:root {

--header-title: "Site-169";

--header-subtitle: "Anomalous Entity Engagement Division";

  ~~logo-img: url("https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/secure-facility-dossier-site-169/AEED-logo.png");

--accent: 255, 105, 180;

}

sup {

vertical-align: top; position: relative; top: -0.5em;

}

:root{

--cutColour: #fafafa;

--barColour: #590505;

}

.translation_block{

display:none;}

#page-content .info-container {

    ~~link-color: rgb(var(~~swatch-text-general));

}

#page-content .info-container .translation_block {

    display: none;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-link,

#page-content .info-container:hover .collapsible-block-link {

    line-height: 1.6em;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-unfolded-link {

    display: grid;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded .collapsible-block-link,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-link {

    -webkit-mask: unset;

            mask: unset;

    background: transparent;

    grid-column: 1;

    grid-row: 1;

    opacity: 0;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded::before,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-unfolded-link::before {

    --wght: 800;

    content: "winkwonkboi";

    color: #FFFFFF;

    font-family: Inter, Arimo, Verdana, Geneva, "Helvetica Neue", "Helvetica", Arial, sans-serif;;

    display: block;

    pointer-events: none;

    grid-column: 1;

    grid-row: 1;

}

@@ @@

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-2689 is to be kept in a standard fish tank located at [Site-169's](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-169) break room. Attempts to accumulate other possible instances have been abandoned per order of the Anomalous Entity Engagement Division (AEED) due to their non-disruptive nature.

---

**Description:** SCP-2689 designates a male blood parrot cichlid,.*Amphilophus citrinellus × Vieja melanurus* more colloquially referred to as "Percy" by Foundation personnel. Physically, it is similar to other non-anomalous members of its species.

SCP-2689's main abnormality is its ability to induce a slightly heightened level of motivation and serenity in those who observe the specimen..This anomaly is also present in recordings and photographs. This effect lasts for approximately ten minutes following cessation of visual contact. It is presently unknown how SCP-2689 possessed these unusual properties, though investigation into its origins has been denied for the time being.

---

**Discovery:** SCP-2689 was initially obtained at an annual festival that was held within [Prescott Valley,](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/sun-talk) when Dr. Mayfield won the anomaly at one of the town's stalls. Although, its anomalous properties would not be discovered until her decision to transfer SCP-2689 to Site-169 a week afterward.

As a result of its relocation, personnel and anomaly morale had increased considerably. Research into the cause revealed SCP-2689's abnormal qualities, subsequently leading to its official designation as an SCP object.

---

= **Addendum:** Excerpt

---

---

= **>>AUDIO LOG<<**

---

**Foreword:** The following is a recording log of Drs. Kirby Case and Melissa Mayfield's conversation regarding SCP-2689's retrieval. Footage was taken within the facility's break room.

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

*(The two are staring at SCP-2689, which is swimming around in its tank. Case is sipping from their coffee mug while Mayfield is wiping her spectacles.)*

**Case:** So you got this guy at the festival?

**Mayfield:** Hm? Oh, yeah. I got it from a stall. It's a game where you catch fish with a paper net. First try, too.

**Case:** Really now? Good for you.

*(Case pauses then chuckles. Mayfield raises an eyebrow.)*

**Mayfield:** What's so funny?

**Case:** Ah, nothing. It's that… (*chuckles*) I'm just picturing a grown woman like you participating in such a game. Somehow, it fits.

**Mayfield:** Oh, be quiet! Can't a woman enjoy her free time? I managed to scoop up Percy here too.

**Case:** I know, I know. I don't mean to offend.

*(Mayfield puts on her glasses.)*

**Case:** I'm surprised you had the time to even go to the festival. Don't you usually have a tight schedule?

**Mayfield:** I'm not the only counselor here, Kirby. My kindness just overtakes my will for free time.

**Case:** (*Scoffs*) Well, aren't you so noble?

*(The both of them laugh.)*

**Mayfield:** You think there are others like Percy? Shouldn't we do something about that?

**Case:** Ah, no worries. Even if there are similar ones, I doubt they would be a worry any time soon. They're just fishes, after all.

*(Case looks over the various items surrounding SCP-2689's tank: Drawings of the specimen, aquatic-themed decorations, and photographs.)*

**Case:** Besides, it'd break my heart to steal them from other people. We're not the only caretakers out there, you know?

**Mayfield:** Heh, you can say that again.

*(Case takes another sip.)*

**Case:** (*Sighs*) Man, I should really stop and enjoy times like these. Sitting here, having a nice cup of joe—

**Mayfield:** Eyeing on the… hm… the happy fish? Yeah, the happy fish.

**Case:** Very happy fish, indeed.

*(The two laugh, focusing on SCP-2689.)*

**Mayfield:** But yeah, I agree… sometimes it's all about the little things.

*(SCP-2689 briefly faces the both of them before swimming off.)*

**Mayfield:** (*Quietly*) …All the little things in life.

= **[END LOG]**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**To:** Site-169 Personnel

**From:** melissamayfield@169.scip.net

**Subject:** Event Reminder!

---

Hello, everyone!

This is just a reminder that we'll be having an upcoming welcoming party for our dear fish Percy. Make sure you wear clothes fit for the party's theme: 'Under the Sea'.

It will also serve as a commemoration for him, for bringing us just a little spark of positivity every once in a while. And obviously because I want my fish (that's right, *my* fish) to have a grand time here at the facility.

With that said, we'll see you there. Have a fishtastic day, everyone!

~~~~

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-2688](SCP-2688) | SCP-2689 | [SCP-2690](SCP-2690) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Percy

> **Name:** Goldfish

> **Author:** You As A Machine

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/82815184@N03/8126665928)

=====
