**Item #:** SCP-2667

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Public entry into SCP-2667 is prohibited. Foundation researchers have established a permanent station at the site, including a system of alarms and cameras to monitor the location. Hazard signage has been placed around the site claiming that the cliff near this site is unstable and dangerous. At least six armed Foundation guards dressed as policemen should be present at the station at all times and take measures to avoid public access to SCP-2667.

All conversations with SCP-2667-1 through 9 must be recorded by the research staff. Any signs of change or movement in SCP-2667-1 through 9 must be brought to the attention of the site manager. If objects displaying similar properties to SCP-2667-1 through 9 are discovered in other locations, the site manager must be alerted as soon as possible.

**Description:** SCP-2667 is a statue garden located 12km from ████████, France. It is square in shape with sides of approximately 350 metres in length, bordered by a low sandstone wall, and measures 12 hectares in area. A variety of plant species have been planted in the garden, which has also been colonised by weeds from the local area. The site shows signs of neglect, with overgrown plants and non-functional irrigation systems such as sprinklers. A review of cartographical records of the area revealed that the wall was built in the year 1835 by a local landlord, Pierre Aubin, who built a wooden astronomical observatory on the site. This observatory is no longer found in maps dating after 1945.

A number of statues designated SCP-2667-1 through -9 are scattered throughout the site. These statues vary in height from 155 to 178 cm, and are constructed from fired clay. One further statue, SCP-2667-10, is broken into three pieces and lies near the entrance to the garden. All instances depict young women in relaxed poses. Their facial features are fully sculpted with the exception of eyes, which are absent. SCP-2667-1 through 4 face the coastal view to the South, whereas SCP-2667-5 through 9 each face the entrance to the site.

Between the hours of 13:04 and 14:48 (UTC+1, unaffected by the French summer time schedule) each day, SCP-2667-1 through 9 become active. While active, they are capable of causing human subjects within ten metres to hear a voice that is perceived to be coming from the direction of the statue. Electronic recording equipment is not affected by this anomalous behaviour and the voice cannot be blocked by physical obstruction or covering the ears of subjects. These voices have always communicated in French regardless of the native language of the listener, or whether the listener is capable of understanding French at all.

**Interview SCP-2667-C, 2013/██/██** (transcribed and translated by Dr. Gauthier)

> **<begin log, 13:27>**

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** Good day! What a beautiful planet this is!

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** Good day. I'd like to ask you a few questions, if that is not a problem.

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** I would enjoy that.

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** Alright. What should I call you?

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** Our guide gave us a list of names in your language. Let me look at it again.

> 

> [a few seconds pass]

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** Please, call me Margot. I like this name.

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** Okay, Margot. How long have you been in this location?

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** Well, our craft arrived here about twenty-four minutes ago and our guide spent the first minute giving us your language before allowing us to go down to the surface. So I have been here for twenty-three minutes.

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** Your craft? Where did your craft come from?

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** We embarked at [unintelligible] and have visited four other planets so far. The last was [unintelligible]. Oh, please pardon me a moment.

> 

> [a few seconds pass]

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** I'm sorry, but my guide says we shouldn't talk to you about our tour. I'm very sorry.

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** That is alright. Could I talk to your guide?

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** I will ask her.

> 

> [a few seconds pass]

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** She says she'll talk to you when she brings her next tour here. It should be in about 24 hours, and she will converse with you here. Oh. My [unintelligible] wants to use this platform. It was nice speaking with you!

> 

> **<end log>**

**Interview SCP-2667-D, 2013/██/██** (transcribed and translated by Dr. Gauthier)

> **<begin log, 13:05>**

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** Hello?

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** You are the one who has been harassing customers using this platform, yes?

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** I apologise if I have caused trouble, but I'd like to understand what is occurring here.

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** I have several dozen customers waiting to see the planet and only nine platforms so ask your questions quickly.

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** How long have you been using this site?

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** We started advertising our tours twenty-one cycles ago. Eight cycles ago, a tourist was killed when a human assaulted her platform and she couldn't escape in time. It was an insurance nightmare; we had to shut everything down for years. If your planet wasn't so famous I doubt we would ever have come back.

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** Where do you come from?

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** You don't know it.

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** Is it another planet in this galaxy?

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** No. These questions do not seem to be leading anywhere.

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** Wait a moment. Do you manage any other locations on our planet?

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** In the future, if we can get our friends to place appropriate receptacles for our clients, we may expand our tours to new and enchanting destinations.

> 

> **Dr. Gauthier:** Your friends?

> 

> **SCP-2667-2:** You don't know them. Excuse me, but I have talked for long enough. Customers are waiting.

> 

> **<end log>**

<< [SCP-2666](SCP-2666) | SCP-2667 | [SCP-2668](SCP-2668) >>

=====

> **Filename:** sculpture-1205478_960_720.jpg

> **Name:** sculpture-south-of-france-garden

> **Author:** HASOEL

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source:** https://pixabay.com/photos/sculpture-south-of-france-garden-1205478/

=====
