SCP-2743 "Suttungr Nevermore" by:  & 

@@ @@ 

**• Stay Tuned for the up-and-coming Ragnarok Series •**

@@ @@

[~DrAkimoto's Author Page~](http://www.scp-wiki.net/drakimoto-s-author-page)

>

[~Dyslexion's Author Page~](http://www.scp-wiki.net/dyslexion-author-page)

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Any attempts to view the area of space containing SCP-2743 via high-powered telescope are to be covertly sabotaged. Due to the size of SCP-2743 instances and its distance from Earth, academic and government-backed astronomy centers are the only institutions that require monitoring. 

Observational satellites have been placed in orbit around each instance, as well as three surface probes equipped with a thermonuclear device with a yield of approximately 30 megatons. 

In the event of discovery, a cover story is to be disseminated among the astronomy community attributing all findings to a practical joke. The original publisher of the report or photographs is to be discredited by any means necessary. At this point, the thermonuclear probes must be detonated to prevent a Broken Masquerade scenario.

Because of the continual advancements in the fields of astronomy and space exploration, the discovery of SCP-2743 is considered an inevitability if it remains in its current orbit. As such, the ongoing development of physical containment methods for SCP-2743 instances is a Class IV Priority. 

**Description:** SCP-2743 designates four organic satellites within Saturn's Phoebe Ring.The Phoebe Ring is made primarily of debris from Phoebe and orbits Saturn at a distance of 180 to 250 radii. The ring itself has a thickness of 40 radii. These satellites, ranging from 2km - 5km in length, have been identified as the corpses of four Jötnar-Class An anomalous species of extra-dimensional entities, referred to by Norse mythology as Jötunn or giants.  humanoid entities, documented as SCP-2743-1 through SCP-2743-4. All four instances were discovered wearing armor and clothing resembling 10th-century depictions of Norse mythological warriors.

@@ @@

**Addendum/2743/A**

•

Report/2743-1

Discovery

2000/2/23 Rhea Orbital Satellite revealed SCP-2743-1 approximately 13 Gm from Saturn's outer atmosphere. 

Subject

Subject is a humanoid entity measuring 2.1 km in length with a physical appearance of a human female between 8-10 years of age. 

Notes

Subject appears to have expired due to blunt force trauma to the zygomatic and maxilla region which caused the entity's facial structure to collapse inward. A large portion of the subject's hair had been forcibly removed, along with three fingers from its left hand.

@@ @@

••

Report/2743-2/2743-3

Discovery

2003/5/13 Rhea Orbital Satellite revealed SCP-2743-2 and SCP-2743-3 in close proximity. Subjects are approximately 15 Gm from Saturn's outer atmosphere. 

Subject

SCP-2743-2 is a humanoid entity measuring 2.9 km in length resembling a human male, approximately 13-14 years of age. SCP-2743-3 is a humanoid entity measuring 3.8 km in length, subject's body structure correlates to a human female of approximately 35-40 years of age.

Notes

SCP-2743-2 was found with its sternum shattered and its ribcage separated from the thoracic vertebrae outwards. SCP-2743-2's lungs had been removed and stretched over its ribcage. This resembles a technique referred to by Nordic cultures as the *Blood Eagle*. Based on collagen formation at the sites where ribs had punctured the lungs, SCP-2743-2 remained in this state for an extended period of time. Additionally, self-defense injuries were noted on its hand and forearms. SCP-2743-3 was found holding SCP-2743-2, its likely cause of death is decapitation. The location of SCP-2743-3's head is unknown.

@@ @@

•••

Report/2743-4

Discovery

Due to its orbital location SCP-2743-4 was discovered on 2006/9/28 by the Rhea Orbital Satellite, approximately 17 Gm from Saturn's outer atmosphere. 

Subject

SCP-2743-4 is a humanoid entity measuring 4.6 km in length with the physical appearance of a human male between 35-45 years of age. 

Notes

The surface of SCP-2743-4's body is covered in severe Lichtenberg figureLichtenberg figures are tree-like patterns that may appear on the skin of lightning strike victims. scarring. The subject's ocular, nasal, and oral passages show signs of charring and necrosis. The likely cause of death is repeated exposure to high voltage electrical currents. An object resembling a 10th-century Norse sword (measuring 3 km in length), was placed through SCP-2743-4's head on the longitudinal axis, exiting the torso via the groin. Evidence indicates this was done posthumously. A granite slab measuring 1.1 km in length was discovered near SCP-2743-4. This slab, designated SCP-2743-4a, has Norse runes etched into the surface, *see SCP-2743-4a Translation*.

> ****SCP-2743-4a Translation**** 

> 

> ᚡᛆᚴᛁ ᛘᛆᚧᚱ ᛋᚡᛁᚴᛁᚧ ᛆᚠ ᛅᛋᛁᚱ

> ᛋᚢᛐᛐᚢᚿᚵᚱᚴᛁᚿ ᚼᚡᛨᛚᛆᛋᛐ ᛆ ᚡᛨᚴ ᚴᛆᛚᛑᚢᚱ

> ᛋᚴᛅᛚᛆ ᚠᛦᚱᛁᚱ ᛚᚵᚯᚧᛚᛁᛋᛐ ᛐᚤᚿᛑᚢᚱ

> ᛑᚱᛂᚴᚴᛆ ᚮᚵ ᛘᚢᚿᛆ ᛂᛁᚧᚢᚱ ᛋᚡᛆᚱᛁᚧ

> ᚮᚴᚴᛆᚱ ᚠᚱᛁᚧᚢᚱ ᛚᛆᚢᚴ ᛆ ᛒᛚᚯᚧ

> 

> ᚱᛆᚵᚿᛆᚱᚯᚴ ᛚᛆᚧᛆᚱ

> 

> 

> Behold Man, the treachery of Aesir The Aesir were one of the two main tribes of deities worshipped by Norse religions. 

> Line of Suttungr, rest in cold cairn

> Weep, for Poetry lost

> Drink and remember oaths sworn

> Our peace ended in blood

> 

> Ragnarok Beckons

> 

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-2742](SCP-2742) | SCP-2743 | [SCP-2744](SCP-2744) >>

=====

> **Filename:** 1

> **Author:** DrAkimoto and Dyslexion

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Wiki](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2743)

> **Derivative of:**

> ~~-~~-

> **Name:** Saturn's irregular satellites.png

> **Author:** Ruslik0

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Saturn%27s_irregular_satellites.png)

=====
