**SCP-2679:** The Many Graves of Jeannette Parslov

**Author:** 

**Images:** [https:*pixabay.com/en/cemetery-tombstone-death-leave-1700014/ Link], [https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Living_anatomy_and_pathology;_(1910)_(14758239345).jpg Link], [https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Medical_X-Ray_imaging_VNH07_nevit.jpg Link], and [https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Radiology_ND_0127_AEJ.jpg Link].

**Music:** [Harder Better Faster](https://youtu.be/gAjR4_CbPpQ) (Daft Punk)

= **Next: [[SCP-3074]([SCP-3074)]: *Kafka's Parking Garage***

---

**Item #:** SCP-2679

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** A 5 kilometer fenced perimeter has been established around SCP-2679. This perimeter is to be maintained as private property by MTF Nu-5 ("Blind Watchmakers"). Efforts to prevent SCP-2679's ongoing expansion are underway.

New SCP-2679-B instances are to be exhumed at regular intervals; any observed changes are to be documented. 

**Description:** SCP-2679 is the site of the Sleepy Oak Meadow cemetery, located 45 kilometers northwest of Victoria, British Columbia (Canada). 

SCP-2679-A instances are graves found throughout SCP-2679. As many as 3 new instances of SCP-2679-A have been observed to emerge in a single day. Tombstones will extend upward from the soil (a process which takes 4 to 12 hours). These tombstones vary in size and shape, but are otherwise non-anomalous. Each bears the name 'JEANNETTE PARSLOV'. Coffins appear approximately 1 to 4 meters beneath each instance, and contain an instance of SCP-2679-B. Instances of SCP-2679-B are the remains of various organisms.Similarities between the effects of SCP-2679 and [SCP-3422](SCP-3422) have been noted. Investigation into a possible connection between the two phenomena is ongoing.

To date, personnel have observed over 1000 SCP-2679-A instances. Manifestations continue to expand out from the center of SCP-2679. Research into methods to prevent the emergence of additional instances is underway.

**Addendum 2679.1:** Autopsy Findings

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS:: SCP/2679/autopsies/012.log</summary>

**SUBJECT:** SCP-2679-B-012

**EXAMINER:** Dr. Richard Breiner

---

**EXTERNAL EXAMINATION:** Adult human female; height of 1.62 meters, mass of 45 kilograms. Abrasions on fingers and knuckles.

 

**INTERNAL EXAMINATION:** Physiology consistent with typical young adult; otherwise unremarkable. Inspection of lung tissue indicates rapid onset of hypoxic hypoxiaInsufficient oxygen supply to the lungs.. 

 

**LABORATORY DATA:** Genetic analysis confirms presence of human DNA. No matches in Foundation databases.

 

**NOTES:** HypercapniaElevated carbon dioxode levels in blood. is the likely cause of death. Presence of physical trauma indicates prolonged struggle before the subject succumbed to hypoxia.

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS:: SCP/2679/autopsies/075.log</summary>

**SUBJECT:** SCP-2679-B-075

**EXAMINER:** Dr. Richard Breiner

---

**EXTERNAL EXAMINATION:** Adult human female; height of 1.65 meters, mass of 48 kilograms. Acute albinismCharacterized by lack of skin and hair pigmentation.. Severe abrasions on forearms, hands, and digits (cutaneous avulsionsComplete removal of skin tissue. on distal phalanges). Presence of numerous subungual splinters. 

 

**INTERNAL EXAMINATION:** Unremarkable. Lung tissue indicates rapid onset of hypoxic hypoxia.

 

**LABORATORY DATA:** Genetic analysis confirms presence of human DNA. Near-identical match to SCP-2679-B-012. No other matches in Foundation databases.

 

**NOTES:** Hypercapnia is the likely cause of death. Physical trauma (including significant interior damage to the coffin) suggests a prolonged struggle and possible self-mutilation.

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS:: SCP/2679/autopsies/129.log</summary>

**SUBJECT:** SCP-2679-B-129

**EXAMINER:** Dr. Julia Blair

---

**EXTERNAL EXAMINATION:** Adult human of indeterminable sex. Height of 1.72 meters, mass of 53 kilograms. Acute albinism. Subject lacks hair (androgenic, vellus, or otherwise), visible genitalia, or secondary sex characteristics. 

 

Severe abrasions and dermal avulsions across subject's body. Several lacerations present along forearms and a fracture in the left radial bone. Both eyes extrudedForcibly removed..

 

**INTERNAL EXAMINATION:** Internal reproductive organs are absent. Examination of cranium reveals minor yet significant cephalic abnormalities. Pelvic bone used to determine sex (female). Lung tissue indicates rapid onset of hypoxic hypoxia.

**LABORATORY DATA:** Genetic analysis confirms presence of human DNA; additional X chromosome (XXY) indicates Klinefelter syndrome, but with atypical presentation (subject's skeletal system presents as female, not male). Close match to SCP-2679-B-075. 

 

**NOTES:** Hypercapnia was the cause of death. Evidence suggests damage to eyes was self-inflicted.

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS:: SCP/2679/autopsies/526.log</summary>

**SUBJECT:** SCP-2679-B-526

**EXAMINER:** Dr. Julia Blair

---

**EXTERNAL EXAMINATION:** Human of indeterminable age and sex. Height of 1.79 meters, mass of 62 kilograms. Acute albinism. Subject lacks hair (androgenic, vellus, or otherwise), genitalia, or secondary sex characteristics. Deformities include supernumerary phalangesAdditional knuckle bones. at fingers and anophthalmiaThe absence of one or both eyes. (both eyes).

 

Severe abrasions and lacerations across subject's body. Numerous fractures and breaks are present, particularly along the maxilla and nasal bone. 3 teeth (2 from the maxilla, 1 from the mandible) are broken.

 

**INTERNAL EXAMINATION:** Internal reproductive organs are absent. Significant reduction in size of frontal lobesPortion of the brain responsible for personality and cognition.; acute hyperplasiaEnlargement of organ via increase in cell reproduction. in amygdala. Pelvic bone used to determine sex (female). Lung tissue indicates rapid onset of hypoxic hypoxia.

 

**LABORATORY DATA:** Genetic analysis indicates significant deviations from human DNA. No matches in Foundation database.

 

**NOTES:** Subject asphyxiated. Internal damage to the coffin led to its collapse; subject was crushed beneath the weight of the soil, preventing respiration. Evidence suggests damage to face and jaw were sustained during repeated strikes against the coffin's lid.

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS:: SCP/2679/autopsies/985.log</summary>

**SUBJECT:** SCP-2679-B-985

**EXAMINER:** Dr. Richard Breiner

---

**EXTERNAL EXAMINATION:** Bipedal humanoid. Height of 1.95 meters, mass of 89 kilograms. No discernible sex, age, or reproductive organs. Acute albinism and lack of hair (androgenic or otherwise). Extensive deformities are present, and include (but are not limited to): Expanded mandible/lower maxilla, acute hyperdontiaSpecifically, 15 additional teeth (7 in the maxilla and 8 in the mandible)., atypical dental morphology, elongated secondary phalanges (protruding approx. 5 centimeters from fingers and toes), anophthalmia (both eyes), and a recessed/absent nasal dorsum. See Attachment-B-985 for complete list.

 

Subject has severe lacerations and dermal avulsions across its body, along with acute swelling in the abdominal region.

**INTERNAL EXAMINATION:** Approximately 20 kilograms of soil removed from stomach and intestinal tract. Severe structural aberrations throughout subject's skeletal, pulmonary, and central nervous systems.

 

**LABORATORY DATA:** No matches in Foundation databases.

 

**NOTES:** Subject asphyxiated. Internal damage to coffin led to its collapse; forensic analysis of grave-site indicates subject persisted in burrowing upward for twenty minutes before succumbing to hypoxia.

</details>

**Addendum 2679.2:** Recovery

On 9/2/2014, reports of an expanding cemetery led to the discovery of SCP-2679. In addition to 14 instances of SCP-2679-A, 9 non-anomalous graves were found. All were exhumed for relocation. Of particular note was a tombstone with the following inscription:

> 

> {{JEANNETTE PARSLOV}}

> {{1994 - 2014}}

> ----

> {{Daughter, sister, mother, wife.}}

> {{You were far too young to lose your life.}}

> {{Whatever it takes,}}

> {{Do what you must,}}

> {{Whatever the cost,}}

> {{Come back to us.}}

> 

Upon exhumation, the grave was found to be empty.

<< [SCP-2678](SCP-2678) | SCP-2679 | [SCP-2680](SCP-2680) >>

=====

> **Filename:** grave.jpg

> **Name:** cemetery-tombstone-death-abandoned

> **Author:** Anemone123

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source:** https://pixabay.com/photos/cemetery-tombstone-death-abandoned-1700014/

> **Filename:** hyperdontia-1.jpg

> **Name:** File:Living anatomy and pathology; (1910) (14758239345).jpg

> **Author:** Rotch, Thomas Morgan

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Living_anatomy_and_pathology;_(1910)_(14758239345).jpg

> **Filename:** hand-1.jpg

> **Name:** File:Medical X-Ray imaging VNH07 nevit.jpg

> **Author:** Nevit Dilmen 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Medical_X-Ray_imaging_VNH07_nevit.jpg

> **Filename:** radius-1.jpg

> **Name:** File:Radiology ND 0127 AEJ.jpg

> **Author:** Nevit Dilmen 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Radiology_ND_0127_AEJ.jpg

=====
