**Item #:** SCP-2785

**Object Class:** Humanoid

**Containment Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The current instance of SCP-2785 is to be kept within a standard Euclid-class containment cell without furnishings. Observation of SCP-2785 is to take place using security cameras behind bulletproof glass. SCP-2785 does not require sustenance. No materials containing metal of any kind are allowed within SCP-2785's cell. The outer layer of SCP-2785's cell is to be lined with a layer of lead that is to be inspected biweekly for damages.

SCP-2785 has displayed a marked interest in mathematics and engineering; as a reward for good behavior, it may be provided with textbooks in these subjects and non-metallic contraptions. These materials should not contain any information dated after 1960.

<details>
<summary>+ Former Containment Procedures (Void as of 07/22/2014)</summary>

*SCP-2785 is to be kept in a standard Euclid-class containment cell. The room is to be completely barren with no furniture, and observation of SCP-2785 is to take place using security cameras behind bulletproof glass. SCP-2785 does not require sustenance.*

*For at least one hour per day, as a reward for good behavior, SCP-2785 has the choice to freely roam Site-17 and interact with personnel. During this time, SCP-2785 must be accompanied by at least two security guards. SCP-2785 is not allowed to enter restricted areas, nor come within fifty meters of any artifact capable of affecting machinery.*

*Prior to SCP-2785-1 events, SCP-2785 is to be given any requested resources within reasonable limits. No more than 0.5 metric tonnes of material are to be provided to SCP-2785. The room where an SCP-2785-1 event occurs is to have a working ventilation system. Once SCP-2785-1 is complete, the previous instance of SCP-2785 may be recycled into its component materials. This is considered a further reward for good behavior, therefore if SCP-2785 begins to display undesirable traits, this privilege is to be revoked.*

</details>

**Containment Breach Protocol:** SCP-2785 poses little to no danger to anyone except for itself in the event of a site-wide containment breach. If found, it should be routed to the nearest secured exclusion area and preferably kept away from electronics. Security personnel should only exercise force on SCP-2785 if it makes its way towards any computer installations.

If an SCP-2785-1 event occurs during a containment breach, the materials used must be cataloged and any new capabilities of SCP-2785 must be audited.

**Description:** SCP-2785 is a fully functional automaton ~~made entirely out of mechanical parts~~. SCP-2785 is 1.2 meters tall and is fully capable of movement and speechSCP-2785's preferred language appears to be Russian, though after several decades of containment it has learned English via immersion.. Although SCP-2785's appearance varies, it has always maintained a humanoid shape. When not in the process of an SCP-2785-1 event, SCP-2785 is polite to Foundation staff, often offering to help when it feels that it is needed.

The internal core of SCP-2785 appears to be a set of three gears, colored a light shade of green. It appears to be the source of SCP-2785's anomalous properties, using an unknown energy source to power SCP-2785. Direct analysis is impossible, as SCP-2785 has stated that removing this core would likely render the anomaly inert. However, long distance analysis has implied that the core is made of organic material.

Once a year, on January 17th, starting at 0412, SCP-2785 will enter an SCP-2785-1 event. This event occurs in four phases:

* **Collection:** SCP-2785 will move around to find suitable materials in the general vicinity. While in this trance state, SCP-2785 will disregard personnel, and has been noted to actively avoid obstacles in the search of materials. These materials are usually various metals, types of rocks and strips of cloth. Once SCP-2785 has a collection of materials deemed suitable, it will move on to the next phase.

* **Construction:** SCP-2785 will use said materials to construct the basic frame of a similarly shaped automaton. SCP-2785 has often used its bare hands to craft toolsEven when offered tools for its construct, SCP-2785 has rejected them, apparently out of politeness. for use in this construction.

* **Transfer:** SCP-2785 will then take its core out of its chest cavity and put it into the automaton. Approximately eight seconds later, SCP-2785 will cease animation, and the new automaton will begin moving. For all intents and purposes, this new automaton is now SCP-2785, as the previous instance of SCP-2785 no longer demonstrates anomalous properties.

* **Finalization:** SCP-2785 will transfer internal parts, such as gear systems and previous modifications, from the previous instance of SCP-2785 to itself. When SCP-2785 has been completed, it will resume its former behavior.

In all recorded SCP-2785-1 events, 25% have resulted in a new SCP-2785 instance with no notable changes, while 75% have resulted in variable changes designed to improve SCP-2785. Some of these changes include replacement of one of SCP-2785's hooks that was formerly used to manipulate objects with a fully functional, humanlike hand, shrinkage of SCP-2785, implementation of several clockwork devices, replacing a portion of SCP-2785's system of gears and pullies, replacement of its left hand with one of several tools (this improvement is the most common of SCP-2785's improvements), and implementation of electronic devices within SCP-2785, replacing several of its mechanical components. This includes motors, various sensors, and processing units.

**Addendum 2785.1:**

Records have shown that SCP-2785 was created in 1954 by Russian engineer Kolya Baranov. After his wife had a miscarriage, Baranov fell into depression, and spent most of his time creating sculptures. He created an approximate 82 sculptures out of various materials, one of these sculptures being SCP-2785. None of these sculptures have shown any anomalous properties except for SCP-2785. Baranov disappeared at some point in 1956. KGB records indicate that Baranov was under observation as a person of interest. However, any further records, including those of Baranov's fate, have since been destroyed.

SCP-2785 came to the Foundation's attention in 1960, when denizens of the village of Visoko, Bosnia reported a "monstrosity made out of metal" stealing their belongings. SCP-2785 was captured by the Foundation and brought to Area-44, where it remained until the construction of Site-91 in 1963, when it was then moved there at the request of Project Supervisor Daniels. SCP-2785 has been in Foundation custody for [43 years](the-little-robot-that-could) and has undergone a corresponding number of SCP-2785-1 events.

**Addendum 2785.2:**

<details>
<summary>+ Level 2 Clearance Required</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-2785

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Calvin

> 

> **Foreword:** This interview was carried out after a regular SCP-2785-1 event, in order to further ascertain the nature of SCP-2785.

> 

> **<Begin Log, 01/17/2005, 0512 hours>**

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** (in Russian) Greetings, SCP-2785. I was hoping tha- (interrupted)

> 

> **SCP-2785:** (in English) You do not have to speak my language. I am able to speak yours.

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** (in English) Wha- could you please tell me how you learned how to speak English?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** You speak it all the time. I decided it was easier for you if I learned your language.

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** ...okay. How are you, SCP-2785?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** I am doing well today, my friend. Mrs. Zyn showed me a butterfly the other day, but the funny thing was, is that it wasn't made out of butter.

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** Could you please give some insight on why you undergo... uh, "transformation events?"

> 

> **SCP-2785:** I am sorry, but I have not learned that term yet. Could you please describe it to me?

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** I believe you refer to it as "Преобразование"Russian for "transformation".

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Oh. Are you saying that you do not transform?

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** Pardon?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Three cycles ago, I perceived you with slightly more orange skin than usual. I had assumed you had transformed.

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** What? No, that was just... that wasn't a transformation.

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Oh. I had assumed you had made yourself more orange, in order to make yourself more attractive to your peers.

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** No, I did not. Are you saying that you undergo SCP-2785-1 events in order to become more attractive?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Unfortunately, I cannot feel love. It's an emotion I don't feel, like... like love. I perform transformations to make myself better.

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** Could you please elaborate?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** As you must know, I have had a lot of years. I lost count a time long ago, though I've counted at least seven tens. Now, your people keep making new machines. And these machines are far better than I. For example, I just picked up wind of "cars" that can magically move you across the land in little time. I can't compete with that! So I transform to make myself better. In that way, I can still service your people.

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** So are you compelled to "service" us?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** It's just what I do. I feel like not helping people is just as bad as... as not helping people?

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** Listen, I have to go. Do you have any final words?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Yes. I would like to thank you for your hospitality here. Without your people to assist... well, [I might go insane](tales-of-the-automaton-the-big-birdocalypse).

> 

> **<End Log, 01/17/2005, 0517 hours>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** It is of note that Researcher Calvin took a vacation to Puerto Rico on 06/12/2002, and came back with noticeably tanner skin.

</details>

**Addendum 2785.3:**

On 01/15/2014, two days prior to an SCP-2785-1 event, SCP-2785 requisitioned a large amount of copper for its transformation, in addition to other metals. However, for the first time in its containment, SCP-2785 did not requisition cloth or wood parts.

The SCP-2785-1 event took three hours longer than usual, mostly due to SCP-2785 using its tools to shape materials into electronic devices, then integrating them into the new instance of SCP-2785.

When SCP-2785 was interviewed following the event, SCP-2785 reported that it had wanted to match its progress with that of contemporary machines. Following this event, the gap between SCP-2785-1 events shortened from one year to thirty days, though SCP-2785 requisitioned far less material for these events. Exposing SCP-2785 to modern electronics is strictly forbidden from this point.

**Addendum 2785.4:**

As of 07/21/2014, SCP-2785 has integrated electronic components fully into its form, replacing about 94.61 percentThis is mostly due to the minimum amount of mechanical components required for electronic devices to function. of its mechanical components. Radio analysis has revealed that SCP-2785's core no longer spins in its former fashion; rather, it emits electricity at approximately 250 volts. Some upgrades to itself include replacing gear systems with electronic motors, replacement of its tool hand (which was formerly a shovel), with a regular hand, though with several more tools integrated into it, and the replacement of its mechanical voice-box with an electronic synthesizer.

On 08/23/2014, SCP-2785 asked to meet with [SCP-1360](SCP-1360), asserting that it wanted to "make sure it wasn't sad anymore". It is of note that SCP-2785 was not informed of SCP-1360's existence. An observation of SCP-2785's innards revealed an electric signal interception system in the model of a standard Foundation radio. This created the possibility of SCP-2785 gaining knowledge of technologies with the potential of causing a containment breach. SCP-2785's containment procedures have since been revised.

**Addendum 2785.5:**

<details>
<summary>+ Level 2 Clearance Required</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-2785

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Calvin

> 

> **Foreword:** Project Supervisor Daniels approved an interview with SCP-2785, in order to gain an understanding of its new behavior.

> 

> **<Begin Log, 09/03/2014, 0714 hours>**

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** Good evening, SCP-2785.

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Ah, finally! Someone to speak with! You know, it is woefully dull, sitting in a blank room with nothing but yours thoughts.

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** Alright, now-

> 

> *SCP-2785 emits a screech at about 65 dB. It is assumed that this a cry of excitement.*

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** You've recently integrated some electronic components into yourself. Do you mind giving me insight into why you did that?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Oh yes, electronics! Wonderful things, aren't they? You know, before I found out about electronics, I could barely even do addition by myself! Now, I can do all sorts of math that even you wouldn't believe! Have you heard about exponents? Watch this!

> 

> *SCP-2785 begins to carve a simple exponential equation into the table, and then solves it.*

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Are you amazed yet?

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** Could you please detail how you discovered these electronics?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Not even a gasp of shock?

> 

> [SCP-2785 and Researcher Calvin argue about the simplicity of exponential equations for four minutes. Extraneous dialogue removed]

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** You know, if you aren't willing to give us information, I guess I'll be on my way...

> 

> *Researcher Calvin begins to stand up.*

> 

> **SCP-2785:** No, please! Don't leave!

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** Answer my questions, then. How did you discover electronics?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Oh, it was amazing! I saw one of your people press a singular button on a device that couldn't have been much larger than a stone tablet, and it immediately displayed seven pictures! Seven!

> 

> *SCP-2785 remains silent for two seconds.*

> 

> **SCP-2785:** After all, if you had devices capable of these wonders, what chance did I have? So I did what any self-respecting fellow would do, and became a better person! It took quite a while, but by watching, I discovered the secrets and eventually used them to transform myself!

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** Could you describe how these electronics affected your actions?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** It was wonderful, once I put the first electronics in! It was like I had been blind my whole life, and now I could see! Do you want to know how many new types of math that I learned?

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** No.

> 

> **SCP-2785:** These mathematics will blow your mind to beyond the rings of the planet Sat-

> 

> **Researcher Calvin:** (interrupting, noticeably frustrated) This isn't going anywhere... How did you know about SCP-1360?

> 

> **SCP-2785:** It's simple. Once I managed to put together an air readerSCP-2785's term for "radio" together, and I discovered a wealth of knowledge! Did you know that knowledge is just floating in the air? I don't see why you don't have an air reader inside of you, too! I can see the latest news, the newest gossip, and even recipes! I've always wanted to cook! Do you want me to make you the dish referred to as "coffee?"

> 

> *Researcher Calvin sighs and begins to stand up.*

> 

> **SCP-2785:** Wait! You have yet to see the magic of long division!

> 

> **<End Log, 09/03/2014, 0729 hours>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** For three weeks following this interview, SCP-2785 used a small drillbit in its finger to draw medium-difficulty mathematical equations in the walls of its cell, as well as phrases such as "Have you been amazed yet?"

</details>

<< [SCP-2784](SCP-2784) | SCP-2785 | [SCP-2786](SCP-2786) >>
