=====

=====

/*~~-- Wikimodule integration ~~--*/

body {

    ~~wm-bg: var(~~foamy-white);

    ~~wm-accent: var(~~lagoon-hue);

    ~~wm-border: var(~~undersea-tone);

}

**Reading time:** 5 minutes 23 seconds no footnotes, 6 minutes 40 seconds with footnotes

**Word count:** 1418 words before footnotes, 1833 with footnotes.

**Recommended Listening:**

[Tears In Heaven - Eric Clapton](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxPj3GAYYZ0&ab_channel=Epitaph)

**Item #:** SCP-2381

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-2381 is to be kept in a large storage locker within Site-212A when not in use. SCP-2381 may be accessed by personnel with Level-1 clearance or higher for therapeutic purposes. SCP-2381 should not be operated in external areas.

Linguistic experts familiar with the  Elder or Younger Finnfelk languages are discouraged from interacting with SCP-2381. 

**Description:** SCP-2381 are a pair of objects, the first of which is a scale model of a Giant Oceanic Manta Ray*Mobula birostris* capable of both automated and controlled motion through ~~unknown~~ [ thaumatological mechanisms](SCP-3703 ) (See Addendum Translation Log L-2381-01). SCP-2381 has a wingspan of 2 meters and its body is 0.9 meters in length with a 3 meter long "tail". The dorsal, ventral, and belly of SCP-2381 are intricately carved, with a number of "channels" that become luminescent when it is turned on. Two "handlebars" for holding onto are placed symmetrically on the dorsal surface. SCP-2381's forwards and backwards motion, pitch, yaw and elevation can be controlled via particular gestures on a "control panel" of glowing diodes placed just behind the head of the object. 

SCP-2381 is activated by placing one hand on the large circular imprint in the center of the "control panel" and placing one finger on the right-most diode and circling it clockwise three times.

The second component of SCP-2381 is a box shaped device with an identical layout to the control panel on the scale model. This box functions as a remote control device. 

When SCP-2381 is turned 'on' it is capable of performing a number of aerial and aquatic maneuvers, including barrel rolls, loops, hammerheads, etc. SCP-2381 engages in these behaviors automatically if its remote or manual controls have not been touched for a period of 60 seconds or more. At random intervals, the item will play a series of varied chords in E♭ Major. This auditory sequence contains a mild audio compulsion, inducing feelings of 'joy/happiness' when it begins, and 'longing/loss' when it ends. 

**Discovery & Linguistic Markings:** SCP-2381 was discovered in 1914, following an earthquake in Lefkada, Greece, by farmers sorting through the rubble of the town of Vasiliki. SCP-2381 was buried in a cliffside and was exposed during an earthquake-related rockslide. 

The farmers initially kept the item to themselves, until they accidentally activated the device. Believing it to be an ancient Greek artifact, they reported it to a group of archaeologists visiting the town. An embedded Foundation agent filed a report on the object, at which point a recovery team was dispatched to retrieve both objects. SCP-2381 and a scroll found tied to the head of the manta ray were recovered. 

 

**Linguistic Markings:** At the time of cataloguing, the recovery team noted the presence of a number of linguistic carvings of ~~an unknown and untranslated language~~ (See Translation Log L-2381-01) on the ventral surface of SCP-2381. 

Many of these carvings are identical to a rune-like script inked onto the unusually well preserved scroll recovered with SCP-2381. The scroll was photographed, hand copied, and etched multiple times, before the original was lost in a fire caused by Obskura infiltration during WWII. Until roughly 1920, the Foundation believed these marks to be a lost branch of the Mekhanite language, however, [ recovery of further artifacts](SCP-3706) across northern, western, southern Europe and the Mediterranean indicated that these were not Mekhanite artifacts, as the Northern Orthodox branch of Mekhanism never reached beyond the Rhine river. 

# Translation Log L-2381-01

**Foreword:** On July 31st, 1985 embedded Foundation archaeologists recovered a number of tablets from a Phoenician site in Tyre. Analysis of these tablets uncovered a wealth of direct translations from the unidentified runic script to Phoenician. 

From these tablets, the Foundation learned that the language was referred to as "Elder Finnfelk" by its speakers and was created by a hominid race known as the "Finnfolk" more commonly known in the ancient world as the "Sea Peoples". Subsequent analysis of cultural records from across the region revealed corroborating evidence of this mysterious civilization. 

These tablets served as Rosetta stone equivalents, allowing the Department of Linguistics to begin translating the large backlog of recovered scripts, carvings, and notations found on thousands of recovered materials. As it was among the first discovered items, researchers used SCP-2381 and its accompanying scroll to test their early translation models. The following log is a composite of these early translations. 

---

**Translation of scroll found with SCP-2381:**

**Translators note:** The following poem largely doesn't appear to follow a strict meter, but the short stanzas seem to suggest the possibility of metered verse existing elsewhere.

Oh tiny, tiny ones 

Tiny ones living so tiny and slow

With tiny little hearts

Oh, how they are so small

How I watched you grow.

@@@@

Oh, brave singing Frodi, sensitiveTranslation here was unclear due to water damage to the scroll. Runic combinations for sensitive are very close to runic combinations to frail, so it's possible frail was meant instead. Alfrún too,

We loved you so. 

@@@@

As we held you in our arms

Your song had so much glow.

@@@@

In summer you laughed the days away, 

In winter you spoke each other's life-names

But poor tiny Alfrún's gills

Why did they turn so gray?

@@@@

We moved from our grotto in the inner-streamsAn imprecise translation of a word that only had partial analog in Phoenician sources. Believed to possibly be a synonym or dialectic substitute for the typical runes used for "inland rivers"?

To distant FinnfelheimA major Finnfolk population center in the Mediterranean built into and around the 'volcanic' island of Thera. for Alfrún to stay. 

@@@@

In that gentle summer,

I made you both this great ray. 

@@@@

Oh, the smiles it brought to your faces

As the pangloss-lillies burned brightly in the bays.

@@@@

I leaned against your mother and hoped

That the underskiesTranslation is unclear, unlike in pre-mitheric poetic works, where the meaning of the symbol is more ambiguous, the few contemporary poems from southern Finnfolk traditions available appear, in context, to be referring less to a second sea or natural force, and more a journey beneath a second mirrored or inverted sky. These references seem to have bled into Mediterranean cultures, such as the Iberians and Mycenaens, who believed in a voyage or trip across a great river accompanied by a guide or element of divinity.  would not take her away.

@@@@

So we prayed to the Mither each night

And in the daylight you both played

With this lovely, gifted ray

Clinging to those grip-bars,Imprecise translation, the department suggested "handlebars" as an alternative, but unlike on bikes, the context indicates a different purpose. tightly so.

@@@@

You gave him a lovely life-name, Líttvængr

Truly a wonderful gift

Yet such a strange little thing.

@@@@

And every night when I put him away

I added just a little more.

@@@@

Gave him a life-songImprecise translation, but a common motif in Finnfolk poetry and artwork is the rhythmic or lyrical nature of word arrangements being associated with deeper thaumaturgy, especially creation. all his own

To help you love and play.

@@@@

But poor tiny Alfrún,

There was nothing the magisters could do

For gill-rot has no cure

Bedridden with illness came all too soon.

@@@@

As I stand here against the waves

Holding you in my hands 

There was so much more to say

But the chance passed us by

Like little eggs in the waves.

@@@@

So the sharks came out to play

And you, little Frodi you,

Played dispirited and all alone.

@@@@

I wondered if it's possible,

Did we do all that we could do

What more could we have done?

@@@@

But in that following spring

Poor tiny Alfrún sailed for the underskies

Into the Mither's embrace. 

@@@@

Oh how we all weeped

For tiny Alfrún had been so full of joy

Despite how frail she seemed.

@@@@

But her song burnt too bright 

And took her from us too soon.

@@@@

In her wailing memory

I took a piece of her song

And wove it into Líttvængr.

@@@@

So we'd always have

A piece of her

To live on with us at home

With all those for whom she so loved.

@@@@

We floated amidst the city's-name-gatesLiteral translation, the context of the surrounding runic script indicates this is inaccurate, but no existing word in the English language sufficiently fits the magnitude of contextual implications.

And set her body to sail 

Down the great rafts of the underskies

To join her life-song in the dancing night.

@@@@

A miracle happened then 

As you wept against my shoulder.

@@@@

The Mither gently lifted-her-lowEarly translations here are imprecise, in texts from earlier periods the symbols interpreted here as "lifted-her-low" are used to mean "fell from a great height" but in the context of the surrounding symbols within this poem and other contemporary works, the connotation is altered to produce a strange mix of imprecise transliteration. Possibly symbolic.

Towards the soul-of-heartLiteral translation, no English equivalent exists. in peace and color.

@@@@

And for the first time we could say

She truly flew on her own. 

@@@@

In her name we carried on

@@@@

But it never was the same

Not for your mother, you or me. 

@@@@

Oh, as you grew and grew

The playing danced so much less.

@@@@

I could see the sadness in your eyes

The absence in your heart 

Unfilled by the mythic sky.

@@@@

And there was nothing I could do

The skies deny me the fullness of singing grief.

@@@@

The war came so quickly through

And Finnfelheim fell under siege. 

@@@@

By then you were almost grown 

But Líttvængr never left your side. 

And you grew in your power

You bloomed in your beauty and love.

@@@@

A magister one day I was certain you'd be

But what if the day would never come?

@@@@

And when the shields came down

We were all on our own.

@@@@

And in the evacuation of the canals

Metal and fire came raining down. 

@@@@

Oh, how we searched for you

And found you all alone

Stilled beneath the hateful sky

Had the Mither forsaken us so?

@@@@ 

Oh tiny, tiny ones 

Tiny ones living so tiny and slow

With tiny little hearts

Oh, how they are so small

Now they beat no more. 

@@@@

The only sounds in the air

Are the starry waves washing against the land

Here I stand with you

Held softly in my arms.

@@@@

Her voice is on the breeze

Her touch against my scales

As I rock you against her waves.

@@@@

Oh mither hear me please

Deliver unto me 

Your sight, your sound, your heart

For I would drown in your silence.

@@@@

The starry tide is coming

Your mother kneels in its trough

Maybe I should join her too?

@@@@

The starry tide is coming

And fire burns on your horizons

But all I hear is nothing

As we drown in your absence.

@@@@

The undersky approaches

How can we hope to keep on going

Without you both at home.

**Translation of markings on SCP-2381:**

**Right Wing:**

Brave little Frodi.

**Left Wing:** 

Joyful and soft Alfrún

**Center:** 

Let the Mither guide you where we could not.

---

**Postword:** Upon translation of SCP-2381's markings, a low-level memetic effect affected the translators handling the object. Both linguistic experts described observing adolescent humanoid figures covered in scales. 

<< [SCP-2380](SCP-2380) | SCP-2381 | [SCP-2382](SCP-2382) >>

> **Filename:** 

> **Name:** (if different from filename)

> **Author:**

> **License:**

> **Source Link:**
