**Item #:** SCP-2601

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** The locus of SCP-2601 is to be secured to a rectangular steel conveyance assembly using bolts. The assembly must be further encircled by a welded steel cage with gaps wide enough to permit physical contact with the locus. The conveyance assembly is to be located at the center of four specially-constructed long term humanoid containment units numbered A through D. Maintenance access to the conveyance interior is possible only via remote-controlled doors inside the containment chamber.Controls routed to Control Node 2601 in Site 179, Area 4 (S176/4/CN2601).

  

The construction of rooms S176/4/2601/A through S176/4/2601/▒ is largely typical, with the exception of maintenance hatches, a titanium grate aperture to allow voluntary physical contact with SCP-2601, and a circular one-meter aperture in the ceiling for dispensing concrete. Finally, the floors are capable of sliding into the wall and exposing a sheer, concrete-walled pit thirty (30) meters deep.This presents logistical challenges to plumbing, both for life support and waste removal. For the time being, a portable composting toilet should be provided, along with sufficient drinking water for the duration of the planned experiment.  

In the event of a breach or noncompliance event within the conveyance access chamber, procedure 2601-MALCHIAHProcedure 2601-MALCHIAH consists of dispensing anesthetic gas into a chamber and withdrawing the floor, and must be performed for 30 seconds prior to opening the external door to a S▒P-2601 containment unit. must be performed in all four chambers simultaneously. If this is insufficient to resolve the noncompliance event, procedure 2601-JULIANProcedure 2601-JULIAN is a fully automated process consisting of filling the entire SCP-2601 research space, including containment chambers and disposal pits, with concrete. Once initiated, Procedure 2601-JULIAN cannot be stopped. must be implemented except by order of the O5 council within ten (10) minutes of the noncompliance event.

D-class personnel selected for testing must not be eligible for the amnestic recycling policy, unless otherwise required by SCP-2601's conveyance maintenance schedule.

Test logs must not be numbered sequentially, and should convey no information about the order or number of tests performed.

**Description:** SCP-2601 is an unstable equilibrium of antimemetic and infocaustic phenomena which combine to form an extremely potent, slow-progressing, biologically bound infophage. The phenomenon is transmitted by ~~physical contact with~~ an object catalogued as SCP-2601-Locus. SCP-2601's locus was retrieved from an American church in 2013, presumably by Foundation personnel, but no records of the object's acquisition have survived.

SCP-2601's first-order effect is comprised of two parts: an antimemetic component, which renders information about the subject unrememberable or imperceptible, and an infocaustic component, which physically deletes information from reality. As such, mnestic treatment is only partially effective in persisting knowledge about SCP-2601 and individuals affected by it.

SCP-2601's second-order effect is similar, but affects all individuals perceiving or attempting to perceive SCP-2601's locus. Information about the locus's appearance, creation, discovery, and durability are impossible to observe or confirm by any means, including indirectly through electronic surveillance or recorded data.In rare circumstances, data about the locus's nature may be reported by subjects. However, the anomaly's self-censoring effect renders this information illegible regardless of medium. Although the second-order effect seems to have the same dual antimemetic and infocaustic components, ~~it does not in itself progress to full infection by SCP-2601's first order effect.~~ 

At first, highly personal information is erased, such as parental relationships, sibling relationships, and fundamental preferences. This is not purely an amnestic effect: with time the information is erased directly from reality, rather than rendering it imperceptible or impossible to remember. As the infection progresses, it radiates outward into the subject's Errol-Klein boundary, erasing the history of events external to the subject's direct influence but causally connected to their actions. Finally, information about the subject's thoughts, identity, and appearance is erased. At this point, the subject is impossible to perceive by any means, and will have ceased to meaningfully exist.

SCP-2601 is thought to only affect living creatures ~~coming into contact with the Locus of their own volition.~~ Exposed individuals may report mental distress and fatigue as a byproduct of their memories being altered. This is immediate and affects written or digitally encoded information as well as human knowledge. There is no known maximum range for this erasure, with core biographical data erasure occurring in family members up to [DATA REDACTED] kilometers away.

In rare cases, enough data is retained to make useful inferences about an experiment or test subject. Though traditional methods are not effective in tracking research yield, the Wheeler-Ki̴m methodThe Wheeler-K̶im method is used to estimate the research yield of experiment protocols when perceptual, infocaustic, or limited retrocausal anomalies are in effect. The calculation uses containment construction costs, researcher staffing expenses, complexity of security clearance architecture, and electrical utilization to infer initial and ongoing costs, and compares that cost to other anomalies with known test patterns to project an expected level of researcher coverage and rate of D-Class consumption. Perceivable or surviving research records are then compared to this projection to estimate rate of loss. estimates approximately █% of experiments remain auditable to some extent.

<details>
<summary>+ Test Log a0a080f42e6f13b3a2df133f073095dd</summary>

> {{**WARNING:** File corrupted. CRC32 checksums failed.}} 

> {{**Predictive Reconstruction: **[ON]** | OFF}}

> {{**WARNING: Predictive Reconstruction algorithm returned an error code: INSUFFICIENT CONTEXT FOR ANALYSIS:** Insufficient contextual data available to infer all values. Please provide additional data, or decrease the certainty threshold configured in PRERECON_AA/config/default.js to accept lower-accuracy results.}}

> Test #a0a080f42e6f13b3a2df133f073095dd is designed to establish a maximum range for ▒░░ ░▒om░l▒░░. D-627░░8, convicted in 2002 of mur░ering his long-time girlfriend, [DATA REDACTED], is ░laced into S176/4/2601/A, and prov▒▒▒d the handset for a cordless phone stationed in the staging area. D-627░░8 is further equipped with: 

> 

> • One (1) collapsible cot, and bedding 

> • One (1) folding table 

> • One (1) Coleman™ brand camp stove and six (6) weeks worth of bottled fuel 

> • 180 gallons of water 

> • One (1) tablet computer loaded with entertainment software and movies

> • One (1) composting toilet  

> • Ten (10) rolls of toilet paper  

> **CONTACT EXPERIMENT | INTERVIEW I**

> **10/18/2014**

> 

> *D-627░░8 enters S176/4/2601/A and the door is sealed. D-627░░8's f░░e expresses ▒░░▒ ▒▒░▒░░░.*

> 

> **D-627░░8:** How long do ▒ have to be in here?

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** ▒▒░▒░▒▒░▒░░░░ ░░░░░░░░

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** ▒░░░░░░▒░▒░░░░░░▒░▒░░, we can begin.

> 

> **D-627░░8:** Yeah, sure. Whenever you're ready, ▒ guess.

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** You will hear a ░▒░▒▒▒ briefly. Please keep ▒▒▒r hands free of the grate.

> 

> **D-627░░8:** Okay.  

> 

> *SCP-2601's locus is conveyed to the contact area.*

> 

> **D-627░▓8:** Jesus, what is that thing? 

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** You're helping us figure that out. Press the green button on your phone's handset and set it on the floor.

> 

> **D-627░░8:** Uh, you got it.

> 

> *D-627░░8 complies, and his call is connected to a secure party line with his mother, designated 2601/a0a080f42e/A, who is awaiting his call from a standard nonanomalous interview chamber maintained in Foundation-owned offices in Akron, Ohio. 2601/a0a080f42e/A is unaware of the Foundation, the nature of SCP-2601, or the approved experiment plan.*

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** Hello? ░▓▒▒▓█▒?

> 

> **D-627░░8:** ...Mom? What's happening? Are you here?

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** They say they need to interview us. About ▒░█̧̧▓░҉͏҉̕͝▒̵̡̛҉█̵̡͝█̷̷̸͘͜█̨̕▓▓█̷̛█͏̸̸́͢█̶̧̨̀█.

> 

> **D-627░░8:** What does this have to do with the experiment, Mr. Txai?

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** We'll come to that. D-627░░8, an object has been delivered to yo░▒ chamber. Please reach through the bars and touch it. 

> 

> **D-627░░8:** Touch what? 

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** Reach through the bars as far as you can and feel around. 

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** ░░▒▒▒█▒? What's happening? What are they making you do?

> 

> **D-627░░8:** Mom, calm down. There's nothing there, there... wait, ▒▒▒░▒░▓▒▒▒░▓▓▒̢░░░̸░̶░▓░͟ there's nothing there. 

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** Are you ready to begin? 

> 

> *Researcher Txai is momentarily disoriented by the acute effects of SCP-2601. Observers in Site-82 record similar results in 2601/a0a080f42e/A.* 

> 

> **D-627░░8:** ▒... don't know. Uh. ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▒again

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** I'm sorry, what's happening? 

> 

> **D-627░▒8:** ▒ feel weird. Mom, ▒▒▒ fine. 

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** Who are you talking to?

> 

> **D-627░░8:** You're freaking ▒░ out. Mom, it's me. Is there something wrong with the line?

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** I'm sorry, I'm not your mother. I couldn't mistake you for [REDACTED]

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** Ma'am, how many children do you have?

> 

> **D-627░░8:** I'm not [REDACTED], mom, I'm... uh.  

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** I have two, [REDACTED], and... oh. Um...

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** Are you sure?

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** Yes, of course I'm sure. You must not have kids. [REDACTED] is my daughter, she's a pharmacy technician, and... um...

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** I can't believe it, I must be having... I must have hit my head. My other... I don't have two daughters, but I don't have a son. I don't know this boy.

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** What is your other child? 

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** An...  

> 

> *2601/a0a080f42e/A shows considerable emotional distress, starting and stopping several times. D-627░░8 gurgles quietly in shock.*

>  

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** A convict. Before that... I don't know. 

> 

> **D-627░░8:** Do ░ know that woman? No,░▓ do, you're ░y mom.▓ 

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** I'm sorry, honey, I don't know who you are.  

>  

> *D-627░░8 emits a gagging, wailing sound.*

> **Addendum I:**

> **1/18/2015**  

>

> **Research Associate Brooks:** Good morning, Mrs. [REDACTED]. Are you well? 

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** Oh, I'm getting by. What do you folks want? Is this for the paper?  

> 

> **Research Associate Brooks:** We wanted to talk to you about your children this time, catch up on how the economy's affecting your family. Are both your children employed?  

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** Well, I only have one child. My daughter's a pharmacy technician. She makes good money.  

> 

> **Research Associate Brooks:** I'm sorry to ask, but have you ever had more children?  

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** What a funny little question. No, I haven't. 

> 

> **Research Associate Brooks:** You're from [REDACTED], right? Did you know [DATA EXPUNGED]? 

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** Why, yes I did. She was a wonderful girl. She used to be over at my house all the time, and I don't mind telling you she loved my eclairs. She always to░░░ when she went back home. 

> 

> **Research Associate Brooks:** Why did she visit you?  

>  

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** I... our families must have been friends.  

> 

> **Research Associate Brooks:** Do you know how she died? Were you aware she was murdered? 

> 

> **2601/a0a080f42e/A:** Well, bless your heart. No. As far as I can recall, she just died. It was very sudden, poor thing. 

> 

> **Research Associate Brooks:** Thank you for your time, Mrs. [REDACTED]. You've been very helpful.  

>

> //2601/a0a080f42e/A is given a Class A amnestic and returned to her home. Media research confirms that no information pertaining to ▒░▒▒░▒░▒▒▒ ░▒░▒░░░░ ░░░▒▒░▒░▒▒░▒░░░░░░░░urvives.  

> **INTERVIEW VI**

> **12/25/2014**

> **Researcher Txai:** Good evening, D-627░░8. How are you tonight?

> 

> //D-627░░8 lies on the cot, listless and unresponsive. Researcher Txai repeats the question.

> 

> **D-627░░8:** What am I?

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** Why don't you tell me in your own words.  

> 

> **D-627░░8:** ▒▒▒... here. And ▒▒ ▒҉͝░̴̶͡▒͜͠͡░̢͘͡͡▒́͡▒̷̵ afraid.

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** How do you feel? 

> 

> **D-627░░8:** Empty. *Empty.* Th-there's no shape to th░▒░░, it ░▒▒░, it's burning. It has never, um, never not been empty, and burning.

> 

> *Security footage inside the chamber ceases to record. In the video feed of the control room, Researcher Txai wavers on his feet. For 38 frames, Researcher Txai is not visible in the image.*

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** Is there someone in there? Clear the chamber and open the door. 

> 

> **D-627░░8:** I don't think so.

> 

> **Research Associate Brooks:** There's someone inside. Are you sure?

> 

> **Researcher Txai:** Oh! Oh, cancel that. D-6... subject, can you hear me?

> 

> *D-627░░8 does not respond.*

> **Addendum II:** On 3/8/2015, S176/4/2601/A is determined to be empty during a scheduled occupancy audit, and procedure 2601-MALCHIAH is initiated automatically by control software in compliance with special containment procedures.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Maintenance Log 8/28/2016</summary>

> {{**02/14/2013** S176/4/2601/A CODE 01 [SYSTEM ONLINE] -> 2601-MALCHIAH}}

> {{**02/14/2013** S176/4/2601/B CODE 01 [SYSTEM ONLINE] -> 2601-MALCHIAH}}

> {{**02/14/2013** S176/4/2601/C CODE 01 [SYSTEM ONLINE] -> 2601-MALCHIAH}}

> {{**02/14/2013** S176/4/2601/D CODE 01 [SYSTEM ONLINE] -> 2601-MALCHIAH}}

> {{**02/14/2013** S176/4/2601/▒ CODE 01 [SYSTEM ONLINE] -> 2601-MALCHIAH}}

> {{**02/14/2013** S176/4/2601/A CODE 19 [UNIT OCCUPIED] -> NO ACTION░░░░

> {{**02/17/2013** S░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒░░▒░░░ ▒▒▒▒░▒▒▒▒ -> ▒▒▒▒░░▒░▒ ░}}

> {{**▒░░░ ▒▒▒▒░▒▒**/2601/D░░▒░░▒▒▒▒▒░░▒░░▒▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒░▒▒░░look░░▒}}

> {{**03/07/2013** S176/4/2601/C CODE 19 [UNIT OCCUPIED] -> NO ACTION░░░░}}

> {{**░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░**░░░▒▒▒**░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒}}

> {{**░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒**▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒**▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░}}

> {{**░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒**░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒HY░C▒▒T░░**OU▒SE**E░US▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░}}

> {{**░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░**░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░}}

> {{**▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░**░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░**░▒▒▒░░**░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░}}

> {{**▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░**░▒▒▒░░░̴͡͞͡҉░̵̨̛͟▒̀͘▒̢▒̡͞͞░̴̵̵͘░̷̵͜͝░͏́͏̸░̨̛́̕▒̶̨̨̛̕▒̴̡̨͜͝▒̶̵̶̡░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒}}

> {{**▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░**▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░**░░▒̢▒▒̶░░̷░░͜▒̴▒̕░̀░░̷░**▒̕▒́▒͡░░░░▒▒▒**░░░░▒▒▒░░░**░▒▒}}

> {{**░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░**░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒▒░░░░▒▒▒}}

> {{**░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒**▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░͘░͝▒̸▒͠▒̵░͢░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░}}

> {{**░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒**░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░̷̵░̨̛▒̴▒̶̡͝▒̀H̀Ę҉̸░̶͘͡▒▒͡▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░}}

> {{**░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░**░░░▒▒▒░░░░**▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░1░▒▒▒░░░}}

> {{**▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░**░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░**░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░}}

> {{**▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░**░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░**░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░**░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒}}

> {{**▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░**▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░AT░HER▒[H░EART](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3041)▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒}}

> {{**░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒▒░░**░**░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒**▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒}}

> {{**11/22/2013** S176/4/2601/▒ CODE▒28 [NONCOMPLIANCE EVENT] -> STAGE 2601-JULIA░}}

> {{**11/22/2013** S176/4/2601/░ CODE▒29 [ONGOING NONCOMPLIANCE EVENT] -> WARNING 1░}}

> {{**11/22/2013** S176/4/2601/░ CODE░29 [ONGOING NONCOMPLIANCE EVENT] -> WARNING 2}}

> {{**11/22/2013** S176/4/2601/░ CODE░29 [ONGOING NONCOMPLIANCE EVENT] -> FINAL WARNI░▒}}

> {{**11/22/2013** S176/4/2601/▒ CODE░24 [COMPLIANCE DETECTED] -> ABORT 2601-JULIA░}}

> {{[DATA EXPUNGED]}}

> {{**░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░**░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒dON░T▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░}}

> {{**▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░**░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░▒}}

> {{**▒▒░░2░▒▒▒░░░**░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░ONGER OCCUPIED] -░░2601-MALCHIA░░}}

> {{**▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░**▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒}}

> {{**░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒**░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒}}

> {{**░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒**▒**░░░░**▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░0░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░}}

> {{**░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒**░░░░▒▒▒░░░**░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░**▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░}}

> {{**░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░**░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒░**░░░▒▒**▒░░░░▒▒▒░░░**░▒▒▒░░░░▒**▒▒░░░}}

> {{**10/18/2014** S176/4/2601/A CODE 19 [UNIT OCCUPIED] -> NO ACTION}}

> {{**10/18/2014** S176/4/2601/A░▒▒DE 08 [CONTAINMENT DOOR OPERATED] -> 2601-MALCHIAH}}

> {{**10/18/2014** S176/4/2601/A CODE 19 [UNIT OCCUPIED] -> NO ACTION}}

> {{**03/08/2015** S176/4/2601/A CODE 22 [NO LONGER OCCUPIED] -> 2601-MALCHIAH }}

> {{[DATA EXPUNGED]}}

>

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 03/20/2018 | 8/292 Clearance Required</summary>

>

> **To:** SCP Foundation Ethics Inquiry Inbox <ask_us@ethics.scp-foundation.org>

> **BCC:** Dr. Sergei Petropoulos, Ethics Committee <spetropoulos@ethics.scp-foundation.org>

> **From:** Dr. Txa▒░Petropoul▒▒ <tpetropoulos@research.antimemetics.scp-foundation.org>

> **Subject:** Request review of testing protocol/needs

> **Message Body:** To whom it may concern

> 

> I'm writing on the subject of SCP-2601's testing requirements. Is there an sufficient rationale to continue human testing? ▒ can barely remember what we do to them, but I can't do it anymore. If you review the file, you'll see we have no idea how many D-Class we're exposing to this thing. And it takes months to kill them. Months. We can't even tell if it does kill them, for all we know they're alive when we void the chamber. What about this is not fucking inhumane.

> 

> If you wont listen to morals. Listen to this. We've had this thing for almost five years and we have no idea why we're infecting people with it. We have a procedure to lock the whole thing down permanently so lets just use it. If my login could trigger it Id have done it by now. Bottom line is what do we hope to achieve? Please consider my suggestion

> **To:** Dr. ░▒a▒░Petr░▒░░l▒▒ <tpetr▒░ou▒▒s@research.antimemetics.scp-foundation.org>

> **From:** SCP Foundation Ethics Committee <no-reply@ethics.scp-foundation.org>

> **Subject:** Re: Request review of testing protocol/needs

> **Message Body:** Researcher Petropoulos,

> We have reviewed your request and have declined to investigate further. While you may not agree with this decision, please remember that it is not your job to decide what is and what is not justifiable in our mission to Secure, Contain, Protect. A mission which we all share. 

> 

> I hope you appreciate that sometimes, the reason for continuing testing of a contained SCP may be unclear to an individual researcher, but this does not in any way mean that there *is* no reason, nor is there any obligation on the part of the Foundation to explain these reasons. Often, there exist reasons which *cannot* be shared – this may be one of those times. 

> 

> We have reviewed your notes and evaluation records, and have determined that you require reassignment to an anomaly less challenging to your personal ethics. Please await the arrival of the security team, who will escort you to the Sector 8 amnestic wing for treatment. You won't remember your time with SCP-2601, but I can promise your next assignment will be more to your liking. 

> 

> Remember that we have a job to do, and while we must remain penitent for the lives and minds we spend to retain our security, it is only our work that allows the world to survive. 

> 

> – Milo Halvorson, Site-176 Ethics Director, SCP Foundation Ethics Committee

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 03/21/2018 | O5 Clearance Required</summary>

> **Incident Report** 

> 

> On 03/20/2018 Dr. ░▒a▒░▒▒tr░▒░░l▒▒, the research lead assigned to SCP-2601, triggered a door cycle for chamber S176/4/2601/B and scheduled a maintenance hatch order for the same chamber. By the time security arrived on the scene for an outstanding order to escort Dr. ░▒tr░▒░░l▒░ for his scheduled amnestic protocol, he had entered containment, opened the maintenance area, and breached SCP-2601's conveyance assembly. When he did not exit again, automatic systems triggered procedure 2601 JULIAN, immuring Dr. ░▒tr▒░▒░l▒▒ with SCP-2601-Locus and rendering the anomaly unreachable. 

> 

> By all appearances, this was intentional: the researcher in question had expre░sed ethical opposition to the test protocol, as well as willingness to destroy it without approval. By forcing entry, ░░ was able to force the system's failsafes to permanently seal it. 

> 

> I don't have to tell you that this isn't acceptable. We have certain expectations here, chief among them that researchers don't make vigilante ethics decisions over the heads of their Site Director and Ethics Committee. 

> 

> In terms of the impact on morale or other researcher following Dr. ░░tr▒▒▒░l░░'s lead, I don't think there is any further action to take. SCP-2601's first-order effect is already eradicating ▒░░ information and knowledge of his subversion from our minds and records: by this time next month, I doubt we'll even remember ▒░ existed. 

> 

> But we also have an obligation to resume regular testing as soon as possible to prevent [DATA EXPUNGED], as well as to have the new testing facilities in place and the Locus recovered before we forget we were looking for it in the first place. To that end, I make the following recommendations: 

> 

> • Ethics Committee to devise updated test plan language to reinforce the necessity of testing without breaching secrecy regarding [DATA EXPUNGED] 

> • Logistics Director Rosso to initiate construction of an identical testing facility using original blueprints. 

> • Site Director Rothfuss to select a new research lead, ideally scoring better than 95th percentile in Foundation loyalty. 

> • Site Director Rothfuss to also reassign Dr. ░░tr▒▒▒░l░░'s other assignments before we forget we need to. 

> • Tactical Lead Reynolds of MTF Theta-90 ("Angle Grinders") to provide a shortlist of SCP objects able to facilitate immediate retrieval of SCP-2601-Locus. 

> 

> Gentlemen, we've all got jobs to do. Let's get to work putting thi░ ugly chapter behind us.

> 

> O5-11  

>

</details>

<html>

<head>

<SCRIPT LANGUAGE = "JavaScript">

 window.hideSecretPanel = true;

function toggleFakeCollapsible(){

  let collapsible = document.getElementsByClassName('collapsible-block-content')[0];

  window.hideSecretPanel = !window.hideSecretPanel;

  if (window.hideSecretPanel) {

    collapsible.style.display = 'none';

  } else {

    collapsible.style.display = 'block';

  }

  

}

</script>

<style>

body {

  font-family: verdana,arial,helvetica,sans-serif;

  font-size: 0.80em;

}

a {

  text-decoration: none;

  color: black;

}

</style>

</head>

<body>

▒eal i▒░up░░ow▒ pour the <a href='#' onClick='toggleFakeCollapsible()'>c▒▒re░▒</a>

<div class="collapsible-block-content" style="display: none;">

<p><tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░</tt>

<tt>░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░</tt>

<tt>░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░</tt>

<tt>░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░stil▒▒here</tt>

<tt>░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░<strong>░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒</strong></tt><strong>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ocus░░s░self░░ensoring▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt></strong><tt>▒░░░░▒▒</tt>

<tt>ca▒▒▒yone read th▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░</tt>

<tt>░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒<strong>▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░</strong>░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒ still ▒ere</tt>

<tt>it▒▒tinks in ▒ere</tt></p>

<p><tt>not ▒uch air ▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>not ▒uch air.</tt>

<tt>▒▒ name is▒</tt>

oh

<tt>▒▒ name was the first thing░░░<strong>░░░</strong>░░<strong>░░▒▒▒</strong>▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒<strong>▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░░</strong>░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒<strong>▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒</strong>▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░<strong>░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒</strong>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒ name was the first thing░░░▒took.<strong>░░░</strong>░░<strong>░░▒▒▒</strong>▒▒▒</tt>

▒▒know ▒▒have been here for thr▒▒ week▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒

know i'm at the foundation. i'm inside the</p>

<blockquote>

<p><strong>Addendum</strong></p>

<p>▒▒dont k<tt>now if ▒▒had a wife.▒▒do</tt>nt▒▒▒▒▒▒<tt>^A^A</tt>▒▒know ▒▒was married.

but ▒▒dont know if ▒▒had a wife. ▒▒dont think ▒▒liked men. must have been a

wife.▒▒▒▒▒<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>▒▒<tt>▒</tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</p>

<p>do yo▒▒remember ▒▒? does any▒▒<tt>e know ▒▒▒ gone▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt></p>

<p>d<tt>dnt thi▒▒ it</tt> would h<tt>urt th▒s much to die</tt></p>

</blockquote>

<p>the <tt>conveyance ¸</tt></p>

<p><tt>▒▒can see the locus ▒▒▒▒looking at it right now. it's a ▒▒▒▒▒▒<strong>▒</strong>▒▒▒</tt></p>

<p>a ▒<strong><tt>▒</tt>▒</strong>▒▒̷̵▒̷̵<tt>▒̷̵▒̷̵<strong>▒</strong>▒</tt>

<tt>▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒</tt>

<tt>please▒</tt>g<tt>od they hav</tt>e ▒<tt>o</tt> kno<tt>w</tt> its a █̨̢̙̫̫̰̣̱͕͓̝̝̟̳͖̟̼ͦ̈͐̽͒̄ͬͩ▒̷̍̏͂̓̌̒̓̂̑̾͌̅ͦͣ̀̏ͩ͠͏̟̖̬̫̦͎̳̳̮̤̕͞ͅ░̛̛̗͓̭͈͚̺̩̤̻̟̼̼̘͍̙̭͓̱̐ͫ̐ͥ́͜ͅ▒̔ͯͨ̌̐͋̌̈́̽͑ͬͨ҉̴͡͝͏̦̲̗͓͓̟̞̰͕̜͙͖̻̫▒̛͍̞͍̱͙̭̥͍͇̭̓̃̔͗͊͜͝█̵̵̢͖̮͍̬̜̭̬͖̯̹̗̠͇͇̑̔ͪ̒̑̉̐ͧ́̋̊̉͊ͬͬ̃̇ͪ̂͢▒̶̷̦͇͕̻͍̻̙̳͎͕̲̼ͤ̐͐ͩ̽̎̅̾̅̊͊̈́́̚̚̚͠</p>

</div>

</body>

</html>

<< [SCP-2600](SCP-2600) | SCP-2601 | [SCP-2602](SCP-2602) >>

=====

> **Filename:** church.jpg	

> **Name:** church.jpg	

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2601

=====
