_

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor music distribution websites and video sharing platforms for accidental performances of SCP-6319. In case of discovery, the audio is to be removed under guise of copyright infringement, and MTF Cedilla-4 ("Tune Squad") will carry out containment and amnesticization as required. No direct containment of SCP-6319-1 has been deemed necessary.

**Description:** SCP-6319 is a melody originally written by French composer Claude Debussy as part of a draft of his piano work "Clair de Lune". SCP-6319 demonstrates no anomalous properties unless it is performed in direct moonlight and within approximately five meters of a reflective surface. If these conditions are met, the sound of a brass instrument performing SCP-6319 will emanate from the aforementioned reflective surface. All moonlight reflecting off that surface will coalesce into a screen of light, similar to a hologram. 

*SCP-6319 with Debussy's harmonization*

The screen shows a heavyset, elderly humanoid of indeterminate gender. This entity, designated SCP-6319-1, has poorly defined facial features and silver hair that gradually blends with its scalp. It is dressed in a threadbare suit and carries a trumpet-like instrument with four valves. SCP-6319-1 is able to see and communicate through the screen. Interviews with SCP-6319-1 indicate that it anomalously created SCP-6319 as a means of communication.

At the time of initial containment, approximately 85% of SCP-6319-1's body was translucent and presumed incorporeal. SCP-6319-1 described this condition as a wasting disease induced by a lack of artistic motivation.

**Addendum 6319.1:** Excerpt from the Journal of Claude Debussy

In July 2020, the Foundation was made aware of several documents written by Debussy. These documents include notes, music notebooks, and a diary that detailed Debussy’s discovery of SCP-6319. The documents were transferred to the custody of Dr. Florian Dupont, who translated the text from French to English and digitally transcribed all music notation within. An excerpt from these journals is presented belowFor unabridged materials, contact Dr. Florian Dupont at Site-641..

> 14 April 1890

> 

> I have never been the most faithful in keeping this diary, but the events of tonight are such that I must write them down. Where to begin? Two short hours ago, I was seated at my piano, tossing ideas about, when I came across a somber and mysterious theme. I refined it, seeking it as a bloodhound seeks its quarry, when at last I uncovered its potential! I played the melody, supporting it with haunting accompaniment. Yet as I finished, I heard that same melody echo from the mirror on my bedroom door, as if from leagues away, and watched as the moonlight streaming through the windows gathered off its surface! 

> 

> I leapt off my bench, for there in the moonlight was the image of four portly individuals, as clear as a photograph. They were not human, but they carried themselves with the self-awareness of man, and held in their hands objects that reminded me of wind instruments: a flute of sorts, a horn that was not a horn, and two others of even greater oddity. They shared my surprise, but not my alarm—instead, great excitement grew within them, and they vocalized back and forth, waving their arms about. In my astonishment, I waved back at them, bringing them to even greater hysterics. 

> 

> Then—the four beings placed their instruments to their lips (rather, where their lips should be) and began to play. At this, my pen fails me. I would say  their sound was that of a river if it took the place of the breeze, flowing and swelling through the treetops; but that is an attempt to describe the indescribable.

> 

> Finally they ceased, and after a brief moment turned to me with anticipation. I realized that it was my turn, and with shaking hands I sat and began the finest piece I know: Chabrier's "Sous-bois." My fingers stumbled and slipped, and once I concluded I looked up with embarrassment, only to find my visitors held rapt, just as I was.

> 

> For the next two hours we traded compositions, presenting them to each other as reverent gifts. I played Mussorgsky and Ravel and Chopin, with the modest inclusion of my own works. Their music knew no limits—sometimes without key, sometimes without meter, never without purpose. I would have stayed all night, but after I finished the aria from *The Goldberg Variations*, the quartet bowed their heads, and one stepped forth and performed that original melody I discovered scant hours ago. The wall of light melted away, and it was as if the night's events had never transpired.

> 

> First I took to my staff-book, to hurriedly notate that melody. Now I head to sleep, surely to dream of reality, for reality has become the dream.

**Addendum 6319.2:** Interview with SCP-6319-1

Debussy's journal noted that SCP-6319-1 had become fluent in French. As such, all interviews with SCP-6319-1 have been held in French and translated to English.

> **Interview—16 July 2020**

> Dr. Florian Dupont, *interviewer*

> SCP-6319-1, *interviewee*

> 

> ~~-~~

> *Dr. Dupont performs SCP-6319 on a digital keyboard in the courtyard of Site-641. A tray of water has been placed as a reflective surface. The melody echoes out of the water and the screen of light forms. SCP-6319-1 instantly notices this event and appears startled.*

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** Hello there. My name's Dr. Dupont, and I represent an organization called the Foundation. 

> 

> **SCP-6319-1:** I… another? What an absolute pleasure! I thought myself completely alone, my song forgotten. What a beam of light! I am Jove, the Beating Heart of Yon*Yon* is the name of the musical quartet depicted in Debussy's writings..

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** Ah, yes. Jove—I've read about you in Debussy's diary.

> 

> *SCP-6319-1 places its hands on its head.*

> 

> **SCP-6319-1:** Oh, Claude. How I've missed him. It's been such time since I last saw him.

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** Now, you have companions, right? Other members of Yon. Melia and Do, I believe, and Ali. Where are they now?

> 

> *(Pause.)*

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** Jove?

> 

> *SCP-6319-1 looks to the ground and lets out a resigned hum.*

> 

> **SCP-6319-1:** Gone. Gone and vanished. Lost to the same sickness that holds me in its talons. As I fade, so they have faded long before. And I—the only one left, wondering which will claim me first, old age or the end of purpose.

> 

> *SCP-6319-1 gestures to its fading body.*

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** Your condition is caused by the "end of purpose"?

> 

> **SCP-6319-1:** When my people lose desire to create, they lose the will to exist. I held that desire with Yon. I held that desire when we wove our song into the moonlight, and when we were with Claude. Now? I have no Yon, no Claude. All I have is my song, but by itself, it is nothing.

**Addendum 6319.3:** Testing Logs

Research personnel hypothesized that performing music in a social setting would improve SCP-6319-1's condition. Testing logs are included below, and have been abridged for brevity.

Date:

19/7/2020

Personnel:

Dr. Florian Dupont

Tests Performed:

Dr. Dupont provides SCP-6319-1 with sheet music of the third étude from Charlier's *Études Transcendantes*. SCP-6319-1 expresses both an inability and a lack of desire to read sheet music. Dr. Dupont teaches the first sixteen measures of the piece to SCP-6319-1 by rote. 

Result:

No appreciable difference in subject's appearance.

 _

Date:

21/7/2020

Personnel:

Dr. Florian Dupont

Tests Performed:

Dr. Dupont teaches SCP-6319-1 the jazz standard "Autumn Leaves" by rote. Dr. Dupont accompanies SCP-6319-1 on the piano, performing a short solo in between statements of the melody. SCP-6319-1 inquires at length about Dr. Dupont's improvisatory concepts.

Result:

Slight increase in opacity of SCP-6319-1's lower legs.

 _

Date:

27/7/2020

Personnel:

Dr. Florian Dupont

Tests Performed:

Dr. Dupont and SCP-6319-1 discuss improvisatory theory. While SCP-6319-1 is not familiar with Western music theory terminology, it demonstrates functional knowledge of most concepts. Dr. Dupont takes out his smartphone and plays Miles Davis's song "Blue in Green"; SCP-6319-1 expresses amazement at the concept of recorded music. The rest of the test session consists of Dr. Dupont playing music and discussing it with SCP-6319-1. Testing extends for forty-five minutes past scheduled end time, and no scheduled tests were conducted.

Result:

Moderate increase in opacity of SCP-6319-1's lower and upper legs.

 _

Date:

10/8/2020

Personnel:

Dr. Florian Dupont

Tests Performed:

Dr. Dupont and SCP-6319-1 perform parts of the albums *Chicago V* and *In the Court of the Crimson King*. SCP-6319-1 expresses frustration that not all parts of the compositions can be performed by two players.

Result:

Slight increase in opacity of SCP-6319-1's hands and upper legs.

 _

Date:

18/8/2020

Personnel:

Dr. Florian Dupont (lead), Dr. Eva Rivera and Researcher Tate Pinyochon (assisting)

Tests Performed:

Dr. Dupont and SCP-6319-1 rehearse Herbie Hancock’s “Cantaloupe Island”. Dr. Rivera accompanies on drums and Researcher Pinyochon accompanies on bass. Dr. Dupont remarks that SCP-6319-1 has made considerable progress in developing an improvisatory style. Testing extends for fifty-eight minutes past scheduled end time.

Result:

Moderate increase in opacity of SCP-6319-1's arms and legs. Slight increase in opacity of SCP-6319-1's head.

 _

Date:

8/9/2020

Personnel:

Dr. Florian Dupont (lead), Dr. Eva Rivera and Researcher Tate Pinyochon (assisting)

Tests Performed:

SCP-6319-1 presents an original melody. Researchers create accompaniment around the melody and develop a structure for the composition. Testing extends for one hour and thirty-one minutes past scheduled end time.

Result:

Moderate increase in opacity of SCP-6319-1's head.

 _

Date:

11/10/2020

Personnel:

Dr. Florian Dupont (lead), Dr. Eva Rivera and Researcher Tate Pinyochon (assisting)

Tests Performed:

Researchers and SCP-6319-1 continue to develop original music. All parties lightheartedly accuse each other of performing "the lickAn improvisatory phrase used in jazz which has become an Internet meme." too frequently. Testing extends for one hour and forty-four minutes past scheduled end time.

Result:

Moderate increase in opacity of SCP-6319-1's head. Slight increase in opacity of SCP-6319-1's torso.

**Addendum 6319.4:** Transcript of Disciplinary Meeting

> **Disciplinary Meeting—15 October 2020**

> **Attendees:**

> Site Director J. Granger

> Dr. Florian Dupont

> Dr. Julia Couture, *acting as union representative*

> 

> ~~-~~

> **Dir. Granger:** Dr. Dupont, Dr. Couture, welcome. Take a seat.

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** Thank you, Director. May I ask why I'm here today?

> 

> *Dir. Granger clears his throat.*

> 

> **Dir. Granger:** Dr. Dupont, I've been reviewing your testing logs for SCP-6319-1. I have no complaints with the thoroughness of your work, but I am concerned with your methods and your professionalism.

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** How so?

> 

> **Dir. Granger:** Your last test went about ninety minutes past its scheduled end time, and the one before that—let's see—yes, that was an hour and ten minutes over. Why are they taking so long?

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** Well, these tests are less rigid in nature than our usual work. Sometimes—

> 

> **Dir. Granger:** You've also commandeered two additional researchers to aid you on this project, for the purpose of "supporting SCP-6319-1's recovery". Why is the SCP's recovery a priority?

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** So normally, we would try to learn as much about an anomalous disease as we could before curing it, but we can't directly—

> 

> **Dir. Granger:** Doctor, let me cut to the chase. You may view this as testing, but to me, it seems you're using clinical time as band practice.

> 

> **Dr. Dupont** I think that's a very reductive way to describe our work.

> 

> **Dir. Granger:** When I was walking back from lunch, I overheard a conversation about whether "Flo and the Lunatics" were going to have a concert on Friday night.

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** That's just a rumor, Director. We're only doing studio work.

> 

> *Dir. Granger begins to stand up from his desk.*

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** Hey, hey, hey. Just a joke. Look, the methodology is sound. The wasting disease is tied to artistic motivation. If we want to get results, the skip needs to get its mojo back. Just so happens that this is the best way to do it.

> 

> **Dir. Granger:** And you're doing this only for science?

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** Absolutely.

> 

> *(Pause.)*

> 

> **Dir. Granger:** You can't claim overtime for the extended testing sessions.

> 

> **Dr. Dupont:** Never have.

> 

> **Dir. Granger:** Good. Dismissed.

**Addendum 6319.5** 

The following is a recording of music written by SCP-6319-1, along with Drs. Dupont and Rivera and Researcher PinyochonAs Researcher Pinyochon is American, his lyrics are written and performed in English., and performed on 2 March 2021. As of this date, SCP-6319-1 is completely corporeal.

<details>
<summary>Lyrics</summary>

The days linger on and on

Alone with my thoughts and memories

Adrift in a soft despair

But you, you're all changes

Singin’ in the moonlight

Singin’ in the moonlight

Singin’ in the moonlight with you

</details>

<< [SCP-6318](SCP-6318) | SCP-6319 | [SCP-6320](SCP-6320) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Jove

> **Name:** Combination of 1. Trumpet Solo and 2. Moon landscape

> **Author:** 1. Simon Yeo 2. Stuart Orford

> **License:** 1. CC BY 2.0 2. CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** 1. https:*www.flickr.com/photos/74279471@N00/5470071610 2. https:*www.flickr.com/photos/13422016@N07/3554307973

> **Additional Notes:** Edits by me

> **Filename:** singing in the moonlight.mp3

> **Name:** Singin’ In The Moonlight

> **Author:** TheJakels

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/thejakels/singing%20in%20the%20moonlight.mp3

> **Filename:** SCP Tune

> **Author:** TheJakels

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/thejakels/SCP%20Tune

> **Filename:** Sheet Music

> **Author:** TheJakels

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/thejakels/Sheet%20Music

=====
