:root{

   --header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

   --header-subtitle: "Specters, Carrions, and Poltergeists";

   ~~lgurl: url(http://scpdsandbox.wikidot.com/local~~files/heckfire-ghost1/SpecLogo.png);

}

.footnotes-footer {

    visibility: hidden;

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

**SCP-6876** - Disgusting

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ndheckfire)

@@ @@

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** At this time, SCP-6876 is uncontained. Foundation personnel are to be explicitly restricted from entering Site-400's third-floor men's restroom. Any individuals possessing relevant information regarding SCP-6876 are encouraged to report it to the current research head (presently Dr. Derik Gusmann of the Department of Spectral Phenomena).

---

 

**Description:** SCP-6876 is the designation given to a spectral phantasmic entity of an as-of-yet unknown ClassSpectral entities are sorted through five different Classes, each corresponding to their corporeality and ability to "interfere" with the plane of the living., currently believed to be inhabiting (or "haunting") the third-floor men's restroom in Site-400. During the time of its brief manifestation, SCP-6876 was seen wearing a Foundation-issued *Janitorial and Maintenance* uniform, with its mouth obscured by a blue surgical-type face mask.

SCP-6876 momentarily appeared on the 5th of May, 2018, and was seen vocalizing for a few seconds in the presence of Dr. Nigel Henderson, before demanifesting. The following is a transcript of the event, initially recovered from a surveillance camera implemented in the bathroom:

= **<Begin Log>**

*Footage shows the view of the restroom in its entirety, with the stalls, urinals, and washing sinks visible. The sound of a toilet flushing is heard, and Dr. Henderson exits one of the stalls and proceeds to throw a clump of tissue paper in a nearby wastebasket.*

*He lifts both of his hands to his nose and sniffs his fingers, before shrugging and attempting to exit the bathroom. At this point, SCP-6876 manifests directly in front of Dr. Henderson, holding a wet mop and a metal bucket.*

**SCP-6876:** Bro, what are you doing? That's disgusting.

**Dr. Henderson:** (*looks up*) What the-?

**SCP-6876:** You're a doctor, for god's sake. Go wash your hands!

*SCP-6876 proceeds to demanifest. Dr. Henderson looks around his surroundings and briefly glances at a nearby sink. He shrugs once again and exits the bathroom, his hands still unwashed.*

= **<End Log>**

Dr. Henderson reported the above incident to on-site security, and an official investigation was conducted, resulting in the recovery of the video camera. After reviewing the footage, personnel has concluded that SCP-6876 was, in nature, a spectral entity. As such, the Department of Spectral Phenomena has been assigned to properly research SCP-6876.

---

@@ @@

= **ON-FILE COMMENTARY**

> I would like to request the removal of the video transcript, if possible. I suggest using a "timeline-of-events" type thing, specifically with my name redacted or expunged. I think we can all agree that I've learned my lesson on bathroom etiquette. - *Dr. Nigel Henderson*

> Request denied. Let this be an example to you and everyone else. - *Dr. Derik Gusmann*

> Please? - *Dr. Nigel Henderson*

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6875](SCP-6875) | SCP-6876 | [SCP-6877](SCP-6877) >>

=====

> SpecLogo.png was initially derived from [SCP-5729](SCP-5729), created by .

=====

> **Filename:** bathroom.jpg

> **Name:** File:Men's Toilet in Flight Technology Area, 1st Floor of Aviation Museum 20131231.jpg

> **Author** 玄史生

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Men%27s_Toilet_in_Flight_Technology_Area,_1st_Floor_of_Aviation_Museum_20131231.jpg)

=====
