Written by .

For more by me, go to [ my Author Page!](metalRavioli-s-author-page )

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-225

Dir. Edward B. Irkiv

Dr. Julian Voress

MTF Eta-7 "Birds of Prey"

---

**Special Containment Procedures**

SCP-6773 is to be contained in a steel-reinforced containment enclosure in [Site-225's](secure-facility-dossier-site-225) wildlife containment wing. The containment enclosure must resemble a forest, and include perches, trees, a small lake, and temperature control. Two live house mice.*Mus musculus* are to be released into the enclosure daily for SCP-6773 to catch. SCP-6773's enclosure is to be monitored at all times and is to be guarded by 4 armed guards at all times. SCP-6773 must wear a tracking collar at all times.

In [the case of a containment breach](animal antics), MTF Eta-7 "Birds of Prey" is to be dispatched to locate SCP-6773 via tracking collar and recontain it, using tranquilizers if necessary.

**Description**

 SCP-6773 is a large avian entity, closely resembling a member of the black vulture.*Coragyps atratus* species in appearance. SCP-6773 is approximately 2.4 meters in height, with a wingspan of approximately 5.1 meters. SCP-6773 has the ability to shift reality around it to its will, however, this ability is apparently limited. Several abilities SCP-6773 have been shown to be capable of include telekinesis, localized temporal dilation, and in some cases, the transformation of objects around it. SCP-6773 typically uses these abilities when agitated or distressed, however occasionally uses them when calm. In addition to these abilities, SCP-6773 also displays an abnormally high amount of strength.

SCP-6773 displays predatory behavior, taking joy in hunting and catching live prey. SCP-6773 is omnivorous, however prefers to consume live prey. SCP-6773 prefers small prey but has been known to consume larger prey if a smaller specimen is not provided. SCP-6773 is highly aggressive towards personnel and will attempt to attack any person who approaches it. Any personnel who enter SCP-6773's enclosure are to be armed with tranquilizers at all times and are advised to approach the entity with caution. SCP-6773 also displays a high level of intelligence, however is not considered sapient.

SCP-6773 was discovered on 04/12/2021 in the custody of *Gary's Animal Sanctuary*, located in Upham, New Mexico, which had been caring for SCP-6773 for approximately one month. According to recovered documents, SCP-6773 had initially been encountered by members of the Sanctuary when it attacked the truck of Mr. Gary Pebbler. Mr. Pebbler apparently noticed SCP-6773 was injured and captured it. Mr. Pebbler held SCP-6773 at *Gary's Animal Sanctuary* for several months before Foundation agents were notified of the anomaly's existence, upon which a team was dispatched to contain SCP-6773. Members of the sanctuary were amnesticized, and SCP-6773 was successfully contained.

**Addendum 6773.1:** Recovered Documents

Several documents from the personal journal of Mr. Pebbler describing SCP-6773's time at the sanctuary were discovered upon the initial containment of SCP-6773. These documents have been linked below.

<details>
<summary>+ Access Documents</summary>

> Journal Entry 134

> 03/12/2021

> Been a rough week, me and Barry found a new rescue today, except this one was different. We were driving over to Henry's when this huge, and I mean huge vulture came out of nowhere and started attacking the damn truck! We stopped the truck and got out, and saw this guy ripping apart the roof of the truck. We noticed the thing was injured and somehow managed to get a catcher pole around its neck, and dragged it into the truck. Poor thing had a ruptured wing, must've been hit by a car.

> 

> As we were driving to the sanctuary, some weird stuff began to happen. It felt like it took forever to get back to the sanctuary, even though we were only 20 minutes away. Then out of nowhere, the truck just stopped. I check the engine and nothing was wrong, and that's when the truck started moving on its own! It must've driven a mile before Barry got it to stop. Should get that checked out. The whole time this vulture is screaming its ass off, god it was the worst noise I've ever heard.

> 

> We named the vulture "Shadow" after Barry's old dog, bless his soul. We got him to the sanctuary and he would not stop screaming. We got him into a temporary enclosure while Linda prepared to give him a checkup, but he would not calm down, I've never seen a bird so angry or big before. I'm heading home for the night, it's been too crazy today.

> Journal Entry 135

> 03/13/2021

> The checkup went... okay to say the least.

> Took Linda and Barry 'bout an hour to actually catch Shadow, and another 30 minutes to actually sedate him. Poor fella must be scared outta his mind. Linda says he has a broken wing and that he'll need a cast. Like we'll be able to get it on him. She said he's some sort of vulture, but he's the biggest vulture any of us have ever seen, he must be 10 feet tall! Vultures eat dead animals, so we went out and bought some meat for him, although he hasn't eaten yet. Barry and Ben are setting up a permanent enclosure for him, so hopefully, he'll calm down then. 

> 

> There's also been a lot of weird stuff going on around here, like really weird. I was walking down one of the hallways, and all of a sudden one of those wheelie chairs wheeled on right by me! No one was pushing it or anything, just wheeled past me by itself and turned a corner. Linda said she dropped a pencil and it stopped falling in midair, and Ben said he saw a mouse turn into a rat! Although Ben's always been a bit nuts, so I don't know If I believe that. Barry says he doesn't believe in ghosts, but I think I do, and I think we might be haunted.

> Journal Entry 136

> 03/16/2021

> Barry and Ben finished setting up Shadow's enclosure today, and we moved him into it after about an hour of struggle. Seemed super stressed out throughout the whole thing. We managed to get a cast fitted and onto his wing, he surprisingly doesn't seem to mind it. Once he was in his enclosure, he seemed a little less stressed, but stressed nonetheless. Tomorrow, I'm going to try to hand feed him, and see if he calms down a little.

> Journal Entry 137

> 03/17/2021

> Things went better than expected. Bad, but better than expected.

> I entered Shadow's enclosure with a few scraps of meat, and he immediately ran towards me and tackled me! He pinned me to the ground and ripped the meat from my hands. Once he was off of me I ran out of that enclosure faster than I've ever run before. He ate the food though! First time he's eaten since he's gotten here, so it's a start. I'm going to try again tomorrow.

> Journal Entry 138

> 03/23/2021

> I've been doing the same thing with Shadow, and today we made some improvement!

> Instead of tackling me like usual, Shadow just ran up to me and snatched the scraps from my hand. I sat in his enclosure and watched him eat, he didn't seem to mind that much. No screeching either, usually he screeches and squawks whenever I come in, but today he just sat there and looked at me as he ate his food.

> 

> I've also noticed that he's been starting to build a nest out of twigs, which is a good sign. He's been eating every day and drinking from his bowl. We are making some improvement here. I also did some research, and according to what I've found there's no vulture in the world as big as Shadow is. Maybe he's a new species or something. 

> 

> In other news, there's still some weird stuff going on at the sanctuary. I was watching Shadow's enclosure, when a whole bunch of sticks flew into the air and over towards Shadow's nest, and started intertwining themselves into the nest. The whole time Shadow was watching the sticks intensely. What is going on?

> Journal Entry 139

> 03/27/2021

> I've been making some progress with Shadow! Every day I go into his enclosure with scraps of meat, and he comes up to me and takes them. Then he goes and lies down in his nest and eats them while watching me. I sit down and watch him, every time sitting a bit closer to his nest. He seems to be getting used to me. Barry and Ben have tried giving him scraps, but he tackles them every time as he did to me before, so I get feeding duty.

> 

> His wing seems to be getting a bit better. He obviously still needs the cast, but he's moving it a bit more.

> 

> Tomorrow, I'm going to try and pet him. I've gotten pretty close to his nest, so hopefully, I can get close enough, and he'll let me pet him.

> Journal Entry 140

> 03/28/2021

> Success!

> I got close enough to Shadow's nest today to pet him, and I decided to just go for it. I slowly put my hand on his head and started petting him slowly. He seemed to enjoy it! He closed his eyes and we just sat like that for a while. I'm starting to feel a connection to him here, and I think his personality is starting to come out.

> Journal Entry 141

> 04/1/2021

> Shadow's personality is really starting to shine out! He's turned from a cranky bird to such a sweetheart. Every day when I come into his enclosure with his food he comes running up to me, happily squawking. We play this game with the food, I throw pieces of the scraps up into the air, and he catches them and eats them. Then, he clicks his tongue when he wants more, and we do that until there's no more scraps left.

> 

> He is such a cuddlebug too, we always have cuddle sessions in his big nest, I'll usually bring a pillow and blanket, although he likes to hog them sometimes, which I don't mind. He still doesn't like anyone else here, I think he's afraid of them. I've noticed that his feathers poof up a bit when he's scared, and his feathers always poof up when anyone else besides me enters his enclosure.

> Journal entry 142

> 04/09/2021

> Shadow is such a lovely and happy bird now! He's grown so much over the month since we've got him and is such a pleasure to be around. I spend hours in his enclosure with him, and the whole time he is by my side, either cuddling with me or wanting to play.

> 

> He's really taken to me, and I've really taken to him. He feels like my pet now, which is kind of a weird thing to say about a 7-foot tall vulture. I really love him, and I hope that he stays a happy bird forever.

> 

> On a side note, the weird stuff that was going on seems to have stopped. I don't know what's weirder, the fact that it was happening in the first place, or the fact that it just seemed to go away.

**Note:** Following the final entry, Foundation personnel were informed of SCP-6773's existence and quickly contained the entity. Members of *Gary's Animal Sanctuary*, including Mr. Pebbler were administered Class C amnestics.

</details>

**Addendum 6773.2:** Incident 6773-1

On 04/25/2021, SCP-6773 managed to breach containment and proceeded to fly east towards New Mexico. SCP-6773 managed to evade capture for several days, until it arrived at *Gary's Animal Sanctuary*, upon which it proceeded to locate Mr. Pebbler. The following interaction was caught on the sanctuary's security camera system and is linked below.

<details>
<summary>+ Access Security Log</summary>

> = **SECURITY LOG**

> **Date:** 04/28/2021

> ----

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *(The view is of Mr. Pebbler's office. Mr. Pebbler is seen sitting at his desk sifting through several papers, and is whistling. After about 5 seconds, The office door, and several meters of wall surrounding it shatter, as SCP-6773 breaks through the wall and vocalizes.)*

> 

> **Pebbler:** Jesus! What the fuck?

> 

> *(SCP-6773 spots Pebbler, and squawks several times.)*

> 

> **Pebbler:** My office! What the shit...? Who are you?

> 

> *(SCP-6773 extends it's wings and vocalizes, then proceeds to walk towards Pebbler. Pebbler gets up from his chair and begins backing up.)*

> 

> **Pebbler:** Woah woah woah woah woah, stay back.

> 

> *(SCP-6773 stops. It tilts its head.)*

> 

> **Pebbler:** What do you want? What are you? Why are you here, why did you break into my office!?

> 

> *(SCP-6773 squawks quietly)*

> 

> **Pebbler:** Shoo, get out!

> 

> *(SCP-6773 takes a step back)*

> 

> **Pebbler:** GET OUT OF HERE!

> 

> *(SCP-6773 stares at Pebbler for approximately 10 seconds. It then lowers its head and exits the room.)*

> 

> **[END LOG]**

> ~~-~~-

> **Afterword:** Following this interaction, SCP-6773 exited the sanctuary and was willingly recontained by MTF Eta-7. SCP-6773 showed signs of depression for approximately 2 months following recontainment, but has since returned to its usual aggressive behavior.

</details>

 

<< [SCP-6772](SCP-6772) | SCP-6773 | [SCP-6774](SCP-6774) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Vulture.jpg

> **Name:** Vulture.jpg

> **Author:** Everglades National Park

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [*https://www.flickr.com/photos/evergladesnps/8721205280/in/photolist-ehEsuh-2iVsbDn-qX2ieJ-DKH12o-DkUU9W-2jeaRhA-2krnh4g-2jcVFsu-2k3bp8n-2jAFKVC-ot7Ysa-2jKz38h-bqDsA7-oshjE7-2m7mfsp-otp3ih-oto45a-i8PukZ-ov4jok-2iVnS9W-2iVqBni-bqDszJ-266gMVp-A17erM-bDynPZ-2gA2upS-ouo395-ovF6LK-oeUkPF-yiVHE5-2jxFV3c-odqAtv-xRLuF9-obZ7rV-hNovaw-ovDbtV-xAWnUr-oeYMdE-trzNuS-aRnzmP-otRDDJ-owd9x2-owkCk4-wZrNyn-otA6ex-otb9sp-tFugpY-oyfNh6-aAZqF9-abd2Hw Link]

=====
