div.scale {

    /* Class Bar Color */

    --woedbar-class-bar-color: #b3a9a8;

}

**Special Containment Procedure:** Multiple tents have been placed around SCP-6388-A for studying it without the use of moving it. The area surrounding SCP-6388-A is now classified as Temporary Site-529.

SCP-6388 has been moved to Site-44 Main Site for the Department of Extraterrestrial Intelligence  for dissection and study.

**Description:** SCP-6388 refers to a sapient humanoid entity with bright green coloration skin, long and thin limbs, a spherical head, and two large black eyes without any pupils. SCP-6388 was found deceased near SCP-6388-A, which is believed to be its vehicle.

SCP-6388-A is the wreckage of an extra-universal spaceship. SCP-6388-A resembles an oval and flat space shuttle and includes two headlights, a round dome made out of an unknown material resembling green glass, and four long-hinged iron rods to hold the ship to the ground. Every attempt to forcefully open SCP-6388-A to access the inside has been inconclusive.

**Addendum-6388.1:** SCP-6388-A is believed to have crashed on 1979/10/08 at night, near a farm in Caddo Mills, Texas. William Miller is believed to be the first to find both anomalies. He was later found by his brother John Miller, the farm owner, with both of his arms dislocated by unknown means.

A Department of Extraterrestrial Intelligence member interviewed John Miller at Temporary Site-529, as William Miller suffered an emotional shock too deep to communicate with him.

**Interviewed:** John Miller

**Interviewer:** Dr. Aurore Kalister

---

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Kalister:** Hello, Mr. Miller.

**Miller:** (*points at the recording device*) This recording? Are you guys going to ask me questions again?

**Dr. Kalister:** Yes and yes. I'm asking you about what happened that night.

**Miller:** ...What d'you want to know?

**Dr. Kalister:** When you first heard the crash, where were you?

**Miller:** I was jus' sleepin' in my lounge room when I heard something passing above our heads and hitting the ground hard close. With a loud "boom" and everything. It even wakes up my brother. I can see something smoking in the middle of our field from the window. William is curious, so he goes out. After about 30 minutes, I'm beginning to wonder what was he doing. I want to go check out for that thing, so I grab my shotgun and jacket, but my wife stops me and tells me that it's too darn dangerous. But my brother is everything, and I want to make sure he is okay. I go check out for that thing.

**Dr. Kalister:** And after that?

**Miller:** After I go out, gun in hand ready to fire, I approach the smoking thing. I approach it, slowly revealing itself to be an alien ship! Round and scary like everything in the comics and movies! But I'm not scared. I just grip my shotgun even harder. I approach the engine, and I found my brother. He is still alive, but both of his arms are atrocious. They were placed mid-air and weirdly twisted, looking like a bike handle. He didn't wanna talk. By any chance, is he okay now?

**Dr. Kalister:** He is treated and is good. Do not worry.

**Miller:** Good, so, while I try to comfort my poor brother, I search for the thing that could have made this. It's only when I look around that I finally see that little green bitch! So I quickly aim at it and shoot it. That bastard didn't have time to react. It was on the ground, sleeping or somethin'. After that, my wife called the police, and now you folks are here.

**Dr. Kalister:** So you killed it?

**Miller:** 'Course I did. It surely didn't move after that.

**Dr. Kalister:** Well, you've said it was already on the ground when you found it, probably sleeping, right?

**Miller:** That's right.

**Dr. Kalister:** Have you, John, considered that the alien was already deceased when you first found it?

**Miller:** I... I *huh*.

 **Dr. Kalister:** Dead, even before you shot it?

**Miller:** ...No that~~ That can't be. Then who did~~

(*A large sound of a huge mass moving quickly and pushing off trees is heard passing close to the tent.*)

**Miller:** What in tarnation was that?!

(*The emergency alarm of the Site rings*)

**Dr. Kalister:** I... I have no idea. Follow me; we'll keep you in a safe place at the moment. This interview is terminated.

**<End Log>**

---

**Closing Statement:** Following the rest of the day, John McMiller was interviewed by Foundation agents and tested to make sure no abnormality affected McMiller. At the same time, SCP-6388 was being dissected by the Department of Extraterrestrial Intelligence specialists at Site-44.

**Addendum-6388.2:** Dissection of SCP-6388 result.

**{{AUTOPSY #41192}}**

{{1979/10/09}}

---

**Subject:** SCP-6388

**Medical Specialist:** Dr. Jonathan Ferb

**Autopsy Notes:** The skin is cold and smooth to the touch. The neck and torso show no signs of injury or trauma, but small bumps are noticed without visible blood on the head and extremities. The eyes seem to be made of a material resembling black glass, and a crack is visible on one of them.

John McMiller's bullet did not pierce the torso cage. Instead, the bullet rebounded onto SCP-6388's body, leaving only a faint impact trace.

Now on to the internal examination. The subject's previous X-rays show several enormous vessels resembling wires possibly transporting blood. No brain or digestive system is present throughout the body; instead, a big mass is seen in the middle of the torso, connecting to all the veins.

A Y incision was first performed on the torso, which was deemed unsuccessful as the scalpel couldn't penetrate the skin. Multiple instruments were used to try and pierce through the skin, but it wasn't until a chainsaw was used that a rough Y incision could be made. No blood or liquid was noticed coming out during the entire dissection.

During the brief internal examination, it was observed that the mass on the X-ray appeared to be a huge metallic organ acting similarly to a heart. All veins are connected to the organ by what seems to be wires and hoses. Said organ couldn't be opened and analyzed at the time due to Incident-6388.1.

**Incident-6388.1:**

The following transcription of events below occurred on 1979/10/08, later at night.

**[BEGIN LOG]**

---

**{{[00:00]}}** The sound of something charging up is reported at Temporary Site-529. No researcher heard the sound; it was later discovered via surveillance camera, but it did not film where the sound came from.

**{{[00:06]}}** The voice of an unknown entity is heard from the camera. The voice is indistinct since it is far away, but it seems to be angry.

**{{[00:18]}}** The sound of a large object moving quickly is heard by a Temporary Site-529 researcher. Agents are sent out.

**{{[00:35]}}** Agents are searching for the sound's source. They find that SCP-6388 has disappeared, leaving behind a hole that the craft dug previously during its impact.

**{{[00:39]}}** Other agents searching around the area discover that a bunch of trees have been destroyed or pushed away by a big moving mass. The ruined trees form a pathway heading towards where Site-44 is located, about 1400 meters away.

**{{[01:00]}}** A level 3 breach is announced, and Site-44 is alerted.

**{{[01:29]}}** The huge moving mass is reported having rushed into the house of John Miller, along with the same for other houses close to this location. Luckily, no one was injured, as most habitants of these houses were moved into Temporary Site-529 for more info about SCP-6388. The unknown entity is believed to be 1000 meters away from Site-44.

**{{[01:38]}}** An anomalous remotely controllable tank utilised by the Foundation for Containment Breach for attacks has been deployed along the pathway to try to stop the moving entity in case it attacks Site-44.

**{{[02:02]}}** A civilian driving on P. Jefferson Road, 700 meters from Site-44, reports having seen a huge moving metallic creature without any recognizable body or head but moving with spider-like legs. The creature emitted light and seemed to be grumbling something.

**{{[02:45]}}** The camera placed on the anomalous tank sent out by Site-41 shows the tank being attacked by the entity, terminating all communication with the vehicle. The entity is only seen in one recording frame but is too blurry to discern it. The tank was 250 meters in front of Site-44 by this time.

**{{[02:54]}}**  All agents scattered around Site-44 are attacking the entity. Firearms did not seem to damage the entity, and it passed through the mob.

**{{[02:59]}}** The entity enters Wing C of Site-44. It reveals itself to be SCP-6388-A, walking with the multiple hinged iron rods and using both headlights to look around the panicked researchers, apparently searching for something. It vocalizes sounds in an indiscernible voice in the [REDACTED] alien language from a panel under the headlights, which was later translated into English by specialists: "WHERE IS MY CAR?!"

**{{[03:04]}}** SCP-6388-A still looks around in Site 44 and moves to Wing B of Site-44. It yells: "I DO ONE CRASH ON A STUPID PLANET AND IT'S POPULATED BY 'INTELLIGENT' SPECIES LOOKING LIKE DECOLORED CARS, WHAT A LUCK!!".

**{{[03:43]}}** It then moves to Wing A, where SCP-6388 is located. It continues to yell: "I HOPE YOU FUCKERS DIDN'T TOUCH MY BABY!"

**{{[04:04]}}** It enters the medical section of Wing A. Finding SCP-6388 with the chest opened, it screams, "NO! NO, YOU DID NOT! WHO?! WHO DID THIS?!" The two headlights then turn in the direction of Dr. Ferb, which did the dissection previously. "YOU!"

**{{[04:10]}}** Two long metal arms with pliers at the tip protrude from holes that have just opened in the side of SCP-6388-A; both pliers grab the researcher from the shoulders and lift him. "YOU WILL PAY FOR WHAT YOU DID! DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW MUCH THESE THINGS COST!? YOU-- FUCK IT. YOU DON'T EVEN UNDERSTAND ANYTHING!" It then throws Dr. Ferb to the other side of the room, knocking him unconscious.

**{{[04:30]}}** SCP-6388-A approaches SCP-6388. More arms with pliers are coming out of holes; some of these arms appear to be holding unknown tools at their tips. They all seem to be healing SCP-6388 by closing the chest wound.

**{{[04:42]}}** Other agents enter the medical room and fire at SCP-6388-A, which still seems to be unaffected. After a moment, it successfully closes the wound of SCP-6388. "GO FUCK ALL OF YOU [insult]Untranslatable, believed to be an insult describing the human race as a whole."

**{{[04:53]}}** The pliers rotate SCP-6388 facedown, then both arms of SCP-6388 are rotated 270 degrees upwards, and the lower part of the arm rotates 220 degrees. Two pliers then hold the arms like a steering wheel while the rest retract back into the body's entity. SCP-6388-A jumps on the back of SCP-6388.

**{{[05:08]}}** SCP-6388-A presses the back of the head of SCP-6388, which then makes a roaring sound and is lifted off the operation table by unknown means. The eyes of SCP-6388 are seen emitting light. It rushes into the nearby wall, going through it and outside. "GOODBYE TO ALL OF YOU FUCKERS! I HOPE I'LL NEVER SEE YOUR STUPID PLANET AGAIN!" SCP-6388-A and SCP-6388 drive up in the sky and then out of Earth. Since this event, they were never seen again.

---

**[END LOG]**

A reclassification of SCP-6388 to Keter and an update to the description of the file is pending.

<< [SCP-6387](SCP-6387) | SCP-6388 | [SCP-6389 ](SCP-6389 ) >>

=====

**Thumbnail**

> **File:** OuterSpace.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6388

> **Filename:** alien.jpg

> **Name:** File:Ufo museum, diyarbakir.jpg

> **Author:** Hedda Gabler

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ufo_museum,_diyarbakir.jpg)

=====
