[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|page=SCP-6154 [!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/dr-tonnes-personnel-file[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments= Inspired by 's original post

]]

<details>
<summary>Happy New Year</summary>

**Item #:** SCP-6154

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** This document is accessible to all personnel displaying no aversion or sensitivity towards minor enchantment incantations.

Such personnel are advised to access SCP-6154 annually on January 1st.

**Description:** SCP-6154 is an annually reoccurring phenomenon affecting this entry via the Foundation database.

If accessed January 1st local time, personnel presently working on-site will instead perceive the message “Happy New Year”, rather than the expected information. This effect continues until refreshing or closing and reopening the document, whereupon the anomaly will cease until next year.

A majority of subjects exposed to SCP-6154 report a satisfactory increase in mood, particularly in personnel expressing anxiety, stress, or overall worries regarding the year ahead.

Since SCP-6154’s creation, motivation and general enthusiasm towards work and personal plans for the future has increased drastically amongst staff. This stimulating effect appears to last until December 31st the same year.

**Discovery Log:** SCP-6154 was discovered following research assistant Dr. Snow’s utilization of the respective SCP slot to convey encouraging words to personnel that had been working over the holidays.

While initially reprimanded for unprofessional behavior, it was later proven that Dr. Snow possessed minor thaumaturgical abilities which activated upon creating SCP-6154. Further study revealed Dr. Snow to test positive for minor anomalous properties via familial inheritance.

Dr. Snow was later returned to their position following a short-term suspension, and SCP-6154 was reclassified as Thaumiel.

</details>

<< [SCP-6153](SCP-6153) | SCP-6154 | [SCP-6155](SCP-6155) >>

> **Filename:** New_Years_Eve_fireworks_Oulu_20111231f.JPG

> **Author:** Estormiz

> **License:** CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:New_Years_Eve_fireworks_Oulu_20111231f.JPG)
