#### SCP-6963

### **It's All Been Wasted Time**

Written by  and 

---

##### ~~ [Check out Jack Waltz's author page](jack-waltz ) ~~

##### ~~ Check out basirskipreader's author page (coming soon) ~~

@@ @@

##grey|**ITEM #:**##

 

**SCP-6963**

 

##grey|**OBJECT CLASS:**##

 

**MEMET**

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6963-2 is to be awakened every 30 minutes and given a 5-minute interval period before being put back to sleep. This routine is to be carried out indefinitely to ensure SCP-6963-1's complete containment is maintained..Memet, an object class indicating the designated anomaly ensures its own containment. SSRIs.Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, a type of antidepressant drug. laced with amnestics are to be made available to SCP-6963-2 upon the conclusion of each SCP-6963-3 iteration.

**Description:** SCP-6963 is the collective designation given to a self-containing system comprised of three anomalous objects -- SCP-6963-1, SCP-6963-2, and SCP-6963-3.

SCP-6963-1 is a cognitoparasitoid entity sustaining itself through the consumption of all information present in the mind of a human being whom it has designated as its host. Affected individuals are universally asymptomatic, complicating SCP-6963-1's capture in the event of a containment breach. Information taken by SCP-6963-1 is encapsulated in a span of approximately 40 minutes, at which point they are instantly absorbed. As a result, the subject will suffer from HMS.Hollow mind syndrome, a condition where there is little to no information present in the human mind. The loss of information pertaining to unconsciously performed biological processes, such as the act of breathing, can be fatal. and consequentially expire. SCP-6963-1 will then transfer itself to the nearest human present in its vicinity. Currently, SCP-6963-1 is contained through the use of SCP-6963-2 and -3.

SCP-6963-2, formerly designated D-11247, is Jaçek Wallens, a human individual whose physiology and psychology have been manipulated through thaumaturgical means to support SCP-6963. SCP-6963-2's lifespan has also been enhanced to sustain SCP-6963 in perpetuity for the near future. SCP-6963-2 does not require any nutrition either, as they are automatically sustained through their modifications. They are the current host of SCP-6963-1.

SCP-6963-3 is an Eden-Mind Type Purgatorial Space, designed, constructed, and maintained by the [Department of Purgatorial Spaces (DoPS)](you-can-check-out-any-time-you-like ). It initiates once SCP-6963-2 has entered REM sleep and provides the entity with a rich source of informational sustenance to remain in a benign state within SCP-6963-2, thus achieving practically complete containment within the vessel. Once SCP-6963-2 leaves REM sleep, SCP-6963-3 will reset and SCP-6963-1's memories of its time within SCP-6963-3 are purged. Logs of SCP-6963-3 are recorded through an O-EEG.Ominiscient-Electroencephalogram, a device capable of reading all aspects of an individual's dream activity once in REM sleep. It saves said outputs as videos in a lossless file format with a transcription describing the events. connected to SCP-6963-2.

**Implementation:** SCP-6963-1 was previously a standalone anomaly (SCP-6963) whose former containment procedures involved the extensive use of D-Class subjects. Due to the expense incurred with the use of this method and the near-limitless number of D-Class personnel required for effective containment, various departments were called upon to devise cheap and effective containment procedures to contain the entity. 

Containment specialists and engineers from the DoPS proposed one of the more cost-efficient solutions to the issue and assembled SCP-6963-3 within D-Class subjects. Each subject was then introduced to SCP-6963-1 to test the proposed containment plan until a functioning vessel was found, that being SCP-6963-2.

An automatically generated transcript of the first successful trial involving SCP-6963 has been attached below.

@@ @@

# ##crimson|att. 1:## @@ @@ Generated O-EEG Transcript

##### PRIOR TO ENTERING REM SLEEP

**Researcher Groch:** Alright, I believe you know what your new designation is?

**SCP-6963-2:** SCP-6963-2?

**Researcher Groch:** Yep. Great. Remember, you are no longer referred to as D-11247. Anyways, we'll be starting with the trial run for this method we've devised to contain -1, and remember, you are the key to this plan. Do not let the Foundation down.

**SCP-6963-2:** Yeah, I understand. I'll try my best... Can I ask a question, though?

**Researcher Groch:** Go ahead.

**SCP-6963-2:** That operation from a few days ago -- what's up with it? I just feel weirdly... unfatigued, if that's the right word?

**Researcher Groch:** That was to prepare you for your new routine. I'm sure you've been told what you're going to do already -- sleep.

**SCP-6963-2:** Is that... really all there is to it? I mean, I really expected a bit more demanding job, yeah? Especially when this thing is dangerous, and all...

**Researcher Groch:** Oh, don't worry, it's nothing too extensive. Once you begin, I'm sure you'll get the hang of everything.

**SCP-6963-2:** I... see.

**Researcher Groch:** Well -- your routine starts now. Lay on the bed, and we'll do the rest.

**SCP-6963-2:** Okay... alright...

*SCP-6963-2 lays on the bed and an incapacitating agent is administered to them. They immediately enter REM sleep due to their thaumaturgic modifications.*

##### 1-10 MINUTES IN REM SLEEP

*SCP-6963-2 appears in SCP-6963-3 as a formless amorphous shape. Nothing exists in the dimension other than them and SCP-6963-1, which too is in an blob-like state. The two, sensing the other's presence, move towards one another, glacially slowly, across the distance between them.*

*After several hundred aeons, 1 millisecond in real-time, both reach one another. SCP-6963-2 and SCP-6963-1 each create a blurry appendage and make contact. The two merge into one being for a momentary minute, then separate back into two different beings. A bond is formed, as they begin to feel and understand the raw textures of each other's consciousness. SCP-6963-3 now begins glowing a golden hue.*

*Both communicate for an indeterminate period, coming into contact with each other and separating again. A hum now fills SCP-6963-3, as a larger variety of light and colour becomes present.*

*Following several presumed epochs, a physical environment begins forming around the two. SCP-6963-3 morphs into a blank sky. The shapes now appear to be gaining form, taking on a more humanoid appearance.*

*Both beings, and the environment around them, continue adapting and growing without cessation.*

##### 15-25 MINUTES IN REM SLEEP

*SCP-6963-2 and SCP-6963-1 each now take on a featureless humanoid form. The two still converse with touch, and watch as a world manifests at their feet, a chunk and a fragment at a time. More details form on SCP-6963-1, SCP-6963-2, and SCP-6963-3's environment with each passing millisecond. The forms jump up and down, presumably in happiness.*

*Both express their awe at the sight and are excited about the world's completion. A large sphere of light forms above, a long distance away, from streams of golden rays. In the moments following its formation, a warm sensation spreads through the two. They embrace the feeling together.*

*The world is now fully formed. SCP-6963-2 touches the grass below their feet. SCP-6963-1 follows suit. Then, they start running. Running over valleys, running over mountains, and running over clouds. However, SCP-6963-2 begins to clutch their stomach. SCP-6963-1 then goes to a nearby tree and plucks a golden fruit -- an apple of an indeterminate cultivar. It gives the apple to SCP-6963-2 who then splits the apple and shares it with SCP-6963-1. After consuming the apple, they start running once more. This cycle repeats over and over and over. When SCP-6963-2 is hungry, SCP-6963-1 gives them food. When SCP-6963-2 is bored, SCP-6963-1 drags it to a place nearby to see the mountains and oceans form, collide, then break, and then form again. They put their ears to the ground, listening to the multitudes of creatures under, on, and over the earth. Each fine blade of grass they walk on wobbles in contentment. Each field of flowers they visit buzz with delight at their presence.*

*This continues for 10 milliseconds in real-time, yet continues for centuries in SCP-6963-3.*

*The fine blades of grass refract under their feet as they start gathering wood. The trees hand out logs as both provide them with love and care. At first, they use these for playtime, akin to children at recess. The earthly scent of the earth smothers their hands as they play, fight, roll around in the mud and dirt, and enjoy what this world has given them.*

*This continues for another 10 milliseconds in real-time, yet goes on for much, much longer in SCP-6963-3.*

*Every aeon they fight, they separate, they come together. This cycle repeats until they too get tired of the fighting and playing. They start gathering wood, although it is notable that SCP-6963-2 does most of the work. One day, SCP-6963-2 sits down with SCP-6963-1. They teach it how to weave, how to harvest, and how to gather water. Each time SCP-6963-1 does something, it cries, only to have, SCP-6963-2 come along and comfort it with hugs and kisses. Over many aeons, SCP-6963-2 teaches SCP-6963-1 basic household chores.*

*This continues for 20 milliseconds in real-time, yet continues for eternity in SCP-6963-3.*

*This cycle repeats for another eternity.*

*Over time, SCP-6963-2 tells SCP-6963-1 the truth about SCP-6963-3, yet they still continue. Chop, weave, cook, churn, sizzle. Each night, SCP-6963-1 creates a dish out of this world, and each day, SCP-6963-2 crafts another thing that piques SCP-6963-1's interest and love for them. Currently, they sit by a fire, as the cool evening winds breeze by their faces. The crying gulls fly above, and the waft of smoky salt drifts through the air.*

*SCP-6963-2 brings their axe down and splits a log in two. SCP-6963-1 yawns as it watches them and throws several of the logs into the fire for it to char.*

**SCP-6963-1:** Let's go, Jaçek. It's getting late now, and you know how much I hate the dark...

*SCP-6963-2 brings the axe down on the log they placed on the stump before answering SCP-6963-1.*

**SCP-6963-2:** Aw, c'mon, there's just this one pile, I'm sure I can finish it up quickly.

*SCP-6963-1 pouts exaggeratedly.*

**SCP-6963-2:** Don't be like that!

*SCP-6963-1 giggles and SCP-6963-2 sighs, though they are smiling while they set another log on the stump and prepare to bring the axe down once more.*

**SCP-6963-2:** Anything for dinner?

**SCP-6963-1:** I'm thinking we go for... something new? A surprise, maybe?

*SCP-6963-1 winks at SCP-6963-2*

**SCP-6963-2:** My tummy's rumbling, hard -- what is it?

**SCP-6963-1:** Now, it wouldn't be a "surprise" if you knew about it now, right?

**SCP-6963-2:** Hah, well, I'll look forward to whatever you're cooking, especially with that look on your face.

*SCP-6963-2, unable to hold it in any further, bursts forth laughing. Due to the noise, the piglet sleeping near SCP-6963-2 wakes up and squeals. It runs towards SCP-6963-1 who takes the animal into its hands and comforts it. The piglet stays curled up in its arms, but doesn't fall back asleep.*

**SCP-6963-1:** Aww,  no... Billy's woken up...

*SCP-6963-1 gently caresses its head. The animal nuzzles its palm and begins dozing off.*

**SCP-6963-1:** He's so cute, isn't he?

*SCP-6963-1 slowly lays it on the grass next to it and prepares to take out the log that was placed in previously when the piglet jumps back on SCP-6963-1. Its left hand enters the fire and is burnt. SCP-6963-1 screams. SCP-6963-2 drops the axe and immediately runs over to SCP-6963-1.*

**SCP-6963-1:** I-it's alright, just a little--

**SCP-6963-2:** Get up! Follow me!

**SCP-6963-1:** Wha--

*SCP-6963-2 picks up the piglet, who is shivering a short distance away, and pulls SCP-6963-1 to a nearby stream. They dunk its hand into the water and rub it. SCP-6963-1 flinches.*

**SCP-6963-1:** Ouch!

**SCP-6963-2:** Lyn, are you okay? Is it bad?

**SCP-6963-1:** No, no, I'm fine. It stings a bit, though.

**SCP-6963-2:** Hmm, I know we had some around here...

*SCP-6963-2 worriedly looks around.*

**SCP-6963-2:** Ah, there!

**SCP-6963-1:** Mhm? Anything you're looking for?

**SCP-6963-2:** Here, get some those.

*SCP-6963-1 picks some herbs lining the sides of the stream with her right hand and gives them to SCP-6963-2.*

**SCP-6963-2:** Alright, now, rub it in like that. Here.

**SCP-6963-1:** Like this?

**SCP-6963-2:** Yeah... yep, perfect. Let's, uh, let's go back, I think we can stop for the night. You should go inside and get a bandage on that. I'll put out the fire and do the rest, okay? Don't try too hard now.

**SCP-6963-1:** Mhm. I'll get the sto--

**SCP-6963-2:** No, no, get some rest. I'll do the cooking. Here, can you take Billy?

**SCP-6963-1:** Yeah, sure.

**SCP-6963-2:** Alright go on. I won't take too long.

*SCP-6963-1 was beginning to say something and stopped halfway. It smiles.*

**SCP-6963-1:** Oh, you worrywart! It's just a small burn!

*SCP-6963-2 smiles too, rubs SCP-6963-1's forehead, and motions to the cottage in the distance with a nod. SCP-6963-1 heads off and SCP-6963-2 stores all the logs and the charred wood. The fire is put out and they jog back to the cottage with the axe.*

##### LAST SECOND IN REM SLEEP

*SCP-6963-1 and SCP-6963-2 stand at the border of SCP-6963-3, watching the orange sunset glow. The smell of the sea at the edge of SCP-6963-3 surrounds both of them as the piglet's squeals disturb the sound of waves battering the beach below. Suddenly, SCP-6963-1 gets up and runs towards the cliff as its soft dress, that smells of buttermilk and blueberries, brushes against SCP-6963-2's face. Its scent permeates SCP-6963-2's face. SCP-6963-2 then stands and walks over the moist and comforting grass that SCP-6963-1 ran over. They sit down, together, its soft hands holding SCP-6963-2's rugged hands after a day's work. SCP-6963-2's throat is dry; they find their voice caught in their throat. They cannot bear to say the truth of this place to SCP-6963-1 once more.*

**SCP-6963-1:** Hey, you seem nervous over there, you okay?

*SCP-6963-2 nervously averts their eyes, and coughs.*

**SCP-6963-2:** Oh, just nothing, don't worry about it.

**SCP-6963-1:** Something's definitely bothering you. Come on, let me hear it out.

*SCP-6963-2 breathes deeply. The salty scent of the sea fills their lungs.*

**SCP-6963-2:** What would happen if...

**SCP-6963-1:** If...?

*Tears form in SCP-6963-2's eyes.*

**SCP-6963-2:** If I... told you...

**SCP-6963-1:** That... you... love me?

**SCP-6963-2:** That... this, all of this... isn't real?

*SCP-6963-1 laughs. This response surprises SCP-6963-2, a confused expression spreads across their face.*

**SCP-6963-1:** And? How many times have we had this conversation? Tens, maybe thousands of times?

**SCP-6963-2:** Lyn... I'm just worried. What if our lives come crashing down? What if this all doesn't matter? What if--

**SCP-6963-1:** Oh, Jaçek, come here, let me tell you a story.

*SCP-6963-1 pulls SCP-6963-2 down, and places their head on its soft lap.*

**SCP-6963-1:** You used to tell me, when working the fields, it's the journey of doing the work that's more important, than the result itself.

**SCP-6963-1:** And while we were together, I've always thought -- why do you think that way? What's in this journey that you find satisfying?

**SCP-6963-1:** You know, for all the people I've known, it was always their experiences that I craved.

**SCP-6963-1:** Yet while here, with you, I experienced a lot of things. Pain. Hunger. Sadness. Happiness. Fulfilment. Love...

**SCP-6963-1:** And I think that this whole time we've been together, the way we would churn butter together, pick out blueberries, run over grass, watch the mountains grow, break, and grow back again, and the multitudes of other tiny, minute actions we would do each day, I think each of them, each thing we do every day, is better than the memories I've ever gotten out of anyone.

**SCP-6963-1:** You've taught me that experiencing these feelings, these emotions, making these memories myself, it's a lot better than taking them.

**SCP-6963-1:** And that, I think, is what makes this all special.

**SCP-6963-1:** So what if this whole world isn't real? My memories, my experiences, all of it, right now, they all tell me that everything I'm feeling right now's real! And so it will be!

*SCP-6963-1 leans in, bit by bit.*

**SCP-6963-1:** And I will never, ever, doubt them.

*SCP-6963-1 swoops in, giving SCP-6963-2 a quick kiss on the lips before quickly getting up. The scent of stew wafted across to them from the cottage.*

**SCP-6963-1:** Oh! Come on, the stew's ready. Your favourite!

*SCP-6963-2, initially flustered, smiles, there are tears in their eyes.*

**SCP-6963-2:** Yeah, heh, you're right. Hey, Billy! Come on! Come on, Billy, come here. Let's go home.

*SCP-6963-2 catches the piglet as it jumps towards them. They walk back towards the cottage, holding each other's hands, with more kisses along the way. However, as SCP-6963-2 walks in, their head starts pounding. It throbbed. Their vision starts to blacken.*

**SCP-6963-1:** Hm? A-are you okay? Jaçek? Are you feeling well? Please, lie down--

##### FOLLOWING EXIT FROM REM SLEEP

**Researcher Groch:** --ew. Hello? SCP-6963-2, are you there? Raise your arm to signal that you are fully conscious.

*SCP-6963-2 groans.*

**SCP-6963-2:** Huh? Wh-where am I?

**Researcher Groch:** Welcome back. You are now in the material world, and it seems this trial run was a success. Congratulations, -2.

**SCP-6963-2:** W-what?

**Researcher Groch:** So, how do you feel. Any adverse effects, other than the grogginess? Oh, yes, let's get your face washed. Get up.

**SCP-6963-2:** B-but... Where... No, I, Lyn...

**Researcher Groch:** My bad. I should've explained some aspects of Purgatorial Spaces to you in a bit more detail, but that experience should've given you some understanding, I hope.

**SCP-6963-2:** Th-that place, I-I was there, wasn't I? All that time... W-wasn't I, wasn't I with...

**Researcher Groch:** *That* was SCP-6963-3, and *it* was SCP-6963-1, the one you are responsible for containing for the foreseeable future.

*SCP-6963-2 does not rise.*

**Researcher Groch:** We don't have much time. -2?

*Groch grabs hold of SCP-6963-2, forcing them to stand, while an assistant is called to bring the amnestic-laced SSRIs.* 

*SCP-6963-2 cries.*

@@ @@

Since the implementation of SCP-6963, SCP-6963-1's containment has been achieved with great efficiency and success. Currently, iteration {{**##white|5,714,329##**}} of SCP-6963-3 is in progress.

@@ @@

---

<< [SCP-6962](SCP-6962) | SCP-6963 | [SCP-6964](SCP-6964) >>

a.collapsible-block-link:not(.licensebox a.collapsible-block-link) {

    background: #141414;

}

.top-left-box > .item {

  display: inline;

}

.header-container {

  display: flex;

  justify-content: flex-end;

  align-items: center;

  flex-wrap: wrap;

  position: relative;

  justify-content: space-around;

  align-content: space-between;

  width: 100%;

  left: 0;

  align-items: flex-start;

  row-gap: 2px;

}

.text-item {

  flex-grow: 1;

  max-width: 25%;

  text-align: center;

}
