]

**Special Containment Procedures:** ##red|**By command of the Overseer Council. Physical contact outside the prevention of an End of World Scenario is strictly forbidden on all accounts. Usage of SCP-6286 will be prohibited unless circumstances are such that complete eradication of human life is guaranteed without intervention.**## SCP-6286 will remain at the Three Shepherds Church indefinitely. Only qualified Foundation staff who are sufficiently adherent to any Abrahamic faith will be allowed any form of interaction with the anomaly. SCP-6286 is stored in a hermetically sealed level 6 containment locker. The code needed for opening the locker will be provided before an End of World event occurs. This will be acknowledged upon instruction from the O5-Council within 24 hours of the 99942 Apophis asteroid impacting the Earth.

**Description:**  ##red|**SCP-6286 is an Arohan Anomaly the Foundation uses to prevent the End of the World.  class Weapon of Mass Salvation.**## SCP-6286 is a white feather. DNA analysis on loose barbs indicates that SCP-6286 does not belong to any avian genus on Earth. Due to the frailty of SCP-6286, it is being encased within its discovery site to prevent any potential damage.

The Foundation sent Agent Naia Arroyo to investigate SCP-6286 as a precautionary measure. While investigating, Agent Arroyo underwent a possession event where she became host to an Abrahamic entity. Agents Hawthorne and Ose were sent to St Peter's Kirk to follow up with Agent Arroyo.

<details>
<summary>Discovery Log</summary>

SCP-6286 was discovered in 1994 by Reverend Benjamin Inglis at St Peter's Kirk, Orkney, Scotland. While walking around the building's exterior, SCP-6286 reportedly "floated down from a clear blue sky."

</details>

@@@@

<details>
<summary> St Peters Kirk Event: 05/08/1994 - Interview 6286/1</summary>

= {{****Interview Log****}}

{{****Foreword:****}} Subject was interviewed inside Three Shepherds Church shortly after the agents arrived.

---

****Start Time**:** 13:27

**Rev. Inglis:** "I showed her too, you know, um, I showed her to the feather. I placed it on a table and then closed the windows so it wouldn't blow away. I left to speak to one of my parishioners, and when I came back, the young lady was floating, you see, maybe, oh I don't know... one foot from the floor, and uh... her voice, it sounded peculiar as if two people were talking an-" 

**Agent Hawthorne:** "... And that's when you fainted?"

**Rev. Inglis:** "Yes, that's correct, but if you had seen such a thing in my position, it would have given you an awful scare."

**Agent Hawthorne:** "I'm sure it would have, anyway, Mr Inglis. How long have you been a member of the cloth?"

**Rev. Inglis:** "Well, as it stands, I have, um, I would say, I think, give or take forty years. Do you need exacts?"

**Agent Hawthorne:** "No, that will do, thank you. Would you say that your faith up to this point has been steadfast? Have you ever been in doubt?"

**Rev. Inglis:** "Well... yes, but haven't we all? I'm sure you have doubts about what you do, Mr Hawthorne. Is this not the case?"

**Agent Hawthorne:** "In a sense, yes, but what I do and what you do are not exactly fair comparisons, are they."

**Rev. Inglis:** "Oh, come now, you would be surprised to know that many similarities can be found in even the most different circumstances."

**Agent Hawthorne:** "You sound like a wise person from a film. Do you often speak like this?"

**Rev. Inglis:** "I understand what you mean, Hawthorne. I am quite the parody, and you are not the first person to tell me this ever."

**Agent Hawthorne:** "If we can just divert a little, what do you think happened with the woman in the other room, the one with the ey-"

**Rev. Inglis:** "The eyes? Well, is there anything I can say? A demon has taken residence in this house of God, a monster. Mr Hawthorne, what would you do if someone covered in eyes entered your home?"

**Agent Hawthorne:** "If it were me, I would probably attack them."

**Rev. Inglis:** "Attack? My dear boy, no, we do not attack. We save. If a denizen from below has captured your friend, then we must save her, no?"

**Agent Hawthorne:** "We plan to leave with Miss Arroyo in one piece. While your help would undoubtedly be invaluable, Reverend, we have our means of sorting this situation."

**Rev. Inglis:** "If you wish, I will not interfere. I trust you and the other young lady know what you are doing?"

**Agent Hawthorne:** "We do indeed, well, Mr Inglis, that concludes this interview. Thank you for your time, and I will be in touch if we need to speak with you again."

**Rev. Inglis:** "That is quite all right. I will not be going anywhere soon, Mr Hawthorne." 

**Agent Hawthorne:** "I suggest having a rest. Goodbye for now."

**Rev. Inglis:** "Quite, good day."

****End Time**:** 14:01

---

= {{****End Log****}}

</details>

@@@@

<details>
<summary> St Peters Kirk Event: 05/08/1994 - Jegudiel Communication/1</summary>

= {{****Interview Log****}}

**Agent Naia Arroyo had adopted the 'Archangel Jegudiel' identity during this exchange.**

---

****Start Time**:** 14:07

**Agent Ose:** "So, who am I speaking to? It's not Naia. Do you mind telling me who you are?"

**Agent Arroyo:** "I am Jegudiel, Archangel upon high and bearer of God's love. Now, may I know who you are?"

**Agent Ose:** "My name is Sanne Ose, and I am an agent for a threat deterrent organisation."

**Agent Arroyo:** "Oh? Threat deterrent? I must say, the Foundation has gone downhill, hasn't it?"

**Agent Ose:** "So you knew? Why bother asking me then?"

**Agent Arroyo:** "Of course, I knew. How could I not? The Foundation is well-known for its particular ways of dealing with those you call D-Class. Oh yes, we see many crossing our threshold... too many, and I wanted to see if you would lie to me."

**Agent Ose:** "That's not all of us. We don't all hurt people, but we have to do the things we do. We d-"

**Agent Arroyo:** "We die in the dark so you can live in the light. Yes, yes. I've heard all this before, countless times. The Foundation fails to realise that you are not God, and regardless of what your O5 Council wishes to think, this will never be the case."

**Agent Ose:** "Okay, what do you want to hear? I'm sorry?"

**Agent Arroyo:** "Oh, how wonderful, you're sorry, that's just marvellous, right? So many people have died horrific and tragic deaths, and you are sorry. You, Sanne Ose, have completely redeemed the entire Foundation. Good on you. Would you like a medal?" 

**Agent Ose:** "Anyway...  The feather, do you know anything about it?" 

**Agent Arroyo:** "I do. That feather is one of mine, and as much displeasure it brings me, a gift for you to use, and I don't mind if you call it an SCP. I am beyond the contentions of your act of labelling."

**Agent Ose:** "A gift? And why should we accept? Any good reason?"

**Agent Arroyo:** "I see my mistake. I should not have called it a gift. No, I should have called it a lifeline. Hmm, yes, that is a much better way of putting it."

**Agent Ose:** "So this feather is supposed to be a lifeline for what exactly? Is this supposed to be a threat?"

**Agent Arroyo:** "I am the vessel of divine love. I do not make threats. This is a warning that the human race will experience something catastrophic. When this event happens, you will have but one recourse."

**Agent Ose:** "So this little feather is supposed to save us all from certain death?"

**Agent Arroyo:** "To be blunt about it, yes it is, and yes it will, as this feather was a part of me, so is it I, the love of God is in this feather, and God's love will protect you all. If I had my way, I would see the Foundation wiped off the face of the Earth. Fortunately, we are forbidden from doing such things. Take it."

**Agent Ose:** "Giving us a means of protecting ourselves is all good, but it's pretty useless without knowledge on how to use it. How would you suppose we use a feather to save humanity."

**Agent Arroyo:** "Thank you. I was getting to that. When the time comes for you to save your kind, all you need to do is release my feather into the air, and the winds will bring it back to me, and when I have it, I will assure your survival."

**Agent Ose:** "I see one tiny flaw with your instruction. What if you don't get your feather in time? Will we perish?"

**Agent Arroyo:** "I shouldn't worry about that. Being of a divine nature allows us many advantages. You will all be fine if you follow what I said."

**Agent Ose:** "Okay, wait, hang on, if you can do all this, why not just stop it yourself?"

**Agent Arroyo:** "Let me put it this way: I might be the bearer of God's love, but I do not have any love for you, and since the Foundation loves so much to pretend it, God, consider this your one true chance to play the part."

****End Time**:** 14:44

---

= {{****End Log****}}

</details>

**Addendum:** Agent Naia Arroyo made a full physical recovery after undergoing possession but does not seem to remember the St Peter's Kirk incident in any capacity. Further signs of lingering effects are present but do not seem harmful. Occasionally, from 5-30, multiple eyes will manifest unsystematically on Naia's body. They will observe their surroundings, demonstrating full autonomy. It is not yet known if Agent Arroyo is still harbouring Jegudiel. Agent Arroyo has otherwise been confirmed to be able to work. Still, due to the anomalous effects, she will be temporarily re-allocated to a new job role until the eyes cease manifestation.

**Instruction of Use:** Following O5 notification and sending the locker code, Containment Lead Alice Van Roy will proceed outside with SCP-6286 and let the winds carry SCP-6286, to which it will travel skywards. After this, the Three Shepherds Church will cease all Foundation level functionality.

##red| **The information in this document is for clearance level 6 staff, or O5 selected individuals only. Failure to comply will result in immediate disciplinary action.**##

<details>
<summary>Jegudiel Activation Event/6286 [Yasmins Log].</summary>

= BEGIN LOG

---

****Date and Time:** 06/06/2022 - 16:00**

****Location:** Gibraltar, The Rock**

"This is  Senior Field Agent Yasmin Dada reporting for my holiday, I guess, and I thought I would be worked down to my bare bones here. I guess I will keep tabs on my break for posteriority's sake. So first on my itinerary are a guided tour, a dolphin-watching cruise, and a look around a museum. Well, I guess that's it for now, but I'll keep you posted. Who am I kidding? No one else is going to listen to this. Oh well, laters!"

****Date and Time:** 07/06/2022 - 8:59**

"Ugh...It is literally, like..." *Turns to look at the clock.* "It is nine in the morning, and I swear it's five hundred degrees outside..." *Checks her Phone.* "Well, twenty-two, but who's counting, not me, that's for damn sure... god, um, okay, so I'm going to make myself presentable, I guess, I dunno, be back in thirty minutes or something..."

 

"So, apparently, the showers, boiling or freezing cold, that's your two options; fantastic, well that is already one thing I miss about Site-70; at least we have working showers." *Silence for ten minutes.* "Just meeting up with a walking tour now, where- is that a monkey? ... anyway, since Gibraltar is so small, we can cover most of the peninsula before the end of the da... I thought it was! ... sorry, what's it doing in the middle of the city? This might be the tour, I think?"

"It was indeed the tour; some nice folks and the tour guides were pretty. You didn't hear it from me, though, and I'll return when something happens. See you." 

"Whew, I can't remember ever wa-walking this much before, jeez.... yeah yeah, hang on, I'm coming...so, apparently Gibraltar's Location has, sh-... has made it one of the most densely populated cities in Europe... oh god, stop... I need a rest.." *Stumbles onto an empty bench, leaning back against a wall.* "Fine, just go and leave me.... not like I care..." *Two minutes of Silence.* "Considering what I do for a living, I'm surprised I'm not fitter; I need to hit the gym more, I think... well, that's time I'm not getting back."

****Date and Time:** 08/06/2022 - 13:00**

"One Pilot Whale, check... three Striped Dolphin, check... and four Bottlenose Dolphin, check... five Bottlenose Dolphin, double check. I must say, all in all, I am shocked by my luck. Going back and forth from either side of the boat, I have seen different animals and dolphins each time. I also discovered that Pilot Whales are also Dolphins and Orcas, and I did not know that. My time at Site-70 is kept rather dry. Shame. I might request some maritime work when I get back."

*Gripping onto the boat railing and looking into the water.* "Oh god...I think... I think I'm" *5 minutes of Silence.* "Ha ha~ Yeah, I'm fine, thank you, just a bit seasick, no, really, I'm good~" *Pulls herself away from the side and slumps back against the railings.* "Agghh, so embarrassing. Now, there is certainly no way I'm letting anyone else hear this. How long will it be until we hit land again? Thirty minutes? Oh, goody..."

"Okay, so I am feeling much better. I just got ice cream and a cinnamon roll. I felt like death warmed up on that boat; as soon as the dolphins stopped jumping, I took notice of the water and the moving of the boat. I won't be doing that again, but it was fun. I can't complain; it's not too much anyway. Hmm. Checks schedule.* "Ahh, okay, so it is the museum tomorrow. Awesome. After that, I think I will relax at the pool or the beach. I met a nice couple during ping pong, might hang around with them, he, well that's me done for the day, I'm..*Takes another bite of her ice cream.// "Ahm gonna hedge bach to da ho mel, see ya!"

****Date and Time:** 09/06/2022 - 14:30**

**Agent Dada:** "Hey again, it's pretty neat just inside the Gibraltar National Museum. There's a room with a scale model of The Rock."

*The sounds of people panicking are heard in the background. Yasmin runs outside to an empty street with abandoned cars as she looks at the sky.*

**Agent Dada:** "Director, this is Agent Dada reporting from Gibraltar; an asteroid is about to impact the Earth."

**Director Phillips:** "Everything is under control, Agent Dada, please stand by and keep calm"

**Agent Dada:** "Okay, Director, I hope you're right..."

*Yasmin clutches the cross around her neck and kisses it.*

"God, please, please save us..."

*Golden light pours forth from the sky and paints the ground and cars a warm hue.*

"Huh! What..."

*The light continues to increase, getting brighter and denser.*

"It... It can't be... can it... Is this happening?"

*The asteroid is enveloped entirely in gold light.*

"Are we saved?"

*The light dissipates after seven seconds.*

"Thank you... it's beautiful."

</details>

@@@@

<< [SCP-6285](SCP-6285) | SCP-6286 | [SCP-6287](SCP-6287) >>
