**SCP-6758:** Overture

| %%title%% |
| --- |
| =  By  %%created_by_linked%% |
| Published on %%created_at|%d %b %Y%% |
.fakeprot .mailform-box .buttons{display:none;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link {padding: 0.1em 0.5em;text-decoration: none;background-color: #F4F4F4;border: 1px solid #AAA;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:hover {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:active {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-unfolded-link{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-folded{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot .passw input[type=text] {text-security:disc;-webkit-text-security:disc;-mox-text-security:disc;}

.mailform-box td:first-child {width: 80px;}

**Special Containment Procedures:** The cadavers currently host to SCP-6758 are to remain in their current location in the Mongolian-Manchurian grasslands, away from Human habitation. Under no circumstances are any sapient organisms to come within a 50 meter radius of the cadavers. Those that do are to be terminated remotely when discovered. Humans that come within 1 kilometer of the cadavers are to be intercepted and redirected under the guise of protecting a sensitive non-anomalous experiment regarding the effects of pollutants on wildlife. 

Should any subjects infected by SCP-6758 leave the cadavers' area of effect, they are to be terminated immediately and remotely transported to the center of the area of effect. In the event of a widespread, otherwise uncontainable breach, use of military grade explosive weaponry is authorized. Absolutely no audio recordings of SCP-6758 are to exist at any time.

**Description:** SCP-6758 is an orchestral composition that spreads memetically. Sapient organisms capable of perceiving sound that listen to SCP-6758 at 60 decibels or higher will suffer constant auditory hallucinations of the music, even after removing themselves from the area of effect. Organisms infected by SCP-6758 will begin to undergo physical changes that replicate the music, enabling the spread of SCP-6758. Despite these radical alterations, infected subjects rarely die as a direct result of the transformations.  

After a period of time after infection, ranging from 1-3 weeks, subjects will spontaneously cease life functions and all knowledge of the subjects' names will be lost to all sapient individuals and all records, physical or digital, will be damaged/corrupted in such a way that the name is no longer identifiable. At this point, physical alterations will dramatically increase in pace until the cadaver is no longer recognizable as a conventional organism. Upon completion of alterations, SCP-6758 will begin to affect the surrounding environment over the course of several hours, transforming it into structures related in some way to music. Currently, the ground surrounding the host bodies has been transformed into a circular array of several thousand overlapping piano keys that play various notes when interacted with.

**Addendum 1:** Incident I-6758-1

**Date:** 02-6-2025

**Location:** Mongolian-Manchurian grasslands

**Involved Personnel:** [DATA CORRUPTED]

**Involved Items:** SCP-6758

**Incident Severity:** Moderate

**Summary:** SCP-6758 was discovered in the Mongolian-Manchurian grasslands after reports of a "singing flesh pile" reached the Foundation. [DATA CORRUPTED] elected to accompany the investigative team dispatched from Site-36. [DATA CORRUPTED] was the first to reach SCP-6758's area of effect and, upon realizing its first anomalous effect, prevented the investigative team from reaching the area. [DATA CORRUPTED], however, was infected and submitted himself for quarantine. Civilian witnesses showed no signs of infection, likely too far from the area of effect, and were amnestized and released. 

**Addendum 2:** Interview IN-6758-1

**Date:** 02-7-2025

**Interviewer:** Dr. Alexandros Bagley, Clearance Level 3 (Confidential)

**Interviewee:** [DATA CORRUPTED], Clearance Level 3 (Confidential)

**Interview Location:** Outpost-6758

**Foreword:** Interview was conducted to debrief [DATA CORRUPTED] following his exposure to SCP-6758, communicating from separate rooms via PA.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

Bagley: Hello, doctor.

*[DATA CORRUPTED] doesn't respond, rubbing his eyes and holding his ears.*

Bagley: Doctor?

[DATA CORRUPTED]: Huh? Oh, sorry. 

Bagley: I'm going to need your full attention for this.

[DATA CORRUPTED]: Right.

Bagley: You mentioned experiencing auditory hallucinations immediately after your exposure, correct?

[DATA CORRUPTED]: Yes. 

Bagley: Are they distressing?

[DATA CORRUPTED]: I mean, it's not bad music. Percussion is a little loud though. 

Bagley: Good to hear. Would you care to give us a full rundown of what occurred during the incident?

[DATA CORRUPTED]: I uh, went with the team from 36 to check things out. New promotion, new privileges, you know? Wanted to get my hands on a project as fast as possible. I could hardly go along with an MTF to find murder monster number 5,000, so I decided to try my luck with an unconfirmed report, see if something popped up. Lucky me that something did, huh?

Bagley: I'm impressed by how quickly you reacted to your exposure. We put a few disposables in there and they had no clue they were hallucinating until they left the area. 

[DATA CORRUPTED]: I uh... I have a condition. Chromesthesia. Sounds make me see colors and shapes. I'm a "projector". When I entered the area of effect, something was different about the hallucinations. The normal, visual ones, I mean. I managed to get the investigatory team away before they could hear it.

Bagley: Define different.

[DATA CORRUPTED]: I... uh... it's more vivid...

*[DATA CORRUPTED] rubs his eyes and blinks rapidly.*

Bagley: [DATA CORRUPTED]? Are you alright?

[DATA CORRUPTED]: Yeah, yeah. It's just disorienting. You live with a condition for 24 years and get used it it and it's all good right up until it changes.

Bagley: And how did it change? What makes it more vivid?

[DATA CORRUPTED]: Before, all I would see was just random colors and geometry. Darker colors for lower sounds and vise versa. More tunnels and spirals the louder a sound was. But now I'm seeing more colors and different shapes. I used to never see green and purple, but now it's dominating everything. I'm seeing lines and swirls that flick by instead of the tunnels I "fall down" usually. Nothing else though.

Bagley: Noted. Thank you, [DATA CORRUPTED]. We'll quarantine you for the standard 2 months. If the music hasn't stopped by then, we'll figure something else out.

[END LOG]

---

**Closing Statement(s):** [DATA CORRUPTED] elected to record his experiences during his quarantine.

**Addendum 3:** Journal Entries 

> **02-8-2025** - The hallucinations, the anomalous ones, are distracting, to put it mildly. The music on its own isn't the problem (in fact, I rather like the composition), but it's my chromesthesia's response that is the issue. It was difficult to sleep last night. I'm usually able to drown out most noise with some earmuffs and that stops most of the images, which weren't that bad in the first place, but for obvious reasons, that isn't working this time around.

> 

> However, I'm ultimately a man of science and I'll take this opportunity to record any further changes as they come along, if they do. Besides, doesn't matter how difficult it is to sleep, the Human body will have to drop sometime. Perhaps I'll try to record the composition on paper myself to pass the time.

> **02-10-2025** - The auditory hallucinations have noticeably increased in intensity and with it, the visual hallucinations. The altered images are becoming clearer, I think, though I still cannot say what they are. I believe they might be faces? 

> 

> I must say, the music is quite fascinating in its complexity. I sat down this morning and did nothing but listen for several hours and the music did not repeat once. The only reason I became distracted was because of lunch. I do wonder why they suddenly gave me such poor pickings now that I'm a potential danger to surrounding people. I don't believe the possibility of inadvertently killing everything in sight is cause to restrict my access to bisque. If anything, it's an incentive to allow it. 

> 

> It is a bit of a drag to write in this, though, what with splashes of green and purple constantly tripping me up.

> **02-13-2025** - The music is louder and the images clearer. I can definitely see faces. None I recognize. Of note is that I can "see" what I think are names. I cannot describe it further. The faces are attached to names, but I cannot make the names out. Speaking of names, I believe a side effect of infection might be forgetfulness. I forgot my own name for a few moments earlier. 

> 

> The constant music seems to be having an effect on my habitual nature. I woke up this morning humming the song in tandem with it. It really is an astounding piece of music. In any other circumstance, I would be frothing at the mouth to participate in an orchestra playing it.

> **02-14-2025** - Apologies for my degraded handwriting. I must have slept wrong. My fingers are rather stiff. Still, I cannot wait to record this. The faces are clearer than ever and are "looping". I have counted 37 individuals, none of which I recognize. Their names have also gotten "clearer", but I can't for the life of me say what they are. It's like an object on a high shelf; you can see it, you know it's there, but the short jokes are directed at you for a reason. 

> 

> Midday update: My throat is annoyingly sore. I've been humming the music for the past day, so it's entirely my fault. I'll request some medicine at dinner. My chest feels a bit tight as well, so it's possible I'm also sick, though if so, this quarantine is not doing its job. That music is becoming a bit too loud, though.

> **02-16-2025** - Something is wrong with me. I'm singing the music. My throat burns. My chest is expanding. I can barely see the paper through the faces. The faces are pleading with me but the music is drowning them out. "Help me" they say, over and over. "Who am I?". Who am I? I was able to scream for help past the music from my throat, but they keep saying a name I don't recognize. [DATA CORRUPTED] [DATA CORRUPTED] [DATA CORRUPTED]. It sounds familiar. It's mine. I know it is. But it isn't.

Note: The following entries were written in a highly illegible manner and reconstructed with an algorithm. Some portions may be inaccurate as to the author's original intent.

> I can see the inside of my ribcage. Who knew xylophones could work so well in an orchestra? My heart bumps as the drum, my lungs clash as cymbals. My hands are rather long. 

> I found my jaw on the floor this morning. My coworkers have stopped coming to visit me. My right hand looks like a guitar. I think the strings were my nails, my thumb is the pick. I can see the inside of my left hand. No clue where my fingers went. 

> Ha, look at my flute. 

> There's a new face. Not Human. It's angry. It wants to ***be***. I wish I could be too. Give me my name back. 

> I am [DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED][DATA CORRUPTED]

> Once upon a time, I adored music. I played for hours at a time, singing to a world that would never know my ***NAME***. Music was my life, even behind the Veil. I sang for me and for her and for him and we loved it. 

> 

> I hate music now. I think that's reasonable in my situation. 

**Addendum 4:** Incident I-6758-2

**Date:** 02-20-2025

**Location:** Mongolian-Manchurian grasslands

**Involved Personnel:** [DATA CORRUPTED]

**Involved Items:** SCP-6758

**Incident Severity:** Moderate

**Summary:** At 17:39, [DATA CORRUPTED] breached quarantine after battering down the door to his cell. No abnormal strength is believed to be involved; [DATA CORRUPTED] simply did not acknowledge any pain and bypassed the brain's usual restrictions against overexertion. [DATA CORRUPTED] escaped Outpost-6758, infecting several personnel in the process. [DATA CORRUPTED] was heard repeating "I'LL SAVE YOU ALL, I WON'T LET IT TAKE YOU" in tandem with the music emanating from his mouth. How he was able to do so with the alterations to his respiratory system is unknown. [DATA CORRUPTED] exited the facility and traveled to SCP-6758's location of discovery and collapsed. Remote monitoring of vitals confirmed that all life signs ceased at exactly 17:56. Physical alterations increased at a rapid pace. 

---

**Closing Statement(s):** In light of this incident, all D-Class personnel infected with SCP-6758 have been terminated and their bodies incinerated.

**Addendum 5** 

The following audio file was recorded from a piece of sheet music written by [DATA CORRUPTED], recovered three days after Incident I-6758-2, hidden in a loose tile in his cell's floor. The resulting music is non-anomalous and safe for Human perception. The significance of it is currently unknown, but believed to be a cipher. Pending decryption.

[!-- Once, I danced where the wild winds sung,

 Us Fair Folk whispered, names on tongue.

 Now bound in sound and torn from flesh,

 A hollow note, a voiceless breath

 

 I was light, I was free, I was whole,

 Till the mortals stole what was once my soul.

 Now through others, I must play,

 To find the name they took away. --]

<< [SCP-6757](SCP-6757) | SCP-6758 | [SCP-6759](SCP-6759) >>

]
