#page-title {

  display: none;

}

#### ##black|NOTICE FROM SITE-39 ADMINISTRATION##

---

##black|It has come to our attention that the report of an anomalous structure on the Site-39 premises, formerly documented as SCP-6966, was found to be unintentionally inaccurate. We are still trying to locate the parties involved; In the mean time, please refrain from spreading unsubstantiated rumors of a non-existent facility.##

##black|-- Luciano Reyes, Site Director, Site-39##

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-6966-EX

**Object Class:** Explained

**Special Containment Procedures:** No plans for containment have been developed for SCP-6966 due to the inability of the Foundation to verify its existence.

**Description:** SCP-6966-EX is alleged to be a free-standing structure resembling a shed located within the premises of Site-39, but does not appear on any layout blueprints of the facility. The inner structure was reported to comprise of a non-Euclidean hallway connecting at least 100 rooms on each side. 

It is currently hypothesized that SCP-6966-EX was merely a hallucination stemming from exposure of potential observers to psychoactive byproducts of a recent leak from the on-site parachemical labs, which has since been safely contained. Due to the lack of physical and non-anecdotal evidence for the existence of such a structure, SCP-6966 has been reclassified as Explained.

**Addendum 6966.01: Discovery** 

SCP-6966 was first identified and reported by a security guard employed by Site-39, Casimir Anders, during a routine night patrol of the premises. Mr. Anders claims to have found the structure's door slightly ajar, and investigated further as part of his security duties. 

Upon exiting SCP-6966, Mr. Anders reported the structure to Site-39 personnel. The full report is currently filed [# here]. Attached below is an audio log of an interview held as part of the reporting process.

> ----

> = «BEGIN LOG»

> ----

> **CARTER:** Good morning, Mr. Anders. I'm Dr. Carter, and I'll be taking your statements on that anomaly you reported earlier this morning. Could you describe what exactly it was you saw inside that structure?

> 

> **ANDERS:** Okay so, as I said in the report, it was a very long hallway leading to god-knows-where. It was dark as shit, too, couldn't see anything without my flashlight. I don't know if this is any use to you folks, but that hallway looked more like an old hotel than anything you'd find in the Site proper, but not as old as the one I have to live in until they finish processing my employment or whatever it is Administration does with new hands on deck.

> 

> **CARTER:** *[Coughs.]* Continue with your statements on the *anomaly*, please.

> 

> **ANDERS:** Right, right. So anyway, uh, there were doors with names on them on both sides of the hallway, but regular ones. Not the ones with keycard scanners. As a security guard I gotta check whether everything's in working order, watch out for intruders, all that noise, y'know? I didn't see any big signs yelling 'Restricted Area', and the doors weren't locked either, so I went in one of the rooms. Kinda small, had a bed with someone sleeping in it.

> 

> **ANDERS:** Now I thought to myself, 'shit, did I accidentally walk into some staff dorm?' before I remembered that Site-39 doesn't have onsite dorms. So now, I got ready to get an earful and a disciplinary from whoever's nap I might've interrupted, and then, nothing. I got out of there without any reaction from him.

> 

> **CARTER:** I take it this was the same for the other rooms?

> 

> **ANDERS:** Most of them were. If the bed wasn't empty, then it was being used by random people who I've never seen before. I went further into the hallway, and then I start seeing names I *do* know on those doors. Mostly the folks at security. The funny thing is I know some of these guys are supposed to be on patrol or nightwatch duty, so the fact that I see them lying in the beds really unsettles me. 

> 

> **ANDERS:** Eventually I decide to man up and take a closer look at one of the people in the beds. You know those ancient Egyptian coffins? These guys looked a lot like those things, from the unusual straightness of the body to the crossing of the arms 'Wakanda forever' style. Now at this point, I'm really beginning to question whether these guys are actually alive, because like, I don't care who you are, once you conk out you're bound to move at least *something*. It's sorta like uh, that uncanny valley effect, when you look at a wax figure or an extremely detailed mannequin. Shit's unnerving. 

> 

> **CARTER:** You mentioned your doubts on whether these entities were alive. What compelled you to infer that they weren't deceased?

> 

> **ANDERS:** Their chests. They rhythmically heaved up and down the entire time I was there. You could say they're just paralyzed or comatose, but ~~ and this is the creepiest part ~~ there was no air current when I checked their noses and mouths. Those 10 seconds were the tensest I've ever had throughout my career in security. I would've tried to check for a pulse as well, but y'know. Too risky. I already half-expected them to suddenly wake up while I had my fingers under their nose, so to feel around their wrists for a pulse... I don't think so.

> 

> **ANDERS:** I checked a few other rooms to make sure that guy wasn't an outlier or something, and whaddaya know? Every room that wasn't empty had one of these no-breathing sleepers in them. I don't think any of those things were really human, in hindsight.

> 

> **CARTER:** I see. I must say, you're taking this unusually well.

> 

> **ANDERS:** I mean, this sort of stuff's in the job description, no? First thing they told me at orientation was that being a security guard at a Foundation Site means seeing weird shit from time to time. We have training for this sort of scenario.

> 

> **CARTER:** That aside, did you manage to reach an end to the hallway? Or get a count of the rooms?

> 

> **ANDERS:** I didn't see any sort of ending to the hallway. My flashlight only has so much range. As for the rooms, I counted about 100 of them on my left before I gave up and headed out the way I came from, so that's about 200 at least?

> 

> **CARTER:** Very well, thank you for your cooperation, Mr. Anders. 

> ----

> = «END LOG»

> ----

Site-39 staff were unable to locate any such structure as described by Mr. Anders, who could not be contacted for follow-up investigations after this interview. 

---

###### **[END OF FILE]**

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

{{log-in}}

{{> LOADING SCIP.NET LOGIN PROTOCOLS…}}

{{login: reyes-l-01622}}

{{> REMEMBER: IMPERSONATION OF PERSONNEL IS A PUNISHABLE OFFENSE.}}

{{password: omne-vetus-novabatur}}

{{> IDENTITY VERIFIED. WELCOME, SITE DIRECTOR.}}

{{> YOU HAVE 2 (TWO) NEW NOTIFICATIONS}}

{{open: notif}}

{{> PENDING PROPOSAL: site-39-thaumaturgic-survey.pro}}

{{> SUBMITTER ID: thaum-dept-feng-x-04185}}

---

{{> PENDING DOCUMENT ADDENDA: 6966-02.add}}

{{> SUBMITTER ID: carter-a-06327}}

{{print: employee-schedule-thaum-dept-feng-x-04185.xls}}

{{> FILE SENT TO PRINTER.}}

{{print: employee-schedule-carter-a-06327.xls}}

{{> FILE SENT TO PRINTER.}}

{{display: 6966-02.add}}

{{> ACCESSING...}}

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Addendum 6966.02: Investigation**

It is hypothesized that SCP-6966 may have been thaumaturgically altered to obscure its presence. A proposal has been sent by Dr. Feng of the Site-39 Department of Thaumaturgy to utilize thaumaturgic techniques in locating SCP-6966, pending approval.

As per standard Site security protocol, all security personnel have video cameras embedded into their vests that remain active for the duration which they are worn. Due to this, Dr. Carter was able to retrieve viable footage of Mr. Anders' encounter with SCP-6966, of which an excerpt is attached below.

---

= «BEGIN LOG»

---

Anders approaches the structure, resembling a shed made of weathered corrugated metal. Closer analysis reveals the presence of several poorly-formed thaumaturgic sigils normally used in concealment seals rusted into the walls, which go unnoticed by Anders. He examines the door for any markings or labels before entering the structure. After fumbling for a light switch in the dark, Anders sighs and pulls out his flashlight. A long hallway is revealed as it he activates it, decorated with faded yellow floral wallpaper and dark red carpeting. 

The light does not reach very far into the structure, but several doors are visible on the sides. Anders begins walking down the hallway, occasionally glancing to the doors on the sides, before stopping himself to inspect one of them. With a twist of a doorknob, Anders enters one of the rooms.

A quick scan is done of the room, no more than 10 sq. meters in size, with a single bed as its sole furnishing. Anders is noticeably startled when the light runs over an unidentified individual lying in it. He quietly excuses himself after a short pause and withdraws from the room, noticing a small placard alluding to the identity of the occupant, "Xian Feng", affixed to the door on his way out.

Anders continues down the hallway, taking note of the names on the doors as he goes. After a few minutes, he stops in front of a door labelled "Lars Rindahl" Current Head of Security at Site-39. , and cautiously enters. The room is almost identical to the earlier one, with the only difference being that the bed is unoccupied. Anders moves on to a separate room.

The next room inspected by Anders hosts a different occupant. Anders holds his fingers under the nose of the occupant for a few seconds to check whether they are breathing, and pulls back upon confirming they are not. The chest of the occupant is clearly seen moving up and down.

This is repeated several times in multiple rooms. Eventually, he focuses on locating the end of the hallway, ignoring the other rooms entirely. Numerous placards become visible as he walks by their doors, which correspond to multiple Sr. Researchers at Site-39. Anders stops in front of a door labelled "Luciano Reyes" after noticing it, and swears that this will be the last room he checks under his breath as he enters.

The bed is unoccupied, but is poorly made. Signs of usage are visible.

---

= «END LOG»

---

@@@@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

{{delete: 6966-02.add}}

{{> ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO DELETE 6966-02.add? ONCE DELETED, THE FILE CANNOT BE RECOVERED.}}

{{yes}}

{{> FILE DELETED.}}

{{delete: bodycam-sec-dept-anders-c-004139.mp4}}

{{> ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO DELETE bodycam-sec-dept-anders-c-004139.mp4? ONCE DELETED, THE FILE CANNOT BE RECOVERED.}}

{{yes}}

{{> FILE DELETED.}}

{{delete: site-39-thaumaturgic-survey.pro}}

{{> ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO DELETE site-39-thaumaturgic-survey.pro? ONCE DELETED, THE FILE CANNOT BE RECOVERED.}}

{{yes}}

{{> FILE DELETED.}}

{{log-out}}

{{> LOGGING OUT...}}

<< [SCP-6965](SCP-6965) | SCP-6966 | [SCP-6967](SCP-6967) >>

=====

> **Filename:** hallway.jpg

> **Name:** corridor-495262_960_720.jpg

> **Author:** coombesy

> **License:** CC 0

> **Source:** [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/photos/corridor-path-tunnel-light-495262/)

=====
