]

**Item #:** SCP-6285

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** A disinformation campaign targeting the White Cliffs of Dover is to be undertaken by Foundation officials embedded within geological agencies and news organisations; the public explanation for the cliff face erosion is that the cliffs are struggling under hydraulic erosion. Public health guidance is also to advise a 500m exclusion zone to the sea-facing edge of the cliffs under reasoning of risk of rock fall and rough waters.

Damage to the White Cliffs of Dover is to be repaired by filling the holes with facsimile material.Currently, the Foundation is using resin modified glass ionomer cement, however research is on-going into other possible materials. Discolouration is to be treated by bleaching with hydrogen peroxide. 

**Description:** SCP-6285 is an anomalous population of *Streptococcus mutans* and *Lactobacillus* bacteria. SCP-6285 is not found in a host's saliva, rather the primary habitat of SCP-6285 is in high-salinity droplets on the White Cliffs of Dover in South East England and in the surrounding sea, although small populations have been found on other coastline cliff ranges. SCP-6285 instances additionally contain elevated levels of uranium-235; these have allowed Foundation scientists to date SCP-6285 instances as far back as 3.5 billion years.

SCP-6285 instances feed on various flora and fauna found on the cliffs and in the surrounding area. During the feeding process, they ferment the sugars found within their food, a process which releases large amounts of lactic acid. This results in the gradual, but significant, erosion of the cliff face. Over a year, this amounts to approximately 22 cm to 30 cm of erosion, typically concentrated in small areas.This rate has been accelerating in recent years.

**Addendum-6285-001:** On 7/12/2021, a diving team researching undersea geology discovered previously undocumented undersea cliffs just off the French coast in the English Channel. Upon further investigation, multiple populations of SCP-6285 were found residing on the cliff face. Additionally, the cliff line was approximately the same shape and size as the White Cliffs of Dover.

**Addendum-6285-002:** Between 20/10/2022 and 8/6/2023, Foundation teams noticed increased concentrations of SCP-6285 instances in an area of around 300m x 110m location along the White Cliffs of Dover, approximately 5km from the western-most end of the cliffs. Additionally, increased discolouration and erosion of the cliffs was noted, up to a rate of 5m a year. Foundation efforts to halt this were ineffective. 

On the 27/9/2023, an earthquake measuring 7M,,w,, was detected in the English Channel. An evacuation of both the English and French coasts along the channel was conducted, and subsequently, a tsunami wave measuring 20m high hit both coasts. Estimated death toll was 5,000 across both coastlines, with a further 60,000 injured.

Upon the return of Foundation officials to the White Cliffs of Dover, the previously mentioned section with increased erosion had been entirely removed.

**Addendum-6285-003:** On 10/01/2024, a Foundation research ship working on SCP-6285 in the English Channel disappeared from radar and contact was lost. Simultaneously, an earthquake measuring 9M,,w,, was detected in the English Channel.Estimated death toll was 8,000 across both coastlines, with a further 100,000 injured. Eyewitnesses on the coast claimed that the Channel appeared to "vanish" for a moment, meanwhile a number of ship workers in the Channel at the time claimed to witness a momentary blackout of the sky.Investigations into possible psychoactive effects of SCP-6285 are ongoing. Searches for the lost ship are ongoing.

<< [SCP-6284](SCP-6284) | SCP-6285 | [SCP-6286](SCP-6286) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Streptococcus_mutans_01

> **Author:** Dominic Byrd-McDevitt

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Streptococcus_mutans_01.jpg

=====

> **Filename:** white_cliffs.jpg

> **Name:** White Cliffs of Dover 07

> **Author:** Immanuel Giel

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:White_Cliffs_of_Dover_07.JPG

=====
