= **SCP-6516 — All Hallows Wood** by 

= *I'd meet you where the spirit meets the bones*

= For more, please see my [author page](dxvi).

**Item #:** SCP-6516

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6516 is closed to the public and no access is permitted except with the permission of the Director of Site-44. The Foundation has purchased the Harbrook Estate from the National Trust under the guise of a private heritage fund, and has announced through a front agency that SCP-6516 is to be treated as an experimental human-free nature reserve. Foundation liaison with the UK's Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) is ongoing and cordial, allowing a number of useful exceptions to be written into existing environmental and heritage law.

**Description:** SCP-6516 is All Hallows Wood, a wooded area of approximately 425 ha (4.25 km^^2^^) in the estate of Harbrook House, an eighteenth-century stately home in north-western Lincolnshire, England. The site has been preserved from logging since before the Norman Conquest; after the Conquest, it passed between several families before finally being acquired and entailed by the Harbrook viscountcy in the late sixteenth century. The last Viscount Harbrook sold the property to the National Trust in 1965.

SCP-6516 is, in most respects, typical of wooded areas in Northern England. Its anomalous properties become clear only when visitors arrive.

Visitors to SCP-6516 typically lose their way for several hours, up to an entire day from sunrise to sunset, until they encounter SCP-6516-A (see below). On the way, visitors experience shifts in topography and geography that cause the layout of SCP-6516 to radically diverge from satellite imaging and mapping of the area.

In addition, visitors to SCP-6516 will repeatedly encounter apparitions of people known to them who have died, as well as buildings they recognise and other images from their past. Human apparitions are mute and non-hostile, and are typically perceived by those who encounter them as warm and friendly. They will typically not approach the visitor closely, but in most cases will watch from further into the wood, demanifesting upon a close approach.

SCP-6516 is also known to increase the strength and tangibility of unrelated hauntings and spectral apparitions that happen to enter SCP-6516. Cross-testing with other SCP objects is currently not permitted by the Department of Spectral Phenomena, but cross-testing with mundane and unclassified spectral activity is an active avenue of research.

The visitor will continue to experience apparitions until they encounter an aged bell housed in a brick tower ten metres in height (collectively designated SCP-6516-A). Upon ringing SCP-6516-A, all spectral activity in the area will cease, and the visitor will immediately become aware of an easy way out to the edge of the wood, even if no such exit route was visible before. Although visitors to SCP-6516 cannot find their way out of SCP-6516 on their own, repeated testing has determined that they will inevitably encounter SCP-6516-A before any harm is likely to come to them from exposure.

Once a visitor has rung SCP-6516-A, they will never experience the anomalous effects of SCP-6516 again.

**Exploration 6516-Foxtrot:** The most recent exploration of SCP-6516 was undertaken by Site-44 Senior Field Agent Penelope Ash at her request, on Friday 10 June 2022. An exploration log is attached below.

A full log of all Foundation testing and exploration of SCP-6516 is available on request.

*The following is an audio transcript of Senior Agent Ash's exploration of SCP-6516 on Friday 9 September 2022, gathered from a high-quality microphone in her lapel.*

*Throughout her expedition into SCP-6516, Agent Ash was accompanied by Agent Stephen Browning, another agent at Site-44. As of 2022, Agents Ash and Browning had been in a romantic relationship for eight years.*

 

*To respect the agents' privacy, Agent Ash's body-mounted microphone was not monitored during Exploration 6516-Foxtrot, and was only reviewed upon her return to base.*

 

****{{Exploration Log 6516-Foxtrot, Part 1 [Morning]}}****

**{{08:32. BEGIN LOG.}}**

**Agent Ash:** OK. I think we're good to go.

*A car door closes.*

**Agent Browning:** It's a long trip. You alright to drive the whole way, sweetheart?

 

**Agent Ash:** Yeah. It's not so bad, we should be there before noon.

 

*The car starts.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Alright.

 

**Agent Ash:** I'm glad you're here.

 

**Agent Browning:** Hey. It's alright. Wouldn't be fair on you if I couldn't come with. 6516 can be pretty rough.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yeah. Yes.

 

*They are quiet for some time while they reach the main road out of Southend.*

**Agent Browning:** Are you OK, sweetheart? You're a bit quiet.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yeah, I'm fine. Promise. Just getting myself ready.

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah, I understand. I'm sure it won't be easy for either of us. We've both lost people.

*Pages turning can be heard on the recording.*

 

**Agent Browning:** But it's not every day we get to go on a country walk for work, is it?

*Agent Ash chuckles.*

**Agent Ash:** It's not. It's been a while.

 

**Agent Browning:** It has, hasn't it. I wonder why it's been so long? We used to do it all the time.

 

*There is a brief silence.*

**Agent Ash:** These things happen, I suppose.

*The recording is silent for a few more minutes.*

 

**Agent Browning:** What about some music?

**Agent Ash:** Oh, there's an idea.

**Agent Browning:** The Carpenters?

**Agent Ash:** Soppy. Sounds good.

*The sounds of Agent Browning putting a CD in the car stereo are audible on the recording. 'Top of the World' begins to play.*

 

**Agent Browning:** *[singing softly]* Such a feeling's coming over me...

 

**Agent Ash:** *[singing]* There is wonder in most everything I see...

 

**Both:** *[singing louder]* Not a cloud in the sky, got the sun in my eyes, and it...

 

*They giggle.*

 

**Agent Ash:** Haven't heard this in ages.

 

**Agent Browning:** Me neither.

 

**Agent Ash:** It *is* a lovely day, isn't it?

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah. Won't look so nice on the M25 though.

 

**Agent Ash:** God, don't remind me.

 

**Agent Browning:** Or worse, the M11.

 

**Agent Ash:** Oh, *stop*.

*Extraneous conversation excised. Full transcript available on request.*

@@ @@

**__{{Exploration Log 6516-Foxtrot, Part 2 [Early afternoon]}}**

**{{11:56. BEGIN LOG.}}**

*In the background, 'I Won't Last a Day Without You' can be heard on the stereo. Agent Ash later reported that they had played* Only Yesterday: Richard and Karen Carpenter's Greatest Hits *twice through on the journey.*

**Agent Ash:** Here we are.

 

**Agent Browning:** Hmm?

 

**Agent Ash:** You were somewhere else entirely, love.

 

**Agent Browning:** Oh, yeah. Oh, Harbrook House.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yeah.

 

**Agent Browning:** It looks bigger in the file, don't you think?

 

**Agent Ash:** I think it looks about the same.

 

**Agent Browning:** Mmm.

 

**Agent Ash:** Hey, look — didn't I say I'd get us here before noon?

 

**Agent Browning:** I never doubted you.

 

**Agent Ash:** I should think not.

 

**Agent Browning:** Not after Andalucia...Agent Ash clarified during debrief that this was a reference to a holiday the two had taken in 2018.

 

**Agent Ash:** It was an open road!

 

**Agent Browning:** You're a lunatic.

 

**Agent Ash:** Don't complain. I always got us there on time.

 

**Agent Browning:** Mostly in one piece.

 

*Agent Ash begins to laugh, but stops herself suddenly and clears her throat.*

**Agent Ash:** Well.

 

*The engine stops.*

 

**Agent Browning:** All Hallows Wood.

 

**Agent Ash:** Looks like it.

 

**Agent Browning:** It doesn't look very haunted, does it?

 

**Agent Ash:** Not really, no.

 

**Agent Browning:** Reminds me of the New Forest. Remember?

 

**Agent Ash:** Actually, yeah.

 

*There is a pause.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Shall we?

 

**Agent Ash:** You go first, I want to check the mic. Wait for me over by the gate.

 

**Agent Browning:** Alright.

*There is a small sound on the recording; Agent Ash later clarified that Agent Browning had leaned over and kissed her on the cheek.*

*The car door opens and Agent Browning can be heard stepping onto the gravel outside the car. Agent Ash breathes out very heavily and clears her throat. She takes several deep breaths and opens the door.*

*Birdsong is audible on the recording, and the sound of gravel crunching underfoot.*

 

**Agent Browning:** All good?

 

**Agent Ash:** Yeah, all good.

 

**Agent Browning:** What a lovely day we got for it. I know I said already, but it's perfect.

 

**Agent Ash:** Isn't it?

 

**Agent Browning:** The air is so fresh. I feel...energetic.

 

**Agent Ash:** Good!

 

**Agent Browning:** Anyway — remind me again what 44 wants out of our little walk.

 

**Agent Ash:** It's just an exploration mission. Check for consistency with other results. I think they're just going down the list of field agents, because you can't do it twice. Take some photographs. Record sounds.

 

*A gentle thumping sound is audible on the recording, presumably from Agent Ash tapping her mic.*

 

 

**Agent Ash:** Then report back.

 

**Agent Browning:** Righto. Sally went recently, didn't she?Agent Sally Guest, a colleague and friend of Agents Ash and Browning, also attached to Site-44. Agent Guest conducted the 6516-Echo expedition in February 2022.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yeah, earlier this year.

 

**Agent Browning:** What did she see? I've read the report, but...

 

**Agent Ash:** Yeah. She didn't really say. I thought it better not to pry and the report has the information we need. She seemed alright about it though. Calm. It made her smile to think about it, I think.

 

**Agent Browning:** Mmm.

 

*There is a brief pause on the recording.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Well, ready when you are.

 

**Agent Ash:** Alright.

 

*The sound of a gate squeaking open is audible, as are two sets of footsteps on the pathway. Neither agent speaks for several minutes. Birdsong continues and becomes slightly louder.*

 

**Agent Ash:** Twelve-oh-nine. You reread the file on the way up, didn't you? Remind me what it said about when it's supposed to...begin.

 

**Agent Browning:** Varies, apparently. For some the anomaly kicks in almost immediately; other people have had to wander around for hours before they see anything. There are pre-containment reports of people going through All Hallows Wood and not seeing anything unusual, but either they're very unobservant or...

 

**Agent Ash:** ...they haven't lost anyone, right.

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah.

 

**Agent Ash:** Lucky them.

 

*Both agents lapse into silence for around eight minutes.*

 

**Agent Ash:** Wait.

 

**Agent Browning:** What's up?

 

**Agent Ash:** That stump over there, look.

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah?

 

**Agent Ash:** We walked past it earlier.

 

**Agent Browning:** But that's impossible. We've not left the path.

 

**Agent Ash:** It must be kicking in about now. Hold on.

 

*There is a rustling sound as Agent Ash retrieves her smartphone from her pocket.*

 

**Agent Ash:** GPS is scrambled, it can't get a lock, look.

 

**Agent Browning:** Just bouncing around. God, that's weird.

 

**Agent Ash:** I didn't even notice.

 

**Agent Browning:** Nor me. I wonder when it kicked in. The files say it tends to happen when you aren't paying attention.

 

**Agent Ash:** No way to know.

 

**Agent Browning:** I was just listening to the birds.

 

*They laugh.*

 

**Agent Ash:** *[forcefully]* God, I've missed this.

 

**Agent Browning:** Field work?

 

**Agent Ash:** Field work with you.

 

**Agent Browning:** It's been a while. How long?

 

**Agent Ash:** *[quietly]* A long time.

*A quiet rustling sound can be heard. Agent Ash explained later that Agent Browning had pulled her into a hug at this point.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Well, we're here now.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yes.

 

**Agent Browning:** Don't you just feel so *alive* here?

 

**Agent Ash:** Alive?

 

**Agent Browning:** Something about the air and the sunshine, I don't know. Haven't felt like this in ages.

 

**Agent Ash:** You *are* very perky.

 

**Agent Browning:** I hope I'm not being annoying.

 

**Agent Ash:** Not at all.

 

*She gasps sharply.*

 

**Agent Browning:** What?

 

**Agent Ash:** Look, over there. Look!

 

**Agent Browning:** What? There? I don't—

 

**Agent Ash:** Ah, too late. I saw someone. They're gone now.

 

**Agent Browning:** Who?

 

**Agent Ash:** Not sure. An old lady. Too far away to be sure.

 

**Agent Browning:** ...mine or yours, do you think?

 

**Agent Ash:** Mine. I'm pretty sure.

 

**Agent Browning:** Why?

 

**Agent Ash:** I could be wrong, but I think it was...Mrs Dixon?Identified as Mrs Kathleen Dixon of Weston-super-Mare; died of a stroke in 2003.

 

**Agent Browning:** Who's Mrs Dixon?

 

**Agent Ash:** My old Year Three teacher.The equivalent of the US second grade. She died a year or two after I left primary school, I remember hearing about it over Christmas.

 

**Agent Browning:** Your teacher? I wonder why her?

 

**Agent Ash:** God knows.

 

**Agent Browning:** People have reported rather unexpected apparitions. It's not always people you were close to.

 

**Agent Ash:** I certainly wasn't expecting to see her again.

 

**Agent Browning:** Did you like her?

 

**Agent Ash:** Not...particularly, no. I mean, she was fine. I don't remember much about it. She was very pernickety about handwriting. I remember one day she told us off about our Zs. But she smiled a lot.

 

**Agent Browning:** I see.

 

*They walk on, in silence.*

 

**Agent Browning:** What's that?

 

**Agent Ash:** That building?

 

**Agent Browning:** Yes. It's not on the map. But then I have no idea where on the map we are now, anyway.

 

**Agent Ash:** Apparition, then.

 

**Agent Browning:** It looks familiar.

 

**Agent Ash:** Oh my God.

 

**Agent Browning:** What?

 

**Agent Ash:** It's Granny Ginny's house.Agent Ash's grandmother, Ginevra "Ginny" White.

 

**Agent Browning:** Your grandmother? Liz's mother?"Liz" is Elizabeth Ash, Agent Ash's mother.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yes.

 

**Agent Browning:** The fire...Following her death from cancer in 2011, Ginevra White's former house burned down in an unexpected and catastrophic fire the following year, thought to have been set by squatters or local adolescents.

 

**Agent Ash:** God, that was ages ago. But it looks like new. Look, the roses over the door. She was so proud of those. I pricked myself on the thorns once when I visited her, and she was so gentle with me.

 

**Agent Browning:** Pen, look. Upstairs.

 

**Agent Ash:** Oh, Gran...

 

**Agent Browning:** Is she...

 

*Agent Ash later reported that the apparition of Mrs White waved at them from her upstairs window. Agent Ash can be heard clearing her throat on the recording.*

 

**Agent Browning:** She looks just like she does in that photo on the mantelpiece, when you were a kid. Right outside that door.

 

**Agent Ash:** Hasn't aged a day. Maybe it's because I remember her so strongly from when I was that age.

 

**Agent Browning:** Maybe.

 

**Agent Ash:** Oh, there she goes. Bye Gran.

 

*There is a long pause.*

 

**Agent Ash:** Twelve forty-two. We've been out here a while.

 

**Agent Browning:** Can you figure out where we are *supposed* to be?

 

**Agent Ash:** Hang on.

*Agent Ash later reported that they both studied the paper satellite map of the area for several minutes.*

 

**Agent Ash:** I think...

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah, there. You can see that big tree and the bend in the path.

 

**Agent Ash:** But that doesn't make sense, because the bridge is over there, on the right of the map, and we've just crossed it.

 

**Agent Browning:** Welcome to All Hallows Wood, I suppose.

 

**Agent Ash:** Steve, look.

 

**Agent Browning:** What?

 

**Agent Ash:** Granny Ginny's house is gone.

 

@@ @@

****{{Exploration Log 6516-Foxtrot, Part 3 [Late afternoon and evening]}}****

 

*In debrief, Agent Ash reported that she encountered the following apparitions within the subsequent few hours:*

* *Gregory Ash, Agent Ash's paternal uncle (died 2009).*

* *An unknown detached, two-storey house, later identified as Agent Ash's home in Somerset for several years during her infancy (demolished 1996).*

* *An unknown elderly woman, later identified as Rachael Paisley, Agent Ash's great-aunt on her maternal grandfather's side (died 1993).*

* *An unknown elderly woman, later identified as Matilda Wolfe, Agent Ash's maternal grandmother (died 1992).*

* *Jasmine Hunter, a schoolmate of Agent Ash at primary school, who died of a brain tumour aged nine (died 1999).*

*All apparitions were, as with every encounter within SCP-6516, friendly and mute. The full transcript of these encounters can be retrieved on request, but is excluded here for brevity.*

 

*The following extract covers the final hours of Agent Ash's exploration into SCP-6516.*

 

**{{16:42. BEGIN LOG.}}**

 

**Agent Ash:** I don't remember the last time I walked this far.

 

**Agent Browning:** Nor me. I'm surprised we haven't seen the bell yet.

 

**Agent Ash:** Mmm. Isn't it normally at sunset?

 

**Agent Browning:** Not always, it varies. It's never in the morning, but other than that it's not clear. There's some suggestion in the reports that time is a bit weird here, too.

 

**Agent Ash:** Weird?

 

**Agent Browning:** Hours taking longer than they should, or the sun setting sooner than it should.

 

**Agent Ash:** Right.

 

**Agent Browning:** Whoever comes next should bring the temporal equipment and try and get a reading.

 

**Agent Ash:** It's a good idea. I'll suggest it. I'd do it myself, but...

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah, it only works once.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yes.

 

**Agent Browning:** Actually, I've been thinking.

 

**Agent Ash:** First time for everything.

 

**Agent Browning:** Shut it. I've been thinking about why it is that—

 

**Agent Ash:** Hang on. Shush.

 

*They fall silent. The sound of an animal can be heard indistinctly on the recording.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Is that a dog?

 

**Agent Ash:** I think so.

 

**Agent Browning:** No dogs in the wood, so it must be...

 

**Agent Ash:** An apparition. But...

 

**Agent Browning:** ...oh, Pen.

 

*The sound is louder and is clearly distinguishable as the barking of a dog.*

 

**Agent Ash:** Oh no. Surely not.

 

**Agent Browning:** Pen, love.

 

**Agent Ash:** That's not fair.

 

*The sound suddenly becomes very loud. Analysis indicates the source was within range of 10 meters.*

 

**Agent Ash:** *[calling]* Banjo! Here, boy!

 

**Agent Browning:** Banjo!

 

**Agent Ash:** There you are. Oh, Banjo. Good boy.Banjo, a German Shepherd, was Agent Ash's family pet. He died of natural causes aged 15, in 2016. Look at him, Steve. Here, boy! Here!

 

**Agent Browning:** Can't come any nearer, Banjo? That's OK.

 

**Agent Ash:** Just look, he's so healthy.

 

**Agent Browning:** I know, Pen. When I knew him he was a little lame in his old age but he still had the fire in him.

 

*Agent Ash takes a deep breath.*

 

**Agent Ash:** How come he's barking?

 

**Agent Browning:** That *is* strange.

 

**Agent Ash:** I haven't heard that barking in so long. He was quieter when he was older. Shhh, Banjo! It's like he's a puppy again.

 

**Agent Browning:** The apparitions are mute here. Maybe it's just words, language.

 

**Agent Ash:** Something like that.

 

*Banjo whimpers loudly.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Where's he...

 

**Agent Ash:** There between the trees. Is that a little path?

 

**Agent Browning:** I didn't even notice it.

 

**Agent Ash:** That's because it wasn't there before.

 

*Banjo barks.*

  

**Agent Browning:** He wants us to follow him, I think.

 

**Agent Ash:** Go on, boy. We're coming.

 

*The recording goes quiet for several minutes except for the sound of the agents' breathing, Banjo panting from a distance, and leaves and twigs underfoot. Soon, Banjo's panting fades.*

 

**Agent Ash:** Steve, I don't see him. I think he's gone.

 

**Agent Browning:** He must just have been guiding us into this path.

 

**Agent Ash:** That pup... We loved him so much. Dad was never the same after he died. He couldn't face getting another dog.

 

**Agent Browning:** I remember. You and I hadn't been together that long when Banjo died, had we?

 

**Agent Ash:** A couple of years I think. Maybe a little less.

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah. You were just inconsolable.

 

**Agent Ash:** He was a wonderful dog.

 

*The recording goes quiet again for a moment.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Pen, look, behind us.

 

*Agent Ash breathes out heavily on the recording. She reported in her debrief that she turned around to discover that the path behind them had vanished into the trees.*

 

**Agent Ash:** God.

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah. Nowhere to go but forward.

 

*There is quiet on the recording for several minutes.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Pen, why did you volunteer for this?

 

**Agent Ash:** *[brightly]* Oh, no particular reason.

 

**Agent Browning:** C'mon, Pen. That's bullshit.

 

*Agent Ash sighs.*

 

**Agent Ash:** You're right, it is.

 

**Agent Browning:** So?

**Agent Ash:** Well, I just...wanted to see people again. Doesn't everyone want that?

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah. I know what you mean. But we all do. People don't volunteer for 6516 without a good reason. Traumatic.

 

*A short pause.*

 

**Agent Browning:** It's your dad, isn't it?Edward Ash, Agent Ash's father, died of a massive heart attack in June 2021 at the age of 68.

 

*A short pause.*

 

**Agent Ash:** Yes, it is.

 

**Agent Browning:** The Foundation demands a lot from us.

 

**Agent Ash:** It does.

 

**Agent Browning:** But missing your father's funeral is no joke. It makes sense why you'd volunteer for this.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yes. I knew that going in, though. I knew this job would take a lot from me. But it gave me a lot, too. It gave me you.

 

**Agent Browning:** Aww.

 

**Agent Ash:** I'm serious.

 

**Agent Browning:** Alright. But yeah, I understand now.

 

**Agent Ash:** Do you? Mm.

 

*There is a pause.*

 

**Agent Browning:** I just wish I could work out what the point of this place was.

 

**Agent Ash:** The point?

 

**Agent Browning:** Some people at the Foundation think all the anomalies we work with have some point or message to them.

 

**Agent Ash:** What's the point of the *lizard*?

 

**Agent Browning:** Well, exactly. But it's something to think about. And this place doesn't seem to make sense. It's almost too kind.

 

**Agent Ash:** Too kind?

 

**Agent Browning:** It just lets people see the ones they've lost again. Everyone wants that. It's like wish-fulfilment.

 

**Agent Ash:** Maybe sometimes you'll see people you don't want to see again.

 

**Agent Browning:** Not according to the records. The Charlie expedition was done by a D-class, who'd killed his abusive father in a fight. Never saw him.

 

**Agent Ash:** Never?

 

**Agent Browning:** It's like the wood is set up this way, to be good to people. But that seems too nice.

 

**Agent Ash:** You're so jaded, Steve. Sometimes there's good in our work.

 

**Agent Browning:** I suppose so. You're right.

 

**Agent Ash:** ...yes. *[she clears her throat]*

 

**Agent Browning:** Anyway, I was...Hang on.

 

**Agent Ash:** I hear it too.

 

**Agent Browning:** Where is it?

 

**Agent Ash:** Just up ahead, it's...

 

**Agent Browning:** ...oh.

 

**Agent Ash:** Oh.

 

*A long pause.*

 

**Agent Ash:** Hi, Dad.

*A long pause.*

 

**Agent Ash:** I missed you.

 

**Agent Browning:** He looks exactly the same. Exactly the same.

 

*A long pause.*

 

**Agent Browning:** He always stood so straight. I used to be a bit scared of him. His height, his bearing.

 

**Agent Ash:** My friends used to call him the Captain, after his rank in the army. He didn't like it. It was too much.

 

*A long pause.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Is he...?

 

**Agent Ash:** Yes.

 

*Agents Ash and Browning take a few steps forward.*

 

**Agent Browning:** The files say they don't come this close.

 

**Agent Ash:** *[softly]* Shhh.

 

*Agent Ash reported in her debrief that her father's apparition approached closer and closer, eventually stopping less than two metres away from them. Before this incident, no apparition had approached closer than approximately ten metres.*

 

**Agent Ash:** Dad...

 

**Agent Browning:** Hello again, Ed.

 

**Agent Ash:** He's...

 

**Agent Browning:** Why's he looking at me? Ed? What is it?

 

*Agent Ash reported that at this point, the apparition of her father smiled at her, then made a beckoning gesture to Agent Browning, and led them further down the pathway.*

 

**Agent Ash:** OK. OK.

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah.

 

*Only footsteps and birdsong can be heard for several minutes. Agent Ash reported at this point that she and Agent Browning joined hands as they walked.*

 

**Agent Browning:** The sun's getting low in the sky, look.

 

**Agent Ash:** Mm.

 

**Agent Browning:** It can't be long now.

 

**Agent Ash:** No.

 

**Agent Browning:** Pen. I've been thinking.

 

**Agent Ash:** Hmm?

**Agent Browning:** They've all been you. Everything that's appeared today has been something from your life, not mine. Why has it chosen you?

 

**Agent Ash:** Chosen?

 

**Agent Browning:** I thought it would show us...both of us. It's like the wood picked you instead of me.

 

**Agent Ash:** No, I don't think so. I think it's just chance.

 

**Agent Browning:** Pen, that's bullshit, come on. There's something you aren't telling me. Something that's not in the files.

 

**Agent Ash:** *[desperately]* No, there isn't, I—

 

**Agent Browning:** Pen. Pen, please. What's happening here?

 

**Agent Ash:** Oh, love. I'm so sorry. *[she coughs, and audibly holds back tears]* That's the trouble, love, you don't remember.

 

**Agent Browning:** What don't I remember?

 

*A long pause.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Penelope. Please. Tell me.

 

**Agent Ash:** It's six months today. You were driving home from an assignment in Scotland.

 

**Agent Browning:** Scotland. The Campbell matter.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yes. It was near the Borders. You...they said it was a blind corner. There was a truck, a tanker. You never had a chance.

 

**Agent Browning:** ...what?

 

**Agent Ash:** You don't remember. Ever since it happened, you've appeared to me in the passenger seat of my car, every single day, and you don't remember. Time doesn't seem to work the same way for you any more.

 

**Agent Browning:** Something... *[he pauses for a moment]* I remember noise, and headlights...

 

**Agent Ash:** They said you didn't suffer, love.

 

**Agent Browning:** I...Pen, I'm...

 

**Agent Ash:** It's alright. I've had you for six months longer. I've taken drives with you, just to feel your hand on mine in the car. But you've never been able to get *out* of my car. You're stuck somehow.

 

**Agent Browning:** Stuck...but here...

 

**Agent Ash:** Yeah. You could walk with me again. One last time.

 

**Agent Browning:** The bell. I understand.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yes. The bell should unstick you, they said. I...I can't do it any more. I can't live like this, every day, stuck. It's not right. You can't stay any longer. The bell can let you move on, they think.

 

**Agent Browning:** Pen, I'm so sorry. Why didn't you tell me?

 

**Agent Ash:** I didn't want to. And I didn't think you'd remember anyway. You don't remember things well now. Today you remember better.

 

**Agent Browning:** It's the wood. It's making things clearer.

 

**Agent Ash:** Yes.

 

*A short pause.*

 

**Agent Browning:** What's he pointing at?

 

**Agent Ash:** Look. There.

 

*Agent Ash reported that SCP-6516-A came into view at this point, within a clearing. At this point, the apparition of her father turned around, stepped close to them and shook Agent Browning's hand, before waving goodbye to her and demanifesting.*

 

**Agent Ash:** Bye, Dad. See you.

 

**Agent Browning:** I can touch him.

 

**Agent Ash:** You're closer to him than I am now.

 

**Agent Browning:** Closer. Yes.

 

*Footsteps are audible on the recording as they approach the belltower.*

 

**Agent Browning:** The sun's going down. It won't be light for much longer.

 

**Agent Ash:** No.

 

**Agent Browning:** It's...it's time to go, isn't it?

 

**Agent Ash:** I don't want you to. I've missed you so much. In the car I've had your shadow, but today I've had you again.

 

**Agent Browning:** I have to, though. Now we're here I can feel it. Like gravity. Oh, Pen. I'm sorry.

 

**Agent Ash:** It's OK. Really. I've wept for you long enough now. We had everything in our eight years. But I wanted to grow old with you. I wanted...

 

**Agent Browning:** I know, sweetheart. It just wasn't to be. These things happen.

 

*There is a pause. Agent Ash reports that at this point she was gripping the cord of SCP-6516-A.*

 

**Agent Ash:** I can't do it. I can't. I can't send you away. Can you do it?

 

**Agent Browning:** I can't. I don't know why. It just...it has to be you. I know it somehow. I'm sorry.

 

**Agent Ash:** I love you.

 

**Agent Browning:** I love you too. So much. Please, never forget it.

 

**Agent Ash:** I won't. I'm coming after you too, one day. There's somewhere to go, I know that now.

 

**Agent Browning:** Yes. Somewhere deeper in the wood.

 

*There is a pause.*

 

**Agent Browning:** Pen. It's time, sweetheart.

 

*She takes a deep, shuddering breath. Moments later, the bell rings, a bright, full, echoing peal. Agent Ash begins to cry softly. A rustling sound is heard on the recording as they embrace.*

 

**Agent Browning:** It's starting. I feel...lighter.

 

**Agent Ash:** And look, I can see the way out now. There's the gate.

 

*There is a brief pause.*

 

**Agent Browning:** I think I've worked out what it is.

 

**Agent Ash:** The wood?

 

**Agent Browning:** Yeah. It's something like a departure lounge. A concourse. A train platform. Somewhere to say your goodbyes.

 

**Agent Ash:** Mmm. Maybe you're right.

 

**Agent Browning:** C'mere. Give me your hand. I'll walk you to the edge.

 

*Two sets of footsteps are audible on the path again.*

 

**Agent Browning:** It's been a perfect day.

 

**Agent Ash:** Thank you.

 

**Agent Browning:** Travel safe, sweetheart.

 

**Agent Ash:** You too.

 

*Gradually, the two sets of footsteps fade to one as Agent Ash approaches the gate out of the wood.*

**Agent Ash:** You too.

 @@ @@

 

---

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+ Footnotes</summary>

</details>

@@ @@

---

<< [SCP-6515](SCP-6515) | SCP-6516 | [SCP-6517](SCP-6517) >>

[[include <a href="/component:wikimodule">component:wikimodule</a> |ratings= --]

]]

=====

> **Filename:** firsttimebuyermed.jpg

> **Name:** First Time Buyer

> **Author:** Ian Livesey

> **License:** Public domain

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/ianlivesey/42379839661/

=====

> **Filename:** pyzdryforestbell.jpg

> **Name:** MOs810 WG 55 2016 Pyzdry Forest III (Saint Stanislaus Kostka church in Brudzew, bell tower) (2)

> **Author:** MOs810 (Wikimedia Commons user)

> **License:** CC-BY-SA-4.0

> **Source Link:** [[link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:MOs810_WG_55_2016_Pyzdry_Forest_III_(Saint_Stanislaus_Kostka_church_in_Brudzew,_bell_tower)_(2).jpg)]

=====

> Infobox quote from Taylor Swift, 'Ivy', from *Evermore* (2020, Republic Records).

=====
