div#header h1 a span {

    font-size: 0px;

}

div#header h1 a:before {

    content: "Site-120";

    color: #eee;

    

}

div#header h2 span {

    font-size:0px;

    padding: 4px;

}

div#header h2:after {

    content: "Fighting Fire With Fire";

    font-weight: bold;

    color: #f0f0c0;

    padding: 19px 0;

    text-shadow: 1px 1px 1px rgba(0, 0, 0, .8);

    white-space: pre;

}

#header {

  background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/inadvertent-neolinguistics/Ontotop.png)

}

**[More by this author](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ralliston-s-authorpage)**

**Item #:** SCP-6072

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6072 currently remains uncontained. Its proper localization and anchoring using Scranton Reality Anchors in cooperation with [Site-88](secure-facility-dossier-site-88) personnel due to their experience with humanoid anomalies is to be considered top priority for [Site-120](secure-facility-dossier-site-120) personnel. All potential manifestation reports are to be immediately investigated.

All Foundation personnel matching SCP-6072's manifestation criteria are to be placed within anti-ontokinetic spaces for the duration of their potential death, preventing the entity's manifestation. 

**Description:** SCP-6072 is a predatory entity with no consistent form nor appearance, emitting a constant output of Level 4 TRE (Tartarean Radiation Energy) and minor amounts of Akiva Radiation, similar to that of a non-worshipped diety. Similar in magnitude to the [REDACTED PER O5 ORDER] entity found within [SCP-5572-PRIME](SCP-5572) -- research regarding those similarities is ongoing.  SCP-6072 displays predatory behavior, only targetting individuals exhibiting one or more of the following traits due to hunting ease:

* age above 60,

* severe loneliness,

* life in relative poverty,

* highly unstable life,

* bad health condition, both physical and mental,

* lack of many truly close relatives or friends to rely on for potential protection,

* inability to maintain romantic relationships.

All individuals near which SCP-6072 manifests are found dead within two to five minutes of exposure; in 100% of cases, the cause of death was determined to be a disease previously undiagnosed in an extreme state. The entity will never leave its prey until it's confirmed dead, always awaiting near it until the disease kills the subject, not infrequently checking for life signs on people it hunts. How SCP-6072 is able to manifest them within the organism of its prey in such an advanced state remains unknown.

SCP-6072 possesses virtually unlimited teleportation and shapeshifting capabilities, enabling it to manifest at any location in any form. Despite this, the entity utilizes this ability solely to manifest near its prey, which it hunts constantly; it has never been noted to appear anywhere else other than near individuals it wishes to eliminate. Most manifestations follow the formula of the entity taking the form of standard humans within the area it manifests in, frequently choosing the form of a close relative of the person it wishes to hunt. Upon detecting a potential victim, the entity will stop at nothing to achieve its goal -- it has even been noted to bypass previously thought to be impenetrable anti-ontokinetic spaces.

Current hypothesis hold the entity is a pain-consuming Tartarean, prolonging its life through the murder of others. Though this theory is backed up by examples of pre-modern era civilizations interacting with it, See -- Discovery and Historical Context.  whether it's true remains unknown.

**Discovery and Historical Context:** SCP-6072 had been known to the Foundation in one form or another ever since its founding in 1870. Initially suspected to be numerous other anomalies, following over 150 years of continued appearance, it had been fully researched and classified as SCP-6072. However, despite the Foundation only possessing data about it for 165 years, research has revealed numerous records taken from all around the world throughout numerous centuries regarding the world's cultures and their interactions with the entity. The following is a select few of the most important ones. For a full list of SCP-6072 manifestations throughout history, request access to Site-120's General RAISA Chairman, James Moore. 

| Timeframe of Manifestations | Location of manifestations | Manifestation Details |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Unknown, most likely ~ 1800-1700 B.C. | Egypt | Due to the extremely poor state of most of society at the time, SCP-6072 was able to claim extreme amounts of victims. Directly responsible for the belief in Resheph, a god of disease spawning it wherever he came. |
| Unknown, most likely ~ 400-300 B.C. | Mesopotamia | Due to the highly politically unstable timeframe of its manifestation, SCP-6072 was able to exploit it to hunt numerous victims before being noticed. Inspired the myth of Erra; a god of war and disease, coming for the weak to take them to the kingdom of the dead. |
| Unknown, most likely ~ 400-700 | Central and Eastern Europe | SCP-6072's numerous manifestations most likely inspired the Masurian myth of "white peoples;" a gnome-like race of demons responsible for human diseases, bringing them upon the weak and old. |
| The Edo period (1603-1867) | Japan | Despite the relative peace and economical stability of the era, SCP-6072 was still noted to manifest due to the chaos and instability of the era directly before it causing many poorer regions (though the manifestations were visibly less and less frequent as the era went on). Most likely inspired the Japanese myth of the Shinigami (death gods bringing weak humans death and carrying their souls to the afterlife). |
| 1890-1923 | Siberia | Due to the highly unstable health and physical wealth of the Ket people in that region caused by numerous attempts at russification by the Russian authorities of the time, SCP-6072 was able to hunt much more frequently within the area. Further research regarding the culture suggests the entity was responsible for the myth of the Chośadam goddess; a deity responsible for cursing humans with diseases and "devouring their souls" afterwards. |
**Addendum 6072-2:** The following log is the only available recording of SCP-6072 interacting with any of its victims as well as the only manifestation event which the Foundation was able to witness.

<details>
<summary>+ Access Log 09/12/2035-1</summary>

**Date:** 09/12/2035

**Foreword:** The following video was taken from one of the cameras within [Vanguard Research and Preservation](SCP-6172) Site-120's  Full update of the SCP-6072 file to account for Site-120's status is currently pending. medical ward. At that time, Dr. Ethan MacCarthy Jr. One of the five members of Site-120's Director Council, last member of the MacCarthy family -- a multi-generational family long-serving the Foundation. All other members either lost in action or dead due to age.  was being hospitalized due to a lung health problem discovered the day prior.

---

**<Begin Log>**

*SCP-6072 manifests outside of the medical room, taking the form of Dr. MacCarthy Dr. MacCarthy Jr.'s father, who was dead since [28/03/1984](SCP-5936). From personal testimonies, it's been deduced that the man was Dr. MacCarthy Jr.'s only person he considered close to himself.  The doctor is laying in a medical bed, sleeping.*

*SCP-6072 enters the room. The glass doors behind it shut, and their closing sound wakes up the doctor, who blinks twice and puts on his glasses, located at the nightstand. He notices SCP-6072 and gets visibly uneased.*

**Dr. MacCarthy Jr.:** *<coughs>* D-Dad?

*SCP-6072 doesn't respond, coming closer to the doctor's bed. It pulls a chair from one of the nearby tables and sits near the doctor, who starts to cry.*

**Dr. MacCarthy Jr.:** Is... *<coughs>* is that... y-you?

*SCP-6072 nods. At that time, personnel stationed outside of the ward notice the entity within and start to attempt to open the doors. Upon failing to do so, they start to notify security, banging at the glass walls for the doctor to notice the entity. He doesn't respond nor notice them.*

**Dr. MacCarthy Jr.:** I'm sorry. *<weakly:>* I... I'm so sorry. 

*As tears go down the doctor's face, the entity comes closer, and touches his face with its hand. Outside the room, Site Security appear, trying to enter the room via force. They are unsuccessful even upon what should normally break both the glass walls and the door. Neither the doctor nor the entity react in any way to them.*

**Dr. MacCarthy Jr.:**  I... knew I told you I wouldn't... s... smoke. *<coughs>* I'm so sorry. 

*SCP-6072 touches the doctor's hand in a calm expression. The other starts to violently cough, trying to hide it with his arm. The entity smiles slightly, and touches his hand with its other hand. The coughing stops for a second.*

**Dr. MacCarthy Jr.:** I didn't know how to deal with... your... your and David's deaths. *<pause>* I'm so sorry. I'm so--

*MacCarthy Jr. starts to cry profusely again, stopping all speech. The doctor's phone located on the nightstand starts to ring with an emergency tone. He doesn't notice it. He again starts to cough, this time visibly coughing blood.*

**SCP-6072:** Shh, don't worry. It's fine. I'm here and I'm proud of you. Don't worry at all.

**Dr. MacCarthy Jr.:** I don't want to go, dad. I don't want to... die. *<pause>* I'm not ready to. I don't want to. *<coughs>* I'm sorry. I'm sorry for... for everything. I don't want... *<pause>* to go, dad. I don't--

*The entity shushes him, giving the doctor a hug. They sit in that position for two minutes, with MacCarthy Jr. sobbing violently. The entity shushes him again.*

**Dr. MacCarthy Jr.:** I... I...

**SCP-6072:** Shh. Mom and David are proud of you, too. Don't worry. We're here for you. It's okay. Don't worry about it. Shh. It's fine.

*The entity hugs the doctor again. Upon finishing the gesture, MacCarthy Jr. lays down on his bed.*

**Dr. MacCarthy Jr.:** I... I think I...

*The doctor closes his eyes. He no longer expresses sadness nor pain.*

**SCP-6072:** I'm proud of you.

*SCP-6072 demanifests. Though Dr. MacCarthy Jr. ceases all movement, an expression of happiness can be seen on his face.*

**<End Log>**

---

**Closing Statement:** Following SCP-6072's demanifestation, Dr. MacCarthy Jr. was found dead at the age of 85 within the hospital ward. Post-mortem analysis revealed it was caused by a previously undiagnosed lung cancer. The disease was entirely unanomalous, believed, following further research, to have been within Dr. MacCarthy Jr. for at least 3 prior years, mainly due to his long-lasting smoking addiction and poor work ethic.

Following further research, it was discovered SCP-6072 does not cause any of the diseases found within its "victims," not being responsible for their deaths. The TRE previously thought to be emitted from it was, in actuality, simply the byproduct of experiencing human deaths for a prolonged period of time. Further investigation, potential reclassification, and file rewrite of SCP-6072 remains pending.

</details>

<< [SCP-6071](SCP-6071) | SCP-6072 | [SCP-6073](SCP-6073) >>

=====

> **Filename:** ontotop

> **Author:** , edited by 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

> **Source Link:** [link](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/desk-of-junior-designer-s-yvonne)

> **Filename:** suit3.png

> **Author:** N/A

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** Taken from [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5353 SCP-5353], which took from [https:*pxhere.com/en/photo/142044 here]

> **Notes:** Originally edited by , then edited by myself

=====
