]

**SCP-6894:** Project Qahhar

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS & INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

 

Following the conclusion of Project Qahhar, SCP-6894 has been declassified to all Foundation personnel. All personnel are to read SCP-6894 to understand the importance of the Foundation to global stability.

You are reminded that disobeying the orders of the Administrator will result in the death of SCP-6894.

 

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

**Item No:** SCP-6894

**Containment Class (Archived):** ArgusContainment is under the purview of a third party.

**Containment Class (Current):** RadixAnomaly has been integrated into the Foundation's command structure, but is unrelated to Judaism.

**Special Containment Procedures (Archived):** Under the Coronation Accords, SCP-6894 is contained by the British Occult Service, due to its potential danger to the safety of the United Kingdom.

SCP-6894-1 instances are to be stored at Site-01 for use in Project Qahhar. The British Occult Service is not to be informed of the existence of SCP-6894-1 instances in Foundation custody.

Information concerning Project Qahhar is restricted to Project Head Matthew Roberts.

**Special Containment Procedures (Current):** Following the conclusion of Project Qahhar, and the resultant integration of the British Occult Service, SCP-6894 is contained within Containment Chamber 29 at Site-01. SCP-6894 has been treated in compliance with [Class-7 Life-Extension Protocols](SCP-4470) to ensure its continued survival.

A supply of SCP-6894-1 instances is to be stored within the Administration Wing of Site-01. The approval of the Administrator is required for the creation of any further SCP-6894-1 instances.

All sapient beings are to be reminded of the importance of obeying the Administrator.

**Description:** SCP-6894 is a male Clydesdale horse. SCP-6894 will only display its anomalous effects when present within photographs.

SCP-6894-1 instances are photographs of SCP-6894. SCP-6894-1 instances are visual cognitohazards and will cause any sapient being exposed to them to become fully aware of the existence of SCP-6894. While the memory of exposure can be removed with amnestics, the effects are permanent.

SCP-6894-2 instances are sapient beings who have been exposed to SCP-6894-1 instances. SCP-6894-2 instances will work to ensure the continued health and safety of SCP-6894 by any means available, regardless of prior ethical beliefs or allegiance.

SCP-6894-2 instances will obey all commands issued to them, if informed that refusal will result in SCP-6894 being harmed.

**Discovery:** A large amount of information concerning the discovery of SCP-6894 has been lost due to the destructive actions of several British Occult Service officers during their attempted integration as part of Project Qahhar. However, it is known that on 2007-04-27, an SCP-6894-2 instance was arrested by police in Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England, and caused several police officers to become SCP-6894-2 instances. Following this, an embedded officer alerted the British Occult Service to the presence of anomalous activity. British Occult Service officers secured the area and discovered SCP-6894 and its anomalous properties over the next few days.

On 2007-05-04, the Foundation received a request from the British Occult Service for assistance in amnesticising the congregation of Holy Trinity Church, having discovered that a large percentage were SCP-6894-2 instances. The Foundation was also requested to assist in locating Eli Tanner, the priest of Holy Trinity, due to his suspected connection to SCP-6894.

During amnestication procedures, Foundation agents procured several SCP-6894-1 instances, with their anomalous properties being discovered during screening. These instances were transferred to Site-26 for further analysis.

On 2007-05-16, the Foundation discovered Eli Tanner in Rhoose, Wales. He was transported to Site-26 for questioning, prior to transfer to the British Occult Service.

> **Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Matthew Roberts, Site-26 Head of Cognitohazard Research

> 

> **Interviewed:** Eli Tanner, former priest of Holy Trinity Church

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Roberts:** Hello Mr Tanner, I hope you're well.

> 

> **Tanner:** Could I ask why I'm here, I don't think anyone's told me what I've been arrested for?

> 

> **Roberts:** You haven't been charged with anything Mr Tanner, we just want to ask a few questions about some incidents in Barnsley.

> 

> **Tanner:** Barnsley? I'm not sure I know anything about what goes on there, do- do you have the right person?

> 

> **Roberts:** If it's not too prying, could you explain why you were trying to board a flight to Spain?

> 

> **Tanner:** I was going on a short holiday, I needed some rest.

> 

> **Roberts:** I see. So why did you travel from Barnsley to Rhoose, when there's a perfectly good airport in Manchester?

> 

> **Tanner:** I decided to visit some family members before I left. I hardly think these questions are important.

> 

> **Roberts:** Yes, my apologies Mr Tanner. But could I just ask, what were you doing with the horse?

> 

> **Tanner:** Do you mean Freddie? Is he okay?

> 

> **Roberts:** Is Freddie the Clydesdale?

> 

> **Tanner:** Yes, that's him. I got him off Charlie Garret, he's an older member of my congregation. Did something happen? Is he okay?

> 

> **Roberts:** Nothing yet, we just want to understand some unusual properties Freddie has. Are you aware of these properties?

> 

> **Tanner:** I think I am. You're talking about the photos, aren't you?

> 

> **Roberts:** Yes, Mr Tanner. Now, how did you discover these properties of Freddie?

> 

> **Tanner:** We have some fairs during the holidays and Charlie brought Freddie to give children rides. A local newspaper was doing a short piece on the fair and they took some photos of Freddie. It was all normal until the photographer starting running around, screaming about whether Freddie was okay. I managed to calm him down, when some other people looked at his photos and starting screaming. After I dealt with them, I decided to take the photos and see what the problem was.

> 

> **Roberts:** So you looked at the photos yourself?

> 

> **Tanner:** No, I asked my deacon to look at them and tell me what he was looking at. It was when he got to the photos of Freddie that he started running about and asking whether the horse was safe. After calming him, I knew Freddie was the root of the problem.

> 

> **Roberts:** So when did you find out about the other unusual properties? Like how people would obey your commands?

> 

> **Tanner:** That was when Charlie went into the hospital, cancer you see. Some of his friends and I went to see him and we started talking about Freddie. He was so worried about what would happen to Freddie if he couldn't look after him and I volunteered to take care of him for a while. He was overjoyed. I made a joke that the church would need more donations if I wanted to feed a horse and everyone just started thrusting money at me, saying they needed to help Freddie.

> 

> **Roberts:** So after all this, why didn't you inform the police?

> 

> **Tanner:** The police? They wouldn't believe me. Even if they did, I can only begin to guess what they'd use Freddie for. Imagine telling hundreds of young boys they needed to go to war to protect a young horse. Oh, it'd be a massacre. No, I couldn't tell the police.

> 

> **Roberts:** I see. Mr Tanner, did you have any ulterior motive for taking care of Freddie?

> 

> **Tanner:** An ulterior motive? Of course not, what kind of motive could I have?

> 

> **Roberts:** Extortion, I think.

> 

> **Tanner:** Extortion! Exactly what do you take me for? I am a man of God, I wouldn't use Freddie like that!

> 

> **Roberts:** You're right Mr Tanner, you are a man of God. You are a man of God who stole over £50,000 from his congregation for his own gain.

> 

> **Tanner:** How dare you!

> 

> **Roberts:** Mr Tanner, please calm down or-

> 

> **Tanner:** No, I will not calm down! You listen to me. You have kidnapped me, stuffed me in a cell like some criminal and now you accuse me of stealing from my own people. Who do you think you are to do this to me? What proof do you have for any of this?

> 

> **Roberts:** Mr Tanner, sit down. As for proof, we talked to your congregation. Apparently, you regularly brought Freddie up in your sermons, often asking for donations to help care for him. Over the last 7 months you also made deposits totalling £50,000 to your personal account, all of which were made after a sermon in which you mentioned Freddie. Finally, you transferred all that money to another account a few hours before you left Barnsley. There's the proof.

> 

> **Tanner:** That, you...I didn't...That doesn't prove anything!

> 

> **Roberts:** I think it does, Mr Tanner. Regardless, we'll be transferring you to the police in a few hours for proper questioning. After that, they'll probably charge you with extortion. If you're lucky, they'll let you out in a few decades.

> 

> **Tanner:** The police? There are police departments for this?

> 

> **Roberts:** Oh yes. Now, if you'll excuse me I'll go to fill out the proper forms for your transfer and-

> 

> **Tanner:** Wait!

> 

> **Roberts:** Yes?

> 

> **Tanner:** If you're not the police, then what are you? Some kind of government contractor?

> 

> **Roberts:** We're independent operators, Mr Tanner. We have no need for government funding.

> 

> **Tanner:** Well, look. I can't go to prison, I can't. Don't turn me over to the police, I'll do anything, I'll give you anything, I'll-

> 

> **Roberts:** We don't care for your money, Mr Tanner. I sincerely doubt that you have much to offer us.

> 

> **Tanner:** The pictures!

> 

> **Roberts:** Pictures?

> 

> **Tanner:** Of Freddie! You said that you had found some pictures. What if I told you that I had more? I have hundreds, thousands, all hidden!

> 

> **Roberts:** And you would be willing to give us these photos? Even though you have no idea what we'd do with them?

> 

> **Tanner:** Oh, come now! You seem like the kind of people who wouldn't hurt Freddie-er, a fly. All I want is to not go to prison. Just let me go to Spain and I'll stay out of your hair.

> 

> **Roberts:** That's all, nothing else?

> 

> **Tanner:** Of course.

> 

> **Roberts:** In that case, Mr Tanner, I have one thing to say to you. If you want to save Freddie's life, then you'll tell us where those pictures are immediately.

> 

> **Tanner:** What? Now, look here you can't be serious-

> 

> **Roberts:** We certainly are.

> 

> **Tanner:** I, they...the pictures are in 12 Richmond Street in Rhoose, hidden behind the wardrobe in the big bedroom.

> 

> **Roberts:** Thank you Mr Tanner. I must say, you hid your exposure very well.

> 

> **Tanner:** Not well enough. How did you find out?

> 

> **Roberts:** Ultimately just a guess, the chances of you not being exposed were minuscule. The fact that you were so composed when we found you was unusual, everybody else who we interviewed was obsessed with Freddie. How is that possible?

> 

> **Tanner:** It isn't.

> 

> **Roberts:** What do you mean?

> 

> **Tanner:** It isn't possible, you can't stop being obsessed with Freddie. All you can do is wait, with the knowledge scratching at your skull, bleeding you dry, until it becomes normal. That happened to me and I wanted to make others understand, so I showed my congregation the pictures. The fact I was able to take their money was just the icing on the cake. I presume you'll be giving me to the police now?

> 

> **Roberts:** No, Mr Tanner. We can't risk you telling the police anything about our conversation. We'll have to keep you here.

> 

> **Tanner:** So, I'm your prisoner?

> 

> **Roberts:** No. Prisoners get paroled.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Closing Note:** The presence of a large number of SCP-6894-1 instances at 12 Richmond Street, Rhoose, Wales was confirmed. In compliance with the orders of Senior Researcher Matthew Roberts, the British Occult Service was not informed of Eli Tanner's capture by the Foundation.

Following his interview with Eli Tanner, Senior Researcher Roberts carried out a series of tests utilising SCP-6894-1 instances to ascertain their effects on sapient beings. On 2007-06-02, Senior Researcher Roberts submitted his proposal for Project Qahhar to Overseer Command.

Following the unanimous approval of Overseer Command, the Project Qahhar proposal was submitted to the Ethics Committee for ethical overview. Project Qahhar was unanimously approved by the Ethics Committee, with Senior Researcher Roberts being promoted to Project Head.

Following the creation of Project Qahhar, Project Head Roberts ordered Eli Tanner to be inputted into [SCP-5562](SCP-5562) to obtain the locations of other SCP-6894-1 instances. No relevant information was outputted.

**Project Qahhar Findings:**

> **Phase 1**

> 

> **Subjects:** Sapient contained anomalies

> 

> **Status:** COMPLETED on 2007-09-12

> 

> **Results:** Exposed anomalies have become more accepting of containment, reducing the rate of containment breaches by 76%. Several anomalies have assisted Foundation personnel in defending against attacks and in recontaining escaped anomalies. The integration of useful anomalies into the Foundation is ongoing.

> **Phase 2**

> 

> **Subjects:** Captured enemy agents

> 

> **Status:** COMPLETED on 2007-12-04

> 

> **Results:** Captured agents have become far more willing to provide information to interrogators, resulting in 12 planned attacks on Foundation bases being foiled with minimal casualties. Several captured agents have volunteered their services to assist the Foundation and to act as spies within their original groups. These plans are ongoing.

> **Phase 3**

> 

> **Subjects:** Foundation personnel

> 

> **Status:** COMPLETED on 2008-05-19

> 

> **Results:** Efficiency has increased by 37% overall. Over 200 embedded enemy agents have confessed and have worked to repair their sabotage of Foundation activities.

> **Phase 4**

> 

> **Subjects:** World Governments and Foundation allies

> 

> **Status:** COMPLETED on 2009-02-27

> 

> **Results:** The Foundation has now been allowed free movement throughout the world. The amalgamation of other paranormal groups has allowed strengthening of Foundation resources in previously hostile regions.

> **Phase 5**

> 

> **Subjects:** Hostile Groups of Interest

> 

> **Status:** COMPLETED on 2009-11-10

> 

> **Results:** The rate of anomalous attacks has decreased by 93%, with casualties decreasing by 78%. The integration of personnel into Foundation activities has increased efficiency by 29% and reduced costs by 18%. 874 stolen anomalies have been returned to Foundation custody.

> **Phase 6**

> 

> **Subjects:** Civilians

> 

> **Status:** COMPLETED on 2010-06-17

> 

> **Results:** Civilian casualties of anomalous events have decreased by 95%. Costs of amnestication have decreased by 98%, with usage being restricted to accidental exposure to harmful cognitohazards. The worldwide acceptance of Foundation control has caused deaths due to disease, famine and war to decrease by 87%.

**Notable Incidents:** On 2008-03-02, during Phase 3 of Project Qahhar, Site-01 and Site-12 were attacked by several rogue Mobile Task Forces, resulting in the immediate deaths of the entirety of Overseer Command and the Ethics Committee. Upon their capture, Project Head Roberts ordered all members of the rogue forces to be immediately terminated due to suspected memetic infection.

Due to being the highest-ranking survivor of the attacks, Project Head Roberts was promoted to the position of Administrator of the Foundation, to ensure stability of leadership until replacement personnel could be promoted.

As of 2018-03-02, none of these positions have been filled.

<< [SCP-6893](SCP-6893) | SCP-6894 | [SCP-6895](SCP-6895) >>
