=  **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM BUREAU OF INFORMATION HANDLING** 

The following file and all included documents, supplementary or otherwise, have been classified for the following reasons:

* **Includes information regarding the harvest and expiration of the planet "Kepler-22b"**

* **Includes vital information regarding the in-progress harvest of the planet "Terra"**

* **Includes vital information regarding the nature of and/or operations of Spectrum**

Viewing permissions of this article are given exclusively to the Documentation Filing employees, as well as the Documentation Review employees, of the following departments, offices, committees, and bureaus, with special exceptions made for reevaluation-based departments, offices, committees, and bureaus:

(in alphabetical order)

Departments:

* Spectrum Department of Citizen Health Management (SDCHM)

* Spectrum Department of Documentation Copy Distribution (SDDCD)

* Spectrum Department of Past-Society Access Key Distribution (SDPSAKD)

* Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeal Request Issuation (SDVDARI)

* Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeals (SDVDA)

Offices:

* Spectrum Office of Benevolence (SOB)

* Spectrum Office of Consumption Intake Assessment Filing (SOCIAF)

* Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology (SODSM)

* Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination (SOIDPD)

* Spectrum Office of Informants for Citizens Related to Accepted Reevaluees (SOICRAR)

* Spectrum Office of Informants for Citizens Related to Rejected Reevaluees (SOICRRR)

* Spectrum Office of Unutilized Documentation Filing (SOUDF)

Committees:

* Spectrum Citizen Punishment committee (SCP)

* Spectrum Voided Documentation Appeals Consideration committee (SVDAC)

Bureaus:

* Spectrum Bureau of Information Handling (SBIH)

* Spectrum Bureau of Malevolence (SBM)

**ALL CITIZENS (REGISTERED OR OTHERWISE) AND EMPLOYEES WHO DO NOT HAVE EXPLICIT PERMISSION TO VIEW THIS FILE AND THE INCLUDED DOCUMENTS WILL BE SUBMITTED FOR REEVALUATION WITH A DECREASED CHANCE OF ACCEPTANCE.**

-Spectrum Bureau of Information Handling

*Spectrum: Your Knowledge is Everyone's Power!*

=  **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM BUREAU OF INFORMATION MISHANDLING** 

The following file and all included documents, supplementary or otherwise, have been refiled due to their inclusion in Documentation Mishandling Case #019, in which ****multiple**** documents were ****lost in transit**** to/with the ****Spectrum Citizen Punishment committee.**** 

The related investigation is currently underway. It has been determined that Documentation Mishandling Case #019 was ****not**** human error. As such, the following procedures are being taken into consideration:

(in order by feasibility)

# Reevaluation or Termination of all members of Pre-Spectrum Organization #286 ("S.C.P. Foundation")

# Forced renaming of Pre-Spectrum Organization #286 ("S.C.P. Foundation") in all manners

# Renaming, reclassifying, and refiling all documents related to the Spectrum Citizen Punishment committee

**ALL CITIZENS (REGISTERED OR OTHERWISE) AND EMPLOYEES WHO DO NOT HAVE EXPLICIT PERMISSION TO VIEW THIS FILE AND THE INCLUDED DOCUMENTS WILL BE SUBMITTED FOR REEVALUATION WITH A DECREASED CHANCE OF ACCEPTANCE.**

-Spectrum Bureau of Information Mishandling

*Spectrum: Your Secrets Are Safe With Us!*

> **BEGINNING OF DOCUMENTATION**

**Item #:** Citizen M38735 - Michael (Mike) Peterson

**Object Class:** Spectrum Authorized Citizen - Escapee

**Special Containment Procedures:** Spectrum Authorized Citizen M38735 is the fully-licensed owner of Home-08 Block-49289, United States of America. It is a Class-7 housing facility. He resides there with three other residents, Citizen F5993245 (Lucille (Lucy) Peterson, Spouse), Citizen F8857861 (Marie Peterson, child), and Citizen F10473960 (Clementine Peterson, child). 

**Description:** Spectrum Authorized Citizen M38735 is an Adult Male, 34 orbits (5,698.7 standardized time units) of age. M38735 has the following features: Brown Hair (Length approx. 5in), Green Eyes. M38735 is approx. 5'11" in height, 1.4' total length (3.6 with arms extended), and weighs approx. 130 lbs. M38735 is an Escapee, but was previously employed at the Spectrum Office of Consumption Intake Assessment Filing as a Quality Control and Assessment agent.

M38735 possesses the following licenses: 

* License to Live

* License to Breathe 

* License to operate sensory receptors 

* License to Think

*  License to Experience Simple Emotion

*  License to Experience Complex Emotion

*  License to Serve

*  License to Speak

*  License to own basic property

*  License to own a housing unit

*  License to Marry

*  License to Reproduce

*  License to Earn Credits

*  License to Parenthood

M38735 has filed for the following licenses, which are pending: 

* License to Die.

M38735 has filed for the following licenses, which are denied: 

* License to Asphyxiate

* License to Escape

* Exemption License for Spectrum Information Acquisition and Regulation.

**Addendum M38735-1:** Not Applicable

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM OFFICE OF DOCUMENTATION STUDY AND METHODOLOGY**

> 

> Spectrum Says: Hello, M38735!

> 

> It appears you have located a documentation method that is not currently utilized by Spectrum. Spectrum currently has 137 instances of this documentation format (excl. outliers). After review of this documentation, the Spectrum Office of Unutilized Documentation Filing, in conjunction with the Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination, has found you guilty of the following discrepancies as they pertain to your completion of a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document type:

> 

> * "Item #" category improperly filled (requires the letters "SCP-" followed by an unused four-digit code.)

> * "Object Class" category improperly filled (requires the use of the terms "Safe," "Euclid," "Keter," etc.)

> * "Special Containment Procedures" category improperly filled (requires a description of a method of containing an entity considered by humans to be abnormal or "anomalous.")

> * "Description" category improperly filled (requires a description of an entity considered to be abnormal or "anomalous.")

> * "Addendum" category improperly filled (requires an attachment or attachments of other related documents.)

> * Documentation submitted from an unauthorized or unknown location.

> 

> Due to the underdeveloped understanding of Miscellaneous "SCP Article" documents, the Spectrum Department of Documentation Study and Methodology has allotted you **four (4)** appeal attempt issuations, including the appeal attempt form found below. Please complete and submit this form as soon as is conceivably possible.

> 

> -Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology (in conjunction with the Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeal Request Issuation.)

> 

> *Spectrum: Be Regal, Stay Legal!*

> **SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400265**

> 

> **ID:** M38735

> 

> **Voided Document Type:** Miscellaneous "SCP Article"

> 

> **Reason for Improper Documentation Completion** Select any of the following that are applicable:

> 

> ( ) I did not intend to complete this document properly.

> (✓) I did not fully understand the purpose of this document.

> ( ) I experienced a health issue which prevented me from completing this document properly.*

> (✓) I did not fully understand what was asked of me for one or more categories.

> ( ) I did not fully understand the words written on the document, although they are in my native language.

> ( ) I did not fully understand the words written on the document as they are written in a language that I do not know well enough.

> ( ) I ran out of writing materials to properly complete the document with.

> ( ) I submitted the document too early.

> ( ) Other**:____

> 

> Place document in nearest documentation acquisition receptacle and a Spectrum Documentation Retrieval process will initiate. 

> 

> *this may require the completion of a supplementary Spectrum Hospitalization Documentation Pamphlet.

> **you may attach an extra sheet of paper to continue writing, if necessary.

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM DEPARTMENT OF VOIDED DOCUMENTATION APPEALS**

> 

> Spectrum says: Hi! My name is E-F40482, your Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeals Associate. It's a pleasure to meet you!

> 

> Recently, you submitted SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400265, in order to appeal the following discrepancies, as they relate to your completion of a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document:

> * "Item #" category improperly filled (requires the letters "SCP-" followed by an unused four-number code.)

> * "Object Class" category improperly filled (requires the use of the terms "Safe," "Euclid," "Keter," etc.)

> * "Special Containment Procedures" category improperly filled (requires a description of a method of containing an abnormal or "anomalous" entity.)

> * "Description" category improperly filled (requires a description of an abnormal or "anomalous" entity.)

> * "Addendum" category improperly filled (requires an attachment or attachments of other related documents.)

> * Documentation submitted from an unauthorized or unknown location.

> 

> On your SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400265, you indicated that these discrepancies occurred because:

> 

> * I did not fully understand the purpose of this document.

> * I did not fully understand what was asked of me for one or more categories.

> 

> After careful review by the Spectrum Voided Documentation Appeals Consideration Committee, your appeal has been **ACCEPTED**. 

> 

> Additionally, the Spectrum Office of Benevolence, in conjunction with the Spectrum Department of Documentation Copy Distribution as well as the Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology, has seen fit to provide you with **one (1)** copy of an accepted Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document to be used as an example. The Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology will be expecting a recompleted Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document to have been submitted within the next **seven (7)** days.

> 

> Yours truly, E-F40482

> Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeals

> 

> *Spectrum: Because Everyone is Different!*

**Item #:** SCP-6606

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6606 cannot be contained.

**Description:** SCP-6606 refers to the worldwide governing body known as "Spectrum," an agency whose leading figures and goals are unknown. 

While not necessarily the case, it is widely believed that Spectrum is the cause of a worldwide anomalous effect which forces all human individuals to complete any documentation when said documentation is detected by their main senses. When a stack of the same documentation type is detected, only one must be completed. When a document is complete, the affected human will return the document to a "documentation acquisition receptacle." This is most-often defined as the area that the documentation was acquired from, although items such as mailboxes, mail deposit slots, bank capsule chutes, etc. have been known to satisfy this as well. Once a completed document is placed in a "documentation acquisition receptacle," the document disappears. Where the document goes, if anywhere, is currently unknown. 

Spectrum has been known to implement global laws, the results of which require most, if not all citizens, to complete large amounts of documents. This is often to allow the citizen to acquire a certain kind of license, complete a certain census, apply for services of any sort, etc.

**Addendum 6606-1:** Notice on Front Door of Abandoned Facility

> To whoever finds this note, I'm sorry. We've failed you. We tried to fight them as best as we could, but like they did to everyone else, they systematically tore us apart. Anything we tried to do, they had some sort of solution for. The last solution we have is to evacuate. We have managed to prevent a great number of things from taking humanity apart, but somehow, they managed to slip between our fingers and bite us. 

> We have gathered a group comprised of people that we believe will allow us to start over elsewhere, wherever "else" may be. 

> 

> We don't know where we're going, only that, like cowards, we are going there.

> 

> -Dr. Patra, and what remains of Site-19.

**Addendum 6606-2:** Miscellaneous, Potentially-Related Documentation

> **Lunar Site-32 Observatory Report:** June 23rd, 2023.

> 

> At 02:34 GMT, the Foundation Deep Space Telescope "Osiris" transmitted an image of the extrasolar planet "Kepler-22b" (*KOI-087.01*) as part of a routine bimonthly image capturing of terra analogues. As opposed to the planet's usual blue coloration due to it being an "ocean planet", the planet possessed a green coloration with a large purple spot. Further image analysis showed the planet to be covered in the bodies of humanoid aquatic extraterrestrials, floating motionless on the planet's surface. A spacecraft can be seen rising from the mass of bodies, believed to be an escape vessel. The cause of this mass extinction event is unknown.

> **Electronic Message Printout:** September 07th, 2024.

> 

> **To:** Site-17 Director █████, O5-Command

> **From:** Site-19 Director ██████

> 

> **Body:** We've not made a mistake. You need to remain immediately. Check your watch. The launch did go as planned, our coordinates were not changed and we are aiming at Spectrum.

> **Electronic Message Printout:** September 07th, 2024.

> 

> **To:** Site-19 Director ██████, O5-Command

> **From:** Site-17 Director █████

> 

> **Body:** You're fucking right, this was not a fucking mistake. We're evacuating. I don't know who you are, but I know for god damn sure that we would not destroy ourselves. You don't know what kind of ungodly terrors you've unleashed. We're all doomed. Fuck you and your entire godforsaken species. 

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM OFFICE OF DOCUMENTATION STUDY AND METHODOLOGY**

> 

> Spectrum Says: Hello, M38735!

> 

> It appears you have attempted to resubmit a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document. Spectrum currently has 137 instances of this documentation format (excl. outliers). After review of this documentation, the Spectrum Office of Unutilized Documentation Filing, in conjunction with the Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination, has found you guilty of the following discrepancies as they pertain to your completion of a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document type:

> 

> * "Object Class" category filled incorrectly (Entity is not considered a "Euclid" class "anomaly.")

> * "Special Containment Procedures" category lacks information (Must elaborate further.)

> * "Description" category lacks information (Must elaborate further.)

> * "Addendum" category lacks documentation (Requires more documentation to provide more context and/or information.)

> * Documentation submitted from an unauthorized or unknown location.

> * Documentation includes expletives.

> 

> Due to the underdeveloped understanding of Miscellaneous "SCP Article" documents, the Spectrum Department of Documentation Study and Methodology has allotted you four (4) appeal attempt issuations. As you have already used **one (1)** appeal attempt, you now have **three (3)** appeal attempts remaining. Please complete and submit this appeal attempt form as soon as is conceivably possible.

> 

> -Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology (in conjunction with the Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeal Request Issuation.)

> 

> *Spectrum: Be Regal, Stay Legal!*

> **SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400271**

> 

> **ID:** M38735

> 

> **Voided Document Type:** Miscellaneous "SCP Article"

> 

> **Reason for Improper Documentation Completion** Select any of the following that are applicable:

> 

> ( ) I did not intend to complete this document properly.

> (✓) I did not fully understand the purpose of this document.

> ( ) I experienced a health issue which prevented me from completing this document properly.*

> ( ) I did not fully understand what was asked of me for one or more categories.

> (✓) I did not fully understand the words written on the document, although they are in my native language.

> ( ) I did not fully understand the words written on the document as they are written in a language that I do not know well enough.

> ( ) I ran out of writing materials to properly complete the document with.

> ( ) I submitted the document too early.

> (✓) Other**:**I could not locate enough related supplementary documentation.**

> 

> Place document in nearest documentation acquisition receptacle and a Spectrum Documentation Retrieval process will initiate. 

> 

> *this may require the completion of a supplementary Spectrum Hospitalization Documentation Pamphlet.

> **you may attach an extra sheet of paper to continue writing, if necessary.

> **Supplementary Document for Spectrum Improper Documentation Appeal Form #8772400271**

> 

> Other: I do not know where I am.

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM DEPARTMENT OF VOIDED DOCUMENTATION APPEALS**

> 

> Spectrum says: Hi! My name is E-F40482, your Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeals Associate. It's a pleasure to write to you again!

> 

> Recently, you submitted SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400271, in order to appeal the following discrepancies, as they relate to your completion of a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document:

> * "Object Class" category filled incorrectly (Entity is not considered a "Euclid" class "anomaly.")

> * "Special Containment Procedures" category lacks information (Must elaborate further.)

> * "Description" category lacks information (Must elaborate further.)

> * "Addendum" category lacks documentation (Requires more documentation to provide more context and/or information.)

> * Documentation submitted from an unauthorized or unknown location.

> * Documentation includes expletives.

> 

> On your SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400265, you indicated that these discrepancies occurred because:

> 

> * I did not fully understand the purpose of this document.

> * I did not fully understand the words written on the document, although they are in my native language.

> * "I could not locate enough related supplementary documentation."

> * "I do not know where I am."

> 

> After careful review by the Spectrum Voided Documentation Appeals Consideration Committee, your appeal has been **ACCEPTED**. 

> 

> Additionally, the Spectrum Office of Benevolence, in conjunction with the Spectrum Department of Past-Society Access Key Distribution, the Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology, as well as the Spectrum Department of Geological Location Information has seen fit to provide you with:

> 

> * **One (1)** "Level 4" keycard for an "SCP Site" Past-Society facility to be used in the acquisition of supplementary documentation. 

> * **One (1)** United States Global Positioning Tracker to determine your exact current location. 

> 

> The Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology will be expecting a recompleted Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document to have been submitted within the next **seven (7)** days.

> 

> Additionally, the Spectrum Department of Geological Location Information will be expecting a completed Current Location Form to have been submitted within the next **seven (7)** days.

> 

> Yours truly, E-F40482

> Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeals

> 

> *Spectrum: Because Everyone is Different!*

**Item #:** SCP-6606

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6606 cannot be contained. Thusly, Foundation efforts should be focused on neutralization. At the time of writing, all attempts to neutralize SCP-6606 have failed.

**Description:** SCP-6606 refers to a large spacefaring vessel. The vessel is believed to be roughly 1/16th the size of the Earth, and remains in place roughly 175,000km above ocean level, within the planet's exosphere.

SCP-6606 is theorized to be the cause of a worldwide anomaly which affects all recorded documentation, as this anomaly only began following its arrival to earth's atmosphere. SCP-6606 is capable of changing any form of recorded information in any manner. SCP-6606 is capable of editing written documents, audio and video recordings, electronic text and messages, radio waves and frequencies, artistic depictions, photographs (both physical and digital), animated images, etc. Regardless of the quality of the editing, any human that perceives the edited information will treat it as though it were the original copy, and that the information, no matter how incorrect, illogical, or nonsensical it may be, is both factual, regular, and normal. 

The editing of recorded information is done instantaneously and can occur at any moment. It is believed that SCP-6606 is capable of perceiving any and all records and the information contained within at all times. SCP-6606 has used these abilities to manipulate vital, sometimes confidential and/or classified information from the ranks of all major world governments and organizations, including the SCP Foundation. This has lead to the collapse of most, if not all major governments, allowing itself to take their place and establish authority over humanity.

The entities that reside within SCP-6606, if any, are believed to be the cause of a worldwide psychological anomaly. Humans affected by said anomaly will experience an intense psychological effect which causes them to feel the urge to complete any unfinished documents which have yet to be completed when they become aware of said documents. When a stack of the same documentation type is detected by an infected individual, only one must be completed. Additionally, individuals will only experience this effect when the documentation appears to be directly intended for them to complete, or when the documentation does not appear to be directed at anyone in particular. 

When a document is complete, the affected human will return the document to a "documentation acquisition receptacle." This is most-often defined as the area that the documentation was acquired from, although items such as mailboxes, mail deposit slots, bank capsule chutes, etc. have been known to satisfy this as well. Once a completed document is placed in a "documentation acquisition receptacle," the document disappears. Where the document goes, if anywhere, is currently unknown.

SCP-6606's reason for causing this anomaly and method by which it is caused is unknown.  

**Addendum 6606-1:** Notice on Front Door of Abandoned Facility

> To whoever finds this note, I'm sorry. We've failed you. We tried to fight them as best as we could, but like they did to everyone else, they systematically tore us apart. Anything we tried to do, they had some sort of solution for. The last solution we have is to evacuate. We have managed to prevent a great number of things from taking humanity apart, but somehow, they managed to slip between our fingers and bite us. 

> We have gathered a group comprised of people that we believe will allow us to start over elsewhere, wherever "else" may be. 

> 

> We don't know where we're going, only that, like cowards, we are going there.

> 

> -Dr. Patra, and what remains of Site-19.

**Addendum 6606-2:** 6/23/2023

> **Lunar Site-32 Observatory Report:** June 23rd, 2023.

> 

> At 02:34 GMT, the Foundation Deep Space Telescope "Osiris" transmitted an image of the extrasolar planet "Kepler-22b" (*KOI-087.01*) as part of a routine bimonthly image capturing of terra analogues. As opposed to the planet's usual blue coloration due to it being an "ocean planet", the planet possessed a green coloration with a large purple spot. Further image analysis showed the planet to be covered in the bodies of humanoid aquatic extraterrestrials, floating motionless on the planet's surface. A spacecraft can be seen rising from the mass of bodies, believed to be an escape vessel. The cause of this mass extinction event is unknown.

> **Lunar Site-32 Observatory Report:** June 24th, 2023.

> 

> At 16:11 GMT, researchers at the Site-32 Observatory noted that a large spacecraft of purple coloration entered direct observation range. Assuming the vessel is completely solid, it is estimated to be ~62,004,931,000km^3, roughly 1/16 the size of the planet Earth. At 23:42, the vessel came to rest in Earth's exosphere, ~175,000km above sea level. Due to the size of the vessel and the proximity of the vessel to the planet, it is believed to be visible from all locations on earth. Therefor, Site-32 recommends an operation normalizing government communication with extraterrestrials to ensure peace, or neutralizing the vessel ASAP.

**Addendum 6606-3:** 7/16/2023

> **Operation Phone Home Daily Report:** July 16th, 2023

> 

> Attempts to establish radio communications with the vessel have officially failed. We have exhausted all possible radio/satellite communication methods. We will continue attempting various methods of communication. We are taking a break day tomorrow and then we will attempt to communicate via visual methods.

> 

> -Lunar Site-32

> **Operation Phone Home Daily Report:** September 24th, 2023

> 

> Attempts to gain any attention from the vessel have failed. We have attempted to gain the vessel's interest via light redirection, audio disruptions, electromagnetic pulses, and various images, documents, and videos broadcasted onto the side of the vessel. We are suggesting the use of anomalous methods of gaining the attention of the vessel in order to establish communication. 

> 

> Additionally, it has been suggested by some staff members that there may not be any sentient lifeforms aboard the vessel, or that the vessel may not be hollow to begin with. 

> 

> We will await O5 approval for the use of anomalous communication methods.

> -Lunar Site-32

> **Operation Phone Home Daily Report:** May 2nd, 2024

> 

> Attempts to communicate with SCP-6606 through anomalous methods have officially failed. The use of safe and "thaumiel" class anomalies to communicate with SCP-6606 have all failed, and attempts to communicate with SCP-6606 via thaumaturgy and other magic-based methods have all failed. We recommend declaring communications with SCP-6606 to be a lost cause. As SCP-6606 has made no alterations to its state of being since its arrival, many on-site staff members believe SCP-6606 to be empty and/or pilotless. 

> 

> In the interest of precaution, we continue to recommend neutralizing SCP-6606 ASAP.

> 

> -Lunar Site-32

**Addendum 6606-4:** 9/7/2024

> **LAUNCH COMMANDS:** Project Welcome Carpet

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 1:** (16:00:00) 38.9° N, 77.0° W Geographic Coordinate System (United States Capital Building)

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 2:** (16:15:00) 40.7° N, 74.0° W Geographic Coordinate System (United Nations Headquarters)

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 3:** (16:30:00) 39.0° N, 118.2° W Geographic Coordinate System (Site-17)

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 4:** (16:45:00) Current Location (Site-19)

> **Project Welcome Carpet Report**

> 

> Payload 1 successful

> 

> Payload 2 successful

> 

> Payload 3 successful

> 

> Error, Payload 4 does not exist.

> 

> **Project Report Notes:** Oh █No█.

> **Electronic Message Printout:** September 07th, 2024.

> 

> **To:** Site-17 Director █████, O5-Command

> **From:** Site-19 Director ██████

> 

> **Body:** We've not made a mistake. You need to remain immediately. Check your watch. The launch did go as planned, our coordinates were not changed and we are aiming at Spectrum.

> **Electronic Message Printout:** September 07th, 2024.

> 

> **To:** Site-19 Director ██████, O5-Command

> **From:** Site-17 Director █████

> 

> **Body:** You're freaking right, this was not a freaking mistake. We're evacuating. I don't know who you are, but I know for gosh dang sure that we would not destroy ourselves. You don't know what kind of ungodly terrors you've unleashed. We're all doomed. ████████I hate your███████████████████ species. 

**Additional Spectrum Attachments:**

> **SPECTRUM CURRENT LOCATION FORM**

> 

> Name: C-M38735

> 

> Continent: **North America**

> Country: **The United States of America**

> State/Providence: **Arizona**

> Geographic Coordinates: 

> Building/Location Name (opt.):

> 

> Additional Notes: Global Positioning Tracker failed to determine location.

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM OFFICE OF DOCUMENTATION STUDY AND METHODOLOGY**

> 

> Spectrum Says: Hello, M38735!

> 

> It appears you have attempted to resubmit a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document. Spectrum currently has 137 instances of this documentation format (excl. outliers). After review of this documentation, the Spectrum Office of Unutilized Documentation Filing, in conjunction with the Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination, has found you guilty of the following discrepancies as they pertain to your completion of a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document type:

> 

> * "Object Class" category filled incorrectly (Entity is not considered a "Keter" class "anomaly.")

> * "Special Containment Procedures" category lacks information (Must elaborate further.)

> * "Description" category lacks information (Must elaborate further.)

> * "Addendum" category lacks documentation (Requires more documentation to provide more context and/or information.)

> * Documentation submitted from an unauthorized or unknown location.

> 

> Due to the underdeveloped understanding of Miscellaneous "SCP Article" documents, the Spectrum Department of Documentation Study and Methodology has allotted you four (4) appeal attempt issuations. As you have already used **two (2)** appeal attempts, you now have **two (2)** appeal attempts remaining. Please complete and submit this appeal attempt form as soon as is conceivably possible.

> 

> -Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology (in conjunction with the Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeal Request Issuation.)

> 

> *Spectrum: Be Regal, Stay Legal!*

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM DEPARTMENT OF GEOLOGICAL LOCATION INFORMATION**

> 

> Spectrum Says: Howdy, M38735! 

> 

> It appears you have attempted to submit a Spectrum Current Location Form. After review of this documentation, the Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination has found you guilty of the following discrepancies as they pertain to your completion of a Spectrum Current Location Form:

> 

> * "Geographic Coordinates" category incomplete.

> 

> After manual review of your submitted document due to the included notations, the discrepancies still stand for the following reasons:

> 

> * Spectrum technology does not malfunction.

> 

> The Spectrum Department of Benevolence has granted you **one (1)** pardon for this discrepancy. The Spectrum Department of Geological Location Information will be expecting a recompleted Spectrum Current Location Form to have been submitted within the next **seven (7)** days. 

> 

> In order to encourage proper and complete submissions, the Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination, in conjunction with the Spectrum Bureau of Malevolence, has submitted the following citizens to the Spectrum Citizen Punishment committee for reevaluation:

> 

> * C-F10473960 (Clementine Peterson, child)

> * C-F8857861 (Marie Peterson, child)

> 

> Please recomplete a Spectrum Current Location Form as soon as is conceivably possible.

> 

> -Spectrum Department of Geological Location Information

> 

> *Spectrum: Where You're Always in the Right Place!*

> **SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400294**

> 

> **ID:** M38735

> 

> **Voided Document Type:** Miscellaneous "SCP Article"

> 

> **Reason for Improper Documentation Completion** Select any of the following that are applicable:

> 

> ( ) I did not intend to complete this document properly.

> (✓) I did not fully understand the purpose of this document.

> ( ) I experienced a health issue which prevented me from completing this document properly.*

> ( ) I did not fully understand what was asked of me for one or more categories.

> (✓) I did not fully understand the words written on the document, although they are in my native language.

> ( ) I did not fully understand the words written on the document as they are written in a language that I do not know well enough.

> ( ) I ran out of writing materials to properly complete the document with.

> ( ) I submitted the document too early.

> (✓) Other**:**I could not locate enough related supplementary documentation.**

> 

> Place document in nearest documentation acquisition receptacle and a Spectrum Documentation Retrieval process will initiate. 

> 

> *this may require the completion of a supplementary Spectrum Hospitalization Documentation Pamphlet.

> **you may attach an extra sheet of paper to continue writing, if necessary.

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM DEPARTMENT OF VOIDED DOCUMENTATION APPEALS**

> 

> Spectrum says: Hi! My name is E-F40482, your Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeals Associate. It's always wonderful to hear from you!

> 

> Recently, you submitted SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400271, in order to appeal the following discrepancies, as they relate to your completion of a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document:

> * "Object Class" category filled incorrectly (Entity is not considered a "Keter" class "anomaly.")

> * "Special Containment Procedures" category lacks information (Must elaborate further.)

> * "Description" category lacks information (Must elaborate further.)

> * "Addendum" category lacks documentation (Requires more documentation to provide more context and/or information.)

> * Documentation submitted from an unauthorized or unknown location.

> 

> On your SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400294, you indicated that these discrepancies occurred because:

> 

> * I did not fully understand the purpose of this document.

> * I did not fully understand the words written on the document, although they are in my native language.

> * "I could not locate enough related supplementary documentation."

> 

> After careful review by the Spectrum Voided Documentation Appeals Consideration Committee, your appeal has been **ACCEPTED**. 

> 

> Additionally, the Spectrum Office of Benevolence, in conjunction with the Spectrum Department of Past-Society Access Key Distribution, the Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology, as well as the Spectrum Department of Geological Location Information has seen fit to provide you with:

> 

> * **One (1)** "Level 5" keycard for an "SCP Site" Past-Society facility to be used in the acquisition of supplementary documentation. 

> * **One (1)** Biocopy of an Oculus Dexter (Right Eye), previously belonging to Unauthorized Citizen 231 (Unknown "O5-8" Unknown) to be used in the acquisition of supplementary documentation.

> * **One (1)** Biocopy of a Right Pollex (Right Thumb), previously belonging to Unauthorized Citizen 231 (Unknown "O5-8" Unknown) to be used in the acquisition of supplementary documentation.

> 

> The Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology will be expecting a recompleted Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document to have been submitted within the next **seven (7)** days.

> 

> In order to encourage proper and complete submissions, the Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination, in conjunction with the Spectrum Bureau of Malevolence, has submitted the following citizens to the Spectrum Citizen Punishment committee for reevaluation:

> 

> * C-F5993245 (Lucille (Lucy) Peterson, Spouse)

> 

> Yours truly, E-F40482

> Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeals

> 

> *Spectrum: Because Everyone is Different!*

**Item #:** SCP-6606

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** I know somewhere in this process, a human is going to read this. You have to give it your stamp of approval, tack on some notes, ship it to the next department. I know there are real people who read this who maybe felt compassion once, and maybe still do, and if you do then please help me. 

**Description:** 

 Please, don't take them. I'll do anything for you, anything at all, just let them live. I'll give you my entire life, I'll saw off my arms and legs, please. Take me instead, not them, just givethemback. God fucking damnit, I just wanted to see them again, just one more time, that's all I want. Keep me in a cage and make me do all the work you could ever dream of, I don't care, just put them back home, please. Please. please. please.   Please, if you're real, if you're a person, if you have a FUCKING soul, please give them back.  

 oh god, oh god, why, I'm sorry Lucy. Marie, Clementine, I'm so sorry.

Please forgive me. 

 help me. 

**Addendum 6606-1:** Notice on Front Door of Abandoned Facility

> To whoever finds this note, I'm sorry. We've failed you. We tried to fight them as best as we could, but like they did to everyone else, they systematically tore us apart. Anything we tried to do, they had some sort of solution for. The last solution we have is to evacuate. We have managed to prevent a great number of things from taking humanity apart, but somehow, they managed to slip between our fingers and bite us. 

> We have gathered a group comprised of people that we believe will allow us to start over elsewhere, wherever "else" may be. 

> 

> We don't know where we're going, only that, like cowards, we are going there.

> 

> -Dr. Patra, and what remains of Site-19.

**Addendum 6606-2:** 6/23/2023

> **Lunar Site-32 Observatory Report:** June 23rd, 2023.

> 

> At 02:34 GMT, the Foundation Deep Space Telescope "Osiris" transmitted an image of the extrasolar planet "Kepler-22b" (*KOI-087.01*) as part of a routine bimonthly image capturing of terra analogues. As opposed to the planet's usual blue coloration due to it being an "ocean planet", the planet possessed a green coloration with a large purple spot. Further image analysis showed the planet to be covered in the bodies of humanoid aquatic extraterrestrials, floating motionless on the planet's surface. A spacecraft can be seen rising from the mass of bodies, believed to be an escape vessel. The cause of this mass extinction event is unknown.

> **Lunar Site-32 Observatory Report:** June 24th, 2023.

> 

> At 16:11 GMT, researchers at the Site-32 Observatory noted that a large spacecraft of purple coloration entered direct observation range. Assuming the vessel is completely solid, it is estimated to be ~62,004,931,000km^3, roughly 1/16 the size of the planet Earth. At 23:42, the vessel came to rest in Earth's exosphere, ~175,000km above sea level. Due to the size of the vessel and the proximity of the vessel to the planet, it is believed to be visible from all locations on earth. Therefor, Site-32 recommends an operation normalizing government communication with extraterrestrials to ensure peace, or neutralizing the vessel ASAP.

**Addendum 6606-3:** 7/16/2023

> **Operation Phone Home Daily Report:** July 16th, 2023

> 

> Attempts to establish radio communications with the vessel have officially failed. We have exhausted all possible radio/satellite communication methods. We will continue attempting various methods of communication. We are taking a break day tomorrow and then we will attempt to communicate via visual methods.

> 

> -Lunar Site-32

> **Operation Phone Home Daily Report:** September 24th, 2023

> 

> Attempts to gain any attention from the vessel have failed. We have attempted to gain the vessel's interest via light redirection, audio disruptions, electromagnetic pulses, and various images, documents, and videos broadcasted onto the side of the vessel. We are suggesting the use of anomalous methods of gaining the attention of the vessel in order to establish communication. 

> 

> Additionally, it has been suggested by some staff members that there may not be any sentient lifeforms aboard the vessel, or that the vessel may not be hollow to begin with. 

> 

> We will await O5 approval for the use of anomalous communication methods.

> -Lunar Site-32

> **Operation Phone Home Daily Report:** May 2nd, 2024

> 

> Attempts to communicate with SCP-6606 through anomalous methods have officially failed. The use of safe and "thaumiel" class anomalies to communicate with SCP-6606 have all failed, and attempts to communicate with SCP-6606 via thaumaturgy and other magic-based methods have all failed. We recommend declaring communications with SCP-6606 to be a lost cause. As SCP-6606 has made no alterations to its state of being since its arrival, many on-site staff members believe SCP-6606 to be empty and/or pilotless. 

> 

> In the interest of precaution, we continue to recommend neutralizing SCP-XXXX ASAP.

> 

> -Lunar Site-32

**Addendum 6606-4:** 5/21/2024

> **Area-12 Emergency Isolation Alert:** May 5th, 2024

> 

> **ALERT: ALL FACILITIES. ENGAGE FACILITY LOCKDOWNS. UNKNOWN AIRBORNE PATHOGEN DETECTED. SEAL OFF INFECTED AREAS AND ENGAGE OXYGEN RECYCLING SYSTEMS.**

> **Lunar Site-32 Emergency Message:** May 5th, 2024

> 

> At 12:36pm GMT, SCP-6606 was observed creating small ripples in its outer "hull." Closer observation via high-power telescope shows that SCP-6606 may have produced something during this process. Keep your eyes peeled, home team. God knows what it just sent your way. 

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 6th, 2024

> 

> Our entire observation and containment wing has been contaminated. Most systems within are being operated by AI constructs or infected personnel. We've sealed off a small section of the building, mostly the break room and some offices, and flooded an office with contaminated air for closer study. 

> 

> Whatever this is has almost certainly infected most of the public. There's a lot of it and it seems to infect humans quite quickly. Restrict outside travel unless deemed necessary. Use O2 tanks from your facility's recycler along with a rebreather when moving outdoors. 

> 

> Personnel are dropping off the Health Signifier, life signs aren't being returned and neither are their locations. Stay safe, stay alert, stay secure.

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 7th, 2024

> 

> A few microscopes in storage have been salvaged. We're attempting methods of containing the pathogen in a smaller, more easily-observable container. We'd like to request a C4 Explosive Charge to be detonated at Facility Door 7. 

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 9th, 2024

> 

> What's left of us is huddled in the break room, or rather, the contained portions of it. We will be making no further requests. 

> 

> Dr. Connors managed to slide a small dish of air contaminated with the pathogen through the air duct before the automatic seals dropped. He climbed into the vent and the door crushed his arm. Please remember him.

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 10th, 2024

> 

> It is not a pathogen, it is a machine. Hundreds of thousands of them, smaller than our eyes can see. None of us are robotics experts, but given that they have adamantly attempted to avoid observation, even within the dish, we believe that they are either:

> 

> A. Each controlled by their own AI.

> 

> B. Being controlled by something else.

> 

> C. Both

> 

> We're operating under assumption A, if only because we don't want to imagine the other two.

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 11th, 2024

> 

> There was a series of "booms" earlier today. The facility shook slightly but there was no major damage. Of note, however, is that we briefly lost connection to each of our Health Signifiers and Communication Bands. Dr. Brooks, who was contaminated in the "Door 7 Mishap" knocked on the door to the break room and held a note against the window of the door for us to read. "Went to armory. EMPs didn't stop them."

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 13th, 2024

> 

> There's a couple of Level-1s in the Filing Room. We just assumed that the nanobots took them and then did whatever it is that they do. We knew infected personnel had been dropping life signals but we never knew why. 

> 

> We all got a slip of paper in our pockets today, a copy of mine is attached below.

> 

>> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM OFFICE OF INFORMANTS FOR CITIZENS RELATED TO REJECTED REEVALUEES**

>> 

>> Spectrum Says: Hello, Unregistered Citizen M2167!

>> 

>> On May 8th, 2024, F21735 (Clairice "Level-One" Sinclaire) was submitted for reevaluation for the following reasons:

>> 

>> * Failure to complete a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document (x27)

>> * Failure to complete a Miscellaneous "Area-12 Item Requisition Form" document (x135)

>> * Failure to complete a Miscellaneous "Area-12 Staff Requisition Form" document (x238)

>> * Failure to complete a Miscellaneous "Area-12 Major Operation Request Form" document (x22)

>> * Failure to complete a Miscellaneous Unspecified Document Type (x1,624)

>> * Failure to submit a Spectrum Hospitalization Documentation Pamphlet on behalf of F21748 (Christine "One-er" Stanfield) to report a(n): Expiration. 

>> 

>> We regret to inform you that F21735 **FAILED** reevaluation.

>>

>> -Spectrum Office of Informants for Citizens Related to Rejected Reevaluees

>> 

>> *Spectrum: Family and Friends, Together!*

> 

> All of ours said the same thing, excluding our "Unregistered Citizen" number. This is going to be our last communication. We took a vote and we've decided, almost unanimously, that none of us want to exist in a world where you can be kidnapped or killed or whatever the hell it is that they do just for not completing a sheet of paper. We also made a majority vote against starvation. We’re out of food, comms are down, we can’t establish communication that doesn’t get intercepted somewhere in the middle. Unless the alert system has been compromised, our containment facilities seem to be operating fine without us anyway. Hell, maybe they're doing our work for us at this point.

> 

> Point is, we're going to the armory. We'll get contaminated on the way there, but we don't plan to leave the armory once we get there anyway. None of us know anything about robotics anyway. We've got a final request, on behalf of the entire team. Please, neutralize them. Please kill that motherloving█ thing in the sky. Or things. Whatever.

> 

> Good luck in the new world, and godspeed.

> -Area Director Matthew Adams

> **O5 Council Voting Log:** May 17th, 2024

> 

> **Topic:** Neutralization of SCP-6606

> 

> **In Favor:** 13

> 

> **In Opposition:** 0

> 

> **Final Notes:** We've never attempted to destroy something so large. We will compile all explosive weaponry available and safe to launch. It will take some time, but it's the best choice we have. -O5-8

**Addendum 6606-5:** 9/7/2024

> **LAUNCH COMMANDS:** Project Welcome Carpet

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 1:** (16:00:00) 38.9° N, 77.0° W Geographic Coordinate System (United States Capital Building)

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 2:** (16:15:00) 40.7° N, 74.0° W Geographic Coordinate System (United Nations Headquarters)

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 3:** (16:30:00) 39.0° N, 118.2° W Geographic Coordinate System (Site-17)

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 4:** (16:45:00) Current Location (Site-19)

> **Project Welcome Carpet Report**

> 

> Payload 1 successful

> 

> Payload 2 successful

> 

> Payload 3 successful

> 

> Error, Payload 4 does not exist.

> 

> **Project Report Notes:** Oh █No█.

> **Electronic Message Printout:** September 07th, 2024.

> 

> **To:** Site-17 Director █████, O5-Command

> **From:** Site-19 Director ██████

> 

> **Body:** We've not made a mistake. You need to remain immediately. Check your watch. The launch did go as planned, our coordinates were not changed and we are aiming at Spectrum.

> **Electronic Message Printout:** September 07th, 2024.

> 

> **To:** Site-19 Director ██████, O5-Command

> **From:** Site-17 Director █████

> 

> **Body:** You're freaking right, this was not a freaking mistake. We're evacuating. I don't know who you are, but I know for gosh dang sure that we would not destroy ourselves. You don't know what kind of ungodly terrors you've unleashed. We're all doomed. ████████I hate your███████████████████ species. 

> **O5 Council Voting Log:** September 8th, 2024

> 

> **Topic:** Declaring Evac-Red

> 

> **In Favor:** 11

> 

> **In Opposition:** 1

> 

> **Abstained:** 1

> 

> **Final Notes:** O5-12 believed we could still salvage this. O5-8 shot themselves with a 12-gauge the night before. Evac-Red information must be relayed exclusively through word-of-mouth. 

**Additional Spectrum Attachments:**

> **SPECTRUM CURRENT LOCATION FORM**

> 

> Name: C-M38735

> 

> Continent: **North America**

> Country: **The United States of America**

> State/Providence: **Arizona**

> Geographic Coordinates: **33.7450° N, 112.6329° W**

> Building/Location Name (opt.): **Site-19**

> 

> Additional Notes: Data acquired via on-site terminal.

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM OFFICE OF DOCUMENTATION STUDY AND METHODOLOGY**

> 

> Spectrum Says: Hello, M38735!

> 

> It appears you have attempted to resubmit a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document. Spectrum currently has 137 instances of this documentation format (excl. outliers). After review of this documentation, the Spectrum Office of Unutilized Documentation Filing, in conjunction with the Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination, has found you guilty of the following discrepancies as they pertain to your completion of a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document type:

> 

> * "Object Class" category filled incorrectly (Entity is not considered a "Safe" class anomaly)

> * "Special Containment Procedures" category lacks information (Must elaborate further.)

> * "Description" category improperly filled (requires a description of an abnormal or "anomalous" entity.)

> * "Addendum" category lacks documentation (Requires more documentation to provide more context and/or information.)

> * Documentation contains punctuation errors (x3)

> * Documentation contains grammatical errors (x4)

> * Documentation contains expletives.

> * Documentation written with improper tonality. 

> * Documentation submitted from an unauthorized or unknown location.

> 

> Due to the underdeveloped understanding of Miscellaneous "SCP Article" documents, the Spectrum Department of Documentation Study and Methodology has allotted you four (4) appeal attempt issuations. As you have already used **three (3)** appeal attempts, you now have **one (1)** appeal attempts remaining. Please complete and submit this appeal attempt form as soon as is conceivably possible.

> 

> -Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology (in conjunction with the Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeal Request Issuation.)

> 

> *Spectrum: Be Regal, Stay Legal!*

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM DEPARTMENT OF GEOLOGICAL LOCATION INFORMATION**

> 

> Spectrum Says: Howdy, M38735! 

> 

> It appears you have attempted to submit a Spectrum Current Location Form. After review of this documentation, it has been **ACCEPTED.**

> 

> -Spectrum Department of Geological Location Information

> 

> *Spectrum: Where You're Always in the Right Place!*

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM OFFICE OF INFORMATS FOR CITIZENS RELATED TO ACCEPTED REEVALUEES**

> 

> Spectrum Says: Hello, M38735!

> 

> On February 17th, 2032, C-F10473960 (Clementine Peterson) was submitted for reevaluation for the following reasons:

> 

> * Purpose determined by the Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination, in conjunction with the Spectrum Bureau of Malevolence (see M38735 Spectrum Department of Geological Location Information Notice #1)

> 

> We are happy to inform you that F10473960 **PASSED** reevaluation.

>

> -Spectrum Office of Informants for Citizens Related to Accepted Reevaluees

> 

> *Spectrum: Family and Friends, Together!*

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM OFFICE OF INFORMATS FOR CITIZENS RELATED TO ACCEPTED REEVALUEES**

> 

> Spectrum Says: Hello, M38735!

> 

> On February 17th, 2032, C-F8857861 (Marie Peterson) was submitted for reevaluation for the following reasons:

> 

> * Purpose determined by the Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination, in conjunction with the Spectrum Bureau of Malevolence (see M38735 Spectrum Department of Geological Location Information Notice #1)

> 

> We are happy to inform you that F8857861 **PASSED** reevaluation.

>

> -Spectrum Office of Informants for Citizens Related to Accepted Reevaluees

> 

> *Spectrum: Family and Friends, Together!*

> **SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400306**

> 

> **ID:** M38735

> 

> **Voided Document Type:** Miscellaneous "SCP Article"

> 

> **Reason for Improper Documentation Completion** Select any of the following that are applicable:

> 

> ( ) I did not intend to complete this document properly.

> ( ) I did not fully understand the purpose of this document.

> (✓) I experienced a health issue which prevented me from completing this document properly.*

> ( ) I did not fully understand what was asked of me for one or more categories.

> (✓) I did not fully understand the words written on the document, although they are in my native language.

> ( ) I did not fully understand the words written on the document as they are written in a language that I do not know well enough.

> ( ) I ran out of writing materials to properly complete the document with.

> ( ) I submitted the document too early.

> (✓) Other**:**I could not locate enough related supplementary documentation.**

> 

> Place document in nearest documentation acquisition receptacle and a Spectrum Documentation Retrieval process will initiate. 

> 

> *this may require the completion of a supplementary Spectrum Hospitalization Documentation Pamphlet.

> **you may attach an extra sheet of paper to continue writing, if necessary.

> **SPECTRUM HOSPITALIZATION DOCUMENTATION PAMPHLET** Pg. 1

> 

> Hi! My name is E-M224568. I'll be your Spectrum Qualified Multipurpose Doctor for this Health Evaluation.

> 

> Some preliminary information, just to get started with: 

> 

> Who is this for? (check one.)

> 

> (✓) Myself 

> ( ) Someone else (Name: **N/A** Occupation: **N/A**)

> 

> What's your name? **Citizen M38735 - Michael (Mike) Peterson**

> 

> What's your occupation? **Escapee**

> 

> What type of health issue are you experiencing? (check all that apply.)

> 

> ( ) Physical

> (✓) Mental

> (✓) Emotional

> ( ) Spiritual

> ( ) Existential

> 

> How do these issues manifest?

> 

> **Extreme sense of sadness, depression, guilt, and longing. Inability to focus on documents.**

> **SPECTRUM HOSPITALIZATION DOCUMENTATION PAMPHLET** Pg. 2

> 

> On Page 1, you indicated that you were experiencing a ****Mental**** and ****Emotional**** health issue, which manifests as **"Extreme sense of sadness, depression, guilt, and longing. Inability to focus on documents."**

> 

> Thank you for giving me that information, M38735. I understand that you are in a pain that hinders your documentation completion abilities.

> 

> Can you determine what might be the cause(s) of your ****Mental**** health issue? 

> 

> (✓) Yes

> ( ) No

> 

> What would that be?

> 

> **My daughters and my wife, F8857861, F10473960, F5993245, were submitted for reevaluation.**

> 

> Can you determine what might be the cause(s) of your ****Emotional**** health issue?

> 

> ( ) Yes

> ( ) No

> (✓) Yes, for the previous reason

> 

> What would that be?

> 

> **N/A**

> **SPECTRUM HOSPITALIZATION DOCUMENTATION PAMPHLET** Pg. 3

> 

> On page 2, you indicated that you experienced a(n) ****Mental**** health issue because **"My daughters and my wife, F8857861, F10473960, F5993245, were submitted for reevaluation."**

> 

> On page 2, you indicated that you experienced a(n) ****Emotional**** health issue because **"My daughters and my wife, F8857861, F10473960, F5993245, were submitted for reevaluation."**

> 

> My professional diagnosis is: Temporary Major Anxiety

> 

> My prescription: Therapeutic and Reassuring Message (See Page 4)

> 

> Please resubmit a Spectrum Hospitalization Documentation Pamphlet if you continue to experience these or other health issues.

> **SPECTRUM HOSPITALIZATION DOCUMENTATION PAMPHLET** Pg. 4

> 

> Hello, M38735. My name is M38746.

> 

> On ****June 8th, 2029,**** my ****wife**** and ****two daughters**** were ****submitted for reevaluation,**** just like you. I understand that these can cause you to enter a difficult mindset, and can cause a major amount of stress and anxiety. This happened to me too. It was very difficult to break this mindset, and I hated it the entire time. My solution is to ****keep your chin up,**** ****breathe,**** and ****work calmly.**** These worked wonders for me, and I think they'll help in your time of need as well. 

> 

> Do take it easy out there.

> -M38746 (in conjunction with the Spectrum Department of Citizen Health Management)

> 

> *Spectrum: Our Love Heals All Wounds!*

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM DEPARTMENT OF VOIDED DOCUMENTATION APPEALS**

> 

> Spectrum says: Hi! My name is E-F40482, your Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeals Associate. It's great to hear from you once again!

> 

> Recently, you submitted SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #8772400306, in order to appeal the following discrepancies, as they relate to your completion of a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document:

> * "Special Containment Procedures" category lacks information (Must elaborate further.)

> * "Description" category improperly filled (requires a description of an abnormal or "anomalous" entity.)

> * "Addendum" category lacks documentation (Requires more documentation to provide more context and/or information.)

> * Documentation contains punctuation errors (x3)

> * Documentation contains grammatical errors (x4)

> * Documentation contains expletives.

> * Documentation written with improper tonality. 

> * Documentation submitted from an unauthorized or unknown location.

> 

> On your SPECTRUM IMPROPER DOCUMENTATION APPEAL FORM #877240030, you indicated that these discrepancies occurred because:

> 

> * I experienced a health issue which prevented me from completing this document properly.

> * I did not fully understand the words written on the document, although they are written in my native language

> * "I could not locate enough related supplementary documentation."

> 

> After careful review by the Spectrum Voided Documentation Appeals Consideration Committee, your appeal has been **ACCEPTED**. 

> 

> The Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology will be expecting a recompleted Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document to have been submitted within the next **seven (7)** days.

> 

> Yours truly, E-F40482

> Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeals

> 

> *Spectrum: Because Everyone is Different!*

**Item #:** SCP-6606

**Object Class:** Spectrum

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6606 cannot be contained. Thusly, Foundation efforts should be focused on neutralization. At the time of writing, all attempts to neutralize SCP-6606 have failed. 

On 9/8/2024, procedure Evac-Red was put into effect. The ship S.C.P.E. Atum-Khepri launched successfully on 10/25/2024, containing 22 crew members. Attempts at maintaining a stabilized society on Earth will be continued by the remaining Foundation staff. An SK-Class Dominance Shift Scenario has been declared. 

In the event that SCP-6606 departs from the planet while humanity remains, or that SCP-6606 is neutralized, a societal reconstruction process will begin. Otherwise, an IK-Class Collapse of Global Civilization Scenario is to be declared.

**Description:** SCP-6606 refers to a large spacefaring vessel. The vessel is believed to be roughly 1/16th the size of the Earth, and remains in place roughly 175,000km above ocean level, within the planet's exosphere.

SCP-6606 is theorized to be the cause of a worldwide anomaly which affects all recorded documentation, as this anomaly only began following its arrival to earth's atmosphere. SCP-6606 is capable of changing any form of recorded information in any manner. SCP-6606 is capable of editing written documents, audio and video recordings, electronic text and messages, radio waves and frequencies, artistic depictions, photographs (both physical and digital), animated images, etc. Regardless of the quality of the editing, any human that perceives the edited information will treat it as though it were the original copy, and that the information, no matter how incorrect, illogical, or nonsensical it may be, is both factual, regular, and normal. 

The editing of recorded information is done instantaneously and can occur at any moment. It is believed that SCP-6606 is capable of perceiving any and all records and the information contained within at all times. SCP-6606 has used these abilities to manipulate vital, sometimes confidential and/or classified information from the ranks of all major world governments and organizations, including the SCP Foundation. This has lead to the collapse of most, if not all major governments, allowing itself to take their place and establish authority over humanity.

It is currently believed that SCP-6606 is the creator and/or controller of a mass of virus-like nanomachines, SCP-6606-1. SCP-6606-1 is believed to be the cause of a worldwide psychological anomaly. Humans affected by said anomaly will experience an intense psychological effect which causes them to feel the urge to complete any unfinished documents which have yet to be completed when they become aware of said documents. When a stack of the same documentation type is detected or redetected by an infected individual, only one must be completed. Additionally, individuals will only experience this effect when the documentation appears to be directly intended for them to complete, or when the documentation does not appear to be directed at anyone in particular. 

When a document is complete, the affected human will return the document to a "documentation acquisition receptacle." This is most-often defined as the area that the documentation was acquired from, although items such as mailboxes, mail deposit slots, bank capsule chutes, etc. have been known to satisfy this as well. Once a completed document is placed in a "documentation acquisition receptacle," the document disappears. Where the document goes, if anywhere, is currently unknown.

Although this is their main purpose, it is believed that instances of SCP-6606-1, when operating as a larger mass, can complete most tasks designed for humans. Notably, this has resulted in SCP-6606-1 instances continuing to uphold the containment procedures for multiple SCPs where distinctly human input is not required, and site staff have been compromised. SCP-6606-1 instances likely do this in an effort to protect SCP-6606 rather than any sense of moral obligation.

**Addendum 6606-1:** Notice on Front Door of Abandoned Facility

> To whoever finds this note, I'm sorry. We've failed you. We tried to fight them as best as we could, but like they did to everyone else, they systematically tore us apart. Anything we tried to do, they had some sort of solution for. The last solution we have is to evacuate. We have managed to prevent a great number of things from taking humanity apart, but somehow, they managed to slip between our fingers and bite us. 

> We have gathered a group comprised of people that we believe will allow us to start over elsewhere, wherever "else" may be. 

> 

> We don't know where we're going, only that, like cowards, we are going there.

> 

> -Dr. Patra, and what remains of Site-19.

**Addendum 6606-2:** 6/23/2023

> **Lunar Site-32 Observatory Report:** June 23rd, 2023.

> 

> At 02:34 GMT, the Foundation Deep Space Telescope "Osiris" transmitted an image of the extrasolar planet "Kepler-22b" (*KOI-087.01*) as part of a routine bimonthly image capturing of terra analogues. As opposed to the planet's usual blue coloration due to it being an "ocean planet", the planet possessed a green coloration with a large purple spot. Further image analysis showed the planet to be covered in the bodies of humanoid aquatic extraterrestrials, floating motionless on the planet's surface. A spacecraft can be seen rising from the mass of bodies, believed to be an escape vessel. The cause of this mass extinction event is unknown.

> **Lunar Site-32 Observatory Report:** June 24th, 2023.

> 

> At 16:11 GMT, researchers at the Site-32 Observatory noted that a large spacecraft of purple coloration entered direct observation range. Assuming the vessel is completely solid, it is estimated to be ~62,004,931,000km^3, roughly 1/16 the size of the planet Earth. At 23:42, the vessel came to rest in Earth's exosphere, ~175,000km above sea level. Due to the size of the vessel and the proximity of the vessel to the planet, it is believed to be visible from all locations on earth. Therefor, Site-32 recommends an operation normalizing government communication with extraterrestrials to ensure peace, or neutralizing the vessel ASAP.

**Addendum 6606-3:** 7/16/2023

> **Operation Phone Home Daily Report:** July 16th, 2023

> 

> Attempts to establish radio communications with the vessel have officially failed. We have exhausted all possible radio/satellite communication methods. We will continue attempting various methods of communication. We are taking a break day tomorrow and then we will attempt to communicate via visual methods.

> 

> -Lunar Site-32

> **Operation Phone Home Daily Report:** September 24th, 2023

> 

> Attempts to gain any attention from the vessel have failed. We have attempted to gain the vessel's interest via light redirection, audio disruptions, electromagnetic pulses, and various images, documents, and videos broadcasted onto the side of the vessel. We are suggesting the use of anomalous methods of gaining the attention of the vessel in order to establish communication. 

> 

> Additionally, it has been suggested by some staff members that there may not be any sentient lifeforms aboard the vessel, or that the vessel may not be hollow to begin with. 

> 

> We will await O5 approval for the use of anomalous communication methods.

> -Lunar Site-32

> **Operation Phone Home Daily Report:** May 2nd, 2024

> 

> Attempts to communicate with SCP-6606 through anomalous methods have officially failed. The use of safe and "thaumiel" class anomalies to communicate with SCP-6606 have all failed, and attempts to communicate with SCP-6606 via thaumaturgy and other magic-based methods have all failed. We recommend declaring communications with SCP-6606 to be a lost cause. As SCP-6606 has made no alterations to its state of being since its arrival, many on-site staff members believe SCP-6606 to be empty and/or pilotless. 

> 

> In the interest of precaution, we continue to recommend neutralizing SCP-6606 ASAP.

> 

> -Lunar Site-32

**Addendum 6606-4:** 5/21/2024

> **Area-12 Emergency Isolation Alert:** May 5th, 2024

> 

> **ALERT: ALL FACILITIES. ENGAGE FACILITY LOCKDOWNS. UNKNOWN AIRBORNE PATHOGEN DETECTED. SEAL OFF INFECTED AREAS AND ENGAGE OXYGEN RECYCLING SYSTEMS.**

> **Lunar Site-32 Emergency Message:** May 5th, 2024

> 

> At 12:36pm GMT, SCP-6606 was observed creating small ripples in its outer "hull." Closer observation via high-power telescope shows that SCP-6606 may have produced something during this process. Keep your eyes peeled, home team. God knows what it just sent your way. 

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 6th, 2024

> 

> Our entire observation and containment wing has been contaminated. Most systems within are being operated by AI constructs or infected personnel. We've sealed off a small section of the building, mostly the break room and some offices, and flooded an office with contaminated air for closer study. 

> 

> Whatever this is has almost certainly infected most of the public. There's a lot of it and it seems to infect humans quite quickly. Restrict outside travel unless deemed necessary. Use O2 tanks from your facility's recycler along with a rebreather when moving outdoors. 

> 

> Personnel are dropping off the Health Signifier, life signs aren't being returned and neither are their locations. Stay safe, stay alert, stay secure.

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 7th, 2024

> 

> A few microscopes in storage have been salvaged. We're attempting methods of containing the pathogen in a smaller, more easily-observable container. We'd like to request a C4 Explosive Charge to be detonated at Facility Door 7. 

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 9th, 2024

> 

> What's left of us is huddled in the break room, or rather, the contained portions of it. We will be making no further requests. 

> 

> Dr. Connors managed to slide a small dish of air contaminated with the pathogen through the air duct before the automatic seals dropped. He climbed into the vent and the door crushed his arm. Please remember him.

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 10th, 2024

> 

> It is not a pathogen, it is a machine. Hundreds of thousands of them, smaller than our eyes can see. None of us are robotics experts, but given that they have adamantly attempted to avoid observation, even within the dish, we believe that they are either:

> 

> A. Each controlled by their own AI.

> 

> B. Being controlled by something else.

> 

> C. Both

> 

> We're operating under assumption A, if only because we don't want to imagine the other two.

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 11th, 2024

> 

> There was a series of "booms" earlier today. The facility shook slightly but there was no major damage. Of note, however, is that we briefly lost connection to each of our Health Signifiers and Communication Bands. Dr. Brooks, who was contaminated in the "Door 7 Mishap" knocked on the door to the break room and held a note against the window of the door for us to read. "Went to armory. EMPs didn't stop them."

> **Area-12 Foundation-wide Broadcast:** May 13th, 2024

> 

> There's a couple of Level-1s in the Filing Room. We just assumed that the nanobots took them and then did whatever it is that they do. We knew infected personnel had been dropping life signals but we never knew why. 

> 

> We all got a slip of paper in our pockets today, a copy of mine is attached below.

> 

>> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM OFFICE OF INFORMANTS FOR CITIZENS RELATED TO REJECTED REEVALUEES**

>> 

>> Spectrum Says: Hello, Unregistered Citizen M2167!

>> 

>> On May 8th, 2024, F21735 (Clairice "Level-One" Sinclaire) was submitted for reevaluation for the following reasons:

>> 

>> * Failure to complete a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document (x27)

>> * Failure to complete a Miscellaneous "Area-12 Item Requisition Form" document (x135)

>> * Failure to complete a Miscellaneous "Area-12 Staff Requisition Form" document (x238)

>> * Failure to complete a Miscellaneous "Area-12 Major Operation Request Form" document (x22)

>> * Failure to complete a Miscellaneous Unspecified Document Type (x1,624)

>> * Failure to submit a Spectrum Hospitalization Documentation Pamphlet on behalf of F21748 (Christine "One-er" Stanfield) to report a(n): Expiration. 

>> 

>> We regret to inform you that F21735 **FAILED** reevaluation.

>>

>> -Spectrum Office of Informants for Citizens Related to Rejected Reevaluees

>> 

>> *Spectrum: Family and Friends, Together!*

> 

> All of ours said the same thing, excluding our "Unregistered Citizen" number. This is going to be our last communication. We took a vote and we've decided, almost unanimously, that none of us want to exist in a world where you can be kidnapped or killed or whatever the hell it is that they do just for not completing a sheet of paper. We also made a majority vote against starvation. We’re out of food, comms are down, we can’t establish communication that doesn’t get intercepted somewhere in the middle. Unless the alert system has been compromised, our containment facilities seem to be operating fine without us anyway. Hell, maybe they're doing our work for us at this point.

> 

> Point is, we're going to the armory. We'll get contaminated on the way there, but we don't plan to leave the armory once we get there anyway. None of us know anything about robotics anyway. We've got a final request, on behalf of the entire team. Please, neutralize them. Please kill that motherloving█ thing in the sky. Or things. Whatever.

> 

> Good luck in the new world, and godspeed.

> -Area Director Matthew Adams

> **O5 Council Voting Log:** May 17th, 2024

> 

> **Topic:** Neutralization of SCP-6606

> 

> **In Favor:** 13

> 

> **In Opposition:** 0

> 

> **Final Notes:** We've never attempted to destroy something so large. We will compile all explosive weaponry available and safe to launch. It will take some time, but it's the best choice we have. -O5-8

**Addendum XXXX-5:** 9/7/2024

> **LAUNCH COMMANDS:** Project Welcome Carpet

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 1:** (16:00:00) 38.9° N, 77.0° W Geographic Coordinate System (United States Capital Building)

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 2:** (16:15:00) 40.7° N, 74.0° W Geographic Coordinate System (United Nations Headquarters)

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 3:** (16:30:00) 39.0° N, 118.2° W Geographic Coordinate System (Site-17)

> 

> * **PAYLOAD 4:** (16:45:00) Current Location (Site-19)

> **Project Welcome Carpet Report**

> 

> Payload 1 successful

> 

> Payload 2 successful

> 

> Payload 3 successful

> 

> Error, Payload 4 does not exist.

> 

> **Project Report Notes:** Oh █No█.

> **Electronic Message Printout:** September 07th, 2024.

> 

> **To:** Site-17 Director █████, O5-Command

> **From:** Site-19 Director ██████

> 

> **Body:** We've not made a mistake. You need to remain immediately. Check your watch. The launch did go as planned, our coordinates were not changed and we are aiming at Spectrum.

> **Electronic Message Printout:** September 07th, 2024.

> 

> **To:** Site-19 Director ██████, O5-Command

> **From:** Site-17 Director █████

> 

> **Body:** You're freaking right, this was not a freaking mistake. We're evacuating. I don't know who you are, but I know for gosh dang sure that we would not destroy ourselves. You don't know what kind of ungodly terrors you've unleashed. We're all doomed. ████████I hate your███████████████████ species. 

> **O5 Council Voting Log:** September 8th, 2024

> 

> **Topic:** Declaring Evac-Red

> 

> **In Favor:** 11

> 

> **In Opposition:** 1

> 

> **Abstained:** 1

> 

> **Final Notes:** O5-12 believed we could still salvage this. O5-8 shot themselves with a 12-gauge the night before. Evac-Red information must be relayed exclusively through word-of-mouth, excepting for reports of finalized information. 

**Addendum 6606-6:** 9/10/24

> **Evac-Red Report:** September 10th, 2024

> 

> We've selected 48 potential candidates. We have estimated to have enough resources for 25.

> **Evac-Red Report:** September 16th, 2024

> 

> We have selected 22. 

> **Evac-Red Report:** September 22nd, 2024

> 

> We have made use of the remaining resources from various space and aeronautics organizations, or rather what remains of them. 

> **Evac-Red Report:** October 14th, 2024

> 

> Atum-Khepri is nearing completion. Production of final payload materials has begun.

> **Evac-Red Report:** October 16th, 2024

> 

> Materials required for final payload are low. Supplies are straining, interacting with infected individuals to acquire these materials has become a difficult and lengthy process.

> **Evac-Red Report:** October 20th, 2024

> 

> Final payload has been completed. Making final preparations now.

> **Evac-Red Report:** October 24th, 2024

> 

> Final Notice:

> If you work for the SCP Foundation, you can ignore this message. In the event that we finally crumble and collapse as an organization, we are leaving this note for any survivors. We will be leaving this planet tomorrow. We were your protectors, operating in your shadow. We've saved you from the simplistically inexplicable to the downright ungodly, but all of that had to be done through an orderly method. We had a chain of command, same as any other government, and we operated as quickly and efficiently as possible through it. Documents, notes, letters, reports, articles, journals. We had and catalogued any and all information relating to the unspeakable things we kept here, and then some.

> 

> Then that thing in the sky got here, and every single thing about our modus operandi began falling apart. The same goes for many major governments; Capitols fell and chains of command broke. The US launched a MOAB at China, Russia blew up the UK, and so on, and yet they never declared war. No one remembered giving the commands, but the letters and reports say otherwise. Whatever country that wasn't stable enough to have had a strong government was eventually overrun by the ones that used to. Of note is that they never seemed to care what we wrote about them, only what could be used against ourselves.

> 

> You might notice a significant length of time is missing from your memory. We weighed the options, how things could play out, and we concluded that it was better to simply allow you to forget the old world. You're better off not knowing what better times were like, it would only make you destroy yourselves faster. We aren't the first species to succumb to that thing, but maybe, by letting you forget, we can draw out our collapse long enough to outlive its stay. 

> 

> That said, we'd all like to leave you with this final, summarizing note. It'll be left for you somewhere where getting your hands on security clearance isn't necessary. If you're reading this message, then you've probably already seen it, and the information that corroborates everything this notice has told you. 

> 

>> "To whoever finds this note, I'm sorry. We've failed you. We tried to fight them as best as we could, but like they did to everyone else, they systematically tore us apart. Anything we tried to do, they had some sort of solution for. The last solution we have is to evacuate. We have managed to prevent a great number of things from taking humanity apart, but somehow, they managed to slip between our fingers and bite us.

>> We have gathered a group comprised of people that we believe will allow us to start over elsewhere, wherever "else" may be.

>> 

>> We don't know where we're going, only that, like cowards, we are going there."

> **Evac-Red Report:** October 25th, 2024.

> 

> Evac-Red team is prepared for liftoff. Intended landing site has been intentionally undecided. Launch will occur at 12:30:00. All non-essential staff are advised to evacuate, and to spend their lives with their loved ones.

> **Evac-Red Final Report:** October 25th, 2024

> 

> S.C.P.E. Atum-Khepri launched successfully. Type-E Amnestic Payload was successfully deployed. All sites have returned successful memory retention alerts, all sites have indicated that all personnel and civilians who did not receive the Counter-Mnestic have lost all non-essential memories. Goodbye.

**Additional Spectrum Attachments:**

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM OFFICE OF DOCUMENTATION STUDY AND METHODOLOGY**

> 

> Spectrum Says: Greetings, M38735!  

> 

> It appears you have attempted to resubmit a Miscellaneous "SCP Article" document. Spectrum currently has 137 instances of this documentation format (excl. outliers). After review of this documentation, the Spectrum Office of Unutilized Documentation Filing has ****accepted**** your submission.

> 

> On behalf of the Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology, we'd like to thank you for your submission. Your submission, and all related documents and submissions, have been filed (in chronological order based on date submitted) with all related departments, offices, bureaus, and committees. This includes the following:

> 

> (by order of chronological appearance in submitted documents:)

> 

> * Spectrum Office of Consumption Intake Assessment Filing (SOCIAF)

> * Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology (SODSM)

> * Spectrum Office of Unutilized Documentation Filing (SOUDF)

> * Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeal Request Issuation (SDVDARI)

> * Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination (SOIDPD)

> * Spectrum Department of Voided Documentation Appeals (SDVDA)

> * Spectrum Voided Documentation Appeals Consideration committee (SVDAC)

> * Spectrum Office of Benevolence (SOB)

> * Spectrum Department of Documentation Copy Distribution (SDDCD)

> * Spectrum Department of Geological Location Information (SDGLI)

> * Spectrum Bureau of Malevolence (SBM)

> * Spectrum Citizen Punishment committee (SCP)

> * Spectrum Department of Past-Society Access Key Distribution (SDPSAKD)

> * Spectrum Office of Informants for Citizens Related to Rejected Reevaluees (SOICRRR)

> * Spectrum Office of Informants for Citizens Related to Accepted Reevaluees (SOICRAR)

> * Spectrum Department of Citizen Health Management (SDCHM)

> 

> -Spectrum Office of Documentation Study and Methodology

> 

> *Spectrum: Be Regal, Stay Legal!*

> **NOTICE FROM THE SPECTRUM OFFICE OF INFORMATS FOR CITIZENS RELATED TO REJECTED REEVALUEES**

> 

> Spectrum Says: Hello, M38735!

> 

> On February 17th, 2032, C-F5993245 (Lucille (Lucy) Peterson), was submitted for reevaluation for the following reasons:

> 

> * Purpose determined by the Spectrum Office of Improper Documentation Punishment Determination, in conjunction with the Spectrum Bureau of Malevolence (see M38735 Spectrum Department of Geological Location Information Notice #1)

> * Insubordination

> 

> We regret to inform you that F5993245 **FAILED** reevaluation.

>

> -Spectrum Office of Informants for Citizens Related to Rejected Reevaluees

> 

> *Spectrum: Family and Friends, Together!*

> **END OF DOCUMENTATION**

<< [SCP-6605](SCP-6605) | SCP-6606 | [SCP-6607](SCP-6607) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
