---

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6939 and all accounts under *Apple.Inc* supporting SCP-6939 are to be blocked from public servers by Foundation Web-Crawler Delta-11 ("ANIMESUCKS"). This block is to be re-instated every fourteen days after it is forcefully removed by SCP-6939.  Any device with SCP-6939 installed is to be confiscated, cleared, and returned. All persons that become aware of SCP-6939 are to be amnesitized.

**Description:** SCP-6939 is an application for the *Apple.Inc* iOS Appstore titled 'Kawaru-Kawaru! Animeify YOURSELF TRANSFORMATION'. SCP-6939's anomalous effects appear upon opening and using the app. After pressing the 'start' button, the mascot from the application icon and opening screen will introduce itself as 'Kawaru-Kawaru-Itsuwaru' (Classified as SCP-6939-1), then begin to explain each feature and how to use it. 

After choosing a photo, the user will be directed to a menu that has several modification options available. 

* Enlarge Eyes (scale from size 1-15)

* Shrink Nose (scale from size 1-5)

* Reduce Neck Width (small, medium, and large)

* Enlarge Head (small, medium, and large)

* Enlarge Mouth (scale from size of 1-5)

* Shrink Mouth (scale from negative 1 to negative 5)

* Eye Shimmer/Shine/Gloss (scale from 1-8)

* Eye Color/Hair color and effects (A color hex code wheel)

 When a user chooses a feature to change on their image, both the image and their actual face will morph to match the features chosen on SCP-6939. This will be done in a way that uses the existing facial features. This includes the cranial bones and facial bones expanding or contracting in size, the eye sockets, and eyeballs enlarging, overactive tear ducts, contracting of the nasal cavity, etc. All users of SCP-6939 to date have died due to complications of the deformities caused by SCP-6939 being unable to be supported by the human body.

SCP-6939-1 is the mascot of the application which has demonstrated sentience and the ability to answer direct questions from users, even if spoken aloud. SCP-6939-1 is fully animated and able to interact with different features of the app. SCP-6939-1 often attempts to persuade the user to make certain choices when using SCP-6939. SCP-6939-1 has been observed to be able to be active on more than one device at a time.

For the effects of SCP-6939 to occur, a subject must upload their image to the application. No effects will occur if the user only uploads their image but does not use any of the features of SCP-6939. In order for SCP-6939-1 to communicate with the user, they must upload an image of themself. When SCP-6939-1 communicates with a user, its speech is both audible and on the screen in a text box. It has been concluded that SCP-6939-1 can hear the reader through their device due to its ability to respond to audible conversation.  It is currently unknown if SCP-6939-1 anomalously makes the user select certain choices due to suggestion or if all users chose the options on their own.

The Foundation became aware of SCP-6939 when news and media coverage of SCP-6939 and the string of deaths attached surfaced. Mentions of the mascot of the app talking directly to the user also came up in the initial reports of SCP-6939. 

**Addendum-1-Interviews:** To learn more about SCP-6939 and SCP-6939-1, the Foundation downloaded SCP-6939 onto a spare smartphone. Currently, no reports of a subject being forced to use SCP-6939's features have surfaced, but the full extent of SCP-6939-1's abilities of persuasion are currently unknown. Due to this, the Foundation had a picture of D-88977 uploaded onto SCP-6939 and tasked D-88977 with interviewing SCP-6939-1. 

<details>
<summary>10/10/2016 Interview</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6939-1

> 

> **Interviewer:** D-88977

> 

> **Foreword:** The first interview that was conducted with SCP-6939-1. D-88977 was instructed to attempt to learn as much about how SCP-6939 functions as possible.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Hello user! My name is Kawaru-Kawaru-Itsuwaru, and I will be your guide to becoming the true anime self that I know is inside you! Please press the 'upload image' to start! *(SCP-6939-1 points to a set of two buttons reading 'Upload Image' and 'Take Picture'.)*

> 

> *(D-88977 does as instructed and is brought to a screen where their image is taking up half of the screen, save for a scroll panel of the different features of SCP-6939.)*

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:**  So to start, you just choose with the feature you want to go with-

> 

> **D-88977:**  *(Turns to Researcher Cherry.)* Hey uh I know how to how to use this app you guys told me can I skip the tutorial somehow? 

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Oh wow! That was fucking rude! I wasn't finished talking ya know! Can I please finish?

> 

> **D-88977:**  O-Oh uh... hey? I mean I don't really see a reason to they told me how to use your app-

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** They? Who are they? *(SCP-6939-1's eyes turn into hearts.)* OMG! Did a friend recommend you to me? How amazing! I hope they were satisfied with their experience! Please tell them to drop a review on the App Store if they haven't already!

> 

> **D-88977:** Yeah uh, a friend. We'll go with that. I'm pretty sure they aren't going to give you a review though.

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Oh that's too bad! How are other people supposed to know the quality of my service if they don't rate it? *(SCP-6939-1 crosses its arms, but quickly unfolds them with a smile.)* That doesn't matter, we've talked too much. Let's start getting you anime-ified!

> 

> **D-88977:** Well uh personally I'm not really interested in getting 'anime-ified', I honestly just downloaded this app so I could talk to you.

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Oh really? That's so sweet! But trust me, sweetie, with one eye slightly bigger than the other and a crooked nose, you *definitely* need it.

> 

> **D-88977:** *(Scoffs.)* Hey, I'm not insulting your appearance.

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:**, Of course, you're not, I'm adorable. Now can we please work on... *whatever* you have going on here? It looks like someone punched you. Like a truck actually. It looks like a truck punched you. Or hit you, actually. 

> 

> **D-88977:** That's just my face!

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** *(SCP-6939-1 does not respond for three seconds.)* Oh... well that's why I need to help you! If you're not interested in my services right now I'll give you some time to think about it. Come back later. Bye!

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-6939-1 did not respond to any more of D-88977's questions, simply only continuing with the tutorial of the application.

</details>
 

<details>
<summary>10/11/2016 Interview</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6939-1

> 

> **Interviewer:** D-88977

> 

> **Foreword:** D-88977 was tasked with attempting conversation with SCP-6939-1 once more, this time with an emphasis on asking it more questions pertaining directly to its anomaly.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Hello user! My name is Kawaru-Kawaru-Itsuwaru, and I will be your guide to becoming the true anime self that I know is inside you! Please press the 'upload image' to start! *(SCP-6939-1 points to a set of two buttons reading 'Upload Image' and 'Take Picture'.)*

> 

> *(D-88977 does as instructed and is brought to a screen where their image is taking up half of the screen, save for a scroll panel of the different features of SCP-6939.)*

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Oh hey there truck face! Back to finally accept my advice and become awesome looking like me? 

> 

> **D-88977:** Uh no, not exactly. They- uh... my friend wanted me to ask you some more direct questions... about your app.

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Oh must we not talk about me! I mean seriously, you *have* looked in a mirror recently, right?

> 

> **D-88977:** Hey! *(D-88977 grips the phone tightly, elevating it.)* For the love of god you ungrateful brat just answer some questions goddamn it!

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** *(Laughs.)* Okay, okay. Since you're so pressed about it fine. What do ya wanna know? How I came up with this brilliant idea?

> 

> **D-88977:** Uh I mean that would be a nice start, yes. *(Looks at a piece of paper containing interview questions.)* Were you created with this app? Or did you exist beforehand?

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** I mean the app *was* my idea. I kinda like, manifested it into existence. One day it didn't exist, the next I was suddenly sharing my app with everyone. What a boring question. 

> 

> **D-88977:** Okay then, uh, I guess I'll go with another one. Why do you always insult people's appearance? I mean they downloaded the app willingly. I'm sure they wanted to use the app, I think you insulting them is gonna deter them from using it if anything.

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** I'm not trying to be mean, I'm just being honest. Humans have so many imperfections. Imperfections make you ugly. I on the other hand? I'm an anime girl. I'm adorable. I mean who wouldn't want to look as cute as me? 

> 

> **D-88977:** You are... very self-absorbed.

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Self-absorbed? That's not what I would call it. Personally, I think I'm being quite nice compared to how some others would act. People are vicious.

> 

> **D-88977:** What is that supposed to mean?

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** What, you think I created these beauty standards? You should know that beauty is only made up of certain qualities. 

> 

> **D-88977:** Like what? 

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Oh come on. Don't tell me you haven't seen how people react to anime girls. Everyone adores them with their big eyes, small nose, perfect skin. What do humans have, huh? Pimples, dry skin, small eyes. People make fun of each other for imperfect qualities. Don't you know people have tried to get along with looking how they are? It doesn't work. Sure, some people post about how awesome irl people look. But it's never your average day person. It's always some celebrity done up in makeup or edited. Or it's an Instagram star all with colored hair all made up like an anime character. Or cosplaying an existing anime character.  It's always 'look how cute she is' or 'this is my waifu'. I mean it isn't *just* anime, I know. Animated people in general, anime or not. But come on. A lot of the time if a cartoon is too stylized people will make fun of it for not being perfect or pretty enough. Making fun of visual styles, making fun of people for being ugly, it all comes down to the same thing which is what I was saying earlier. People have standards. For most people, anime *is* that standard. I don't see why they wouldn't want to become anime.

> 

> **D-88977:**  First of all, a lot of people don't like how anime looks. and second of all... people don't actually become anime when they use your app. They die.

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** *(SCP-6939-1 laughs.)* Of what, cuteness?

> 

> **D-88977:** No! Their heads like burst open cause they expand in size. And their eye sockets grow big and their noses turn so small they can't breathe. Humans can't have realistic anime features! Don't you wonder why they don't respond after using your app? It's because they die! You're killing people, not helping them!

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** *(Does not respond for four seconds.)* Oh. Well, that's not my fault.

> 

> **D-88977:** Yes! Yes, it is! It is precisely your fault! 

> 

> **Researcher Cherry:** D-88977, please calm down. Arguing with it like this isn't going to get you anywhere. 

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Oh my gosh! Is that your friend? Did he recommend me? Hi! I'm glad you- well according to truck face here everyone that uses my app dies so you must have just thought it seemed cool without trying it yourself. I can't see you because I don't have your picture but if I did I bet I could make some pretty helpful suggestions!

> 

> **D-88977:** *(Let's out a low indistinguishable mutter.)* Whatever. So what is your goal with this? If you don't care that it's killing people, is your goal to hurt them?

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:**  Um noooo, my goal is to make everyone cute like me! I resent you claiming I'm not helping people because I so am! Don't you see? I thought I already made this clear to you but maybe your ugliness is affecting your brain. The people that use my app made the choice to. No one forced them, you even that said that. *They* were insecure with *themselves*. Deep down, we're all insecure. We all hate our looks because no one *ever* accepts us as we are. Why do you think they hide behind avatars online? They downloaded this app, they made the changes I told them to even AFTER I insulted them! And do you know why? Because they KNOW I'm right! Maybe it sounds like I'm being mean, but I'm not saying anything they're not already silently screaming at themselves every time they look in the mirror. Their willingness to go through with this must mean they understand what must be done to achieve true beauty. Die or not at least they looked good before they did it. 

> 

> **D-88977:** Oh...Oh my god...Look dude... I-I was on death row cause I killed my ex's new boyfriend she left me for and his family and this is pretty messed up even for *me*. 

> 

> **Researcher Cherry:** You're getting too worked up. Let's end this for today.

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Bye! But next time we talk you really should take my advice. Here's a freebee cause I'm so nice- maybe your wife wouldn't have left you if you weren't so ugly. 

> 

> **D-88977:** YOU LITTLE- *(D-88977 smashes the phone SCP-6939 and SCP-6939-1 was displayed on onto the floor, smashing it with his foot.)*

> 

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** D-88977 was quickly restrained by Researcher Cherry and brought back to holding. Following this incident, D-88977 was reassigned to another project.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** This interview led the Foundation to discover that even though a picture must be uploaded to SCP-6939 for SCP-6939-1 one to communicate, the picture does not have to be of the person talking, as uploading a picture will enable SCP-6939-1's ability to hear its surroundings. However, the image must be original and not from an external source. SCP-6939-1 can detect this and will refuse to allow the user to use SCP-6939 until an original image is uploaded.

</details>
 

**Addendum-2:** On 10/28/2016, Foundation researchers tracked down the IP address of the first device SCP-6939 manifested on. The location the device was discovered in was the home of Caroline Thummers, a beauty consultant for a local company. The device SCP-6939 first manifested on belonged to Bella Thummers, Caroline Thummers' daughter who had died a week prior to discovery. When asked about SCP-6939, Thummers explained she had no knowledge of SCP-6939.

<details>
<summary>Open 10/31/2016 Interview</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6939-1

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Cherry

> 

> **Foreword:** Upon the discovery of the above information, Researcher Cherry conducted an interview with SCP-6939-1 by uploading an image of D-09334.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Hello user! My name is Kawaru-Kawaru-Itsuwaru, and I will be your guide to becoming the true anime self that I know is inside you! Please press the 'upload picture' to start! *(SCP-6939-1 points to a set of two buttons reading 'Upload Image' and 'Take Picture'.)*

> 

>  *(Researcher Cherry does as instructed and is brought to a screen where their image is taking up nearly the whole screen, save for a scroll panel of the different features of SCP-6939.)*

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Oh wow! Not the worst I've seen but- wait... this isn't an image of you! But it's not an existing one! What? You tricked me! 

> 

> **Researcher Cherry:** SCP-6939-1, I'm not here to talk about me. I wanted to talk to you, but I didn't want to risk side effects. 

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Like what, of you deciding to follow my advice? Considering you don't want to show your face you're probably super ugly. Look it's okay. I understand, you're ashamed of your appearance. But I'm your friend! I'm here to help.! Also, my name isn't some random code, it's Kawaru-Kawaru-Itsuwaru! 

> 

> **Researcher Cherry:** Okay, Kawaru. Well, you revealed previously that you suddenly manifested into existence one day. We have found the device that your app first appeared on. When we talked with the woman that lived there, she said her daughter had passed away a week before, and that the phone we found it on belonged to her. 

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** *(SCP-6939-1's expression flattens.)* You need to stop digging around, mister. You might not like what you find. 

> 

> **Researcher Cherry:** Well Kawaru, why do you say that? Don't you think it's important that the girl who owned the phone that first had your app is deceased?

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Why does is it matter that she's gone now? I mean she tried to make herself beautiful, and it killed her. But that's okay. Why be alive for a century if you're ugly when you can be alive for just your teenage years and be beautiful?  Now upload an image of yourself, or I'm done answering questions.

> 

> **Researcher Cherry:** I'm not going to do that. 

> 

> **SCP-6939-1:** Alright then. You made your choice. When you're ready to ascend, let me know.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-6939-1 refused to answer any more questions, simply only reverting back to its programmed dialogue upon being asked any questions about itself. No more interviews are to be attempted with SCP-6939-1 until further notice.

</details>

<< [SCP-6938](SCP-6938) | SCP-6939 | [SCP-6940](SCP-6940) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Kawaru 

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-6939/Kawaru

=====
