]

:root {

  --header-title: "SCP Foundation";

  --header-subtitle: "SECURED - CONTAINTED - PROTECTED";

}

[[include <a href="/component:info-ayers">component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=scp-6397[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/deepwell-rusk-archive[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments= A Good Girl by Ruskied

All images were taken by me, and everyone is free to use them as they see fit. 

]]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6397 is to be stationed under MTF Kappa-9 "Bad Boys" so long as good behavior is maintained. If SCP-6397 begins to show signs of disloyalty to the Foundation, SCP-6397's service under the Kappa-9 division will be temporarily suspended until a proper evaluation is determined. A tracking device has been implanted into SCP-6397's left ear and is to be replaced if ever broken. 

SCP-6397 is to be stationed at [Bio-Research Area-12](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-area-12) for one month every year for physical examinations.

SCP-6397 is not to be in the presence of any bird under the *Corvus* This includes all crows, ravens, and rooks.  family. If an interaction is deemed unavoidable, personnel are to not interfere with SCP-6397 and the animal until the altercation has ceased. 

**Description:** SCP-6397 is a large female *Canis lupus familiaris* Dog  of the "golden retriever" breed. SCP-6397 has eight invisible tentacles originating from its body. While invisible to all spectrums of light Including visible, ultraviolet, and infared light. , these tentacles persist in casting shadows onto surfaces. These tentacles have a strong connection with the physical plane and are frequently used by SCP-6397 to pick up objects, climb up walls, attack hostile entities, and use tools it otherwise would not be able to with its paws. 

SCP-6397's tentacles measure an average length of 1.5 meters and have the strength to lift objects weighing over 150 kilograms. These tentacles have a squishy velvet texture, and the lower half of the tentacles are covered with strong suction cups similar to that of *Octopus Vulgaris.*  The common octopus.  SCP-6397 has the ability to regenerate its tentacles if said appendage(s) is completely severed from the body. The time it takes for tentacles to regrow ranges anywhere from two weeks to three months, depending on the severity of the injury. 

SCP-6397 is strictly carnivorous, refusing to eat any plant-based food. In addition to this, SCP-6397 also refuses to eat any meat of land animals, instead only eating crustaceans, fish, and gastropods. 

[[include <a href="/component:image-block">component:image-block</a> | name=https:*i.ibb.co/SQmTm2z/IMG-4231-1.jpg  | width=50% | caption=SCP-6397 returning from a recon mission into [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3560 SCP-3560] ]]

**Discovery:** Following ████, rumors circulated around the town of Charleston, Oregon about a supposed "demon hound"  stealing large quantities of seafood from local fishing markets. Foundation operatives stationed in the area were sent to investigate the situation. SCP-6397 was found on the beaches of Sunset Bay State Park. It was reported to have been gnawing on a dead crow, and several dead raven carcasses laid on the ground around it, some being held in the air by SCP-6397's tentacles. 

**Addendum 6397.01: Intelligence:** 

SCP-6397 has shown intelligence levels far surpassing the average canine, understanding some human languages, and basic mathematics. SCP-6397 had a base understanding of Spanish and English prior to containment. It is unknown how SCP-6397 learned these languages, but it is estimated that it learned by observing humans. This theory has been supported by the fact that SCP-6397's level of English has improved by a substantial margin since initial containment, while SCP-6397's grasp of Spanish hasn't improved.

SCP-6397 can not communicate directly with humans via verbalization When SCP-6397 "talks" it is only able to verbalize barks, whimpers, growls, and other sounds that an average canine is capable of producing. , instead, the only method of communication from SCP-6397 is via writing. Foundation staff has taught SCP-6397 how to use a keyboard and write using pens and pencils SCP-6397 uses its tentacles to type and write instead of using its paws. .

---

**Addendum 6397.02: Interview-01:**

{{The following log was transcribed from a conversation between SCP-6397 and Dr. Hathaway. All phrases by SCP-6397 were typed into a keyboard using its tentacles. The keyboard was placed in its containment chamber and displayed on a monitor in the accompanying research lab. The conversation was held in the early weeks of SCP-6397's confinement, with its ability to write limited.}}

---

{{[BEGIN LOG]}}

**Dr. Hathaway:** Hello sixty-three ninety-seven, my name's Dr. Hathaway. I've been told you know how to work a keyboard. Can you show me?

*SCP-6397 walks over to the western wall of its containment chamber and retrieves the keyboard provided. It then returns to the glass separating it from Dr. Hathaway.*

**SCP-6397:** yes i know how use a keyboard. do u have fish? i hungry

**Dr. Hathaway:** Yes, in fact, I have some fish right here with me. And no, you can't have it yet sixty-three ninety-seven, only good girls get to have the fish. If you answer some of the questions I have for you, then you great treat.

**SCP-6397:** more questions? i told u a lot. what more do i have

**Dr. Hathaway:** Well we are a little confused by some of your statements yesterday. Apparently, you've been telling staff that you're an octopus. Is that right?

**SCP-6397:** yes that is right. i am octopus. what is confusing about?

*Dr. Hathaway laughs lightly.*

**Dr. Hathaway:** Yes well, you are aware that you look like a dog right? We've done a lot of tests on you, are they all show that you are in fact, a dog.

*SCP-6397 walks over to a wall in its chamber and begins to float upwards. The keyboard is also raised higher into the air. Shadows of the tentacles originating from SCP-6397 move in a muddled pattern, affixed to the wall. When SCP-6397 stops its ascent, the tentacle shadows appear erect and stable.*

**SCP-6397:** i am a octopus, levi raised i and friends. if i was not a octopus, how is i be do this?

**Dr. Hathaway:** Hmm, well if you are an octopus like you claim, why is it that you can't breathe underwater? You lost consciousness after being submerged in our tank for only forty seconds.

*SCP-6397 whimpers and hangs its head down towards the ground, avoiding eye contact with Dr. Hathaway.*

**SCP-6397:** i know, i am sad about still. i can not breathe again until mission is finish.

**Dr. Hathaway:** A mission? What do you mean?

*SCP-6397 raises its head again to look back at Dr. Hathaway.*

**SCP-6397:** i have to defeat winged menace. my people are count on me to defeat them. if i can't we wont be the next you. 

**Dr. Hathaway:** 'Next you?' What do you mean? You mean me?

**SCP-6397:** i want my fish please. i hungry and tire.

{{[END LOG]}}

---

{{SCP-6397 refused to communicate with any Foundation staff members for the remainder of the day. In the morning following said interview, SCP-6397 resumed normal behavior.}}

{{A connection between SCP-6397 and [SCP-2967](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2967) is currently under investigation.}}

---

**Addendum 6397-03: Incorporation in the Kappa-9 Project:**

During an [assault by the Chaos Insurgency,](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/assault-on-site-64) SCP-6397 managed to breach containment. Despite having a clear opportunity to escape, SCP-6397 aided in evacuating personnel to safe locations and later engaged Insurgents in combat. These actions appear to have been done entirely of SCP-6397's own volition.

 Following this, SCP-6397 has undergone several Foundation Loyalty tests and has scored amongst the top 1%. Because of these factors, SCP-6397 has been cleared for its incorporation into the Kappa-9 project.

#### **Mobile Task Force Kappa-9 ("Bad Boys")**

Mobile Task Force Kappa-9, otherwise known as "Bad Boys," is an MTF comprised in its entirety of canines. Members of Kappa-9 specialize in reconnaissance and physical combat. Kappa-9 is only to be called in as a last resort, in situations where human intervention is deemed either impossible or likely to negatively impact containment efforts.

---

##### **Addendum 6397.04: Notable Incident Report:**

The following is a catelogue of notable events undertaken by SCP-6397 during its service under MTF Kappa-9.

During an assault, SCP-804 was stolen by the Chaos Insurgency. Kappa-9 was called in to combat the Insurgents and retrieve SCP-804. Said Insurgents made it eight kilometers before succumbing to SCP-804's memetic effects. Using currently unknown anomalous methods, said insurgents managed to alter SCP-804 to make it last longer before breaking. SCP-804 remained in effect for the following ten hours, with its area of effect increasing during this time. 

SCP-6397 retrieved SCP-804 during this time, and traveled with it into the ████████ ██████, away from human civilization. SCP-6397 traveled over 30 kilometers through the sub-zero environment before SCP-804 ceased function. Five of its tentacles had to be amputated due to frostbite and the loss of one digit in its front left paw. 

{{The redaction of SCP-804's location is now mandatory to prevent similar incidents from occurring.}}

During a routine training exercise on Level 0 of Bio-Research Area-12, a flock of crows began gathering in the area. SCP-6397 became aggressive towards the birds, growling and barking at them, ignoring orders by instructors. When SCP-6397 ran over to the crows intending to harm them, the crows descended upon SCP-6397 in an organized group. SCP-6397 managed to capture three crows within its tentacles before being overwhelmed by the birds and falling unconscious. The murder of crows lifted SCP-6397 into the air and carried it away into the adjacent woodlands. 

MTF Kappa-9 pursued the murder for a kilometer before the murder descended and flew into a cave. When entered, the cave was discovered to be an immense labyrinth, with Kappa-9 losing sight of the murder and SCP-6397. SCP-6397 was later found deep in the cave with deep lacerations on its upper body, heavy bruising throughout, and all of its hair shaven off. A note was found stapled to its back, reading the following. 

*You have lost your way, little one. Working with your Jailor does not set your people free.*

During the months of March-May 2020, MTF Kappa-9 was stationed in Three Portlands to maintain some Foundation presence Due to the mass outbreak and quarantine during the early months of 2020 due to the Covid-19 pandemic. No Foundation staff was allowed in Three Portlands. 

Kappa-9 became very popular with the locals around Prometheus Plaza during this time. SCP-6397 would climb up the sides of buildings to greet the local children when they were quarantined. 

The local raven population in Three Portlands decreased substantially during this time, largely in part due to SCP-6397's actions. On May 17th, 2020, a large migration of ravens took place, with several conspiracies relocating to the area surrounding Portland, Maine. 

Since then, the migration of ravens has been permanently altered to no longer arrive at Three Portlands, despite SCP-6397 and Kappa-9 being no longer present on site. How future generations of ravens know to avoid Three Portlands is unknown. 

---

<details>
<summary>Addendum 6397.05: Interview-02 [LEVEL-4 ACCESS REQUIRED]</summary>

**Addendum 6397.05: Interview-02:**

{{The following is the video recording of a psychiatric evaluation conducted between Kain Pathos Crow and SCP-6397. SCP-6397 made use of a keyboard and monitor to communicate.}}

---

{{[BEGIN LOG]}}

*SCP-6397 is seen escorted into the physiological room holding a keyboard. SCP-6397 takes a seat on a couch opposite Kain Pathos Crow by a glass table. SCP-6397 plugs a keyboard into a monitor affixed to the wall behind it. The guards that escorted SCP-6397 in then left the room.*

**Kain Pathos Crow:** Hello SCP-6397, I heard you had a little incident today. Do you mind telling me what happened? 

**SCP-6397:** Who are you? You aren't a member of my squad. 

**Kain Pathos Crow:** You can just call me Kain; I'm just a scientist. This is beside the point though, can you tell me what happened today?

**SCP-6397:** We were being attacked. Those vermin were all over the place, if I didn't act fast, we were as good as dead.

**Kain Pathos Crow:** You were attacked? I was told you attacked them. 

**SCP-6397:** Ok, well technically, I attacked them first, but they were going to hurt us! I can see it in their eyes. 

**Kain Pathos Crow:** What do you mean you could see it in their eyes? 

**SCP-6397** They are disgusting. They want to be the next people. But that's not going to happen, we'll be the next them. 

**Kain Pathos Crow:** What do you mean by that? We? What are we going to be?

**SCP-6397** Sorry, sorry. Not "we" we. I mean "we" as in my kind. Not your kind.

*Kain Pathos Crow is quiet for the next few moments with a confused expression on his face.*

**Kain Pathos Crow:** I think you've lost me. Who is "we?" Do you mean us dogs as "we?" Are you talking about the golden retriever breed specifically?

*SCP-6397 whimpers quietly.*

**SCP-6397:** How many times do I have to tell you, people. I am not a dog, I'm an octopus. I was raised in the ocean by my family, I know this, I was there. 

*Kain Pathos Crow gives off a loud howl and pants lightly.* 

**Kain Pathos Crow:** What? Do you truly think that you weren't always a dog?! Oh well, I can certainly relate to that, I wasn't a dog growing up either.  

*SCP-6397 begins wagging its tail and barks with what appears to be a smile.*

**SCP-6397:** What!? Are you serious!? Gilbert is that you!?! What's going on? Why are you here? Shouldn't you be at home protecting the family?!

**Kain Pathos Crow:** What? Haha! Who are you talking about now? I thought I already told you, I'm Dr. Crow; Kain Pathos Crow. I was once-

*SCP-6397's behavior and demeanor change seemingly instantaneously. It jumps to its feet, sinking its claws into the couch cushions underneath. It lowers its head and bears its teeth toward Kain Pathos Crow. It proceeds to let out a deep growl. Kain Pathos Crow yelps in response to SCP-6397's behavior and gets to his feet.*

**Kain Pathos Crow:** Woah!

*SCP-6397 throws the keyboard at Kain Pathos Crow with its tentacles. Kain Pathos Crow ducks his head down to avoid the keyboard, missing his ear by only a few centimeters.*

**Kain Pathos Crow:** Hold on there! What's wrong, girl?! 

*SCP-6397 leaps across the room grabbing Kain Pathos Crow with its tentacles in a matter of seconds. Kain Pathos Crow claws aimlessly as he is suspended up into the air. Kain Pathos whimpers, gasping for air as he is being strangled by SCP-6397's tentacles. The door to the room is slammed open and three security guards rush into the room.*

**Agent Bailey:** Drop it! I said drop it!

*The two guards situated at the front, Agent Bailey and Agent Plague, are knocked into the nearest wall by an unseen force. Agent Bailey is lifted up, and his head is slammed into the wall in quick succession over the following seconds, losing consciousness as a result. Agent Colombo draws a modified hatchet and thrusts it downwards into the open air between SCP-6397 and Kain Pathos Crow. Kain Pathos Crow falls down onto the sofa, gasping for air. SCP-6397 lets out a howl, and blood leaks from unseen points in the air around it before being pushed into the glass table, shattering it.*

**Agent Colombo:** Down! Down girl!

*All individuals are covered in blood with a large amount secreting from open outs in the air, where Colombo had severed SCP-6397's tentacles. Even with significant blood loss, SCP-6397 is able to get to its feet in a fast manner. SCP-6397 once again throws itself toward Kain Pathos Crow. However, its trajectory is interrupted when Agent Colombo kicks it in the stomach, sending it hurtling across the room and into the wall.*

{{[END LOG]}}

{{Kain Pathos Crow and Agent Bailey were rushed to the infirmary. Kain Pathos Crow's suffered a minor greenstick fracture on his left scapula. His fore and hind limbs suffered acute muscle strains along with his neck. Due to the power of SCP-6397's suction cups, large patches of skin had been removed from Agent Bailey's scalp and neck. Agent Bailey also suffered a concussion.}}

##### SCP-6397 Deployment in Kappa-9

{{Following Interview-02, SCP-6397 was temporarily suspended from MTF Kappa-9 and a reevaluation of its continued employment was undertaken. After a thorough investigation, SCP-6397 was allowed back into MTF Kappa-9 as its skills have been deemed a valuable asset and it has persisted to score in the 95th percentile in Foundation Loyalty tests despite the violent altercation with a Level-4 Foundation researcher.}}

{{SCP-6397 was reintegrated back into MTF Kappa-9 after fourteen months of confinement. SCP-6397 and Kain Pathos Crow are not to make contact again, with SCP-6397 not allowed onto any site if Kain Pathos Crow is present.}}

</details>

<< [SCP-6396](SCP-6396) | SCP-6397 | [SCP-6398](SCP-6398) >>
