Sometimes, there is no happy end.

[Also, more stuff by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/rab333-s-contained-anomalies)

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation infocrawlers are to be dispatched every year, one week before the holiday of Easter to catalog any deaths occurring during Holy Week. Any deceased individuals are to be transferred to Site-77 near Vatican City and imprisoned until they transform into SCP-6731-1 instances and burst. 

Following Addendum 6731.1 Bi-weekly rituals disguised as Catholic rites are to be performed by designated occult thaumaturge priests located in Site-777-B.Vatican City.Any individual questioning these practices shall be given Class E amnestics and given a cover story about changing practices in Catholic faith.

**Description:** SCP-6731 is a phenomenon affecting the outskirts of Vatican City that manifests itself after the Easter Vigil held by the Roman Catholic Church each Catholic Easter. The effects of SCP-6731 become apparent anywhere between two to five hours after Easter Vigil finishes with the Liturgy of the Eucharist The liturgy of the Eucharist includes the offering and the presentation of bread and wine at the altar, their consecration by the priest during the eucharistic prayer (or canon of the mass), and the reception of the consecrated elements in Holy Communion., affecting an area roughly 60 kilometers in diameter.

Any individuals who has passed away during the preceding Holy Week Holy Week is the sixth and last week of Lent, beginning with Palm Sunday and concluding on Holy Saturday. in the affected area are resurrected through unknown means, with Cluster Formations (CFs)Designated as SCP-6731-1. forming shortly afterward. SCP-6731-1 is comprised of a group of thirteen recently-deceased individuals, each claiming to be a biblical depiction of an Apostle of Jesus Christ, led by an individual taking on the appearance of YeshuaJesus Christ. which is designated as the Cluster Leader (CL)Designated as SCP-6731-2. of the formation.

SCP-6731-2 instances seem to have heightened sapience in comparison to SCP-6731-1 and possess rudimentary KinetoglyphicalKinetoglyphs, or kinetohazards, are physical and mental anomalous effects that occur when an entity performs specific motions and gestures. capabilities. SCP-6731-2 is able to use these abilities to perform basic miracles, similar to those found in Bible scripture performed by Yeshua.

The bodily features of each resurrected individual belonging to SCP-6731-1 grossly change over the course of three minutes following manifestation to approximately match the appearance of each biblical Apostle, ranging from the subject's facial structure reshaping through the changing of the mandible and nasal bone structures, to the rapid increase or decrease of the individuals' height to more closely match their designated Apostle. Any clothes or items on the individuals morph and combine into rough-sewn tunics. 

The changes appearing in males are the least severe, with the most common effects being artificially altered heights, increased facial hair growth, and a change of pigmentation across the entire body.

If a member of an SCP-6731-1 instance is female, their features will change to better suit the biblical description of the designated Apostle: in most cases, the subject experiences sudden onset swelling of the larynx and vocal cords, heightened production of testosterone, and rapid hair growth around the jaw, chin, and lower lip. In some scenarios, the subject experiences a merging of the mammary glands with the thorax and abdomen regions; Any fat is dispersed around the deltoids, thorax and abdomen, forming a considerable gut in most cases, along with disproportionately sized arms.

Each SCP-6731-1 instance exhibits relatively weak cognitohazardous properties, which are heavily amplified for people of Catholic belief, compelling them to stay near any SCP-6731-1 instance and worship them. 

After approximately one to three days of an SCP-6731-1 instance existing, the Cluster Leader of the formation will rise into the air before bursting into a flash of light. Individuals witnessing this event immediately begin transformation into SCP-6731-1 instances. 

@@ @@

---

## Addendum 6731.1

### LOG BETWEEN THE VATICAN AND THE FOUNDATION

---

@@ @@

Upon the first initial sighting of SCP-6731-1, MTF Eta-77 ("Spheres Within Spheres") was dispatched to the area near Vatican City to investigate the anomaly. While trying to subdue SCP-6731-2, Eta-77 was attacked by 5 priests claiming to be from the Holy Vatican Church, "Protecting the Jesus Christ and securing our spot in the heaven!" 

On behalf of the request of MTF Eta-77 squad leader Emmanuel Tirk, Vatican City was contacted shortly after.

The following messages are transcribed letters from the Foundation and Vatican City, which were sent using the Incense Thaumaturgical Exoplanar Sending System (TIESS) engineered by Hawkberg █████ in 17██.

---

**You know who we are.** 

4/03/2013

                                                                               *Casa Santa Marta. 00120 Vatican City.*

                                                                                

               

To whatever legislative body this letter might reach. We've collaborated before, and you know it. Our men have reported that they have been attacked by several holy men belonging to you, the Vatican. Why? As you can clearly see, we are dealing with an unknown force, so I sincerely hope that we can collaborate, with a common interest in mind.

Burn your answer with incense, and send it to Site-777. I hope to hear from whoever may receive this missive soon.

**-S.**                                                

---

@@ @@

---

**Vatican City**

5/03/2013                                                                           

                                                                                                                                 *Site-777*                                                               

I am afraid that we cannot let you harm our Lord and Savior. The Rapture is upon us, and you are foolish enough to try to stop it? How much more proof do you scientists need to believe Jesus Christ of Nazareth, the true and only God, exists as much as you and I exist? When we will all rise to the Kingdom of Heaven, and you will wallow in your own filth akin to maggots, maybe your men will realize what a mistake they have made all along.

**-Bishop Paul Shen**                                              

---

Shortly after this message, three SCP-6731-1 individuals originally present burst into a flash of light, resulting in nine more SCP-6731-1 instances. MTF teams have managed to contain the situation with limited violence, however several groups of individuals have started praising the new cluster formations as the Messiah and his Apostles. In light of this, it is proposed that should SCP-6731 be allowed to continue advancing without intervention, it has the potential to result in an RK-Class Theological Annihilation Scenario. Foundation focus was now changed to terminating all SCP-6731-1 instances.

---

**You know who we are.** 

5/03/2013

                                                                              *Casa Santa Marta. 00120 Vatican City.*

                                                                              

               

We have the real [Jesus Christ](SCP-7966) localized and known to us; we have dealt with more types of gods and spiritual entities than you can imagine, and none of them are the definite God. There is *no* definite God. The Vatican was never like this. We will lock down the general area, and find a way to deal with these clusters. We already have forces sent to deal with the threat.

I hope you can see things our way, and change your mind. We will preserve the veil over this world.

**-S.**                                                

---

A twenty-kilometer radius around the Vatican was put under traffic lock shortly afterward, on the pretense of a terrorist attack. People are encouraged to stay in their homes, and the Vatican is closely monitored for anyone exiting or leaving. 

---

**Vatican City**

6/03/2013                                                                           

                                                                                                                                 *Site-777*                                                               

Cluster? Cluster..? You, you call Jesus Christ, our Lord, and his Holy Apostles... You call them.. clusters? My friend, in this time of salvation, the Great Deceiver is working the hardest to sway people over from the light of our Lord, and you seem to be most affected by it. Your whole organization. Every one of you. Your lies have started seeping even into our own holy grounds. People are doubting. Some people. We are not.

**-Bishop Paul Shen**                                              

---

The amount of SCP-6731-1 instances increased from 12 to 57. Disruption class changed from Dark to Vlam. MTF Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings") will be sent to Rome to cull information spread. 

---

**You know who we are.** 

7/03/2013

                                                                              *Casa Santa Marta. 00120 Vatican City.*

                                                                              

As you might have noticed, the clusters have spread. How? Anyone's guess. If this does not show you and the Vatican that something must be done, I do not know what will. We've tried to collaborate; but it does not seem to work. I hate to say it, but the neutralizing of the clusters is our best option here. 

Here's another wishful attempt someone changes their mind in your holy church and comes to their senses.                

**-S.**                                                

---

 

Two MTF teams have been sent to the district Testaccio, Rome, following the letter with the intent to neutralize SCP-6731-1. The neutralization attempt is unsuccessful, with the SCP-6731-1 instances violently responding to attempts at apprehension, killing three MTF members and two bystanders in the altercation. Research into alternative containment methods is advised. Total lockdown is employed in Rome.

---

**You know who we are.** 

8/03/2013

                                                                              *Casa Santa Marta. 00120 Vatican City.*

                                                                              

Very well. Our neutralization attempts have so far proved ineffective, understandably. 

We have been thinking of a way to perhaps... Help you out, if you will. If we get something in return, of course. The Vatican says that this is the Second Coming of Christ, correct? Last I remember, the believers, regardless of their status, will ascend to Heaven, anyways, and the nonbelievers will not.

We can bring forth one last offer, which i hope shall change your mind. We will not bother you again, if you let us extract as many people from Rome as we can. We will not do anything to the clusters, or you. 

**-S.**                                                

---

The amount of SCP-6731-1 instances increased from 57 to 730. 

Individuals have started filming SCP-6731-1 instances, and instigating rallies "To welcome Jesus Christ into our land". Following this, internet access was heavily restricted, alongside police-enforced lockdowns in ███, █████ and ████.

---

**Vatican City**

9/03/2013                                                                           

                                                                                                                                 *Site-777*                                                               

No. Your offer is tainted.

After extensive discussions, your measly attempts will not stop our attempts at showing the truth to the world outside of your man-made "barrier". We'll spread the word of god, and let it shine.

**-Bishop Paul Shen**                                              

---

The amount of SCP-6731-1 instances increased from 730 to ~2,000. 

A group of individuals calling themselves "Defenders of the Light" have taken up protecting any SCP-6731-1 instances they come across, trying to spread their influence further.

---

**You know who we are.** 

10/03/2013

                                                                              *Casa Santa Marta. 00120 Vatican City.*

                                                                              

Suffice to say, we've tried enough. We don't know what you're affected by, and we're saddened by it. Truly. The world must go on, though, and we will always fight for that.

**-S.**                                                

---

The amount of SCP-6731-1 instances increased from ~2,000 to ~41,000. Disruption class changed from Vlam to Keneq. 

Shortly after, three MTF teams were sent to Vatican City to seize any official personnel inside. Until further notice, all captured individuals are imprisoned in Site-██. The main ruling body of the Vatican will be replaced by Foundation staff to preserve the veil.

@@ @@

---

## Addendum 6731.2

### PROTOCOL EUCHARIST

---

The following message was sent to all Tactical Theology departments, along with Site-777, Site-190, and Site-666, describing the method used to reenact Protocol EUCHARIST.

@@ @@

**DEPARTMENT OF**

**TACTICAL THEOLOGY**

**ON PROTOCOL EUCHARIST**

 Fine day, folks. While we know that our current situation is not the best, over in Italy, we have been able to engineer a ritual to expunge these Clusters out of our world, permanently. Through thick and thin, we will prevail. May your personal God be with you.

##red|**-T. Henry**##

##red|**Site-777, Site Director**##

@@ @@

Protocol EUCHARIST is the designation given to the ritual used to terminate an SCP-6731-1 instance. Protocol EUCHARIST requires the following:

- Three different tables, each one fitted with thirteen stool chairs.

- A small marble statue of Beelzebub.

- Three antique silver coins.

- Three steel cups.

- The blood of a fresh-cut *Ovis aries* (Domestic lamb).

- The Judas Iscariot of the SCP-6731-1 instance.

- Copy of *The Last Judgement*, Jan Van Eyck.

- A resigned or excommunicated Catholic priest.

---

To enact the ritual, the following steps must be completed:

- Each table shall be put in a triangular position regarding the other two tables, with the stools fitted accordingly.

- The statue of Beelzebub shall be put in the middle of the formation while reciting the sentence "And if you must take me, the light will follow".

- The silver coins shall be put on the seventh stool chair of each table.

- The blood of the *Ovis aries* (common Lamb) shall be drained and stored in three cups, each put on one of the tables. In the cups, the three silver coins shall be stored in.

- *The Last Judgement* shall be placed horizontally next to the Beelzebub statue in the middle of the room.

- SCP-6731-1 shall be released into the room.

- Depending on what table SCP-6731-1 chooses, the statue of Beelzebub shall be brought to the table SCP-6731-1 chose if it is oddly numbered, with the painting propped up on the table. If the table number is even, the statue and painting shall be directly given to the SCP-6731-2 instance of the group.

- After this, the resigned Catholic priest shall bring a single piece of bread to the table SCP-6731-1 is dining at, and speak the sentence "It is a fine day for the darkness to prevail in the light of your own work, is it not?".

Check the log below for the use of Protocol EUCHARIST.

@@ @@

MTF Eta-77 ("Spheres Within Spheres") was dispatched to bring a single SCP-6731-1 instance to Site-77. 

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 14/03/2013

**NOTE:** Enacting Protocol EUCHARIST.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**15:01:21** *MTF Eta-77 can be seen bringing an SCP-6731-1 instance in Site-77, depositing it near Procedure Room 7A. The SCP-6731-1 instance was reported to be primarily agitated during the transport but quickly calmed down once brought on-site.*

**15:02:45** *Foundation personnel can be seen setting up Protocol EUCHARIST in Protocol Room 7A. Dr. Heimstall and Dr. Ginne are seen setting up the tables, while Dr. Kasper is preparing the lamb, painting, and Beelzebub statue.*

**15:07:09** *Preparations are ready, SCP-6731-1 is released into the room.*

**15:07:31** *Confused at first, the SCP-6731-1 instance walks around the room, though eventually settles down at the second table.*

**15:08:07** *Ex. Priest Emmanuel █████ takes the statue of Beelzebub and brings it to the table, alongside a replica of the painting "The Last Judgement" by Jan Van Eyck, and awaits to see what happens.*

**15:09:01** *The fifth Apostle from the middle of the table picks up the statue to examine it. Camera feed starts capturing low-level light distortions.*

**15:09:33** *Ex. Priest Emmanuel █████ positions the painting on the table, while reciting "It is a fine day for the darkness to prevail in the light of your own work, is it not?". An unidentified screech can be heard from Protocol Room 7A.*

**15:09:45** *SCP-6731-2 becomes increasingly aggravated, attempts to physically harm Emmanuel. Two guards step in and attempt to shoot the instance. SCP-6731-2 protects itself with a shield kinetoglyph, and attempts to leave. Screams can be heard through the feed, though the sounds were not present on site.*

**15:11:02** *The SCP-6731-1 instance begins destroying Protocol Room 7A, and calms down shortly afterwards.*

---

[END LOG]

Protocol EUCHARIST has been attempted three more times, following this incident.

@@ @@

Protocol EUCHARIST has been deemed a complete failure. The amount of SCP-6731-1 instances increased from ~41,000 to ~134,000. Percentage of SCP-6731-1 instances compared to human individuals in Rome is 47%.

Following the attempt at Protocol EUCHARIST, the SCP-6731-1 instances present in Rome had became increasingly aggressive, with reports indicating that multiple instances were trying to breach the quarantine imposed on Rome. MTF teams were sent to deal with any attempted breaching. The south quarantine border was badly damaged. Attempts to enter Rome were getting increasingly difficult, with minimal success on personnel rescue missions attempted. Total containment failure is imminent.

---

*When push comes to shove, The Foundation prevails. Where there is darkness, we shine our light. This case is different, though. We've attempted to contact multiple GOIs, and for what? They weren't able to help, either. Nothing seems to work against these beings. Nothing. With becoming aggressive, we have arrived at an impasse. Do we try try to somehow ##green|**quench**## the undying flame these beings carry, or resort to... contacting ##red|**him**##? I do not put any blame on whoever would disagree to do so, but we are running out of choices.*

*May the light guide us in the right direction.*

---

@@ @@

| NO CONTACT | CONTACT |
| --- | --- |
| ##green|**159**## | ##red|**162**## |
@@ @@

*The department spoke. We will reach out to [DATA EXPUNGED]. May God grant us forgiveness for what we will do.*

---

@@ @@

---

## Addendum 6731.3

### AFTERMATH

---

@@ @@

Amount of SCP-6731-1 instances in Rome, Italy has been reduced to zero. Afterlife of any human individual still remaining in Rome has been compromised.

Repopulation efforts have been underway in the area over the course of a month, with a mix of foundation employees and amnestecized civilians funneled into the city. Vatican City has been assimilated into Foundation custody, with Pope Francis Foundation agent Jorge Mario Bergoglio. being nominated as the new Pope.

A news broadcast with built-in subliminal messaging containing Class Mystica Mnesticides on the topic of Rome has been sent to news stations across the world. The usage of pulverized Class E Amnestics has also been deployed in different parts of the world in which information about this phenomenon has potentially spread, alongside ground-based disinformation rallies.

Due to the sudden changes in Vatican ideology and shift towards different, more ritualistic practices, several Abrahamic religious bodies have commented and critiqued the changes, with the Jehovah's Witnesses in particular calling out several "Satanic rituals" being employed in Vatican City, though disinformation campaigns along with forged Biblical scripture taken from the BAVVatican Apostolic Library. have temporarily quelled the concerns.

All subsequent manifestation events have been contained with no further escalation of conflict recorded to date, thanks to updated protocols and additional knowledge gained during the first manifestation event. SCP-6731-1 instances are to be apprehended immediately following a manifestation event, following containment procedures.

<< [SCP-6730](SCP-6730) | SCP-6731 | [SCP-6732](SCP-6732) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Jesus1.png

> **Name:** Selva_Rasalingam_as_Jesus_in_the_The_Gospel_of_Luke_(2016).jpg

> **Author:**  Jake Thomas 

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Selva_Rasalingam_as_Jesus_in_the_The_Gospel_of_Luke_(2016).jpg

> **Filename:** 800px-Crowd_at_Knebworth_House_-_Rolling_Stones_1976.jpg

> **Name:** Crowd_at_Knebworth_House_-_Rolling_Stones_1976.jpg

> **Author:** Sérgio Valle Duarte

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Crowd_at_Knebworth_House_-_Rolling_Stones_1976.jpg

---

=====
