---

# WARNING: UNAUTHORIZED AI CONSTRUCT DETECTED. PLEASE INPUT ACCESS CODE TO CONTINUE

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 5/6394 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** As of 02-03-2021, containment of SCP-6394 is currently headed by Junior Researcher Kendra Lillian, under Containment Supervisor Jacob Beere. Current containment of SCP-6394 is focused on recovering lost copies of SCP-6394-A; archived containment procedures are listed below.

#### ARCHIVED NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

Documents pertaining to SCP-6394 have to be kept on paper for all personnel below level 5 now, because either one of you is secretly a bee or the honeybees have access to level 4 SCIPnet credentials. Either way, if you aren't an O5, please talk to me and I'll grab you a paper document. .Also, SCP-6394, if you're reading this, thanks for ruining it for all of us. You black and yellow jackasses.. ##blue|Feeling's mutual.##

-- Jacob Beere, Containment Supervisor for SCP-6394

Foundation webcrawler "benson.aic" has been assigned to search the internet for instances of SCP-6394-A and archive them to Foundation Server ████ for review by a qualified memetics and cognitohazard specialist. Subsequently, the footage, audio, or image(s) is to be made available to Provisional Task Force β-33 "Beekeepers" for the purpose of locating more instances of SCP-6394.

Further procedures will be devised when the motive of hypothetical PoI-6394-1.Designation given to the method, person, or credentials that SCP-6394 is using to access its own file; no suspicious logins have been made nor has any particular user accessed file 6394, suggesting an ability to delete access history. Further testing required..##blue|I'm right here. Come and get me.##, as well as their method of bypassing Foundation information security, is discovered. In the meantime, information regarding the whereabouts and containment methods of SCP-6394 is temporarily classified level 5, and disseminated to containment teams in eyes-only paper documents on a need-to-know basis.

**Description:** SCP-6394 is the collective term given to 800-1300 *Apis mellifera*.Western Honey bee exhibiting sentience, sapience, and the ability to communicate telepathically among themselves..##blue|And me.## SCP-6394 displays a high level of knowledge about the internal affairs of the Foundation, consistent with a level 4 containment specialist. It uses this knowledge to breach or avoid containment and to incorporate into instances of SCP-6394-A. As this is a gross breach of information security, it is a B-3 priority to contain, interrogate, and amnesticize remaining members of SCP-6394.

SCP-6394 instances spend most of their time creating and proliferating multimedia content. This includes music, short films, digital art, physical art, and even feature length films. This content is designated SCP-6394-A. Over 97% of recorded SCP-6394-A instances are not themselves anomalous. The methods by which SCP-6394-A instances are distributed are currently unknown.

**Addendum 1.1:**

> **Interviewed:** 500-600 bees belonging to SCP-6394.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Junior Researcher Kendra Lillian

> 

> **Foreword:** A subset of ~600 SCP-6394 instances focused on the creation of music were interviewed. Interview objectives were to ascertain SCP-6394's motives and the method of creation of SCP-6394-A instances..##blue|Is just art not enough?## Communication was established via a class IV Telepathic Incision device utilized on a group of four bees that served as "Interpreters" for the rest of the swarm, hereafter referred to as SCP-6394-1.

> 

> **<Begin Log, 2018-04-12, 17:07 FST>**

> 

> **Junior Researcher Kendra Lillian:** Hello, SCP-6394, we've finished hooking you up to to the interpreter now. I'm going to ask you a few questions now. Do you understand me?

> 

> **SCP-6394-1:** Yes.

> 

> **Lillian:** Air your grievances, for the record, and we'll accommodate you after the interview.

> 

> **6394-1:** There's nothing in here to stimulate our creativity. How are we supposed to create music under these conditions?

> 

> **Lillian:** It's not my decision to make. The sooner we get through this interview, the sooner we can try to find a situation that works for the both of us.

> 

> *6394-1 pauses for a moment. Instruments later confirm this action as discussing its options with other instances of SCP-6394.*

> 

> **6394-1:** We're listening.

> 

> **Lillian:** How are you attaining information about the Foundation? 

> 

> *6394-1 remains silent; Later instrument recordings are corrupted around this segment of the audio log, suggesting outside tampering and possible communication with PoI-6394-1. There is a long pause.*

> 

> **Lillian:** You understand that, someone or something uncleared for 

> 

> **6394-1:** With all respect, doctor, we're a bee-themed cover band running from a cross between God and the DMV. We aren't telling you jack shit.

> 

> **Lillian:** ...Second question, can you elaborate on what your plans are for the future? Anything we should be looking out for?

> 

> **6394-1:** We were going to release "Yellow Album" next week.

> 

> **Lillian:** Is that your version of "White Album?"

> 

> **6394-1:** No, it's honeybee Pinkerton, you uncultured swine.

> 

> *Lillian takes a moment to clean their glasses, then sighs.*

> 

> **Lillian:** And after that?

> 

> **6394-1:** The Black Album. Then, we release the Yellow Album again.

> 

> *Lillian sighs again, which noticeably stirs the swarm..##blue| They were laughing at her. It was pretty funny, in all honesty.## She takes a moment to restore her composure.*

> 

> **Lillian:** Last question, I promise. Is any of the content you create potentially hazardous to humans?

> 

> **6394-1:** Not unless you're allergic to bees.

> 

> **Lillian:** Can you elaborate on that?

> 

> **6394-1:** No.

> 

> **<End Log, 19:26>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Containment procedures updated to exclude anyone with bee related allergies from working with media produced by SCP-6394. On a personal note, I can't fucking believe this is a real thing.

**Addendum 1.2:**

Notable instances of SCP-6394-A are listed below.

| Designation | Recovery Site | Description | Additional Information |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| SCP-6394-A-1 | Liverpool, UK | Presumed to be SCP-6394's first album. A blank VHS tape with the words "Dreams of Honey" scrawled across the front in dry-erase marker. | ##blue|I don't remember how this one goes.## |
| SCP-6394-A-2 | Albany, New York | Unmarked disc with the backing track to "Ambition gets you Stung". | ##blue|Oh man, this one was a bit cringe-y. They were young, and JJ thought he would strike it big immediately. He was just a kid.## |
| SCP-6394-A-7 | Longwood, Florida | Vinyl record titled "Queen Bee: Bobeemian Rhapsobee". First instance of SCP-6394-A that wasn't destroyed or wiped. | ##blue|I can still smell what I think might be honey when I listen to this one. I miss it.## |
| SCP-6394-A-11 | Richmond, Virginia | Vinyl record titled "Black Album". Contains singles "Sugarbee", "The Smokeout", and "Tired of Suicide-Sex". | ##red|ERR; Unauthorized AIC detected. Help desk notified.## |
**Addendum 1.3:** 

As of 2-3-2021 SCP-6394 has stopped producing SCP-6394-A, and have been reclassified as Euclid. Due to a lack of "Queen" variants of SCP-6394, SCP-6394 populations have declined to ~100. The population is expected to die out in an estimated two months.

**Addendum 1.4:**

After being interviewed (see Addendum 1.1), some SCP-6394-A instances began appearing in Foundation custody. Below are all recorded instances of this occurence:

| Designation | Recovery Site | Description | Additional Information |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| SCP-6394-A-13 | SCP-6394's containment chamber. | Large, portrait painting of an instance of SCP-6394-1, with the caption "Wish you were here! - JJ" | N/A |
| SCP-6394-A-16 | Desk of Containment Supervisor Jacob Beere | Video of a cartoon honeybee begging for its life. | N/A |
| SCP-6394-A-17 through SCP-6394-A-119 | Various Foundation Sites | Home movies consisting of "Memoirs" of various bees; instances include "Notorious Bee. I. G" (pictured above), Freddy "Mercurbee", and "JJ". SCP-6394-119, "JJ", triggers severe allergic reactions in anyone exhibiting allergies to bees. | N/A |
| SCP-6394-A-120 | Desk of Junior Researcher Kendra Lillian | Untitled Vinyl Record; Music is garbled and unintelligible, but Foundation AI appears to read the song as a cover of Pink Floyd's "Shine on you Crazy Diamond" | ##blue|This is why I helped them. They were good. They were real good.## |
Foundation webcrawler "##blue|Benson##" decommissioned; pending classification of SCP-6394 as neutralised.

<< [SCP-6393](SCP-6393) |  SCP-6394 | [SCP-6395](SCP-6395) >>
