**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6338 is to be kept at all times in a reinforced glass box, with dimensions of 3.5 by 3.5 by 0.5 metres.  This box must be transparent enough that the contents can clearly be observed from outside, and should not be covered by any opaque material for any extended length of time.  It should also be secured by at least 1 (one) padlock of Class 1 or higher.  The box containing SCP-6338 is to be kept atop a 5.5m tall concrete pillar that has been erected especially for this at Foundation Site 18-S in Antarctica.  A strict no-fly zone is to be maintained over a 15km radius circle centred on this pillar.

**Description:** SCP-6338 is a 3.02 metre long child's skipping rope.  The skipping rope is unfurled into a straight and almost taut configuration, and is placed on a roughly trapezoidal shaped piece of double wall corrugated cardboard (SCP-6338-2).  The skipping rope, including its handles, forms a sort of 'barrier' that impedes the progress of any sentient life form attempting to pass over it.  It is unclear how high this barrier extends above the rope (see e.g. Interview #1), but experiments have not found any short or long-term effects for sentient life forms passing underneath SCP-6338.

The mechanism behind the 'barrier' created by SCP-6338 is unclear, but the way it manifests has been well-studied.  Any sentient or near-sentient individual may freely pass over SCP-6338 once with no ill effects.  There does not seem to be anything physically preventing a conscious being from crossing the rope a second time, but such beings without fail 'change their mind' before crossing it and abort the attempt.  If a conscious being is to be 'forced' across the rope by the actions of another sentient being, then this 'mind changing' property is transferred to the instigator of the attempt, and the attempt will likewise be aborted (see e.g. Interview #2).

Experiments have established exactly what classifies as a 'conscious being' for the effects of SCP-6338.  All live vertebrates and most invertebrates are unable to cross SCP-6338 a second time, but some extremely simple animals (jellyfish and sponges) seem to be unaffected by it.  Artificial intelligences, no matter how advanced, are able to freely cross SCP-6338 an indefinite number of times.  To our knowledge, no animate SCP-class objects or persons have ever attempted to cross SCP-6338, and hence the consequences of such an eventuality are unknown.

All attempts to separate the skipping rope from the cardboard sheet have thus far failed, and both rope and cardboard are seemingly infinitely rigid.  In addition to this, the cardboard sheet cannot be freely reoriented in space, and its top surface is locked to be perpendicular to the local direction of gravity (e.g. the skipping rope is always 'on top' of the cardboard sheet from the perspective of an observer on the ground).

Further experimentation on SCP-6338 is considered very low priority, and hence has been suspended since 2016 on ethical and resource allocation grounds.

**Recovery Log and Containment History**: SCP-6338 was recovered by Field Agent Morris on March 12, 2009 from the campus of the University of █████████ in La Serena, Chile.  At this time SCP-6338 was held in a storage facility operated by a college fraternity.  While at this location, the object received infrequent use as part of an initiation or 'hazing' ritual for new student members of the fraternity, who were tasked with jumping over it without spilling cups of alcohol held in both hands.  Interviewees suggested that a member of the fraternity originally found SCP-6338 on a nearby commercial street after noticing that, during peak hours, pedestrians would form a bottleneck rather than cross what they described as a 'weirdly uncomfortable piece of trashQuote translated from the original Spanish.'.

Upon recovery, SCP-6338 was transferred to Secure Storage Locker G-859 at Foundation Site KY-5 in Boone County, Kentucky.  The object remained secured in this location until a containment review on July 14, 2011, when SCP-6338 was transferred to storage in a new glass containment structure built at KY-5, designed to prevent accidental approaches of the rope.  SCP-6338 remained at this location until April 3, 2013.  On this date, as a direct result of the Flight 188 incident (see e.g. Interview #1), SCP-6338 was relocated to Site 18-S in Antarctica.  SCP-6338 was held at this site without significant incident until January 7, 2016, when an unauthorised person was able to gain access to the object and removed it from its containment (see related text in Document SCP-6338-D01[U]).  The containment status of SCP-6338 remained unknown until it was recovered by Field Operatives on October 1, 2016, at the abandoned Soviet Antarctic research station at Sovetskaya.  As a result of this incident, the containment procedures for SCP-6338 have been amended to recommend that the box containing it be locked when not in use.

**Research Note:** It was long assumed that SCP-6338 operated by imparting an urge to avoid it onto sentient creatures through some unknown psychocognitive or memetic mechanism.  However, extensive experimentation with Class-B TracerA class of mnestic drugs which make the user aware of most attempts to manipulate their mind. mnestics have all but eliminated this possibility.  In addition to this, attempts to communicate with SCP-6338 through telepathic means have failed (see experiment notes in SCP-6338-D01[U]), suggesting that SCP-6338 is neither sentient nor possesses a will.

Our current best theory on how the SCP-6338 barrier works is a sort of universe-wide survivorship bias.  As is well documented, whenever a decision is made by a conscious entity, the universe splits in two at the point the decision is made, with each new universe playing out as if a different decision was reached.  Under this theory, there is nothing physically or mentally stopping a conscious being from crossing SCP-6338 a second time, but the consequences of doing so would inevitably result in the The Foundation ceasing to exist.  As such, we necessarily must live in a branch of the universe where, by chance, each attempted second crossing of SCP-6338 has been voluntarily aborted.  This implies potentially catastrophic implications of a conscious being crossing SCP-6338 a second time; however, as this object was likely initially located on a street in a high-density commercial area,  it has likely been crossed many times and resulted in thousands if not millions of causally adjacent dead-end universes with no lingering effects on the universe we currently inhabit.  As such, and given the mitigating factor of SCP-6338's extremely remote location, a rating of Safe continues to be recommended.

**Relevant Interviews:**

**INTERVIEW #1**

**Interviewed:** Clarissa Daniels

**Interviewer:** ██████ Morris, Class-B Researcher at Foundation Site KY-5, in Boone County, Kentucky.

**Foreword:** Clarissa Daniels was the head flight attendant on ██████ Flight 188 from Memphis, Tennessee to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on March 18, 2013. This aircraft is believed to have directly overflown the former location of SCP-6338 when it was stored at Site KY-5.

<details>
<summary>+ show interview transcript</summary>

**<Begin Log, March 24, 2013, 01:33:16>**

**Morris:** So let's get the facts straight, ok?  Let's go from the top.  How did it all begin?

**Daniels:** Well, the passengers started getting agitated about an hour into the flight...

**Morris:** Passengers plural?  We only found one body in the search area.

**Daniels:** Yes two of them, both men, mid-to-late 30s I'd say?  Businessman types.  I think I recognised both of their faces, I think they flew with us quite often.  Anyway, they both just got up out of their seats at the same time.  The seatbelt sign was on right then, but... none of us told them to sit back down.  I don't really know why, I just... something told me I shouldn't intervene?

**Morris:** Were they travelling together?

**Daniels:** I think so, they were certainly sat near each other.  They didn't speak to each other when they went forwards up the aisle, but they both had this damn fierce look of determination written on their faces...

**Morris:** And you didn't think to stop them?

**Daniels:** Of course I did!  When two burly young guys storm up towards the cockpit door, you fear the worst right?  But I just... I dunno, I just watched it happen... we watched it happen.  It wasn't even like we were too afraid to act, I wasn't at least.  We all just watched those young those men wrestle with the front left boarding door until they managed to pop it open.

**Morris:** What did you do when they got it open?

**Daniels:** We were all back in our jump seats by the time the decompression started, we all knew what was going to happen and we all knew we needed to be secured.  And then there was just chaos; the whole plane filled with freezing cold condensation, all manner of papers and cups and god knows what went flying out the door.  It's a good thing the seatbelt signs were already on; a couple people got jostled around pretty roughly, I think a little kid lost a couple of teeth when he bumped his head on the seat in front, but thank God nobody else got seriously hurt.

**Morris:** And the two young men?

**Daniels:** By the time things had calmed down a bit, the Captain had taken us back down to 10,000 feet and we were enroute to our emergency landing in Cincinnati, but those two young men... we never saw them again.  Of course we didn't.  We just... let them do it, you know?  No.  Worse than that.  We all made a conscious choice not to stop it.

**Morris:** Did either of the casualties say anything during all of this?

**Daniels:** I think... just as they were about to blow out of the aircraft... I think I heard one of them say "Whee".

**<End Log, March 24, 2013, 01:39:20>**

</details>

**Closing Statement:** Clarissa Daniels was subsequently transferred to the Foundation Site TN-041, along with the other passengers and crew aboard the aircraft, to have their memories reconditioned to believe the fatalities on Flight 188 were the results of spontaneous heart attacks.  The two men who instigated the incident, now identified as ██████ █████ and ███████ ████████, are believed to have been aboard another flight circa 2012 which also crossed over the airspace directly above SCP-6338.

The body of ██████ █████ was found in a field near Covington, Kentucky on March 19, and the body of ███████ ████████ was found further south in a heavily wooded area in Gallatin County on March 30.  Autopsies indicate that both victims died of catastrophic blunt force trauma caused by a terminal velocity fall.  A background search on both victims found no signs of depression or suicidal tendencies.  As such, their simultaneous decision to exit the aircraft above Boone County is likely tied to an unconscious decision to avoid crossing the barrier above SCP-6338 a second time.  As a result of this incident, SCP-6338 was transferred to its current location at Site 18-S, far from any commercial flightpaths, and a no-fly zone has been established around its location.

**INTERVIEW #2**

**Interviewed:** ███ Waynright, seasonal Class-C Researcher at Foundation Site 18-S, Antarctica

**Interviewer:** ██████ Morris, permanent Class-C Researcher at Foundation Site 18-S, Antarctica

**Foreword:** Waynright was the Secondary Investigator on Project Mouseover, a series of experiments designed to determine exactly which creatures or other beings can or cannot pass over SCP-6338, which ran from 2013 to 2016.  The second phase of the project, starting in 2015, set out to measure the effects of a sentient being crossing the rope not under its own volition, but due to the conscious action of another sentient being.  Due to an operational error on the part of Researcher Waynright, the experiment failed and both human subject and vehicle were lost.

<details>
<summary>+ show interview transcript</summary>

**<Begin Log, December 5, 2015 17:48:01>**

**Morris:** So are you going to tell me exactly what went wrong?

**Waynright:** C'mon man, we've been over this!  It wasn't my fault!

**Morris:** The only D-Class we got allocated for the month is dead, Morris.  We've learned nothing, The Site Director already thinks we're a waste of time, and we're this close to losing our allocation of Class Ds entirely!

**Waynright:** I get that...

**Morris:** And you had the remote control for the vehicle that D-11412 was riding in, correct?

**Waynright:** I mean, yes, but...

**Morris:** So you drove her straight over top of SCP-6338 once as planned, correct?  Then you turned the car back around and piloted her back towards the rope?

**Waynright:** Look, stop there, yeah?  We... we don't know what we're fucking with here, do we?  We don't understand it, we can't control it... I couldn't in good faith drive that damn go-kart back over 6338.  Who knows what would have happened to Four-Twelvey?

**Morris:** For God's sake Waynright, this is the whole point of what we do at the Foundation!  The whole reason I've devoted 6 years of my life to studying a damned jump rope!  The better we understand these anomalies, the better we can contain... wait, did you just call her 'Four-Twelvey'?

*Waynright does not reply.*

**Morris:** Right, ok, whatever.  We can discuss your future later.  But for now, just to make this clear for the tape: instead of following orders, you veered left at the last moment, so hard that the vehicle skidded off course until it smashed into a rocky outcrop at top speed.  This killed D-11412 instantly and destroyed a piece of equipment that, while not particularly expensive, is a huge pain in the ass to transport out onto the Antarctic ice fields.

**Waynright:** I couldn't risk it.  I just couldn't alright?  Four-Twelvy... I mean, 11412 got so close to the rope, every cell in my body started freaking out.  It was more like instinct than a conscious decision, like my nervous system overrode me and jerked my thumb to the left.  I was trying to save her.  C'mon man, 11412 was a friend.  I drank with her, I watched movies with her...

**Morris:** What?  D-11412 was provided to us already sealed inside the vehicle, and you only spoke to her once at the start of the test.  Did you know her before you joined the Foundation?  Christ's sake, you know you have to declare this stuff!

**Waynright:** Well, no...

**Morris:** But you're claiming she was a friend?

**Waynright:** More than that.  We were in love, alright?  We must have been.  I wouldn't have broken orders otherwise.

**Morris:** For the love of God...

**Waynright** Look... I just... I had to try and save her.  What would you have done?  What would you have done differently if your true love was sat in there?

Morris sighs loudly.

**Morris:** Honestly?  Knowing 6338?  Unfortunately, nothing.

*Waynright does not reply.*

**Morris:** This fucking rope is going to be the death of me.

**<End Log, December 5, 2015 17:48:58>**

</details>

**Closing Statement:** Researcher Waynright resigned from The Foundation on December 6, and was transferred back to the United States for decomissioning.  A request for a grave plot alongside that of D-11412 was declined.

**Relevant Documents:**

**Document SCP-6338-D01[U]**

**Document Description:** SCP-6338-D01[U] is a series of experiment logs and memoirs written by former Class-C Researcher Morris between January and June 2016.  The documents describe the events leading up to the SCP-6338 containment breach on January 7, 2016, as well as the results of a number of unauthorised experiments on SCP-6338 involving fraudulently obtained Class-C mnestic agents.  SCP-6338-D01[U] also contains many other documents including the official Last Statement of former Researcher Morris, as well as numerous unsent letters from former Researcher Morris addressed to estranged family members in the United States.  In total, SCP-6338-D01[U] consists of 75,318 words in approximately 138 separate documents; only a selection of relevant portions of SCP-6338-D01[U] are presented here.

**IMPORTANT NOTICE!** - researchers should consider all scientific results presented in these documents to be extremely unreliable, due to the deteriorating mental state of the author and their increasing hostility towards the Foundation.

<details>
<summary>+ show document SCP-6338-D01[U]-001</summary>

**Document:** SCP-6338-D01[U]-001

**Date Created:** January 3, 2016

**Content:**

I am writing this because the Foundation have left me no choice.  I would love to say I am surprised by what's happened, but the higher-ups have always had it in for me from day 1.  When they shipped me off to to the Chilean desert of all places to look for anomalies, it was obvious they didn't trust me, but I was determined to show them wrong.  I followed up every tenuous lead I found, every vague rumour I heard, desperate to find anything to show the Foundation I was for real.  And it worked!  I found an SCP-class anomaly based on god-damned college rumours of all things; I can't think of another field agent who would have had enough determination to find 6338.  And when the Site Director in Boone County offered to let me travel up there with The Rope and lead the research effort, I thought maybe the Foundation was finally taking me seriously.  But of course not.

I understand why I got the blame for the 188 incident; someone has to take the blame, right?  Even if I wasn't even in the state that day.  I get it; I was pissed off at the time, but I get it.  But ever since the move to Antarctica, I've just been a laughing stock.  I mean, I guess that makes sense too; you've got this site in the most isolated place on Earth, filled with all this high-level euclid crap that could end the universe at a moment's notice, and this guy turns up with a colourful kid's toy?  Again, I get it.  But this is the Foundation, these people should be above this, and the admins definitely should be.  I hope for their sake none of them are caught up in the forthcoming but, if they are, I will not shed too many tears.

Operation Mouseover was an underfunded mess since the moment I got here.  The Foundation only seems to care about exactly what happens if you do manage to cross SCP-6338 a second time even though... well, you can't.  I tried explaining to them that the questions they want answers to don't even make sense, but every month I'd get my report from O5-█, explaining that my funding was being cut even more because of 'continued lack of progress' or some such similar thing.  Bullshit.  They're just looking for a way to silence me, looking for a way to make my discoveries look less valid.  I know the O5s aren't stupid, they *know* I have value, but how the fuck did they expect me to work on one D-Class a month.

Well, I just got out of an online call with one of O5-█'s secretaries, because of course the coward won't face me themself.  The call... it didn't go well.  Operation Mouseover is cancelled, my funding is cut and they're shipping me back to Boone County at the end of the month.  Fuck that.  SCP-6338 is too dangerous to leave unstudied on a fucking plinth out in the snow.  I'm taking this into my own hands.

If you're a Foundation officer reading this right now, I'm guessing you already know all this.  You'll already know how my saga ends, and I sure hope you're ready to apologise for the years of goddamned doubt.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ show document SCP-6338-D01[U]-004</summary>

**Document:** SCP-6338-D01[U]-004

**Date Created:** January 6, 2016 

**Content:**

Holy crap, the forged signatures worked!  I overheard Agent ██████Name redacted at the request of Field Agent Terrin. chatting to his staff at lunch about an unexpected delivery he'd gotten from Headquarters.  I butted in, and offered to deal with it for him; of course he accepted, because they all just see me as a janitor and a coffee slave.  So now I have the delivery, and now I have a tonne of some of the strongest mnestics the Foundation has on stock.

The documents they came with are... well, they're terrifying.  All the drugs have these crazy names like █████████████-███████████████-(█,█)-████████ █████████████, and they all come with multi-page descriptions of the many horrible ways they can kill you, or worse.  And of course, they all have the same warning; 'Should not be Used by Personnel Without Level 2 Mnestic Conditioning Training'.  There's no time for that.  As long as this rope stays here with these uncaring jackasses, the whole world is at stake.

So tomorrow, I've arranged for one of the grunts to quietly fly me, the drugs and 6338 out to the old abandoned Soviet base at Sovetskaya.  If the Foundation won't do it's job, I guess I'll just save the world on my own.  It's a shame I won't be able to let the helicopter pilot go back afterwards, of course, but this is bigger than any of us.  I'm sure his family will forgive me.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ show document SCP-6338-D01[U]-018</summary>

**Document:** SCP-6338-D01[U]-018

**Date Created:** January 21, 2016 

**Content:**

I saw him, that pilot... that pilot who's been laying dead out front for the last two weeks.  I've been slowly ramping up my dose of mnestics each day, trying to give myself at least a bit of 'mnestic conditioning' (whatever that is) before I move onto the heavy stuff.  But these drugs... I wouldn't wish them on anyone.  I've been feeling every moment scrape by since I got here, and with every day those seconds get sharper and deeper.  And then there's the visions; I've been seeing things that I know aren't there... or at least, things that I hope aren't there.  I'm surrounded by these... vortices, and terrible mantras, and towering creatures of broken glass and... lions sewn from paper and aether that lurk under the buttons of my coat.  And dead helicopter pilots jogging along the ceiling.  And they're all laughing at me.  But I have to drown it out, I have to.  The way forward is clear to me now; brutally clear, painfully clear.  I crossed 6338 for the first time earlier and, of course, couldn't bring myself to cross it again.  But if I can't cross it in the now, then I will just have to cross it at a time when the now is the past.  If that makes any sense.  Maybe it will in the future.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ show document SCP-6338-D01[U]-025</summary>

**Document:** SCP-6338-D01[U]-025

**Date Created:** January 30, 2016 

**Content:**

I lost a couple of days there, but I think I'm finally starting to get used to these drugs now.  The hallucinations are fading; the world is still in painfully sharp focus, but I'm starting to think that's a good thing.  And today, Gary forgave me for killing him.  Everything's looking up.  Now that my head's clearer I can form an actual plan for the next few months; I should have at least until September before supplies start running down.  I'm going to move onto the drugs that supposedly give you short-term prescience, the ones called P0The original version of SCP-6338-D01[U] contained multiple reference to an extremely sensitive high-security mnestic drug; for the purposes of this report, all references to this drug are redacted to 'P0'..  Then I'm going to run at the rope.  I know I won't cross it, I know that, no matter how determined I start as, I will stop before I reach that rope.  But maybe there's some future where I don't stop.  And these drugs, if they work... maybe they'll let me have a glimpse of that future.

Perhaps after all this time telling the Foundation there was no way to tell what happens when you cross the rope, there is a way after all.  The irony's not lost on me, and Gary thinks its hilarious, but none of that matters now.  The fate of the world is still in my hands here.  And all I have to do is to take a whole lot of drugs and then make it over that jump rope.  Just like the students who first found this thing, I guess.

I'm calling all of this 'Project Doubleclick'.  A spiritual successor to Mouseover, I guess, but finally without the binding shackles of the Foundation round my ankles.  I'll try my best to record my results in a coherent way, but even the mnestics I'm on at the moment are making this difficult.  I wish I still had Waynright; this sort of thing is so much easier with a second person to keep you based in reality, and Gary isn't exactly much help on that front.  But I must continue.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ show document SCP-6338-D01[U]-041</summary>

**Document:** SCP-6338-D01[U]-041

**Date Created:** February 15, 2016 

**Content:**

Today I saw the future.  In fact, I can still see it now.  At some moments its all I can see.  Gary is worried and is sulking in his helicopter, but I'm still spending enough of the time lucid to record what

Wait, I haven't written this.  I saw myself write this tomorrow, but I haven't seen that yet.  Me and Gary are going to make each other Valentine's Cards tomorrow seeing as nobody else is out here, but I already did that last week, didn't I?  When is yesterday?  I feel like time is a river I am swimming through, but it's flowing sideways and down is to the East.  I'm tryi

I think I ran the experiment today but I'll have to wait until last Thursday for the results.  Or perhaps it'll be tomorrow noon.  Fuck am I high right now.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ show document SCP-6338-D01[U]-080</summary>

**Document:** SCP-6338-D01[U]-080

**Date Created:** March 8, 2016 

**Content:**

For now, I'm back in the present, at least I'm rooted here enough to be able to finally get started on Project Doubleclick.  So I ran the first test; I took some P0, and I ran towards SCP-6338.  But just before I started the run, I saw the universe fan out before me like a pack of playing cards.  I saw myself run towards the rope in a myriad different possible futures and then, in every single one of them... I saw myself fail to cross it.  Have we been wrong about this thing the whole time?  I've tried speaking to SCP-6338; with the amount of drugs in me right now, I'm having full conversations with extinct mammals that haven't been here since the Triassic, but SCP-6338 remains completely silent.  I'm pretty damn sure there's no mind or will in that thing to stop me crossing it, so some futures must exist in which I do cross it, right?  So why can't I see them?  I must be missing something here.  I sure hope I'm missing something.  This can't be another dead end.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ show document SCP-6338-D01[U]-104</summary>

**Document:** SCP-6338-D01[U]-104

**Date Created:** April 10, 2016 

**Content:**

Einstein once said stupidity was doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.  But who's stupid now, eh?  It's been over a month but finally... FINALLY today I saw something.  I think.  Again, I ran at the rope.  Again, I saw the world splitting before me like branches of a tree.  And again, I saw myself halt just before I got to the goddamned skipping rope.  But just before the world collapsed back into itself, before the present re-coalesced in front of me, there was just... the briefest hint of something different.  In the corner of my eye, for just a split second, it looked like... it looked like maybe I crossed the rope.  For the briefest of moments, a brilliant white flashed across my vision, it looked like it was even bleeding into timelines where as usual I didn't cross the rope.  Gary thinks I'm going crazy but... I'm sure it was something.  I'm not sure what's changed, maybe I've just gotten more used to P0, maybe 6338 has gotten more used to me.  But I feel like I must be close.

But last night, I had another vision.  It's been happening every other night or so; it must be a side-effect of P0, that I get to see glimpses of arbitrary points in time.  I saw this research centre I'm hiding in in... I guess it was June or July.  And I saw myself.  I saw myself dead, or dying; there was frost growing on my skin, ice clogging my airways.  Of course, just because P0 shows me something doesn't mean its going to come to pass but... it bothered me enough to make me check the supplies.  I forgot to factor in the fact I'd need more fuel in the Winter.  If I'm still here by then, then... I'm not going to make it.  Gary is scared, but I've assured him I'll be ok.  All this means is that I'll have to work double fast; maybe by the time its May I'll be back under the wing of a newly reformed Foundation, with a statue erected to MY dedication and MY discoveries.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ show document SCP-6338-D01[U]-109</summary>

**Document:** SCP-6338-D01[U]-109

**Date Created:** April 15, 2016

**Content:**

I saw it again.  That brilliant white light, so bright that it blurred the line between tomorrow and today.  But I was not afraid.  The first time I saw it I thought it was some disaster, some explosion, or a reality tearing itself apart at the seams.  But this time I found the light comforting.  It was soft, beautiful, almost divine.  I feel elevated simply by existing in a present with a future in which that light exists.

I no longer think that whatever 'catastrophic' event awaits those that cross the rope is catastrophic at all.  We had always assumed that whatever happened would end civilisation, but what if it just ended the part of civilisation that was focused on trying to cross the rope in the first place?  What if the crossing-the-rope event was some kind of... global enlightenment, some ascension of the whole human race, which made the Foundation itself unnecessary?  It all makes perfect sense; everyone who's ever studied this damn rope has been a Foundation agent, so of course the universe would continue to be biased in directions such that Foundation agents continue to exist.  And of course the Foundation would try to belittle the power of the rope, to cast it aside, when the very act of trying to study it could be the act that destroys them.

What I see in the next few days will be critical.  I feel I am approaching a point of no return, a modern-day of crossing of the Rubicon.  A 'Rubicon Rope', I guess; that's what I'm calling 6338 from now on, by the way.  But I feel like this is going to finally pay off; months in this long-dead tin shack full of skeletons and ghosts, staring at a fucking rope on a piece of cardboard in the middle of the room.  This is what I've been working towards ever since I was in Chile.  This is my validation.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ show document SCP-6338-D01[U]-113</summary>

**Document:** SCP-6338-D01[U]-113

**Date Created:** April 19, 2016

**Content:**

The Rope is not a gatekeeper of some biblical event, it's a repository of knowledge.  For the first time today I saw a glimpse of the world through that brilliant light and I saw... myself.  I saw an enlightened Buddha, a mind brimming with the answers to society's woes.  I saw the Foundation closing its doors, rendered obsolete in the utopian tsunami that will shake the world from sea to sea.  I am to be the God that brings forth the next age.

But I can't yet see exactly what this divine knowledge consists of, nor do I understand how I'm going to get it.  Is it a divine revelation from some angel?  A moment of superhuman inspiration?  Does the Rope itself grow a mouth and simply tell me all the secrets of the universe?  I do not yet know, but I feel I am closer to epiphany every single day.  I just hope I can find the answers before it's too late.

Knowing what I know now, I can't go back to the Foundation.  I just can't.  Even what little I've seen so far puts their entire operation at risk, and I know they won't allow that.  I'll have to find another way, but so far none of my night visions have shown me in a world after leaving this station.  The omens do not look good, but I have to keep going.   For all of us.  For Gary.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ show document SCP-6338-D01[U]-138</summary>

**Document:** SCP-6338-D01[U]-138

**Date Created:** June 5, 2016 

**Content:**

The boiler is out of fuel.

This is going to be my last entry.  The future is laid before me now, even more clearly than ever before.  I see hundreds of paths stretching before me, I see myself, terrified, in a million different realities as I slowly freeze to death.  Each of those paths goes dark at about 7 or 8 o clock tomorrow morning.  Consider this my Final Statement.

To my ex-wife ██████, I am sorry.  I have never stopped loving you, and I deeply regret that I was wrenched away from you by my work.  But please try to understand that I had to do what I did to for the sake of all of us; even now, as I breathe my last breaths, I am doing what I am doing to try and keep you and everyone safe, even if nobody will ever really be able to tell you why.  If you kept that kid you were carrying when I left you, please tell him or her that I love them.

And to whatever Foundation Field Agent finds my body and this message, FUCK YOU.  YOUR WORK IS A LIE, AND [Remainder of document redacted]

</details>

**Closing Statement:** SCP-6338-D01[U] was discovered in its entirety at Sovetskaya Research Station on October 1, 2016, alongside SCP-6338 and the severely dessicated body of former Researcher Morris.  Document SCP-6338-D01[U] was found in digital form on a Samsung Galaxy S7 cell phone, which was placed on the floor adjacent to the body of Morris.  The files that make up SCP-6338-D01[U] were found in three subdirectories, entitled {{'DOUBLECLICK_LOG'}}, {{'DOUBLECLICK_RES'}} and {{'ILOVEYOU'}}.

The files of SCP-6338-D01[U] that are not presented here are held securely at Foundation Site KY-5, apart from parts 114 to 137 inclusive, which have been destroyed in the interests of Foundation security.

<< [SCP-6337](SCP-6337) | SCP-6338 | [SCP-6339](SCP-6339) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
