]

:root {

 --accentColor: 132, 112, 223;

}

**Author:** 

**Item #:** SCP-6581

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** To prevent civilian discovery, SCP-6581 has been restricted from diving access as a claimed military shipwreck. Flooding of SCP-6581's lower levels is prevented via an installed airlock over the entrance. In the event of intrusion by sea life or spontaneous activity by SCP-6581-1, it should be sealed until further notice. No explorations into the remaining sealed chamber are authorized at this time.

**Description:** SCP-6581 is a series of ruined stone structures approximately 0.06 square km in area, located on the sea floor at 6.94° N, 109.17 E°. While it displays a level of architecture expected from a developed agricultural civilization, its position and carbon dating suggest it was constructed more than 14,000 years ago during the last Ice Age, predating all known agriculture by several millennia.

The majority of SCP-6581 is exposed to seawater and displays erosion consistent with millennia underwater, but the lower levels of the largest structure were protected by a watertight door at discovery. An airlock was put in place to allow opening of the seal without flooding the interior, enabling study of artifacts and areas protected from water. SCP-6581's layout suggests it was built and used as a fortress. This is compounded by the presence of several bronze weapons, thaumaturgic wards throughout the main structure to reinforce walls and prevent other use of thaumaturgy, and the presence of SCP-6581-1 within the lower levels.

SCP-6581-1 is the collective designation for 143 humanoid automata made of iron and human bone. Each is approximately 160 cm tall and equipped with a bronze spear and a small wooden shield. SCP-6581-1 are capable of movement, but only do so in reaction to external stimuli, and return to their previous position once undisturbed. 121 instances stand in formation in a hall adjacent to an armory. Of the remaining 22 instances, 12 are stationed in pairs at various doorways and 10 are stationed in a hidden antechamber (see Addendum 6581.2).

**Addendum 6581.1**

Five murals within SCP-6581's lower levels remain well-preserved, and seemingly depict a series of connected events, although it is unclear whether they are a literal record or artistic interpretation. The below list is in (presumed) chronological order.

* A black-haired man in golden robes with a crown and a purple flame over his head, standing above a kneeling crowd. A shaft of sunlight illuminates the man. Four blue-robed figures stand in the background behind him, each wearing simpler crowns.

* The same man in golden robes but with white hair, standing before the four others in blue, who are now bareheaded. The golden-robed man is holding out a scepter. Each of the four has their hands raised as if to receive it.

* The four blue-robed figures dueling each other in pairs. The crown and scepter are floating in a vertical ray of light in the center of the image.

* On the left, a man in blue robes leading an army of vaguely skeletal figures, each with a spear and a tiny green flame above its head. The figure has a large green flame over his head. Facing him is a woman in blue, wearing the golden-robed man's crown and standing in a shaft of sunlight, leading an army of human figures. The other two blue-robed figures are absent.

The fifth mural is larger than the others, and located on a wall near the center of SCP-6581, separately from the others.

* On the left, the man in blue laying on the ground with a knife in his back. In the center, a figure in dirty brown with hands behind their back is kneeling at the feet of the crowned woman in blue. The crowned woman is holding a sword over her head.

**Addendum 6581.2**

Close examination of the fifth mural revealed a secret door in the center of the wall. The door leads to an antechamber containing 10 SCP-6581-1 instances standing in formation in front of a thaumaturgically-sealed door. The SCP-6581-1 instances react with violent hostility to any attempt to pass them or open the door. Notably, there is an inscription on the lintel in an unknown proto-Tai language. Despite this, all observers concur that the inscription translates to "THE DEAD SUFFER NO TRESPASS."

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6580](SCP-6580) | SCP-6581 | [SCP-6582](SCP-6582) >>

=====
