---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6214 is to be contained within a Standard Humanoid Containment Cell with:

(1) Writing Desk

(1) Diary with necessary writing materials

(1) Bookshelf with unrestricted books available upon request. 

Based on their long term good behaviour, SCP-6214 is granted one meal request a week and on special occasions.  Birthdays, Religious Holidays, Anniversaries  

**Description:** SCP-6214 is a human woman characterised by transparent skin Whilst the eyelids are affected, the eyes themselves remain unchanged., described as resembling ‘frosted glass.’ This abnormality primarily affects the skin; internal organs such as bones, the nervous system and the vascular system, are near-visible. Some organs are irregularly  transparent - most apparent are the bones towards the ends of the objects limbs, liver and segments of the digestive tract. Bodily hair has lost the majority of its pigmentation, but under bright lighting, or most observably via flash-photography, the hair develops as a pinkish hue.  In practice, this resembles the 'Red-eye effect'    

SCP-6214 was born Fatima Cel Tradat (10/11/1888), a former employee at the Foundation. The Object was worked within the *Research and Development Division* at Site-17 as head of ‘Helm of Hermes,' until exposed to anomalous elements while conduction tests for then emerging technology.  For further details, see report *Light Refraction: Function and Utility*  These elements were intended to reflect electromagnetic radiation to assist in securing energy-based anomalies, and concurrently develop new means of espionage. 

This exposure gradually rendered the Object’s skin transparent in an initial pattern consistent with vitiligo. 

The skin's transmutation began at the exposure site, the Object's left hand, and progressively spread. Later developments formed in new locations around the mouth, eyes and chest. Within three months the subject’s skin was completely transmuted. Subsequently, the object was contained for study and analysis. These biographical tests displayed that beyond its appearance, the Object was otherwise physiologically unremarkable to a human. 

SCP-6214's perspective of the incident was recounted in its diary:Note: Only entries necessary to profile and otherwise understand SCP-6214 are listed. For complete records, see SCP-6214/Item#2 Diary

<details>
<summary>+ View Diary Entry 1</summary>

> Evening Susie Susie is the name of SCP-6214's diary. It is speculated to be named after Susania Cel Tradat, SCP-6214's deceased sister., 

> 

> I’ve long considered myself an intellectual, and have enough recommendations to prove it in ink. Rarely am I wrong, and so today has unfortunately bruised my ego. The ‘Helm of Hermes’ was aiming to reveal all kinds of sciences, however, an unfortunate incident took place this afternoon. 

> 

> A new batch of [redacted] was refined, with additional reflective compounds, such as silver and aluminium. Its interior structure hinged on a half-decade of research, and disappointingly it all went up in smoke. By my calculations, it wasn’t my fault, but a misalignment of the photonic output by Dr. Susana. She sees herself as superior in intellect, but once I prove her hand in this error, she’ll be lucky to work at a desk! We at the Foundation seek to contain what goes against the laws of normalcy, to dissect and understand it so that it is removed! Ineptness in our field is unforgivable and worthy of discrimination.  

> 

> Regardless, the [redacted] began a translucency shift, far more seamlessly than ever before. It was wonderful to witness; seeing photons bend to mankind encompassed my every inhibition. Now, I was no longer a meagre mortal, for truly the Foundation had wrought something beautiful. Shortly after after, there was a vivid flash of every colour, as expected. Quite often, just before a translucency shift fails and snaps back to its initial state, the object is illuminated with every colour on the visible spectrum. However, unlike previous experiments, there was something more, a vivid flash of a colour that I failed to recognise. After the translucency shifts collapsed, I awoke to find myself stirring from up off the floor.  

> 

> My left hand was burning and upon inspection I felt sick. My fingertips and knuckles bore signs of skin-deep translucency. Karson reported that collections of photons dove directly into me. 	Never had this happened, no doubt until Susana came along. I was taken for a Medical Examination but there were no apparent signs of illness. I can scarcely see that's that case. They're releasing me in an hour with a week's enforced leave.  But why? With my hand like this? There must be a clear cause for my hand’s transformation. 

> 

> On my return, I’ll find the root of it, use whatever D-Class within reach to do so if I must.

</details>

Upon return from leave, the skin on SCP-6214's hand continued to shift into a translucent state. Within three weeks the majority of the skin around SCP-6214's hand had shifted into a transparent state. Then Site Director Michael Pra’vi relinquished SCP-6214 from their position on the project. SCP-6214 was transferred to the archival office.    

SCP-6214’s perspective of the incident are recounted in their diary:

<details>
<summary>+ View Diary Entry 2</summary>

> Evening Susie

> 

>I have been driven out of my office. This is a clearly the Foundation misunderstanding my condition. Of course, this can be rectified, and I merely need to continue my research. Others working with me make sporting glances in my direction, and refuse to aid me in combating this degradation! 

> 

> I am no more abnormal than one with albinism. Why avoid me like I am some creature of the night? To be frank, it is disturbing to see the inner workings of my hand, but it’s nothing gloves can fix. Besides, if I humour the rumour's of the O-5, it is nothing compared to them! 

> 

> Karson keeps me company, as always. He was always the heart between us, and it’s been put to good use on me. I found a lovely box of chocolates at my administrative desk. Some haggish woman was loitering near them when I left them unintended. I stored them away in my locker, for safety. Oh Susie, how I long for my old workspace.   

> 

> For now, I’ll be filing papers and all the dryness that comes with being a dusty archivist. This is a learning experience and one that will make a fine study once I regain my proper duties. 

> 

> P.S, I am tempted to note the medical staff of a slightly transparent spot growing at my waist. I’d tell Karson to see his opinion on the matter, but our new schedule leaves us with little time together. I’ll find the time when it feels appropriate.

</details>

SCP-6214 followed the protocols given to it. After a routine medical examination, SCP-6214 was eventually transferred to the Foundation Residential Community within Site-5. SCP-6214 initially protested this direction, until convinced by its then spouse Dr. Karson Dach. 

<details>
<summary>+ View Diary Entry 3</summary>

> Afternoon Susie

> 

> 

> So it begins; a new life within these suffocating, Foundation Residential Communities. Oh think of all the wonders to come! I always wanted to visit the fine corridors of this establishment.

> 

> I heard rumours the Foundation was looking to make their long-term communities more comfortable, and if this is what they’ve landed on, I am deeply concerned with their homely habits. There is no outside, just a vast car park with a coat of paint and a fluorescent sun. The food comes in packs! Little plastic packaging filled with flavoured paste. It's apparently ‘more nutritious’ than the flavours they mimic, but I’d rather a real chicken than some tactless counterfeit. 

> 

> Karson kept his position, having crawled up to head of ‘Helm of Hermes,’ despite his obvious superiority complex. How he managed to sweet-talk into such an envious position is beyond me. At least he took command of my project. Karson tells me the project is running smoothly, despite my absance, but I honestly struggle to fathom his incredulous words. 

> 

> At least he has a kind nature. My sweetheart is attempting to make something of our move, setting a fine dining table with our Foundation branded utensils and foodstuff. He has told me to go into our bedroom - he's planning some treats for this evening. There's some gift basket he received after his promotion he thinks I don't know about. Not that I’ll tell. It would be nice to have some wine to was down the foodpaste.

</details>

The following entry was presumably written shortly after the previous entry. The handwriting is notably careless compared to previous entries and the page is marked with violent pen markings which have torn segments of the page. 

<details>
<summary>+ View Diary Entry 4</summary>

> He stared at me! Just stared! It is as if I am a freak! I may look sicky, but I am not some creature from the containment logs.  Truly, it is they who are the freaks! Who dares to stare at an ailing person! I have been reduced to holding off bathing, unless I 'd  like to see my insides squirm within ever revealing belly! Karson dares to stare at me when I can not dare to do so myself. 

> 

> He left our room when he considered himself in the victory of our spat. My condition is to be ‘demanding on his eyes.’ If that is how he feels, then to hell with him.

</details>

The state of SCP-6214’s condition was reported by Dr. Karson Dach. After considering the state of SCP-6214 then Site Director Moran Vandolin registered SCP-6214 for official object classification. 

The process was officialised after no evidence emerged that SCP-6214 would return to a nominal state.  

> Interview Log 001:  

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Karson Dach

> **Interviewee:** SCP-6214

> 

> SCP-6214 [had been] in containment for approximately 24 hours (as of 12/6/1924). SCP-6214 [was] seated within Debrief Room 11-2 unrestrained. One armed guard [was] stationed behind the subject. Dr. Karson Dach requested to interview and debrief SCP-6214. 

> 

> Justification was given: "[SCP-6214] will feel more accustomed into containment with the aid of a person [the object] trusts, such as myself. I know that this is an unorthodox procedure, but it will make our future with [SCP-6214] efficient and clean."

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

>

> [SCP-6214 is sitting at a desk]

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Karson, I am glad to see you...have you debriefing me, as such.

> 

> [SCP-6214 rises to their feet]

> 

>**SCP-6214:** Perhaps you can speak with the Director and…?

>

> **Dr.Dach:** SCP-6214, I’m here, as you will be aware, to debrief you. Discuss your status and all the formalities you'd be accustomed to and... Sorry for all this decorum. You know what this is. 

> 

> **SCP-6214:** SCP-62-? Oh you utter... Karson! Why aren’t you fighting this? Surely you see, I can’t be contained. I am not...I can not...be something to be locked away. It's not moral! I’m am-

> 

> **Dr.Dach:** Normal? Typical? The powers-that-be took a chance on you, let your incident slide, waited to see if you'll improve but...I am sorry Fatima, but look at you.

> 

> [SCP-6214 stops briefly to examine their hands, then turns back]

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Sorry won't free me from containment. I am a scientist! First in my class, with the degrees to provide. We can deduce a cause, cure me. Uncover new, unveiled secrets! 

> 

> **Dr.Dach**: It is our sovereign duty to understand the abnormal, including condition. In containment, we have a neutral ground to observe the mechanisms of your condition. I sincerely do pity you, however recall that we’re united towards a greater cause, Fatima! 

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Then let me serve that cause! Karson, please, what are you saying?

> 

> **Dr.Dach:** I’m saying that...that yes, you are still serving that cause. Uniquely seated, I might say.

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Don’t get clever with me Karson. Some scientist you are. You fell sick gazing at his sick wife. Is human anatomy that abhorred to a biologist? 

> 

> **Dr.Dach:** What sensible spouse couldn't!? You're starting to resemble the living dead. 

>

> [Dr.Dach theatrically slaps his forehead] 

>

> **Dr.Dach:** Wait, that's right. I ‘lack the senses.’ 

> 

> **SCP-6214** How did you? Oh to hell with it. Karson, please, over such a minor comment, you cannot, genuinely fathom...

> 

> **Dr.Dach:** You are endless with your minor comments. Let's speak again soon, SCP-6214

> 

> [END LOG]

Dr. Dach was barred from interacting with SCP-6214 in any official capacity following this initial briefing. SCP-6214 became verbally confrontational towards Foundation Employees during communication, continually protesting its rights and citing ''it could have been you," to multiple personnel. The object was formally classified by their Containment Specialist Dr. Louisa Guzmán. 

> Interview Log 003:  

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Louisa Guzmán

> **Interviewee:** SCP-6214

> 

> Dr. Guzmán intends to understand the mental state of SCP-6214 and their perspective of their condition. There is an armed guard in the room.  

> 

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** How are you this evening? 

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Bored. Tired. I want dinner, and then I want to sleep. 

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** Then we’ll hurry along and get through this together. Are you comfortable?

> 

> **SCP-6214:** [Laughs] Comfortable enough, Louisa. 

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** Now, firstly your skin condition. From our observations it generally spreads across an affected area. On a rare occasion, new areas detached from the currently affected area appear. 

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Such as my eyes. I look so tired, with these transparent bags.   

> 

> [Dr.Guzmán ignores the statement, instead making notes as she seaks] 

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** Is there any sensation caused by your skin’s transmutation?

> 

> **SCP-6214:** At times, I almost feel my skin go 'wrong.' I cannot describe it, but I am unsure how legitimate this is. Like a force, or phantom numbness. 

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** You feel that this sensation is just trickery of the mind? 

> 

> [SCP-6214 shrugs] 

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** Has Karson visited at all? 

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Pardon? 

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** I apologize for being so forward. As your...

> 

> [Dr. Guzmán hesitates, and places her notepad aside]  

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** As your containment specialist, and former colleague, I’m in a unique position. You aren’t some cursed textbook or flesh-eating doll.. 

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Then why am I here? I was under the impression that I'm am sick, and yet like something from P. T. Barnum, I’m out on display. ''Look at this freak'', ''look at her and how her insides gleam for all to see.''

>

>[SCP-6214 lifts up its shirt and spins around showing its bare torso - large regions of the stomach have transmuted]  

> 

> [The Armed Guard goes to apprehend SCP-6214, however, Dr. Guzmán gestures him to go back into positioned. SCP-6214 ends its display]

>   

> **Dr. Guzmán:** You are a human with a condition we are trying to understand. Your husband is still working on the materiel that altered you, and if they understand a method to remove the effects of a translucency shift, then we have a method to cure you. 

> 

> **SCP-6214:** So perhaps I can return to normal? My position, even? 

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** I won’t give you false hope. There is little I can guarantee. Now, as the containment specialist of one who is human, regardless of what others might suggest, I see no reason to treat you like a leper, or like D-Class. 

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Will I be placed into an ordinary room?  

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** Fatima, uh SCP-6214. That is, unfortunately, beyond my powers, but I am going to ask what we can do to make your life comfortable? 

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Books, and-and my diary. It was in my quarters last I recall. 

> 

> **Dr. Guzmán:** I’ll have that arranged. Although I must stipulate, this is a courtesy, and as you should know, we aren’t a hotel. There's plenty of protocol around this. You are still classified as an SCP, and there are still procedures we must adhere to. 

> 

> **SCP-6214:** Fine, Louisa. Fine. 

>

> [END LOG]

SCP-6214 agreed to cooperate on the grounds of a reward system. Meetings, dressed as both formal and informal, continued between Dr. Guzmán. (See SCP-6214 Interview Folder) SCP-6214 continued to write in its diary daily. Dr. Karson Datch visited SCP-6214 5 times in the 12 months the Object had been in Foundation containment. As of 15/6/1925 Dr. Karson Datch and SCP-6214 are divorced.  

<details>
<summary>+ View Diary Entry 5</summary>

> Morning Susie,

> 

> I have been as well. As I was yesterday and yester-yesterday. There was little to report, other than a lovely chat with Doctor Burman. He is a fan of the Helm of Hermes project, not scared of ending like me it seems. And I suppose if you are interested in that project, then you are interested in me. Supposedly, it has been shelved for the time being, with the technology not being ready. I am ignorant as to why *they’d* do such a thing. I am ill, and my flesh continues its endless transformation into something monstrous. Have they abandoned me?

> 

> Oh, and it would have been *delightful* to know that the technology ‘wasn’t there yet.’ Perhaps should have known what would happen after I flicked the switch on that faithless day. Lord above! 

>

>I suppose you make do.  Louisa has not visited me for some time. According to Giles, she is busy with new promotions. Giles will be taking over her position as my ‘zookeeper.’ Karson has yet to visit since last month. He feels so eager to apologise, but I still remember what he did.

</details>

SCP-6214 condition spread to the majority of its body; bones became visible in extraneous limbs, and notably its ribcage. SCP-6214 expressed and showed signs of distress from its condition. However, after some time, the Object appeared to grow contempt with whatever change had passed. 

<details>
<summary>+ View Diary Entry 6</summary>

> My flesh is continuing to change. I can see my damn skull in the mirror! I stare into my reflection and see what looks to be a corpse! Yet - and I find this most distressing - I’m growing contempt with what I see! I now find peace in analysing the new intricacies unveiled inside myself. I'm a living anatomical guide. I should have become a teacher in some biological vocation. Then came the legs and at first I hated them too. But, like my hands, I grew to know them as my own flesh. Well, it always was my flesh. I wonder, when I have reacquainted with every inch of my form, what then? To be frank, in the bloom of my chamber, it seems that my changing body is the sole sign of progress.

> 

> Yes, there are visitors, but scant shifts in routine. I could once sit and wait, be poked and prodded, but now with no lingering desire to find the cause of my condition, the Foundation has packed me away to gather dust. Just another Object in containment. Not worth any personability. I suppose I lacked that to begin with.

</details>

**Addendum 1:** SCP-6214 has become passive to Foundation authority and shows no developing abnormalities aside from its currently known skin condition. As of 01/01/1946, SCP-6214 has been permitted visits to the Foundation Garden at their request; this is a bonus from their previous agreement based upon their long-term good behaviour. SCP-6214 must be accompanied by an armed guard in the event SCP-6214 attempts an escape, however in the 22 years they have been in containment, they have followed Foundation policies.

<details>
<summary>+ View Diary Entry 7</summary>

> Dear Susie, 

> 

> Karson visited me this afternoon. He has a child now, a little boy named Toby. Names a little too bland for my tastes, but he isn’t mine so nevermind. Toby takes after Susana’s looks I'd say. He has those same, big eyes. He’s cute I imagine, but all I can imagine is the smell of him. Your Daughter was a foul little thing, wasn’t she? Always finding something horrid to shove into her mouth whenever she gave up on sucking her toes. 

> 

> I wonder how she is. I wonder how Mr. Susie is. I couldn’t stand him, seeing someone as bright as you with an artist. Such a drab profession! How you could stand hearing conversions about pastels and acrylics is beyond me.  But I suppose he made you happy.

> 

> Susanna asked if I was well, through Karson, of course. Poor thing likely still has nightmares about me. I was rather harsh, but still, a lack of perceptions leads to terrible accidents. I know that better than most thanks to my very own miscalculations!  I knew little about motherhood, but it’s obvious to me that any parent needs considerable focus and attention. A useful education, so God help the boy if he follows the father. 

> 

> In other news, the Night-blooming cereus should begin to flower anytime now. I will talk with you tomorrow Susie.

</details>

**Addendum 2:** On 25/06/1969, SCP-6214 died from age-related ailments at the age of 81 shortly after viewing the Apollo Landing at 1 AM UCT. The Object has been reclassified from ‘Safe’ to ‘Neutralized.’ 

SCP-6214  wrote a final note, which has been included to preserve the final words of SCP-6214 by the request of the now-retired Director Louisa Guzmán. 

<details>
<summary>+ View Diary Entry 8</summary>

> What a day, Susie

> 

> I’d once thought it strange, really something make-believe, that humankind might step onto the Moon. I had worked in a field of strange abnormalities, and strange to frame such an achievement. Even now, as I write notes with transparent hands, that sight of us meagre folk on the moon; it’s a grim delight to witness. The old containment team brought in a television set for me to watch history.  

>  

> Such wonders as this that leads hope to a fantastic future, perhaps one not burdened by concerns of abnormality. If we are in a world where mankind walking across a cosmic surface is normal, then surely we are entering a wonderfully, strange, new age.

</details>

Dr. Karson Datch, retired, has requested that SCP-6214 be buried in the Foundation Memorial. After reanalysing SCP-6214's corpse, finding nothing of concern, this request has been **granted**

<< [SCP-6213](SCP-6213) | SCP-6214 | [SCP-6215](SCP-6215) >>

=====

> **Filename:** SCP-6214_Export.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6214)

=====
