**Item #:** SCP-6813

**Threat Level:** Orange ●

**Object Class:** Potentially Neutralized [See Incident 6813]

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6813 is currently uncontained. Several field agents are to be placed around Germany and Russia and be on the lookout for any report of tank sightings. Any witnesses are to be apprehended and administered Class-A amnestics and then released. 

**Description:** SCP-6813 is a spectral entity taking the appearance of a German Panzer VI Tiger. SCP-6813 sports several burn marks on various places of the chassis as well as the turret along with several holes located in various places, most likely obtained during fighting.

SCP-6813 is capable of materializing in various places and despite having no visible crew, SCP-6813 is fully operational for a tank of its model. It was discovered that SCP-6813 is unable to manifest itself in the direct line of sight of human beings.

German records found after World War 2 indicate that SCP-6813 was built during 1943 and pressed into service in 1944 as the Panzerbefehlswagen Tiger (P) 003. Surviving records list the commander as Hauptmann Grillenberg.

**Addendum 6813-1:** The following is the recording of an interview made in 1948, Colonel Pavel working as a Foundation agent for the Russian branch interviewed Corporal Vladimir Brisvyak who came in contact with SCP-6813 several times between 1944 and 1945.

<details>
<summary>Interview Log</summary>

> [Start Log]

> 

> **Colonel Pavel:** Comrade Brisvyak, thank you for taking some time to answer some of my questions regarding the encounter you mentioned in your last report. For the record, do you mind repeating your report ?

> 

> **Corporal Brisvyak:** Of course, Colonel. In 1944, we ambushed a tank, one of those 'famous' tigers. We found it all on its own and we figured it was cut off from the rest of its troop, since our tanks were taking over pretty fast at that point. Anyway, we engaged it - eventually, the tank caught on fire all on its own after trying to retreat. Some of its crew bailed out but they were taken down by machine gun fire...

> A friend of mine was in charge of our armored platoon that day *[pauses]* Dimitri Markov, he ordered everyone to keep firing on it, not taking any chances. When we were done it could barely be recognised as a tank, I hopped out of my T-34 to check for survivors, you can never be too sure you know.

> 

> *[Clears throat]*

> 

> The fire had been put out, most likely by the crew as a last effort to save themselves.  When I opened the hatch, I almost puked on the spot, the interior was filled with bits of flesh, what struck me the most was two bodies in particular sitting in the back of the turret, they were heavily mangled but still recognisably human, locked in each others arms... One of the bodies was still alive and looked directly at me... *[pauses]* ..I-I am sorry Colonel, I just need a minute...

> 

> **Colonel Pavel:** Go ahead, don't worry.

> 

> **Corporal Brisvyak:** Out of shock I fell backward off of the tank, I was lucky as the tank bursted into flame once again a few seconds later. 

> The following day, me and a bunch of tankers went back to the tank’s location to gather extra metal pieces we could weld onto the front of a T-34. When we got there the tank and the bodies disappeared, leaving only a large portion of the surrounding area burnt...

> 

> **Colonel Pavel:** And it is after this day that you reported stories of a...*noises of paper shuffling* "ghost german tank"?

> 

> **Corporal Brisvyak:**  Yes Colonel, I encountered it again in 1945, shortly after battling my way through Seelow Heights to enter the outskirts of Berlin. It was at the outskirts of a forest, looking in my direction before reversing out of view into the forest. Although it was at a distance, I couldn’t help but notice its appearance, it looked charred, and smoking as if still burning since that time! I became paranoid for several days as I kept seeing it in the distance several times everyday.

> 

> **Colonel Pavel:** Did you encounter the tank again after you reached Berlin?

> 

> **Corporal Brisvyak:** Yes I did. We were advancing with around fifteen men and two tanks down a street, I was at the front guiding the tanks to avoid debris and possible mines, we encountered little german resistance until... *Ahem* u-until it bursted through a building to our right... All I remember are the screaming of surprise from the men and the explosion of the tank behind me. The force of the explosion behind me pushed me forward and I hit something, when I woke up everyone was either dead or fleeing, both of the tanks were now burning coffins. I.. *sigh* oh god Markov, he was exiting his burning IS-2.. the last I saw of him was him going back inside trying to save the others.. I-I'm sorry Colonel... 

> 

> **Colonel Pavel:** It's nothing Corporal, take a minute to compose yourself.

>  

> **Corporal Brisvyak:** It's just..I don't think you'll believe the rest of the story. I myself still question what I witnessed.

> 

> **Colonel Pavel:** I've been around long enough that I am rarely surprised by what life throws at me.

> 

> **Corporal Brisvyak:** R-right *ahem* once my senses came back to me, the thing was right in front of me, barrel pointed in my direction. When I looked at it, all sounds around me were muffled as I could only hear screaming and gun-fire emanating from within the tank. There was a distinct voice among the screaming, all it did was repeat the word "Why". After a few minutes in my daze I started to make out the burning IS-2 that Markov was commanding, I heard a voice emating from the thing behind me before two shots echoed, the rest is a blur to me. When I woke up, allied soldiers were checking for survivors and treating my wounds, I was later told my skull had caved in a bit because of the impact on the rubble. Markov and his tank were nowhere to be found.. 

> *[Clears throat]* I've been thinking all this time, why it decided to latch onto me...*[pauses]*...I don't know...*[pauses]*...maybe it feels that I am the one responsible ? 

> 

> **Colonel Pavel:** Mmh, After this encounter and the end of the war, did you see it again ? 

> 

> **Corporal Brisvyak:** I-I am...not really sure. Sometimes when I am alone outside I feel a presence watching, when this happens I frantically look to find what it is but find nothing. Friends of mine said it's possibly signs of PTSD.. 

> 

> **Colonel Pavel:** I think I got enough information, thank you Corporal. I have to say it is quite the strange story, but I'm used to the weirdness of this world. A guard will escort you out soon.

> 

> **Corporal Brisvyak:** T-Thank you Colonel, but may I ask why are you interested in me and that...thing ?

> 

> **Colonel Pavel:** Do not worry Corporal, we are just exploring any leads to possible fascist creations. They had the nasty habit of making all sorts of weird [weapons](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-044 ) out of desperation.

> 

> [End of Log]

</details>

**Incident 6813:** 

In April 1950, Colonel Pavel received a letter from Corporal Brisvyak informing him of the reappearance of SCP-6813:

Dear Colonel Pavel

I'm sorry to contact you this way as I know you prefer more face to face conversations.

A few days ago, I encountered it again. It was in the middle of a fucking alley, disappeared soon after. I'm sorry Colonel but I've had enough, countless nights waking up in terror because I keep hearing it, eating away at my mind. Now no more, I found a way to lure it out, I'll just burn the fucking thing, just like 6 years ago!

This'll be the last time we'll communicate Colonel, thank you for believing in me.

Sincerely.

                                           Vladimir Brisvyak

3 weeks later, a forest fire erupted near ██████, Poland. After the fire was put out, a single casualty later identified as Corporal Vladimir Brisvyak was discovered. It is unknown if the fire was started by Corporal Brisvyak or SCP-6813. It was discovered that the fire was located █ kilometers from where SCP-6813 was destroyed. 

Photos taken by Foundation satellites later confirmed the presence of SCP-6813 in the center of the fire. Foundation firefighters were sent on site to contain the fire and SCP-6813. Once the fire was extinguished, SCP-6813 had disappeared, no further reappearances of SCP-6813 have been recorded since.  

<< [SCP-6812](SCP-6812) | SCP-6813 | [SCP-6814](SCP-6814) >>
