[Want more?](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-moto-s-center-for-odd-occurrences)

**Item #:** SCP-6932

**Object Class:** Keter

**Containment Procedures:** SCP-6932 is currently uncontained. Containment procedures are pending and awaiting approval from the Overseer council.

**Description:** SCP-6932 is a man of Asian descent appearing to be 50-60 years of age, though supplemental material suggests that it is much olderSee Addendum 6932-4.. Despite its apparent age, witnesses have reported it to be in exceptional physical condition due to its frequent use of martial arts. 

SCP-6932 possesses the ability to control a pocket dimension that has a variable temporality much faster than normal. This effect has been known to cause anywhere from 24 hours to six months to pass inside while no more than an hour has actually passed. It is currently uncertain if SCP-6932 has the ability to control this effect consciously or if the entity has any control at all. It has been noted that living subjects inside the dimension cease aging despite seemingly spending months inside. This effect ceases once a subject leaves the pocket dimension and may be subconsciously controlled by SCP-6932Supplemental material supports this theory, though the exact cause is unknown..

The pocket dimension usually appeared to be a dojo sharing traits commonly found during Japan's Heian periodMost notably from 1000 CE to 1100 CE.. After 10/05/2025, the dojo was noted to have shifted to resemble those common from 1950 CE to 1970 CE Japan. Two items remain between the versions: A large pond surrounded by *Prunus serrulata*Japanese blossoming cherry tree is found near the structure, as well as a single human corpse that shows no signs of decomposition. 

SCP-6932 claims to possess knowledge of over one hundred different martial artsThough this cannot be verified, it has been confirmed to use seven different styles.. Civilian witnesses claim SCP-6932 uses this knowledge to teach others, although it was stated that SCP-6932 would only teach those who are homeless or orphaned. It is unknown why SCP-6932 follows these criteria. 

**Discovery:** SCP-6932 was discovered on 07/23/2025 by Agent Marcos Halo during his investigation into a then-unknown anomalous presence that had been appearing near an orphanage in a rundown suburb in Ohio.

Agent Halo was observing a street camera recording when he noted a group of three childrenBetween six to eight years of age. seeming to appear from thin air. The children were tracked to a nearby orphanage, where Agent Halo interviewed the trio. While the children were unable to give Agent Halo much helpful information, Agent Halo was able to confirm anomalous activity. 

Agent Halo returned to the location where the children were sighted, appearing to find an older man sitting on a nearby bench reading a worn journal. Upon questioning, the subject inquired as to Agent Halo's familyAgent Halo was orphaned at the age of three., ignoring any attempts from Agent Halo to collect information.  Agent Halo answered the subject's questions, which resulted in an offer to give Agent Halo a lesson in martial arts. Agent Halo agreed, turning on a small voice recording device. 

<details>
<summary>Open Voice Log Transcript</summary>

**Interviewed:** SCP-6932

**Interviewer:** Agent Marcos Halo

**Foreword:** The following recording was heavily garbled and had to be reconstructed. Heavy breathing can be heard throughout the recording. 

**<Begin Log>**

**Halo:** Wait, where are we going? There's nothing here? ...mean I just have to trust you?

**SCP-6932:** Follow. Into my home, we shall go.

**Halo:** Whoa... How'd you do that? ... This is your home? There was nothing here when we were on the street?

**SCP-6932:** Yes. Come, I shall teach. 

**Halo:** You know a lot about martial arts, right? How many styles do you know?

**SCP-6932:** Most of them. I am sure I have missed some.

**Halo:** Why are you staring at me like that?

**SCP-6932:** Icho-RyuA martial art often taught to law enforcement..

**Halo:** What?

**SCP-6932:** I shall teach Icho-Ryu. 

**Halo:** Oh, um... Alright.

**SCP-6932:** Watch, then copy.

*<Fifteen minutes have been removed as the recording could not be transcribed.>* 

**SCP-6932:** You learn quickly.

**Halo:** Thanks? Hey, can you tell me how your abilities work?

**SCP-6932:** I will not. Continue. 

*<Ten minutes pass before Agent Halo continues the conversation.>*

**Halo:** If you know all these martial arts, you've got to be pretty long-lived, yeah?

**SCP-6932:** Focus.

**Halo:** Like this?

**SCP-6932:** Yes. Good. 

*<Several minutes pass before either speaks again.>*

**Halo:** Are you sure this is right? It feels awkward. 

**SCP-6932:** Yes. Continue. 

*<Three minutes of silence>*

**Halo:** You're pretty good at this teaching thing. You've done this before?

**SCP-6932:** Yes. For many years. Again. 

**Halo:** You seemed sad. May I ask why?

**SCP-6932:** No.

**Halo:** Does it have something to do with the painting of the girl over there? She's pretty.

*<SCP-6932 sounds notably more sullen.>*

**SCP-6932:** Return to your training.

**Halo:** Alright. Sorry, I asked.

*<Twenty-seven minutes pass in silence.>* 

**SCP-6932:** That will be enough for today. You may return tomorrow. 

**Halo:** Are you sure? You seemed rather depressed. I thought my questions were hurtful. 

**SCP-6932:** It is not your fault. You are a Hunter. It is what you do. 

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:** SCP-6932 vanished after its statement. Agent Halo searched the dojo, coming across the journal the subject had previously read. He flipped through it, only to find it written in an ancient Japanese dialect. It was retrieved for translation.

</details>

Upon exiting the dojo, Agent Halo checked his phone, intending to check in, only to find that eighteen minutes had passedHalo insists that he had been inside for nearly six hours and had even checked the time before he left the dimension.. It was determined that Agent Halo would continue with the lessons in order to gain more information on SCP-6932.  

**Addendum 6932-1:** On 08/30/2025, a previously unknown entity broke out of a previously sealed cave in Mount Upepesanke, Hokkaido, Japan. It is thought that the seismic activity in the area facilitated its release. Foundation Agents planted in the area reported the entity immediately heading for a small shack near the mountain's base, destroying it instantly. The entity then began heading toward civilization at a rapid paceThere was no way to measure its velocity at the time accurately..

Civilian witnesses reported a horned humanoid around three meters in height with notably sharp teeth and claws entering the town of Kamishihoro. The entity was noted to look around as it walked, seemingly with an oddly hungry expression.

One of the three survivors reported watching as something appearing to be a thick, translucent goop was pulled out of a man who the creature had approached. The man fell to the ground moments later, deceased. The goop was seen to float into the entity's mouth before vanishing. The entity then went up to any living creature it could find while performing the same actions. 

The loss of the town was covered up as casualties of the eruption of Mount Upepesanke as it entered an active phase.

**Addendum 6932-2:** On 09/03/2025, after the loss of three more townsShihoro, Otofuke, and Obihiro., Foundation Agents in the area located old documents regarding the entity. The documents were taken for translation, as they were written in an ancient Japanese dialect that had died out around 1200 CE.

Upon translation, it was learned that the creature was first encountered by the former group of interest, 'The YokaiAn antiquated Japanese term for spirits, demons, or other supernatural entities. Hunters.' The page detailed a man that was only referred to as 'Sensei' who was able to seal the creature away, though the method was not recorded. The creature itself was recorded as O-49Henceforth, the entity will be labeled as such.

Although the document claimed that 'Sensei' had disappeared, it noted that 'Sensei' was thought to be immortal. Efforts to locate 'Sensei' have begun, as all attempts to stop O-49 have been met with failure.

**Addendum 6932-3:** 09/06/2025. The journal found in possession of SCP-6932 was translated, and a final copy was uploadedSee Addendum 6932-4.. With the information gained from the journal, it was discovered that the Foundation was searching for SCP-6932. Agent Halo was instructed to gain the subject's cooperation by any means. 

According to the report later filed by Agent Halo, gaining the subject's cooperation proved more straightforward than anticipated. Agent Halo inquired whether the subject knew of O-49, briefly describing its abilities. Upon hearing the information, SCP-6932 reportedly froze with a grief-stricken expression before asking if Halo was certain. Upon receiving confirmation, SCP-6932 appeared conflicted. 

SCP-6932 agreed to assist the Foundation in its endeavor, stating that it would return to its home once O-49 was taken care of. SCP-6932 then explained that O-49 was almost certainly heading towards Cape Erimo, Japan, explaining that it was a location important to O-49, but refused to elaborate. 

SCP-6932 agreed to teach the ritual to seal O-49 to a group of Foundation operatives. Twelve MTF agents were pulled from various squads in order to learn the ritual. It was noted that time inside the dojo accelerated to the pace of six months per hour during the training. 

Agent Halo was present for the trainingThe only requirement given by SCP-6932 for its knowledge., taking note of everything for later documentation. SCP-6932 explained that the ritual was one of its creation, relying heavily on martial arts. The subject then spent time demonstrating, appearing to move in a manner reminiscent of several ancient martial arts and chanting a phrase in Japanese. 

When translated, it was: "Begone, child of hell. Your wickedness shall never take another. May the blood you have spilled be your chains, the lives you took, your tormentors." SCP-6932 noted that while it would 'banish' creatures similar to O-49, it was only capable of sealing O-49 away. SCP-6932 was uncertain of how to terminate O-49 outright. 

**Addendum 6932-4:** The following is the journal from SCP-6932. It was written by a child named Katsuyori. The writer and SCP-6932 are closely tied to a former group of interest called 'The Yokai Hunters.' The group is thought to have disbanded around 1100 CE, though the Foundation has little information regarding the group.

<details>
<summary>Open Journal</summary>

> Writing's really fun! It's hard, but that's alright! Maybe I can get Sensei to teach me more? He's been super nice since we met. I've been fed and warm since I got here. I haven't even been scared!

> 

> Not like with the Yokai. Mama, Papa… So red. My trembling wouldn't stop. Silence. The nights spent alone. So cold. Stomach growling.  

> Papa! No! He wants to be called Sensei! Papa started teaching me to fight! He made up the stuff he's teaching me. Papa called it Jujutsu. The other students are weird, though. They talk about Yokai with those happy faces. Why? Yokai and their magicks are scary. Have they not met a Yokai?

> 

> I think someone called Papa a Yokai. That's impossible. Papa's nice! Not at all like the mean Yokai! They believe he has dark magick or something. At least, I think. I overheard someone say that Papa doesn't age? That can't be true. No more than their other lies! Like when they say Papa controls magick to another world! All lies! Only Yokai can use magick. Papa's not a Yokai!

> Papa got some visitors today… I watched them come in. A man with black bird wings asked me to get Papa. I froze, shaking. It was in front of me. I was going to turn red.

> 

> I was grabbed then. Papa held me for a few minutes while I calmed down. Papa felt safe. Nothing could happen with him around. I looked over at the group while Papa spoke to them. He called them "the damned council." Whatever that means. He didn't seem to be happy. I don't blame him.

> 

> The bird man was just the first. There was a pretty lady with frost coming off her. And a man with fluffy round ears and a tail. A lady with fox ears and three tails was behind them. And there was a child with a weird leaf hat and webbed fingers. The way they looked at me sent a chill down my spine.

> 

> Weirdly, those Yokai go by colors. Well, that's what Papa called them anyway. He called the bird man KuroBlack.. Then he told them off for scaring me. I almost laughed at that.

> I couldn't sleep last night because of the night terrors. Those Yokai scare me. Papa found me when he came to check on me. Papa made some tea and told me a story to try to calm me down.

> 

> Years ago, a great war was fought among the Yokai. Many villages were destroyed, and many lives were lost. In one particular village visited by this war lived a small boy. He wasn't even old enough for his wings to carry him, yet he knew what was happening as his home was burned to the ground.

> 

> The boy watched as the soldiers razed the village, killing everyone in their path. The soldiers even came across the boy, beating him harshly before locking him inside his burning home to die. Though the boy was in pain and could hardly breathe through the smoke, he managed to find a small hole burned into the wall that he could escape through.

> 

> After escaping the village, the boy managed to find himself lost. He wandered until his legs gave out, and his injuries caught up with him. Burns seared into his skin, and ribs cracked, making everything harder for him. He ended up passing out where he fell.

> 

> When the boy awoke, he found his wounds being tended to and a friendly smile greeting him. When he recognized the person as human, the boy grew scared. His parents had always told him that humans were dangerous, that they would kill him without a second thought just for being different than them. He ripped himself away from his perceived enemy and attempted to rush off before collapsing.

> 

> The boy spent months recovering, growing less scared of his rescuers with each passing day. They treated him better than most Yokai, and he was even offered a place in their home. As the boy grew, he recognized that humans had been much kinder than any Yokai he had met.

> 

> It was told that when the boy finally reached adulthood, he realized how terrible most of the Yokai he found were. He decided to change this and began hunting down the worse of the Yokai. Though no one knows what happened to him, many are convinced he's still out there. 

> The other students have been bugging me a lot more recently. I keep getting these weird looks, too. Like that time, I was asked how I learned so fast. I don't know what they mean. I'm still small, but I've been learning for a long time. Almost since Papa took me in. That's not the only weird thing they've asked about, but I think they're strange for going to find Yokai, so it's okay.

> Kuro visited again today, though Papa told me this time. Only Kuro had a big box and gave it to Papa. I couldn't see what was in it, but Papa seemed annoyed. Kuro only said that it was a few more magick items they had found and that the safest place for them was within Papa's magick. Papa doesn't use magick, though! Only Yokai!

> Papa sat me down after my lessons today. I had never seen him so serious before. I almost thought he was going to tell me to leave. I wasn't expecting him to ask me about the Hunters. He wanted to know what I knew of them. All I know about them is that they're weird people who seek out Yokai.

> 

> I guess they want to recruit me eventually. Papa wasn't happy about it, not with the scowl. He's been quite clear that he doesn't like their methods. But Papa wanted to ensure that I knew I would be allowed to make my own choices when I got older. But why would I want to join them?

> Father uses magick. I thought I was seventeen, but that wasn't true after leaving the dojo for the first time. Apparently, I should be thirty-six. It's insane; why would I believe them? Well, Father confirmed it. He was more than willing to explain that the dojo itself was his magick. Yet he wouldn't tell me his limits. 

> 

> I found that odd, even though he was willing to explain everything else. I guess he wants to keep his secrets. That's fine; it's just… I don't know how I feel right now. Did he keep this from me because he knows my fears? Was he ever going to tell me? Had I not found out like this, would I have ever known? Would I have ever known that Father is a Yokai?

> 

> That doesn't feel right. Father may have magick, that's true, but he's not a Yokai. Yokai are cruel. Yokai are uncaring. They wouldn't take a child off the street and give them a loving home. So what does that make Father?

> I can understand why Father doesn't like the Hunters. They're supposed to protect people. But what I saw… That mission…

> 

> Small children, Yokai children, but still children, running about. Their parents watched happily, unaware of the danger they faced. My squad leader gave the order. Screams started as the ground began to stain with Yokai blood. The stench of smoke and burning flesh filled the air.

> 

> Something odd welled in me then. I felt… Pity? For the creatures that I've been so scared of my whole life? The creatures just trying to live their lives the same as any human? This… This makes no sense. What am I supposed to do with these conflicting emotions? I'm not sure I can do this anymore.

> That scene keeps playing in my head. It won't leave me alone. The helplessness of the Yokai and the brutality of the Hunters. It's the only thing I've been thinking about. I know now that I must do something to stop this needless slaughter. I think I've finally come up with a solution.

> 

> I will talk with Kuro when he stops by next week. I'm sure I can snag a moment with him during his monthly inspections of the Hunter's training under Father. I'm still uncomfortable with him, but the man is my only option. I'm going to ask him to let me start investigating Yokai. Maybe, just maybe, it'll help stop the needless slaughter of innocents. I can't figure out why I feel so strongly about this, but I know that something must change.

> The village we visited was happy to see us, even though they were Yokai. They gave me a magick tanto as a sign of goodwill. I want to keep it as it seems to be a good blade.

> 

> Kuro was particularly interested in the tanto I was given. He seemed more than a little interested in its magick. Kuro asked that I give the weapon up for safekeeping. I wasn't sure I wanted to do that. It was mine, after all.

> 

> But there was something about his fixation with it. Kuro explained that he just wanted to keep any magick items safe and out of the wrong hands. There was something else there, though. I just wish I could figure it out.

> 

> In the end, we came to an agreement. I let Kuro have the weapon, but I'm still allowed to use it if I feel my missions will be dangerous. Kuro handed it over to Father, and I got to watch Father hide it away with his magick.

> 

> Kuro told me to give Father any more magick items I found for safe keeping.

> We've been learning a lot about the Yokai we've encountered. I keep finding myself surprised. The Yokai seemed friendly in the last tiny village we ended up in. We were invited in, and they were more than willing to tell us about themselves. Not all Yokai are evil, uncaring creatures. Many are like Father, simply living their lives.

> When we returned from our latest mission, I saw some new people in the dojo. They were doing something with several magick items.

> 

> Did Kuro have them trying to figure out what they do? Well, that's what it seemed like, at least. Mostly they're just hurting themselves and causing problems for Father. What does Kuro expect to find? You can't explain magick any more than you can explain why the sun rises. It simply is.

> For this mission, I was told a location and to come alone. That didn't bother me. It's not like I don't do scouting missions on my own anyway. It wasn't even that far away. I arrived, Kuro waiting for me as he observed the village a few hundred meters away. My hand went to my weapon without a second thought, even as he turned back to smile at me. Kuro explained that there was a danger in that village, and he wanted to see if I could figure it out.

> 

> I'm still uncomfortable with him, but something about this piques my curiosity. Kuro's a busy person; what has him way out here?

> Who really is Kuro? I don't understand him.

> 

> That mission… It took me three weeks. Three weeks of observation, talking with the villagers and snooping around. All the while, Kuro came and went. But I managed to figure out what he was talking about. I even found myself reporting to him without reaching for a blade.

> 

> Then I was in pain, my body hitting against something hard. I wasn't aware of anything else for the longest while. When I finally came around, blood coated the area. Kuro's talons ripped out the other creature's heart. I heard something about 'humans' and 'the future.'

> 

> The next thing I remember was lying on the dojo floor. Father's apprehensive gaze stared back at me. I have never seen him like that. It would be an understatement to say I was surprised when Father wrapped me in a tight hug, a few tears wetting my clothes. I still don't know why Kuro brought me back.

> What should I do? Kuro assigned me a special mission to study an Oni the Hunters labeled O-49. He said it would be dangerous, but I was the best fit for the mission, given my abilities. I'm sure I can do it; I've had dangerous assignments before, but something about this puts me on edge. 

> 

> When I got home, Father yelled at me when he found out. I was startled. He made his feelings on this clear. Father was against it, stating that I was going to die. He seemed like he knew about what I was assigned to study, but he wouldn't tell me.

> 

> I get his hesitance, especially after the last time. Father hardly wants me to leave anymore. He thinks the Hunters are losing who they were. Not that he disagrees with that. Father just says it'll make the Hunters weak. I can see where he's coming from. They've changed so much recently, primarily thanks to Kuro's efforts.

> 

> What Kuro wants to do, the future he's trying to head towards, isn't that worth a bit of danger? The way he explained his plans and his goals? 

> 

> They seemed reasonable. Protect humanity while protecting the Yokai, even if the worst threat was the Yokai. It seems a bit idealistic, sure, but it could be possible. Not that Father thinks so. Father believes Kuro's full of shit and doesn't want me following a madman to my death. I almost thought he was pleading with me.

> 

> None of this is making it easy for me. I don't leave until morning. I'll think it over more before I go to bed.

The final page in the journal is a spare sheet written in a different hand. It is assumed to be SCP-6932.

> My child. What has happened? I tried to warn you, but perhaps I was not persuasive enough. I tried to stop you, but you always had a mind of your own. If only I were able, I would have prevented this from happening. I should have been able to. It is my failure to bear that you have fallen. I was not enough to protect you, and for that, I shall never be able to atone. Your death was my fault. If only someday you could forgive me. 

> 

> Sayonara, Katsuyori.

> 

</details>

**Addendum 6932-5:** SCP-6932 opened its pocket dimension at Cape Erimo on 09/07/2025, allowing SCP-6932 and the MTF to locate O-49 as it finished its journey. It was noted that SCP-6932 grew agitated at the sight of O-49, though it was found to have calmed down within minutes. SCP-6932 then pointed to the nearby shrine, stating that it would be the focal point in which O-49 was sealed. 

Half of the MTF was assigned to keep O-49 occupied and protect the remaining agents as they performed the ritual. O-49 shrieked in pain, lunging at SCP-6932 as the ritual began. Despite being knocked away from the area, SCP-6932 demanded that they continue, encouraging the remaining MTF to aid in the ritual, then began to fight O-49 himself. It is unknown why O-49 did not immediately terminate SCP-6932 as it did to the rest of its victims. 

SCP-6932 then commenced a martial arts battle with O-49 as the ritual weakened it. Initially, it seemed that O-49 was much stronger than SCP-6932. However, the two soon became evenly matched. The altercation continued for several minutes in this fashion until the ritual weakened O-49 to the point where it could be terminated.

SCP-6932 received several deep wounds during the termination of O-49. Once the rest of the team rejoined SCP-6932, it appeared shaken, stated the word 'Katsuyori,' and vanished. 

**Addendum 6932-6:** 10/05/2025. Agent Halo was able to locate SCP-6932 after nearly a month. When located, the pocket dimension was seen to have changed into its current form. SCP-6932 was seen with a female child of Asian descent, estimated to be around three years of age. When asked about the child, SCP-6932 stated that it had adopted the girl and that her name was 'Shiko.' There did not appear to be anything anomalous about the child. 

Under orders, Agent Halo attempted to persuade SCP-6932 to turn itself over for containment. While it did not agree immediately, it gave Agent Halo two conditions for its containment. SCP-6932 asked that it be allowed to continue training Foundation agents at its discretion and that the Foundation does not interfere with the child. Agent Halo brought the matter to Foundation leadership, which is currently under consideration.
