> **{{From:** o5_7@foundation.scp}}

> **{{To:** o5_6@foundation.scp}}

> 

> **{{Subject:** They found Nine.}}

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> {{I know you two were very close.}}

> *{{One (1) file attached. Would you like to open* "scp-6158.zip"?}}

.

.

.

> {{y_}}

> {{*Opening* "scp-6158.zip"...}}

 

 

 

 

 

 

**Item №:** SCP-6158

**Anomaly Class:** Safe

**Personnel Clearance Level:** 5

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6158 is to be kept in a secure containment locker in Site-02. Under no circumstances is SCP-6158 allowed to be plugged into any electronic or computerized network unless stated otherwise by O5 Command.

**Description:** SCP-6158 is a semi-primitive computing structure consisting of several unified organic neural networks. SCP-6158 does not appear to decay over time, although this is difficult to ascertain due to its fragile nature. Because of this fragility and the unique way in which its nerves are fused, research on SCP-6158 consists primarily of observation alone.

Researchers theorize that SCP-6158's neural composition consists of:

* between 2 and 3 complete human nervous systems

* between 6 and 7 complete domestic rat nervous systems

* one additional human cerebellum

* the partial parietal lobe of a domestic housecat

* a partially damaged adult human eye Iris colour green. 

Of note is that there is only one completely intact human brain in SCP-6158's composition. All other brain matter is in separated yet undamaged parts, still connected to the network as a whole.

All of SCP-6158's nerves converge at what is presumed to be the spinal cord of this centralized brain. SCP-6158's spinal cord tapers off and forms a rubber-encased wire that ends in a USB plug.

**Addendum 6158.1:** SCP-6158 was discovered on 13/2/2022 during the procedural decommissioning of a Foundation front organization. As the building was being cleared out and documents were being marked for review, janitor Mikaela Webber located an unlabeled door that did not appear on the building's official plans. After breaking the door's lock and entering, the room appeared to be a makeshift office space set up in what was previously a supply closet. In it was a modified TRS-80 computer system, a small stack of papers, and a large sealed metal box containing SCP-6158. There was a small hole drilled into a bottom corner of the box that allowed SCP-6158's cord to be wound through in order to be plugged into the computer system. A small "W" was scratched into one of the sides of the metal box.

Webber powered up the computer while SCP-6158 was still plugged into the terminal. She reported that after the computer completed its loading sequence, the system froze before the screen was rapidly filled with file names. Every file name appeared to consist of random chains of characters. Webber then attempted to force the computer to shut down, but the system did not respond.

Moments later, an unknown entity bypassed the initiation codes for tools such as the Foundation General Alert System, various PA speakers, and lockdown protocols across multiple Sites. This allowed the entity to trigger PA announcements and alarms while also broadcasting their own audio.

The broadcast in question was a minor cognitohazard that was reported to be a series of clashing tones, both high and low-pitched. Personnel present in affected Sites during this incident reported headaches, migraines, the taste of blood, as well as massive amounts of physical pain. Five percent of exposed personnel were temporarily hospitalized due to short-term paralysis that occurred upon hearing the broadcast. Those paralyzed claimed that they could hear a man screaming in the noise.

**Addendum 6158.2:** While most of the documentation recovered from the storage closet currently remains illegible, there was a single printed flyer that remained in good condition, included below: 

<details>
<summary>+ Display Recovered Document</summary>

>  **Wow!** *The more you try to think, the more it will hurt. It is your penance for your hubris.*

> 

> After popular demand, we've brought back a brand new set of Little Misters, a limited edition collection from Dr. Wondertainment! How fun!

> 

> Find them all and become the Brand New Mr. Collector!

> 

> [00. Mr. Prologue](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/mr-prologue)

> 01. Mr. Dark

> [02. Mr. Remembrance](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5289)

> [03. Mr. Toxic](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1019)

> [04. Mr. Collector](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5760)

> 05. Mx. Voltage

> 06. ██. Gears

> 07. Mr. Memory

> [08. Mr. Nobody](SCP-6558)

> **09. Mr. Brainy ✔**

> 10. Ms. Seraph

> [11. Mr. Chronal and Mr. Dimension](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6627)

> [12. Mr. Fish](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5527)

> 13. Mr. Epilogue

> ~~14. Mr. Redd (Discontinued)~~

</details>

<< [SCP-6157](SCP-6157) | SCP-6158 | [SCP-6159](SCP-6159) >>
