**Item #:** SCP-6660

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All recovered documentation and schematics pertaining to SCP-6660 are to be kept in a high-security document storage container within the storage wing of [Site-64](secure-facility-dossier-site-64).

**Description:** SCP-6660 was a prototype device created by Anderson Robotics between 2021 and the firm's dissolution following the joint UIU/Foundation raid on [May 24th, 2024](the Blackbird and the Falcon). Based on schematics recovered from Anderson Robotics's Research and Development laboratory, as well as records seized from Deer College's Department of Biochemistry, the device consisted of a portable computer terminal connected to a network of electrophysiological probesAnalysis of recovered documents suggested these probes consisted of a silver chloride base, with a unique alloy wire embedded with thaumtological symbols. No samples of this material have been recovered to date. which could be attached to a wide array of biological targets. 

Upon activation, SCP-6660's terminal allowed the user to scan the target's genetic code against a databank to detect deleterious mutations and alter the target's DNA on a molecular level through a combination of advanced computational and thaumatological techniques. While the stated function of the device was as a cure-all for genetic disease, notes from various tests in the device's development suggested new non-deleterious mutations could be intentionally added for cosmetic effect or enhancement.Based upon recovered notes, this latter idea was initially scrapped by the original primary developer of the device, Dr. Leonard Fischer, before being vetoed outright by the Anderson Robotics Board of Directors.

Recovered emails, audio files, and video from the Anderson Robotics Research and Development team suggest that the technology was largely functional at the time of the 2024 raid, with successful tests eliminating such conditions as Sickle Cell Disease, Cystic Fibrosis, and Huntington's Disease among others from volunteers within the Three Portlands community. It is unclear at what point Anderson Robotics was intending to release SCP-6660 for consumer use.

Security footage acquired after the 2024 raid suggests SCP-6660 was stolen from the Anderson Robotics World Headquarters by Dr. Janice McGrath, a primary researcher on SCP-6660's development, professor of Biochemistry at Deer College, and potential Type-Blue humanoid. Attempts to locate SCP-6660 by members of MTF Tau-51 ("Urban Brawl") and MTF Delta-3 ("Organic Free Trade") are ongoing. 

Current attempts by Foundation personnel to rebuild SCP-6660 based upon recovered schematics and documentation for further study are pending.

**Addendum 6660-A: Recovered Documents**

The following documentation was recovered from various Anderson Robotics workstations within the Research and Development team's laboratory following the raid on May 24th, 2024. Records remain incomplete due to efforts by Anderson Robotics personnel to destroy the firm's intellectual property prior to seizure by Foundation and UIU agents.

> 

> ++ Transcript of Anderson Robotics Board Meeting, November 15th, 2021

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Vincent Anderson:**Founder and CEO of Anderson Robotics. PoI-1115. Currently in Foundation Custody. Alright folks. Next on the agenda is what I've been told by Medea is a very promising project proposal from Dr. Leonard Fischer. Dr. Fischer, you have the floor. 

> 

> **Dr. Leonard Fischer:** Thank you, Mr. Anderson. While I'm sure most of you are aware, the finesse of our systems has improved by leaps and bounds over the last six years, to the point where we can now implant [Gyrfalcon Prosthetics](SCP-2806) with near molecular accuracy. Such nimble capabilities, therefore, open us to a whole new frontier of products: Genomics. Dr. Contos has taken the liberty of sending my team's proposed device to your personal- 

> 

> **Isaac Dillard:**Executive Officer of Anderson Robotics. Currently at large. Dr. Fischer, I'm going to cut you off here. You are aware this is a robotics firm, correct? We have neither the infrastructure nor facilities to branch out so radically at this time. 

> 

> **Fischer:** May I ask you a personal question, Mr. Dillard? 

> 

> **Dillard:** If you must.

> 

> **Fischer:** Have you ever known someone who suffered from genetic disease? Watched a couple learn that if they have children there is a high chance they will not survive to adulthood? Watched in horror as a parent succumbed to the debilitating effects of something that was not their fault? Because I have, and so have countless others. Proteins are the very machines on which the natural world runs. On which WE run. And they break down. And when they do, the consequences can be dire. Whether the machine we fix is a broken arm or a broken protein, I can't fathom how you don't see us having a potential market there.

> 

> **Dr. Medea Contos:**Head of Research and Development of Anderson Robotics. Currently at large. Well-spoken, Dr. Fischer. However, how do you propose we supplement our lack of biochemical capabilities such a project would require?

> 

> **Fischer:** It may come to the surprise of many of you, but we are actually a 30-minute streetcar ride away from one of the most prestigious biochemical labs on this side of the veil at Deer College. Many of the researchers there, including the esteemed Dr. McGrath, are former colleagues of many members of my team and would be more than happy to assist us in this venture. 

> 

> **Anderson:** I think we have heard enough at this time. We will review your proposed device and get back to you in the near future.

> 

> **Fischer:** May I say one more thing?

> 

> **Anderson:** You may.

> 

> **Fischer:** When I first joined this company, I was given the impression it was moved to Three Portlands to avoid the fist of smaller minds. I implore you. Please prove me right.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> ++ Notice to Kea Series Development Staff 

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> Greetings everyone,

> 

> I am pleased to announce that as of this morning, we have been given the greenlight by Anderson and the Board of Directors to begin development on what is being called the Kea Series Genomic Editor. Not my idea of a name, but Vincent is all about his birds it would seem.

> 

> While we get started on our end with the hardware, Dr. Janice McGrath of Deer College's Biochemistry Department will be serving as our lead on developing the software as well as the biothaumatological interface. She is to be considered the co-PI on this, so please be sure to keep her in the loop on all developments.

> 

> By the end of this we should have a functioning product that:

> * Scans the target genetic code for errors in comparison to a genomic database.

> * Recommends required edits on a DNA base-pair level.

> * Is capable of editing the entire subject's genome to make those edits and those edits alone.

>

> I know that like myself, the work we are doing on this project hits close to home. It is my dearest hope that we can ensure a future without the heartache and tragedy of proteinopathies.

> 

> Now let's get to work. The machines of nature are not going to repair themselves.

> 

> *Dr. Leonard Fischer*

> 

> ++ Kea Series Genomic Editor Development Log  

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Kea v1.0: 13/12/2021**

> * Initial hardware and software testing successful

> * Successful genomic modifications of E Coli to include ampicillin resistance without plasmids.

> * Effects currently not stable on eukaryotic organisms

> 

> **Kea v1.1: 10/1/2022**

> * Stabilized effects on eukaryotic organisms.

> * Eliminated Sickle Cell mutation in immortalized Hematopoietic Stem Cells.

> * Genomic editor function fully operational for all target types.

> 

> **Kea v1.2: 14/02/2022**

> * Proofreading software and cancer warning functionality fully online.

> * Full restoration of dystrophin demonstrated in myoblasts affected by Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.

> * Genomic library fully updated to current field standards.

> 

> **Kea v1.3: 03/03/2022**

> * Outcomes prediction tool fully online.

> * Testing in mouse models ready to begin.

> * Genomic editor functionality limited to preset parameters to eliminate the introduction of new mutations.

> 

> ++ Transcript of Dr. Leonard Fischer's Personal Audio Log,  March 10th, 2022

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Fischer:** You asked to speak with me, Janice?

> 

> **McGrath:** Yes. I noticed the new locks on the genomic editor. I wanted to know why you had those installed. My team and I had a few more tests with the mouse model we wanted to run.

> 

> **Fischer:** Simple. Vincent and I agreed we are currently in the business of fixing these machines, not breaking them further. This ensures quality control and helps to eliminate the potential of the Kea accidentally giving someone's Grandmother small cell lung cancer or something equally terrible. 

> 

> **McGrath:** Leonard. With all due respect, these are not machines. These are proteins. Similar, but while a machine is designed to do its job well, proteins just need to do their job. Millions and billions of years of trial and error until you arrive at something good enough. We now have the ability to improve these things. If we limit ourselves now in the Kea's infancy, we'll never know what we are capable of. I'm talking about improved longevity. Better and more stable DNA replication. More foolproof mitotic division.

> 

> **Fischer:** It is far more prudent that we work on fixing what is broken before we worry about improving what is stable. We talked about this before we started this project. 

> 

> **McGrath:** And I thought when you saw the strides we made in a few short months with this technology you might see the light. You're always going on about us 'fixing nature's machines' but now we have the chance to not only fix them but perfect them.

> 

> **Fischer:** I didn't know the word 'eugenics' had so many syllables, Janice.

> 

> **McGrath:** That is not fair and you know it! We have a chance to do life-changing work here and you're just going to shrug and tell me it's not our problem? 

> 

> **Fischer:** Because it isn't our problem. I'm not in this to create some ascended perfect organism. I'm here to cure disease. The scope of that request is already monolithic. You have absolutely no right to shame me for setting the bar too low.

> 

> **McGrath:** But I do. This is my life's work come to a head. Do you have any idea how many biochemists throughout history would have killed to have had the opportunity before us now? You yelled at Isaac Dillard for being small-minded, yet here you are! A fucking hypocrite!

> 

> **Fischer:** Who the hell do you think you are? How do you have any right to call me a hypocrite?

> 

> **McGrath:** Because a man who can't see the forest for the trees has no right to call others small-minded!

> 

> **Fischer:** I've seen the mounds of sacrificed mice you've already created! I've seen all the tumors you made by mistake! And I've heard the rumors about what your plans are with respect to testing the limits of the Kea! Don't stand there and pretend that what you are doing doesn't come with a massive fucking price tag, or that you are also not throwing shit at the wall, but just a little more targeted! You want to go down this road, you can pry the project from my cold, dead hands! But I can promise you this, Anderson is already on board with how I'm setting things up!

> 

> **McGrath:** [Several moments pause] Understood, your majesty. This will be the last I bring this up.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> ++ Notice to Kea Series Development Staff 

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> Greetings everyone,

> 

> I understand there have been some rumors going around. Rather than let this sit and be speculated about, I decided it would be in our best interest as a team to come clean.

> 

> As of yesterday evening, I was diagnosed with Glioblastoma. For those of you who don't know, this is a highly aggressive, fast-growing, and ultimately incurable brain tumor. The average survival from diagnosis is between 12 to 18 months.

> 

> Having the chance to work on this project with each and every one of you has been a treasure. Know that I plan to continue to work towards the Kea Series's completion until my dying breath, and am confident of the hands that I will be leaving it in after I am gone.

> 

> Knowing many of you, upon reading this message you'll want to come to speak to me about my headspace at the moment. While I do sincerely appreciate such gestures, know that I would prefer to remain focused on the task at hand for the time being. 

> 

> Let's finish this thing strong. The machines of nature are not going to repair themselves.

> 

> *Dr. Leonard Fischer*

> 

> ++ Kea Series Genomic Editor Development Log  

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Kea v1.4: 12/04/2022**

> * Multiple updates to the outcomes prediction tool.

> * Thaumatological component overhaul begun.

> 

> **Kea v1.5: 09/07/2022**

> * Thaumatological component overhaul completed.

> * Conclusion of mouse model testing and preparations for human trials at Paracelsus Medical Center.

> 

> **Kea v1.6: 14/12/2022**

> * Initiation of Cystic Fibrosis, Sickle Cell Anemia, and Huntington's Disease trials.

> 

> **Kea v1.7: 03/01/2023**

> * Outcomes prediction tool update.

> * User interface update in response to Paracelsus staff suggestions.

> * Genomic library fully updated to current field standards.

> 

> ++ Transcript of Dr. Leonard Fischer's Personal Audio Log,  March 3rd, 2023

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Fischer:** I'm sorry I haven't been able to honor your request for a meeting sooner, Janice. Things have... not been great recently.

> 

> **McGrath:** It's fine, Leonard. How are you doing?

> 

> **Fischer:** I feel like absolute shit. And I'm just so damn tired all the time.

> 

> **McGrath:** [Several moments pause] I'm so sorry.

> 

> **Fischer:** [Chuckles] Yeah. Me too. What did you want to talk about?

> 

> **McGrath:** I wanted to reach out to you. I've been working on a side project in my downtime since you announced your diagnosis. It's a long shot, but I think we can tweak the Kea to stop the progression of your cancer.  With any luck, we'd be able to-

> 

> **Fischer:** Why do you feel the need to do this to me?

> 

> **McGrath:** Pardon?

> 

> **Fischer:** I'm not going to be your fucking guinea pig, Janice. You don't think I already thought of this? That I didn't run the numbers and the simulations myself? At best we're taking a shot in the dark at this and hoping something hits the target, and at worse, I manage to give myself a super brain tumor. In its current state, the Kea is simply not designed to operate like we would need it to. And I refuse to just throw off the fail-safes. Even when my life depends on it.

> 

> **McGrath:** You'll die otherwise.

> 

> **Fischer:** There is a very good chance I'd die going down the road you want to take. At least this way I'll pass with my integrity.

> 

> **McGrath:** You're being a stubborn idiot.

> 

> **Fischer:** Maybe. But in the end, it's my call to make.

> 

> **McGrath:** Then you deserve whatever happens next.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> ++ Notice to Kea Series Development Staff 

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> Greetings everyone,

> 

> It is with a heavy heart that I must announce that as of 0400 this morning, Dr. Fischer lost his battle with Glioblastoma. Dr. Fischer was a dedicated researcher, a kind friend, and at his heart, a humanitarian. As he once told me, "Proteins are the machines on which nature runs" and he dedicated his life to fixing those machines when they broke down, to his dying breath. It would be a tragedy to see his work die with him. As such, Dr. Janice McGrath has stepped forward to assume leadership of the remainder of the project.

> 

> As a close associate of Dr. Fischer's from Deer College, and one of the original team members of the Kea series, I have full confidence in her and your ability to see this project through to the end. Here is to Kea 2023, and Dr. Fischer's dream becoming a reality.

> 

> *Anderson*

> 

> ++ Kea Series Genomic Editor Development Log  

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Kea v1.8: 15/06/2023**

> * Conclusion of Cystic Fibrosis and Sickle Cell Anemia trials.

> * Thaumatological component overhaul initiated to reinforce effect permanency and stability in outside thaumatologic effects.

> 

> **Kea v1.9: 28/07/2023**

> * Thaumatological component overhaul completed.

> * Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy trial initiated.

> * Booster treatment tool online.

> 

> **Kea v2.0: 19/11/2023**

> * Genomic library fully updated to current field standards.

> * User interface updates in response to Paracelsus staff implemented.

> 

> **Kea v2.1: 03/03/2024**

> * Conclusion of the Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy and Huntington's Disease trials.

> * Compilation of additional treatments begun with Paracelsus staff.

> * Genomic library fully updated to current field standards.

> 

> ++ Notice to Anderson Robotic's Board of Directors 

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> Ladies and Gentlemen,

> 

> I am pleased to announce that as of 03-03-2024, we have succeeded in our final line of trials with the numerous volunteers at Deer College and Paracelsus Medical Center. As of the time of writing, the Kea Series prototype has successfully provided cures to:

> 

> * Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy

> * Cystic Fibrosis

> * Huntington's Disease

> * Sickle Cell Disease

> 

> This list does not even begin to tap into newly discussed uses in the elimination of latent viral genomes, as well as diseases in non-human subjects such as canines and plants.

> 

> It would be unethical for us to continue these trials when such a massive benefit has been proven, and I strongly suggest your company be ready to prepare for the device's launch.

> 

> Warm regards,

> 

> *Janice McGrath*

> 

> ++ Transcript of Surveillance Footage Captured by MTF Gamma-13

> 

> **Anderson Robotics Headquarters**

> **Research and Development Labs**

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **<15:05:18>** SCP-6660 is visible upon its work station. 

> 

> **<15:05:45>** Security alarms go off on the floor. Numerous Anderson Robotics employees are visible in the background in a state of distress. Supervisors begin the process of personnel evacuation as Peregrine Unit Android security appears on the scene.

> 

> **<15:10:25>** The section of the Anderson Robotics Research and Development Lab visible from the camera is fully abandoned for the next 60 minutes.

> 

> **<16:10:03>** Janice McGrath becomes visible in the field of the camera and approaches SCP-6660, stuffing the terminal and probes within a duffle bag on her person.

> 

> **<16:12:38>** MTF Gamma-13 agents approach McGrath in an attempt to apprehend her.

> 

> **<16:12:55>** McGrath points at two of the MTF agents. Her index fingers separate from her hands and launch towards the agents at high velocity before embedding within their torsos. The MTF agents fall to the ground as their bodies undergo massive tissue lysis and fall apart. McGrath's fingers begin to regenerate.

> 

> **<16:13:10>** Remaining MTF agents open fire on McGrath, causing her to collapse backward.

> 

> **<16:13:50>** The MTF agents cautiously approach McGrath's body. She then rises, a large ball of metal discharging from her chest and decapitating an approaching agent. McGrath flings herself at the remaining agent, knocking her to the ground. McGrath places a hand on the agent's head, causing it to explode several moments later.Upon recovery, the agent's skull cavity was found to be filled with a large mass of Glioblastoma, Ependymoma, and Oligodendroglioma cells.

> 

> **<16:14:30>** McGrath stands, grabs the duffle bag containing SCP-6660, and flees the view of the camera, heading deeper into the facility. 

**Addendum 6660-B: Investigation into Dr. Janice McGrath**

Following the initial May 24th, 2024 raid on Anderson Robotics World Headquarters, a second raid on the residence of Dr. Janice McGrath was conducted by MTF Delta-3 and UIU operatives on May 25th. The residence was found to be abandoned, and a workshop was located within the building's basement. Within the workshop following items of interest were recovered:

* Multiple homemade iterations of SCP-6660, all inoperable.

* An incinerator containing the remains of multiple *Rattus norvegicus*Domestic Rat, *Felis catus*Domestic Cat, *Canis lupus familiaris*Domestic Dog, and *Sus scrofa domesticus* Domestic Pig. Due to the sheer amount of remains found within the incinerator, it is unclear how many of each species is present.

* An incubator containing various samples of human tissue ranging from viable cell lines to tumors. DNA matching identified the tissue as belonging to Dr. McGrath.

* Multiple specimen containers containing a variety of deceased animal hybrids, the majority of which had been executed with small arms fire.

* A living mass of human stem cells approximately 3 meters in diameter. DNA matching identified the tissue as belonging to Dr. McGrath.

* Multiple paraphernalia of the Sisterhood of the First Flesh.A Neo-Sarkic cult operating out of Three Portlands during the 1980s before the group's dissolution following a series of UIU raids.

Attempts to locate SCP-6660 and Janice McGrath in cooperation with UIU and GOC allies are ongoing.

<< [SCP-6659](SCP-6659) | SCP-6660 | [SCP-6661](SCP-6661) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
