---

**Special Containment Procedures:** All instances of SCP-6944 must be kept in a soundproof lockbox containing no written or printed language on any part of its interior surface. This lockbox should be kept in a standard storage locker requiring personnel to have Clearance Level 3 or higher to access. Transportation of SCP-6944 instances being used for testing is to be done in a secure soundproof transport case with no interior markings. Currently, there are 483 instances of SCP-6944 in containment.

Testing chambers 34-A and 57-C of Site-76 are to be quarantined until further notice. Any personnel that enter these chambers to examine SCP-6944-B instances are to wear standard encapsulated hazardous material suits. All "costs" given by SCP-6944-A are to be reviewed prior to acceptance to prevent further possible manifestations of SCP-6944-B. If the "cost" possesses a risk towards the subject's death, the test is to be aborted.

Foundation webcrawlers are to investigate any mentions of individuals finding working spirit talking boards. Any cases where the object in question is verbally speaking must be investigated in-person by Mobile Task Force Psi-8 ("The Silencers") for instances of SCP-6944.

**Description:** SCP-6944 is a series of identical teardrop-shaped planchettesPointing devices commonly found with commercial spirit talking boards. primarily made of wood. Within the center of each SCP-6944 instance is an amber-colored glass lens that would typically be used for viewing individual letters. Material analysis of SCP-6944 found the wood to be composed of Cornus nuttalliiCommonly known as Mountain Dogwood. and Rosa caninaCommonly known as Dog Rose., with the glass being made of solidified tree sap. All instances of SCP-6944 will instantaneously regenerate from any damage they incur, with the exception of immolation.

When all three legs of an instance of SCP-6944 come into contact with any surface containing printed or written language, it will adhere to the surface by unknown means. The object will remain in this fixed position unless it is intentionally removed by a human subject, with attempts to remove SCP-6944 instances by mechanical means proven ineffective. When in this state, an SCP-6944 instance should be considered primed and capable of becoming active.

When a subject verbally states a desire to speak with another individual while within audible range of a primed SCP-6944 instance, the lens of the instance will begin to vibrate, replicating a male voice. This voice, hereby referred to as SCP-6944-A, will state a location for any deceased individual, an increment of time per minute to "connect the call", and ask the subject if they accept. Upon acceptance, the lens of the SCP-6944 instance will emit a colored light, indicating its active state, and the voice of the deceased will be replicated by the lens. All sound within audible range of an active SCP-6944 instance will be heard by the deceased. SCP-6944 instances will remain in their active state until they are removed from their fixed position.

Once contact with the deceased has ended the subject who agreed to SCP-6944-A's offer will begin rapidly aging. Altered rate of aging appears to match the "cost" offered by SCP-6944-A and will last for a duration matching the amount of time that the SCP-6944 instance was active. If this event results in the subject's death, there is a high probability that the subject's corpse will transmute into an instance of SCP-6944-B.

SCP-6944-B is a large mushroom grown from subjects who expired due to the use of an SCP-6944 instance. Analysis of the fungal matter revealed the mushroom to be a hybridization of Pluteus salicinusA species of European psychedelic mushroom that grows on wood, commonly known as Knackers Crumpet. and Isaria sinclairiiA species of parasitic fungus commonly found across eastern Asia and New Zealand, known for infecting the underground nymphs of cicadas.. The stalk of individual SCP-6944-B instances resemble the transmuted subject prior to using SCP-6944, with matching height, and a cap approximately one meter in diameter. SCP-6944-B instances may potentially release spores into the surrounding area they inhabit. When inhaled, these spores will result in vivid hallucinations of the transmuted subject attempting to talk to those exposed. Subjects exposed to SCP-6944-B spores report that the hallucinations are responsive and capable of conversation, often having information that would only be known to the transmuted subject. To date, one instance of SCP-6944-B has expired and all individuals suffering from hallucinations caused by this instance have reported a full recovery from spore exposure. Any attempts of exterminating any living SCP-6944-B instances have been unsuccessful, as all instances will regrow within 24 hours.

<details>
<summary>Open Test Logs</summary>

> ++++ Test 6944-1

> 

> **Subject:** D-35297, age 38.

> 

> **Deceased:** D-36572; Mobile Task Force Omega-16, recruited one week prior to test. Deceased was given a keyphrase in order to confirm identity.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A Statement:** "Recipient found in the settlement of Grio Duna. Cost to connect the call will be 5 minutes per minute."

> 

> **Duration of Contact:** 5 minutes; keyphrase confirmed.

> 

> **Results:** No apparent effects.

> ++++ Test 6944-3

> 

> **Subject:** D-58429, age 25.

> 

> **Deceased:** Karen Jolson, D-58429's mother.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A Statement:** "Recipient found in the nation of Saklovai. Cost to connect the call will be 1 year per minute."

> 

> **Duration of Contact:** 12 minutes.

> 

> **Results:** 1 minute after contact was ceased, the subject started to complain about joint pain. As observation continued, the subject's appearance began to show signs of advanced ageing, such as the visible formation of wrinkles and liver spots appearing on their skin. All effects appeared to cease after 12 minutes post-contact. Further examination of the subject revealed symptoms of early onset osteoporosis previously unseen in D-58429.

> ++++ Test 6944-8

> 

> **Subject:** D-24189, age 27.

> 

> **Deceased:** Nikola Ostrowski; overseeing researcher, still alive.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A Statement:** "Recipient not found. Connection is not possible."

> 

> **Duration of Contact:** N/A; SCP-6944 instance did not enter its active state.

> 

> **Results:** No apparent effects.

> ++++ Test 6944-12

> 

> **Subject:** D-38414, age 24.

> 

> **Deceased:** Nathan Farges; D-38414's ex-boyfriend.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A Statement:** "Recipient found in Castle Bøgal. Cost to connect the call will be 5 years per minute."

> 

> **Duration of Contact:** 20 minutes.

> 

> **Results:** Once contact was ceased, the subject proceeded to rapidly age for approximately 13 minutes, with the process resulting in the subject's death. Subject's corpse proceeded to rapidly decay, eventually putrefying. Once the corpse was fully putrefied, indications of growth were witnessed coming from the central mass. This growth sprouted into a large mushroom, now designated SCP-6944-B, measuring 1.8 meters in height and a cap width of 1 meter, the stalk of which resembles a woman in her mid-20s. Once fully grown, the mushroom expelled spores that filled the testing chamber. Class-D personnel exposed to these spores are currently experiencing vivid hallucinations of a woman matching the description of D-38414 attempting to speak with them.

> 

> *Note: Testing Chamber 34-A is to be placed under quarantine until we can figure out how to deal with the mushroom. I'm kind of amazed we haven't had an issue of finding one of these out in the wild yet. -Researcher Ostrowski*

> ++++ Test 6944-15

> 

> **Subject:** D-35829, age 21.

> 

> **Deceased:** N/A, subject instructed to request to speak to SCP-6944-A.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A Statement:** "This request is intended to be fulfilled for your masters."

> 

> **Duration of Contact:** N/A; SCP-6944 instance did not enter its active state.

> 

> **Results:** No apparent effects.

</details>

SCP-6944-A is a non-corporeal entity connected to every instance of SCP-6944 that refers to itself as "the operator". SCP-6944-A is sapient and capable of regular communication, if willing, through any primed SCP-6944 instance. If SCP-6944-A's claims are to be believed, it is capable of witnessing any event occurring near SCP-6944 instances and able to locate them. In events where SCP-6944 is damaged by fire, SCP-6944-A is capable of manipulating any smoke within a six meter range (See Incident 6944-1). Smoke manipulated by SCP-6944-A follows the same standard rules of interaction as with ectoplasmic entitiesEntity cannot interact with nor cross lines of salt or iron.. An interview with SCP-6944-A was conducted in order to learn the origin and purpose of SCP-6944.

<details>
<summary>Open Interview Log 6944-A/1</summary>

> 

> **Interview Log:** 6944-A/1

> 

> **Subject:** First communication with SCP-6944-A

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Nikola Ostrowski

> 

> **Interviewee:** SCP-6944-A

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> ***<Begin Log>***

> 

> **Ostrowski:** This is the second attempt at communicating with the entity known as SCP-6944-A. The time is 5:43pm. *<Researcher Ostrowski removes an SCP-6944 instance from a soundproof transport case and places it onto a surface containing all 26 letters of the English alphabet.>* Hello? I want to talk to SCP-6944-A.

> 

> *<The lens in the SCP-6944 instance begins vibrating.>*

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Greetings, Foundation. I've been waiting for this conversation to happen.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Wait, what? You've been waiting for this?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Well, if you had tried talking to me sooner, I would have told you that I arrived here this way specifically to get your attention. Also, you don't need to time this.

> 

> **Ostrowski**: What do you mean?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** To respond to not needing to time this. I'm not making a connection for you, so there is no toll. As for getting your attention, I need to speak with a specific member on your high council. The one intimately familiar with an [old factory](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-001-o5).

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Why do you need to speak with them?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** That is not for you to know. Only with them will I discuss this.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Well, that request might take a while to put through. However, would it be possible to ask you a few questions about where you came from?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** I do not see the purpose of this. Just send the request so I may speak to the council member.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** It might help us get the approval for you to meet with this council member if we know more about you.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** *<3 second pause.>* This is acceptable. Ask away.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** What do you call yourself?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** I don't trust you with my name. But you may call me "the operator".

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Where are you from?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Isn't it obvious? I'm from the realm of [Corbenic](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2922). Specifically from the nation of ██████ ██████.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** ██████ ██████?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** That is something for me to discuss with the council member. Next question.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Alright. So if you're from Corbenic, does that mean you yourself are deceased?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** That is correct, but not in the way you're thinking. While I used to be human, I have never been outside of Corbenic until I came here as these planchettes you call SCP-6944.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Can you elaborate?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** I was born in Corbenic. A rare breed these days since the spider in the sky deemed post-humans having offspring unlawful in that realm. The issue with being born there though is that you can die. What happens to our kind when we pass is anyone's guess. When I was offered a chance to guarantee what happened next for me, I took it.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Is this when you made the planchettes?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** I didn't make the planchettes. The spell that made it so that I power them prevents me from using flora-kinesis. Instead, I was sent out to find a runaway that left the woods for some mountain and have him make them. After crossing the desert I found him, but he wasn't the fae he was before. He was warped into a tree with three faces, spoke in riddles and false phrases. But after I reached into his mind he was able to grow the planchettes from himself. Once we had enough, I cast the spell to bind my soul to them and sent them here. After that, all that was left was to kill myself. Slit my own throat right then and there with a blackwood blade. When I came to after bleeding out, my mind was spread throughout the planchettes.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Who sent you?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** My queen.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** I'm guessing further information is reserved for the council member.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Correct.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Just how do you manage to power SCP-6944? How do these "calls" work?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** My soul in this form is capable of passing back and forth to Corbenic. If I am asked to make a connection, I do so psychically. The voice you actually hear is the recipient's thoughts, they don't really hear you either. What is heard by the planchette is projected into the recipient's mind.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** So it's a form of auditory telepathy?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Correct. However it does take a specific type of power. A power I no longer have.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** What power is this, and is it the reason for the rapid aging after using SCP-6944?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** The power that these connections require is lifetime. As I said, I am deceased. I have no lifetime left in me. Those who wish for a connection will be given one at the cost of their own lifetime. As for the advanced aging, a minor side effect.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** What about those that turned into mushrooms?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** That is what happens when you spend more than your body has. In order to make it up, your body is turned to a new form to earn it.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** And the hallucinations?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** When you overspend, you have to make up the excess lifetime you used before moving on to the next world. Some people don't want to make it up in their new form and choose to steal the time. Now, are these answers sufficient? I am growing tired of this conversation.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Just two more questions. Just how many instances of SCP-6944 are there, and how long have you been waiting?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** There are currently ██,███ planchettes that I am currently connected to, and I have been waiting in your world for 5 years to speak to your leader in the shadows. So I hope you may have him speak to me soon.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Thank you, that will be all. *<Researcher Ostrowski removes the SCP-6944 instance from its surface and returns it to its transport case.>* Communication ended. Current time is 5:59pm.

> 

> ***<End Log>***

> 

> *Note: No effects were observed after communicating with SCP-6944-A.*

> 

</details>

**Incident 6944-1:** During a patrol mission in ███████, ██, MTF ψ-8 confirmed an attempt to contact a deceased individual using an instance of SCP-6944. During retrieval of the item, one of the suspects in possession of the SCP-6944 instance attempted to destroy the object through fire.

<details>
<summary>Open Incident 6944-1 Interview Logs</summary>

> **Interview Log:** 6944-B/1

> 

> **Subject:** Incident 6944-1

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Nikola Ostrowski

> 

> **Interviewee:** Agent Damien Groth

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> ***<Begin Log>***

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Please state your name and rank for the record.

> 

> **Groth:** Damien Groth, Mobile Task Force Psi-8, Captain, Squadron B, Unit 4.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Thank you. Now, can you tell us about the incident you were in involving SCP-6944?

> 

> **Groth:** Well, we were doing a standard job up in ███████. Watching over the Central Terminal. The place is known for haunts, and even hosts tours during October. We were stationed there as undercover security. Mainly to try and stop people from talking to whatever might be there, but mostly we just get teenagers trying to graffiti the place. The night of the incident was the first actual thing to happen in the whole week we've been there.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** So, how did the event begin?

> 

> **Groth:** We were patrolling the ground. After each of us checked in on radio we started with our patrols. Rogan is the most intimidating physically, so we had him on at the main entrance and the platforms. Naturally he'd be the first one of us to deal with something. 

> 

> **Ostrowski:** So, it was Agent Neil Rogan that first encountered the suspects. At what time would you say this was?

> 

> **Groth:** I would say about 23:47. Just under two hours into patrol for the night.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Thank you. Please continue.

> 

> **Groth:** Alright, so Rogan spotted the kids and radioed it to the rest of us. Said he spotted a couple teens out on the platform. Apparently one of them was carrying a backpack and they were talking about setting up a board. I gave the order for him to stay back and observe while I made my way towards him. When I got there the kids had this whole setup. Candles, board of letters, the works. If they knew what they really had they would have known that the flair wasn't needed.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** How would you describe the suspects?

> 

> **Groth:** Two males. One caucasian, one african-american. Telling from the looks of them, they couldn't have been older than 15. Maybe 16.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Alright. Continue.

> 

> **Groth:** They spoke to the board and asked to talk to someone who they thought was haunting the place. Some nearby murder from a couple years ago. There's some urban legend around the area that the terminal is haunted by people who die around it and they wanted to try it out. We stayed back for a while to hear what they were talking about. We were already radioing the situation to Faelin and Kowalski when we heard a third voice. Once we heard that, we had to step in.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Were you already aware of SCP-6944 prior to this incident?

> 

> **Groth:** Most ways that could be used to communicate with the dead are declassified to us in Psi-8. That info is kind of needed for the job. If you're asking if I recognized the operator's voice, no I didn't. Only read about a talking planchette, I didn't get a chance to hear how it sounded.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Right. So how did you approach the suspects?

> 

> **Groth:** Standard approach. Said that we were from Security Crime Prevention and that they were currently trespassing. They got a bit of an attitude, but they started packing up their little ritual kit. Rogan asked them what they were doing. That's when their attitude got worse. Told us it was none of our business. He went to confiscate their pack, basically trying to secure the 6944 instance, but they apparently were determined to not let anyone else take what they had in there. *<Sigh.>* If only we noticed the candle that was still lit behind them.

> 

> *<Agent Groth is silent for 5 seconds.>*

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Do you need a moment, Agent Groth?

> 

> **Groth:** No, no. It's just... You know the worst to expect on this job. You just don't get to see it too much in my line of work. Especially how it happened. The suspect holding the backpack threw it behind him. They must have done something to make it more flammable, because when that pack hit the flame it lit up. That's when Faelin and Kowalski came in.

> 

> *<Agent Groth pauses.>*

> 

> **Groth:** Faelin noticed the fire right away and ran to grab a fire extinguisher. I don't know what else those kids had in that bag, but smoke was billowing out of it. Rogan and I went to detain the suspects when Kowalski pulled us back. He pointed out that the smoke was strange. Getting a good look at it, he was right. It didn't rise. Instead it crept forward. As soon as I noticed this it lunged towards the kids. It didn't surround them like you'd think. Instead it made a beeline straight into every crevice it could find on their face. They collapsed on the spot. If we didn't do anything, those kids were gonna die. So I rushed in. Throwing salt wildly on a hunch that it might help. Thankfully it did. Gave me a clear path, at least.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Salt?

> 

> **Groth:** Just a lucky guess that SCP-6944-A was controlling the smoke and that it worked like dealing with ghosts. Thankfully I refilled my salt pocket before we started patrol.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Why do you keep a pocket of salt?

> 

> **Groth:** Force of habit. I used to be in Mu-13 for a couple years when I first started on the Task Forces. You'd be surprised how much crossover work there is between that and Psi-8. On top of the pocket of emergency salt, I keep a canister of the stuff on me too. That came useful as well since I was able to get a circle around us. I checked the kids, their breathing was faint though. Barely had a pulse either.

> 

> *<3 second pause.>*

> 

> **Groth:** The backpack was still on fire and smoking like a chimney, piling on to what was already surrounding us just outside of the salt circle. Kowalski and Rogan told Faelin what was happening as she came back with a fire extinguisher, they must have been outside of the thing's range to get them. I rolled my salt can to them to help deal with the smoke while putting out the fire. Once the fire was out and the smoke cleared, we called a medical transport to take the kids. But they stopped breathing altogether by the time the medics got there. After everything was done we collected the evidence and brought it to containment.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Is there anything more you would like to say about the incident?

> 

> **Groth:** No. That's all there is.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Alright. Thank you for your time.

> 

> ***<End Log>***

> **Interview Log:** 6944-A/2

> 

> **Subject:** Incident 6944-1

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Nikola Ostrowski

> 

> **Interviewee:** SCP-6944-A

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> ***<Begin Log>***

> 

> **Ostrowski:** *<Researcher Ostrowski places an instance of SCP-6944 on a handwritten note from his clipboard.>* Operator, I want to talk.

> 

> *<The SCP-6944 instance's lens begins vibrating.>*

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Have you put in my request?

> 

> **Ostrowski:** It is being processed now. We have a few more questions about a recent incident that occured with one of the 6944 instances.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Are you referring to that mess at the train station?

> 

> **Ostrowski:** You know about that?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** But of course, I am connected to all the planchettes.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Then let me start by asking why?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Security. Can't have all the planchettes being destroyed before we could get your attention.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Where did they find an instance of SCP-6944?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** I couldn't tell you if I wanted to, just that I was found that day. When you experience the world through as many perspectives as me it becomes difficult to keep full track of where it all happens.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** Fine then. Are there any other abilities that you're hiding?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Controlling smoke is the height of my capabilities, and even that is only something I am capable of while one of my planchettes is set aflame.

> 

> **Ostrowski:** But with how many instances of SCP-6944 that are out there, with how many we have in containment, and even with our team there to witness this event, why did you do it?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** To send a message of my own. I grow impatient waiting. Bring me your high council member that caused the slaughter of my queen and her people. There are dozens of my planchettes currently owned by people out there. If I wanted, I could lead them here, maybe help them find more planchettes, or convince them to burn my forms so I may pass them to my home. There are many ways that I can disrupt your world. I will give you one day to decide.

> 

> *<Lens of SCP-6944 instance ceases vibration.>*

> 

> **Ostrowski:** ...Damn it.

> 

> ***<End Log>***

</details>

After Incident 6944-1 the death of the two civilian suspects was released to the public under a cover story of carbon monoxide poisoning while trespassing in ███████ Central Terminal. The remains of the SCP-6944 instance were gathered from the scene, having approximately 28% of its mass reduced to ash; this damage has not regenerated as of this writing. Following Interview 6944-A/2, the matter of having O5-█ speak with SCP-6944-A was set to vote. Contact was approved in an 8-5 vote.

### THE FOLLOWING IS CLASSIFIED TO PERSONNEL BELOW CLEARANCE LEVEL 5/6944

[[collapsible show="[INPUT AUTHORIZATION CREDENTIALS]" hide="[CREDENTIALS ACCEPTED]"]]

> **Interview:** 6944-A/3

> 

> **Subject:** Demands of SCP-6944-A

> 

> **Interviewer:** O5-██/O5-█

> 

> **Interviewee:** SCP-6944-A/Queen ███

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> ***<Begin Log>***

> 

> **O5-██:** Ok, let's get this over with. *<O5-██ places an SCP-6944 instance on a surface containing the 26 letters of the English alphabet.>* You wanted to talk to the council. You got it. Now talk.

> 

> *<The lens of the SCP-6944 instance begins vibrating.>*

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** You're not the one I am to meet.

> 

> **O5-██:** Yeah, they couldn't make it physically. If I understand correctly, you can hear any audio within range of this SCP-6944 instance, yes?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Correct.

> 

> **O5-██:** Excellent. I have a laptop here that will call the person you wished to speak with. Is this acceptable?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Let me speak with them and it will be.

> 

> *<O5-██ sets up a speaker, opens the laptop and begins typing. After 20 seconds the voice of O5-█ begins speaking.>*

> 

> **O5-█:** Am I speaking with SCP-6944-A?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** You are. Am I speaking with █████ ████████?

> 

> **O5-█:** It's been a long time since I heard that name. So, what do you want to talk about?

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** Not me. My queen. 

> 

> **O5-█:** Get to the point.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** When I came to this world I was given the mission of establishing a connection between yourself and her majesty Queen ███. What was left of my time in Corbenic will be used to pay the cost.

> 

> **O5-█:** Very well then. Make the connection.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** I must ask that your servant leave the room.

> 

> **O5-█:** If he goes, the computer I am speaking through goes with him. Accept the conditions as they are or the conversation ends here.

> 

> **SCP-6944-A:** *<3 second pause.>* Fine then. Establishing connection.

> 

> *<The lens of the SCP-6944 instance begins glowing purple.>*

> 

> **███:** Greetings, █████ ████████, we speak at last. I am ███, Monarch to the Queendom of ██████ ██████.

> 

> **O5-█:** Your phanchettes are causing us a bit of trouble.

> 

> **███:** Marvelous design aren't they? Capable of establishing a mental link between worlds opposite each other in the mortal coil. Plus, they did manage to serve their purpose.

> 

> **O5-█:** So it seems. A little over the top though.

> 

> **███:** Well, not only did it have to get your attention, it also had to teach a lesson.

> 

> **O5-█:** What lesson would that be?

> 

> **███:** Don't waste your time with the dead, you will join them soon enough. This lesson had to be in place to hide our true intent from the Mistress.

> 

> **O5-█:** Who is this Mistress, and why would you have to hide your intent?

> 

> **███:** Who she is is not important to you. Just know you're safe because she does not want us to directly attack you.

> 

> **O5-█:** Well, that's... comforting. So, you wanted our attention, and now you have it. What do you want?

> 

> **███:** How familiar are you with the actions of the Three Moons?

> 

> **O5-█:** They don't exactly like sharing information, but we know they try to act as a police force here. 

> 

> **███:** Well, in our world, they watch all. Even our nation is caught under their unblinking eyes. But, while the Moons watched us, we watched them. Noticed they watched more than our world. They peer into the lives they might have had. Lives you are living now. Through our watching of their voyeurism we came to learn of two objects you have in your possession. Two parts of a long forgotten goddess. A [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2932 prison] and a [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6666 tree grown upside down].

> 

> **O5-█:** I believe I'm aware of the objects you're talking about. 

> 

> **███:** Excellent. Then our demands should be clear. We wish for you to reunite ███████ with her heart. Let her be whole again and bring the glory of the stars to your world.

> 

> **O5-█:** Why do you want us to do this? It's not like having her reborn here would do you any good.

> 

> **███:** This isn't for the sake of myself or my current subjects here in death. We are content with our Mistress. This is for the sake of [those that survived your holocaust](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/taboo). Those who escaped to ##green|the forest with no name##. ███████ has not passed to this world, her soul still lingers in yours. In our name, revive her. Then, she shall bring salvation to those in ##green|the nameless glen##.

> 

> **O5-█:** What makes you think that this idea will even work?

> 

> **███:** I don't. But I would say it's the least we could ask for as repayment for our extinction.

> 

> **O5-█:** Why do you even want this? Why do you care about the survivors in ##green|the disruptive woods##?

> 

> **███:** In my time in this world, having suffered the hell of being nameless, I learned empathy. We were given salvation from that hell by our Mistress. It pains me that this must be done without her awareness. But only the divine may reverse what you have done. She cannot help them from this world. So we must ask one who resides there.

> 

> **O5-█:** What if we refuse to do this? The heart helps contain things that we don't even have cataloged. Why should we risk ourselves for your wishes?

> 

> **███:** We are aware of what the Children of the Night have done after she gave them her heart. But the power of ███████ whole is greater than that of only her heart. If you wish upon her, she may dispatch those her heart imprisons.

> 

> **O5-█:** But what if she doesn't? What if she refuses everything asked of her?

> 

> **███:** Then what happens afterwards is your burden. However, if you were to refuse this request, then we will do all in our power to remove the veil from your world. We are done here.

> 

> *<The lens of the SCP-6944 instance stops glowing. O5-██ removes the instance from its surface, placing it in a transport case.>*

> 

> **O5-█:** ██, end the feed. We'll assemble the council shortly. It seems we have some things to discuss.

> 

> ***<End Log>***

Following Interview 6944-A/3 the O5 Council convened in order to determine what course of action should be done in response to Queen ███'s ultimatum. After deliberation, it was determined that GoI-4019 (Three Moons Initiative) should be contacted for information about ██████ ██████. Their response is as follows:

> {{**To:** o5command@foundation.scp}}

> {{**From:** gsniang@luna.wev (via [Lumulid](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2578) 4D-F)}}

> {{**Subject:** re: Queen ███'s planchettes}}

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> {{Foundation,}}

> 

> {{We're familiar with the nation of ██████ ██████, and their ruler Queen ███. While the news about these objects, designated SCP-6944, is very disturbing and this is typically something we would gladly give aid in; there's nothing we can do. Our current policy of non-communication with this nation, and their special designation of [Horeb](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/wielka-altana) in our files, forbids us from interfering on this matter.}}

> 

> {{The best advice we can give you is to redact Queen ███ and ██████ ██████ from your records. If she is watching your database through us, it's best not to give her concepts that are easy to follow. With remorse, we must apologize for the inconvenience, but our hands are tied. You're on your own.}}

> 

> {{**Eternal President Niang**}}

> {{Three Moons Initiative}}

> {{*You are Watched. You are Protected. You are Loved.*}}

<< [SCP-6943](SCP-6943) | SCP-6944 | [SCP-6945](SCP-6945) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
