#### SCP-6246

### Seeing the Sunset

Written by 

---

##### [Check out my author page!](jack-waltz )

**Item #:** SCP-6246

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6246 is uncontained, though its containment priority remains low. Sightings are to be disregarded as hoaxes and the use of other disinformation protocols or amnestics are permitted should they become necessary.

**Description:** SCP-6246 is an unidentified entity, presumed human, whose head is constantly enveloped by flames. The flames appear to burn indefinitely without an identified fuel source. Despite this, the individual remains unharmed and shows indifference to the fire's presence. At no point has it been sighted without this defining feature which heavily obscures its face, preventing identification. SCP-6246 is responsive to external stimuli, aside from the flames, and is non-hostile.

SCP-6246 is of average height, approximately 1.8 metres tall, and is usually seen wearing a coat and cargo pants. However, variations in its attire have been noted throughout all of its manifestations. 

The entity manifests via teleportation. Following their arrival at a location, SCP-6246 will remain at the site, usually unmoving, for approximately 10-20 minutes before demanifesting. Any other anomalous properties SCP-6246 may possess are unknown.

No discerning correlation has been identified between the locations in which it has been sighted, though a noted detail between all these locations includes their remoteness to human habitation alongside low levels of pollution. Further details have yet to be identified.

**Addendum 6246.1 -- DISCOVERY:** SCP-6246 was not initially recognised as an anomaly and was thought to be an urban legend due to the majority of sightings being reported on Parawatch.net, a popular site with a userbase focusing on speculating the existence of anomalous phenomena.

Though initially disregarded as a hoax, SCP-6246's existence was later confirmed once a Foundation agent, Finley Moss, encountered the anomaly while on duty.

---

*Moss is driving alone on a road with fields on either side. He continues driving for some time until he notices a pillar of smoke in the distance.*

*He slows down, observing the rising smoke. Moss looks down at his watch and then stops the car at the edge of the road. He gets out and climbs over a wire fence to investigate the source and enters the field.*

*As Moss moves further in, pushing aside the tall grass, a clearing comes into view. An individual (SCP-6246) remains standing in the centre wearing a brown coat and beige cargo pants. It is alone in the small clearing, with its hands in its coat's pockets.*

*Moss notices the entity's head aflame, alongside its unresponsive attitude, and retreats several steps. He pulls out his pistol, press checks it, and slowly walks out into the clearing. Agent Moss' aim is held on the entity as he moves forward, enough to see the front of its head. Its face is obscured by the flames. It makes no response to Moss.*

*Moss remains in this stance for several minutes, unmoving, but eventually lowers his pistol.*

**SCP-6246:** Was wondering when you'd put it down.

*The wind picks up and the tall grass around the two waves. The flames on the entity's head flicker and crack.*

**SCP-6246:** Nice breeze, don't you think?

*Moss hesitates.*

**Agent Moss:** Yeah. I-- It's nice. It's cool.

*The two stare into the distance. The wind calms.*

*As the evening gets darker, the sound of insects chirping rises. The wind picks up again and the grass rustles. The branches of trees in the distance do too.*

**SCP-6246:** Well, you've been standing with me for a while. What's your name?

**Agent Moss:** Oh, Finley. That's my name.

**SCP-6246:** So, what are you up to here?

**Agent Moss:** What?

**SCP-6246:** Well, you came to me now, didn't you?

**Agent Moss:** Oh, yeah, uh, I did.

**SCP-6246:** Why?

**Agent Moss:** I, uh, had some time on my hands, and I thought I might take a look to see if it's a fire, you know. And then I saw you.

**SCP-6246:** Mhm.

*There is a pause between the two.*

*The sky, previously clear, now has a single large cloud moving across it. The moon has come up, though is faint since there is still light. The cloud slowly drifts towards it.*

**Agent Moss:** So, uh, what about you?

*The entity raises its head and looks up at the moon, soon to be obscured by the cloud. Several moos are heard. Agent Moss looks around, though is unable to identify the source.*

**SCP-6246:** I like seeing views like this. Listening to them. Feeling them. Special ones like these.

*The wind rushes once more. A mosquito lands on the back of Moss' hand. He flicks it away.*

*The entity scratches its neck.*

**SCP-6246:** There are lovely moments everywhere. Perfect ones. Anywhere and where ever, you'll always find them. They'll always happen.

*The sun has almost set and now the flame on the entity's head mostly illuminates the darkness.*

**SCP-6246:** I like travelling to those places. The places where they happen.

**Agent Moss:** So that's why you're out here?

**SCP-6246:** I want to see them all. Feel them all. Smell them all. Even taste them if I could! Hah! Though, sadly, they only ever happen once. And sometimes, I'm not even there to see them in their glory.

*Another moo is heard. The sun has finally set, leaving only an orange glow from below the horizon.*

**SCP-6246:** What'd you think of it?

*There is a pause from Moss.*

**Agent Moss:** I thought it was beautiful.

*The chirping of crickets is now loudest. Bats fly above, clicking.*

**SCP-6246:** Me too. Me too. [I'm glad you liked it.](in-a-new-light )

*The two continue watching the horizon.*

**Agent Moss:** Oh, uh, you didn't tell me your--

*Moss turns around, though the entity is not beside him. He looks around, though cannot find it.*

*The silhouette of a cow emerges from behind some grass and moos once more.*

*Moss stops searching and looks up at the moon. The cloud moves away, revealing it.*

*Moss sits on the ground and looks at the pistol in his hands. He drops it and covers his eyes with the back of his elbow. He sighs.*

---

---

---

<< [SCP-6245](SCP-6245) | SCP-6246 | [SCP-6247](SCP-6247) >>

=====

> **Filename:** sunset.jpg

> **Name:** File:Sunset_and_Tall_Grass_-_panoramio.jpg

> **Author:** Shane Smith

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sunset_and_Tall_Grass_-_panoramio.jpg)

=====
