:root {

  ~~logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/secure-facility-dossier-site-58/58logo.png);

  --title: "SITE-58:";

  --subtitle: "BRIDGING THE GAPS BETWEEN US";

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 4/6506 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 4/6506 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6506 is currently held in high-security anomalous items storage at Site-17. One member of containment staff capable of lucid dreaming must sleep with SCP-6506 under their pillow on a biweekly basis to screen SCP-6506's current status and mental health. 

**NOTICE:** Following Incident 6506-1, no Foundation personnel below clearance level 4 are permitted access to SCP-6506 or relevant documentation. 

**Description:** SCP-6506 is a small doll superficially resembling a human female. It is constructed from a mixture of cotton fabric, wool, and wood. 

SCP-6506's anomalous properties manifest when it is placed under the pillow of a sleeping human. Individuals who have slept with SCP-6506 underneath their pillow report having dreams relating to stress or worries that are occurring in their lives. During this dream, a female figure made of cloth matching SCP-6506's description will manifest and begin to interact with the dream. Reports claim that this figure "removes the worry", and that the dream turns peaceful after the figure demanifests. Subjects report feeling an increased sense of calm and peace upon waking. 

**Incident Report 6506-1:** On May 5th, 2022, SCP-6506 was stolen from anomalous item storage at Site-43 alongside a prototype Neuron Imaging Engine (NIE)A machine [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4321 designed to detect sensory information during REM sleep and convert it into a video format.] The NIE stolen was a prototype for a portable, undetectable model that sticks to the side of the temple. This prototype model also permits a transmission of auditory and visual information with an external viewer using a cellphone sized external device.. It was returned two weeks later with the following appended to its official file.

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**NOTE:** Footage recorded by the NIE takes place in the first person. Analysis of data from the NIE used revealed the subject in question to be Dr. Ash Joydever, a senior researcher from the Memetics Department.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Footage begins, showcasing a small room reminiscent of a Foundation interrogation room. There is a small table. Dr. Joydever appears to be sitting at it. After approximately two minutes, SCP-6506 manifests.]*

**Joydever:** Excellent. You're here.

**SCP-6506:** ...You are aware of me. A lucid dreamer, then?

**Joydever:** My background demands it. A certain level of control over your subconscious can prove vital when interacting with particular anomalies. 

**SCP-6506:** This makes my work easier, then. What is your worry? Point me to it so I might remove it for you.

*[Joydever appears to shake his head]*

**Joydever:** No. This isn't about me. I need to ask you a few questions, and then you're going to help me.

*[SCP-6506's face grows terse, but it does not respond. The room shakes slightly for a moment before settling.]*

**Joydever:** First, are there any restrictions on who your abilities work on?

**SCP-6506:** No. As long as the person can dream, I can assist. It is my role to assist. 

**Joydever:** Good. And you've never failed at removing someone's anxieties, correct?

*[SCP-6506 does not respond, turning its eyes towards its lap. Its hands are balled into fists, and it fidgets with its dress.]*

**Joydever:** I need you to explain. 

**SCP-6506:** Anxieties and dreams are complicated. I imagine that someone like yourself is aware of that. Some anxieties involve problems I cannot address, or are deeply hidden away in a place I cannot reach. I cannot solve every problem, but I can at least leave a sense of peace.

**Joydever:** So they'll at least come away feeling better?

**SCP-6506:** Yes. I am Ixmucane, a Muñeca quitapena. It is my duty to ease the pain of those who use me. 

**Joydever:** Good enough. 

**SCP-6506:** You wanted my aid, yes? Is it with that?

*[SCP-6506 looks down towards Joydever's hands. Joydever likewise looks down, revealing that his hands are bound with a pair of handcuffs.]*

**Joydever:** No. I already told you, this isn't about me. It's about her.

*[A female figure dressed in a Foundation lab coat manifests beside the table. She appears exhausted, with deep, dark circles around her eyes. Her hair is tied back in a messy ponytail. The sound of a heartbeat can be heard for a moment.]*

**Joydever:** Dr. Esperanza Velasco-Iglesias. A colleague of mine. Her work quality has decreased dramatically this past year. It's starting to cause problems, and she won't talk to me or anyone else about it. 

**SCP-6506:** So you need me to enter her dreams and remove the problem, correct?

**Joydever:** Yes. Will you help me? 

*[SCP-6506 looks to Joydevor's wrists, then around the room. It appears to crack a slight smile.]*

**SCP-6506:** I will.

*[The footage is cut.]*

---

[END LOG]

---

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Footage begins in what appears to be a church, looking down an aisle of pews that extends far into the horizon. The room is narrow, and appears to be in a general state of disrepair.]*

**SCP-6506:** What is this?

*[Joydevor's voice can be heard from an unknown source.]*

**Joydevor:** Oh! It actually worked!

**SCP-6506:** What worked? Where are you?

**Joydevor:** I'm still in the real world. It was a shot in the dark, but I hooked you up to an NIE.

**SCP-6506:** You attached something to my physical body?

**Joydevor:** It's just a machine that lets us at the Foundation see into dreams and talk to people in them. I can see everything through your eyes right now.

**SCP-6506:** This feels rather invasive. 

**Joydevor:** You agreed to help. Just cooperate.

*[SCP-6506 looks down, bringing the camera's perspective to the floor. It looks at its arms, inspecting the seams, before inspecting the rest of its body.]*

**SCP-6506:** I appear to be unharmed from whatever process you've put me through, so I suppose I'm willing to assist. 

*[SCP-6506 attempts to begin walking down the aisle, but is interrupted by the sound of wooden doors opening behind it. It turns around, revealing a woman standing in the church's doorway. She trembles slightly.]*

**Joydevor:** Esperanza!

**SCP-6506:** Are you certain? This does not look like the same woman from your dream before.

**Joydevor:** It's her, I'd recognize her anywhere. Besides, this is her dream after all. 

*[Iglesias begins walking down the aisle. Her pace is slow and uncertain. She passes through SCP-6506 and heads towards the altar. SCP-6506 follows.]*

**Joydevor:** Is there any way that you can make this go any faster? 

**SCP-6506:** I cannot. If I interfere in the wrong place, I could miss the anxiety I'm meant to target. If you want me to ease this woman's pain, then we need to experience this as it exists. The dreams I enter are often constructed from specific memories or experiences that one finds traumatic. 

*[As Iglesias continues down the aisle, figures manifest in the pews. They appear to all be the same figure, an elderly Hispanic woman with her hands clasped in prayer. A red stain appears on her chest, and the figures raise their heads and look towards Iglesias as she walks by. Iglesias meets their gaze and begins to run. As she runs, a voice can be heard echoing through the church.]*

**Voice:** ¿Qué tienes, mijo?

*[Iglesias continues running down the aisle. After several minutes she reaches the altar and falls to her knees. She kneels and clasps her hands together.]*

**Joydevor:** She's saying something, get closer so we can hear.

*[SCP-6506 approaches Iglesias. Even though her lips move, no sound can be heard.]*

**Joydevor:** Are you close enough? Why can't I hear anything?

**SCP-6506:** There are a myriad of answers to that question, any as likely as the other. She could simply not be saying anything, she could be trying to speak and nothing is coming out, and so forth. 

*[A voice booms through the room, causing Iglesias to jump.]*

**Voice:** Come, my child. I will hear your confession.

*[Iglesias looks towards the side of the altar. A confessions booth has appeared. She rises to unsteady feet and approaches. SCP-6506 follows, peering into the priest's side of the booth. A man dressed in a stained white robe sits within. The camera pans up, revealing his face. He's young, with short, curly red hair and freckles across his face.]*

**Joydevor:** Why the hell does he look like me?!

**SCP-6506:** Are you not a priest in your free time?

**Joydevor:** One, I don't have free time. Two, *clearly* I'm not a priest.

**SCP-6506:** Did she happen to see you shortly before falling asleep? Human brains cannot make up faces, it merely fills them in with the features of people they already know. 

**Iglesias:** F-forgive me, father, for I have sinned.

**Priest:** Confess your sins to me, child, so they might be forgiven.

*[SCP-6506 approaches Iglesias's side of the booth and peers in. Iglesias holds a strip of cloth and wrings it in her hands. She glances towards the other side of the booth, before looking back to the cloth in her hands. She breathes heavily.]*

**Joydevor:** Shit, shit!

**SCP-6506:** What's wrong?

**Joydevor:** Someone's coming. I have to disconnect you, just...get her to the point already!

**SCP-6506:** I've already told you, I cannot speed the process up! 

**Joydevor:** We don't have a choice right now, just get it out of her!

*[SCP-6506 sighs, and waves an arm in the air. The scene speeds up. Iglesias sits in her booth silent for several moments, and then begins speaking.]*

**SCP-6506:** I cannot hear her, I'm going to miss it!

**Joydevor:** Shit we're out of time!

*[The scene is abruptly halted. Iglesias throws her head back and shouts.]*

**Iglesias:** I think I just killed my mother.

*[The feed suddenly cuts out.]*

---

[END LOG]

---

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Footage begins in the interrogation room dreamscape seen in the prior log. The room appears slightly more damaged than before, with a small crack running down one of the walls. The camera pans down, showing Joydevor's handcuffed wrists. The camera snaps back up as SCP-6506 manifests.]*

**SCP-6506:** I can promise you that whatever your goal is, you are more likely to achieve it if you aren't attempting to be discreet about it.

**Joydevor:** What am I supposed to do? "Hey Esperanza, I stole an SCP and some expensive equipment. Put this under your pillow so I can pry into your mind."

**SCP-6506:** There is no way to frame your actions that makes this anything other than invasive, are you aware of this?

*[Joydevor sighs, placing his hands on his head.]*

**SCP-6506:** ...We simply try it again. Whatever it was you did prior.

**Joydevor:** I just walked into the breakroom. Esperanza takes a nap every day around 1pm, and she's the only one in the room at that time, especially recently. 

**SCP-6506:** So what interrupted us this time?

**Joydevor:** Some jackass new recruit looking for directions or some stupid shit like that. 

**SCP-6506:** Is there not an easier way to do this?

**Joydevor:** The only easier way to do this would be to directly break into her house with you. I'm...doing enough messed up stuff right now. I can't take it that far.

**SCP-6506:** But you can.

**Joydevor:** I'm *not* breaking into her house!

**SCP-6506:** You don't need to be the one to do it. Allow me to do it.

**Joydevor:** How? You're a doll! You can't move, you're basically nonanomalous when not in a dream!

*[SCP-6506 sighs, shaking its head.]*

**SCP-6506:** Simply give me to her. Tell her it is one of my children.

**Joydevor:** One of your what?

**SCP-6506:** Just tell her it's another doll! Another Muñeca quitapena! My people still make them, it isn't impossible that there's another that looks like me. 

**Joydevor:** Alright, that makes enough sense. I'll hook the equipment to you and...give you to her.

*[The room trembles for a moment. SCP-6506 looks around.]*

**SCP-6506:** We can make this work.

*[The footage is cut.]*

---

[END LOG]

---

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Footage begins, showcasing a small kitchen. Two figures stand side-by-side next to the sink. One is an older, stout woman. The other is Esperanza Velasco-Iglesias. SCP-6506 exhales, its breath fogging the air.]*

**SCP-6506:** Success. So you do know how to talk to women. I was beginning to become concerned.

**Joydevor:** Ignoring that. Why isn't this the church?

**SCP-6506:** Why do you ask so many questions? The answers should be obvious enough. You've had more than one dream before, yes?

*[Joydevor is silent.]*

**SCP-6506:** Good. Now watch. Quietly.

*[The woman next to Iglesias finishes washing a plate and holds it up. She runs her finger over it, and nods with a smile. She turns as if to hand it to Iglesias, who doesn't notice, before putting it back into the sink and washing it once more.]*

**Iglesias:** Mamá, ya lo ha lavado. Está limpio.

**Joydevor:** Hold on, I think this thing has an automatic translator…there.

**SCP-6506:** It wasn't an issue for me.

**Joydevor:** Yeah but it was for me. I'd rather be able to understand what's being said myself.

**Iglesias:** Mama, it's fine. You don't need to wash it.

**Mrs. Iglesias:** It's filthy still, I haven't cleaned this one yet!

**Iglesias:** Yes, you have! You just cleaned it a moment ago!

*[Mrs. Iglesias holds the plate up. She examines it closely, furrowing her brow.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Yes… yes I suppose I have.

*[The two continue washing dishes in silence.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** When is that Irish boy coming back over? He was such a nice young man.

*[Iglesias sighs. Tears well in the corners of her eyes.]*

**Iglesias:** Mama, we haven't dated each other since we were 15. He's not coming back around.

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Oh… right. That's right. But I haven't seen him in such a long time it seems! Aren't you two still dating?

*[Iglesias turns to Mrs. Iglesias and gives a halfhearted smile.]*

**Iglesias:** Here, I'll finish washing the dishes. Just… go get ready for bed, mama.

*[Iglesias grabs a knife from the pile of dishes next to the sink and begins washing it.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Thank you, Enrique. You're such a good boy.

*[The knife slips, cutting Iglesias's palm. He holds in it place, staring blankly at the sink.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Enrique? What happened? Did you cut your hand again?

**Iglesias:** Stop calling me that. I'm not Enrique. You know I'm not Enrique. I haven't been Enrique since I was 16.

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Oh, oh! I'm so sorry Esperanza, I didn't mean to forget. You know these things take time, and it wasn't all that long ago you told me. I'm going to make mistakes.

**Iglesias:** I'm 34, mom. I told you 18 years ago.

**Mrs. Iglesias:** You… did?

*[Iglesias begins sobbing. Mrs. Iglesias attempts to hold her shoulder, but Iglesias shakes her off.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Enrique…

**Iglesias:** Where is my mom?

**Mrs. Iglesias:** What?

**Iglesias:** WHERE IS MY MOM? I'm tired of this… this… stranger who looks like her. I just want my mom back. I want the woman who held me and told me that she loved her daughter with all her heart. The woman who never slipped up once after. I don't know who this is in my house but it isn't my mom, and I'm tired of seeing her.

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Esperanza…

*[Mrs. Iglesias attempts to hug Iglesias. Iglesias turns and shoves her away, causing her to stumble back into the counter and onto the floor. The knife she was holding prior clatters to the counter. She brings both of her hands to her mouth and gasps. There is a bloodstain on Mrs. Iglesias's blouse, over her heart. It grows and expands outwards until her entire blouse is covered in blood, and begins pooling on the floor. Iglesias steps backwards, grabs the knife, and runs.]*

*[SCP-6506 is forcibly dragged after Iglesias as she runs through a black void.]*

**Joydevor:** What's going on? Why haven't you done anything yet?

**SCP-6506:** I haven't identified how to address this issue yet.

**Joydevor:** Just grab the knife! Problem solved!

**SCP-6506:** That isn't how it works! It's more complex than that!

*[Iglesias flickers out of existence before reappearing.]*

**SCP-6506:** We're out of time. She's waking up.

**Joydevor:** Come on, just a little longer!

*[The footage abruptly ends.]*

---

[END LOG]

---

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[The footage opens in the interrogation room once more. The room is even more dilapidated than before, with a web of cracks forming on the walls. Puddles of water have begun to form on the floor.]*

**Joydevor:** How the hell do you work.

**SCP-6506:** I'm sorry?

**Joydevor:** What the hell do I need to do to make you work? How do I get you to do your one function?

**SCP-6506:** You are taking your frustrations out on me, and I will not tolerate it. Take a moment to gather your thoughts before continuing.

*[Joydevor slams his head down on the table and takes a deep breath. He lifts his head once more, shaking it.]*

**Joydevor:** …I'm sorry. You've done nothing but try to help me, and I'm not being fair.

**SCP-6506:** Thank you. Now then, to best answer your question…I do my best to give people the answer or response that they need. Some people simply need a hug from someone, so I do that. Some need to just be told it's ok, so I do that.

**Joydevor:** So what do you need to do here?

**SCP-6506:** I don't know, and at this point I'm not certain the answers lie in Iglesias's dreams.

**Joydevor:** Not like we can get back in there again. The face she gave me when she shoved you in my hands and said that you didn't work at all!

*[Iglesias manifests next to the table. Her face is contorted into a scowl.]*

**SCP-6506:** Unfortunate, but expected.

**Joydevor:** That said, I think we have another option.

*[Mrs. Iglesias manifests in the room.]*

**SCP-6506:** Mrs. Iglesias?

**Joydevor:** She isn't dead. I checked the police and hospital records after last night. She was admitted to one of the local hospitals about a month ago. That said, I do have a question for you.

**SCP-6506:** Yes?

**Joydevor:** Do you work on people with concussions?

**SCP-6506:** I…should? I'm not certain but I imagine it should work.

**Joydevor:** Good. Let's get into Mrs. Iglesias's head.

---

[END LOG]

---

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[The footage opens on the Iglesias family kitchen. The room is bathed in a soft yellow light. Mrs. Iglesias and a young child, believed to be Iglesias, stand over the counter. She guides the child's hand as they carefully chop avocados. They flicker for a moment.]*

**SCP-6506:** I see you were successful.

**Joydevor:** Just a matter of telling the hospital you're here to visit someone. We shouldn't have any interruptions. 

**SCP-6506:** This seems stable enough as a dreamscape. 

*[SCP-6506 looks over to the pair chopping avocados. At one point the knife slips, cutting the child's hand. She begins to cry.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Shh..shh...it's ok, my love. It's ok. Here let me see.

*[The child holds their hand out. Mrs. Iglesias wets a washcloth and presses it against the cut, giving it a gentle kiss.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** There, not so bad, see? 

**Iglesias:** N-no.

**Mrs. Iglesias:** You have to be careful in the kitchen, especially around knives. Mistakes happen, but remember! You can't let this scare you away from trying again. 

*[Iglesias nods.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Let's get that wrapped up properly, and then we can finish the guacamole, ok?

*[The two vanish from the room. Mrs. Iglesias then reappears at the sink. Iglesias, now in her early teens, peeks through the doorway.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Enrique? Did you need something?

**Iglesias:** No, it's nothing. Never mind.

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Hold it, I know something's wrong. It's all over your face, my love. Come, sit. 

*[Iglesias hesitantly enters the room and sits at the table. Iglesias places her hands in her lap with a tight grip. Mrs. Iglesias walks over with a plate of croquetas. She places it on the table and takes a seat.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Come, eat. You'll feel better.

**Iglesias:** I'm fine, mama.

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Enrique, I asked if you wanted a croqueta! 

*[Iglesias's eyes go wide and she quickly grabs a croqueta. She takes a bite.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** There, now tell mama what's wrong.

**Iglesias:** Mama...I...I think I'm...

*[Iglesias pauses, as if considering what to say.]*

**Iglesias:** I'm gay.

*[Mrs. Iglesias's smile fades, and she stands. She walks over to Iglesias, who winces. She kneels and places her hands on Iglesias's shoulders.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Enrique. You are the light of my life. I am more proud of you than you could possibly imagine. Thank you for telling me, my love. 

*[Iglesias pushes her face into Mrs. Iglesias's shoulder and begins sobbing. She embraces her, rubbing a hand over the back of her head. They fade.]*

*[Mrs. Iglesias appears in the kitchen once again, washing dishes. The room has changed, with a few black spots appearing in various places in the room. Iglesias, now slightly older than before, runs in sobbing. They grab Mrs. Iglesias from behind, who drops a plate that shatters in the sink.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Enrique! You can't startle me like that! I could've-

*[She turns and realizes that Iglesias is sobbing into her blouse.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** ...My love, what's wrong?

**Iglesias:** That stupid *asshole*-

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Enrique Velasco-Iglesias you watch your mouth!

**Iglesias:** Sorry, mama, it's just...Ash broke up with me! 

**Joydevor:** Shit...

**SCP-6506:** What's wrong?

**Joydevor:** Nothing. Just...keep watching. 

*[Mrs. Iglesias guides Iglesias off of her and gently grips her shoulders.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Enrique, I want you to listen and listen well. You're going to meet a lot of men in your life. Some of them are going to seem absolutely wonderful and perfect, and they'll sing your praises before vanishing someday. Others are going to be awful from the start, and make you think that you're the reason they can't be happy with themselves. Some will be a mix of the two. Someday, though? You will find someone who is neither. Someone who is kind and supportive, who loves you unconditionally and will always be there for you. Ash just wasn't that boy. 

*[Iglesias sniffles.]*

**Iglesias:** How can you believe that? 

**Mrs. Iglesias:** You don't have to have lived it to know it's true, my love. You are a special, wonderful person. Don't let anyone make you forget that. 

*[They fade once again. Shortly after, Mrs. Iglesias reappears in the kitchen once more. She's holding a knife over an avocado, but when she moves to cut it she misses. This occurs several times before she places the knife down in frustration. Several more black spots begin to manifest in the kitchen.]*

*[She steps away and walks towards the kitchen table, grabbing a photo off the nearby counter before sitting down. She runs a finger over it. Tears well in her eyes.]*

*[The kitchen vanishes, and Mrs. Iglesias stands in a black void. A voice can be heard echoing around.]*

**Voice:** Mama? I'm home!

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Who are you? What are you doing in my house?!

**Voice:** Mama, are you ok? It's me!

**Mrs. Iglesias:** I don't know who you are! You need to leave right now!

**Voice:** Mama come on, it's me! It's Esperanza!

**Mrs. Iglesias:** How many times do I have to repeat myself?! Get out! Get out!

**SCP-6506:** I know what to do.

**Joydevor:** Do it, then. Whatever you need to do.

*[SCP-6506 approaches Mrs. Iglesias and gently grabs her shoulders.]*

**SCP-6506:** Show me where she hurt you. 

*[The kitchen manifests once more, though large portions of it remain obscured by black spots. Mrs. Iglesias is washing dishes in the sink alongside Iglesias.]*

**Iglesias:** Mama, it's fine. You don't need to wash it.

**Mrs. Iglesias:** It's filthy still, I haven't cleaned this one yet!

**Iglesias:** Yes, you have! You just cleaned it a moment ago!

*[SCP-6506 watches as the scene unfolds once again. As Iglesias begins shouting at her mother, her face changes back and forth between her true appearance and her appearance as a child. She shoves her mother, who stumbles backwards into the table and falls to the floor. Iglesias raises her hands to her mouth, and vanishes. SCP-6506 approaches Mrs. Iglesias. It grabs her shoulders and lifts her back to her feet before wrapping her in a gentle embrace. She speaks in Iglesias's voice.]*

**SCP-6506:** I'm sorry, mama. I'm so sorry. Please, forgive me.

*[Mrs. Iglesias wraps her arms around SCP-6506.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** It's ok, my love. I'm sorry, too. I'm sorry I haven't been there.

*[The dream fades as Mrs. Iglesias begins to wake up.]*

---

[END LOG]

---

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Iglesias:** I *know* my mother is in the hospital, Ash. 

**Joydevor:** Yeah, yeah, and you need to come see something.

**Iglesias:** What could you possibly have to show me, Ash? Haven't you done enough?

**Joydevor:** Just...look. 

*[Joydevor opens Mrs. Iglesias's hospital door. She sits up in bed, and smiles towards her daughter.]*

**Iglesias:** Mama...?

**Mrs. Iglesias:** It's me, Esperanza. 

*[Iglesias runs over and embraces her mother, sobbing.]*

**Iglesias:** Mama, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you, I shouldn't have-

*[Mrs. Iglesias wraps her arms around her daughter, and gently rubs the back of her head.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** You already apologized, Esperanza. It's ok, it's ok. I'm sorry I haven't been there for you recently. I'm sorry that I keep forgetting how proud I am of the beautiful young woman I raised.

**Iglesias:** It's not your fault, mama. It isn't fair of me to hold it against you. You can't help it.

**Mrs. Iglesias:** How about this.

*[They let go of one another.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** I'll do everything I can to hold onto you. *You* you. Notes, messages, medicine, whatever it takes. In turn, promise me something.

**Iglesias:** Yes, mama?

**Mrs. Iglesias:** Promise me that you'll still let me be your mama no matter what.

*[Iglesias laughs, wiping a tear. She smiles.]*

**Iglesias:** Of course, mama.

*[The room returns to the Foundation interrogation room. The walls are still cracked, and there is still water on the floor.]*

**SCP-6506:** I told you before, some things I cannot fix. 

**Joydevor:** Yeah, I know. I get what you mean now. 

**SCP-6506:** But, things tend to work out in the end. I believe we can say we successfully removed the worry here. 

**Joydevor:** Yeah, we did. Thank you for your help, 6506. Though I have to ask, why *did* you help? 

*[SCP-6506 smiles, and taps a hand on Joydevor's handcuffs.]*

**Joydevor:** I told you before, this isn't about me. 

**SCP-6506:** I know. My job is to ease the worries and stress of those who sleep with me under their pillow, through any means possible. 

*[It stands, and approaches the cracked walls.]*

**SCP-6506:** Sometimes it's an easy job. Sometimes it's difficult. I don't always succeed, but...

*[SCP-6506 slaps its hand against the wall, causing it to crack apart. The walls fall away, and the room changes to match the Iglesias family kitchen. Mrs. Iglesias manifests across from Joydevor.]*

**Joydevor:** How did you...?

**Mrs. Iglesias:** My dear Enrique is a special child, Ash. You know that as well as I do. Enrique is going to meet a lot of men in his life. Some will take advantage of him, but someone someday will truly love him. They'll put Enrique first, and they'll do everything they can to make him smile. Will that be you, Ash? 

*[Joydevor doesn't respond. Mrs. Iglesias smiles.]*

**Mrs. Iglesias:** It's a lot to ask a child, I know. Let's just say I have faith that you'll do the right thing. 

*[Mrs. Iglesias vanishes. SCP-6506 walks back over and sits at the table. She reaches over and taps a finger against Joydevor's handcuffs.]*

**SCP-6506:** You did the right thing.

*[Joydevor's handcuffs open and fall off. He looks his wrists over before looking back up to SCP-6506]*

**Joydevor:** Thank you. 

---

[END LOG]

<< [SCP-6505](SCP-6505) | SCP-6506 | [SCP-6507](SCP-6507) >>
