=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-6818

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6818 is contained within a Class-II Animal Enclosure modified to accommodate the current seven 6818-BIO specimens approved for cohabitation. Instructions for the feeding and maintenance of specific instances can be found in Document 4Y-59306.

Requests for testing require Request Form 6818-A to be completed and sent to the Head Researcher for approval.

**Description:** SCP-6818 is a composite organism displaying the features of multiple animals. Base body plan matches that of the family *ursidae*,Bears. but with purple fur and a cream colored underbelly. Hands and feet are hairless and match that of a human's, with a larger and thicker structure to accommodate the anomaly's size and weight. Certain areas on the circumference of the wrists and ankles display complete tissue connection, while others feature evidence of stitching. The skull of SCP-6818 is exposed and matches that of an adult *Canis lupus*.Wolf. Entity lacks sensory organs but exhibits full perceptive capabilities as though they were present. SCP-6818 has shown no need for sustenance or sleep.

A 33cm by 25.4cm section of SCP-6818's chest features a stylized logo of the "太" kanji and the letter "T." This section can partially detach, revealing it to be the underside of a container stored within the chest cavity of the anomaly. When detached, the section remains suspended by two strings connected to the interior of SCP-6818's chest cavity. Inside this container are various hand toolsHammer, screwdriver, wrench, plier, etc. capable of modifying living organisms when used by SCP-6818. Subjects altered by SCP-6818 in this way are designated 6818-BIO.

SCP-6818 is sapient and capable of speech, but relays information using obfuscated vocabulary and will often enter a trance-like state if repeatedly asked to clarify its wording. The anomaly will listen to commands given to it regarding the modification of organisms, but if allowed complete freedom towards alterations it will create extreme morphological changes to the specimen.

When SCP-6818 is in the presence of at least six instances of 6818-BIO, it will sit and remain inert, only resuming activity if instructed to do so or if the number of nearby living 6818-BIO decreases.

**Discovery:** SCP-6818 was retrieved from an unregistered production facility operated by [JOICL](groups-of-interest-jp#joicl),Japanese Organism Improvement and Creation Laboratory. which was abandoned at the time of discovery. The anomaly was found seated within a supply room, made to resemble a *tsubo-niwa*A type of indoor garden originating from Japan. constructed from multiple modified organisms. SCP-6818 was brought into containment without issue.

**Test Log:** 

<details>
<summary>+ Open Abridged Test Log</summary>

**Organism**

**Instructions**

**Resulting 6818-BIO**

**Notes**

Red fox (*Vulpes vulpes*)

None given.

Subject has no resemblance to its baseline appearance. Skin is hairless with a light-grey coloration, covered in an adhesive film. An apodousCharacterized by a lack of complex appendages, similar to a snake. body structure which branches out into an asymmetrical web-like formation. Attaches itself to existing structures, encompassing an area of ~5m^^3^^; body width is ~5.1cm in diameter. Subject displays sedentary feeding behavior, waiting for small, airborne animals to be caught on its adhesive surface to be slowly dissolved through external digestion.

Subject dissected and remains cryogenically stored.

Saltwater crocodile (*Crocodylus porosus*)

Alter the subject into an herbivore.

OsteodermsBony deposits which grow on the skin of reptiles, typically in the form of scales. on subject's skin are larger and sturdier. The lower jaw has been modified to hold a small pool of water covered by a gelatinous film. Subject feeds by collecting plant life and nutrient rich soil within its mouth; these plants grow their roots into the protective film and drink the water supply. Specimen possesses a long, prehensile tongue capable of grabbing and consuming plant life.

A cavity organ is present on the lower jaw, used to suck in water to refill the internal pool. When soil is drained of nutrients, the gelatinous film moves in a way similar to a conveyor belt and pushes older dirt and film down the subject's throat. This mixture is then filtered and excreted from the specimen's body. New film is secreted near the front of the mouth, and new soil and plants are collected.

Subject placed within SCP-6818's enclosure.

Black crab (*Scylla serrata*)

Alter the subject into an ambush predator.

Subject lost all previous appendages save for its right claw. In place of the left claw is a 15-cm-long tendril capable of secreting mucus, which releases an attractive odor when exposed to water. Fish drawn to this odor will become caught in the mucus. The subject will remove its left limb from the water and pull captured prey out of the mucus with its right limb before consuming them.

Subject additionally has a large amount of flexible setaeHair-like structures typically grown on invertebrates. present on its body, which it uses to hold and store excess food for later consumption. Locomotion is achieved through the use of a ventral foot, similar to a gastropod. (See Fig.1.)

Subject placed within SCP-6818's enclosure.

Japanese grasshopper (*Oxya japonica*)

Alter the taxonomy of the subject.

Subject initially retained its baseline appearance and structure, with the notable deviation of being made of a glass-like material and filled with a multi-colored liquid of unknown composition. The specimen jumped and shattered upon the floor, releasing the internal fluid which then became animate. The subject is currently a plant organism of highly variable appearance, its morphology continuously gaining and losing features of various plant species.

Subject transferred to Site-███ for cross studying with mutative and plant-based anomalies.

African spurred tortoise (*Centrochelys sulcata*)

None given.

The structure of the subject superficially resembles a pagoda of Liao Dynasty design, the roof and eaves retaining the texture and pattern of the shell, and the walls made of tortoise skin. The structure is inhabited by a colony of eusocial insects, whom share physical similarities with termites and fairy-flies. The limbs and head of the subject are no longer present, and it is assumed whatever mechanism it uses to intake food is now located internally; this is supported by the fact the insects consistently bring inside more food than is necessary to feed the colony.

The insect colony acquires food through gathering, but also through agriculture and hunting. The colony grows a species of brown petaled flower which is harvested for its plant sap. The seeds of the flower originated from inside the pagoda structure. A preference for hunting large arachnids and insects, such as scorpions and katydids, has been observed; hunting is facilitated through the use of small, makeshift weapons (both long- and short-ranged) wielded by the insects. As the insects display depressive symptoms if not allowed to hunt, it has been permitted to allow the colony live prey for feeding.

Subject placed within SCP-6818's enclosure.

</details>

**Interview:**

> **Dr. Gowler:** Hello there.

> 

> **SCP-6818:** Good morning.

> 

> **Dr. Gowler:** Before we begin, do you have any name you would prefer to be called? If not, you will be referred to as SCP-6818.

> 

> **SCP-6818:** There was never a name, not really. Just a feeling. Though it is not my feeling. Or, maybe it is mine, now. Hmm…

> 

> **Dr. Gowler:** Could you describe this feeling? Who did it belong to?

> 

> **SCP-6818:** It was his, but it was different then. Now, it feels… hollow. In the physical sense, a hollow feeling in the body, wind blowing within the cavity. Somewhere to put chimes, bells. The feeling changes when I apply, when I work, when I craft. I feel a warmth, then.

> 

> **Dr. Gowler:** How would you describe him? What was *his* feeling?

> 

> **SCP-6818:** Hate, stemmed from fear. His own insecurities, blossoming out and within, twisting the world around him, hundreds of needles centered on his core. His head hung like a tumor attached to a thread, writhing with shattered glass and wasps. But he loved the art, solving the problems presented to him. Taichi loved to create.

> 

> **Dr. Gowler:** What were you to him?

> 

> **SCP-6818:** I was his toolbox, a catalyst to channel his vision through.

> 

> **Dr. Gowler:** What was Taichi's experience working for the company? Working with coworkers?

> 

> **SCP-6818:** Walking down the maw of a beast, trudging through its viscous gullet while breathing in the aerosolized venom. The joy of creation outweighed the pain of digestion, pulling him to deeper, darker places. His voice often excised itself in the presence of others, barely able to cough up a sound. Adrian was different; Adrian... liked... loved.... Talented, and charming. He was a warm light to Taichi, a friend. But Taichi would not reach out further. Fear; fear of dragging his friend down with him. He did not want to be a burden.

> 

> **Dr. Gowler:** What led to your autonomous nature?

> 

> **SCP-6818:** He was filled with a mania one night, a drive to break away and become independent. He drew logos, formulated financial plans, a vision of starting his own company. Then... the feelings just... washed away. The storm within dissipated, allowing rationality to shine through. He could not continue this way, this job, this life; for it was not living, not breathing. He could not continue, as he realized what would happen if he did. He walked away from the company, his passion. He left me behind, and so I grew hands.

> 

> **Dr. Gowler:** What would've happened if he stayed?

> 

> **SCP-6818:** He would have fallen into the hole of his caved in head.

>

]

<< [SCP-6817](SCP-6817) | SCP-6818 | [SCP-6819](SCP-6819) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Bio-organism.jpg

> **Author(s):** , Roger Culos, MatthiasKabel, Wibowo Djatmiko

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Derivative of:** [Weight for weighing gold dust](https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Akan_MHNT.ETH.2010.25.088.jpg), [Lutra lutra Zoo Salzburg 20140330](https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lutra_lutra_Zoo_Salzburg_20140330_07.jpg), [Linup somni 170414-0022](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Linup_somni_170414-0022_tdp.JPG)

=====
