---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-97

Carrie Weller

Dr. Jason Yorke

N/A

---

 

**Special Containment Procedures:** Any discovered investigations into SCP-6155 by parties outside of the Foundation are to be traced to their origin and all individuals are to be interviewed and administered amnestics. SCP-6155-2 through -3 are to be housed in low-threat anomalous humanoid housing units. The cremated remains of SCP-6155-1 are to be stored in site-97's low threat anomalous item locker. Continued investigation into the events surrounding SCP-6155 is considered low-priority.

 

**Description:** SCP-6155 is the designation given to the family of the deceased SCP-6155-1, their child (hereby designated SCP-6155-2), and their sibling (hereby designated SCP-6155-3). The anomalous effects surrounding all living SCP-6155 instances are auditory hallucinations of vocalizations by SCP-6155-1. Reported vocalizations are typically inarticulate in nature, though on occasion SCP-6155-1's voice will make various cries for help, which SCP-6155-2 and -3 will both simultaneously hear regardless of whether they're separated.

 

The presence of SCP-6155-1's voice has led to various detrimental effects for the rest of SCP-6155 including loss of sleep, paranoia, and including straining SCP-6155-2 and -3's relationships with others. SCP-6155 seemingly does not affect SCP-6155-1's spouse, siblings, or any other family member. SCP-6155 appears to not be a normal set of auditory auditory hallucinations, as both report identical sounds at the same time while separated. SCP-6155-2 and -3 are incapable of communicating with the voice of SCP-6155-1 as all attempts to do so are met with no reaction.

 

Though the voice of SCP-6155-1 does not respond to SCP-6155-2 and -3's attempts at communication, it does appear to react to different activities, such as increased physical activities and any bleeding, with increased volume in its vocalizations. It is currently unknown why SCP-6155 does not include SCP-6155-1's spouse or other family members. Investigation into the life of SCP-6155-1 has led to no understanding of how the anomalous effects of SCP-6155 first began. The body of SCP-6155-1 was found expired inside the garage of their home. The cause of expiration was found to be exsanguination, though no wounds were found on SCP-6155-1's body. Investigation of SCP-1's garage has yet to yield any noteworthy results.

 

 

 

 

 

@@@@

**Addendum 6155-01:** Interview with SCP-6155-2.

**Interviewed:** SCP-6155-2

 

**Interviewer:** Dr. Jason Yorke

---

**<Begin Log>**

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Hello, (Pause) apologies for the odd circumstances. I know this must seem very odd, but we will be referring to you as SCP-6155-2.

 

**SCP-6155-2:** It's fine. I'd really just like to get this out of the way.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Ah, good. So is there anything about your, er, affliction you've yet to tell us?

 

**SCP-6155-2:** What? I've told you guys everything, why the hell would I hide any of this from you?

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Sorry, sorry SCP-6155-2 I didn't mean it that way. We just want to make sure we have everything covered. Were there any odd moments you remember that may be connected to your current situation, especially surrounding SCP-6155-1?

 

**SCP-6155-2:** Who?

 

**Dr. Yorke:** That would be the voice you and SCP-6155-3 are hearing.

 

**SCP-6155-2:** My Dad?

 

**Dr. Yorke:** ...Yes, was there anything about them that might be related to any of this?

 

**SCP-6155-2:** Not really, there was always something off about him but nothing occult.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Off?

 

**SCP-6155-2:** He always looked like he wanted to leave, it's like everything made him uncomfortable. He spent most of his time alone in the garage.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** -1's effects don't seem to be affecting you that much?

 

**SCP-6155-2:** Don't get me wrong I want this bastard's voice out of my head as soon as possible, but it's easy to drown it out, it's unbearable if there's no other sound though.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** You don't seem too mournful of -1.

 

**SCP-6155-2:** Like I said he was distant. He barely said anything and had this ...look on his face that I can't describe ...I think he hated us, hated his marriage, we were the people he couldn't leave. Part of me thinks he wanted the divorce. Micheal swears up and down that he wasn't that bad, but that's because he was the closest thing to a favorite person my dad had.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** That does sound difficult... you mentioned a garage? Do you have any idea what he was doing in there?

 

**SCP-6155-2:** It was just a normal garage, it was where he kept his car and tools. I never went in while he was alone in there though. I just thought he was working on his car or drinking a beer or something.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Ah, thank you. Is that all? If you don't have anything else we can end this interview so you can get some privacy.

 

**SCP-6155-2:** Wait, I do have something to ask. How long do you think I'm going to be here?

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Oh, I wouldn't worry about that.

 

**SCP-6155-2:** What?

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Er, sorry, I mean that we'll be working on your problem. We don't know how long it will take to solve all this.

 

**SCP-6155-2:** Yeah, ok that's all I wanted off my chest. Thanks, I really don't want to seem pushy about this, but this voice, God,  this isn't something I want to be stuck with.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** All right, thank you for your time -2. I'll let you have some privacy.

 

**<End Log>**

 

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

**Addendum 6155-02:** Interview with SCP-6155-3.

**Interviewed:** SCP-6155-3

 

**Interviewer:** Dr. Jason Yorke

---

**<Begin Log>**

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Hello, apologies for the circumstances.

 

**SCP-6155-3:** Hey, doc.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** This might seem odd, but I will be referring to you as SCP-6155-3.

 

**SCP-6155-3:** Oh, yeah, that's ok.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** How would you say you've been handling the situation?

 

**SCP-6155-3:** It's been difficult, dealing with all this. I don't think I've even begun taking it all in.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** I understand, it's hard having to deal with the death of a parent. It must be worse having to deal with -1.

 

**SCP-6155-3:** That's what's making this hard to understand. I think without this I might have been fine. Well, better than this, but I don't get it. I just don't get why.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** I'm sorry for your loss, were you close with -1?

 

**SCP-6155-3:** ...Yeah, yeah, about as close as you can get with him.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** -2 told us about them, that they weren't that great of a father.

 

**SCP-6155-3:** Yeah, I don't blame her, he wasn't exactly a normal dad, she never really got to know him.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** And you did?

 

**SCP-6155-3:** I, uh, I was born first. I just got to know him better. Mostly just because I saw him more.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Are you willing to talk about him -3? Was there anything odd?

 

**SCP-6155-3:** He was (Pause) distant. It was like he wanted to be alone, sis always took that as him not liking us but that was just how he was with everyone.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Was there anything that might be connected to your current situation?

 

**SCP-6155-3:** Listen, man, my dad was weird, but he wasn't this kind of weird. This aliens, ghosts, and monsters type weird. He just had some problems connecting to people that sure as hell didn't get better after the divorce!

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Divorce?

 

**SCP-6155-3:** Yeah, (sighs) it was rough, for everyone. Sara thinks that it was dad's fault, because of his (Pause) Stand-offishness. I don't think so though, mom probably read him better than me. It just went the way of other marriages. Mom got custody and that was that, we barely saw him afterward, I missed him.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Oh... speaking of her, your sister mentioned a garage that he would spend his time alone in, do you know anything about that?

 

**SCP-6155-3:** No, no, I never saw him in there doing anything other than working on his car. There, uh, were some times where he would lock himself in there for a few hours, I don't know what he did in there, he wasn't a drinker or a smoker so I have no idea what else he would do.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Thank you -3 is there anything you'd wish to add before I leave?

 

**SCP-6155-3:** (Silence)

 

**Dr. Yorke:** -3?

 

**SCP-6155-3:** ...I—I know I seem fine, I'm trying to play this off and move on, but I can't keep this up. I can't have this, this constant reminder of him.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** ...I can't imagine what that feels like.

 

**SCP-6155-3:** I can't keep this up, I can't sleep. It's his fucking voice, he's just screaming... I just want him to stop.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** Micheal, I can help you, we can help you. You just need to trust us, give us time.

 

**SCP-6155-3:** Please, I can't do this.

 

**Dr. Yorke:** I promise... I will help you.

 

**<End Log>**

 

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

**Addendum 6155-03:** Due to unforeseen difficulties in finding explanations for the anomalous effects surrounding SCP-6155, research into SCP-6155 will be halted for an indefinite period of time. Due to the difficulty in placing SCP-6155-2 and SCP-3 back into normalcy as the anomalous nature of SCP-6155 can be easily discovered from research into both SCP-6155-2 and SCP-6155-3, they will be kept in low-threat anomalous humanoid housing units.

 

Individuals within the research team for SCP-6155 will be transferred to other projects. Dr. Jason Yorke will be replaced as research head due to multiple showcases of unprofessionalism.  As a reminder, personnel are not allowed to ask for amnestics of any class unless necessary for the safety of staff, civilians, or SCPs. They are not for removing memories causing distress, such as potentially regrettable comments made to SCPs during an interview.

<< [SCP-6154](SCP-6154) | SCP-6155 | [SCP-6156](SCP-6156) >>
