**Item #:** SCP-6161

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6161 is to be kept in a standard secure objects locker in [Site-55](secure-facility-dossier-site-55). It is unknown if the object's container has become an SCP-6161-1 instance, but this has been labeled acceptable. Personnel handling SCP-6161 are to only touch the object's hilt, avoiding the blade. 

**Description:** SCP-6161 is a cake knife, measuring 23 cm in length and made of steel. When SCP-6161 is used to cut an object, it is capable of slicing through any material with ease. Objects cut by SCP-6161 will transform into instances of SCP-6161-1.

SCP-6161-1 instances will continue to exhibit baseline traits on their exterior, but their interiors consist entirely of cake. The cake within SCP-6161-1 instances has been reported to possess various different flavors. 

**Addendum 6161.01:** Test Log

> **Test #:** 01

> 

> **Object Tested:** Bar of Steel

> 

> **Result:** SCP-6161 cut through the bar with ease. D-1221 was instructed to consume a slice of SCP-6161-1. The resulting flavor was reported as tasting "earthy and metallic".

> **Test #:** 05

> 

> **Object Tested:** Car Tire

> 

> **Result:** SCP-6161 cut through the wheel with ease. D-1221 was instructed to consume a slice of SCP-6161-1 Despite having a slice cut out of it, the wheel maintained its structural integrity and did not deflate. . The resulting flavor was reported as tasting "oily, with a rubbery texture".

> **Test #:** 11

> 

> **Object Tested:** Dr. Greene's Laptop

> 

> **Result:** SCP-6161 cut through the laptop with ease. D-1221 was instructed to consume a slice of the produced SCP-6161-1 instance Despite being transformed into an SCP-6161-1 instance, the laptop continued to function until a slice was removed from it, at which point it shut down. . The resulting flavor was reported as tasting "[like] plastic with some crunchy bits".

> **Test #:** 17

> 

> **Object Tested:** Dr. Greene's Birthday Cake

> 

> **Result:** SCP-6161 cut through the cake with ease. D-1221 was instructed to consume a slice of SCP-6161-1. D-1221 refused upon viewing the sliced cake, which had turned to gravel and stone. No flavor test results gathered.

> **Test:** N/A

> 

> **Object Tested:** N/A

> 

> **Result:** Dr. Greene attempted to handle SCP-6161 for the next test but accidentally pricked his finger with the blade. Upon seeking first aid, it was discovered that SCP-6161 had not damaged Dr. Greene, but had affected him with its anomalous properties. Dr. Greene was immediately labeled an instance of SCP-6161-1 X-rays performed after the transformation confirmed that Dr. Greene's insides are now entirely composed of cake. It is unknown how he is able to retain life functions in this state. . The resulting flavor was reported as tasting "almost like pork".

= Further testing with SCP-6161 has been restricted.

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

<< [SCP-6160](SCP-6160) | SCP-6161 | [SCP-6162](SCP-6162) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
