]

**SCP-6975:** Universal Reset Button

**Item No:** SCP-6975

**Containment Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6975 is contained in Containment Chamber 08 at Iranian Site-14 and may only be damaged in compliance with the orders of Project Hakam.

SCP-6975-1 instances have been placed throughout all Foundation Sites. Should additional SCP-6975-1 instances be required, [SCP-1106](SCP-1106) may be used to obtain the base materials.

**Description:** SCP-6975 is the heart of Iranian citizen Ruqayyah Abbas. Should SCP-6975 be damaged to the point of being unable to function, the temporal state of the surrounding areaSize currently unknown. will be reverted to its state 8 hours prior to the incident. However, only people within 10 metres of SCP-6975 or an SCP-6975-1 instance at the time of the incident will retain memories of the original 8 hours.

SCP-6975-1 instances are excised portions of the flesh of Ruqayyah Abbas, each being 1 cm^^3^^ in size and contained in a suitably-sized container of embalming fluid.

**Discovery:** On 1953-08-12, a truck crashed in Kermanshahan Province, Iran, instantly killing several members of the Abbas family and causing Ruqayyah Abbas to succumb to exsanguination over the subsequent 10 minutes.

On 1953-08-12, Site-14 recorded an abnormal temporal anomaly. Staff found SCP-6975 to be the source of the anomaly and Ruqayyah Abbas was subsequently transported to Site-14. The Abbas family were administered Class-C amnestics and were provided a cover story of Ruqayyah having died of a congenital heart condition. A substitute 6-year-old female corpse was provided for burial.

On 1953-09-27, Overseer Command approved the submission of proposals to adapt SCP-6975 for internal Foundation use.

**Rejected Proposals:**

> **Proposed By:** Edgar Santiago, Junior Researcher in Site-14 Temporal Analysis Division

> 

> **Method:** To execute Ruqayyah Abbas several times in quick succession to see if there is a limit to the number of times SCP-6975 can reverse time.

> 

> **Overseer Command:** DENIED as proposal is unlikely to provide information about temporal anomalies that cannot be more easily obtained from other sources.

> **Proposed By:** Charlotte Pennycock, Senior Researcher in Site-14 Memetics and Cognitohazards Division

> 

> **Method:** To have Ruqayyah Abbas present when exposing test subjects to suspected cognitohazardous anomalies. Should a cognitohazard be discovered, Ruqayyah Abbas would be executed. This would cause the reversal of time to before initial exposure, allowing confirmation of cognitohazard existence without the loss of test subjects.

> 

> **Overseer Command:** DENIED due to the potential exposure of Ruqayyah Abbas to cognitohazards and the unknown relationships between temporal anomalies and cognitohazards.

> **Proposed By:** Hugh Kirkwell, Head of Site-14 Advanced Interrogation Division

> 

> **Method:** To have Ruqayyah Abbas present during the interrogation of captured enemy agents. After 7 hours, Ruqayyah Abbas would be executed. Interrogations could then be repeated indefinitely, utilising previously-gained information to perfect our methods, allowing the process to be concluded with a greater degree of success and in a shorter timeframe than previously possible.

> 

> **Overseer Command:** DENIED due to the high potential for hazardous information to be released during interrogation, causing damage to Ruqayyah Abbas and SCP-6975.

On 1953-10-12, Charles MartinSite-14 Director. submitted Project Hakam to Overseer Command, detailing his proposal to integrate SCP-6975 into the Foundation's defence system. Following preliminary approval, the proposal was transferred to the Ethics Committee for overview. All subsequent moral objections were overruled by Overseer Command.

**Project Hakam:**

From 1953-10-29 to 1955-08-07, over 100,000 SCP-6975-1 instances were produced from extracted portions of Ruqayyah Abbas' body. These instances were placed throughout all Foundation Sites, ensuring they were fully covered by the memory-preservation effects of the SCP-6975-1 instances.

On 1955-08-30, SCP-6975 was surgically removed from Ruqayyah Abbas and attached to a suitable machine to simulate the human heartbeat. Ruqayyah Abbas' corpse was then incinerated per Foundation biological waste disposal requirements.

As of 1975-07-12, Project Hakam has allowed the Foundation to prevent 19 enemy attacks, 26 containment breaches and the deaths of over 3.9 billion humans.

<< [SCP-6974](SCP-6974) | SCP-6975 | [SCP-6976](SCP-6976) >>

=====

> Inspired by SCP-5392 by , which was rewritten as [SCP-5576](SCP-5576) by  and .

=====
