This Article includes depictions of medical abuse, gun violence, and suicide.

**Item #:** SCP-6118

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:**

Containment of SCP-6118 should always be tempered according to this data:

| **(°C)** | **Effect** |
| --- | --- |
| <7 | Hypothermic shock |
| <15 | Bradycardia, bradypnea |
| **16** | **Ideal for containment** |
| 17-25 | Tachycardia, tachypnea |
| >26 | Hyperthermic shock |
If SCP-6118 becomes combative, the ambient temperature may be lowered, provided it stays within acceptable ranges. This will induce a cold stupor and provide better compliance.

SCP-6118 is allowed one mattress and one pillow~~, as well as one sterile cotton pillowcase and one sterile cotton fitted sheet~~ ##red|(16/6/2020 Update)## that is deemed sufficiently "breathable". It may be provided with appropriate books as Dr. Mitchell sees fit.

SCP-6118 is to be provided a nutritional solutionReplicated from the containers found aboard its crashed vehicle. every 24 hours for 12 hours through its central venous catheter. ~~RN McGill~~ RN Wheeler is in charge of SCP-6118's nutrition and is to report at 16:30 every day to set up an IV.

##red|(16/6/2020 Update)## No firearms of any kind are allowed inside SCP-6118's cell.

**Description:** SCP-6118 is a carbon-based humanoid of extraterrestrial origin, 1.7 meters in height and 52kg in weight. Important biological features of concern have been documented in Addendum 6118.1.

SCP-6118-B is a highly infectious, highly deadly virus brought to Earth by SCP-6118 artifacts. Sanitary and decontamination measures have limited effects against SCP-6118-B, including the use of soap, alcohol, and prolonged periods of isolation. Symptoms include:

* Headaches,

* Numbness in the extremities,

* Loss of circulation in the extremities,

* Shortness of breath,

* Severe coughing fits,

* Haemoptysis (coughing blood),

* Vomiting,

* Haematemesis (vomiting blood), and

* Death.

---

**Addendum 6118.1:** Discovery

On 21/4/2020, an unidentified object was spotted coming towards Earth. Once inside the range of better imaging, it was recognised as a form of spacecraft due to its shape, size, and symmetry. Disinformation about this object was spread as to make it appear to be an abnormal asteroid, and the Foundation seized the imaging records.

On 29/4/2020 at 6:23, this object entered Earth's atmosphereReentry time of 20.2 minutes. before landing just off the Pacific Northwest coast of the Americas. Multiple sections of shielding had been ripped off during re-entry, exposing parts of the vehicle to severe atmospheric friction.

The vehicle, later designated SCP-6118-7, was retrieved and pulled onto dry land at the coast line. Once the vehicle cooled, three agents entered the vehicle. Two expired bodies were found. All agents exited the vehicle and were sent to decontaminate.

MTF team Beta-7 "Maz Hatters" was immediately contacted for assistance, and 58 minutes later, four agents, fitted with Level A HAZMAT PPE, arrived on-scene. A total of five deceased were found, all having suffered severe injuries (see Autopsy Reports 1-5).

Further inspection revealed a compartment full of a substance comparable to amniotic fluid, containing a humanoid, designated SCP-6118. It was connected to damaged tubes, containing oxygen and nutritional fluid, unconscious, with physical trauma due to rapid deceleration.

Because SCP-6118 would otherwise suffocate, it was removed from the vehicle. It was then loaded into a Foundation Humanoid Medical Unit, treated by Foundation Emergency Medical Technicians, and transported to a Site-66 medical ward. The deceased recovered were also transported to Site-66 R&D.

The area containing SCP-6118-7 was cordoned off from civilians; SCP-6118-7 was not moved to a Foundation secure location due to severe structural instabilities rendering it unable to be transported.

An HIS-Purkinje network is the electrically-measured contraction of the heart. | width=300px]]

---

Overwhelming evidence collected during EMT-P Greene's efforts to stabilize SCP-6118, as well as further testing done by Dr. Purvis, strongly indicate that the object is not of the human species. Upon arrival, it was placed in Site-66 med ward room 8, with all personnel compulsorily taking Biosafety Level 3 (BSL3) measures to prevent transmission of diseases to either party.

Pertinent biological differences affecting containment include:

* Cyanohematoic bloodBlood based in hemocyanin.

* Ectothermy

* Atrophied digestive system; IV cannulation port present for TPNTotal Parenteral Nutrition (TPN) is a kind of IV Therapy where the recipient receives all of their nutrition from an IV. This replaces eating and drinking.

* Sensory organs

A full list of abnormalities of medical concern may be obtained by request from Dr. Purvis or RN McGill at their collective discretion. RN McGill has been put in charge of the feeding of SCP-6118.

| **Additional Notes:** |
| --- |
| SCP-6118 does not seem to understand human language. Multiple attempts were made to communicate with it in multiple languages, all unsuccessful. Regular appointments with a TESOL specialist (Dr. Mitchell) will be made. |
<details>
<summary>Show Autopsy Reports 1-5</summary>

Autopsy report summaries included below:

**SCP-6118-2**

Roughly 1.92m in height. Severely burned on back. Severe bruising on head.

Cause of death: TBITraumatic Brain Injury

**SCP-6118-3**

Roughly 1.9m in height. Severely burned on arms and upper body. Severe cranial trauma.

Cause of death: TBI

**SCP-6118-4**

Roughly 1.95m in height. Severely burned on head. Several oblique fractures of the ribs.

Cause of death: Shock.

**SCP-6118-5**

Roughly 1.91m in height. Moderately burned on side and legs. Lateral compression fracture of the pelvis. Moderate respiratory burns.

Cause of death: Shock, Cardiac Arrest.

**SCP-6118-6**

Roughly 1.88m in height. Moderately burned on chest. Burst fractures of the spine. Severe respiratory burns.

Cause of death: Shock, Asphyxiation.

</details>

---

**Addendum 6118.2:** Incident Log 1 Summary

The three agents exposed to SCP-6118-2 through 6 without the proper PPE became ill with the following symptoms on 1/5/2020:

* Headaches

* Numbness/Coldness of the extremities

* Shortness of breath

* Vomiting

Viral tests were administered to all three, which came back negative for known illnesses. The samples taken were preserved for later study.

They have been advised to monitor symptoms and stay inside the Site-66 Medical Ward. All personnel coming into contact with them have been advised to take BSL-3 measures.

In addition to the previous symptoms, the following symptoms were presented on 3/5/2020:

* Loss of circulation in the extremities

* Severe coughing fits

* Coughing blood

* Vomiting blood

In addition to the three personnel previously infected, 24 personnel, that have since been confirmed to have second- and third-hand exposure, fell ill with the same symptoms that presented on 1/5/2020. All 27 were put into quarantine in the Site-66 medical ward, with BSL-4 required for non-infected personnel when coming into contact with SCP-6118 artifacts.

On 7/5/2020, one of the three personnel previously infected expired. The cause of death was determined to be SCP-6118-B. All SCP-6118 artifacts, including the infected humans, were transferred to Area-12's Biohazard R&D department.

---

**Proposal:** "Infect SCP-6118 with SCP-6118-B. Assuming that it and/or any of the extraterrestrial entities brought it to Earth, its physiology is better adapted against it, therefore the risk of expiration for SCP-6118 is low in comparison to a human. The ability to procure immune cells would be extremely beneficial."

| Yes | No | Abstain |
| --- | --- | --- |
| N. Flanders |  | J. Azema |
| I. Alvarado |  |  |
| S. Monaghan |  |  |
| A. Parsoei |  |  |
**Status: ##green|APPROVED##**

**Test 1 Summary**

**Subject:** SCP-6118

**Procedure:** Pathogen introduction via a sample of the infectious substance placed in the nasal cavity, then blood samples were analysed to determine the immune response.

**Results:** The concentration of certain blood cells increased greatly. These cells bore resemblance to immune cells found in humans.

However, these immune cells did not behave in a regular way. When coming into contact with viral cells, they were engulfed entirely before the mass rapidly decomposed. Waste products do not seem to be left behind.

**Analysis:** These immune cells have great potential to be utilised in treating the diseased personnel.

---

**Addendum 6118.3:** Writing Sample 1

Dr. Mitchell provided SCP-6118 with a simple book, in order to pass time in Site-66's medical ward, as well as begin to acquire some knowledge of English. Sheets of tracing paper and a pencil were also offered for written language acquisition.

The entity did not use the tracing paper for its intended purpose, and instead has written something in an unknown language. Rosetta.aic has been tasked with translating, however, the entity's handwriting is of poor enough quality that only a rudimentary translation can be provided at this time. Said translation is below.

Just to organize my mind [...] incomprehensible to them [...] anyways [...] cannot believe [...] alive. [...] wasn't supposed to [...] where am I? [...] so strange [...] whole life, I wanted to go to space [...] be [...] isolated [...] and [...] it seems nothing [...] ever works out [...]

Even though the Foundation may now, provided with a language sample, be able to establish basic communication via the entity's native language, Dr. Mullen has suggested that SCP-6118 not be informed of this. Instead, the entity will be taught English as previously planned, and any writings it produces will be discreetly translated without its knowledge. Doing things this way may glean more information about the objects in the long run.

---

**Addendum 6118.4:** Incident Log 2 Summary

As of 10/5/2020, four additional infected humans have expired. The cause of death is determined to be SCP-6118-B universally.

All infected humans are in extremely poor health and are expected to expire within 3-6 days.

**Proposal:** "Introduce the immune cells produced by SCP-6118 after exposure to SCP-6118-B to all infected humans. The mortality rate of SCP-6118-B appears to be very high, and the benefit of the immune cells functioning as intended much outweighs the risk of complications."

| Yes | No | Abstain |
| --- | --- | --- |
| N. Flanders |  |  |
| I. Alvarado |  |  |
| S. Monaghan |  |  |
| A. Parsoei |  |  |
| J. Azema |  |  |
**Status: ##green|APPROVED##**

**Test 2 Summary**

**Subject:** One infected human.

**Procedure:** Introducing a large volume of SCP-6118's immune cells into the bloodstream of the infected human.

**Results:** After 40 hours, the previously infected human had fully recovered, and was able to participate in light rehabilitation activities under observation from medical personnel.

**Analysis:** A full recovery from SCP-6118-B appears to be possible when SCP-6118's immune cells are administered. The treatment appears to be effective and safe.

**Additional notes:** Treatment will be attempted for remaining infected humans; SCP-6118 will be repeatedly infected with new terrestrial viruses to facilitate a constant source of its immune cells.

---

**Addendum 6118.5:** Writing Sample 2

Nothing else of note has been written on the tracing paper provided. However, when Dr. Mitchell went to exchange SCP-6118's book for more advanced ones, additional writing was discovered in its margins. The entity was asleep at the time, and photographs were obtained. Dr. Mitchell then replaced the book and decided to gift the new books while the entity was awake, as to not arouse suspicion.

A translation of the photographs is as follows.

I think this is day 10 on this planet [...] I wonder how long the years [...] gravity feels lighter [...] Do small planets orbit faster? [...] didn't teach me much science before [...]

[...] how long it took me to get here. [...] a while. They seem to be maybe half-healed. My brain didn't seem to detox [...] crave [...] I would [DATA REDACTED]Assigned researchers may request this, and following redactions, after undergoing a mental health assessment. but [...] too dangerous?

Where am I? Where am I? Where am I? [...]  I can't focus. [...] cold, it aches [...]

[...] horrifyingly stupid, in retrospect, [...] Terra?The exact word used appears to be a scientific term for Earth in the alien language, therefore this word has been chosen. [...] make bad shows and pollute everywhere [...] like she said, like [...] And she loved those bad shows.

Stop it, stop it please. Get out of my head. Please.

It should have been me. [...] explode [...] trade my body. I tried. [...] I'm here now.

But it can be different, right? [...] I can only hope [...] for once in my life [...] different. Again and again [...] suffering [...] neverending [...] it can be different, right? No more craving death [...] I can only hope [...] maybe the people on this planet [...] different [...] maybe it'll all be different [...]

Day 15? It's hard to keep track [...] think they feed me every day [...]

The lights [...] I was born [...] it was cold and bright. Am I born again? [...] head hurts. Not pain, but... I don't know. Anhedonia^^*^^ [...] slipping [...] I know I'm sick, I know [...] reality-sick [...] dopamine^^**^^ [...] It hurts. This isn't what I thought would happen. [...] can't think much of anything, actually [...]

[...] suffering my penance out here [...] my stupid stunt, I just [...] And now they made me into this. And now I'm here. [...] some kind of [...] always an experiment [...] birth to pseudo-death. And now after. [...] is this my fate? [...] I just want to escape it [...] escape the cycle [...] again and again and everything always hurts [...] I am so good at pretending it doesn't [...]

Can't escape the cycle [...] I want it to be different [...] maybe if I wish hard enough [...] if it doesn't work I'll [DATA REDACTED]. [...] oh, so that's always an option [...] it's almost funny [...] I try and I try and I try [...] it's futile [...] and at the end of it all [...] my mind goes back there [...] dark places [...] I craved death since I was born.

It hurts. [...] so dry [...] lungs, skin, even eyes [...] And I'm so sick. [...] alone. Coughing. Shivering. Shaking. [...] I hate pain. I hate that [...] lab rat, just a lab rat. To them [...] no personhood [...] experiment. Father, you would love them.

^^*Lit: pleasure emotion void **Lit: adrenaline-based gratification^^

---

**Addendum 6118.6:** 17/5/2020 Situation Update

14 additional infected humans have expired. Cause of death is determined to be SCP-6118-B universally. Treatment for surviving infected humans has concluded admirably.

| Total expired: | 19 |
| --- | --- |
| Total sick: | 0 |
| Total recovered: | 8 |
Further testing is planned for SCP-6118, however, the object will be given a rest period in order to not expire.

---

**Addendum 6118.7:** 29/5/2020 Learning Progress

Ongoing English lessons with Dr. Mitchell are proving useful. SCP-6118 quickly gained a comprehensive grasp of the English language. It is able to follow commands, write, and speak with limited vocabulary.

Dr. Mitchell has expressed wishes to built more rapport before interviews, as she notes that SCP-6118 has abnormal social behaviour and therefore it can not be ascertained whether or not the object would be cooperative. She stated that premature attempts to gain information may cause it to shut down, and she feels that this would be unwise.

Excerpt from Dr. Mitchell's notes related to the SCP object below.

I've heard that alien life might look strange to humans, but he gives me an eerie feeling. It goes beyond him being an alien. The SCP-6118 artifacts crashed in a group, which tells me they work in teams. That needs emotion, expression.

This is like talking to a brick wall. I thought I knew what a flat affect was, but turns out it was just a blunted one. This is *flat*. Is it bad that it sets me off so much? Anyone would be, right? Though I suppose it may interfere with my willingness to connect with him.

Not to mention his writings. They don't tell us anything about his origins, except for the mentions of some kind of experiment. Maybe that would explain his strange construction? Cryptobiology says he's missing most of the abdominal organs the others had, which would explain the CVC. Not to mention how physically different he looks.

Well, I suppose it's just a big mystery for now. No use in mulling it over; we'll get to the bottom of it soon enough.

---

**Addendum 6118.8:** Further testing

**Proposal:** "Infect SCP-6118 with a strain of Influenza B to be able to observe more closely the functions of its immune system. The risk of bodily harm to SCP-6118 is low due to its anomalous immune system, and the knowledge that could be gained is valuable."

| Yes | No | Abstain |
| --- | --- | --- |
| I. Alvarado | J. Azema | N. Flanders |
| S. Monaghan |  |  |
| A. Parsoei |  |  |
**Status: ##green|APPROVED##**

**Test 3 Summary**

**Subject:** SCP-6118

**Procedure:** A sample of Influenza B being placed in the nasal cavity, then monitoring the mass/organ behind its sternal notch for changes.

**Results:** Immune cells appeared to be manufactured in said organ. Additionally, blood coming out of the organ was devoid of harmful materials or cellular waste.

However, extracted blue blood cells were noted to be clumping together and sinking at an elevated rate. Currently, there is no way for medical personnel to test for autoimmune inflammation or disease, due to a lack of knowledge around the physiology of SCP-6118. Therefore, sedimentation rate deemed inconclusive.

It took approximately 368 hours for SCP-6118 to recover from symptoms of Influenza B.

**Analysis:** The organ surrounding a section SCP-6118's trachea functions similarly to a combination of human bone marrow, liver, and kidney cells.

It is unclear how the organ produces the immune cells. Further testing is required.

---

**Addendum 6118.9:** Writing Sample 3

The symptoms of Influenza B caused SCP-6118 to become delirious, and thus its books were searched for more writing, which was then photographed and translated as per usual. The translations are as follows.

Day 20? At [...] can't keep track [...] blurring [...] and my brain, my brain, my brain, it's [...] fuzzy and [...] I'm so scared [...] and I'm so weak. Everything blurring.

Day 21. [...] almost nostalgic for when I was so young [...] couldn't understand what was going on. [...] a few minutes old when I first [...]

But now, I know [...] wrong and that it's inhumane. [...] I wish I didn't. [...] trusting, naive child [...] as if I was ever allowed to be one. [...] wrung it out of me. Drained me dry, to the last drop.

Well, [...] my fault, isn't it? In a way, I did this [...] agreed [...] I just wanted to help. [...] only wanted to help, after [...] but it hurts [...] is this the pain they felt when I [...] ? No [...] I was fast and I was merciful [...] but after so many [...] is this what I deserve? At least now I'm helping someone [...] right?

Actually, day 20, I think, it [...] writing so frequently, [...] don't remember, it's so hard to tell with the bright lights [...] like they never turn off.

I must write very slow [...] hard to grip the pencil [...] see what I'm writing. Feels [...] hearts barely beat. Or maybe [...] just [...] my mood, my weakness of vitality.

But I'll grit my teeth [...] I was born to suffer [...]

Nothing will change. Nothing will change. Nothing will change. I'm doomed.

Day 21. Maybe.Actually day 33 since the object's arrival. I can breathe [...] bit better. But [...] again aware of the whispers, and [...] in the corner of the room, [...] crawling at the back of my skull.

I want to [DATA REDACTED] or [DATA REDACTED] or [DATA REDACTED] I want to [DATA REDACTED] I want to [DATA REDACTED] and I can [DATA REDACTED] in case [DATA REDACTED]

I've [DATA REDACTED] and I [DATA REDACTED] and I could [DATA REDACTED] if I just had [DATA REDACTED]. It would be good... it would be good...

[...] head hurts [...] won't leave me alone [...] kill me... kill me... [...] please...

---

**Addendum 6118.10:** X/6/2020 Learning Progress

Adequate improvements have occurred. SCP-6118 is of an acceptable level of proficiency to be interviewed in English. Dr. Mitchell wished for her concerns against this to be noted in this log.

Dr. Mitchell's objections have been considered, but it is of importance that more is learned about SCP-6118 artifacts, and her method of doing so via the notes has not proven effective due to SCP-6118's vague, unfocused, and rambling writing.

<details>
<summary>++ Interview Log 1</summary>

**Interviewed:** SCP-6118

**Interviewers:** Dr. Mitchell

**Foreword:** An attempt to obtain information from SCP-6118 about SCP-6118-2, -3, -4, -5, -6, -7, and -B, as well as itself and the nature of its arrival. Dr. Mitchell is using the intercom system, looking at SCP-6118 through the window of the observation room. SCP-6118 is sitting on the other side, facing the general direction of the window.

**<Begin Log, 9:10>**

**Dr. Mitchell:** Hello.

**SCP-6118:** ...

**Dr. Mitchell:** You've gotten much better at English. The higher-ups want me to talk to you now, about the crash, okay? Is that okay?

**SCP-6118:** Okay...

**Dr. Mitchell:** You've been learning quite fast, for an alien no less-- you must be very intelligent. It impresses me.

**SCP-6118:** ...

**Dr. Mitchell:** You know, even though we've spent a lot of time together, you never introduced yourself to me. Can you please do that now?

**SCP-6118:** Um...

[Silence on tape for 10 seconds]

**SCP-6118:** I'm... an alien.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Come on, you know how to say more than that. Show them your skills. You could talk about who you are, what your role in your homeworld was! Even just pronouncing your name would be a great start.

**SCP-6118:** Um... [Rosetta.aic translation: Unit Generation Five Batch A Vat Number Eighty-Two]

**Dr. Mitchell:** Wow, thank you. I've never heard you speak your native language before. Very fluid, very smooth. It seems like it's mora-timed, correct? Very interesting. Is it supposed to be pitchless, or is it that you--? Well, don't mind me, I'm a bit of a language nerd. It's my job, really.

**SCP-6118:** ...

**Dr. Mitchell:** Alright, now we have that. What's your planet like? Big? Small? Hot? Cold? Is there water? Plants? Just tell me anything you remember.

**SCP-6118:** Um... I don't... know. Not... like... going out.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Hmm. I see. Any reason for that?

[Silence on tape for 22 seconds]

**Dr. Mitchell:** Alright, well, what was your connection to the people who brought you here?

**SCP-6118:** ...Who?

**Dr. Mitchell:** The people who were in the spacecraft with you. [Pauses] Unfortunately, you won't be able to see them, and we're not able to ask them, either. They seem to have all passed away during atmospheric re-entry.

**SCP-6118:** I don't... don't know... who they were.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Hmm. Alright. Do you know any of their roles or ranks in your society?

**SCP-6118:** Um... maybe a... kind of... scientist... for some... astronaut... others...

**Dr. Mitchell:** And why were they there with you? Or, you with them?

**SCP-6118:** Virus...

**Dr. Mitchell:** The one we got sick with? Were you sick with it, as well? Were they treating you?

**SCP-6118:** No.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Then what?

**SCP-6118:** They were just like you.

**Dr. Mitchell:** What do you mean by that?

**SCP-6118:** ...

**Dr. Mitchell:** Were you helping them? Like you're helping us?

[The object looks up.]

**SCP-6118:** Help-ing? What means?

**Dr. Mitchell:** You know that word, don't you? You... [Pauses] Well, no, you wouldn't. Well, it's when you do something for someone else, something that gets them closer to their goals.

**SCP-6118:** Oh...

[The object rested its head on its knees and did not speak for the rest of the interview, despite multiple attempts by Dr. Mitchell to engage the it. Extraneous, one-sided dialogue has been omitted.]

**<End Log, 9:12 >**

| **Additional Notes:** |
| --- |
| Dr. Mitchell wishes SCP-6118's "definite alogia and lack of engagement" to be noted as a contraindication for further interviews, in addition to believing the object "had some kind of traumatic experience related to" the 29/4/2020 discovery. She has been informed that the same circumstances apply, and any "lack of engagement" may be due to her own failure to build rapport. In addition, "alogia" and believing in a potential "traumatic experience" are not proper contraindications towards reconnaissance. However, she is being given additional time for rapport building due to indications that SCP-6118 will be unwilling to partake in interviews at this time. |
</details>

---

**Addendum 6118.11:** Writing Sample 4

Unsure what day. I think [...] going [...] I think [...] bouts of insomnia [...] they look through my things and I know it. I know it. [...] not paranoia [...] I'm not crazy. I'm not crazy, I know I'm not.

I want to throw up [...] my chest hurts [...] dizzy [...] sick [...] I can't believe [...] invasion [...] invading my brain [...] like them [...] I can't believe [...] stupid, stupid, stupid for hoping! [...] invading my brain [...] cycles [...] repeat [...] they're just like them [...] Father and the others [...] but it's over now [...] I don't know exactly what I'll do. [...] make a list to organise my thoughts soon [...]

---

**Addendum 6118.12:** 16/6/2020 Incident

On the 16th of June, 2020, Dr. Mitchell searched SCP-6118's books, but found no new writing. In addition, one of the books was missing, which, upon review of security footage, the object was seen writing in at length.

This is thought to contain the "list" mentioned in Writing Sample 4, which, judging from previous pieces of writing, could contain dangerous plans. Thus, it was determined to be important to obtain the book and writing therein.

Dr. Mitchell was instructed to coerce the object into revealing the location of the book. She initially declined, but was then informed that her frequent insubordination on this project may result in forced leave, followed by permanent suspension if she did not have a change of viewpoint.

She then agreed to do so. A transcription of the events that then took place follows.

<details>
<summary>++ Interview Log 2</summary>

**Interviewed:** SCP-6118

**Interviewer:** Dr. Mitchell

**Foreword:** An attempt to gain information from SCP-6118 on the location of the missing book. Positioning same as prior interview.

**<Begin Log, 10:22>**

**Dr. Mitchell:** Hello, again.

**SCP-6118:** ...

**Dr. Mitchell:** Look, I know you don't want to do this, but it sucks for both of us, okay?

**SCP-6118:** Do what?

**Dr. Mitchell:** You've hidden a book somewhere. We need to know where it is.

**SCP-6118:** Why? Why important?

 

**Dr. Mitchell:** I... [Pauses] Look, it just is. Please tell me where it is.

 

**SCP-6118:** Why?

**Dr. Mitchell:** 6118. I'm not asking for a lot, am I?

**SCP-6118:** But why? You're not answering.

**Dr. Mitchell:** [Pauses] We inspect the books for any traces of... viral... contamination... that could have derived from... exposure to extraterrestrial biology, since you consign plenitudinous time to... browsing through their pages.

[SCP-6118 appears confused, but remains silent.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** So, it's important, you see? It's official business. Straight from the higher ups.

**SCP-6118:** All that's done with them?

**Dr. Mitchell:** [Pauses] Yes.

**SCP-6118:** Don't sound sure.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Tell me where it is.

**SCP-6118:** [Pauses] Secret hiding spot. You'll never find it.

**Dr. Mitchell:** [Louder] We've already searched your room. Multiple times. There isn't anything like that. Tell me where it is.

**SCP-6118:** Why did you do that?

[SCP-6118 stands and turns towards the window.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** You're making this more difficult.

**SCP-6118:** I was right.

**Dr. Mitchell:** I'm asking you politely.

**SCP-6118:** Put me in a room with a window you watch me, and with cameras, record my voice, no privacy, even when I'm sleeping, said even if I showered someone would watch me. And can't leave. No way to leave. Trapped. In a prison. And won't even let me write down my thoughts. *My own thoughts.* Without reading then. While you-- experiment on me?

**Dr. Mitchell:** You're blowing it out of proportion.

**SCP-6118:** No.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Yes, you are. I've been here the whole time, so I can say you are. Most of that is for your own safety, anyways. Look at you. Look at your arms.The object has very extensive, pronounced scar tissue on the arms, made up of hundreds of straight lacerations. Look at what you write down in your books.

[SCP-6118 appears to have a slight tremor.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** [Softer] Tell me where it is. Come on. Then we can be done with this.

**SCP-6118:** No.

**Dr. Mitchell:** [Sighs] Come on! What's wrong with you? You're so difficult! All I've done is try to help you! That's what I'm trying to do right now! Do you know how you might be treated by the next person? Because I do!  

**SCP-6118:** You can't make me do anything.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Yes, I can.

[Dr. Mitchell depresses the emergency call button in the observational room.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** Security to Biohazard Containment Room 9, please.

[A security detail of two (Ssg. Brinley, Cpl. Vollan) enters the containment cell.]

**Cpl. Vollan:** What seems to be the issue here?

**Dr. Mitchell:** It won't cooperate. Restrain it while I call properly equipped personnel to search the room for something it's hiding.

**Ssg. Brinley:** Alright, look, 6118, why don't we just calm down and hang out together, over in this corner...

[SCP-6118 is shaking.]

**Ssg. Brinley:** Come on. Let's go over here and sit down. We know what's best, just listen to us.

[Brinley puts his hand on the SCP's arm. He attempts to pull it backwards, and it resists. He then grabs both arms and begins to more forcefully lead it away from the window. It stumbles, pivots, draws the gun from his holster, and shoots him in the head. Vollan lunges towards SCP-6118, and is also shot in the head. Both bodies fall to the floor.]

[Dr. Mitchell cries out and stumbles back from the window. A pause of 82 seconds follows, wherein more security personnel (Sgt. Ferguson, Ssg. Lang, Sgt. Brodbeck) are alerted to the casualties, quickly fitted with basic PPE, and begin to make their way towards SCP-6118's containment cell.]

**SCP-6118:** [Murmuring] [Rosetta.aic translation: This isn't real. This isn't happening.]

[The object stumbles to its mattress, reaches under it, and pulls out the missing book. It then opens it and places it underneath Brinley's cranial wound. Once saturated with blood, the book is removed, placed on the floor, and SCP-6118 fires three rounds through it.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** [Quietly] You are insane. A murderer. Over a- a book?

**SCP-6118:** I couldn't help it.

**Dr. Mitchell:** [Visibly frustrated, pulling on own hair] You just killed two people!

**SCP-6118:** Three.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Excuse me?

**SCP-6118:** Please close your eyes.

**Dr. Mitchell:** What?

[SCP-6118 raises the gun to its own head and places its finger inside the trigger guard.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** [Screaming] No! Stop! Don't do it!

[At this time, security detail 2 enters the containment chamber, and the entity does not react to them. Ferguson grabs SCP-6118's wrists and begins to pull them behind its back. The object tries to fire into the side of its head, but the gun is now misaligned to do so, and the bullet enters the ceiling. SCP-6118 breaks free from Ferguson and attempts once more, but the magazine is now empty. It is grabbed by Ferguson and Lang, and Brodbeck handcuffs its hands behind its back. The object goes limp.]

**<End Log, XX:XX>**

</details>

---

SCP-6118 was secured in restraints inside Secure Holding Vehicle 14 at 10:53. It was determined by the guidance of Dr. Purvis, Dr. Mitchell, and a 3-2 vote from the Ethics Committee that it would be the best course of action to transport SCP-6118 to Site-19, where higher security resources are available to deal with the combative attitude of the object.The document detailing such was determined to be extraneous, but may be requested by personnel assigned to SCP-6118 at Level 2 clearance or higher. The following interview was conducted a day later, after Dr. Mitchell had also arrived to the location.

<details>
<summary>++ Interview Log 3</summary>

**Interviewed:** SCP-6118

**Interviewer:** Dr. Mitchell

**Foreword:** SCP-6118 is sufficiently restrained for the interview to be safely conducted with Dr. Mitchell in the same room, wearing full HAZMAT PPE.

**<Begin Log, 9:58>**

**Dr. Mitchell:** Hello.

[Silence on tape for 6 seconds.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** We need to talk about it.

**SCP-6118:** No.

**Dr. Mitchell:** You killed two people.

**SCP-6118:** I couldn't help it.

**Dr. Mitchell:** What's the matter with you? What *are* you?

[SCP-6118 shakes its head.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** Where did you learn this? How to fight, how to shoot? You clearly have combat training. Were you sent here as a weapon? [Enunciated] What are you?

[Silence on tape, wherein SCP-6118's breathing is audible and fast.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** Please, 6118. It doesn't make sense, all I want is for you to explain. I'm trying to help you, *I'm* on your side. Were you designed to be a weapon of some kind? Are you- are you a test of technological competence, to see if we would be able to harness your anomaly before our species got wiped out from the virus? Please. Where did you come from?

[Silence on tape for 22 seconds.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** Is there anything you can describe, anything you can tell me about from before you came here? Any*one*?

[Silence on tape for 48 seconds.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** Why did you come here?

[Silence on tape for 77 seconds.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** [Sighs] I'll leave you alone for a bit so that you can think about it.

**<End Log, 11:02>**

**<Begin Log, 16:18>**

[SCP-6118 flinches as the door opens.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** Are you ready to talk to me? All I want is a simple, simple explanation. Then you can go back to your room, and I won't have to bother you about this again. Maybe ever again.

**SCP-6118:** ...

**Dr. Mitchell:** Look, I know it sucks, but it's not my choice. I'm just doing what the people above tell me to. I don't really want to ask more than you want to tell.

[Silence on tape for 8 seconds.]

**SCP-6118:** It's just me. Others died. So, it's over. I'm alone, here. I'm always going to be alone, here.

**Dr. Mitchell:** Then why did they send you?

**SCP-6118:** Run.

**Dr. Mitchell:** You fled here? Are you some kind of experiment? To do what?

[Silence on tape.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** You can't keep doing this, [Expletive]! 6118! I need you to talk to me! You *cannot* space out like this, please!

[Dr. Mitchell stands and slams her fist onto the table. SCP-6118 is motionless.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** [Yelling] Wake up! Come on! Wake up! Please!

[Dr. Mitchell rubs her face and sits heavily into her chair.]

**Dr. Mitchell:** What am I kidding, you're probably thinking the same thing, aren't you? I'm sorry. You're probably going to be left to rot in some cell, after all this, and all I can say is "I'm sorry".

**<End Log, 16:20>**

</details>

**Addendum 6118.13:** Further testing

**Proposal:** "Continue research on SCP-6118 by infecting it with a rotation of different strains of Influenza, Dengue, and Varicella, in order to facilitate a better understanding of its anomaly, as well as harnessing the anomaly to treat infectious diseases."

| Yes | No | Abstain |
| --- | --- | --- |
| A. Parsoei | J. Azema |  |
|  | I. Alvarado |  |
|  | S. Monaghan |  |
|  | N. Flanders |  |
**Status: ##red|REJECTED##**

[Return to Hub](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/altitudes-hub)

<< [SCP-6117](SCP-6117) | SCP-6118 | [SCP-6119](SCP-6119) >>
