= [Author Page](tstaffor-s-author-page) | [Podcast](the-scip-squad-podcast-hub) | [Feeling Lucky?](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/random:random-page)

**Tstaffor's Best of:**

* [SCP-6557](SCP-6557) - Annihilation From a Cross Across Time

* [SCP-5846](SCP-5846) - The One-Stop Shop

* [SCP-6547](SCP-6547) - Worlds Within Worlds Within Worlds...

**Item #:** SCP-6551

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6551 is housed in a sound-proof avian enclosure at Biological Research Area-12. Assigned staff are to provide a twice-daily regimen of nutritional supplements, along with conducting weekly oiling of the wings and legs. Staff entering the enclosure for SCP-6551's oilings and the collecting of released materials are to wear noise-canceling headphones.

An array of previously excreted parts is located in a locker next to SCP-6551's enclosure.

**Description:** SCP-6551 is a clockwork recreation of a common *Columba livia* (pigeon). The outer body is constructed from a taxidermied deceased pigeon, while its insides are a collection of unknown copper mechanisms This data was gathered through the insertion of a small probe camera through the entity's mouth cavity. .

There is no way to get a clearer understanding of SCP-6551's inner workings without the commencement of a full disassembly. This process has been denied by Area-12's head animal handler, Prof. Laura Herdman.

X-ray analysis conducted shortly after feeding has aided in the documenting of SCP-6551's digestive process. All materials fed to SCP-6551 are sent to a pocket of leather in its center, the materials then meld together to form 1-6 Depending on the size of the meal.  new gears, belts, and other such mechanical structures. SCP-6551 will then excrete an equal number of old parts and replace them with the newly formed devices.

SCP-6551 does not coo, instead constantly Only stopping when it needs to consume nutrients.  using the music box located in its "throat" to play slow lullaby melodies.

Music played by SCP-6551 is mainly original compositions, although AIC assigned to listen through the audio have found recognizable tunes being played such as *Rock-a-bye Baby*, *Twinkle Twinkle Little Star/Baa Baa Black Sheep*, and *Hush Little Baby*.

When a subject hears SCP-6551's melody and there are no subjects already under its effect, they will fall into a trance-like state. This trance consists of the following symptoms:

      • Breathing becoming calm and slow

      • The closing of the eyes

      • Lying down

      • Inability to move or speak

      • Self-sustainment causing the body to cease aging

Although this state appears to an outside observer as sleep, testing has shown the afflicted subject is still fully aware of their surroundings and is functioning at full brain capacity.

**Addendum 6551.1 Discovery:**

SCP-6551 was discovered in the Ritsurin Garden A large, historic garden in Takamatsu, Japan created on a patch of wilderness in 1745. . During recovery, the entity was tracked back to its nest underneath a red bridge Pictured in the above photo.  in the northeast corner of the garden. Along with the anomaly, a young girl appearing to be around the age of 7 was found under the bridge, her clothes showing signs of massive deterioration. The child was suffering from severe PTSD and was unable to communicate with interviewers. The only info successfully gathered from her was that the bird had been a gift from her parents that she took out into a patch of uninhabited forest to play with. A search for any living biological relatives returned no results. She was then amnesticised and released into the care of retired researcher Yui Iwashita.

---

<< [SCP-6550](SCP-6550) | SCP-6551 | [SCP-6552](SCP-6552) >>

---

=====

> **Filename:** bord.jpg

> **Name:** Ritsurin Garden, Kagawa Prefecture; November 2019 (08).jpg

> **Author:** Sei F

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ritsurin_Garden,_Kagawa_Prefecture;_November_2019_(08).jpg

=====
