:root {

     --header-title: "Department of Unreality";

     --header-subtitle: "Making the Unreal a ㅤㅤㅤㅤ";

     ~~lgurl: url('http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/unreality-hub/Unreality%20Header%20Logo.svg');

}

@media only screen and (max-width: 26.5625rem) {

    :root {

        --header-title: "Unreality";

    }

}

.info-container{

--barColour: #2c2427;

--linkColour: #FFF;

}

#page-content hr {

border-top: none;

height: .05em;

background: #454545;

}

#page-content > .collapsible-block {

    display: block;

    text-align: center;

    padding: .8em;

    background-color: #e3e3e3;

    border-top: 0.125rem dashed #b5b5b5;

    border-bottom: 0.125rem dashed #b5b5b5;

}

#page-content > .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-content {

    text-align: left;

}

.interview{

    border:solid 2px #d4d4d4;

    background:#F5F5F5;

    width:90%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

.file{

    border:none;

    background:#F5F5F5;

    width:90%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

.addendum{

    border:solid 1px #5e5e5e;

    background:#ffffff;

    width:90%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

.testfile{

    border:solid 3px #643434;

    background:#f7efef;

    width:90%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

.testvideo{

    background:#e9d5d5;

    width:90%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

#page-title{display:none}

**Surveillance Log Collection #6569**

(Jan)

Subject: Alex Thorley

Gender: N/A

Affiliation: Unknown

Talents: Unknown

Risk: N/A

See "Investigation Liquid White" for background information on subject.

‎

---

**Log 1** 

Jan 1, [Site-37](scp-7795)

= **TRANSCRIPT**

---

= **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

*Thorley is in their office at their empty desk. They are making a typing motion with their hands.*

*A knock is heard at the door.*

*Thorley walks over and answers the door.*

*The door opens, revealing Thorley carrying a box of objects.*

**Thorley:** Hello?

**Thorley:** Hello!

*Silence is recorded.*

**Thorley:** Can I help you?

**Thorley:** I'm Alex Thorley and this is my office.

**Thorley:** Oh, that's funny, *I'm* Alex Thorley and this is *my* office!

*Thorley laughs.*

*Thorely laughs.*

**Thorley:** Nice to meet you.

= **<<END LOG>>**

**Log 2** 

Jan 10, [Site-55](wonder-world-dossier)

= **TRANSCRIPT**

---

= **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

*Thorley is at their desk, working.*

*Thorley is sitting on their futon playing with [SCP-7195](SCP-7195).*

*Thorley enters, carrying a paper bag, and walks across the room, petting SCP-7195 as they pass, until they reach their desk.*

*Thorley hands Thorley the paper bag, who opens the bag to reveal a [bagel](bagel) [burger](burger).*

*Thorley excitedly kisses Thorley. Thorley looks away.*

*Thorley takes a bite of the bagel burger.*

= **<<END LOG>>**

**Log 3** 

Jan 17, [Site-247](dab-orientation)

= **TRANSCRIPT**

---

= **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

*Thorley is in the kitchen washing dishes. Meanwhile, in the living room, Thorley is sitting on Thorley, who is sitting on their futon, watching Goncharov on their TV. Thorley is lying down next to them with their eyes closed.*

**Goncharov:** "And one for the table!"

*Thorley cheers. Thorley blows a raspberry on the back of their neck. Thorley giggles. Next to them, Thorley rolls over.*

*Thorley finishes washing the dishes and enters the living room.*

*Thorley notices Thorley sleeping and notifies Thorley and Thorley by indicating Thorley and making a shushing motion.*

*Thorley lowers the television volume.*

*Thorley grimaces, seeming to be experiencing a nightmare.*

**Thorley:** *mumbling* No more... no more bagels... no...

*Thorley begins running their fingers through Thorley's hair.*

*Thorley's expression softens. They move closer to Thorley, rubbing their face against them and making a soft exhale noise before becoming stationary again.*

*Thorley quietly giggles. Thorley covers their mouth. Thorley walks over with a blanket and drapes it over Thorley, before sitting down in front of the futon to watch Goncharov. Thorley tussles their hair.*

= **<<END LOG>>**

**Log 4** 

Jan 24, [Site-43](on-guard-43-hub)

= **TRANSCRIPT**

---

= **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

*Thorley exits their bathroom wearing only a white towel.*

*As they enter their bedroom they see Thorley struggling to remove their bra.*

*Thorley seems embarrassed and tries to exit stealthily, knocking into a dresser.*

*Thorley turns around in the middle of undressing and sees Thorley. Thorley's face turns beet red.*

**Thorley:** I'm so sorry! I thought this was my room! I'll uh, I'll leave.

**Thorley:** No, no it's okay! I get confused all the time! For all I know this might be your room, because...

**Thorley and Thorley in unison:** Because they all look alike.

*Thorley nods.*

**Thorley:** Because they're the same room.

*Thorley nods*

**Thorley:** Yep.

**Thorley:** Yep .

**Thorley:** I wonder why that is.

**Thorley:** I dunno.

*Thorley silently stares at Thorley.*

*Thorley silently stares back.*

**Thorley:** So, uh. What do we do here?

*Thorley shrugs*

**Thorley:** I dunno. I guess we could... share the bed?

*Thorley grimaces and adjusts their towel.*

**Thorley:** Or I could sleep on the couch that's fine too!

*Thorley grabs Thorley's hand. Both hands are clammy.*

**Thorley:** No, no, you're right, we should just split the bed. It'll be fine, haha!

**Thorley:** Oh good, because there's only the one couch. 

**Thorley:** Yeah, except for the other one. 

**Thorley:** Yeah.

*Thorley begins to rummage in the closet for an outfit to change in to. Thorley continues to struggle with their bra. They turn back towards Thorley*

**Thorley:** Hey. Um. This is embarrassing, but would you, uh, mind unhooking me?

*Thorley turns around wearing a pikachu onesie, and looks shocked*

**Thorley:** Um..

**Thorley:** It's nothing you haven't seen before!

**Thorley:**  I guess? I. Just... turn around.

*Thorley turns around. Thorley begins to undo the [bra strap](scp-6416)*

*The bra falls away.*

*Thorley turns around to reveal ##f5f5f5|nothing.##*

**Thorley:** I sleep naked. 

*Silence is heard on the recording.* 

**Thorley:** Oh. I'm not sure what I sleep in or if I even sleep but this is all that was in the closet.

**Thorley:** It looks good on you.

**Thorley:** Thank you.

*Thorley approaches.*

**Thorley:** No, thank *you* for your help.

**Thorley:** With [disposing of the body](scp-7591)?

**Thorley:** N-- Oh was that you??

**Thorley:** *nodding* I was the body, yeah.

*Thorley makes an O face.*

**Thorley:** That makes sense!

**Thorley:** Right?

*Thorley nods.*

*Thorley nods.*

*Thorley suddenly kisses Thorley on the mouth.*

*Thorley jerks back.*

**Thorley:** Wha--

*Thorley seems embarassed.*

**Thorley:** Oh. I'm sorry... I thought we were having a moment...

**Thorley:** No, no, I was having a moment. I just wasn't expecting that.

**Thorley:** Well, [when at Site-43](7-beyond-repair).

**Thorley:** Ohhhhh, *Canada*.

*Thorley kisses Thorley passionately.*

*They fall into the bed.*

**Thorley:** *whispering* Keep the onesie on.

= **<<END LOG>>**

**Log 5** 

Jan 30, [Site-91](hecatoncheires-cycle-hub)

= **TRANSCRIPT**

---

= **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

*Hands fill the room, grasping, groping, grabbing, reaching ##f5f5f5|nothing.##*

*The body of Alex Thorley writhes in the center of the office.*

*Television static appears on the recording.*

= **<<END LOG>>**

**Log 0** 

Jan 0th, [Site-00](unreality-hub)

= **TRANSCRIPT**

---

= **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

*Alex Thorley sits on their futon alone in their office*

**Thorley:** Hey.

*Television static appears on the recording.*

**Thorley:** Stop. I-I'm sorry, I can't do this. 

*Silence is heard on the recording.*

**Thorley:** This. Us. 

*Silence is heard on the recording.*

**Thorley:** Yeah. 

*Silence.*

**Thorley:** No. I've been talking to Dr. 

***Silence.***

**Thorley:** ***No.*** Not like that. About our relationship. About me.

***Silence***

**Thorley:** Will you *listen*? Please?

*A cat meows in the background. Assumed to be SCP-7195.*

**Thorley:** Thank you. I'm sorry. This isn't... this isn't how I wanted this to go. I tried. I did. But I just... couldn't do it. I know it sounds selfish I just....

*Silence.*

**Thorley:** I love you.

@@ @@

**Thorley:** But I feel like I don't know myself anymore. 

@@ @@

**Thorley:** It's not you, it's me.

= **<<END LOG>>**

<< [SCP-6568](SCP-6568) | SCP-6569 | [SCP-6570](SCP-6570) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
