:root {

    --header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

    --header-subtitle: "SECURE - CONTAIN - PROFIT";

    ~~lgurl: url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/black-autumn-hub/scp-halloween-alone.png");

    --accentColor: 235, 97, 35;

}

**Item #:** SCP-6064

 

**Object Class:** Thaumiel 

 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6064 instances are permitted to work on any Foundation projects they claim to be assigned to. Foundation personnel are to avoid interacting with SCP-6064 instances unless necessary for the completion of their assigned tasks. All information dispensed by SCP-6064 entities is to be taken as fact unless it is contradicted by observations made by trustworthy personnel. Any instance that gives incorrect information or hinders the progress of a project in which they are assigned should be immediately reported to a site director or O5 Council member. 

 

At no point should any personnel attempt to harm an instance of SCP-6064 for any reason or remove an SCP-6064 instance's face or body coverings. Attempting to remove an SCP-6064 instance's coverings or suggesting such an action should be taken will result in termination regardless of clearance. Giving individual SCP-6064 instances titles is prohibited. 

**Description:** SCP-6064 collectively designates an indeterminate number of humanoid anomalies. Each instance of SCP-6064 is covered in a metal coating that obscures its entire body with the exception of its head. Despite appearing solid, SCP-6064 instances' metal coatings are flexible and do not impede their movements. The coating makes the entities appear as if their skin is metallic and featureless. Said entities' faces are obscured by a layer of cloth whose color is different between SCP-6064 instances and each resembles a skin tone observed among human populations. Underneath this cloth, a given SCP-6064 entity's head shows signs of distress, including thrashing and screaming.SCP-6064 instances only mimic the action of screaming, no sound is made. Despite the movements of their heads, SCP-6064 instances always maintain a calm disposition.

 

SCP-6064 instances wear clothing over their coating appropriate for various positions at the Foundation and wear Foundation issue name tags that have been distorted beyond readability. Said entities perform many tasks that aid the Foundation without being instructed by Foundation personnel. Such acts include janitorial services, writing articles, and aiding in recontainment efforts during breaches. The origin of SCP-6064 or why they are loyal to the Foundation is currently unknown and research into it is of low priority.

SCP-6064 instances spontaneously materialize within Foundation sites and in locations not currently being observed or recorded. The number of materializations is directly proportional to the number of personnel deaths.  SCP-6064 instances cannot be physically damaged; however, they may suffer from exhaustion and will momentarily cease action if they become too exhausted to complete their tasks. As of yet, no instance of SCP-6064 has been observed to permanently cease functioning. Due to these instances' longevity, their population within Foundation custody has been rapidly growing. SCP-6064 instances display vast amounts of knowledge, encompassing and exceeding that of the Foundation database.

**Addendum-6064-A:** The following is a list of notable events regarding SCP-6064 instances.

> **Event-6064-A1:**

> **Location:** Site-03

> **Date:** 2020/1/6

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> On 2019/12/29 several important Foundation servers were destroyed after an earthquake hit Site-03. This destroyed over 28.4 thousand documents, which also included 2.7 thousand SCP articles. After said event, an SCP-6064 instance began the task of rewriting all of the lost information. 

> 

> Due to the low amount of SCP-6064 instances at the time as well as most SCP-6064 instances at the site being busy repairing damage caused by the earthquake, a single SCP-6064 instance rewrote the 28.4 thousand lost documents. This instance was able to write documents at notably high speeds without pausing, allowing it to complete the necessary writing in eight days.

> 

> After one day the instance began to fidget as it wrote; this became more intense one day later. The entity then began attempting to leave the location of which it was typing but was unable to for unknown reasons. Four days into writing, several unknown pointed objects manifested within the SCP-6064 instance and began to protrude from its back; however, they were not able to puncture the entity's coating before it finished its task, and afterwards the objects demanifested. Between the manifestation of these objects and the instance completing its work, it attempted to remove its coverings several times, all unsuccessful.

> 

> **Notes:** This was the first known sighting of an object appearing within an instance of SCP-6064. Since this event, 58 other such manifestations have been observed. 

 

> **Event-6064-A2:**

> **Location Site-287:** 

> **Date** 2020/3/18

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> During the construction of Site-287 a large portion of the site collapsed due to human error. While no one was harmed in the event, attempting to remove the rubble would have caused the site's construction to exceed the given deadline. To minimize lost time, an SCP-6064 instance picked up a large portion of the rubble and proceeded to throw it approximately 50 meters away before the rest was cleaned up by other SCP-6064 instances with minimal effort. The weight of the material thrown is estimated at between 450 and 500 tons. 

> 

> The SCP-6064 instance that threw the rubble proceeded to collapse out of exhaustion. After collapsing, several discoid objects manifested within the instance's coating. The instance remained prone for the following 35 months during which many more discoid objects formed within its coating. During this time, the instance began emitting a faint buzzing noise that became more and more audible until the instance eventually returned to activity. Since this event, the instance has not fully recovered, has a noticeable limp, and works at lower efficiency than other instances.

> 

> **Notes:** This event gave valuable information regarding the nature of SCP-6064, notably that one is capable of drawing upon an arbitrary amount of energy at the cost of incapacitating it for some time. 

> **Event-6064-A3:**

> **Location:** Area-12

> **Date:** 2020/3/27

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> On 2020/3/27 an SCP-6064 instance manifested inside of a janitor's closet at Area-12. After manifesting, the instance fell out of the closet before showing signs of distress and then resuming normal behavior. The following is security footage of the event.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **[Begin log]**

> 

> **[13:41:28]** *Banging can be heard coming from a janitor closet.*

> 

> **[13:41:30]** *An SCP-6064 instance can be seen falling out of the closet.*

> 

> **[13:41:34] SCP-6064 instance:** He- Wha- Oh- uhh. Wow- damn- this- huh. Okay- okay. I'm not alone am I-  

> 

> **[13:41:34]** *as the instance speaks it repeatedly cuts itself off, and each time it does so its voice notably changes.*

>  

> **[13:41:43]** *The SCP-6064 instance stumbles to its feet. The instance is struggling to balance.*

> 

> **[13:41:52]** *A janitor can be seen entering the hallway.*

> 

> **[13:41:56] SCP-6064 instance:** Oh hey- hi- greetings- ugh. Yeah hey, you're Trill righ- wait do I know you- oh yeah it's you? I'm really feeling sorta disoriented you know- a bit foggy- a bit off- sorta like this isn't my skin- like my mind isn't right. Oh wait- wait- wait- wait what- oh god. Any idea what's going on. This feels wrong. I am not making sense to myself.

> 

> **[13:42:45]** *The SCP-6064 instance begins stumbling towards the janitor who is currently staring at the instance with a confused look.*

> 

> **[13:42:46] Janitor:** Are... you okay?

> 

> **[13:42:53]** **SCP-6064 instance:** I'm really sorry- I hope this isn't an inconvenience- you see I was in a car a second ago- you see I was just in the server room- you see-

> 

> **[13:42:56]** *The SCP-6064 instance stops moving and clutches its chest*

> 

> **[13:43:10] SCP-6064 instance:** Oh God- Jesus Christ- ow- oh god- it burns! Ah, it feels like I'm on fire- help acid burn- please help- Trill get this off- I just need to get this off- please help me- 

> 

> **[13:43:11]** *The SCP-6064 instance begins clawing at its face covering.*

> 

> **[13:43:17] SCP-6064 instance:** Wait no it's not coming off, it won't come off, oh god, please- whoever you are, trill, janitor, you, get this off of me, get me out, help me out, I just need to get off my- 

> 

> **[13:43:23]** *The instance stops clawing at its face and ceases having balance issues.*

> 

> **[13:43:24] SCP-6064 instance:** I know viewing that may have been distressing, but remember your orientation, such events are normal. Do not waste time contacting security or looking for an explanation. Time spent not working adds up and if you are not successful in cleaning the site to Foundation standards, the Foundation will hire an additional janitor leading to higher spending that could have been avoided. 

> 

> **[13:43:30]** *SCP-6064 instance walks past janitor silently.*

> 

> **[End Log]**

> 

> **Notes:** This is the first and only time in which an SCP-6064 instance was recorded near the time of its appearance. There have been many reports of personnel seeing SCP-6064 instances seconds after materialization but no such events have been recorded. This event is of very little use, information-wise, to the Foundation and may be deleted soon.

 

> **Event-6064-A4:**

> **Location:** Site-91

> **Date:** 2020/5/4

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> On 2020/5/4, a fire broke out within the basement levels of Site-91. The cause of this fire is believed to be a manufacturing error in the site's heating system. Additionally, the fire was not extinguished due to dysfunctional fire sprinklers. After the fire had begun spreading throughout the site, researcher Richard Hanks, believing everyone had escaped from the lower levels of the site, sealed the gates out of the site's basements to halt the spread of the fire. There were several staff members still in the basement levels of Site-91 including janitor Jebediah Caesar and site director Jay Carver. The following is the recorded camera footage of the event.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **[Begin Log]**

> 

> **[2:06:46]** *A locked blast door is seen to the left and Jebediah Caesar is on the ground and unconscious. An SCP-6064 instance is giving Jebediah CPR. Fire alarms are blaring and bathe the room in a red glow*

> 

> **[2:06:47] SCP-6064 instance:** Please stay alive, the site highly appreciates you. You help the morale of the site greatly. Please do not cease body functions if you can prevent yourself from doing so. It is unclear if you can hear me but if you are able to, know that despite the ease and lack of cost to obtaining a replacement for you, finding another willing human with a similar personality and agreeability is very unlikely.

> 

> **[2:08:21]** *Two guards enter the room escorting site director Carver. All are wearing Foundation issue gas masks*

> 

> **[2:08:24] Guard one:** Hey, why are ya helping out that old janitor. I feel like the door'd be a bit more important.

> 

> **[2:08:25]** *Guard two begins to attempt to open the blast door while Jay begins leaning on a nearby wall.*

> 

> **[2:08:27] SCP-6064 instance:** I would not be able to open the door without damaging it at the current moment and have already alerted several personnel to our presence. The cost of destroying the door outweighs the time saved doing so with it being very unlikely that the fire will spread through four floors in that time. Additionally, this janitor is currently known among many of the lower-level personnel and it would cause great emotional damage to said personnel in the event of their death. 

> 

> **[2:08:35] Guard one:** Jeez, ya could've given me the short version. Give me a sec while I report all this.

> 

> **[2:08:37]** *Guard one begins talking on their radio while guard two gives up opening the door.*

> 

> **[2:08:45]** *A gas pipe in the ceiling explodes, instantly killing guard one. Shrapnel from the blast hits guard two and Jay Carver, destroying Carver's gas mask and injuring guard two. Caesar is shielded by the SCP-6064 instance.*

> 

> **[2:08:46]** *The SCP-6064 instance begins to attempt to pick up Caesar before dropping them and moving towards Jay. The actions of dropping Caesar and walking towards director Carver are pained as the instance seems to resist doing so.*

> 

> **[2:08:48] SCP-6064 instance:** I-I am extremely s-sorry Caesar. D-despite your incidental contributions t-to the welllllllllllll BEING! of Site-Niiiiiiiiiinety o-one and your contributions ensuring this site re remains sanitary, site site site director J-Jay Caaarver, is of more i-importance than you- know that the Foundation will fi-find a repla- of which will cost it very little. You will be r-remembered.

> 

> **[2:08:53]** *The SCP-6064 instance begins to writhe as it walks before grabbing its right arm with its left one. The instance's right arm struggles before going limp and what appears to be an arm underneath the instance's covering moves through the instances coating up to its head where it begins clawing at the fabric. The arm within the fabric has no visible ring or middle finger.*

> 

> **[2:07:03]** *The instance's right arm grabs the rim of the metal covering where it meets the fabric covering and its left arm goes limp.*

> 

> **[2:07:08]** *A second arm is seen under the fabric as both arms begin clawing at the covering.*

> 

> **[2:07:12]** *The instance's head covering tears open causing an explosion of blood and water from within the instance's coverings.*

> 

> **[2:07:14]** *The instance falls to the ground revealing that the entity's skin is made up of several different pieces of skin fused together. The skin attachment is seamless but it is clear that it was not originally a single entity's skin. The entity is hairless and covered in hundreds of cuts, some being fresh while others are scars. There are fishhooks lodged into the entity's skin and its hands are missing large chunks that would contain its palms alongside their middle and ring fingers. The entity's loud sobbing can be heard.*

> 

> **[2:07:17]** *The entity pulls itself out of its suit making several cracking and tearing noises. Once it is out of its suit a large rectangular patch of skin on the entity's back can be seen to be missing. The Foundation's insignia is branded into the entity's upper back, and a large piece of the entity's abdomen and crotch is missing, dividing its lower body in half.*

> 

> **[2:07:30]** *The entity begins crawling towards Caesar leaving a trail of blood behind it. Several fishhooks attached by string to the entity's discarded suit fly outwards and dig into the instance's skin before returning to the suit, creating large incisions in the entity. The SCP-6064 instance screams.*

> 

> **[2:07:58]** *The entity reaches Caesar and looks up revealing one of its eyes to be punctured with a fishhook.*

> 

> **[2:08:04]** *The instance grabs Caesar and begins crying into their shoulder.*

> 

> **[2:08:13] SCP-6064 instance:** I'm sorry this-I wish-, I'm sorry-… I don't know- … goodbye- Why- Jeb oh god- … You were there for me- you were there for us- I wish I could have saved you- I wish it didn't have to end like this- Why did you have to die here- Those bastards are gonna pay-. 

> 

> **[2:09:07]** *Two large fishhooks extend from the entity's covering and each impales one of the entity's legs and begins to drag it towards the suit. As this happens many other smaller hooks extend and wrap themselves around the entity's limbs and dig into its skin, causing it to bleed. Smoke can be seen entering the room and orange light is seen down the hall.*

> 

> **[2:09:08] SCP-6064 instance:** Goodbye, I will never for-, goodbye, I loved-, there's no hope is there-

> 

> **[2:09:08]** *The entity begins screaming and attempts to crawl away, breaking many of the fishhooks as it does so. A large hook extends and  swiftly rips off the entity's shoulder blade revealing the organs underneath. Instead of normal innards, a patchwork of random organs fused together similar to the skin is seen.*

> 

> **[2:09:10] SCP-6064 instance:** Why must we be the ones who pay in sweat and blood- When they are in debt to us- ...Was life any different.

> 

> **[2:09:12]** *A large hook pierces the instance's forehead and pulls the instance into the suit emitting several loud cracking noises as the entity is forced into place. The head covering then quickly reforms. It resumes normal SCP-6064 behavior, picks up Jay Carver, tears open the blast door, and runs out.*

> 

> **[END LOG]**

> 

> **Notes:** Currently this is the only known occurrence of an SCP-6064 instance being seen outside of its coverings. There have been several complaints regarding this incident, mostly pertaining to the number of safety issues that led to the severity of the incident. Currently, the remodeling of all utilities that led to the fire being able to destroy the basement levels of Site-91 is under consideration and review.

<< [SCP-6063](SCP-6063) | SCP-6064 | [SCP-6065](SCP-6065) >>
