---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6626's own cognitοhazardous effects negate the need for active containment or information suppression procedures. It has been publicly identified as the "Chapel of Heavenly Ladder", an artwork by Foundation Front "Artists United for Faith", and all witnesses of past anomalous events have been amnesticized and given new identities. A security fence is erected around the Monastery's garden, and security cameras monitor the perimeter at all times. Passive pressure sensors line the perimeter of SCP-6626 and security personnel must be on standby to deter possible trespassing attempts at all times. 

**Description:** SCP-6626 is a 18’6″ x 23′ x 23′ 

building made of 7cm thick steel plates welded together and supported by a structure of interconnected steel beams. It is located in the garden of the Lazarists Monastery in the Stavroupoli"City of the Cross" in Greek. region of Thessaloniki, Greece. A door is located in the north side of the building, which is decorated with multiple crosses of varying size and shape. This decoration is only present in the North side of the building. 

Inside the building, there is a stone well, dubbed **SCP-6626-1** whose opening descends 13 meters below the ground. At its bottom there is a small puddle of extremely clear water Measured at 0.002 NTU (Nephelometric Turbidity Units) which has been found to partially replicate [SCP-500](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-500)'s effects. A single roughly carved wooden cross decorates the handle of the well. 

Next to the well is the main feature of the building, a 13 meter long pinewood ladder dubbed **SCP-6626-2**. The ladder ascends through a 70×70cm opening on the top of the building, and appears to be suspended on the air. No connection point exists between the walls and the ladder, with the exception of the floor. 

When an individual climbs the ladder, they will begin experiencing a feeling of unease, which will gradually shift to an experience generally described by test subjects as "euphoria". Once a subject reaches the top of the ladder, all contact with the outside world will cease and the subject will have effectively vanished, having entered a pocket dimension identified as **6626-3**. 

Immediately following the vanishing, water of equivalent volume to the subject's mass will disappear from the puddle within SCP-6626-1. This effect will however deteriorate or cease altogether if [REDACTED]. 

It is however possible for a subject to communicate with Foundation personnel after this Event. At seemingly random times, personnel present in the containment zone will be aware of one or multiple entities present, which identify themselves as the test subjects and describe their experience "on the other side".Quote: D-1259 This experience is always described as pleasuring and fulfilling, and all test subjects have so far directly referred to SCP-6626-3 with multiple names that identify the afterlife of positively faithful subjects of their own religion (heaven). 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

## * ##black|BY ORDER OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL##

##black|The following information is Level 4/6626 classified. Unauthorized access is forbidden.##

= **##black|6626##**

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6626's entrance must be sealed at all times. No personnel are to enter the building, and all individuals attempting to climb the staircase must be stopped before they reach the top. Observation of the volume of water inside SCP-6626-1 is of paramount importance and in the event of a containment breach (an individual managing to ascend to the top of SCP-6626-2) the puddle is to be immediately refilled with Holy Water (blessed by an ordained priest of any religion but of rank at least equivalent to a Catholic cardinal), if need be, until it reaches its original volume. In the event of continuous containment breaches, additional measures are to be implemented to counter SCP-6626's manifesting cognitihazardous effects and all sites housing anomalies associated with [REDACTED] are to be in active stand by for containment breaches. 

The public should be led to believe that SCP-6626-2 is a ladder to an afterlife for positively faithful subjects of their own religion (heaven/paradise/etc.) by any means necessary. Any and all information regarding SCP-6626's adverse effects is to be restricted to personnel with a Level 4 and higher security clearence. Alteration of the SCP file for Levels 1-3 is authorized for this purpose. Under no circumstances is lethal action to be taken in Monastery grounds. 

**Additional information for LEVEL 4 PERSONNEL ONLY:**

**Addendum 6626-A - Incident Reports Alpha 1 to Beta 6**

| INCIDENT DESCRIPTION | ENTITY | FOLLOW UP | PRECEDED BY TEST No. |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Security guard stationed outside SCP-6626 reports listening to an unknown entity claiming that "it is very happy and doesn't miss the old world" | D-1259 | Entity disappears before researchers arrive on site. Security guard interviewed and amnesticized | Alpha 1 |
| Foundation personnel stationed outside SCP-6626 report that an unknown entity invited them to join them "in paradise" followed by a lengthy description of idyllic flower-filled fields. Reported to be "strongly compelled" to at least "take a peek". | D-2004 | Entity disappears before researchers arrive on site. All personnel involved in the incident amnesticized and reassigned. | Alpha 12 |
| Bright light appears above the staircase, in the presumed entrance of the pocket dimension. Clearly human face is seen smiling and waving to distressed non-Foundation bystanders. | D-1699 | Witnesses detained and amnesticized. Expressed strong desire to try and "join the happy man on the sky". Water vanished from within SCP-6626-2 is found to be half of D-1699's mass | Alpha 20 |
| Humanoid entity descends from staircase and makes contact with stationed security guards outside SCP-6626. Guards follow the entity inside SCP-6626 and ascend the ladder, disappearing inside SCP-6626-2 | D-5631 | = Recontainment personnel unable to re-establish contact with the vanished guards. Additional security measures implemented due to the increase in the frequency between Events. The volume of water vanishing from SCP-6626-3 is observed to be half of D-5631 and the security guards' masses combined | Alpha 25 |
| Loud voice announces that "heaven is open". Voice is heard around the entire city block | D-1005 | Distressed citizens gather in the Monastery grounds, and demand an explanation from Foundation personnel. Several elderly citizens attempt to access SCP-6626, and are forcibly detained by security guards. Subjects demonstrate a strong resistance to amnestics. No water vanishes from within SCP-6626-3 | Alpha 28 |
| [ SCP-2317](scp-2317 )'s sixth chain is broken. | D-1029 | [REDACTED] | Alpha 29 |
Following Incident Alpha 29, SCP-6626 has been reclassified as Keter, and extensive additional research has been ordered. Any and all gathered data regarding SCP-6626 is to be reviewed and no further tests are to be conducted. Under no circumstances are any more persons to be allowed to enter SCP-6626-2. 

**Addendum 6626-B - Spatial Topography notes**

> **By: Dr. McCain**

> 

> [...] It quickly became evident that SCP-6626's spatial topography was off, to say the least. Even since the first experiment, a multitude of sensor malfunctions accompanied each test subject's exposure to SCP-6626-2. The compass attached to the subject severely malfunctioned, and the altimeter displayed negative values, which further deteriorated as the test subject was climbing the staircase. These effects, confirmed by further tests, pointed to a unique alteration in SCP-6626's alignment towards the horizon. I currently believe that SCP-6626 is subject to a reversed universal position, ie. it is suspended from the sky as opposed to pointing towards it. That would explain the readings of the sensors during our D-class' climbs; instead of climbing towards the sky, they were descending down to earth. 

> 

> This, combined with the atmospheric sensors' malfunction during the tests, could mean that the "surface" of the earth, in SCP-6626's inverted spatial topography roughly correlates with the top of the cube. Therefore, when a person climbs through the roof of the cube, they're essentially literally descending *into* the earth. That could explain the vanishing of the D-class, as well as the fact that they're still able to communicate. Could they be buried in a pocket dimension underneath the ground? But then, what about the fact that we saw them climbing? Optical illusion? I believe that more research is required in order to [remainder of the topographic report is ommited]

**Addendum 6626-C - Diary of Father Leonardo Sicarie**

> **Background:** Following the extensive research ordered by Site Director D. Rogers, a diary was discovered in the Monastery's archives, containing the memories of Father Leonardo Sicarie, the founder and first priest of the Lazarists Monastery. The following is the last entries to the diary, translated from Latin. 

> 

> *Dec 21, 1876*

> 

> I have finally arrived to the great city of Salonika. Such a beautiful place, full of peoples of every race. One of the very few places I have seen in my trip where Turks interact peacefully with the Greeks. I feel like I'm in the center of humanity here, where in every stroll in the Port one can hear around them all the languages known to man. I believe that my work here will be fruitious. Bless the Lord. 

> 

> *Dec 24, 1876*

> 

> Building has began, and I have now officially moved to my new temporary residency in the valley next to the work site. Locals call this place the Valley of the Cross, and it is a fitting name. From the very first moment I stepped my foot outside the cab, I felt the Lord's presence around and inside me. Flowers seem to bloom everywhere I look at, and there's a bizzare joy filling the air even in the cold nights of December. Bless the Lord, for I feel that I am exactly where I needed to be. 

> 

> *Dec 25, 1876*

> 

> I know not how to explain, but I know what to feel. The Lord has appeared to me in a vision on this day of his Son's Birth. He has showed me my mission, the higher calling He wishes me to answer. This Valley has indeed been chosen, and I am but the messenger to the world. As Joseph was a carpenter and built the staircase for the Son to come to the world, I too shall be a carpenter and make the staircase for the Human to climb to His grace. This has been my calling. This is the mission I see clear as Heaven's Light. 

> 

> *Jan 1, 1877*

> 

> The ladder has been finished,just in time for a new year and a new beginning. It is a magnificent sight, standing alone in the middle of the Valley, unsupported by Human means, as if it's hanging directly from the Sky. The workers have abandoned the construction of the Monastery and have gathered around the ladder, praising the Lord and me, His Chosen messenger. I know that they, like me, feel His might and see His light all around us. 

>

> *Jan 6, 1877*

> 

> A beautiful miracle occurred today. An old woman was carried to my residence this morning, by her grieving children, who brought her here all the way from Salonika. I know not how they found out about our holy work here, since we haven't had any visitors from the city, and the only ones that know about it are our local workers. Sick and deathly she was, when they kneeled on my door and begged me to allow her to join her Father in the Sky. I had not thought of the ladder in the most litteral sense until that time, however it occurred to me that they were right. The full magnificense and Divinity of His plan finally became apparent. He wanted His children to join Him in his home, in our home in the sky. He wanted me to set the way for them to climb to Him. 

> 

> Astonished, I helped Katrina's children carry her to the ladder, and lifted her to the first step. Our worries of how we would be able to help her reach the top vanished, when, miraculously, she lifted her head, opened her eyes, and with a smile in her old face she started climbing. We all fell to the ground and started praising His name, and we barely got a glimpse of her dress disappearing as she reached the top of the stairs. And then, O Lord Your works, her voice, sounding as if she was young and healthy again, called to us from the tops, thanking us for allowing her to go to her Father, saying her goodbyes to her children. Bless the Lord. 

> 

> *Jan 9, 1877*

> 

> Word of the ladder has reached the city, and people from around the Valley and from Salonika have gathered in the field to watch. They have set up tents around the staircase, praying and singing hymns all day...what a miracle, to listen to these voices of Muslims, Jews, Orthodox, all singing our Catholic hymns in harmony. I have never seen anything like that, but the Lord works in mysterious ways. Then, one by one, they will hear the lord's calling and rush to the ladder, only to disappear on the top, with their voice soon filling the air and calling to others to join them as well. Miraculous. 

> 

> *Jan 12, 1877*

> 

> I know not how to explain, but I know what to feel. Sheer terror has filled the Valley, and the authorities at Salonika are panicking. One hundred and thirty five people have thus far climbed the ladder to escape to the sky, and one hundred and thirty five voices are singing in the sky. Figures descend from the heavenly staircase every day, to drag others with them. People from the city are still rushing to the field to find their salvation, but I am not so sure about the wisdom of it anymore. What have I done? What has He done? Is this His will? 

> 

> *Jan 13, 1877*

> 

> I have made a terrible mistake

> 

> Not the Lord I've brought here, but the bottom of the

> hell

> 

> I dug a well today, a hole to the sky. I finally found the mistake I'd made, the ladder didn't lead up top, it lead to belowThey wouldn't let me finish. 

> 

> I reached the water and felt His True Light for the first time since I arrived here. Oh how I was deceived! How different it feels than the false god that was whispering in my ears all this time! Everything was wrong, everything was [TEXT DAMAGED] I made a rough cross and placed it on the well, they won't dare 

> 

> Bless our Lord. I am finally ascending. 

**Addendum 6626-D - Inscription found at the bottom of the cube during the extended additional research**

> {{Once a human}}

> 

> {{Once impure}}

> 

> {{Heaven's promise}}

> 

> {{Calls upon you}}

> 

> {{False idols, and so beware}}

> 

> {{Sometimes your sacrifice}}

> 

> {{Allows darker ones to come through}}

> 

> {{A soul is always exchanged with another.}}

> 

> {{And heaven's light was always nothing more than the darkness' cover.}}

@@ @@

=====

> **Filename:** SCP6626.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6626)

=====
