_

SCP-6248

**Item #:** SCP-6248

**Class:** Thaumiel

**Sacrae Causā Prōcēdendae:** Holy Site-6248 has been established about SCP-6248. All Xerophyllan pilgrims to this site are to be welcomed and bade to consume SCP-6248-α.

Those who endure the consumption of SCP-6248-α shall be taught to follow pilgrimage once every moon and to pass this tradition unto their children. Those who suffer adverse symptoms from the consumption of SCP-6248-α are to be put to the sword to contain the spread of contagion.

By orders from the highest echelons of the *Fundamentum*, study of the composition of SCP-6248-α is barred.

**Description:** SCP-6248 is a cursed spring upon Glastonbury Tor. The mouth of the spring holds the form of two straight crevasses upon the earth which intersect at a right angle. The longitudinal crevasse runs from north to south for six meters. The latitudinal crevasse runs from east to west for four meters. The latitudinal crevasse intersects the longitudinal crevasse two meters from the northernmost point.

SCP-6248-α is the White Phlegm of Yvith, which gushes from SCP-6248. Its material composition is unknown. It is a liquid, thicker than water yet thinner than oil, colored white and sweet upon the tongue. Should it be transported away from SCP-6248, it shall turn putrid and sour in the time of three days. It shall no longer be safe for any to consume.

Upon consumption of the White Phlegm of Yvith, two of every three people notice no immediate effect. The remaining one becomes afflicted by an illness of the stomach. They report, variously, pain within the abdomen, a churning of the bile, a swelling of stomach, the expulsion of air from the behind, and, in extreme cases, the expulsion of liquified fecal matter. It is believed that this is a curse laid by Yvith to prevent the consumption of her White Phlegm and spread contagion throughout Xerophylla.

Those that survive the White Phlegm of Yvith without being put to the sword oft return to drink from SCP-6248 repeatedly. It has been noted that those who return to SCP-6248 are of greater strength and stature and have better teeth than the general population.

Those that survive the White Phlegm of Yvith are to be kept under watch, so they and their bloodlines might be recruited into the Phlegm Troopers of the *Fundamentum* so as to fight the endless Darkness of Evropa.

= << [SCP-6247](SCP-6247) | SCP-6248 | [SCP-6249](SCP-6249) >>

=====

> **Filename:** tor

> **Name:** Glastonbury Tor (7243617228).jpg

> **Author:** Lies Thru a Lens

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Glastonbury_Tor_(7243617228).jpg

=====
