:root{

   --header-title: "Department of Spectral Affairs";

   --header-subtitle: "Office of Spectral Entity Diplomacy";

   --misc-txt-color: #FFFFFF;

   --header-txt-color: #E5E5E5;

     --darkmode-gradient-top: #5D79FF;

     --darkmode-gradient-bottom: #000823;

     --accent: 69,85,163;

     --link-txt-color: #FFC30B;

   ~~logo-img: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/welcome-to-spectral-affairs/new_spectral_affairs_logo.png)

}

}

:root {

    --four-color: 102, 64, 179;

    --two-color: 102, 64, 179;

}

---

**Assigned Site**

**Area of Deployment**

**Lead Agent**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-237

Platte County, Wyoming

Patrick Scholz

Iota-20 ("Silver Daggers") 

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation webcrawlers are to discredit any media or discussions of SCP-6187-1 or -2 events to uphold the narrative that they are merely hoaxes or urban legends. Furthermore, Class G amnestics are to be administered to witnesses of SCP-6187 to cause them to doubt their exact accounts.

Evidence left behind from SCP-6187-2 events is to be collected and covered up by MTF Iota-20 ("Silver Daggers") and members of Site-78's MTF Sigma-26 ("Shinigami's Eyes").

Site-78 personnel are to aid in Site-237's investigation of SCP-6187 until the anomaly is contained.

**Description:** SCP-6187 is a Class 4-3-3 spectral entity resembling a blonde human female in her early 20s that speaks with a heavy midwestern accent. SCP-6187 is capable of inflicting third-degree burns or anomalous combustion via physical touch. The limit to what SCP-6187 can ignite is not known at this time.

SCP-6187-A is a flaming horse ridden by SCP-6187 during manifestations. SCP-6187-A's flames are anomalous in that they range in temperature from around 20C to 2000C based on SCP-6187's temperament.

SCP-6187 manifestations are designated into SCP-6187-1 and SCP-6187-2 events. SCP-6187-1 events usually precede an SCP-6187-2 event, always occurring after sunset and ending before sunrise. SCP-6187 appears in a non-populated area within Platte County, Wyoming, and rides SCP-6187-B. 

SCP-6187-2 events involve SCP-6187 manifesting near an individual who has committed criminal acts. SCP-6187 will pursue the individual on SCP-6187-B until they have caught the victim and will inflict harm upon them based on the crime they've committed. During the sixty-year period that SCP-6187 was believed to be active, only 30 SCP-6187-2 events have been speculated to have occurred, however, the frequency of which has increased since the late 2010s.

**Folkloristics Overview:** The "Pale Rider" is an entity described in Folk Tales told in Chugwater, Wyoming in the surrounding areas since 1962. The stories told were often the same and had the following features. The Pale Rider was said to be the restless spirit of Sheriff Aria Hoffman who rode a flaming horse and was identified by her pale complexion. The Pale Rider would appear to punish children who thought they could hide their crimes from their parents as well as criminals who escaped justice. 

This story appears to have come from the popularity of Sheriff Hoffman and reinforced by apparent sightings and claims by criminals that they were accosted or assaulted by the "Pale Rider".

**Discovery:** On 04/6/21, Foundations satellites detected a higher than normal level of ectoplasm Energy given off by spectral entities  around Chugwater, a known haven for spectral entities. Chugwater is home to [SCP-7970](SCP-7970), a Conscientia class anomaly that houses and employs 20 known spectral entities dedicated to providing gas and groceries to Chugwater residents. SCP-7970 is contracted by the Foundation to provide food, gas, and surveillance.  Suspecting a possible spectral anomaly, Site-237 dispatched Senior Field Agent Patrick Scholz and MTF Iota-20 from its [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/welcome-to-spectral-affairs Department of Spectral Affairs] to America to investigate.

With permission from Site-78's director Leah Richter, Iota-20 used Site-78 as its base of operations for the investigation. With assistance of [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/department-of-mythology-and-folkloristics-hub the Department of Folkloristics], Iota-20 began creating a profile of the suspected spectral entity now codenamed SCP-6187. The team compiled a list of potential sightings which can be found below.

| Date | Crime | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 11/12/2019 | Battery | Michael Rosenbaum (35) was seen in a heated argument with his wife at a pharmacy. Michael struck his wife with his right open hand before leaving. Later that night, Michael checked into Chugwater General suffering from third-degree burns on his hand. He claimed that the burns were caused by "some crazy carny" waiting for him outside  of his house. |
| 04/03/2020 | Street Racing, Reckless Endangerment | Sally D'Maze (17) and Peta Derza (19) had initiated an illegal race through the streets of Chugwater. During this race, Sally nearly hit a six-year-old child that had stumbled onto the road. Both young adults avoided jail time due to their parents paying hefty fines. Several days later after the race, both of them returned home on foot. They claimed that the "Pale Rider" visited them on the road and incinerated their cars after forcing them out. |
| 20/06/2020 | First-Degree Murder | Carl Longenfeld (28) was acquitted of killing a woman who had been the subject of a long-running missing person's case. It was believed that Carl's connections to the D.A's family got him off with a short prison sentence and a hefty fine. Carl was later found burning in a dumpster close to the Chugwater Formation. |
A breakthrough occurred on 10/6/21 when a car exploded violently forty five minutes after leaving SCP-7970. Forensic analysis of the scene found two bodies and the remains of dozens of illegal firearms and ammunition. Horse prints were found leading away from the scene. An employee from SCP-7970 who claimed to have served SCP-6187 before the event happened was brought in for questioning.

Interviewer: Agent Patrick Scholz

Interviewee: SCP-7970-1 Instance "Shelly Porter"

---

[Begin Recording]

**Scholz:** Guten Morgen. Can I get you anything, Miss Porter?

[Porter shakes her head.]

**Porter:** Naw, you're too kind! I'm here to serve you on behalf of Horton's partnership of the SCP Foundation! Not the other way around.

**Scholz:** Right, and we thank you for your cooperation. Now you said you were visited by a woman riding a fiery horse.

[Porter nods.]

**Porter:** Sure did! Sheriff Hoffman came down to get some water for her horse and she wanted to know what direction one of our customers was heading.

**Scholz:** You said the entity's name was Sheriff Hoffman. *The* Aria Hoffman?

**Porter:** I believe so! She was just like the stories my momma used to tell me. Anyways, I got her the water she needed and pointed her in the right direction.

**Scholz:** Did she say what her purpose in following them was?

**Porter:** She said that they were gunrunners taking illegal firearms to parts unknown. Rule 30 of Horton's handbook says employees are to cooperate with law enforcement when asked, so I had to oblige.

**Scholz:** I understand. I'm not trying to blame you for what happened. I just need to find Miss Hoffman before anyone else gets hurt. Do you have any idea why she's been making more appearances in town?

**Porter:** Well, it has been a lot easier for us to clock into work. Sometimes it takes a considerable effort to show up where everybody can see ya. She said she had some unfinished business in Chugwater, maybe it's making her antsy. I would try by the formation outside of town, lots of open space out there to ride a horse.

**Scholz:** Easier, huh? Thanks for the help.

 

**Addendum 6187.01:**  First contact with SCP-6187

During a stakeout, the joint Site-237/78 taskforce discovered SCP-6187 near a small lake. The following video recording of the encounter was taken from Agent Scholz's body cam.

[SCP-6187 is seen next to SCP-6187-A, petting it as it drinks from the lake. Sgt. John Cassington of MTF Sigma-27 hands Agent Scholz a pair of binoculars.]

**Cassington:** Well I'll be damned, that's the Pale Rider.

**Scholz:** This is your first time seeing a spectral entity, Sergeant?

**Cassington:** Besides those weird drones at Horton's? Yeah. I've heard the stories, of course. I've seen kids running to return hundred dollar bills at stores cause they were afraid the rider was gonna get 'em. (laughs)

**Scholz:** That's what I'm afraid of. This entity seems to have no regard for our rule of law. It's vigilantism and I won't stand for it.

**Cassington:** Were you a cop before this?

**Scholz:** Detective.

**Cassington:** Ha. That tracks.

**Scholz:** What do you mean by that?

**Cassington:** People out here in Chugwater believe in a more... small-town kinda justice. Cowboy stuff. They welcome what she's doing. You aren't gonna catch me losing sleep over some wifebeater losing his hands.

**Scholz:** Tch. We'd be no less than animals if we didn't follow the rules.

**Cassington:** Whatever you say. So what's the plan here? You're the resident ghost expert.

**Scholz:** No need to spook her. I'll go in alone, see if I can negotiate with her to come in quietly.

**Cassington:** You sure about that? You know what she could do to you.

**Scholz:** If Folkloristics was right, then I should be fine. I've never done anything wrong. Wish me luck.

[Agent Scholz approaches the lake. SCP-6187 looks up at him as he gets closer.]

**Scholz:** Sheriff Hoffman? My name is Patrick Scholz. Do you mind if I ask you some questions?

**SCP-6187:** You have nothing to fear from me, your soul is as innocent as a rabbit. You're a lawman correct?

**Scholz:** I used to be. 

**SCP-6187:** Well today's lawmen aren't doing enough. Two gunrunners slipped by their net. I dispensed the proper punishment.

**Scholz:** I know it's been quite a while since your time, but we don't burn men for their crimes. We put them on trial where they can be fairly judged by their peers.

**SCP-6187:** Where they would have likely gotten their sentences reduced through a deal? The guns they sell are the cause of countless deaths! You deal in death, you get dealt death back to you. That's my justice.

**Scholz:** We gave up on Eye for an Eye a long time ago, and for good reason. Now, I don't want this to get violent, but your presence here is causing quite a stir. I can't have anyone knowing that there's a ghostly sheriff roaming the hills of Wyoming.

**SCP-6187:** Not a lawman then. G-man, more like. I heard stories of men in black showing up when people saw things they shouldn't. Now you're trying to disappear me as well.

**Scholz:** I don't want to "disappear" you. The organization I work for can provide you with the right comforts and help find a way to put your soul to rest. Isn't that what you want?

**SCP-6187:** It is, but nothing you do will settle the fire I feel raging inside me. Do you know how I died, G-Man?

**Scholz:** Changing the subject.  No. I don't.

**SCP-6187:** Died in a horse fire.

**Scholz:** Umm, excuse me?

**SCP-6187:** They covered my horse in pitch, dragged me kicking and screaming from my house, and put me on her. *Whoosh.*

[SCP-6187 mimes a fire igniting with her hands.]

**SCP-6187:** Next I knew, everything was dark. But if I just concentrated hard enough on my home, I could come back. I kept doing what I did best but the one thing I could never solve was my own death.

**Scholz:** That happened sixty years ago. I doubt whoever did it is still alive.

**SCP-6187:** Oh he is. I can feel it. You get me his name and location, and I'll handle the rest. Only then will I hang up my hat.

**Scholz:** I... can't just give you another victim to put to the torch. We have rituals and spells for this sort of thing. We can find another way. 

**SCP-6187:** There is no other way. You can keep your fancy methods, the only thing I want is justice. And if you won't give it to me, then I'll keep burnin' the corruption out of Chugwater til I find him. It's your choice, G-man.

[End Recording]

**Addendum 6187.02:** Meeting with Site-78 Director Leah Richter

Following Agent Scholz's meeting with SCP-6187, the frequency of SCP-6187-2 events increased to 1-2 times per day. With injuries and casualties mounting, Iota-20 attempted to capture SCP-6187 several times, but were unsuccessful due to its anomalous properties.

﻿

With the veil potentially at risk, Scholz called for a meeting with Director Richter on how to proceed.

**Richter:** Good evening, Agent Scholz. How's small-town America been treating you?

**Scholz:** Just fine, thank you. I actually grew up in a small town myself. It makes me nostalgic for the simple life.

**Richter:** Nothing is ever too simple in Chugwater, including this Pale Rider case. I have to congratulate you for proving her existence. I'd speculated for some time that there was an anomaly behind that old legend.

**Scholz:** You're welcome. The anomaly's containment is proving more troublesome than I thought.

**Richter:** You're referring to the recent attacks.

**Scholz:** Her attacks have only gotten more frequent since we spoke. Chugwater doesn't exactly have a lot of criminals, but the surrounding areas do. Hospitals are filling up with burn victims.

**Richter:** That's because the legend does wonders for stemming crime here. The residents of Chugwater are cut of a different cloth. Legends are as real to them as the air around us.

**Scholz:** So I've noticed. 

**Richter:** What has Site-237 said about the situation? Are they sending more resources to deal with the anomaly?

**Scholz:** Any reinforcements won't be here for another week. My director has stated I am to follow your lead, as I'm now acting under SCP-EN jurisdiction.

**Richter:** Then it falls to me to give the order to hand SCP-6187 what it wants. I understand your thoughts on law and order but they are getting in the way of conserving normalcy.

**Scholz:** The Foundation isn't at the beck and call of blackmailers. Diplomacy failed, so we have to go with the nuclear option.

**Richter:** Or you were just unwilling to compromise your beliefs. You and the anomaly are the same in that regard.

[Richter tosses a folder toward Scholz.]

**Richter:** Barnabas Schmidt. Son of Tortimer Schmidt. Tortimer and several associates ran an illegal moonshining ring here in Chugwater. Shortly before her death, Hoffman busted the ring and arrested everyone involved except for Barnabas, who skipped town the day prior. 

[Richter adjusts her glasses.]

**Richter:** Tortimer and his men end up getting off due to a corrupt judge. My guess is Barnabas felt guilty leaving his old man out to dry. Killed Hoffman for revenge.

**Scholz:** Mein Gott, this is-

**Richter:** The photos are hard to look at, yeah. And the sick son of a bitch who did it is living on a ranch just outside the city.

**Scholz:** (shaking his head) Never thought I'd see pictures like this again. Why not take this evidence to the police? Surely they-

**Richter:** -won't do anything. There's no hard evidence that Barnabas is responsible. It could have been any one of Tortimer's crew but Barnabas happens to be the only one still alive.

**Scholz:** I've had cases like this, but there's always a silver lining. I'm not... I'm not gonna have this old man murdered on a hunch. 

**Richter:** Sometimes we do have to compromise our beliefs in the face of Armageddon. It's the cost of working at the Foundation.

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-ninth-world-hub The world is changing], Scholz, and it's not just the spirits who are more restless. The way we deal with anomalies has to change or we will fall beneath their heel.

Now give her that folder. That's an order.

[End Recording]

**Addendum 6187.03:** SCP-6187 encounter with Barnabas Schmidt.

On 12/6/21, Agent Scholz delivered the name and location of Barnabas Schmidt to SCP-6187 during an SCP-6187-A event. Agent Scholz accompanied SCP-6187 to observe the ensuing -B event.

The following record was taken from Scholz's bodycam.

[SCP-6187 and Scholz dismount from SCP-6187-A. Scholz takes a couple steps forward towards the house.]

**Scholz:** Thank you for allowing me to come along.

**SCP-6187:** I was surprised you had a a change of heart. I still smell a whiff of your guilty conscience.

**Scholz:** I had to make sure that if I was condmening a man to death that it was the right one. Are you ready?

[Scholz turns and sees that SCP-6187 has not left SCP-6187-A's side. Her hands are trembling at the reigns.]

**Scholz:** Hoffman? Are you alright?

**SCP-6187:** Y-yes I am.

**Scholz:** Then step forward.

**SCP-6187:** I... I...

[Agent Scholz grabs SCP-6187 by the hand.]

**Scholz:** It's alright. We'll confront him together.

[Scholz and SCP-6187 approach the front door. The anomaly pauses for a second at the door before knocking.]

**SCP-6187:** Barnabas Schmidt? Are you in there?

**Schmidt:** Go away woman! I'm not taking any visitors.

**Scholz:** Hold on, let me try. This geezer probably won't respond to anyone but a man.

[Scholz clears his throat.]

**Scholz:** Office Scholz! Chugwater PD, I'd like to ask a few questions.

**Schmidt:** Well come on in! Should a said somethin before letting your secretary do the talkin.

**SCP-6187:** (scoffs) Glad to see some things never change.

[SCP-6187 tries the door to find it open. They look around for a moment before entering the living room. Barnabas Schmidt is seen in a recliner, with an oxygen mask and a tank by his chair.]

**Schmidt:** (coughs) What the hell, they lettin' Krauts into the Chugwater PD now? (coughs)  

**Scholz:** Gonna ignore that. Good evening Mr. Schmidt, me and my partner here wanted to ask you a few questions regarding Sheriff Aria Hoffman.

**Schmidt:** Sheriff, who now?

[Schmidt takes a breath from his oxygen mask.]

**Scholz:** She was a Sheriff from 1960-1961. I know it was a long time ago but we believe that you may be responsible for her murder.

**Schmidt:** What the hell is up with your partner? She's pale as shit. You don't get any sun?

**SCP-6187:** That's rich. Considerin' you practically made me one.

[SCP-6187 approaches Schmidt's chair and takes its hat off.]

**SCP-6187:** You 'member Aria now you piece of shit?

**Schmidt:** Is this some kinda practical joke? I didn't know no Aria Hoffman and I sure as hell don't know some pasty bitch.

**SCP-6187:** Oh, yes you do. I remember your face now and behind it I see a soul that's painted black with my death and the pain of countless others. I should be in this chair surrounded by my grandkids. But you made sure that I didn't get to have any of that.

[SCP-6187 grabs Schmidt by the chin, digging its fingers into his face.]

**Schmidt:** G-get this bitch of me! Officer! This (coughs) is assault!

**Scholz:** Hoffman! That's not how we operate. We still have no hard evidence he did what you said he did.

**SCP-6187:** Are my power not enough for you? You know I'm always right. This is my killer! He probably just has dementia and doesn't remember but I have ways of making him talk.

[Scholz attempts to grab SCP-6187's arm but reels back in pain.]

**SCP-6187:** Not another step, G-man. Or I'll set that tank off and blow us all to hell.

**Scholz:** What if you're wrong? What if your vision isn't always absolute?

**SCP-6187:** No innocent has ever been burned by my hands. No collateral damage.

**Scholz:** Then you must have missed one. When I was twenty years old, I didn't pay a parking ticket.

**SCP-6187:** Wh-what?

**Scholz:** That's right. The only crime I ever committed and you said my soul was white as snow. That means your ability can be wrong. Maybe you're right, maybe he did set you on fire. But we don't dole out punishments unless we know beyond a reasonable doubt.

[SCP-6187 pauses for a brief moment.]

**SCP-6187:** Then prove it then. You said you were a lawman once. Find something in this house that proves he didn't do it.

**Scholz:** Right. You got a lot of pictures, Schmidt? Old ones?

**Schmidt:** Of course I do. I was the town photographer for Christ's sake. They're all over the walls, have a look.

[Agent Scholz begins looking through Schmidt's collection, frantically.]

**Scholz:** Aria. Have you ever posed for any pictures? Public ones?

**SCP-6187:** Of course... It's uh, a little hazy but ummm. There was this one time at... a fair. I won the shooting competition.

**Scholz:** Is it this one?

[Scholz stops on a picture of a woman resembling SCP-6187 holding a first place ribbon in the arms of a man. He takes it down and shows it to SCP-6187.]

**SCP-6187:** Now I remember. This was a few days before I passed. Peter was so damn proud of me. The photographer asked us for our picture and I'd gave him my address to send it to me... wait.

**Scholz:** That's how he found you. 

**SCP-6187:** Oh, yes. I was so stupid! How did I not see that coming?

**Schmidt:** 'Cause stupid as shit girls like you are so damn vain, you'll do anything for a way to show off.

**Scholz:** So admit it to it? Huh? Did you kill Aria Hoffman?

**Schmidt:** It's coming back to me now. She took everything my family had! I was just settling the score!

**SCP-6187:** (yelling) I was asleep! What, you couldn't handle a 120-pound woman, you fucking coward?

**Scholz:** What about Peter, whatever happened to him?

**SCP-6187:** I tried to find him when I'd came back but... he didn't last too long in the world without me. He wanted to be with me, but little did he know, the spirit world ain't exactly work like that.

**Scholz:** Fuck. No. Not again.

[Scholz drops the picture frame, looking down at it.]

**Scholz:** I remember a case just like yours. Wife died, her husband couldn't live without her, you know the rest. I thought I had done my best to investigate the son of bitch that did it but- the courts failed the family. Jury ruled that the evidence was too circumstantial.

Maybe the system is broken after all, maybe we're all in need of some 'cowboy justice.

[Scholz looks at SCP-6187.]

**Scholz:** I'm leaving now. Do what you have to.

**Schmidt:** Wait, you can't leave me here with this crazy bitch? That's against the law!

[Scholz doesn't say another word as he leaves the house. A faint bit of audio can be made out.]

**SCP-6187:** Do you know what it's like to burn, Barnabas? What it's like to smell your flesh melting and your hair burning? I didn't go quick and neither will you.

[End Recording.]

Following this event, SCP-6187 has not been seen since. Containment class has been updated to Neutralized.

<< [SCP-6186](SCP-6186) | SCP-6187 | [SCP-6188](SCP-6188) >>

=====

> **Filename: House-burning-jpg

> **Author:** Pexels

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** https://pixabay.com/ja/photos/%E7%87%83%E3%81%88%E3%81%9F-%E7%81%AB-%E6%B6%88%E9%98%B2%E5%A3%AB-%E7%82%8E-%E7%86%B1-1851563/

=====
