#page-title {

text-align: center;

}

#page-title::after {

content: "by Liryn";

font-size: 50%;

color: #888;

}

div.blockquote {

border-color: transparent;

padding: 1rem 2rem;

margin: 3rem auto;

}

div.blockquote.a {

background-color: #e6d2a3;

}

div.blockquote.b {

background-color: #e3e3e9;

}

**Item #:** SCP-6230

**Object Class:** Pending

**Special Containment Procedures:** Derelict SCP Foundation facilities are biennially revisited in order to ensure that SCP-6230 has not developed inside them. Affected facilities are placed under indefinite external supervision.

The assessment of a known or suspected SCP-6230-affected facility must be performed with extreme caution; any abnormalities necessitate immediate evacuation.

**Description:** SCP-6230 is a sparsely-documented anomalous phenomenon affecting an unknown quantity of forsaken SCP Foundation facilities at any given time: the generation of new interior spaces.

SCP-6230 is known only to affect facilities which have remained wholly undisturbed for periods ranging between two and four years. When an affected facility is next entered, those inside may happen upon an additional set of rooms, corridors, or other environmental features categorically not present at the time of abandonment.

Spaces generated by SCP-6230 ~~ never observable from outside the affected facility ~~ closely mimic the architectural qualities of their containing stucture, manifesting as extensions of pre-existing areas. This entails that SCP-6230 is often challenging to identify; it is presumably possible for one to unknowingly enter and pass through an instance without alarm.

Though the majority of SCP-6230 instances do not continue far past the original boundaries of their containing structure, a small amount are known to extend for vast distances, featuring more complex architecture.

**Description:** SCP-001 is a pattern of novel dream activity occurring chiefly in children, the middle-aged, and the elderly.

Dreamers report their return to a place of deep-seated sentimental importance, most often a childhood home. The place is abandoned, or empty of people, and silent—though beholding an appearance almost identical to that of the dreamer's memory. The dreamer then iteratively navigates their way through this place, revisiting and reminiscing on personally significant areas or objects.

**Facility:** Site-297 (Brașov, Romania)

**Situation of Abandonment:** Dwindling resources forced assets and personnel belonging to Site-297 to merge with the developing Area-60 in Bucharest. Formally decommissioned in 2004.

**Summary of Instance:** Complex maze of nondescript maintenance hallways extending for a combined three-hundred fifty-four meters; a small number of repeating storage rooms are the only other features, accessible via windowless doors lining the passages. Hallways toward the extreme of the instance begin to unnaturally curve upward, terminating at a sheer incline.

Investigating persons report a foul, chlorinous smell.

After a short while, the dreamer will happen upon an area of their place which evokes a sense of unease. It resembles what the dreamer knows, but it does not feel known. It is at this point that the dream takes its crucial turn:

At the deepest point of this area (perhaps the part of it which evokes the most discomfort) the dreamer discards a curtain, a piece of furniture, or some other obstruction, to reveal

**Facility:** Site-85 (Texas City, Texas, USA)

**Situation of Abandonment:** A record of poor response time paired with an inoptimal distribution of funds over a twenty-year period resulted in Site-85's shutdown in 1998, by direct order of the Department‌ ‌of‌ ‌Internal‌ ‌Affairs. Resources and anomalies were removed to adjacent facilities in the southern United States.

**Summary of Instance:** Railed winder staircase, descending uninterrupted for approximately forty meters, leading to a small circular room illuminated by a flickering spotlight. Staircase is visibly weathered, appearing as if used for many years.

Scraps of wet paper are scattered throughout the instance, predominantly on each staircase landing. Moisture seeps in from above, precipitating rampant mold growth.

**Facility:** Outpost-1094 (Tokushima, Shikoku, Japan)

**Situation of Abandonment:** An esoteric materials breach in 2007 ruined much of Outpost-1094's waste processing infrastructure and destroyed a number of contained anomalies. The facility was closed for renovation the following year, but never resumed operation.

**Summary of Instance:** Utility tunnels intersect and recombine into larger rooms in ways prejudicial to the facility's design. One such tunnel and its adjoining alcove repeats for several hundred meters before terminating at a fifteen meter drop.

a large, foreboding, door.

**Facility:** Area-20 (Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada)

**Situation of Abandonment:** An emergency evacuation following a technical error reporting a dangerous containment breach stripped Area-20 of much of its efficacy; though shortlived, this ultimately led to the facility's premature dissolution in 1979. Area-20 has not operated in the intervening years, despite officially remaining under "indefinite standby".

**Summary of Instance:** On-site cafeteria and habitation units extend for a prodigious distance. Dining halls repeat for hundreds of meters. Narrow apertures provide access to a myriad of alternative passages, though all lead back to the instance's main body. Almost the entirety of the instance is unlit.

The facility's emergency warning system abides in a state of continuous alarm.

The door is not present in the dreamer's memory. The dreamer will be immediately aware of this. Reports describe the door as "odd"; "misshapen"; "crooked". The dreamer is met with a strong, burgeoning dread, rising in intensity as the scenario unfolds.

The door, dark and illusory, beckons the dreamer forward; the dreamer is drawn to its handle, and shakily reaches out to touch it.

**Facility:** Site-31 (Kenitra, Morocco)

**Situation of Abandonment:** In the wake of an embezzlement scandal, Site-31 was left without a Director. Unable to refill the position in time, its competence waned, and the Site was abandoned completely in 1965. Though a rare case, the circumstances surrounding its closure prompted sweeping changes to Foundation policy.

**Summary of Instance:** Enormous subterranean chamber supported by an array of over three hundred stone pillars. Visibility is considerably hampered -- the majority of the instance is dark. Some regions are faintly illuminated by cap lamps planted in the soil.

**Facility:** Site-475 (Yamalia, Russia)

**Situation of Abandonment:** Site-475 was deliberately abandoned in 1992 after its personnel were exposed to a hostile idea.

**Summary of Instance:** Central containment chamber expanded to twenty times its ordinary diameter. Scout team discovered a leather recliner at the chamber's center, obscured by a mass of purposeless walls.

The dreamer inches the door open. There is nothing on the other side except for a choking darkness—or so the dreamer thinks. In a few moments the dreamer is able to make out a staircase, leading either up or down, descending or ascending into an impossibly black interior.

Now the dreamer's rising dread reaches its overwhelming peak, and they find theirself frozen in place in front of the door, unable to close it. Their legs, now independent from their mind, slink up or down the stairs, and their nostalgia vanishes in place of an all-consuming terror.

<< [SCP-6229](SCP-6229) | SCP-6230 | [SCP-6231](SCP-6231) >>

= @@ @@
