= **SCP-6252:** Familiar Fungus

= **Author:** 

---

Welp, this makes article number two. I enjoyed writing it and hopefully you get a couple of chuckles out of it.

Thanks to IRC for troubleshooting some points on the article and  hopping into the draft forums to help me out!

Lastly, I wanted to share my admiration for the [Super Mario Bros. speedrunning community](https://www.speedrun.com/smb1) and their tireless efforts in reducing the game to its barest bones. If it's a community that you're familiar with, you may notice several references to it as well!

###### by [Barbarous_Bread](barbarous-bread-box)

@@ @@

---

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=300px

|url=https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/mycology-royalty/Mushroom

|add-caption=true

|caption=An example of a mature SCP-6252.]]

**Special Containment Procedures**: A 2 km perimeter is to be maintained around Niftski Castle as it is the only known area where natural SCP-6252 proliferation occurs. Regions with elevated levels of ThelxinoeAn aerosolized byproduct of SCP-6252 growth. However, this is also known to correlate to the development of various mycological anomalies. spore propagation are to be routinely monitored for presence of SCP-6252.

SCP-6252 specimens may only be collected with the expressed permission of the Niftski Castle Site Director. Any person attempting to gather or consume SCP-6252 without permission is to be terminated immediately. No known methods can neutralize a person who has consumed SCP-6252 (such persons are referred to as SCP-6252-A). All current containment efforts are currently focused on threat mitigation and the development of pacification techniques in the event of SCP-6252 ingestion.

Individuals assigned to the Support Member Brigade (SMB)Staff members who maintain site security systems and respond to *K-Osmic* alarms. are to consume at least 20 kg of bananas a monthIf unable to do so due to food allergy, please refer to the SMB Dietary Guide for acceptable alternatives. in order to maintain elevated blood serum potassium levels, which are to be checked monthly. 

All on-site staff are to wear Darbian 2C-ratedThe Darbian scale is used to measure effectiveness against a specific subset of anomalous visual injuries related to modulating color fields.(or higher) protective goggles at all times.

If a person is observed to consume any amount of SCP-6252, then the *K-Osmic*A contraction of *Potassium* (K) and *Osmolarity* referring to the highly concentrated potassium vapor used during this process. Protocol is to be initiated in order to minimize potential collateral damage. All staff assigned to the Niftski Castle Site are to be trained to operate the *K-Osmic* Dispenser Klaxon in the event that the automated SCP-6252-A detection system fails.

The first instance of human SCP-6252 consumption took place 13 September 1985This lead to the deaths of 82 Foundation staff members and the destruction of a significant portion of the Niftski Castle gatehouse.. An incident report of this event is provided below. For access to full reports on each SCP-6252-A occurrence and up-to-date findings from the Niftski Castle Research Team, please contact the site's communications director Lewis E. Giovanni.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=300px

|url=https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/mycology-royalty/Print

|add-caption=true

|caption= SCP-6252 spore print used to produce concentrate and to propagate additional specimens.

]]

***K-Osmic* Protocol and Dispenser Klaxon System**

This procedure consists of all known methods of minimizing damage and loss of life in the event of a person consuming SCP-6252. Dispersion arrays are installed throughout Niftski Castle and the surrounding 2 km exclusion zoneEach array is to be evaluated quarterly by SMB staff in order to ensure proper functionality.. Each array is designed to draw in SCP-6252-A and to selectively inhibit several physical capabilities until the subject can be subdued following cessation of SCP-6252 effects.

Activation of the *K-Osmic* Dispenser Klaxon will trigger all arrays within 100 m of the activation point in order to control the activity of SCP-6252-A. Any subsequent detection of SCP-6252-A outside of the initial 100 m area will result in activation of additional dispensers.

The following items are dispensed by *K-Osmic* arrays and are listed in their order of dispersal:

| Dispensed Item | Effect on SCP-6252-A |
| --- | --- |
| 25 cm golden disks3D-printed using golden filament per design specifications located in the facility archive. | **Attention manipulation** – SCP-6252-A have a compulsion to collect round, golden objects. |
| Potassium Vapor | **Mobility limitation** – Adheres to skin and pulmonary tissue in order to increase potassium levels resulting in decreased muscle contractility and strength. |
| *OmmastrephidaeLesser flying squid. dye* | **Decreased visual acuity** – Specially formulated compound that bonds to ocular membranes and reduces visual capacity. |
| Guided *Chelonoidis carbonarius*Red-footed tortoise. shell | **Daze** - Capable of stunning for several seconds following direct contact. |
[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=300px

|url=https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/mycology-royalty/Niftski%20Castle

|add-caption=true

|caption=Niftski Castle shown after restoration efforts were completed in 1988.

]]

**Description**: SCP-6252 refers to a species of mushrooms that grows exclusively in the area surrounding Niftski Castle located near Mount Tsurugi in Tokushima Prefecture, Japan. Persons who consume SCP-6252 are referred to as SCP-6252-A. The active phase following ingestion of these mushrooms tends to last for 4m54s.

SCP-6252 and its byproducts have the following effects following human consumption:

* Increased strength and speed exceeding any previously observed non-anomalous human capability.

* Resistance to physical damage including harm from small arms fire and explosives.

* Growth of 15-20% in both height and overall mass.

* Bioluminescence resulting in a rapidly modulating color display which may blind people without adequate PPE.

* Direct contact with other human beings results in instantaneous combustion and they are immediately rendered into ash. [Of note, all of their clothing and belongings remain intact following this process.]

The SCP-6252 research team is currently developing compounds based on the mushroom's extract for such uses as boosting mission performance of MTFs, increasing efficacy of various medical treatments, and testing with other anomalies. As well, it is being us

SCP-6252 samples are available for use during testing following submission of a research proposal as well as authorization from the overseeing Site Director.

---

= **INCIDENT REPORT**

= **SUBMISSION BY:** JR. RESEARCHER ALICE NOLMY

---

The biennial FAnoComFungal Anomaly Community Symposium was held at the newly established Niftski Castle Site on 13-SEP-1985. In attendance were 56 Foundation mycologists and junior research assistants. Attendees presented their research on 12 Novel Ecology Submissions (NES), one of which was a report by Dr. Bowman Serafini who discovered what would later be classified as SCP-6252 -- at the time he referred to this as his namesake "BowSer Cap." His presentation focused on the process of using spore prints to propagate anomalous fungi and to synthesize concentrated extract as well as the effects of SCP-6252 shown in animal studies.

Presentation topics included newly discovered or synthesized mycological substances, each of which may be potentially beneficial for the Foundation either as a research aid or for use in direct applications. Of note, Dr. Jay Scarbo’s NES was noticeably disjointed and incongruent with his personality and previous presentation styleAn effect later identified to be due to exposure to the *Fungus Regnum* variant of SCP-████..

Following the presentations, a peer review process began in order to aggregate the research presentations into a report for submission to the Foundation Director of Mycology, Dr. S. Miyamoto. All members of the review board elected to deny inclusion of Dr. Scarbo’s research in the final report stating: 

> Dr. Scarbo's conducted a series of poorly managed studies which are not fit for inclusion in this report nor do they embody the research standards of the Foundation. Dr. Scarbo’s failure to utilize sufficient precautions resulted in the disfigurement of dozens of Foundation staff. These deformities include: enlarged mandibles, over growth of the lower canine teeth, ocular enlargement, darkening of skin tone, and necrosis of the upper extremities leading to auto-amputation. 

A notice was submitted to Dr. Scarbo's Site Director, Dr. Elvin Gadd, requesting that he undergo a psychological evaluation prior to allowing him continued use of his research privileges. 

At approximately 19:30 local time, Dr. Scarbo entered into the laboratory of Dr. Serafini where he was able to locate samples of SCP-6252 extract and ingest a large quantity of the concentrated substance. He then proceeded to break through several walls and enter into the Niftski Castle Conference Hall resulting in collapse of portions of the castle's infrastructure. Ultimately, security forces were unable to have any meaningful effect on Dr. Scarbo’s at this time. 

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=300px

|url=https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/mycology-royalty/Disk

|add-caption=true

|caption=Pin previously awarded by FAnoCom to recipients of its *Award in Mycological Exploration*.]]

After entering the Conference Hall, he proceeded to kill the 85 staff within. All causes of death were determined to be due to instantaneous disintegration upon physical contact with Dr. Scarbo. Subsequently Dr. Scarbo began to fervently search for all seven *Award in Mycological Exploration* (A.M.E.) pins that were present among the ashen piles.

He then proceeded further into the castle toward the dormitories. He entered into my personal room knocking over several pieces of furniture and demanded that I provide him with additional SCP-6252 concentrate. I informed him that the print's essence was in a different part of the castle.

Dr. Scarbo continued to approach me, but he misstepped and slipped on a banana peel that had fallen from my trash can causing him to spiral in place and collapse to the ground.

The effects of SCP-6252 then subsided and he was apprehended by site security. 

When asked why he assaulted the FAnoCom conference and what his goal was he stated:

"It's A.M.E."

=====

> **Filename:** Disk

> **Name:**  Anglo Saxon Brooch 

> **Author:** Giles Watson

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/29320962@N07/4318867418

=====

> **Filename:** Niftski Castle

> **Name:**  DP2M1448 

> **Author:** bethom22

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/92475647@N05/15805212250/

=====

> **Filename:** Mushroom

> **Name:** Fly Agaric

> **Author:** Bernard Spragg

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/volvob12b/17204770826/

=====

> **Filename:** Print

> **Name:** Spore Print of the Week (37475625491)

> **Author:** AJC1

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=64161314

=====

<< [SCP-6251](SCP-6251) | SCP-6252 | [SCP-6253](SCP-6253) >>
