#page-title {

  display: none;

}

.danke{

padding: 5px 5px 5px 15px;

margin: auto;

margin-top: 1em;

margin-bottom: 1em;

width: auto;

font-family: monospace;

font-size: 1em;

}

.black{

    background-color: #272727;

    border: 3px solid #474747;

    color: #ffffff;

}

.white{

    background-color: #e0e0e0;

    border: 3px solid #9b9b9b;

    color: #000000;

}

**ITEM #:** SCP-6882

**OBJECT CLASS:** N/A

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** Containment of SCP-6882 is no longer required, following its sudden occurrence throughout the world. All attempts from the Foundation at preventing the general public from interacting with the anomaly have been disregarded. Effective immediately, the Veil has been officially breached.

Automated systems are to indefinitely continue containment operations during the cessation and eventual extinction of the human race.

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-6882 describes the series of events that occurred on March 22, 2022.:

* **12:05 P.M.:** The sky momentarily flashes white for 4.023 seconds. This event occurs worldwide, quickly causing widespread panic and concern amongst the general public.

* **12:07 P.M.:** All emergency services are quickly overwhelmed by the sudden influx of calls and requests for aid. All Foundation Sites are placed under Response Code Red-Orange and begin standard de-escalation protocols.

* **12:08 P.M.:** Internet activity surges to record levels. Live streaming services including Tik Tok, Instagram, and Facebook experience outages and are quickly made unavailable. Most Foundation attempts to log footage are automatically flagged and later deleted due to anomalous influences. As of 12:20, only one file remains viewable:

= **##red|{{[COGNITOHAZARD REMOVED]}}**##

* **12:20 P.M.:** Afterward, all SCP-6882 entities slowly ascend upwards beyond view.

* **12:21 P.M.:** Surveillance systems observe the human population collectively migrating to coasts throughout the world. They remain silent as relocation occurs.

* **12:22 - 5:56 P.M.:** The human population reaches their destinations at varying times throughout the day. As they approach, they enter the water, soon overpopulating coasts across the planet.

* **6:00 P.M.:** Foundation systems report a drastic drop of the population from 7.9 billion to 1.2 million, which continues throughout the subsequent week.

---

## ADDENDUM 6882.1

### {{TRANMISSIONS WITH FSS-AG (FOUNDATION SPACE SYSTEM-ALPHA GAMMA)}}

---

<details>
<summary>Click to Access</summary>

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-22-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 13:30 PM EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: ALL SITES

ALERT FROM NEAR-ORBIT OBSRVATION

NOTING STRANGE LUMINOSITY GLARE

HAS ACTION BEEN TAKEN?

AWAITING CURRENT ORDERS FROM

OVRWTCH

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-22-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 18:30 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: ALL SITES

PLEASE ADVISE

RADIO SILENCE?

AWAITING CURRENT ORDERS FROM

OVRWTCH

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-22-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 18:56 EST

| IP: 212.44.██.███

| FROM: SITE-110

| TO: FSS-TERM 12

EMERGENCY BRDCST ACKNOWLEDGED

EARTH IN DANGER 

SITE HAS BEEN PLACED UNDER LCKDWN

UNABLE TO CONTCT OVERWATCH

STILL TRYING

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 07:44 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

ACKNOWLEDGED

ABNORMAL ENERGY INCREASE 

BENEATH THE SURFACE DETECTED

UNABLE TO LOCATE SOURCE

HOW ARE U STILL HERE?

PLZ IDENTIFY

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 08:19 EST

| IP: 212.44.██.███

| FROM: SITE-110

| TO: FSS-TERM 12

I AM RESEARCHER RAINER

ALONGSIDE OTHERS 

UNSURE OF HOW WE SURVIVED

TESTING NEW EXPERIMENTAL TECH 

JUST BEFORE 

POSSIBLY MISSED EVENT?

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 08:54 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

ACKNOWLEDGED

SCANNERS REPORTING MASSIVE DECREASE OF LIFE

REMAIN CALM - STAY UNDER LOCKDOWN

ATTEMPTING TO EXTRACT YOU

NO LUCK WITH OVERWATCH

HOW LONG CAN YOU SURVIVE?

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 09:20 EST

| IP: 212.44.██.███

| FROM: SITE-110

| TO: FSS-TERM 12

UNSURE

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 12:00 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

ACKNOWLEDGED

DETECTING SOME MOVEMENT

ALONG THE COASTS

UNSURE OF SOURCE - CANNOT CONFIRM

HAVE ALSO DISCOVERED POSSIBLE

METHOD OF TRAVEL TO FSS AT A SITE

NEAR YOUR LOCATION

SENDING RELEVANT DATA NOW

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 12:44 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

WE SEE MOVEMENT NEAR YOUR LOCATION

ASSUMING YOU HAVE RECEIVED

COORDS? IF CAN STILL BROADCAST

PLEASE ACKNOWLEDGE

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 13:31 EST

| IP: 212.44.██.███

| FROM: SITE-110

| TO: FSS-TERM 12

DATA HAS NOW BEEN RECEIVED

SITE APPEARS SEVERAL HOURS FROM OUR

LOCATION

SHOULD WE HEAD NOW? PLEASE ADVISE

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 14:03 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

HAVE YOU NOT MOVED FROM YOUR LOCATION?

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 14:32 EST

| IP: 212.44.██.███

| FROM: SITE-110

| TO: FSS-TERM 12

NEGATIVE

SITE REMAINS IN LOCKDOWN

GROUP DOES NOT WANT TO LEAVE

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 14:59 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

SITE-110 BE ADVISED

MOVEMENT IS BEING DETECTED NEAR YOUR

LOCATION

CANNOT CONFIRM SOURCE - REMAIN

WITHIN SITE

PLZ ACKNOWLEDGE

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 15:23 EST

| IP: 212.44.██.███

| FROM: SITE-110

| TO: FSS-TERM 12

ACKNOWLEDGED

THEY ARE HERE

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 16:00 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

REMAIN CALM

YOU ARE SURROUNDED

UNABLE TO DETERMINE HOW MANY

IS YOUR SITE FORTIFIED?

RESPOND

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 15:23 EST

| IP: 212.44.██.███

| FROM: SITE-110

| TO: FSS-TERM 12

NEGATIVE

SITE IS BEING ATTACKED

FOOTAGE IS SEEING HUNDREDS

MAYBE EVEN THOUSANDS

GROUP IS SCARED

PLEASE SEND HELP

PLEASE

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 16:30 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

DO NOT PANIC

UNABLE TO LOCATE HELP CRRNTLY

WILL TRY MORE

YOU MUST STAY ALIVE

HELP WILL BE ON THE WAY SOON

PLEASE RESPOND

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 17:30 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

SITE-110 PLZ REPORT STATUS

MOVEMENT APPEARS TO HAVE CEASED

ARE YOU OK?

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 18:23 EST

| IP: 212.44.██.███

| FROM: SITE-110

| TO: FSS-TERM 12

NEGATIVE

GROUP HAS VANISHED

I DO NOT KNOW THEIR STATUS

ONLY I REMAIN

PLEASE SEND HELP

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 18:26 EST

| IP: 212.44.██.███

| FROM: SITE-110

| TO: FSS-TERM 12

THEY KNOW WHERE I AM

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 18:59 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

ACKNOWLEDGED

YOU MUST HIDE

WE WILL CONTINUE LOOKING

STAY ALIVE

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 19:45 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

CONFIRM STATUS

ARE YOU STILL THERE?

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 03-23-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 20:45 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: SITE-110

SITE-110 PLZ ACKNOWLEDGE

</details>

@@ @@

---

## ADDENDUM 6882.2

### {{AUTOMATED A.I. RESPONSE REPORT}}

---

<details>
<summary>Click to Access</summary>

= **AUTOMATED RESPONSE REPORT**

---

**LOCATION:** Foundation Space Station - Alpha Gamma

**REASON:** Inactivity Exceeding Standard Allowance (2 weeks)

**TIME:** April 5, 2022 - 18:00 (LOCAL TIME)

**RESPONDER:** Foundation program DEEPSPACE.aic

---

**SUMMARY:** Following 2 weeks of inactivity, automated Foundation programs were enlisted to probe and identify the cause of radio silence for Foundation Space Station - Alpha Gamma. Upon connecting with the station, programs reported that the satellite had been severely led off-course, and had been moving away from Earth for several days prior to insertion. An extensive analysis of the station systems reported severe structural deficiencies and several breaches throughout the facility. Further investigation reported an absence of Foundation personnel anywhere within the area.

Continued analysis revealed the following message, intended to be received by all active Foundation Sites, but failed to send due to the satellites changed trajectory:

| FEED ID: 4782381432

| DATE: 04-02-2022

| TUR (TIME-UNTIL-RECEIVED): 12:30 EST

| IP: 145.97.███.██

| FROM: FSS-TERM 12

| TO: ALL SITES

SOS

FSS SUPPLIES RUNNING LOW

NO CONTACT WITH EARTH

SOME CREW ALREADY LOST

SOME CHOSE TO GO

PLZ RESPOND 

I DO NOT WANT TO DIE LIKE THIS

</details>

@@ @@

~~~~~~

<< [SCP-6881](SCP-6881) | SCP-6882 | [SCP-6883](SCP-6883) >>
