.footnotes-footer {

    visibility: hidden;

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

:root {

--thaumiel: 0, 135, 189

}

**SCP-6296** - The Last Slice to Make it Count

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ndheckfire)

@@ @@

.anom-bar-container.danger .danger-diamond > .quadrants > .right-quad {

    background-color:rgba(255,109,0,0.25);

    background-color: rgb(255,109,0,0.25);

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-6296 is largely self-containing, no containment procedures are necessary at this time.

---

**Description:** SCP-6296 is the designation given to a single triangular pizza slice that, due to its anomalous properties, has been permanently situated in the Habitation and Sustenance Section cafeteria, at the fourth sublevel of Research and Containment [Site-43](secure-facility-dossier-site-43).

Any living organism directly perceiving and knowing the existence of SCP-6296 will be compelled to avoid taking and entirely consuming it. Usually, these individuals would attempt this by providing various excuses as to why they would not eat it. Prominent excuses have included "not hungry at the moment", "let someone else have it", and "lactose intolerant".Over 85% of Foundation personnel has used this particular excuse, despite having no previous history of being unable to digest lactose..

Despite being approximately 25 years old, SCP-6296 has shown no signs of deterioration.

---

**Addendum 6296-1, Phenomenological Overview:** On the 3rd of April, 1996, the personnel of Site-43 decided to host a get-away party for Former Co-Director [Vivian Lesley Scout](the-good-work), who resigned from the Foundation two days prior. The party was officially held at the H&S Section cafeteria, and as a courtesy of Spicy Crust Pizza.A Foundation front company first founded in Kansas, now operating worldwide., twenty-five whole pizzas (each with different types of toppings) were supplied for the party.

At around 11:30 PM, all of the provided pizzas have finished, save for a single slice (SCP-6296). It is believed that at this point, SCP-6296's anomalous properties have manifested, and no Foundation personnel would attempt to consume or remove it in its entirety.

---

**Addendum 6296-2, Decommissioning:** In November of 2022, the majority of the Overseer Council officially decided to commission the EVERSOR Initiative, a campaign primarily manned by the Decommissioning Department with the sole purpose of effectively neutralizing low-level minor anomalous objects, with the main goal of lowering monetary use within various research/containment facilities worldwide.Following the massive breach caused by [SCP-6004](SCP-6004), the EVERSOR Initiative has been classified as a Class-5 Priority in the SCP Foundation dogma..

As part of the Initiative, SCP-6296 was chosen among the anomalies housed in Site-43 that require neutralization. Initially, Dr. Allan J. McInnis (Site-43's current Site Director) was against the efforts of the Initiative, expressing that these types of anomalies have little to no impact on the Foundation's budget. However, his concerns were overruled by the Council.

SCP-6296's neutralization was managed by Dr. Harold Blank and Dr. William Wettle, who have been provided with the resources necessary for the endeavor to be successful. The following is a video transcription of the neutralization attempt:

= **<Begin Transcript>**

*Footage shows both Dr. Blank and Dr. Wettle entering the cafeteria, the latter carrying a large wooden crate with great effort. He finally places the crate down and stretches his arms and back, yawning loudly in the process. Dr. Blank goes over to inspect the current state of SCP-6296, nodding before walking back to the crate.*

*He opens the lid and takes out several wires and cables. He motions to Dr. Wettle as both of them lift out a heavy metal object, identified as a standard-issued Scranton Reality Anchor (or SRA). The pair carries the Anchor by its sides, and proceeds to place it in the center of the cafeteria. Dr. Blank takes out a remote from his person and presses a button.*

*The lights attached to the Anchor glow a distinct blue hue, indicating it has entered its proto-activation phase. Dr. Wettle uses the cables to establish an ontological grounding zone around SCP-6296, roughly ten meters in radius. Dr. Blank presses another button on the remote, and the Anchor proceeds to glow red, indicating that it has been activated.*

*Dr. Wettle takes out and wears a pair of white sterile gloves, before slowly approaching SCP-6296. He lifts the object from its plate and brings it to his nose, sniffing it. He shrugs and takes a small bite out of the front tip of SCP-6296.*

**Dr. Wettle:** Euwgh. (*frowns*)

**Dr. Blank:** What's up?

**Dr. Wettle:** Tuna.

*Dr. Wettle proceeds to throw the rest of SCP-6296 into a nearby AcroAbate disposal bin.*

= **<End Transcript>**

SCP-6296 has been reclassified as Decommissioned. Its document will be updated shortly.

@@ @@

---

**EVERSOR: Phase I** | **[SCP-7297](SCP-7297)** >>

<< [SCP-6295](SCP-6295) | SCP-6296 | [SCP-6297](SCP-6297) >>

=====

> The Memet Class icon was initially derived from [SCP-5056](SCP-5056), created by .

=====

> **Filename:** pizza.jpg

> **Name:** File:Piazza pizza slice.JPG

> **Author** Renjishino1

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Piazza_pizza_slice.JPG

=====
