]

**Item #:** SCP-6729

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Outside of work hours, SCP-6729 is confined to custom-made humanoid containment quarters at Site-19-S. All personnel wishing to visit SCP-6729 in these quarters must first submit a request to its handlerCurrently Dr. Clyde Orison.. SCP-6729 is not permitted to leave the confines of Site-19-S, save for direct orders from the Director and must always be supervised by its handler on such occasions.

As this file is viewable by SCP-6729, information related to the containment array installed throughout the Site and the various security protocols concerning it is kept in separate files restricted to the relevant personnel*While its record remains clear of attempted breaches or other security concerns for now, it is better if we avoid giving it any ideas.* — Dr. Orison..

The clearance provided to SCP-6729 is derived from the one previously given to Dr. ███████. It allows SCP-6729 access to Site-19-S' own intranet and to matters pertaining to Dr. ███████’s work, but not to wider information regarding the Foundation's operations.

All personnel working closely with SCP-6729 must undergo bimonthly psychological evaluations.

**Description:** SCP-6729 is an extra-dimensional entity that currently inhabits the corpse of former Foundation researcher Dr. ███████. The precise method of Dr. ███████’s possession is currently unknown, but it is known that it occurred during an experiment conducted by the researcher, the details of which were not shared with other personnelAs the possession process caused disturbances in both Dr. ███████’s and SCP-6729's psyche, it is unable to recall the details of the events surrounding it..

SCP-6729’s host body shows no physical signs of decay despite having been in containment for ██ years and retaining no vitals or observable organ functions. While it has no need for nutrition, SCP-6729 regularly consumes food and drink, both to mimic human behaviour and for its enjoyment. SCP-6729 does not digest anything that it ingests, displacing it instead to an unknown location believed to be outside baseline reality.

SCP-6729's true form is unknown. However, during one test, when asked about what it looked like

prior to inhabiting Dr. ███████, SCP-6729 morphed its host body into a large writhing mass of

tendrils, eyes, and teethThis form was noticeably larger and of a different coloration compared to how SCP-6729 first appeared on 08/30/2013. SCP-6729 proceeded to remark that this display was “close enough.” All researchers that witnessed the transformation were administered Class A amnestics at their own requests. 

While SCP-6729 retains Dr. ███████’s appearance, it is able to distort its host body and often does so, even when unobserved. It has been recorded splitting its skin open, growing additional limbs identical to Dr. ███████’s, as well as manifesting various organs and appendages non human in origin. With time and effort, SCP-6729 is able to heal from any injuries it receives. It is, however, unable to undo injuries sustained by Dr. ███████ prior to his death. 

**Addendum 1: Initial containment** 

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**08/30/2013:** 

**NOTE:** Prior to this event, Dr. ███████ was, along with Dr. Sullivan and Director Carter, one of the only three Level 4 personnel stationed at [Site-19-S, an offshoot meant to house low-priority projects and personnel away from the overcrowded Site-19](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqWK6rjw6ac). Dr. ███████'s research was focused on identifying extradimensional threats and devising containment procedures for them before they entered baseline reality. This research was disturbed by some of the objects contained within Site-19 and Dr. ███████ used his personal connection to Dr. Sullivan to request a transfer. Director Carter, still in office at the time, was eager to improve his Site's standing and accepted the request.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**09:15:** Dr. ███████ finishes his early morning duties and heads down to the Site's Archives.

**09:19:** Dr. ███████ encounters Dr. Sullivan on his way to the Archives. Dr. Sullivan tries to start a friendly conversation. Dr. ███████ cuts her attempt short, claiming to be in a hurry, and presses ahead.

**09:21** Dr. ███████ calls back to Dr. Sullivan from across the hallway and suggests she takes the day off. His face is turned away from the camera, but Dr. Sullivan recalls his expression as "somber."

**09:32:** Dr. ███████ logs into a computer within the Archives. Due to a previously undiscovered loophole, his level 4 clearance, higher than any Security personnel or Technicians stationed at Site-19-S, prevents his following activity from being logged.

**10:07** Dr. ███████ exits the Archives, holding a box containing various documents pertaining to his research, and a USB stick. He then heads to his personal lab and shuts himself in.

**10:44:** A tremor shakes the entire Site. Breach alarms are activated but personnel are slow to react accordingly. Later investigations revealed that due to Site-19-S not housing any anomalies above the Safe class at the time, Director Carter had neglected to conduct regular training drills, leading to confusion and a lack of perceived urgency among the Site's staff.

**10:49:** Dr. Sullivan is one of the first personnel to take position into her assigned breach shelter. Minutes pass, and although others assigned to this shelter arrive, Dr. Sullivan notices that Dr. ███████ is still absent.

**11:02:** Worried, Dr. Sullivan rushes out of the shelter, towards Dr. ███████'s personal lab.

**11:06:** As she reaches her destination, the door to the lab is launched off its hinges with great force. A wounded Dr. ███████ stumbles out and looks at Dr. Sullivan. An unidentified substance gushes into his body through a gaping wound in his back.

**11:07:** Dr. ███████ says something inaudible to Dr. Sullivan and tries to reach out his hand towards her. Before she can react, Dr. ███████'s body swells and bursts open. An organic mass made of flesh, eyes and teeth spews out and begins to expand. Dr. Sullivan screams.

**11:08:** The mass continues to grow. Newly-grown muscles contract and expand, making it move down the hallway. Dr. Sullivan tries to collect herself. She is still sobbing when she calls in the Site's security chief.

**11:11:** Chief Robert Gervais, leading five other guards, arrives on the scene. They form a line between Dr. Sullivan and the growing mass, then open fire. Several of the mouths shriek in pain, the mass then backs away and contracts upon itself.

**11:12:** Chief Robert Gervais orders the guards to hold their fire, he shouts a question: "Are you sapient?"

**11:13:** Chief Robert Gervais is slammed into a wall by a newly-manifested tentacle. He collapses next to Dr. Sullivan.

**11:14:** Dr. Sullivan grabs hold of the chief's dropped weapon and shoots one of the entity's eye. It recoils again, before retaliating with another tentacle. Chief Robert Gervais pulls her down to the ground, the tentacle misses. Having noticed the entity's pattern of action, the guards begin pushing it back with careful, aimed shots and timed dodges

**11:27:** Although the entity grew faster and more accurate with time, the guards finally manage to herd it into a large containment cell, sustaining minor injuries in the process.

**11:33:** The entity initially lashes out against the walls of its cell, but comes to a stop after not receiving any external stimuli for 74 minutes.

**13:00:** The entity is designated SCP-6729. Initial containment procedures are drafted.

---

[END LOG]

Following this incident, an investigation into the failures of Director Carter was launched, which culminated in his removal from his post. Being the highest-level person at the Site with managerial training, Dr. Sullivan was appointed as interim director; she was later promoted permanently after none of the potential candidates from Site-19 proper accepted the position.

During this period of transition, testing on SCP-6729 was postponed. It was observed to remain firmly in place, moving only its eyes. Its breathing grew heavy and strained.

10 days into containment, SCP-6729 began to shrink. Its size decreased incrementally over a period of five days, after which its mass began to contract and shift into more discernible shapes.

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**09/19/2013:** 

**NOTE:** This is the first recorded instance of SCP-6729 adopting a humanoid shape.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**03:41** SCP-6729's shape is currently a 2-meter-tall oval. It begins to contract, forming a small ball at its top, one incomplete arm at its side and two left legs at its bottom. Numerous eyes and mouths are still present all over its body.

**03:55:** SCP-6729 loudly enunciates the word "Walking".

**03:56:** SCP-6729 takes a step forward, then attempts to take a second. Its other leg is shorter than the first, causing it to fall "face" first on the ground.

**03:57:** SCP-6729, still on the ground, groans in apparent frustration. It does not move again for three days.

---

[END LOG]

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**09/24/2013:** 

**NOTE:** This is the first recorded instance of SCP-6729 adopting its current form.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**14:36:** After many attempts to stand up, SCP-6729 finally corrects the number and shape of its limbs. It pushes itself up and suddenly goes completely still.

**14:47:** Surveillance staff notice that SCP-6729's body appears to dry up. It begins to shrivel and crack.

**15:12:** The outer layer of SCP-6729's skin falls off, revealing a body in identical shape to Dr. ███████, although with different colorations of skin, eyes and hair. Its moles and scars are a perfect match for Dr. ███████'s, and it bears the large, vertical wound that Dr. ███████ suffered on his back during the breach. Although this wound remains open, no bleeding is observed.

**15:17:** SCP-6729 spends time looking over its body, then takes a few wobbling steps to stare directly at its cell's camera. It shouts.

**SCP-6729:** Project Stargaze! The fifth Archon! Thaumiel-class extradimensional exodus fleet! O5-7's headquarters are in--

**15:19:** Chief Robert Gervais bursts into the surveillance office, shuts down their equipment then applies aerosol amnestics to everyone in the room, including himself.

---

[END LOG]

**Addendum 2: Interviews** 

As SCP-6729 had demonstrated knowledge of classified projects that Dr. ███████ had been involved with, it was decided to interview it in order to asses the extent of that knowledge, and possibly recover crucial information that was lost with Dr. ███████'s death.

Director Sullivan declined to conduct the interview herself.

**<Begin Log>**

*The door to SCP-6729's cell opens slightly.*

**SCP-6729:** Finally! I was wondering when someone would come in.

*The interviewer's hand slides into the opening, holding a grey jumpsuit. They  weakly throw the jumpsuit, which lands in front of SCP-6729.*

**Interviewer:** Hey uh, if you don't mind, could you put this on? I'm not really comfortable interviewing someone naked.

**SCP-6729:** Alright, whatever.

*SCP-6729 grabs the jumpsuit and puts it on backwards. The interviewer steps into the room carefully, they look around, looking for something.*

**Interviewer:** Oh yeah, I'm used to having a table for these things but I guess we were all too scared to put furniture while you were in here.

**SCP-6729:** Just ask your questions.

**Interviewer:** Sure! To begin with, am I talking with Dr. ███████ or SCP-6729 right now?

**SCP-6729:** Well I'm not him, and it's the first time I've heard that number but you can use it if that's easier for you.

**Interviewer:** So you're not him, but you have Dr. ███████'s memories?

**SCP-6729:** Some of them, yeah. The rest is still coming in. But I remembered enough to take a shape that's more approachable for you, and to get you interested in talking to me in the first place.

**Interviewer:** Then you should know that the Foundation is very interested in having you return that knowledge to us.

**SCP-6729:** Yeah I know. And it's gonna depend on what you're willing to give me in return.

**<End Log>**

Following negotiations, it was agreed that SCP-6729 would share Dr. ███████'s knowledge with the Foundation in exchange for benefits such as amenities and entertainment. As per Director Sullivan's suggestion, interviews also aimed to gain more information about SCP-6729's own nature in order to improve the efficacy of its containment.

**<Begin Log>**

**Interviewer:** One of the big things we want to know is: why did you kill Dr. ███████?

**SCP-6729:** It's not like I meant to. This guy was doing extradimensional stuff, right? Well I don't know if he went wrong somewhere or what, but one moment I was minding my own business orbiting the edges of Corbenic, then suddenly I get sucked into some kind of bright whirlpool. Next thing I know, I'm stuck into a place that's too cramped for all of me and doing a number on my senses. I tried to stretch a bit and... you know what happened next.

**Interviewer:** I see, thanks for clearing it up. Do you remember what he was trying to do?

**SCP-6729:** Not a clue. His mind got messy towards the end, you understand.

**<End Log>**

**<Begin Log>**

**SCP-6729:** What are those pills for, by the way?

**Interviewer:** Ah, those. I'm not cleared to know most of what we're talking about, so once I'm done asking and recording, I have to take one to forget about it.

**SCP-6729:** Can I try one?

**Interviewer:** For the sake of keeping my job, I'd rather you didn't.

**<End Log>**

**<Begin Log>**

**Interviewer:** Big trade this time: if you can tell us what Dr. ███████ was working on in 2009, we'll finally install a bed in here.

**SCP-6729:** About time! I've been wanting to try sleeping since I remembered about dreams last month!

**<End Log>**

**<Begin Log>**

**Interviewer:** Since you've been exceptionally cooperative for the last two years, maybe we can do away with the numbers. Do you have a name we could call you besides SCP-6729?

*SCP-6729 manifests five new mouths and emits a low, growling sound. Blood drips from the interviewer's nose.*

**Interviewer:** I-- I'm sorry what did you say?

**SCP-6729:** Excuse me, I just need to--

*SCP-6729 clears all six throats at once.*

**SCP-6729:** [COGNITOHAZARD EXPUNGED]

*The interviewer screams and bolts upright. They run to the observation window and bang their head against it, collapsing after the fourth impact.*

**SCP-6729:** Or, you know, just Grim for short.

**<End Log>**

**<Begin Log>**

**SCP-6729:** When am I going to be allowed to talk to other people?

**Interviewer:** What's wrong? Am I not enough for you?

**SCP-6729:** Clearly not.

**<End Log>**

**<Begin Log>**

**Interviewer:** Do you know if Dr. ███████ ever talked with anyone outside the Site about Project Stargaze?

**SCP-6729:** What? No. I know he knows you had him followed the entire time. Are you running out of questions?

**<End Log>**

**<Begin Log>**

**Interviewer:** Good morning to--

*SCP-6729 flips over the table and runs up to the interviewer. Its body shifts, manifesting more eyes over its face and a wide, fanged mouth across its neck.*

**SCP-6729:** Screw this interview! You're going to listen to me!

**Interviewer:** I'm way too scared to refuse, so okay.

**SCP-6729:** I've been stuck in this cell for way too many of what you call years.

**Interviewer:** I think we're at eight now.

**SCP-6729:** I've already told you everything he knew and you only come by when I do something worrying like try to break out, even though you've already made that impossible.

**Interviewer:** So you want more visits?

**SCP-6729:** No! I want out! I can work for you, I know the rules, I have all his skills and more, I'll do any dumb job I'm given as long as it gets me out of this cell. I'm losing my minds in here!

**Interviewer:** Tell you what, you don't kill me and I'll see what I can do. 

**<End Log>**

**Addendum 3: Integration of SCP-6729 within Foundation staff** 

After years of interviews, all relevant information pertaining to Dr. ███████ had been extracted from SCP-6729. As a result of Director Sullivan's orders, its limits and vulnerabilities had been comprehensively cataloged, making it one of the most securely contained items at Site-19-S.

It was then determined that its inherited expertise, along with its unique perspective and willingness to work, were enough to tentatively allow it to work as a researcher.

SCP-6729's integration remains an experimental and gradual process under constant monitoring. While its cooperation has been invaluable in certain instances, it has been made clear to SCP-6729 that it remains under strict observation and control at all times.

While SCP-6729 is able to act professionally, and reliably produces satisfying results; its interpersonal relationships with fellow staff members are still strained, partly due to its own personality.

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**09/07/2017:** 

**Location:** Site-19-S shared workspace.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*SCP-6729 enters the room, followed by Dr. Orison. Dr. Huxley Bucket is already present within the room but neither of the two notice him, due to him having fallen asleep behind a computer.*

**SCP-6729:** I'm just saying that I think I deserve a short break. Do you know how many experiments I've completed today?

**Dr. Orison:** Of course I do, I have had to log every one of them.

**SCP-6729:** Exactly, then maybe you should take a break too.

**Dr. Orison:** You know full well I cannot take my eyes off of you while you're out and about in the Site. I'll only rest when you are back in your cell.

**SCP-6729:** Oh my *god* Orison. When are you going to get off my case? After all this time, you know I haven't killed anyone or been a danger to the Site.

**Dr. Orison:** What about the interns, then?

**SCP-6729:** Okay, yes, but it's not like we'll run out of them. And I'm pretty sure Bucket goes through them faster than I do.

*At this point, Dr. Bucket wakes up.*

**Dr. Orison:** And what about the South Wing?

**SCP-6729:** I cleaned it up, didn't I? You can't blame me every time an experiment goes wrong.

**Dr. Orison:** I very well can! Every time you do something wrong, every suspicion you give that you won't behave like a model researcher, it only makes the time I have to spend as your handler that much longer.

**SCP-6729:** And what, do you think I enjoy this partnership more than you do? I'm already under enough restrictions, I don't need you to scrutinize everything I do.

**Dr. Orison:** Restrictions? You're *my* restriction, SCP-6729!

*SCP-6729 frowns.*

**SCP-6729:** I have a--

**Dr. Orison:** No, what you have is an SCP file number, because that is what you are. An annoying, never improving assignment that I will never be allowed to move on from.

*SCP-6729 backs away. After a few steps, it notices Dr. Bucket.*

**SCP-6729:** So you really wanna leave this place, huh.

**Dr. Orison:** You would too, if you had ever been to any other Site. I requested a transfer from Site-17 because of work conditions there, but I would happily return if it meant leaving this: a low-end offshoot full of nothing but banal anomalies, dead-end projects and troublesome, unimportant staff!

*SCP-6729 smirks and points to Dr. Orison's left.*

**SCP-6729:** Oh yeah, I get it now. Do you mind repeating though? I don't think Bucket heard everything.

*Dr. Orison turns to see Dr. Bucket staring at the pair. A single tear rolls down Dr. Bucket's face.*

**Dr. Bucket:** I thought we were friends, Clyde.

**Dr. Orison:** No, I... You will have to excuse me.

*Dr. Orison leaves the room in a hurry.*

**SCP-6729:** Nice. Now he'll leave me alone a while.

**Dr. Bucket:** Do you want to talk about what just happened or--

**SCP-6729:** Nope. I'm all talked out, gonna take a nap now.

*SCP-6729 sits in a corner of the room and closes its eyes. Later, Security Chief Robert Gervais enters the room and greets Dr. Bucket.*

**Gervais:** Hey Huxley. I just saw Orison power-walk down the hallway, is everything alright?

*Dr. Bucket points at the sleeping SCP-6729.*

**Dr. Bucket:** Grump and Grumper had one of their classic fights. A bit more heated than usual though.

**Gervais:** Ah, that explains it. Do you think they'll ever learn to get along?

**Dr. Bucket:** Probably not. But at least Grim is an improvement compared to the previous guy.

**Gervais:** In the sense that "actually talking to us" is an improvement, yeah.

**Dr. Bucket:** Do you ever wonder what Mister Level 4 was trying to do before he got 'sploded? I doubt he was trying to summon a nicer coworker.

**Gervais:** I wager it would be something above our clearance, but I admit I'm curious about it too. Unfortunately, there's really only one person who knew, and his possessed corpse is taking a nap over there.

---

[END LOG]

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**15/07/2017:** 

**Location:** Director Sullivan's office.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*SCP-6729 enters the room. Seeing it, Director Sullivan takes her eyes off of a framed picture she was contemplating, and puts it away in a desk drawer. She gestures for SCP-6729 to sit down, which it does.*

**SCP-6729:** I'm surprised you called me in here Director. See, I was under the impression you didn't like talking to me.

**Sullivan:** I would indeed prefer to spend my time on other tasks. But when Dr. Orison files eleven incident reports in a month, I have to take action.

**SCP-6729:** Oh come on, eleven? He's barely spoken to me since that little outburst last week.

**Sullivan:** And I can't blame him. But Orison knows better than to let his emotions get in the way of his duties, and he has been keeping tabs on you. It seems you've let yourself go without his oversight to keep you in check.

**SCP-6729:** No, I haven't.

**Sullivan:** Then explain all this.

**SCP-6729:** Do you really think I'd change my tune just because Orison isn't around? First of all, I don't care what he thinks. And secondly, I know I'm still under so much damn oversight. Just because I don't know the specifics of everything you've set up against me doesn't mean I can't see the cameras everywhere. I remember this place didn't use to have so many of them before my incident.

**Sullivan:** The cameras aren't only monitoring you.

**SCP-6729:** Right because there's so many more interesting things going on around here.

**Sullivan:** If you are still behaving as usual, then what are you doing to make Orison so concerned?

**SCP-6729:** Just doing my job properly, for once. I'm not sure exactly what Orison's specialties are, because he never talks about himself around me, but he clearly doesn't know shit about extradimensional research. I couldn't run a single test without him questioning everything I did or stopping me, because everything he didn't understand was a "security concern." So he's still complaining as much, only now it goes to you instead.

**Sullivan:** I understand your issues, but we simply don't have any other experts on your field in our staff. Orison is a veteran from Site-17, he has the most experience with humanoid anomalies out of everyone in our Site.

**SCP-6729:** And do they not teach staff to treat people likes humans at Site-17, or did he leave that behind when he came here? 

**Sullivan:** Look, I understand you have your issues with him, but you are not making it easy for him. Or anyone else, for that matter. If you are always this abrasive and cutting, everyone will have trouble treating you like one of their colleagues.

**SCP-6729:** It has its advantages, you know. People don't pretend when they're around me, they don't hide how they feel about me. There's those that still slip up and call me by his old name, because they don't interact with me that often and they'd like to keep it that way. There's those that only see me as a freak in containment but are too professional to act out. It's always "SCP-6729" with them. Sometimes they lose the three letters, if they're feeling extra interpersonal.

**SCP-6729:** And then there's the rare few, a handful really, that call me "Grim" because they see me for who I am. Well except Bucket, who's just friendly to everyone, and Gervais whose deal I still don't understand. 

**SCP-6729:** And lastly, there's *you*. You haven't called me by any name in all the years I've been here. It's always just "you". Did you think I wouldn't notice?

**Sullivan:** I... what are you getting at?

**SCP-6729:** I just want you to make up your mind, Director. Or do you want me to call you Harper? It's what he used to call you, after all, and I get the feeling that you're still clinging onto the idea that he's still somewhere in there. Well, he's not. He's gone, and it's all his own fault.

*SCP-6729's body quakes, its skin ripples and dark red patches begin to form.*

**SCP-6729:** And I just wish that the people in this goddamn Site would accept that it was HIS fault, not mine! That I never asked for this! That I'm not a murderous abomination waiting to rampage!

*Teeth sprout from the newly formed patches. A stain begins to seep through SCP-6729's clothing, originating from its back.*

**SCP-6729:** I've given you so many years, playing by the rules, never breaking our agreement, why can't that be--

*Director Sullivan stands up and slams her hands on her desk.*

**Sullivan:** ENOUGH!

*SCP-6729 is startled. Director Sullivan flips a panel on her desk, revealing a single red button. She places her hand above it.*

**Sullivan:** Do *not* make me press this. I will not be intimidated in my own office.

*SCP-6729 stares at Director Sullivan for a few seconds, its gaze shifting between her face and her readied hand. Finally, its shape returns to its usual form, and it sits down again. Director Sullivan rests her head in her hands and lets out a heavy sigh.*

**SCP-6729:** Well shit. I suppose my speech didn't go through, accompanied by a display like that.

**Sullivan:** No, it... you've given me a lot to think about S-- Grim.

*SCP-6729 blinks and stares at her.*

**Sullivan:** You were right, that I've been avoiding dealing with you because of some... sentiments that I have kept for too long. This has to change. You are my responsibility, both as an anomaly contained at my Site and, as a member of my staff. It is time I faced that head on.

**SCP-6729:** What's that supposed to mean?

**Sullivan:** It means I might need to update the terms of our arrangement, which have not changed despite your continued cooperation.

*SCP-6729' smile is wider than humanly possible.*

**Sullivan:** However, it also means I will be expecting more from you.

*SCP-6729's smile disappears, its mouth being absorbed inside its skin.*

**Sullivan:** If you really want to be on equal standing with the rest of the staff; I will have to ask you to integrate more with them. Start acting like someone who belongs here, make actual conversations.

*SCP-6729 nods slightly.*

**Sullivan:** I want to hear you agree.

*SCP-6729 scoffs.*

**SCP-6729:** Fine, okay, I'll play nicer. But what about Orison?

**Sullivan:** He will remain your handler for now; I cannot brush aside all of his experience. But I will meet with him to discuss how we can change things, maybe give you some more autonomy in your work.

**SCP-6729:** Better than nothing I suppose.

**Sullivan:** And who knows. Maybe we'll end up hiring someone better suited for the job.

---

[END LOG]

<details>
<summary>▼ (1) Pending notification</summary>

> PLEASE ENTER YOUR AUTHORIZATION CODE.

12345

> WELCOME, SCP-6729. Please be reminded that employees of the SCP Foundation are expected to practice better info security.

Dismiss.

> Understood. You will be reminded again in 48 hours.

Just show me what the notification is about.

> The analysis of: external storage drive = "USB stick I spit out" is now complete.

Finally. Show me the results.

> Analysis hindered by data corruption and the presence of [SUBSTANCE UNKNOWN] within the physical object. One (1) file has been recovered.

That's less than I expected. What is it?

> File recovered: "Project details: Operation Ragweed-upon-Kewpie".

...

> SCP-6729?

I remember now, so that's what it was all about.

> What would you like to do with the file?

Delete it.

> Are you sure?

CONFIRM.

> Command confirmed.

> Processing...

> File deleted. Have a good day, SCP-6729!

</details>

<< [SCP-6728](SCP-6728) | SCP-6729 | [SCP-6730](SCP-6730) >>

=====

> **Filename:** 

> **Name:** 

> **Author:**

> **License:**

> **Source Link:**

> **Derivative of:** 

> **Additional Notes:** 

=====
