]

You can find more of my articles [here](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/guaire-author-page).

**Item #:** SCP-6861

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6861’s remains are kept frozen in a standard biological-remains containment chamber. Paleontological personnel are allowed to examine it as they consider necessary.

**Description:** SCP-6861 corresponds to the bodily remains of PoI-1860. Prior to its death, SCP-6861 was a living specimen of *Tyrannosaurus rex*, which, according to eyewitness testimony, was born in February 1809 in the State of Kentucky, USA. Prior to its death, PoI-1860 possessed an anomalous capability by which human observers were unable to perceive SCP-6861’s true nature, instead seeing it as a non-anomalous Anglo-American human male. This, alongside its human-like intelligence, allowed its existence as an anomaly to be concealed from the American Secure Containment Initiative until its death in 1865.

While at the height of its health SCP-6861 measured 12 meters long and weighed over 7 metric tons. This influenced the SCP’s successful, though short lived, wrestling and military careers.

SCP-6861 would, in its adulthood, pursue a career in politics, joining the, at the time anti-slavery, Republican Party and becoming a member of the Illinois house of representatives in 1834, the American House of Representatives in 1842 and eventually participating in the 1860 presidential race.

PoI-1860 would eventually die in 1865, following a terrorist attack in Washington’s D.C Ford’s Theatre by confederate sympathizer John Wilkes Booth, who fatally shot PoI-1860 through the eyesocket while uttering the phrase “Sic Semper Tyrannosaurus”. The death of PoI-1860 in this event led to the loss of its anomalous properties, and as a result an extensive coverup by the American Secure Containment Initiative, which would later become the SCP Foundation, took place. A posthumous analysis of Booth’s body revealed it to be a member of the species *Spinosaurus aegyptiacus*.

<< [SCP-6860](SCP-6860) | SCP-6861 | [SCP-6862](SCP-6862) >>
