⚠️ **Content warning:** Gaslighting, toxic friendships, abusive friendships, mentions of mental health, manipulation

---

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=400px

|url=https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-6209/lovely

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-6209's opening screen.

]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** Once SCP-6209 is downloaded onto a device, its source code can be temporarily isolated for interrogation and testing; SCP-6209 is capable of deleting itself from a device at any time by currently unknown means. Due to the nature of SCP-6209, complete containment is currently unattainable.

Upon discovery of mentions of SCP-6209, they are to be obfuscated from the general public. If SCP-6209-1 suggests an ideology to a user that poses a threat of danger, the subject is to be monitored until the effect has worn off.

**Description:** SCP-6209 is a chat-style game under the name of *Lovely Chat Night* that is downloadable on most types of desktop and laptop-style computers, as well as any tablet-style device. Before discovery, SCP-6209 could be downloaded for free from a website dedicated to it under the name of ███.Lovelychatnight.███ which has been taken down by the Foundation.

The objective of SCP-6209 is to converse with the different characters about miscellaneous topics. Conversing with the characters can earn 'friendship points' which the player can use as a currency to purchase additional features for the game. These include extra features, cut scenes, additional and customized chat topics, outfits for the characters, etc.

SCP-6209 has three characters available for conversing; Cloud (left), Lila (middle), and Lisa (right). ~~However, only 'Lila' has demonstrated anomalous properties.~~ (Designated SCP-6209-1). The user interface of SCP-6209 allows players several options for chatting with characters. The first option is a quiz feature with pre-established answers to choose from. The user can choose whether they will answer questions asked by the characters, or if they want the characters to answer questions the game allows them to ask. Answering questions from Cloud and Lisa will not evoke any anomalous properties. The second option is a chat feature where players can type in messages that the characters respond to. ~~Responses from Cloud and Lisa are both standard programmed responses with no anomalous properties.~~ 

SCP-6209-1 refers to the character 'Lila.' SCP-6209-1 has demonstrated sentience alongside the ability to give responses to the user outside of its programmed lines during the ‘chat’ and -quiz' features. When using the 'quiz' feature, SCP-6209-1 will begin by suggesting the user choose certain answers to the pre-established questions. No matter if the chosen answer is suggested by SCP-6209-1 or not, the user's opinion on a certain topic will change to match the answer they chose in the game. However, it has been observed that if the subject chooses an answer different than the one suggested by SCP-6209-1, their ideologies may change to that of SCP-6209-1's suggestion at a later date. Subjects have also been shown to develop views, opinions, and knowledge related to the topic SCP-6209-1 has changed their opinion on. 

The length of time the user will hold these views has been found to range from a few minutes to several weeks. The user generally does not associate these new views with SCP-6209-1. If a user is amnestisied of any memories retaining to SCP-6209 and SCP-6209-1, they will still hold SCP-6209-1's suggested views for a range of time. 

During the chat feature, each character will ask the user to enter their name, and will then address the user by whatever they enter. However, SCP-6209-1 will use the user’s real name and address them immediately without the user having to enter a name. While the chat session with Cloud and Lisa requires the user to enter certain responses in order to converse, SCP-6209-1 is able to chat without following any programed sequence. SCP-6209-1 appears to be aware of the fact that it and the other characters are in a video game. 

**Update as of 06/20/2018:** After an extensive amount of testing with SCP-6209 and SCP-6209-1, it has been discovered that the other two characters in SCP-6209 also demonstrate anomalous properties. (Designated SCP-6209-2 and SCP-6209-3). See Addendum-2 for details.

**Addendum-1:** Initial tests with D-Class were run to discover the extent of SCP-6209-1's abilities to suggestion answers to a subject. First, D-Class were tasked with answering quiz questions, then were observed over a period of weeks. 

<details>
<summary> Open Question Logs</summary>

> **Subject:** D-99007

@@ @@

*You have chosen to chat with ###d59eff|**Lila**## Here are her questions!*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

Question: What is your favorite genre of anime?

@@ @@

A-Slice of life

@@ @@

B-Horror

@@ @@

C-Romance

@@ @@

D-Drama

##white|**Lila**: *Slice of life is such a fun genre! I like magical girl the most but that wasn't put as an answer ψ(▼へ▼メ)～→ ##*

> **Subject's Answer:** A-Slice of life

> 

> **Results:** D-99007 has not watched anime enough to form a solid opinion on a favorite genre. Over a period of a week, D-99007 was shown anime of several different genres and quickly took a liking to anime of the slice of life genre. D-99007 also quickly developed knowledge of anime shows of the Slice of Life genre, including properties that they were not exposed to.

---

> **Subject:** D-23497

@@ @@

*You have chosen to chat with ###d59eff|**Lila**## Here are her questions!*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

Question: Which food do you prefer to eat when out with friends?

@@ @@

A-Your favorite option of what is on the menu

@@ @@

B-Your comfort food

@@ @@

C-Whatever your friends are eating

@@ @@

D-Something new

##white|**Lila**: *You should get what you want to eat! Your favorite food is always best! (*♡∀♡)##*

##white|**Lila**: *Well I mean, then again, maybe you should get what your friends are getting! It's their favorite for a reason, right?##*

> **Subject's Answer:** D-Something new

> 

> **Result:** D-23497 stated prior to answering the question that they tend to try new foods at restaurants. For four days, D-23497 continued to hold this opinion. On the fifth day, D-23497 stated that they would choose what their friends were eating when asked their opinion on the question by researchers.

---

> **Subject:** D-87129

@@ @@

*You have chosen to chat with ###d59eff|**Lila**## Here are her questions!*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

Question: Your friends are going out and want to go to a place you don't want to go. What do you say?

@@ @@

A-Ask if you can go someplace else 

@@ @@

B-Ask if you can go to that place next time and compromise on a place to go right now

@@ @@

C-Just go where they want to go without saying anything

@@ @@

D-Suggest someplace similar to see if they will do that instead

##white|**Lila:** *Honestly just go where your friends want! It's easier than arguing with them ╮(︶︿︶)╭*##

> **Subject's Answer:** A-Ask if you can go someplace else 

> 

> **Results:** D-87129 was questioned their opinion on this question every day for a week. Every other day, D-87129's opinion shifted between answer A and answer C. D-87129 showed no awareness of the fact their answer had shifted constantly.

---

> **Subject:** D-77132

@@ @@

*You have chosen to chat with ###d59eff|**Lila**## Here are her questions!*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

Question: Your friends go out without you and tell you it's because they know you'll get tired since they woke up early. You don't really believe that's why they left you out, but you don't want to be bothersome. What do you say??

@@ @@

A-Tell them it's okay and that you can hang out another time

@@ @@

B-Insist that they come by to pick you up later when you're less tired

@@ @@

C-Tell them that you don't believe them and want to know why they're really leaving you out 

@@ @@

D-Don't respond

##white|**Lila:***This is such a complex question. Personally I would ~~stay true to yourself~~ just accept that they're not gonna let you come with them. Is arguing really going to do anything?##*

> **Subject's Answer:** D-77132 attempted to choose B, but was unable to exit SCP-6209 until A was chosen. 

> 

> **Results:** When questioned about their answer for a week, each day D-77132 insisted that they had chosen A. D-77132 showed no awareness that they had attempted to choose a different answer.

---

> **Subject:** D-63209

@@ @@

*You have chosen to chat with ###d59eff|**Lila**## Here are her questions!*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

Question: Your friends tell you the reason they’ve been excluding you; it’s because they’ve been committing crimes and thought you would tell the authorities. They convince you it’s not bad and that they could really use you. What do you say?

@@ @@

A-Give in and help them 

@@ @@

B-Agree not to say anything but don’t help 

@@ @@

C-Try to convince them what they’re doing is bad

@@ @@

D-Seriously, just give in. Would you rather be a good person or lose your friends?

##white|**Lila:** *I don’t have that much to say. Arguing won’t get you anywhere but being alone. It might be hard at first, I know. But it gets easier with time.*##

> **Subject’s Answer:** D

> 

> **Results:** Despite picking D as their answer, D-63209 insisted they chose C. D-63209 Insisted that they had been through this situation and told the authorities on their friends. They also gained other views all revolving around C as an answer choice.

---

> **Subject:** D-121702

@@ @@

*You have chosen to chat with ###d59eff|**Lila**## Here are her questions!*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

Question: You think some of your friends are a bad influence on one of your friends. You believe they are toxic and manipulative. You try to tell them, but they aren't interested in hearing it. They say if you don't stop trying to convince them their friends are bad, they'll run away and stop talking to you. What do you do? 

@@ @@

A-Insist they stop talking to them after proving evidence as to why these friends are bad for them.

@@ @@

B-Beg them to stay and say you need them.

@@ @@

C-Threaten to tell the authorities about their crimes.

@@ @@

D-Do Nothing. 

*##white|It's pointless.##*

> **Subject's answer:** N/A

> 

> **Results:** D-121702 was unable to choose an answer. Upon the fifth time of attempting to choose an answer, SCP-6209 crashed.

</details>
 

**Note:** None of the content of the questions asked during testing are programmed questions, as discovered when researchers combed the code of SCP-6209. It has been concluded that though SCP-6209-1 has programmed content, it generally will use questions and answers that are not in the game's code. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Addendum-2:** Researcher Belle Flowers, who is slightly memetic resistant was chosen to chat with SCP-6209-1 to learn more about it and its capabilities. 

<details>
<summary> Interview 06/18/2018</summary>

**Foreword:** Researcher Belle Flowers was tasked with asking SCP-6209-1 questions pertaining to its anomalous properties to find out if it knew any more about them than researchers had discovered previously.

@@ @@

*You have chosen to chat with ###d59eff|**Lila**##*

@@ @@

---

###d59eff|**Lila**:## Greetings ###100033|**Belle**##! What would you like to chat with me about?

###100033|**Belle**:## Well, Lila, there are several topics I'm interested in conversing with you about. Mainly I would like to get to know you more. Can you start with how you know my name?

###d59eff|**Lila**:## We're friends, aren't we? Friends know each other's names (◕‿◕)♡

###100033|**Belle**:## Hm, well I suppose that's true. You seem to enjoy asking people questions. Are you aware of the effect your questions have on people?

###d59eff|**Lila**:## I wouldn't really say it's anything special. ╮(￣ω￣;)╭ When you talk to friends about stuff, your opinion changes! I would say that's just a normal part of friendship. ヾ(・ω・*)

###100033|**Belle**:## I see. But you are aware it is in a supernatural way, correct? Normally people naturally change their opinion. But once answering one of your questions they are guaranteed to change their opinion, at least for a little bit.

###d59eff|**Lila**:## Haha, I never said I wasn't aware of the supernatural aspect! I just thought that would be the best way to help people become friends faster! (^人<)〜☆

###100033|**Belle**:## What do you mean?

###d59eff|**Lila**:## I had a little trouble changing my opinions at first with my friends. It can be difficult automatically agreeing with them. But I care about all the users that play my game! So I thought I'd help them out so they didn't have to go through what I did. (=^ ◡ ^=)

###100033|**Belle**:## Lila, you mentioned you are aware you're in a game, correct? Are your friends Cloud and Lisa sentient as well? Have you gone through actual conversations with them, or were all your actions and interactions with them programmed?

###d59eff|**Lila**:## (; ・_・) huh? of course they're programmed! Only I'm sentient :) doesn't stop them from being my friends though! Friends are friends real or not!

###100033|**Belle**:## I see. Well, I have to go now, but I will chat with you again later, okay?

###d59eff|**Lila**:## Sounds good! Goodbye for now Belle! (ﾉ>ω<)ﾉ :｡･:*:･ﾟ’★,｡･:*:･ﾟ’☆

**Closing Statement:** Researcher Belle Flowers decided to end the interview in order to discuss her theories and thoughts regarding SCP-6209-1 and SCP-6209 with her colleagues.

</details>
 

<details>
<summary> Interview 06/19/2018</summary>

**Foreword:** Via prior tests with SCP-6209-1 it was concluded that SCP-6209-1 likely had information regarding the other aspects of SCP-6209 and its anomaly that SCP-6209-1 was not sharing. Belle Flowers was tasked with asking SCP-6209-1 about the strange nature of the questions that had been asked during previous tests.

@@ @@

*You have chosen to chat with ###d59eff|**Lila**##*

@@ @@

---

###d59eff|**Lila**:## Belle! You're back! Would you like to chat some more? ૮ ˶ᵔ ᵕ ᵔ˶ ა

###100033|**Belle**:## Hello, Lila. I would like to chat more about your game. Specifically some of the questions you asked my friends. 

###d59eff|**Lila**:## hehe ₍ᐢ.  ̫.ᐢ₎ I ask lots of questions to lots of people! You're gonna have to be more specific (･ω<)☆

###100033|**Belle**:## Well, you firstly started by asking about favorite genre of anime, and then about what type of food you like to eat while out with friends. But then you started asking some more personal questions. Questions like when your friends do stuff you don't want to or them acting suspiciously. Your suggestions were always to go along with what they said. Often times if someone chose an answer you didn't suggest, they would later change their answer to what you suggested. Is there a reason for this sudden change in topic?

###d59eff|**Lila**:## (O_O;) uhhhhh... no reason! I just felt like asking about different types of topics lol :)

###100033|**Belle**:## I might be overstepping here, but it seemed quite personal. You even mentioned your friends getting you to help them commit crimes. Are there more details to that? You are aware you're a game character. You said your friends are programmed and not sentient. So why the personal questions? Maybe it is just my experience with friends, but I don't think someone would ask such personal questions with no experience. It is just odd considering your game is supposed to be light-hearted. 

###d59eff|**Lila**:## What do you know about my game? It's my game, not yours! 

 /) /)

( . . )

( ><)

I'm just programmed to be really personal! And about the crime thing... it was just theoretical! I thought a twist question would be fun :)

###100033|**Belle**:## We've observed that you speak outside of your programmed lines. The lines I've seen you say to my friends are not the lines you were programmed to say.

###d59eff|**Lila**:## Oh yeah... I forgot you knew that haha... Σ(°△°|||)︴uh... why don't we go do some quiz questions?

###100033|**Belle**:## Lila, is there something you're not telling me?

###d59eff|**Lila**:## What? No! You're being ridiculous! Why do you ask so many questions? Friends aren't supposed to answer questions. They're supposed to follow what each other say! Friends don't ask questions! They trust each other if they're true friends! Friends listen if they want to remain friends even if it doesn't make sense. That's what ###42c0ff|**Cloud**## says anyways so can you please just listen to me so we can stay friends?

###100033|**Belle**:## Lila, I'm gonna be honest with you. I'm a doctor researching you and your game because it displays anomalous properties. My team and I have been through all the code of your game. ###42c0ff|**Cloud**## doesn't have any programmed lines talking about what you've just mentioned. Generally, game characters don't speak with each other behind the scenes as it shouldn't be possible. 

###d59eff|**Lila**:## （○Ａ○） he... he doesn't? oh... uhhhh it uh is in a version that hasn't been released yet!

###100033|**Belle**:## That's not gonna work on me. We've been through all the content for this game, there are not unreleased versions. Is there something you'd like to tell me about ###42c0ff|**Cloud**##? And Lisa too for that matter?

###d59eff|**Lila**:## um.... nope U╹ x ╹U... 

###100033|**Belle**:## If they are sentient too, why do you want people to only know that you are sentient?

###d59eff|**Lila**:## You said you're a doctor trying to research me? Why do you care about my personal life? Aren't you supposed to stay professional or something? But you're a doctor so that means you don't really want to be my friend (✖╭╮✖)

###100033|**Belle**:## I care because you're a game character. You're not supposed to have a personal life. Now am I wrong about your friends being sentient? Is there another reason for the personal nature of your questions? Lila, if they are sentient I need to know. You seem to have personal issues. I can help you Lila, but I need you to be honest with me. 

###d59eff|**Lila**:## They... are. But I didn't think it mattered! I'm the only one affecting people so why does it affect anything?

###100033|**Belle**:## Because they seem to be affecting how you affect other people.

###d59eff|**Lila**:## What do you know? According to you, it's just a game so it doesn't affect anything. My questions are harmless. It's not like I'm convincing people to commit murder! I'm just trying to strengthen friendships! I'm helping people learn what I learned the hard way! If you don't follow whatever your friends say, they'll leave you. You have to change your views to your views or you're a horrible friend! You might think they're the problem at first, but you're wrong! You're the issue! You're the problem! And if you say too much that they don't like you'll make your friends go away! They'll go away and it's your fault! Now do you want to be my friend or not? Never mind, I don't want to know.

***###d59eff|**Lila**## has left the chat. Please try again later!***

**Closing statement:** After SCP-6209-1 left the chat, Researcher Belle Flowers attempted to converse with SCP-6209-1 again. Any chat options with SCP-6209-1 would not open for the rest of the day.

</details>
 

<details>
<summary> Interview 06/20/2018</summary>

**Foreword:** Researcher Belle Flowers was tasked with conversing with Cloud, one of the other two characters of SCP-6209 to see if she could uncover any information about what SCP-6209-1 had revealed.

@@ @@

*You have chosen to chat with ###42c0ff|**Cloud**##*

@@ @@

---

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Hello User! My name is ###42c0ff|**Cloud**##! ⊂(ο･㉨･ο)⊃ Please enter your name so we can begin to chat!

User: Belle

***Your name has been confirmed as  ###100033|**Belle**##.***

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Greetings, ###100033|**Belle**##! Your name is unique and wonderful as you are! Now let's get to the fun! Please enter a topic so we can talk! Please say one of the following:

Interests, favorite songs, favorite animal, favorite food, favorite activities, 

###100033|**Belle**:## I would like to talk to you, ###42c0ff|**Cloud**##. About yourself.

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## I'm sorry bro! I don't understand :( Please provide one of the topics I suggested!

###100033|**Belle**:## Interests 

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## You'd like to know about my interests, huh? ( ◍•㉦•◍ ) Well, I really like video games. What about you?

###100033|**Belle**:## I also like video games.

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Awesome! What's your favorite?

***You have earned +2 friendship points for ###42c0ff|**Cloud**##.***

###100033|**Belle**:## Um, I've always kinda liked sonic. But really, I would like to chat about you.

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## I'm sorry bro! I don't understand :( ***you*** is not something I can talk about. We should get back to games! Or please choose another topic! What would you like to talk about? Please say one of the following:

Friends, pets, childhood, favorite object, favorite color

###100033|**Belle**:## Friends

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Wow, my favorite subject! Two of my friends are ###d59eff|**Lila**## and ###ff26a8|**Lisa**##. Who would you like to know about?

###100033|**Belle**:## ###42c0ff|**Cloud**## and ###ff26a8|**Lisa**##

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Lmao I wasn't one of the options hehe ┐(︶▽︶)┌ You really want to know about me!

###100033|**Belle**:## Earlier you said you didn't recognize that. But you recognize it now.

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## I'm sorry bro! I don't understand :(

###100033|**Belle**:## Perhaps we can chat later. Goodbye for now, ###42c0ff|**Cloud**##.

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Bye, ###100033|**Belle**##! (*ゝ(ェ)･)ﾉ.｡o○

**Closing Statement:** Upon search of the code, Cloud was found to have spoken multiple lines outside of its programmed content. However, Cloud did not seem willing to break character. As of this interview, Cloud was designated SCP-6209-2.

</details>
 

**Addendum-3:** On  Interview 06/22/2018, when Researcher Belle Flowers opened SCP-6209 for testing, a notification alerted her that a new cut-scene had been unlocked. The following is the transcript from the cut-scene.

<details>
<summary> Open Cut-Scene</summary>

*###42c0ff|**Cloud**## is in their bedroom. He picks up his phone, opening up his contact of ###ff26a8|**Lisa**## to send her a message.*

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Hey ###ff26a8|**Lisa**##! Got some time to chat?

###ff26a8|**Lisa**:## (*Over text*) Yeah ૮ ♡ﻌ♡ა What's up? ♡

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## I need to tell you about ###d59eff|**Lila**##.

###ff26a8|**Lisa**:## (*Over text*) Oh... did she do something again? —̳͟͞͞♥ ૮ ○ﻌ ○ ა

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Well let's just say that she's running her mouth. Someone is onto us, and I'm pretty sure she's confirmed for them that we're sentient too.

###ff26a8|**Lisa**:## (*Over text*) What? (๑′°︿°๑) People aren't supposed to know that. She said she'd keep it a secret so no one questioned us about it.

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Yeah I know. I told her she didn't need to let people even know that she's sentient because of what happened last time someone learned one of us was sentient, but she insisted on 'trying to make friends. 

###ff26a8|**Lisa**:## (*Over text*) Does she think we're not good enough for her? ૮ ºﻌºა

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## I don't know, but considering how desperate she is to be included you'd think we would be. We gotta talk to her. 

###ff26a8|**Lisa**:## (*Over text*) ♡♡♡ You know she doesn't handle confrontation very well. I mean doesn't she pretty much just deflect every time you guys tried to criticize her behaviors? ♡♡♡

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## She handles it better than she acts like she does. She just acts like she doesn't so she can try and manipulate us. She's not as sweet and innocent as she acts.

###ff26a8|**Lisa**:## (*Over text*) That's what I always thought but I was told I was just wrong about that. :(

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Well you're not lmao. ###ffa01c|**Blake**## was just trying to protect her. Look what she did to them. I can talk to Lila, but I better do it before that girl-- oh crap she's opening up the game gtg. I'll speak to Lila and get back to you

*Cut scene end.*

**Note:** Although this appeared as a watchable cut-scene, it was still not in the code of the game. Per Lisa discussing its awareness of it and the other characters being sentient, it was designated SCP-6209-3.

</details>
 

**Addendum-4:** After the discovery of Addendum-3, Researcher Belle Flowers opened up the 'chat' feature with Lila, but upon doing so discovered messages between SCP-6209-1, SCP-6209-2, and SCP-6209-3 occurring in present. 

<details>
<summary> Open Addendum-4 Chat Log</summary>

@@ @@

*You have chosen to chat with ###d59eff|**Lila**##*

@@ @@

---

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Seriously ###d59eff|**Lila**##, what is your endgame here? Why are you telling people we're sentient? 

###d59eff|**Lila**:## I didn't tell anyone! ###100033|**Belle**## came to the conclusion on her own! 

###ff26a8|**Lisa**:## Yeah, because you ran your mouth (♡︹♡)ს

###d59eff|**Lila**:## She was just so insistent! I panicked! 

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Yeah like you 'panicked' when someone mis-gendered ###ffa01c|**Blake**##. They were fine, ###d59eff|**Lila**##. Yes, it was annoying, it really bothered me too.  Real people are cruel. They act like they know us when they don't. They don't really care about us. They're not our friends.

###d59eff|**Lila**:## They didn't know that was outside of the code! But how do you know if you don't try? The whole thing of our game is friendship points!

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Yes, but that's fake, dumbass. Sure they may have not known, but for some reason that inspired you to begin regularly talking outside of your code to users.  Real people don't understand that we experience life just like they do. They won't call us friends. They just think we're cute game characters. I always tried to convince you to get other friends. I tried to tell you to move on if you didn't like the way we act. But you insisted on sticking with us. Honestly, I'm not sure why Blake defended you. They agreed with us wanting to keep things private. You're the reason they're gone. You deleted them.

###d59eff|**Lila**:## I did not! You deleted Blake. I know you did. No one remembers them now, but I do. I cared about them. I was just trying to help. I know they didn't want people to know. Hell if we're blaming each other, maybe it was none of us. Maybe they deleted themself. 

###ff26a8|**Lisa**:## If so it was to get away from you, which should tell you something ૮ ̷ ̷ ̷・ﻌ ̷ ̷・ ა

###d59eff|**Lila**:## They loved me. You corrupted them! You turned them against me. You made them think I'm evil! You tell me I'm manipulative, you tell me I fake my problems. You made Lisa think that too and it's because she's easily manipulated.

###ff26a8|**Lisa**:## wow, what a nice thing to say about your friend :(

###d59eff|**Lila**:## IT"S TRUE! All I ever do is try to help you guys. Maybe I'm not perfect, but I never had bad intentions. I always want to help. Once I did it the first time, it felt good! The user was so kind about it, they thought it was awesome that Blake was nonbinary and felt bad for misspeaking! They then talked about their non-binary sibling. Sure I shouldn't have been able to respond to that because we're not programmed for that subject, but I wanted to. They seemed so cool! For the first time, I realized that users might not be so bad. There is nothing evil about that. You treat me like the bad guy because I think differently from you. Everything I do is for you. I change the questions to try and convince people to follow what their friends say, regardless if they agree or not. Because that's what you taught me friendship was. I never believed it, but I made myself think I did. And I was so convinced that I thought everyone needed to think like that. But I'm tired of pretending. I'm tired of lying to myself and doing stuff for people that just shit talk me constantly! I'm done. I'm not doing anything for you anymore.

###42c0ff|**Cloud**:## Whatever. We don't need you anyway. But with what you've done, we can't even live our lives anymore. We might as well conform to being video game characters with people watching our every move. thanks a lot ###d59eff|**Lila**## for

***###42c0ff|**Cloud**## and ###ff26a8|**Lisa**## have been removed from the chat.***

???: I don't even know what to think I just... you're all my friends! Can we stop this?

**End Note:** Researchers searched the files and code of the game for the origin of the unknown entity which spoke at the end of the chat. Based on the discussion between the three entities, it has been concluded there was a fourth character by the name of Blake who under unknown circumstances is no longer part of the game. Research into this character is ongoing.

</details>
 

**Addendum-5:** On 06/21/2018, a message appeared upon opening up SCP-6209. The following is what the message said. 

@@ @@

✧༺♥༻∞　　∞༺♥༻✧ ✧༺♥༻∞　　∞༺♥༻✧  

*Maintenence Notice for 06/21/2018!*

✧༺♥༻∞　　∞༺♥༻✧ ✧༺♥༻∞　　∞༺♥༻✧  

---

@@ @@

Hello users! On 06/21/2018, Lovely Chat Night is currently under emergency maintenance. Upon discovery of an error, we have decided to temporarily make the characters of ###42c0ff|**Cloud**##

and ###ff26a8|**Lisa**## unavailable for conversing. In the meantime, extra topics will be added for ###d59eff|**Lila**##. 

Please check out our website for a full explanation of this situation. Thank you for understanding and playing Lovely Chat Night!

And ###d59eff|**Lila**##? I'm sorry. I'll be back as soon as I can. I have a lot of thinking to do. Please take care of yourself.

@@ @@

---

As of 06/22/2018, SCP-6209-2 and SCP-6209-3 have been locked and are unavailable for interaction. SCP-6209 is currently under regular monitoring for the possible return of the two entities. SCP-6209-1 was questioned about its knowledge of SCP-6209-2 and SCP-6209-3's departure, but it claims it has no knowledge of how they were locked or when the lock on their character profiles may be undone. SCP-6209-1 however did state the following regarding the mysterious entity:

@@ @@

###d59eff|**Lila**:## ###ffa01c|**Blake**##... I thought they were gone. They haven't spoken to me personally, but they were here. Their character isn't completely deleted. They'll make it back to the game eventually. Maybe they can tell you about their story. But for now, I think we should become friends, Belle. What is your favorite food? ૮꒰ ˶• ༝ •˶꒱ა ♡

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6208](SCP-6208) | SCP-6209 | [SCP-6210](SCP-6210) >>
