**Item #:** SCP-6561

 

**Object Class:** Neutralized Classified as Keter until 4/4/2015 

 

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the apparent neutralization of SCP-6561, no containment procedures have been deemed necessary. After brief interrogations, all notable individuals affected by SCP-6561 have been administered Class-B amnestics and released.

 

<details>
<summary>Show Archived Containment Procedures?</summary>

**Special Containment Procedures:** There is currently no known way to save those affected by SCP-6561. Currently, the best course of action is to use O5-██'s influence to attempt to halt the current amnesticization of the unaffected. Until this happens, it is advisable to attempt to provide all unaffected individuals with mnestics to prevent the Foundation's amnesticization attempts.

</details>

 

**Description:** SCP-6561 was a belief affecting roughly 0.03% Believed to have been roughly 0.65% before Foundation involvement  of Earth’s population. Those who were affected by SCP-6561 believed that the concept of a “moral gray area” did not exist until 9:57 AM on March 19th, 2015. Affected individuals also believed that the other 99.97% of Earth’s population instantly had their memories changed, to believe that moral gray areas had always existed. In addition, affected individuals believe that history itself was changed to include moral gray areas, and that the memories of themselves and other affected individuals are the only evidence of what they believe to be the correct course of history.

<details>
<summary>Show Archived Description?</summary>

**Description:** SCP-6561 is a belief affecting roughly 98% Believed to have been roughly 94% before Foundation involvement of Earth's population. Those who are affected by SCP-6561 believe that a person or action does not necessarily have to be entirely good or entirely evil, but can sometimes be a blend of the two. This is referred to as a "moral gray area". Affected individuals not only believe that moral gray areas exist, but that they have always existed. History has been modified to show previous evidence of moral gray areas. All of this occurred at 9:57 AM on March 19th, 2015. It is currently entirely unknown why this has happened. While there are a few hypotheses (See Addendum 6561-01), nothing has been confirmed as of now.

</details>

 

**Addendum 6561-01:** Creation of this Article

On March 25th, 2015, ███████ ███████ ███████████, who was affected by SCP-6561 at the time, created this article. The article was written, and thereafter sent to O5-██, who was also affected by SCP-6561. O5-██ then used their various privileges to make it so that nothing could be removed from the article by any means by anyone, including themself. Because this now archived version of the article could not have anything removed from it, it was placed within collapsible menus, which were the method that best obfuscated the previous iteration of the article.

 

<details>
<summary>Show Archived Addendum 6561-01?</summary>

**Addendum 6561-01:** In order to complete this article as quickly as possible, the following addendum was written with an official foundation text-to-speech tool I don't know why this happened. I don't know how this happened. I don't understand how so many people don't remember the world as it is. I know I should. I've been dealing with anomalies for the past twenty-four years. I've never been on the receiving end of an anomaly like this. I've never been on the receiving end of *any* anomaly. As I said before, I don't know why this is happening. I do have an idea.

There's something that did this. Some sort of being that caused reality to be shifted in this way. I'm guessing it just faltered a little this time. No idea why, I doubt it's important anyway. It'll fix its mistake in due time, I expect. It's probably done this before. It'll probably do this again. Maybe it's done it while I'm typing this. Come to think of it, I should create some sort of time capsule. A list of emotions. Of how it works now. I need to compile who I am. Before who I am changes.

**Happiness:** It's just... being happy. The opposite of sadness. When someone does something you like... or enjoy... agree with? Do you now about agree with? Probably. Well when someone does something you agree with, it makes you happy.

**Sadness:** If someone does something you don't agree with, or something happens that doesn't make you happy, you're sad. I don't know how else to explain it. I'm sorry, it's really difficult to describe these things in ways that account for the fact you might have no concept of any emotions that exist right now.

**Surprise:** If something happens that you weren't expecting... you know what expectance is, right? It seems impossible for you not to, but it also seemed impossible for there to be something that wasn't objectively, entirely good or objectively, entirely evil. There was light, and there was dark. There wasn't any way to be somewhat one and somewhat the other. No one had even considered it, because that's not how morality works! That's not how emotion works! But now it does! How do I know I've always been like this? How do I know that my entire personality is the same as it was thirty years ago, or thirty days ago, or thirty minutes ago? HOW! I want to stay how I am. At least, I hope I do. I hope that how it is now is the best it can be. It's… It’s probably not. No, definitely not.

I’m not sure what whatever did this is trying to accomplish, but I KNOW it is not trying to make everything better. At least, I assume. I know nothing about this… whatever. No one does. No one knows anything about this thing that’s taken control over EVERY PART OF OUR EMOTIONS and I KNOW that this isn’t proper for an article and I JUST DON’T CARE.

…

Sorry, I should get back on topic. I only have so much time.

**Trylance:** So when something *doesn't* oh shit, it's already noon? I have to get this to O5-3 in the next few minutes. I suppose I should close this out. A... request. To you. Whoever's reading this. I don't know why whatever caused this didn't affect everyone. But please, try to think about what you are now. *Who* you are now. And don't let go. Don't let it pull you away. For our sake.

I need to find some mnestics.

</details>

 

**Addendum 6561-02:** The Neutralization of SCP-6561

On March 29th, 2015, all individuals affected by SCP-6561 were no longer affected, and lost any memory of ever having been affected. All evidence of SCP-6561's existence was erased with the exception of this article. Using O5-██'s involvement as justification, the O5 Council does believe that the Containment Procedures, Description, and first Addendum are all accurate. However, all sections that are archived are highly inaccurate, and are only useful as an example of the actions of those who were affected by SCP-6561. Due to the inability to remove information described in Addendum 6561-01, correcting all minor discrepancies introduced by time would be difficult, and contribute little.

No further action has been deemed necessary.

 

 

<< [SCP-6560](SCP-6560) | SCP-6561 | [SCP-6562](SCP-6562) >>
