**Item #:** SCP-6950

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The roadside section dubbed "Wendy’s Road" within █████, England is to be monitored bi-weekly between the hours of 11:55PM and 12:05AM by no more than three patrolling security personnel.

Security personnel are to report any sightings of SCP-6950. If such an event occurs, they are to follow standard protocol for interacting with incorporeal humanoid entities. Personnel must dress plainly and appropriately for nighttime weather, as not to arouse suspicion.

**Description:** SCP-6950 is an incorporeal humanoid resembling a young woman with shoulder length blonde hair, dressed in a white sweater and skirt (See additional documentation describing spectral entities of a similar nature [SCP-1337](SCP-1337), [SCP-1401](SCP-1401), and [SCP-2539](SCP-2539) for further information). 

SCP-6950 will manifest bi-weekly at exactly 12:00AM on an indiscriminate night, walking along an uninhabited section of roadside, dubbed by locals as “Wendy’s Road”, outside █████, England. SCP-6950 will de-manifest if no vehicles pass by before 12:01AM. If a vehicle does arrive, SCP-6950 will display a hand signal as if attempting to flag its driver for a lift. As of writing, no reported persons have stopped to pick up SCP-6950 either out of fear or disinterest.

**Discovery Log:** Local legends predating SCP-6950’s discovery describe a young woman (Wendy Williams) of similar age having committed suicide twenty-five years ago, nearby the location. The road was given the title "Wendy’s Road" by locals after several eyewitnesses claimed to have spotted a "spectre" resembling a young woman on multiple occasions. Additional sightings became less frequent overtime, causing the local legend to eventually fade into near obscurity.

SCP-6950 was reported following a sudden number of additional sightings twenty-five years later.

Little is currently known about the extent of SCP-6950’s anomalous properties or the reason for its sudden resurfacing. Excavation of Wendy William’s remains for further study is under consideration.

**Addendum:** During bi-weekly monitoring of Wendy’s Road, personnel witnessed a car drive by, containing SCP-6950 in the passenger seat. The vehicle was tracked the following day to Craig Spritner, a local civilian who claimed to be unfamiliar with the local legend.

Craig Spritner explained that he had picked up SCP-6950 and dropped it off near a local cemetery two miles away. Upon arriving back home, Mr. Spritner found a tattered white sweater on his front seat, containing strands of blonde hair.

SCP-6950 did not manifest at Wendy’s Road the following midnight. It was instead reported two miles away at a rest area Burger King. Agent Simmons was sent to investigate.

**Interview Log:**

> **Agent Simmons:** Excuse me. May I speak to you?

> 

> **SCP-6950:** Oh hey, it’s you guys. The creepy stalkers.

> 

> **Agent Simmons:** No! We- I was just confused about why you’re here.

> 

> **SCP-6950:** …I’m hungry?

> 

> **Agent Simmons:** But you’re incorporeal. A ghost, aren’t you?

> 

> *SCP-6950 visibly takes a bite out of its double cheeseburger*

> 

> **SCP-6950:** They do it in "Ghostbusters". It’s easy.

> 

> **Agent Simmons:** Ok then… But you moved from your original placement. What made you leave?

> 

> **SCP-6950:** I told you. I was hungry.

> 

> **Agent Simmons:** No! I mean, why did you stop haunting "Wendy’s Road"?

> 

> **SCP-6950:** Haunting? I wasn’t haunting it. I was walking to a friend’s place and tried to get a lift. No luck though, everyone shits their pants whenever they get a glimpse of me. Normally I wear all white to stand out more in the dark, so much for that.

> 

> **Agent Simmons:** Then who were you trying to visit?

> 

> *SCP-6950 stares blankly for several seconds*

> 

> **SCP-6950:** …Wendy.

> 

> **Agent Simmons:** …Are you telling me that you’re not the spirit of Wendy Williams, the girl who died while hitchhiking twenty-five years ago?

> 

> **SCP-6950:** No. I died last year. Fucking Covid…

> 

> **Agent Simmons:** So she haunts the cemetery instead?

> 

> **SCP-6950:** No, she lives there. She’s a fucking ghost.

> 

> *Agent Simmons pulls out the sweater recovered from Craig Spritner’s car*

> 

> **Agent Simmons:** This sweater then. Does it hold any sort of significance, or symbolic meaning relating to your death?

> 

> *SCP-6950 stares at the sweater*

> 

> **SCP-6950:** Oh shit, my sweater! Forgot about that.

SCP-6950 left the Burger King with the sweater shortly after, before de-manifesting. As Agent Simmons did not ask SCP-6950 for a name, its former identity has yet to be determined. The cashier who had witnessed the event was later amnesticized.

Revision of SCP-6950’s containment procedures is underway.
