**Item #:** SCP-6605

**Object Class:** Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** On January 16th, 1985, SCP-6605 was reported missing (see Addendum 6605-1). If located, SCP-6605 is to be returned to Site-19's cold storage facility.

Following Incident 6605-2 (see Addendum 6605-2), D-86753 is to be monitored by increased security detail until cleared and released into the public per standard D-Class amnestic release protocol.

**Description:** SCP-6605 was the severed left foot of D-86753, which had been removed from the lower leg during an altercation at Stateville Correctional Facility in Crest Hill, Illinois. Despite being disconnected from any other sections of a human body, SCP-6605 is still capable of locomotion. Autopsy of SCP-6605 shows that the vessels and arteries of SCP-6605 continue to pump blood throughout SCP-6605 despite not being connected to a heart or any secondary method of blood production. 

SCP-6605 was first discovered while D-86753 was still a resident of Stateville Correctional Facility, after they engaged another resident in an argument which escalated to hand-to-hand combat. During the altercation, D-86753 produced a switchblade which was immediately taken by their opponent and used to cut into their left achilles tendon. After D-86753 collapsed, their opponent used the blade to cut through the cartilage connecting the tibia and fibula to the talus. During the shock, D-86753 took the blade from their opponent and slit the opponent's throat. D-86753 was taken to the facility's infirmary where they recovered and received a prosthetic foot. SCP-6605 was brought to the Foundation's attention after SCP-6605 jumped from its temporary cold storage container and continued in the direction of the infirmary's exit despite the achilles tendon presumably still having been severed.

D-86753 was admitted as a member of D-Class personnel in order to test for correlating anomalous phenomena. 

**Addendum 6605-1:** Incidents

<details>
<summary>► Incident 6605-1</summary>

> **General Incident Report: 1/16/1985**

> 

> **Involved Items/Persons:** SCP-6605, D-86753

> 

> **Incident Description:** At 1235 hours, during the daily scheduled D-Class courtyard period, D-86753 shattered a window in Site-19's cold storage facility and was apprehended in the facility. This occurred despite security footage showing D-86753 reading in the courtyard at the time.  On inspection, SCP-6605 was found missing. D-86753 no longer wore a prosthetic but rather possessed a fully-functional left foot. D-86753 was interviewed, but showed no knowledge of how they arrived in the facility, nor the whereabouts of SCP-6605 or how they regained their foot. D-86753 was returned to their cell afterwards.

</details>
 

<details>
<summary>► Incident 6605-2</summary>

> **General Incident Report: 1/16/1985**

> 

> **Involved Items/Persons:** D-86753, D-86753

> 

> **Incident Description:** At 1247 hours, D-86753 was heard screaming from their cell. After inspection, D-86753 was found laying in their cell next to their own corpse. The corpse was identical to D-86753 except that its left foot had been severed and replaced with a prosthetic, and its neck had been slit open by a sharp object. D-86753 was found holding a shard of broken glass which had been covered in blood, presumably used to cut into the corpse's throat. D-86753's right arm was found to have been severed at the elbow. D-86753 was taken to the facility's infirmary, and the severed arm was taken to Site-19's cold storage facility.

</details>

 

<< [SCP-6604](SCP-6604) | SCP-6605 | [SCP-6606](SCP-6606) >>
