**Item #:** SCP-6601

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6601 is to be hosted onto a D-class (D-5186 is the current host). The current host is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment unit. Direct contact from the current host to any person is not allowed. Performing relevant experiments requires the permission of at least one Level 3 personnel.

**Description:** SCP-6601 is a sapient incorporeal entity. The subject is able to coexist with humans, but it is unknown whether this is necessary for it to survive. SCP-6601 has a mild temper, but can be insistent in terms of changing the host's memories.

Please refer to the discovery and addendums for details.

**Discovery:**

**SCP Foundation**

**Abnormal events report**

---

**Reported by:** *Dr. Li*

**Position of reporter:**

☑ Researcher  

☐ Agent

☐ Department/Site Director

☐ Logistics Personnel

**Urgency:** ~~Low~~ High

---

**Details:**

I am always proud of my eidetic memory, but one day, I found out that they are **false**.

Combined with my work experience in the Foundation, I can't help but worry that this is an abnormal effect. Besides, I also went to the hospital for an examination, and I was able to confirm that there was no problem with my memory.

I remember clearly that I spent a very happy childhood with my parents in my hometown; but just when I was about to call my parents to greet them, I found out that my father had died before I was born. And my family apparently couldn't support the expenditure that I remember.

There are many things more serious and distinctive than these. In a word, the discrepancy between memory and reality makes me quite sure that my memory has been tampered *intentionally*. I feel uneasy at the thought of the possibilities behind it.

So I apply for and am willing to accept all the inspections of the Foundation.

I hope these are just because of my mental problems, because this is the most reassuring result.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

---

**Date:** 05/13/2021

@@@@

@@@@

**Status:** Accepted.

***Note: The urgency has been changed to "High".*** - Dr. George，05/22/2021

@@@@

@@@@

Upon further examination, SCP-6601 was discovered using Dr. Li as a host.

Dr. Li further reported that after the object was discovered, it was communicating with him by changing memoriesFor example: fabricating a note in a certain scene in memory, or inserting a voice of unknown source directly, etc., and showed fear of being found. After Dr. Li tried to communicate with it in the way of reminiscence, SCP-6601 expressed its willingness to be interviewed by the Foundation.

---

**Addendum.6601-A - Interview results:**

***Foreword:*** SCP-6601 changed Dr. Li's memories throughout the process, leaving answers to the interviewer in Dr. Li's memories. Dr. Li spoke on its behalf.

> **Interviewer:** Dr. George

> 

> **Interviewee:** Dr. Li (And SCP-6601)

> 

> **Information:**

> * SCP-6601 claimed that it has no malice.

> * SCP-6601 can be transferred through the host's physical contact with other human beings.

> * SCP-6601 claimed that the only effect it has on the host is to change the memories.

> * SCP-6601 claimed to be able to host onto all mammals, but favors humans.

> * SCP-6601 claimed to change Dr. Li's memories to "give him a happy childhood".

> *[In the interview, Dr. George expressed doubts about the above statements.]*

> * It is unknown whether SCP-6601 has any relatives(SCP-6601 began not to respond).

> * It is unknown how many humans SCP-6601 has hosted before.

>

> **Afterword:** After further communication failed, SCP-6601 was forced to transfer from Dr. Li to D-5186 under the threat of executing Dr. Li.

**Note:** Some incorporeal entities that can change humans's memories are wandering around the world. What does it mean?

A person's spirit is entirely constructed from memories. As long as it is willing, it can subvert many things.

I propose to change the object to refer to its entire ethnic group, and reclassify it as Keter, and then take prompt action. After all, how can I make sure that it is not disguising? How can I make sure that it has no malicious relatives?

 - Dr. George

**Addendum.6601.B - Researcher's notes**

> It left such a piece of paper on a desk in my memory before it left me. Every word on it is very clear imprinted in my mind.

> 

> I have transcribed the original text here for reference. Please keep it.

> 

> - Dr. Li

> ##white|Thank you very much.##

> 

> ~~-~~-

> *I'm sorry for the trouble I've caused.*

> 

> *I'll start by answering the questions I wasn't able to answer because I was too scared: I don't know if I have relatives, I've never met any. As for this body, it is my 25843^^rd^^ home.*

> 

> *In fact, I can stay in my first home with peace of mind until her death, and then look for opportunities to move safely to the next place. But as you already know, I live in human memory; and I am affected by those memories.*

> 

> *Her childhood was miserable. She has never enjoyed the love of her family, and there is also unreasonable(at least I think so) discrimination and ridicule. Fear, uneasiness, melancholy, inferiority, all of these, shrouded in her whole childhood.*

> 

> *These directly affected her present moment. No one saw how she felt on the inside. No one. I can't figure out why other people treat her that way, and I can't figure out where the love and care she should have when she was a child went.*

> 

> *She saw a sentence in the book one day, and I was stung by that sentence: **"A lucky person's lifetime is cured by childhood, while an unlucky person's lifetime is spent curing childhood."***

> 

> *...I interfered. I gave her a happy childhood within the acceptable range.*

> 

> *She got better. A lot better, obviously better. That's it.*

> 

> *But, when I think that there may be more people like her before, I can't rest assured. Since then, I began to move frequently, trying my best to change and improve.*

> 

> *It's a pity... I tried too hard on this one. I made so many mistakes that I was discovered by you.*

> 

> *I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.*

> 

> *But I have no regrets.*

<< [SCP-6600](SCP-6600) | SCP-6601 | [SCP-6602](SCP-6602) >>
