**Item #:** SCP-6166

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6166 is contained at its place of discovery. The land SCP-6166 is located on has been purchased by a Foundation front company and cordoned off as private property. Guards are to prevent any attempts at unauthorised access.

**Description:** SCP-6166 is a brick barn located in a patch of field in Cornwall, England. Local records imply the barn was once part of a larger property, however it was abandoned following the death of its former owner. A small metal plaque hung on the barn door reads [“Department of Abnormalities.”](SCP-3220 )

Testing has determined the interior SCP-6166 to possesses slightly higher hume levels to the area around it. Whilst typically imperceivable to baseline humans, Type-Green individuals who enter the space have reported headaches, nausea, increased paranoia and an overwhelming feeling of being watched.

The interior of SCP-6166 is in a severe state of disarray, with various objects scattered across the floor. Its contents are listed below:

* The remnants of some kind of wooden manger or trough. Its positioning and damaged state suggest it to have been thrown at the wall at some point in the past.

* A wooden cross suspended on the northern wall.

* Scraps of white fabric (heavily stained).

* Shards of glass and thermoplastic.

* Four jars of organic matter, all in an advanced state of decomposition.

* Bones belonging to a number of different animals.

* A single bullet casing.

There is a large, dark fluid stain on the ground near the eastern wall. Analysis determined it to be a combination of dried blood and amniotic fluid. Genetic testing identified traces of both human and deer DNA within the mixture.

<details>
<summary>Other works by this author</summary>

| %%title_linked%% | Rating: %%Rating%% |
| --- | --- |
</details>

 << [SCP-6165](SCP-6165) | SCP-6166 | [SCP-6167](SCP-6167) >>

> **Filename:** barn.png

> **Name:** Old barn across the field - geograph.org.uk - 6025961.jpg

> **Author:**	Gordon Hatton

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Old_barn_across_the_field_-_geograph.org.uk_-_6025961.jpg
