#page-title {

    display: none;

}

 :root{

   --header-subtitle: "The Department of Spectral Phenomena";

}

 .collapsible-block-link{

     font-size: 120%;

     font-weight: bold;

}

 .scp-image-block.block-right{

     margin: 0 0 1em 2em;

}

= **SCP-6766 -- To Know All Stones**

= Written by .

---

# [Check out my author page!](jack-waltz )

]

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6766's containment is abandoned by the Department of Spectral Phenomena. The entity causes little to no disruption among the civilian population and its nature makes capture unfeasible and unnecessary.

**Description:** SCP-6766 is a humanoid [Class V Spectral Entity](scp-6501 ) The entity is sapient and may or may not pose a threat to living individuals. It is likely to have existed for multiple millennia, however, the reason for its prolonged life is unknown. It is probable that the entity has access to an undetermined pool of spectral energy, either within themselves or at an unidentified location.  of benign nature. There are usually over a thousand SCP-6766 manifestations occurring each day all over the world based on surveillance footage.

SCP-6766 is approximately two metres in height and wears a black cloak concealing its body with its hood pulled over the head, obscuring its face. It possesses physical attributes that allow interactions with its environment. Additionally, SCP-6766 exhibits antimemetic properties which impede civilian and Foundation detection in most cases. During manifestations, the entity possesses a presumably wooden staff, over two metres in length, which appears to be charred. SCP-6766 has been noted to possess a skeletal body during its manifestations.

The majority of its manifestations occur at a graveyard, but others have been recorded in other areas marking the death of individuals. During SCP-6766 manifestations, the entity will emerge through a black viscous substance, manifesting in a nearby shadow. After fully materialising, the entity moves towards a gravestone Said gravestones are usually over a hundred years of age. Though this is not always the case. The true pattern behind the gravestones visited by SCP-6766 is still undetermined.  and proceeds to stand over it. In some instances, it produces a white cloth from within its cloak and attempts to clean the gravestone, removing any grime or dirt upon it. It then kneels and places an object or token in front of the gravestone before proceeding to stay stationary for approximately one minute. Following this period, it retreats to its manifestation point and collapses into the same black substance.

Attempts to disrupt this routine have all been ineffective. When agents approached to apprehend SCP-6766, they stated to have undergone a great emotional episode and were thus unable to stop the entity. Agent Bacchus was one of the first individuals to have encountered SCP-6766 with anti-cognitohazard gear since the inception of its discovery. The entity had manifested at a graveyard nearby the recently established Site-175 and was swiftly detected by AICs reviewing the live footage of nearby surveillance cameras. An interview with the agent sent has been attached below.

<details>
<summary>ATTACHMENT: Interview Log</summary>

---

**Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Jack Waelt

**Interviewee:** Agent Ivy Bacchus

---

= **<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr Waelt:** Alright, now, *[sighs]* could you please give me an explanation as to why you did not proceed with Command's instructions?

**Agent Bacchus:** I, I dunno. I just couldn't--

**Dr Waelt:** We missed the one damn shot to capture the thing. An uncontained anomaly. This site could've gone up the ranks in a fucking flash, and you... *[groans and sighs]* I'm, I'm sorry. Site administration work is just, really, like you know. Especially when we're new...

**Agent Bacchus:** It's alright.

**Dr Waelt:** I, *[sighs]* thank you. So let's begin with why exactly you did not follow our instructions as ordered. You won't be penalised. We just, we just need, like anything we can work with here and report. So tell us everything. Whatever happened, just say it.

**Agent Bacchus:** I mean... I mean it was fine at first. We could see the thing, nothing was wrong. Nothing when I approached it either. Then I told it to turn around so we could detain it. *[pauses]* All it did was look at us, and... *[remains silent for ten seconds]*

**Dr Waelt:** Ivy? You--

**Agent Bacchus:** I, we, we were sad all over. It's just hard to describe you know. No, I just can't. It was like we were overwhelmed with sadness.

**Dr Waelt:** So you're saying this thing probably has mind-affecting properties? Probably empathic?

**Agent Bacchus:** Listen Jack, I couldn't care less about the anomaly. The only thing on my mind was that, sadness. That, depression. It was like, this existential madness, and stopping it was something I mustn't do. I shouldn't try to disturb it, stop it. I felt that would've been rude... to them.

**Dr Waelt:** Who's them?

**Agent Bacchus:** [Everyone else, who's gone...](unremembered-oceans ) *[begins sobbing]*

**Dr Waelt:** *[hesitates]* Uhm, okay. Er, thank you for your time Agent Bacchus. You'll be given paid leave for the next few days to rest and be quarantined.

= **<END LOG>**

</details>

A log of several recorded SCP-6766 manifestations has been attached below.

<details>
<summary>ATTACHMENT: SCP-6766 Manifestations</summary>

---

| Owner of headstone | Information | Age of headstone | Object retrieved |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Jane McNab | Buried in a prison cemetery. | 36 years | A polaroid A picture of McNab's son, who had been killed two days prior to their arrest.  |
| Wei Yue | A victim of matricide. | 125 years | A few children's toy Said toys were most commonly used in the era Wei was alive in. The toys were undamaged but in used condition.  |
| Aloïs Kaiser | A soldier killed during the Second World War. Kaiser enlisted in the army following the death of his parents during civilian bombing campaigns.  | 78 years | A wristwatch The watch was broken and rusted beyond repair. Kaiser's initials were on the case back.  |
| Funda Akinci | A victim of maternal death. | 152 years | A manuscript The manuscript had aged quite considerably, requiring careful recovery, but was still readable. It held an unpublished poem written by Eren Akinci, Funda Akinci's son, about their mother's endeavours during childbirth. |
| Jacques Snithson | Died during the Great Influenza epidemic at the age of twelve. | 101 years | A teddy bear The toy was charred and mouldy throughout due to age. When SCP-6766 placed it on Jacqus' grave, [the object walked towards the headstone and hugged it](scp-6330 ). It has not been animate since recovery.  |
| Roueauxseaux Jacquesson-Armistead | The gravestone was extensively vandalised. No notable information about the individual is known and most of their records were destroyed. | 200 years | A rock The rock was fifteen centimetres in length and a crude child's painting of a small figure holding the hands of two other figures on either side was present on it when produced by SCP-6766. An analysis of the paint used also indicated an approximate age of 200 years.  |
| *Unknown* | The unmarked gravestone was found in the edge of the graveyard when SCP-6766 visited and was caught on newly installed surveillance cameras. The graveyard owners were unaware of the exact date the headstone was planted and the identity of the individual buried in the location. | 300 years | A *Rosa 'Mister Lincoln'* Also known as a Mr Lincoln rose.  |
</details>

---

<details>
<summary>ADDENDUM 6766.01: Incident [Level 5 Classified]</summary>

---

= **INTERNAL CCTV RECORDING**

= O5 MEETING CHAMBER C

---

*An O5 Council meeting is currently taking place. They are discussing information of interest gathered by [Mobile Task Force Alpha-1 ("Red Right Hand")](task-forces#alpha-1 ) pertaining to the [Chaos Insurgency](chaos-insurgency-hub ) following a raid on an uncovered compound. Several Keter class anomalies were discovered within the compound including some previously lost to raids by the Insurgency. The [Department of Atypical Persuasion](dap-orientation ) is currently interrogating the Insurgents captured.*

*While consulting the possible uses of an anomaly recovered, a black viscous substance begins appearing on the centre of the round table. A figure rises from the substance. Screeners installed in the meeting room quickly neutralise the entity's antimemetic effects and SCP-6766 becomes visible.*

**O5-4:** Oh shit! Fuck is that?

**O5-6:** Fire at it!

*All O5s fire their thaumaturgic weapon implants at SCP-6766. It remains impervious and undamaged by the barrage.*

**O5-2:** Oi, Three! The hell is that? Is it something we've recorded?

**O5-3:** Scanning files... Match, there is a 99.6 per cent chance that the entity is SCP-6766. A low-priority Keter class entity, who is currently uncon--

**O5-2:** To hell with a description! Fuck is it here for?

**O5-3:** Unknown. This does not match its usual manifestation pattern.

**O5-13:** Trap it with a barrier!

*A thaumaturgically powered barrier is generated around SCP-6766.*

**O5-13:** Heh, can't get out now, can it? Call a containment team from Alpha-1.

**O5-3:** Please note that SCP-6766 is a Class V Spectral Entity.

**O5-11:** Class V?

**O5-13:** Oh.

**O5-9:** Shit, don't aggravate it. This could be dangerous.

**O5-7:** Bit too late now ain't it?

*All O5s are watching the entity and the barrier is pulled down. O5-1 then relaxes and addresses the entity*

**O5-1:** Uhm, is there any reason you have come here, to us?

*SCP-6766 twitches and looks towards O5-1's direction. It speaks in multiple amalgamated voices of different ages and genders, each voice displaced by a small duration of time.*

**SCP-6766:** You... have been taking them all...

**O5-1:** Huh? Taking what?

**SCP-6766:** Everything... I left behind... for them...

**O5-1:** Er, Three, what's it talking about?

**O5-3:** SCP-6766  leaves objects or tokens on graves it manifests at. All Foundation Sites are currently monitoring nearby cemeteries and recovering objects left behind by the entity.

**O5-1:** Is this what you're talking about?

**SCP-6766:** You took everything I left... even... my rose... why?

*O5-1 remains silent for a few seconds.*

**O5-1:** It's, uhm, protocol. We always retrieve them since, they were left behind by you. An anomalous entity.

**SCP-6766:** Give them back... you know they're all there... all of them... alone for all these years...

*The O5s become startled when SCP-6766 mentions this.*

**SCP-6766:** I try to give them solace... some shred... of happiness... leave them... please...

*All O5s, excluding O5-3, begin to be affected by an empathic cognitohazard from SCP-6766. Most begin crying.*

**O5-1:**  *[sniffles]* I... *[begins crying]*

**SCP-6766:** Please... understand..

*SCP-6766 descends into the substance and demanifests.*

---

**Afterword:** As per O5 directive, all items retrieved from the graves visited by SCP-6766 have been restored. SCP-6766 manifestations have now been permitted to occur without interference.

</details>

@@ @@

---

<< [SCP-6765](SCP-6765) | SCP-6766 | [SCP-6767](SCP-6767) >>

=====

> **Name:** with_staff.png

> **Author:** , Editor 28139125, Wernervc

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Derivative of:**

> ~~-~~-

> **Name:** Sonar-con-la-muerte-personificada-no-tengas-miedo-lg.jpg

> **Author:** Editor 28139125

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sonar-con-la-muerte-personificada-no-tengas-miedo-lg.jpg)

> ~~-~~-

> **Name:** Le Trou Aid Post Cemetery 19.jpg

> **Author:** Wernervc

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Le_Trou_Aid_Post_Cemetery_19.jpg)

=====

---
