,,By Marcelles D. Raynes,,

**Item #:** SCP-6957

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** Witnesses to SCP-6957 during its brief appearance on Earth are to be amnesticized. As SCP-6957 has relocated to an unknown region of space beyond civilian space observation stations, further containment procedures of SCP-6957 are unnecessary.

**Description:** SCP-6957 is a sapient space-faring organism resembling a disembodied tongue, twelve kilometers in circumference, which entered Earth's atmosphere on 4 July 2307. SCP-6957 remained partially submerged in the Pacific Ocean for approximately seventy-two hours before ascending into Earth's atmosphere and subsequently leaving the planet's orbit. The cause of this is unknown. 

**Addendum 6957.1:** On 3 August 2307, SCP-6957 established a one-way communication channel with Earth's deep space communication relays that was intercepted by the Galactic Foundation. The message it sent has been transcribed below.

> To whom it may concern,

> 

> I am a Gormetian culinary expert of the highest calibur, hailing from the Ramsey System of the Plastic Galaxy. You know me by many names: Killgaroth, Consumer of Worlds; Killmonger, Consumer of Worlds; The World Eater, Consumer of Worlds; or Johnathan.

> 

> My clientele have hired me specifically for my exquisite pallet and measure of character, as I am well regarded for my excellent taste when it comes to devouring worlds. A visit from me is a blessing. To exist in the micro-biome of a Gormetian such as I is the highest achievement any well respecting sapient race should experience. 

> 

> Earth, however, will not receive the glory of my consumption, nor that of my clientele. 

> 

> Your atmosphere is an assault to the senses. Overloaded with a horrid amalgamation of sweet and salty that do nothing to compliment each other. Quite frankly, penetrating the planet's ocean was a refreshing reprieve from the air, although only momentarily.

> 

> Your oceans, by the stars, your oceans. What good is there other than the fact that it's liquid? If you can even **call** that liquid. The stentch, rotten to the core. The aquatic life are both hostile and rude, and the flavor. I shudder to reflect on the flavor. 

> 

> This simply will not do. There is far too much seasoning on Earth. You will rectify this immediately, and I return in another cycle to re-assess the dish. Do well not to fuck it up. 

**Addendum 6957.2:** On 3 August 2310, SCP-6957 returned to Earth, remaining suspended above the Pacific Ocean for forty-eight hours before ascending out of the atmosphere.

> To whom it may concern,

> 

> I gave you explicit instructions **not** to fuck it up. Somehow you've made an overcooked, over seasoned, dish raw. 

> 

> I would like to re-interate for emphasis.

> 

> Your planet has gone from cooked to raw. 

> 

> How in the universe did you even manage that?
