= **SCP-6712** - Trade, Build, Protect

= by 

---

= [More by Dr Asteria](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-ex-site-26)

**Item #:** SCP-6712

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Provisional Task Force Sigma-42 ("Nomads") is to await and respond to SCP-6712 manifestation events and recontain it as soon as possible, preserving the game state through any means necessary up to and including lethal force. Sigma-42 is also tasked with amnesticizing witnesses and discrediting evidence of the manifestation events. Stationary Task Force Epsilon-12 ("Settlers") is to play only one legal turn of SCP-6712 before returning it to Universe #UA-90B-6712 and preparing for another manifestation event. Under absolutely no circumstances is Epsilon-12 permitted to cheat.

**Description:** SCP-6712 is a copy of the multiplayer boardgame *Catan* that randomly manifests on Earth after being returned to Universe #UA-90B-6712. Upon manifestation, one turn of the game will have been completed by the "opponent." The tiles and wooden pieces of the game have been hot glued to a sheet of cardboard while the cards and leftover pieces remain in the box. A sticky note reading "Site-89 Break Room" has been placed on the box.

During a manifestation event, a small orb of blue-white plasma emitting arcs of electricty will appear at a point on Earth. The orb will remain for approximately 30 seconds, illuminating the surrounding area and scorching any nearby material, before dissipating. In its place will be SCP-6712.

As of 14/7/2021, the game is at too early of a state for a winner to be properly predicted. The score is currently predicted to be 5 Victory Points to 3, opponent leads.

**Addendum 6712.1:** Creation

While researching the efficacy of extrauniversal travel at Site-89 in West Virginia, a faulty generator caused the █████ Apparatus to become overactive. In the process of shutting the Apparatus down, the entire East Wing of Site-89 including the break room was lost. Located in the break room was a copy of *Catan* used by personnel for entertainment.

Approximately three days later, SCP-6712 spontaneously manifested in Moab, Utah where it was recontained by Mobile Task Force Epsilon-6 ("Village Idiots"). All witnesses were amnesticized.

SCP-6712 initially manifested with one white road and one white settlement piece placed on the board. Due to the interest in researching extrauniversal entities capable of extrauniversal travel, a blue road and blue settlement piece were placed and returned to #UA-90B-6712. SCP-6712 continously remanifested until its current game state.

**Addendum 6712.2:** Notable Events

*19/4/2021:* A "7" was apparently rolled by the opponent and a card was taken from Epsilon-12's hand upon manifestation in Tokyo, Japan.

*12/5/2021:* Epsilon-12 traded resources for a "Development Card", obtaining a "Year of Plenty" card.

*14/5/2021:* The opponent obtained the "Longest Road" card upon manifestation in Perth, Australia. Opponent leads 4 Victory Points to 2.

*31/5/2021:* SCP-6712 manifested in Shenzen, China with a handwritten note reading:

> Two wood for one brick?

One "brick" resource card was placed with the note before being returned. SCP-6712 then manifested in Manila, Philippines with two "wood" resource cards in Epsilon-12's hand. This is the only time the opponent has communicated in relation to the game mechanics.

*2/6/2021:* Epsilon-12 replaced one of their settlement pieces with a city piece. Opponent leads 4 Victory Points to 3.

*29/6/2021:* A "7" was apparently rolled by the opponent and a card was taken from Epsilon-12's hand upon manifestation in Jardin, Colombia. The opponent also traded resources for a "Development Card". Opponent possibly leads 5 Victory Points to 3.

*1/7/2021:* Epsilon-12 handwrote a note asking to trade one "sheep" resource card for one "stone" resource card before being returned. Upon SCP-6712's manifestation in Amsterdam, Netherlands, the cards were traded from Epsilon-12's hand.

*3/7/2021:* Researcher ███████ █████ took a resource card from the opponent's hand much to the dismay of his colleagues, in which he responded with offense. When SCP-6712 was returned, Researcher █████'s skull spontaneously exploded, terminating him. SCP-6712 manifested a few hours later in Site-01 with only one road piece placed and a handwritten note reading:

> Please don't do that. :(

The stolen card was immediately placed back in the opponent's hand, and Epsilon-12's turn was passed as a gesture of goodwill. SCP-6712 has yet to remanifest.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6711](SCP-6711) | SCP-6712 | [SCP-6713](SCP-6713) >>

=====

=====
