**Item #:** SCP-6986

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6986 has been retrieved from its original location and replaced with a similar non-anomalous tombstone, and is currently being kept in a standard safe object item locker at Site-81. Any individuals in the area who report unusual feelings consistent with SCP-6986's anomalous effects are to be amnesticized.

A single Foundation agent has been stationed at the Chaplin Cemetery to monitor SCP-6986's original location during SCP-6986-1 events. Any civilians who witness SCP-6986-1 events are to be amnesticized.

**Description:** SCP-6986 is a granite tombstone originally found in the Chaplin Cemetery in Alexandria, Indiana. The inscription on SCP-6986 is transcribed below:

> = Simon Poole

>

> = 1955 - 2003

>

> = Loving father, caring husband, brilliant magician. Remembered fondly.

SCP-6986 exhibits mild mnestic properties. Individuals who read and comprehend the inscription on the object will vividly remember both it and the surrounding environment. They will also associate feelings of admiration and respect with the name "Simon Poole," and speak as if they are familiar with the individual in question. These effects are resistant to mild amnestic treatment, though stronger treatments have been successful in eliminating most memories and associations.

Chaplin Cemetery records indicate that an individual named Simon Poole was buried there, with SCP-6986 as the tombstone. It is not known when or how SCP-6986 became anomalous. According to Indiana public records, Poole lived in Alexandria at several points in his life, was employed as a party magician for various businesses, and had a wife and a son born in 1994. Poole's wife died in 1998, and his son is still alive. The whereabouts of Poole's son are currently unknown, and his wife is buried next to him in Chaplin Cemetery. Her tombstone is non-anomalous.

SCP-6986-1 is a phenomenon affecting the area in Chaplin Cemetery where SCP-6986 was originally located. Every Friday at 15:34 local time, a flower will spontaneously manifest at SCP-6986's original location. The species of flower varies, but all have been flowers commonly associated with love and affection. The flowers are non-anomalous, and can be safely removed from the original location of SCP-6986 after manifestation.

Approximately 30% of flowers manifested in SCP-6986-1 events have manifested alongside a paper letter. The letters vary in content, but all are non-anomalous. A transcription of a letter recovered after an SCP-6986-1 event is provided below:

> I've been doing good recently. Met some new people, thinking about going back to school. Gonna try to come visit you soon.

> 

> I hope you're proud of me. I miss you.

> 

> -Michael

<< [SCP-6985](SCP-6985) | SCP-6986 | [SCP-6987](SCP-6987) >>
