= **SCP-6433** by 

**[LORDXVNV](LORDXVNV)'s Author Page**

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6433 is kept in a standard object storage locker in Area-150. The interior of SCP-6433 is stocked with no more than two Foundation standard-issue stationary pads and soft-tip pens.

No personnel with a personal or family history of depressive mental illness or suicidal ideation are permitted to access SCP-6433. 

---

**Description:** SCP-6433 is a snow globe that contains a sandy island in the middle of a frozen ocean. There is a single coconut tree, currently bearing fruit, and a thatched hut upon the island. Both are covered with a thin surface of snow. Snow does not appear to be falling in SCP-6433 when viewed from the outside.

A human subject may enter SCP-6433 upon skin contact with its surface. The subject appears upon an ice floe within the frozen ocean, from which there is a clear path to the island. The current interior of the thatched hut is a study containing a Foundation standard-issue desk and office chair. No additional comforts are included.

From within, a perceptual effect obscures the exterior of the snow globe, creating the illusion of an infinite frozen ocean. Subjects are capable of leaving SCP-6433 by touching the interior surface of the snow globe. The illusion does not interfere with this. There is no compulsion to stay.

Human subjects within SCP-6433 feel no sensations of bodily discomfort, including those of thirst, hunger, or temperature sensitivity. For every second that passes in baseline reality, subjects perceive 1000 seconds and physically age 100 seconds.

All sound is muffled.

---

**Discovery:** SCP-6433 was recovered from the personal effects of lawyer and crime novelist Spencer Gerald Hawking following his 1995 disappearance. Hawking was known for publishing, on average, 50 books a year from 1983-1994 while practicing law full-time. His novels were widely considered formulaic crime thrillers. His work in the years leading up to his disappearance incorporated increasingly literary elements but suffered from worsening sales figures and critical reviews.

Initial testing of SCP-6433 recovered the mummified corpse of Hawking, carbon dated to have experienced almost 500 years. Additionally, the hut was filled by over 3 million pages of loose-leaf paper covered with handwritten text, roughly organized into manuscripts.

A preliminary examination of the manuscripts revealed significantly more experimental, personal, and avant-garde writing and storytelling than Hawking's published work. The manuscripts were otherwise non-anomalous. They were incinerated accordingly.

<< [SCP-6432](SCP-6432) | SCP-6433 | [SCP-6434](SCP-6434) >>

=====

> **Filename:**snowglobeout.jpg

> **Name:** Sea Ice in the Chukchi Sea

> **Author:** NASA Goddard

> **License:** CC 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/24662369@N07/7348953402

> **Additional Notes:** Cropped by LORDXVNV

=====
