= **SCP-6827** - THE  HAPPY HUG MONKEY by 

---

**[More by this author](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/synthpanda)**

#### NOTICE FROM THE CONTAINMENT COMMITTEE REVIEW BOARD

This article has recently undergone major changes. A copy of the Classification and Special Containment Procedures as they were before 12/18/2021 can be found bellow:

<details>
<summary>+ Show Archived SCP-6827 Classification and Containment Procedures.</summary>

**Item #:** SCP-6827

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All known instances of SCP-6827-A are kept within a standard air-tight safe located within Site-118. Foundation web crawlers are to search for mentions of SCP-6827 activity. Any of such activity must be reported to the current project head Dr. David Finn. All tests involving SCP-6827 or an SCP-6827-A instance, as well as any actions that may result in an individual viewing an instance of SCP-6827-A, must be approved by Dr. Finn.

Efforts to locate the creator or creators of SCP-6827-A and to permanently contain SCP-6827 are ongoing.

</details>

**Special Containment Procedures:** Research into the manufacturing and low-scale re-production of SCP-6827-A is ongoing. Any Foundation staff may request an instance of SCP-6827-A be sent to any member of Foundation personnel, including D-Class and sentient anomalies contained by the Foundation. Dr. Celine Bocelli, a member of the Ethics Committee and current project head of SCP-6827, is to review all requests for SCP-6827-A distribution.

**Description:** SCP-6827 is a cognitohazardous entity which mainfests as a black furred Lar Gibbon*Hylobates Lar* wearing a blue cardboard cone on its head, with "สุขสันต์วันเกิด"Happy Birthday" in Thai" written on it in gold foil lettering. SCP-6827's only notable physical difference from non-anomalous Lar Gibbons is its arms, which are approximately two times the size of a baseline Gibbon's, however it exhibits a plethora of anomalous abilities which further separate it from its non-anomalous counterparts.

SCP-6827 is intrinsically linked to SCP-6827-A, a series of cards produced by Hallmark Manufacturing Company, featuring a cartoon ape-like creature The depicted creature resembles a Chimpanzee rather than a Gibbon, and has a mainly purple coloration. apparently called the "Happy Hug Monkey". The text on the cover of SCP-6827-A reads "THE HAPPY HUG MONKEY IS ON ITS WAY" with "DO NOT RESIST THE HAPPY HUG MONKEY" on the inside of the card. The card is from a series that is not anomalous in nature, and does not appear to have any physical differences to their non-anomalous counterparts. The Foundation has secured over 210 instances of SCP-6827-A.

When any sentient individual reads SCP-6827-A, SCP-6827 will typically manifest within their line of sight. SCP-6827 will approach the individual at a speed of approximately 0.9 meters per second. SCP-6827 seems to have an innate sense of where the sentient individual is, and cannot be damaged or impeded by any known means, although it does appear to be affected by gravity. if the subject which views SCP-6827-A attempts to escape, SCP-6827-A is capable of de-manifesting and manifesting closer to its target when unobserved. Upon arriving at its target, SCP-6827 will wrap it arms around the effected individual, giving it a hug lasting anywhere from five seconds to six minutes. Those who interact with SCP-6827 have universally described the experience as pleasant. After this interaction, SCP-6827 will de-manifest, until another individual views an instance of SCP-6827-A.

**Addendum 6827.1:** Discovery

 All known instances of SCP-6827-A were discovered within the Big C Supercenter located in Bangkok, Thailand, which had been shut down due to reports of a gibbon exhibiting unusual behavior. Local law enforcement was not equipped to handle, much less understand the situation, and the Foundation was quickly alerted to the incident. Foundation agents were sent in to handle the situation, and quickly determined SCP-6827-A to be the source of the anomaly. All 210 instances were confiscated and returned to site-108.

Managers of the store reportedly had no recollection of ordering the cards, nor did store records indicate when and where the cards were obtained from. Hallmark Manufacturing Company was not distributing the series of cards within Thailand.

**Addendum 6827.2:** Test Log

| **SCP-6827 EXPERIMENT LOG** |
| --- |
| **TEST #** | **DESCRIPTION** | **RESULTS** |
| 6827-3 | D-14335 and D-14336 are placed in adjacent cells, and both shown instances of SCP-6827-A. Test is to determine how SCP-6827 will react when two subjects view SCP-6827-A simultaneously. | SCP-6827 appeared within D-14336's cell, and gave D-14336 a hug that lasted seven seconds. SCP-6827 then immediately de-manifested and re-manifested within D-14335's cell, and gave the Class-D subject a hug. Further testing confirms that SCP-6827 is incapable of being in two places at once. |
| 6827-7 | An agent in a large field observed an SCP-6827-A instance, and upon SCP-6827's appearance, immediately boarded a helicopter, all areas of which were being observed by Foundation staff. | SCP-6827 was waiting for the helicopter at its designated landing spot. After the helicopter landed, SCP-6827 climbed aboard and gave the agent which had viewed SCP-6827 a hug lasting two minutes and forty-five seconds. Test suggests some level of sentience and problem-solving capabilities on the part of SCP-6827, however this is so far, unconfirmed. |
| 6827-26 | [SCP-3355](SCP-3355) views an instance of SCP-6827-A. | SCP-6827 manifests within SCP-3355's containment chamber. It attempts to give SCP-3355 a hug, although its arms are not nearly long enough to wrap around the entirety of the computer. SCP-3355 expressed pleasure and gratitude towards Foundation staff after the interaction. |
**Addendum 6827.3:** Re-designation.

To: O5 Council, Dr. Bocelli

From: Dr. Finn

Subject: SCP-6827

---

Esteemed members of the Containment Review Board,

For the past six months, Dr. Bocelli and I have been running a small scale project in order to determine the efficacy of SCP-6827 in assisting with Foundation morale, and thus, Foundation containment methods.  We have allowed staff to request the use of SCP-6827-A on any individual within Site-45, Site-72, and Site-108, including D-Class and sentient SCPs.

This program has been an unequivocal success.  The sites where this was implemented have seen an 82% increase in morale, and more importantly, a 37% increase in productivity. D-class cooperation in all sites was at an all time high within these sites, and many hostile SCPs showed a noted improvement in trust in and cooperation with Foundation personnel.

I am formally requesting that SCP-6827 be unclassified to all Foundation staff, and re-designated as a Thaumiel level object. Future research into SCP-6827 should be focused on the reproduction of SCP-6827-A, as well as further uses of SCP-6827 as a way to improve current containment methods. I also strongly suggest that leadership of SCP-6827 be transferred to Dr. Bocelli as I believe she will be able to produce the results we seek more effectively than myself.

We are not monsters. Let's use this opportunity to remind everyone under our protection of that.

Thank you for your consideration

- Dr. David Finn

| **CONTAINMENT COMMITTEE REVIEW BOARD - SCP-6827 LOG** |
| --- |
| **DATE** | **SUBJECT** | **VOTE** |
| 02/21/2021 | SCP-6827 initial draft review | (4) Accept (0) Deny |
| 12/16/2021 | SCP-6827 proposed re-designation to Thaumiel | (7) Revise (1) Maintain |

<< [SCP-6826](SCP-6826) | SCP-6827 | [SCP-6828](SCP-6828) >>
