.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

**[More by this Author](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-dafydd-s-personnel-file) | ⚠️ Content warning: This article contains sensitive topics, including physical abuse, emotional abuse and humiliation. Reader discretion is advised.**

**Item #:** SCP-6879

**Object Class:** ~~Keter~~ Euclid

**Threat Level:** ~~● Yellow~~ ~~● Green~~ ● Blue

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6879 is to be contained at Site-228 in a customized humanoid containment cell, fitted with an air filtration system. All staff who enter the subject's quarters must wear disposable gloves, safety goggles and mask. Physical contact with SCP-6879 must remain limited and avoided if possible. When staff exit the containment area all equipment and clothing worn/used must be removed and either washed or disposed of.

SCP-6879 is to be fitted with a catheter and rectal tube, which is to be changed every 12 hours. All feeding and hydration must be provided through an IV drip. The concentration of SCP-6879-A present around SCP-6879 is to be monitored. Recitation items and standard humanoid furnishings are not to be provided until improvements in SCP-6879-A containment and disposal can be found.

All deposits of SCP-6879-A that are produced from SCP-6879 should be neutralized. Testing should not be conducted on SCP-6879-A unless approved by the site director. Should any suspected instances involving SCP-6879-A be discovered outside of containment, they must be reported to MTF Beta-7 ("Maz Hatters") and Tau-51 ("Urban Brawl") who must be immediately dispatched to secure the instance. In the event SCP-6879-A has already been consumed, Rho-6 ("Deifecators") can be dispatched if required.

---

**Description:** SCP-6879 is the designation for a male humanoid of Ashkenazi Jewish descent, measuring 1.8m in height and weighing 90kg and appearing in their late twenties. Several scars cover portions of the subject's body, specifically the abdomen, upper arms, hips, crown and nape of the head. A faded tattoo reading "Mr. Kaboom, from Little Misters ® by Dr. Wondertainment" is located on the front of SCP-6879’s right shoulder. The only notable feature the subject exhibits outside of these markings is heterochromia iridum, possessing one blue eye and one pink eye.

SCP-6879's body is capable of secreting seemingly limitless amounts of various chemical substances from any orifice or pore on their body. Although SCP-6879 is easily able to secrete substances in liquid or gaseous form, they struggle to produce solids and have only managed to successfully produce them via ██████████. Corrosive, irritating, poisonous or highly reactive substances do not appear to affect SCP-6879's body, whether they originated from SCP-6879 themselves or from an outside source. Testing has found that this isn't due to SCP-6879 possessing a natural immunity to said substance, but rather when interact with them, SCP-6879's body will counteract the chemicals by secreting substances that will negate or otherwise remedy the said effects. It is currently unknown whether SCP-6879 has control of this reaction. 

SCP-6879-A is the group designation for a paranarcotics, referred to as "Pinkie" by those who supplied and used them. In all recovered instances, SCP-6879-A has only been found in capsule form in various shades of pink. SCP-6879-A is composed of various chemical compounds, with experimentation and analysis only able to identify 76% of them.

History and testing proved that SCP-6879-A is highly addictive and when ingested by ~~humans~~  animals, SCP-6879-A causes various effects, both anomalous and non-anomalous. Evidence suggested that the effects are related to the consumer's desired 'high'. Effects ranged from abdominal cell growth, partial transformation, levitation, short-range translocation and temporary short-range reality warping. Continuous consumption of SCP-6879-A results in consumers' development of pink skin rash, similar to urticaria, damaged nerve cells and [REDACTED]. In liquid or gaseous form, SCP-6879-A can be absorbed by the skin and can act as a vesicant in high concentrations. The effects when absorbed through the skin are identical to consumption. There have been no recorded recoveries of SCP-6879-A addiction and all known consumers of SCP-6879-A have expired.

Disposal of SCP-6879-A is incredibly difficult, as it is very unreactive and stains easily. The only known way of disposing of SCP-6879-A is to submerge it in a solution consisting of water, hydrochloric acid, potassium chloride and sodium chloride Matching concentrations found in stomach acid. . No means of artificially reproducing SCP-6879-A has been discovered by the Foundation, so it is assumed that SCP-6879's anomalous properties are intrinsic to producing SCP-6879-A.

---

**Discovery:** SCP-6879 came to the Foundation's attention as a result of the Foundation's investigation into SCP-6879-A. Between 1991 and 2003, the Foundation had been aware of SCP-6879-A usage as it was commonly used among the anomalous community as a recreational drug, especially in the [Free Ports](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/nexus-series#freeport ). Due to the animosity between the Foundation and the anomalous community, the Foundation were unable to investigate the production and supply of SCP-6879-A properly.

This changed when, on 21/12/2003, numerous students at Deer College consumed SCP-6879-A at a Christmas party, resulting in a 500m dimensional extrusion occurring between Portland, Oregon and [FP-01](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/three-portlands-hub ) ("Three Portlands"). Tau-51 were deployed and, along with the Three Portlands Police Department, were able to close the breach. Following this incident, a temporary agreement was made between the Foundation and the FP-01's Mayor-Council, to terminate all supply of SCP-6879-A.

[[include <a href="/component:image-block">component:image-block</a> name=lighthouse.jpg|

    caption= Interior of GoI-101 ("Lighthouse Mafia") plant. Tanks contained traces of Wodin, Neo Neo Coke, [REDACTED] and SCP-6879-A|

    align=right

]]

With the help of the Mayor-Council, the Foundation were able to locate SCP-6879-A's manufacturing plant in Jaghatu, Afghanistan. On 02/01/2004, a team comprised of members of Beta-7 and Tau-51 raided the plant. The plant was found to be empty although analysis indicated that numerous Rosen-Fortune Bridges More commonly known among the anomalous community as 'Ways'.  had been opened a few hours earlier. Items and documents recovered at the plant indicated that it was used by GoI-101 ("Lighthouse Mafia") Before this event, it was believed GoI-101 only traded in paratech. However, recent activity has shown they have branched into trading paranarcotics and other anomalous chemicals. See attached UIU report for further details: [2003-112](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/uiu-file-2003-112 )  base of production.

In the basement of the plant, numerous tanks were discovered containing a variety of paranarcotics, including SCP-6879-A, although the tanks containing SCP-6879-A were connected to a single sealed vat in an adjacent room. Surgical equipment and bloodstains were found nearby. Upon opening and draining the contents of the vat, members of Beta-7 discovered SCP-6879, chained to the bottom with tubes feeding into their body, where they were recovered and taken for immediate medical assessment and potential questioning. Attached is SCP-6879's initial medical assessment:

<details>
<summary>▷ Medical Assessment</summary>

= **MEDICAL ASSESSMENT (MA-6879-01)**

---

**SUBJECT:** ##red|SCP-6879-A## Before the discovery that SCP-6879 was the source of SCP-6879-A, SCP-6879 was referred to as SCP-6879-A and vice versa. Mistakes are highlighted.

**DATE OF OCCURRENCE:** 02/01/2004

**LOCATION:** ███████████, Jaghatu, Afghanistan.

**MEDICAL OFFICER** Dr. Steffano González, Level 3 Medical Department

---

The subject arrived severely malnourished (BMI 17). Weighing a total of 55kg, measured at 180cm. Subject suffered progressive alopecia. Remaining hair showed pink pigment. The skin was coated in equally pink welts, featuring universally present scar tissue, indicating the subject had recently undergone several surgical procedures. Their jaw and throat showed swelling and minor internal bleeding, likely due to a dental vacuum found in the subject's mouth. Teeth were damaged and undermaintained however gums showed no inflammation.

The subject showed an impaired motor control, visceral motor control over lower intestine and detrusor. NCS confirmed the subject's pelvic, pudendal and femoral nerves had undergone individual lesions at post-synaptic locale.

The subject appears to be continually producing SCP-6879 from their pores and orifices. Analysis has also found high concentrations of SCP-6879 in the subject's urine and stools. It is essential that the subject must be examined with the appropriate PPE equipment.

The subject was incredibly distressed upon recovery and showed fear to all personnel who approached them, especially those dressed in standard medical uniforms. To ease examination and transportation, the subject was sedated with 1.5mg propofol IV.

---

Forward: ##red|SCP-6879-A## was taken to Site-228 to receive nutrition, further physical examination and possible treatment.

</details>

---

**Addendum 6879.1: Interviews**

After it was confirmed that SCP-6879's containment was stable and secure, attempts were made to interview SCP-6879 about their time in the plant and GoI-101. However, SCP-6879 remained distressed and uncompliant, claiming they "wouldn't tell" and "they'll hurt me". They also repeatedly claimed they "wanted their dad" or "mum". In hopes of retrieving any information, the site manager requested the assistance of Site-12's psychotherapist, Dr. Zachary Dafydd.

The following transcripts are interviews with SCP-6879:

<details>
<summary>▷ Transcript 6879-1</summary>

**Date:** 13/01/2004

**Interviewer:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

---

**Forward:** Interview was conducted in SCP-6879's containment chamber, with SCP-6879 set up in their bed. To help put SCP-6879 at ease, SCP-6879 was referred to by their name, Mr. Kaboom.

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. Dafydd:** Hello there, Mr. Kaboom.

**SCP-6879:** *(begins hyperventilating)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** It's alright, Mr. Kaboom. I'm not going to hurt you.

(Dr. Dafydd takes a seat near SCP-6879's bed and places his hands on his lap.)

**Dr. Dafydd:** See. It's OK. You're safe here. I promise you.

**SCP-6879:** *(breathing slows)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Now, are you comfortable? You don't have to say anything. Just nod or shake your head.

**SCP-6879:** *(nods head slightly)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** So, my name is Zachary Dafydd, but people call me Zac. I work for an organisation called the SCP Foundation. My job - our job - is to try and find out as much about you and what you can do so that we can make sure you can comfortably stay here. We don't want to hurt you. We just want some information. Is that OK?

**SCP-6879:** *(remains silent)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Can you tell me what you remember about the tank?

**SCP-6879:** *(remains silent)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** OK, what about the people who put you there? Did they do this to you?

**SCP-6879:** *(breathing accelerates)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** I know you probably don't want to talk about it, but I can't help you if you -

**SCP-6879:** *(whispers)* Cu - cutting.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Cutting? Like surgery? Like doctors?

**SCP-6879:** *(breathing accelerates, nods)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Can you tell me what they did?

**SCP-6879:** *(gasping, whispers)* They - take me.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Out of the tank?

**SCP-6879:** *(gasping, whispers)* Take me to a room. There - there were bright lights and mach - machines.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Big machines? Wires? Computers?

**SCP-6879:** *(gasping, whispers)* Like - like pumps.

**Dr. Dafydd:** What happened in the room with lights?

**SCP-6879:** *(starts crying)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** We can stop. I can come back if -

**SCP-6879:** *(hyperventilates)* They - they'd str - strap me too -

*(Concentration of SCP-6879-A secreted from SCP-6879 begins to increase.)*

**SCP-6879:** *(hyperventilates)* They put something in - my mouth and then - tu - turn on the machine. Then the liquid would -

**Dr. Dafydd:** Kaboom, stop. We're going to do this later. Stop -

**SCP-6879:** *(hyperventilates)* They'd get the knives and - and - I'm sorry dad -

*(SCP-6879 suddenly vomits a large quantity of SCP-6879-A and starts fitting. Security officers call for medical assistance. 10 seconds later, medical staff run in to remove Dr. Dafydd and resuscitate SCP-6879.)*

**<END LOG>**

**Date:** 15/01/2004

**Interviewer:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

---

**Forward:** Due to increased concentration of SCP-6879-A secretion, Dr. Dafydd had to wear full hazmat gear during the interview. SCP-6879 was seated in a medical recliner.

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. Dafydd:** Hi, Kaboom. Remember me?

**SCP-6879:** *(weakly)* Za - Zachary.

**Dr. Dafydd:** That's right. Really, Kaboom, you gave me a scare the last time we met.

**SCP-6879:** I'm sorry.

**Dr. Dafydd:** That's alright. It wasn't your fault.

*(Dr. Dafydd takes a seat opposite SCP-6879.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Now, where was I? Mr. Kaboom, the last time we spoke, you said 'dad'. My colleagues claim you say that a lot, even in your sleep. Can you tell me about your father?

**SCP-6879:** *(remains silent and looks away)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** We've noticed your tattoo on your chest. We can put two and two together. Is your 'dad' Dr. Wondertainment?

**SCP-6879:** Not really but -

*(SCP-6879 strains their face in pain.)*

**SCP-6879:** *(quietly)* He'll be so upset.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Why would he be upset?

**SCP-6879:** I was running la - late. I should have been home, but the - the children wanted pictures and the teachers insisted I - I stay for a bit. I wanted to go but - the children. That's what the doctor wanted.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Children? Were you intended for children?

**SCP-6879:** Sorry?

**Dr. Dafydd:** You said, children. Teachers to. Did you do something for schools?

**SCP-6879:** Not initially.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did you teach? What did you teach?

**SCP-6879:** Che - chemistry mostly. I'd give - give live-action demo - demonstrations of chemical reactions. I'd try to keep it to the cu - cu - curriculum but the children really - *(dry-heaves and coughs)* - excuse me - *(coughs)* -  really liked the bright, colourful explosions and stuff.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did Dr. Wondertainment give you equipment?

**SCP-6879:** Only the lab coat and goggles. The chemicals, I made on the - sp - sp - spot.

**Dr. Dafydd:** You made the chemicals? How?

**SCP-6879:** From my body.

**Dr. Dafydd:** You could make other things? Besides SC - 'Pinkie'?

**SCP-6879:** (*nods*)

**Dr. Dafydd:** OK, noted. So, you worked as - what - science performer?

**SCP-6879:** I suppose.

*(SCP-6879 looks down at his hands then looks away.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did you not like it?

**SCP-6879:** I didn't want - to - to disappoint him again so I - I agreed to keep going.

*(Pause.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** How did the Mafia find you?

*(SCP-6879 bits their lips and shakes their head.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** I can't help if you don't talk to me.

**SCP-6879:** *(sighs)* I'd just done - done a show. I can't re - reme - member where. There - there was snow. I was - was - *(coughs)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Running late because of the children, yes.

**SCP-6879:** As I left - a van pulled up. These men - they - they surrounded me. They tied me up and - and then they -

*(SCP-6879 faces Dr. Dafydd. Their nose is secreting a large quantity of SCP-6879-A)*

**SCP-6879:** I wasn't - I wasn't - I didn't mean to be late - I - I -

*(SCP-6879 bends over and clenches their stomach and head.)*

**SCP-6879:** Oh, my head!

**Dr. Dafydd:** Kaboom?

*(Dr. Dafydd approaches SCP-6879 and helps them lean back in their chair. Video footage shows the scar on the nap of SCP-6879's head is faintly glowing. Dr. Dafydd claimed that he hadn't spotted this during the interview.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** I think we'll leave it at that. Try and get some rest Kaboom.

**<END LOG>**

---

**Afterword:** Investigations began into SCP-6879's claims of their time working as an educational performer. Devices were fitted to SCP-6879's chamber to measure changes in SCP-6879-A's concentration.

**Date:** 23/01/2004

**Interviewer:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

---

**Forward:** SCP-6879-A atmospheric concentration had increased by 5% in the past week, with the current concentration being around 18%. As a result, SCP-6879's containment chamber has taken on a slight pink haze.

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. Dafydd:** Morning Mr. Kaboom. I was told by the guards you've been having some rough nights for the past week.

*(SCP-6879 remains silent.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Do you think we could talk a bit about your work with Dr. Wondertainment?

*(SCP-6879 remains silent.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr. Kaboom?

*(SCP-6879 remains silent.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr. Kaboom?

**SCP-6879:** *(whispers)* Go away.

**Dr. Dafydd:** What is it?

**SCP-6879:** *(tears up)* Go away. Please.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Are you hurt? What's the matter?

**SCP-6879:** I - I've had an accident.

*(Dr. Dafydd approaches SCP-6879 and looks at the space between them and the chair.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Oh, man.

*(SCP-6879 begins crying. Dr. Dafydd alerts security for assistance.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(holds out hand)* Come on. Let's get you cleaned up.

*(Dr. Dafydd picks SCP-6879 up and lifts them onto their bed. In the chair, a collection of faeces can be seen in the seat. The rectal tube is seen ripped in its centre. Dr. Dafydd is seen comforting SCP-6879 until medical assistance arrives.)*

**<END LOG>**

---

**Afterword:** SCP-6879 containment specialists were reprimanded for not spotting issues in SCP-6879's containment earlier. Updates were made to SCP-6879 containment. SCP-6879-A atmospheric concentration had once again increased, now around 24%.

**Date:** 05/02/2004

**Interviewer:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

**Other Attendants:** Dr. Steffano González, Level 3 Medical Department; Dental Assistant Luke Hamilton, Level 2 Department of Oral Hygiene

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. González:** I don't understand, Zach. I assessed it when it first arrive. Why do I need to do it again?

**Dr. Dafydd:** Because I've got a theory, but I need some evidence first. And it's 'them', not 'it'.

**Dr. González:** Ha, you really are one of Huxtable's lot.

**Hamilton:** Guys, can we get on with the task at hand? I've got six patients back at 17 who need a full check-up so -

**Dr. Dafydd:** Fine, fine.

*(The three enter SCP-6879's containment chamber. SCP-6879 is lying on their bed.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Kaboom, it's me, Dr. Dafydd.

**SCP-6879:** *(looks fearfully at Dr. González and Hamilton)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Relax, relax. They're with me. *(points at Dr. González)* This is Dr. González. He was the one who helped you when you were first found.

**Dr. González:** *(nods)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** (gestures at Hamilton) And this is Luke Hamilton. He's a dentist. Kind of.

**Hamilton:** [REDACTED]

**Dr. Dafydd:** I've asked these two to help me get some answers which may be able to help us understand what's happened to you and if we can do something about it. Now, Dr. González is going to inspect your body and scars and Hamilton is going to have a quick look at your teeth -

**SCP-6879:** *(begins to hyperventilate)* I -

**Dr. Dafydd:** This won't take long. I'm going to be here, OK. OK?

**SCP-6879:** *(breaths slowly for a few seconds before nodding)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(nods towards Dr. González)*

*(Dr. González approaches SCP-6879 and inspects their legs, stomach and the scars on their body for a few minutes.)*

**Dr. González:** Could you lean forward for me?

*(Dr. González inspects the scars on the back of SCP-6879's head. After a minute he returns SCP-6879 to their original position. Hamilton then walks forward and takes out a dental mirror.)*

**Hamilton:** Hello there. SCP-6879, could you open your mouth for me, please?

**SCP-6879:** SCP?

**Dr. Dafydd:** He means you, Mr. Kaboom.

**Hamilton:** Sorry, Mr. Kaboom, could you open your mouth nice and wide for me?

*(SCP-6879 opens their mouth and Hamilton inspects their teeth. After a few minutes, he finishes.)*

**Hamilton:** You can close your mouth now.

*(SCP-6879 closes their mouth.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Kaboom, I'm going to step outside to talk with my colleagues. I'll be back in an hour to speak with you. Alright?

**SCP-6879:** *(nods)*

*(The three exit SCP-6879's containment chamber.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** So?

**Dr. González:** Scars are healing at a natural rate. Their legs are still in bad shape. Hair is still a mess. All in all not much has changed.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Hamilton?

**Hamilton:** Their teeth are fine. There is a build-up of that pink stuff around the tonsils and tongue. I think that's going to be a problem in the future.

**Dr. Dafydd:** As I thought. OK, Steff, how much do you know about Prometheus's engineering?

**Dr. González:** Only what I've seen from the Ports when I worked with UIU and only the medical stuff. Good stuff. Bit temperamental and clunky but -

**Dr. Dafydd:** SCP-6879's scars. Is there something about them that's unusual?

**Dr. González:** Not really. Actually - they are a bit haphazard in spots, especially on the stomach and hips. Plus there is some timing difference between some of the scars. I can't say how much but enough that I could spot it. A months difference I'd think.

**Dr. Dafydd:** So those areas have repeatedly had the same surgical attention?

**Dr. González:** That's a good guess.

**Dr. Dafydd:** OK, good. Things are starting to make sense.

**Hamilton:** Care to share your conclusions?

**Dr. Dafydd:** I'm theorising that whatever the Mafia did to 6879 wasn't permanent. I think they probably got hold of dash-A's formula from MC&D after Lab's liquidation and used 6879 as a means of making it. But, if I remember correctly, the Mafia aren't the most assiduous scientists. So they have to update 6879 now and again, making sure they can continue producing dash-A.

**Dr. González:** You think Labs invented dash-A?

 **Dr. Dafydd:** Sort of. Wodin and [REDACTED] were found at the plant. We know Wodin is an adaption of one of Lab's Gods' Eyes, so Lab's is somehow mixed up in this. It's likely that dash-A or something similar was a Lab's formulation and the Mafia somehow managed to get 6879 to make it.

**Hamilton:** So what's this got to do with SCP-6879 and what we just did?

**Dr. Dafydd:** 6879 told me they used to be able to make other chemicals before they were altered by the Mafia. I think 6879's current condition may be reversible. If we could restore 6879's original abilities, that would take a huge weight off our resources and make 6879's containment way easier.

**Dr. González:** Hold on. If what your saying about the Mafia and dash-A is true, how come 6879 hasn't flushed it out of their system already. It's been about two months since we found them and their condition seems to be getting worse, not better.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Psychosomatic.

**Hamilton:** What?

**Dr. Dafydd:** Psychosomatic. 6879-A's increase in production is a direct result of 6879's mental and physical condition. Their surroundings, trauma, memories and stress are influencing their mind, in turn influencing their body, forcing it to continue dash-A's production. They're essentially stuck in a feedback loop. They're getting worse because they're believing they're getting worse. In a way, they've just been moved from one tank into another.

**Dr. González:** OK, so they've got 'placebo syndrome'. But, what can we actually do?

**Dr. Dafydd:** Leave that to me. I've got a few calls to make.

**<END LOG>**

</details>

---

**Addendum 6879.2: Revised Containment**

The following is a series of correspondence between Dr. Dafydd and Site-288's Site Director, Dr. Albert Cren regarding SCP-6879's containment:

<details>
<summary>▷ Excerpt from SCP-288's Email Server</summary>

**DATE:** 07/02/2004

**FROM:** Dr. Dafydd <{{z2dafydd@scp.foundation}}>

**TO:** Dr. Cren <{{bertiecren@scp.foundation}}>

**SUBJECT:** Containment of SCP-6879

---

Good Morning Sir,

I believe you're aware of the current issue we're facing with 6879. Not only has the production of SCP-6879-A increased but SCP-6879 has grown increasingly withdrawn and despondent and has started to show signs of regression. My concern is that given these factors, 6879 containment is likely to grow in difficulty as time goes on, resulting in even more Foundation time and resources being used. I am also not a fan of seeing someone in such a state, even if they are an anomaly.

With that said, I would like to propose an improvement in SCP-6879's containment. I would like 6879 to undergo nerve grafting. After this, I believe 6879 should receive physical and occupational therapy to hopeful regain independence. Steffano believes there is a good chance of it working if he performs the operation. This will be done in parallel with continuous counselling sessions with myself, where I will focus on helping 6879 adjust to their new environment and better deal with their past issues.

I believe these changes will positively influence both 6879's mental and physical health. This will shift 6879's focus as a result, motivating them and will influence them to subconsciously break the cycle of 6879-A production.

Please reply with your thoughts,

Zac

P.S. I shall make enquiries regarding GoI-101 and GoI-386"Dr. Wondertainment" if 6879's mental health improves.

**DATE:** 08/02/2004

**FROM:** Dr. Cren <{{bertiecren@scp.foundation}}>

**TO:** Dr. Dafydd <{{z2dafydd@scp.foundation}}>

**SUBJECT:** RE: Containment of SCP-6879

---

Hi Zac,

A nerve grafting is a very time-consuming and complex procedure. That sort of procedure isn't even offered to our staff, let alone an anomaly.

That being said, our resources are stretching thin and it would be beneficial to simplify 6879's containment procedures.

Zac, can you and Steffano confidently say this will work? I don't want to risk altering an anomaly's condition too much. Remember what happened with [1337](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1337 )?

Cren

</details>

On 09/02/2004, Dr. Cren and Ethics Committee Liaison Elena Clarke met with Dr. Dafydd and Dr. González to discuss 6879's containment and possible surgery. After 2 hours, Dr. Cren and Mrs. Clarke agreed to attempt the revisions, on the condition that SCP-6879 would be made aware of these changes prior to them being instigated.

The following transcript is a conversation between Dr. Dafydd, Dr. González and SCP-6879 regarding SCP-6879 surgery and treatment:

<details>
<summary>▷ Transcript 6879-2</summary>

**Date:** 11/02/2004

**Interviewers:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology; Dr. Steffano González, Level 3 Medical Department

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

---

**Forward:** SCP-6879 secretion of SCP-6879-A had increased to the point that SCP-6879 was required to wear a dental vacuum. Since this, SCP-6879 has hardly spoken.

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. Dafydd:** Hey, Mr Kaboom.

*(SCP-6879 remains silent.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Do you remember Dr. González? Steff?

*(SCP-6879 gives the two men a glance before looking away.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** I'm - I'm sorry about your mouth.

*(SCP-6879 sighs heavily.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr Kaboom. I - We've been revaluating your condition and we believe - there may be a way of stopping what's happening to you.

*(SCP-6879 slowly turns to face the men.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** But we need you to understand, that this isn't going to be easy. It will take time and hard work and it will likely be a painful recovery.

**SCP-6879:** What needs to happen?

*(Pause.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** With your permission, Dr. González will perform an operation on your legs and -

**SCP-6879:** No, no, no cutting. I don't want -

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr Kaboom, try to understand, if you -

**SCP-6879:** *(pushes table away, causing both men to fall)* No. No more. I - I don't -

*(SCP-6879 falls out of their chair, causing the dental vacuum to fall out.)*

**Dr. González:** Zac, we can't -

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(holds up a hand)*

*(Dr. Dafydd approaches SCP-6879, kneeling beside them. SCP-6879 begins secreting SCP-6879-A from their mouth.)*

**SCP-6879:** No more - no, no - dad - Doctor Wonde -

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr Kaboom, listen to me! If you don't go through with this, there is a good chance you'll get worse. It will likely reach the point where you'll have to remain trapped on your bed. Tubes covering your body. Unable to move or speak. Just like in the tank. Do you want that?

*(Dr. Dafydd takes SCP-6879's hand. SCP-6879 turns to face Dr. Dafydd.)*

**SCP-6879:** I - I can't.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Please. You can get better. You need to get better. We need you to get better. You don't deserve to be like this.

*(Both Dr. Dafydd and SCP-6879 remain on the floor for about half a minute as SCP-6879 appears to consider Dr. Dafydd's comments.)*

**SCP-6879:** Will - will you be there?

*(Dr. Dafydd looks back at Dr. González, who nods abruptly.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Yes. Of course, I will.

**<END LOG>**

</details>

On 14/02/2004, SCP-6879 underwent nerve grafting and nerve transfer, with Dr. González acting as head surgeon assisted by 3 nurses and 3 containment specialists, 2 of which were members of the Department of Chemistry. Dr. Dafydd witnessed the surgery from an observation room. Surgery was successfully completed 10 hours later, with no incidence. Following the surgery, SCP-6879 was sent to Site-228 medical ward for medical observation and postoperative care for a minimum of 4 weeks.

During this time, SCP-6879 received psychological counselling from Dr. Zachary Dafydd. As part of SCP-6879's psychiatric care, SCP-6879 was permitted to listen to music and audiobooks. Over the course of their postoperative care and their session with Dr. Dafydd, SCP-6879 began to display improvement in their mental stability. SCP-6879's physical health improved too, with SCP-6879's skin clearing of all welts, regaining control of their bowels and bladder and their hair beginning to thicken and shift to a browner pigment. SCP-6879-A's production also began to decrease, with personnel only required to wear standard PPE after 3 weeks.

The following transcript is a conversation between Dr. Dafydd and SCP-6879 regarding SCP-6879's recovery:

<details>
<summary>▷ Transcript 6879-3</summary>

**Date:** 07/03/2004

**Interviewers:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. Dafydd:** Good afternoon, Mr Kaboom.

**SCP-6879:** Hello Dr. Dafydd.

**Dr. Dafydd:** What were you listing to just now?

**SCP-6879:** *The Graveya - yard Book* by Neil Gaiman. It's about a - a boy who's raised by gh - ghosts.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Sounds like you're enjoying it.

**SCP-6879:** It's good. It's been a - a while since - I read something.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Tell me. How are you feeling?

**SCP-6879:** I - I feel - better.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Are you sure?

*(SCP-6879 waits before answering.)*

**SCP-6879:** *(nods)* Yes.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Good. Being able to recognise how you feel will help you in the long run.

*(Pause.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** I have some good news, Mr. Kaboom. According to Dr. González, your recovery has been quicker than expected. As a result, we believe you're ready to be moved to your new accommodation.

**SCP-6879:** Already?

**Dr. Dafydd:** Yes, and once you're settled in, you'll start undergoing some physical and occupational therapy. If all goes well, we expect you to be able to walk again within 5 to 6 months.

**SCP-6879:** Really?

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(nods)*

**SCP-6879:** Dr. Dafydd - excuse me -

*(SCP-6879 reaches for a bowl nearby and vomits a small amount of clear liquid.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Do you still vomit a lot?

**SCP-6879:** Not - not as much as I did - before. Only about 2 or - 3 times a day. But sometimes, I - I can make it stop. They've given me bowls too and medicine helps so I can't *kvetch*.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Kvetch?

**SCP-6879:** Complain.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Oh, OK. Anyway, as well as this therapy, we might start looking into your abilities, if they start presenting themselves. The Foundation is also interested in your time with your creator too. Do you think you could help us?

**SCP-6879:** You want to know - know about Dr. Wondertainment? Why?

**Dr. Dafydd:** You're not the only thing we have here he's created. We have lots of toys he's made.

**SCP-6879:** He sent you toys?

**Dr. Dafydd:** Yes. Quite a few actually.

*(Pause.)*

**SCP-6879:** Did they make you happy?

**Dr. Dafydd:** They - amazed us.

**SCP-6879:** Good. He was - proud of her work.

**Dr. Dafydd:** So can I ask you about him?

**SCP-6879:** OK.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Thank you, Mr Kaboom. I think we'll leave it at that for today. See you soon.

**SCP-6879:** Bye.

*(Dr. Dafydd gets up and begins walking away but turns back.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** That bowl. Can you pass it to me?

**SCP-6879:** *(points at bowl)* You want this? I've - I've just been sick in - it.

**Dr. Dafydd:** I know. Can I have it anyway?

**SCP-6879:** *(passes bowl)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Thank you.

**<END LOG>**

---

**Afterword:** Upon analysis, the contents of SCP-6879 were revealed to be a mixture of hyaluronic acid, water, acetaminophen and menthyl acetate An acetate ester that contributes to the smell and flavour of peppermint. and no trace of SCP-6879-A was found.

</details>

On 13/03/2004, SCP-6879 was moved to a standard humanoid containment chamber, fitted with disability aids as SCP-6879 still required a wheelchair for mobility. SCP-6879-A was still being secreted by SCP-6879 but only via their waste (~5% trace) and their hands (~3% trace). Due to this, SCP-6879's chamber's plumbing was closed off from the rest of the site's system and SCP-6879 was required to wear gloves while handling objects until further notice.

<details>
<summary>▷ Updated Containment Procedures (13/03/2004)</summary>

> SCP-6879 is to receive physical and occupational therapy sessions from Dr. Emese Horváth to improve their physical capabilities and health. They are also required to undergo weekly psychological counselling with therapist Dr. Zachary Dafydd with the goal of improving SCP-6879's emotional health and mental capabilities. SCP-6879's containment chamber is to be monitored for the concentration of SCP-6879-A produced and is to be cleaned every three weeks.

</details>

On 16/03/2004, SCP-6879 began their therapy with Dr. Horváth with the intention of returning SCP-6879's ability to walk and increasing their overall dexterity and mobility. Sessions are to be 2 hours long and are to occur daily. During the first few sessions, SCP-6879 complained of pain. However, these pains appeared to vanish after a few days.

On 17/04/2004, as part of SCP-6879's occupational therapy, SCP-6879 was granted access to Site-228 humanoid recreational centre, focusing on activities that would improve their motor skills and hand-eye coordination. This has also been done to identify SCP-6879's cognitive capabilities and skillset. Below is a evaluation of SCP-6879's psychological profile:

<details>
<summary>▷ Psychological Assessment</summary>

= **PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSESSMENT (PA-6879-01)**

---

**SUBJECT:** SCP-6879

**DATE OF OCCURRENCE:** 19/04/2004

**LOCATION:** Site-228, Pécs, Hungary

**PSYCHOLOGICAL OFFICER** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

---

At face value, SCP-6879 is no different from any non-anomalous human. However, it has been determined that SCP-6879 still suffers from a form of PTSD. Topics involving the Lighthouse Mafia and  SCP-6879-A cause SCP-6879 severe discomfort and increases SCP-6879-A production. SCP-6879 also shows signs of sociotropic tendencies, perfectionism, low self-esteem and a strong desire to 'do better'. They also appear to engage in thumb sucking when alone. These issues and patterns are to be monitored and addressed if needed.

Through observation and tests, it's been determined that SCP-6879 shows an above-average intelligence and memory capacity, being able to perform and understand given tasks at remarkable speeds. Their most noticeable traits, however, are their dexterity and crafting skills. SCP-6879 has shown a variety of handicraft capabilities, showing intermediate knowledge in sewing, marquetry, dyeing, carpentry, metalworking and technical drawing. They've also shown, unsurprisingly, intermediate knowledge of chemistry. It has also been discovered that SCP-6879 has some understanding of other languages, including Russian, Yiddish and German, although only phrases and greetings. How SCP-6879 has accumulated these skills is yet to be determined.

It should be noted, that SCP-6879's characteristics are rather unusual compared to other SCPs under the 'Misters' title.

</details>

On 10/05/2004, secretion of SCP-6879-A from SCP-6879 stopped altogether with no traces found in SCP-6879 waste. As a result of SCP-6879-A's cease of production and with no new reports of its usage in 3 months, it was considered neutralised. SCP-6879 was reclassified as Euclid and their threat level was reclassified to ● Green.

On 26/05/2004, 4 months earlier than expected, SCP-6879 regained their ability to walk, although still required the use of a walking aid. A medical examination concluded that SCP-6879's physical health was now comparable to that of an average human. As a result, SCP-6879's physical and occupational therapy sessions were put to an end and deemed successful, although suspicion was raised over SCP-6879's quick recovery. Additionally, SCP-6879 requested if they could continue sewing as a recreational activity. This request was approved by Site Director, although only for a limited time per week and with continued signs of good behaviour.

<details>
<summary>▷ Updated Containment Procedures (27/05/2004)</summary>

> SCP-6879 has been moved to a standard humanoid containment chamber fitted with air filtration and sprinkler system, complete with standard furnishings. When outside their chambers, SCP-6879 must wear disposable gloves to prevent their unintentional secretions from staining or reacting with surrounding materials. Entertainment materials are to be provided upon request and access to Site-228's recreational centre is to be allowed bi-weekly for a maximum of 2 hours.

> @@ @@

> Testing of SCP-6879's abilities is permitted. SCP-6879 is allowed to use their anomalous abilities for testing purposes and within their chambers so long as the resulting effect to not infringe its containment procedure. Any attempt to use their abilities outside of this condition will result in disciplinary actions.

> @@ @@

> As a result of improvements in SCP-6879's mental and physical health, SCP-6879-A is no longer in production. Since no reported usage of SCP-6879-A has been discovered in the past 3 months and only samples exist within Foundation custody, SCP-6879-A has been considered neutralized.

> @@ @@

> SCP-6879 is to continue their weekly psychological counselling with therapist Dr. Zachary Dafydd.

</details>

---

**Addendum 6879.3: Relations and History with GoI-386 ("Dr. Wondertainment")**

In parallel to testing, SCP-6879 continued receiving psychological counselling with Dr. Zachary Dafydd. Dr. Dafydd was also asked to assist in the Foundation investigation into GoI-386 by interviewing SCP-6879 about their time and work-life with Dr. Wondertainment. The following transcripts are interviews with SCP-6879:

<details>
<summary>▷ Transcript 6879-4</summary>

**Date:** 20/06/2004

**Interviewers:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

---

**Foreword:** SCP-6879 had shown improvement in their mental health since their recovery. Their skills in tailoring, sewing and dressmaking had also escalated, with SCP-6879 skills in the craft being comparable to that of a trained tailor.

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. Dafydd:** Good Morning, Mr Kaboom.

**SCP-6879:** Hello Dr. Dafydd.

**Dr. Dafydd:** How have you been?

**SCP-6879:** Good.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Still doing your exercises?

**SCP-6879:** Every day.

**Dr. Dafydd:** How're your skills with the needle and thread coming along?

**SCP-6879:** Oh, you should see what I've made with those denim scraps. Yesterday, they gave me some new patterns and one of them is a jumpsuit. I've got the perfect fabric to work on it.

**Dr. Dafydd:** That sounds exciting. You should show me next time. So you've started testing with Dr. Pirrie. How are you finding them? Easy? Difficult?

**SCP-6879:** I guess it was hard to start with. I hadn't used my 'wonder' properly in such a long time but after the doctor got me to focus on the stuff I remembered, it all came back. I remembered how easy it was. Now I can do it whenever I want.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Sorry, 'wonder'. What do you mean?

**SCP-6879:** My powers. That's what Dr. Wondertainment called them. My wonder. I think he just liked using nonsense words. She was always calling things by different names. It was part of who he was.

**Dr. Dafydd:** How long did you work for Dr. Wondertainment?

**SCP-6879:** Since I was born there. I don't remember when exactly but I was there for a long time.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Interesting. Well, I looked at the results of some of the tests. According to Dr. Pirrie, the chemicals you made remined you of the workshop. Can you tell me about that?

**SCP-6879:** The workshop. Oh, that place was amazing! It was massive! It had everything you needed. Woods, metals, plastics and fabrics. And it had all these machines and tools. It's where we invent and designed the toys before we'd manufacture them.

**Dr. Dafydd:** We? Do you mean you and the doctor?

**SCP-6879:** Yeah -  well sort of. He'd sort of oversee us and tell us what was and wasn't working. We did most of the work.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Us? You weren't alone?

**SCP-6879:** No. There were others. But there wasn't a lot of us. About 15 I think. Or was it 20? Maybe 30? I can't recall really.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Can you remember any of them.

**SCP-6879:** Uh - uh - there was one guy. Really tall. Moustache. Dressed kind of funny. Red blazer and top hat. He was OK. A bit demanding but - OK. One of them was short, and - wore a lot of colour - talk a lot. I think - uh - you know - I can't remember anyone else.

*(Video footage shows the scar on the nap of SCP-6879's head is faintly glowing. Dr. Dafydd spots this but doesn't point it out.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** OK. So what sort of things did you make in the workshop?

**SCP-6879:** Oh, lots of things. I made dolls and robots and little soldiers that could walk. I made rockets that you could make fly. I made paints, stink bombs and modelling clay. I made teddies that released perfumes when you squeezed them. But the best thing I made were the costumes. They were for [Halloween](SCP-3992) and birthday parties. I was really proud of those.

**Dr. Dafydd:** So you did a lot in the workshop. It sounds like you enjoyed working there.

**SCP-6879:** I did. I - I was - I really like the workshop.

**Dr. Dafydd:** So why did the doctor make you go out and entertain children.

**SCP-6879:** I - I made mistakes. I'd get carried away and I'd start doing things wrong. And the doctor expanded the factory too. He'd got some new machines from somewhere - so I wasn't needed as much. So one day, the doctor gave me the job of performing for children. He dressed me up and sent me from school to school.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did you like doing that?

**SCP-6879:** I guess. The kids liked it and the teachers were always impressed but I wasn't much of an entertainer. I don't think the doctor was very happy with my performance. She kept telling me I needed to do better. Dazzle the kids. But I never could.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did you miss the workshop?

**SCP-6879:** No. I just hadn't - Well it was - it just had - yeah. Yeah, I missed it.

**Dr. Dafydd:** OK. I think that will do for today. Thank you, Mr Kaboom. I'll be back soon.

**SCP-6879:** OK, doctor.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Oh! Did the other Little Misters ever go to the workshop? Or help you with your work?

*(SCP-6879 gives Dr. Dafydd a confused look.)*

**SCP-6879:** What other Little Misters?

**<END LOG>**

**Date:** 24/06/2004

**Interviewers:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

---

**Forward:** This session was requested following SCP-6879's reaction during and after 6879-E-5 **Experiment 5 (6879-E-5):** Concentration and Isotopes. *SCP-6879 was asked to study four variations of water, made up of different hydrogen isotopes and replicate them. SCP-6879 didn't successfully complete the request and grew increasingly frustrated and disappointed with themselves during and following the test.* .

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. Dafydd:** Feeling better?

**SCP-6879:** *(remains silent)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** I'll take that as a no then. Do you want to talk about it?

**SCP-6879:** No.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Fine. Fine.

**SCP-6879:** *(sighs)* Sorry.

**Dr. Dafydd:** That's better. OK, tell me about the experiment.

*(Pause.)*

**SCP-6879:** I should've done more.

**Dr. Dafydd:** More what? More of the water?

**SCP-6879:** I could've done more! I can do more! I'm better than this.

**Dr. Dafydd:** If you couldn't do it, you couldn't do it. It's OK if you didn't. The tests are to see the limits of what you can do. It doesn't matter if you can or can't meet the demand. I -

**SCP-6879:** I'm better than this! I'm meant to do it!

*(SCP-6879 rises out of their chair and stares at Dr. Dafydd. A small trickle of brown liquid is seen secreting from their right index finger. The scar on SCP-6879's nape begins glowing softly again, causing SCP-6879 to wince in pain and sit back down.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Calmed down?

**SCP-6879:** *(sighs)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Tell me, was this what it was like in the workshop? High expectations? Is that why you were moved?

*(SCP-6879 remains silent.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did Dr, Wondertainment ask a lot of you?

**SCP-6879:** No! He was just under a lot of pressure. Demand increased and our factories were old. She knew I could do it. I just needed a push.

**Dr. Dafydd:** And when you didn't meet, you were moved?

*(SCP-6879 remains silent and looks away from Dr. Dafydd.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** That scar on the back of your head? When did that happen? Because it's not like the other scars you have.

**SCP-6879:** *(touches scar)* I - I don't know. I think I was - born with it. Made with it.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did you ever ask the doctor about it?

**SCP-6879:** Once, when I was in the - classroom -

*(SCP-6879's eyes unfocus and they appear to look through Dr. Dafydd for moment. The scar on SCP-6879's nap flashes softly for a second.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr Kaboom?

**SCP-6879:** Sorry, what?

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did you ever ask Dr. Wondertainment about the scar on your head?

**SCP-6879:** Scar? Oh, no. I was born with it.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Hmmm. OK. Before we finish, do you remember any of the places you used to perform? Any schools? Anything?

**SCP-6879:** *(sighs and rubs head)* Uhhhh - let's see - most of it was in America. I did do the UK sometimes. And Russia that one time.

**Dr. Dafydd:** What about towns?

**SCP-6879:** No, nothing comes to - wait - there was this one place. In America with the snow. In - In - oh, what was it that place with all the syrup. It began with a B -

**Dr. Dafydd:** Bridgeport? Boston? Burlington?

**SCP-6879:** Yeah, Burlington. I remember because that's where I got some maple samples for the doctor to use for his [lollipop project](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3147 ).

**Dr. Dafydd:** Thank you. I think that's a good start.

**<END LOG>**

---

**Afterword:** SCP-6879 statements regarding Burlington were used in the Foundations investigations. The liquid secreted by SCP-6879 was tested following the interviews. The analysis found that the secretion was a mixture of tannic and oxalic acid, chemicals commonly used as rust removers. Dr. Dafydd asked Dr. González for details regarding SCP-6879's crown to nap scar.

</details>

By using SCP-6879's statements along with local correspondence and history, the Foundation managed to determine the school SCP-6879 was referring to was *Edwards Middle School* in Burlington, Vermont. Field Agent Bronisław Ellis was sent to speak with the residents of the town and meet with Mr. Alex Hammers, a former mathematics teacher, now headmaster of Edwards Middle School. Mr. Hammers confirmed that SCP-6879 had indeed performed at the school and also provided further evidence in the form of a yearbook. When Mr. Hammers was asked questions regarding SCP-6879 demeanour, he told Agent Ellis that SCP-6879 was "friendly" but "clumsy", "social awkward" and "nervous going round the classrooms".

<details>
<summary>▷ Transcript 6879-5</summary>

**Date:** 02/07/2004

**Interviewers:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

---

**Forward:** This session was requested following SCP-6879's reaction during and after 6879-E-7 **Experiment 7 (6879-E-7):** Anomalous Compounds. *SCP-6879 was asked to produce a number of anomalous compounds used to create amnestics. Whilst SCP-6879 did successfully complete the request, their behaviour following the test was flagged.*. SCP-6879 had shown signs of agitation and sleep deprivation. Their scar had also begun to glow more regularly too.

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. Dafydd:** How are you feeling Kaboom?

**SCP-6879:** *(groans)* Like my head is pounding.

**Dr. Dafydd:** I can request some pain killers if you need some?

**SCP-6879:** *(groans)* Thank you.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr Kaboom, I going to ask you some questions and need you to be honest with me. Alright?

**SCP-6879:** *(nods)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did you have many accidents in the workshop?

**SCP-6879:** *(pause)* No.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Are you sure?

**SCP-6879:** Yes.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Then can you explain your healing?

**SCP-6879:** *(pause)* Pardon.

**Dr. Dafydd:** You recovered from a surgery that should've taken half a year to recover from in 2 months. Dr. Horváth also said you bruised a lot while you were with her. And you recovered from them quickly too. Why is that?

**SCP-6879:** You're the experts.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Dr. González gave me these too. It's the X-rays he took of you when he first treated you.

*(Dr. Dafydd pulls out several X-rays, all of SCP-6879's chest, arms and facial bone structure. Some misshapen areas are circled.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** These fractures. Dr. González estimates they're about 20 years old. A good few years before your time with the Lighthouse Ma -

**SCP-6879:** I don't want to talk about them!

**Dr. Dafydd:** OK, OK. It just, the scar on your head. It's  - it's not like the others. Dr. González believes that one goes deeper than the others. Down to the bone.

**SCP-6879:** *(remains silent)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** What can you tell me about this?

*(Dr. Dafydd pulls out the yearbook Mr. Hammers provided and turns to one of the pages. In it, a picture of SCP-6879 can be seen, on stage, dressed in a lab coat, rubber gloves, a blue waistcoat with a stylised 'W' on the front and blue hair, beard and moustache. SCP-6879's teeth are unnaturally white and his face has been painted to look slightly doll-like)*

**SCP-6879:** *(sniggers)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did you always have blue hair?

**SCP-6879:** *(looks away)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Did it change when they made you make Pinkie?

**SCP-6879:** I don't - want to think about that.

**Dr. Dafydd:** What can you tell me about that.

*(Dr. Dafydd points at a wound underneath SCP-6879 eyebrow in the photo.)*

*(Pause.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Now, Mr Kaboom, I've been doing this job for a good number of years and -

**SCP-6879:** It -

**Dr. Dafydd:** - I've seen people like you have similar -

**SCP-6879:** You -

**Dr. Dafydd:** Was Dr. Wondertainment ever violent towards yo -

**SCP-6879:** No!

*(Pause.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr Kaboom. These fractures. The mistakes. The healing. I don't want to press but this is suggesting -

**SCP-6879:** Stop it!

**SCP-6879:** *(hyperventilates)* You have to understand. We couldn't keep up and I wasn't trying hard enough and I kept making mistakes. He  - he was under a lot of pressure. Production was low, materials were getting harder to source, Prometheus was on out backs and she had the [rust](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2933 ) to deal with. I did my best to help but it just kept coming back. And - the workshop was getting old and - my - her [scarf](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2991 ) went missing and - the classroom -

**Dr. Dafydd:** That's not an excuse.

**SCP-6879:** *(hyperventilates)* He was a good person. He just wanted to bring joy to the world. He - she - they -

*(SCP-6879 looks back at Dr. Dafydd.)*

**SCP-6879:** Why are you looking at me like that! Who - who the fuck are you to judge me! You can't fucking judge me!

*(Brown liquid begins secreting from SCP-6879 hands and forearms. SCP-6879 gets up, advances towards the observation window and begins slamming their fist against the glass. Dr. Dafydd tries to comfort and restrain SCP-6879 only to be hit in the face. Two security guards rush into the interview room and subdue SCP-6879, while Dr. Dafydd retakes their seat.)*

**<END LOG>**

---

</details>

Following this interview, SCP-6879 became increasingly withdrawn and uncooperative. SCP-6879 also refused to see Dr. Dafydd or have their session in the recreational centre. Because of this, a meeting was held between Dr. Cren and Elena Clarke regarding SCP-6879 needs. It was decided the SCP-6879 was to be moved to Hall 34-B, [Site-55](secure-facility-dossier-site-55), where staff and personnel had the capabilities and knowledge of caring for and maintaining containment of Little Misters. It was also decided that Dr. Dafydd was to be reassigned to a different project and return to Site-12.

<details>
<summary>▷ Excerpt from SCP-288's Email Server</summary>

**DATE:** 13/07/2004

**FROM:** Dr. Cren <{{bertiecren@scp.foundation}}>

**TO:** Dr. Dafydd <{{z2dafydd@scp.foundation}}>

**SUBJECT:** SCP-6879

---

You've done good work Zachary, but in circumstances like this, we have to put security first. I know you hoped for 6879 to obtain some kind of catharsis or realisation, yet I don't believe that's going to happen. They just don't want to accept what's happened to them. More importantly, 6879's current behaviour has the potential to be a security risk. A risk Site-228 can't handle. And your relationship is contributing to that risk, no matter how healthy or unhealthy it is.

I'm sorry it had to come to this Zachary.

Good luck,

Cren

</details>

SCP-6879 was moved to Hall 34-B, Site-55 on 16/07/2004.

---

**Addendum 6879.4: Incident 6879-Alpha**

<details>
<summary>▷ Updated Containment Procedures (17/07/2004)</summary>

> SCP-6879 has been relocated to an identical containment chamber with the other Misters in Hall 34-B, Site-55, fitted with air filtration and sprinkler system, complete with standard furnishings. When outside their chambers, SCP-6879 must wear disposable gloves to prevent their unintentional secretions from staining or reacting with surrounding materials.

> @@ @@

> Entertainment rights are to remain the same. SCP-6879's right to recreational activities has been revoked until their relations with their fellow SCPs have improved and they've shown an improvement in cooperative behaviour.

</details>

After a week to adjust to Site-55's schedule and methodology, SCP-6879 was granted the right to Hall 34-B's reception and to interact with the other "Little Misters" SCPs. Despite seemingly sharing a former acquaintance and origin, many of the "Little Misters" were either openly unfriendly to SCP-6879 or made no attempts to engage with SCP-6879. Only [SCP-2428-1](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2428 ) appeared to occasionally engage in somewhat friendly relations with SCP-6879.

<details>
<summary>▷ Transcript 6879-6</summary>

**Date:** 25/07/2004

**Interviewers:** Dr. Andrea Segerstrom, Level 3 Senior Researcher

**Interviewee:** [SCP-3537](SCP-3537)

---

**Forward:** SCP-2428-1 was apparently also present for the interview, although their answers were told to Dr. Segerstrom by SCP-3537.

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

*(Removed for brevity.)*

**Dr. Segerstrom:** Why are the others so cold to 6879?

**SCP-3537:** He's not one of us.

**Dr. Segerstrom:** I don't understand? He's got the branding and -

**SCP-3537:** I know, but he's different. It's true, he checks out. Got all the signs but he just feels different. Wrong. Incomplete.

**Dr. Segerstrom:** That's not really an excuse to be so - unkind.

**SCP-3537:** I know, I know. But we can't help it. We're a collection and he's not one of us. It was the same with our [sister](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6910 ) when she abandoned us. Anyhow, he remembers things all wrong.

**Dr. Segerstrom:** All wrong?

**SCP-3537:** Yeah. Says he worked in the workshop and helped make stuff. *(scoffs)* He should be so lucky. Pretending to be the Doctor's favourite. Stupid.

**Dr. Segerstrom:** So why is 2428-1 OK with him?

*(SCP-3537 looks over Dr. Segerstorms shoulder for a few seconds, gives a confused grimace and nods before returning to Dr. Segerstorms.)*

**SCP-3537:** Apparently Mad knows him. Or he reminds Mad of someone he knew. From before. Back home. Says Kabooms thinks differently from the rest of us. To be honest, I wouldn't pay much attention to what Mad is saying, given what he's like.

*(SCP-3537 looks over Dr. Segerstorms shoulder again.)*

**SCP-3537:** *(shrugs and addresses space)* What, it's true.

**<END LOG>**

---

</details>

Whilst at Site-55, SCP-6879 continued to behave erratically. On top of sleep deprivation, they also began talking in their sleep, resumed thumb sucking and showed signs of isolation and dissociation. When personnel attempted to provide SCP-6879 with a session with the site's psychiatrist, they vehemently declined. As well as changes in mental behaviour, strands of SCP-6879's hair and iris began to change to a blue or pink pigmentation. SCP-6879 made several requests to have their recreational rights back, however, all requests were denied due to their erratic behaviour.

<details>
<summary>▷ Incident Log 6879-Alpha</summary>

= ****Lockdown Response Code (LRC)****

**Site:** ██

**Priority:** A

**[Classification](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/lockdown-procedures ):** Code ##Green|Green##, Code ##44DBB7|Superblue##

---

= ****Response****

**MTF/s:** MTF Beta-7 ("Maz Hatters")

**ARI/s:** AR-6 ("Grandma's Asthma")

**Recovery:** ~1 hour

---

**Date:** 09/08/2004

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**[00:00:00]** *(SCP-6879 collects their meal in Hall 34-B's shared space. As they make their way to their seat, [SCP-1799](SCP-1799) waves at them, only to be told off by [SCP-3537](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-3537 ). SCP-6879 takes their seat and begins their meal.)//

**[00:02:34]** *(SCP-6879 shows signs of pain, with their scar illuminating slightly once again. After a few seconds, the scar darkens and SCP-6879 begins sucking their thumb for approximately 20 seconds before resuming their meal. Some of the surrounding SCPs take notice of this.)*

**[00:03:23]** *(SCP-6879's scar illuminates once more, causing SCP-6879 to cry out in pain and clasp their head. SCP-1799 and [SCP-2287](SCP-2287) attempt to leave their table and help SCP-6879 but are stopped by SCP-3537. An argument breaks out between SCP-2287, SCP-1799 and SCP-3537 with [SCP-644](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-644 ) and [SCP-2855](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-2855 ) joining in. Meanwhile, SCP-6879 is helped by an unseen individual, presumably SCP-2428-1.)*

**[00:03:59]** *(SCP-6879 attempts to engage with the others but is rebuked by SCP-3537. SCP-6879 begins arguing with SCP-3537 and SCP-644. Whilst this is happening, SCP-6879's scar illuminates one more and SCP-6879 begins secreting a brown liquid from their fingertips. SCP-3537 then shoves SCP-6879 aside and appears to lecture them about something for approximately 30 seconds. The word "classroom" is hurried.)*

**[00:04:31]** *(SCP-6879 suddenly hunches down weeping, clasping their stomach and face and backs away against the wall. Various strands of their hair and irises begin shifting from a blue, pink and brown pigmentation. A thick dark-brown viscous liquid begins secreting from SCP-6879 forearms, fingers, ears, nose, mouth and eyes. SCP-2287 and SCP-1799 approach SCP-6879 but quickly back away when 2287 comes in contact with the liquid, which appears to burn them.)*

**[00:05:02]** *(SCP-6879 screams loudly, with the liquid secretion rate increasing. Seconds later, all Misters tense up and begin screaming too It was also confirmed following the incident that SCP-6910, [SCP-1007](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-1007 ), [SCP-1908](SCP-1908) and [SCP-2396](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-2396 ) also experience this phenomenon, despite either being in other sites or inactive. It is unconfirmed if [SCP-920](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-920 ) and SCP-2933 experienced the phenomenon. . SCP-2428-1 is seen flashing in and out of view. Personnel enter the shared space and removed all SCP present. Despite their attempts, they were unable to recover SCP-6879. Site enters lockdown.)//

**[00:06:52]** *(The liquid begins to thicken, and heat up, reaching a temperature of ~200° and reacts aggressively with the surrounding walls and floor. SCP-6879 continues to both laugh and weep, secreting the liquid. MTF-Beta-7 is called.)*

**[00:08:23]** *(The liquid becomes even more volatile, its incandescence increasing and now coats the entire floor. The floor under SCP-6879 gives way and SCP-6879 collapses into the floors below. All unnecessary Hall 34-B's systems are halted and Hall 34 is evacuated.)*

**[00:14:19]** *(The liquid begins to stabilise. A drone is sent in to attempt to locate SCP-6879. The drone uncovers the hole created by SCP-6879, which goes 4 floors down, stopping at the plumbing system in Hall's second sub-basement where a pool of the liquid has formed. SCP-6879 isn't seen, although crying can be heard coming from the sub-basement room.)*

**[00:35:02]** *(4 members of MTF Beta-7, led by Captain Myers arrive at the site. Dr. Andrea Segerstrom and Dr. Zachary Dafydd are brought to site command.)*

**[00:42:13]** *(Beta-7 enters the Hall and begins wading through the liquid, taking samples of the compound. The members abseiled down the hole in an attempt to reach SCP-6879. On the advice of Dr. Segerstrom and Dr. Dafydd, Beta-7-2, Charlotte Massie, attempts to communicate and console SCP-6879. Seconds later, the liquid within the sub-basement begins to react and heat up once more. Beta-7 retreat back to the Hall's shared space.)*

**[00:46:57]** *(With permission from both Site-12 and Site-55's Site Director, Dr. Segerstrom and Dr. Dafydd join Beta-7, with the intention of calming SCP-6879. Assisted by Beta-7, Dr. Segerstrom and Dr. Dafydd abseiled down to the sub-basement, stopping above the pool. SCP-6879 isn't seen.)*

**[00:48:43]** *(Dr. Dafydd, without permission, enters the pool and communicates calmly with SCP-6879. The crying heard in the sub-basement stops.)*

**[00:52:04]** *(Dr. Dafydd finishes talking and holds out a hand to the pool. After a few seconds, SCP-6879's hand emerges from the liquid, taking Dr. Dafydd's. Dr. Dafydd pulls SCP-6879 out of the liquid and embraces them. SCP-6879 continues to weep but begins to secrete a second, stable, transparent green liquid which reacts with the first, converting it into the same transparent liquid.)*

**[00:55:13]** *(Beta-7 successfully recovers SCP-6879 from the sub-basement. Samples of the second liquid are collected. With permission from Dr. Dafydd, Beta-7-5, Yasmin Massie, sedates SCP-6879.)*

**[00:57:32]** *(SCP-6879 is removed from Hall 34-B to Hall 23, accompanied by Dr. Segerstrom and Dr. Dafydd, for recovery and study. Captain Myers passes both SCP-6879's secreted compounds to Site-55's Department of Chemistry to be studied. The second compound was also incorporated into AR-6, in order to neutralise the first.)*

**<END LOG>**

</details>

Analysis discovered that the first liquid SCP-6879 secreted was a mixture of several chemicals, including acetaminophen, oxalic acid, sodium hypochlorite, [REDACTED], fructose, SCP-6879-A and ████-█-███-█-████████. The mixture was highly reactive and viscous when heated. The presence of ████-█-███-█-████████ was also noted, as the compound had amnestic properties and was used to manufacture Class F, Class D amnestics and Class X mnestics. The second liquid was discovered to be a solution of diluted menthyl acetate. It is unknown how the second chemical was able to mitigate the first.

As a result of Incident 6879-Alpha, SCP-6879 containment was temporarily moved to Hall 23 while the other Little Misters were moved to Hall 04 until Hall 34-B was repaired. When questions concerning SCP-6879 were asked to the Little Misters, all refused to comment and wince at the mention of their name or designation. A number have also developed slight alterations in memory regarding themselves, each other and GoI-386. These issues and changes have been incorporated into a separate project.

SCP-6879 hair returned to its usual brown pigmentation soon after the incident, although their irises have remained pink and blue. During a medical assessment, high concentrations of morphine and fentanyl were found in SCP-6879's blood suggesting SCP-6879 had attempted to self-medicate in order to alleviate their pain and had been hiding it under the pretext of thumb sucking. SCP-6879 also started secreting SCP-6879-A again, although in low concentrations. In light of these results, SCP-6879's threat level was reclassified to ● Yellow and, following a discussion with the Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology, Dr. Dafydd was reassigned as their psychotherapist. Below is a re-evaluation of SCP-6879's psychological profile:

<details>
<summary>▷ Psychological Assessment</summary>

= **PSYCHOLOGICAL ASSESSMENT (PA-6879-02)**

---

**SUBJECT:** SCP-6879

**DATE OF OCCURRENCE:** 17/08/2004

**LOCATION:** Site-55, [DATA REDACTED]

**PSYCHOLOGICAL OFFICER** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

---

It would be easy to assume that SCP-6879's change in behaviour is down to a mixture of substance abuse, illness and denial. However, I don't think that's all there is. SCP-6879 isn't the same as they were under Dr. Wondertainment. Something is different.

My guess is, that our treatments, sessions and experiments along with what the Mafia have done have somehow changed them. Not only have we returned them to factory settings, but we have uncovered something else. Something deeper.

And that something is trying to get out.

</details>

---

**Addendum 6879.5: Revised Containment**

On 19/08/2004, Dr, Dafydd took SCP-6879 to Site-55's Department of Chemistry Pyrotechnical Warehouse and conducted a counselling session. The following transcripts is the interview with SCP-6879:

<details>
<summary>▷ Transcript 6879-7</summary>

**Date:** 19/08/2004

**Interviewers:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

---

**Forward:** Security guards from the Department of Chemistry were on hand outside of the warehouse. Due to the re-emerging of SCP-6879-A, Dr. Dafydd was required to wear disposable gloves, safety goggles and mask during the session. Dr. Dafydd was also granted permission to use Psionic Implantation and Oneiric Hypnotherapy techniques.

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. Dafydd:** It's been a while Mr. Kaboom.

**SCP-6879:** *(remains seated.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** I know you probably don't want to see me or want to talk but - well -

*(Dr. Dafydd takes a seat opposite SCP-6879.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** What happened in the Hall?

**SCP-6879:** I don't -

**Dr. Dafydd:** No, we're not doing that! You didn't talk last time and look where that got you! You confront this now! Or do you want to end up locked away?

*(SCP-6879 looks at Dr. Dafydd, stunned.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** I don't want that, but unless you talk to me, you will face repercussions Mr Kaboom -

**SCP-6879:** That's not my name!

*(SCP-6879 stands up quickly but winces in pain and touches the scar on their head before sitting back down.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** No. No, it's not, isn't it?

*(SCP-6879 looks at Dr. Dafydd.)*

**SCP-6879:** I don't know what to do. Everything's all - twisted. And if I try and think of it -  it hurts.

*(Pause.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** There is - something we can try, but I need your permission. I can do something that will allow your memories to - flow more easily. But what you'll see - you might not like it. It might - hurt.

**SCP-6879:** What will happen?

**Dr. Dafydd:** It will be like a dream. Things will come to you but you won't have much control over what they are and where they'll take you. I can push you if things start to go off track, but it maybe a rather twisted journey. You won't be the driver of your train of thought, but the passenger. 

**SCP-6879:** What if I - make a mess again?

**Dr. Dafydd:** That's why we're here. This place can deal with it better.

*(Pause.)*

**SCP-6879:** OK.

*(Dr. Dafydd stands up and touches SCP-6879 on the shoulder and crown and applies a psionic induced hypnagogia, causing SCP-6879 to enter a more relaxed and focused state.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** I'm sorry.

*(Dr. Dafydd retakes their seat and begins applying psionic implantation via auditory command. Commands have been highlighted.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Can you hear me?

**SCP-6879:** *(pause)* Yes.

**Dr. Dafydd:** OK, right. Let's do this. ###6A5EFF|**Tell me your name?**##

**SCP-6879:** Mr Kabo - Mr - I - don't know.

**Dr. Dafydd:** What do you remember? Before the Mafia? Before the workshop? Where are you right now?

*(SCP-6879's eyes glaze over.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** ###6A5EFF|**Remember.**##

*(SCP-6879 becomes alert once again.)*

**SCP-6879:** There are no images. Only - feelings.

**Dr. Dafydd:** What are they? Anger? Fear?

**SCP-6879:** Lonely.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Is there nothing else? No sensations?

**SCP-6879:** I'm lost. Alone. I'm so alone.

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(sighs)* ###6A5EFF|**Tell me about the workshop?**##

*(SCP-6879 smiles slightly.)*

**SCP-6879:** It's so colourful. It smells of orange and paint and paper and - mint. It's full of things. Wonderful toys and games. And people. People like - like me.

**Dr. Dafydd:** People? You're co-workers?

**SCP-6879:** My friends.

**SCP-6879:** *(pause)* I'm useful. I'm needed. Never alone.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Who are the people?

**SCP-6879:** There's - no - no, their faces. I can't - they're all squashed and empty - changing - I -

*(SCP-6879 looks down at their hands then covers their ears.)*

**SCP-6879:** They're laughing at me. Laughing. Laughing!

**Dr. Dafydd:** Who's laughing? The people?

**SCP-6879:** The men. In - in the van. They took me - me - the school.

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(whispers)* Mafia.

**SCP-6879:** I want my dad - doc - doctor. They're laughing. They tie me up. The pull something over - over my mouth and - push something onto my face. It smells. It smells! I - I - I can't -

*(SCP-6879-A begins to secrete from SCP-6879's scars.)*

**SCP-6879:** The machine! I - I want to scream -  but - but - I'm strapped down. They - they're all in white! The smell! It smells! Like hospital. I want my - my - my - dad but they - slap me and - they - they -

**Dr. Dafydd:** They what?

**SCP-6879:** *(begins grasping their scars)* My arms! My arms! My stomach! They're opening it! It - it hurts! Hurts! I want my mum! Make it stop! I want my - my -

*(SCP-6879 stands up and looks into the distance.)*

**SCP-6879:** Wondertainment.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Do you see Wondertainment?

**SCP-6879:** *(nods)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** What's he doing? Is he -

**SCP-6879:** Workshop. I - I -

(SCP-6879 interrupts themselves, although their accent and tone change.)

**SCP-6879:** **RAINBOWS DON'T HAVE BROWN, STUPID! DO IT AGAIN!**

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr Kaboom?

**SCP-6879:** **TOO MUCH SUGAR! YOU DID IT WRONG! IT'S WRONG! IT'S WRONG! STUPID!**

*(SCP-6879 starts slapping themselves hard in the face. Dr. Dafydd gets up and grabs SCP-6879's arms.)*

**SCP-6879:** **STUPID! STUPID! STUPID!**

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr Kaboom! Mr Kaboom!

**SCP-6879:** **YOU'RE A BAD MISTER!**

**Dr. Dafydd:** ###6A5EFF|**Stop it, Mr Kaboom!**##

*(SCP-6879 stops and regains focus. Dr. Dafydd lets go of their arms.)*

**SCP-6879:** Bad mister.

**Dr. Dafydd:** No. No, you're not. You're doing very well Mr -  Mr Kaboom. Come back to the chair. Come on.

*(Dr. Dafydd tries to take SCP-6879 back to the chair but SCP-6879 hunches down to the ground, holding their head.)*

**SCP-6879:** I make dad angry. Mum wants it like this and I don't do it right. I need to be punished. I need to be better. I - I -

**SCP-6879:** I don't want to go. I - I'm scared. Please - please -

**Dr. Dafydd:** It's alright, it's alright. After this, it will be alright, but we need to keep going. It's alright.

**SCP-6879:** Please - I'm scared - I -

*(SCP-6879 sits up and looks into the distance, again speaking in a different accent and tone.)*

**SCP-6879:** **LITTLE MISTER!**

**Dr. Dafydd:** What is it, what's happening?

**SCP-6879:** I'm in the chair. I'm in the chair!

**Dr. Dafydd:** Where? Where is the chair?

**SCP-6879:** The - the class - classroom!

**SCP-6879:** *(starts crying)* I'm in - I'm - the classroom!

**SCP-6879:** *Bite helf mir! Bite helf mir! Es tut vey!* Yiddish to English translation: Please help me. Please help me. It hurts.

*(SCP-6879 begins crawling across the floor.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(whispers)* Oh, what did they do to you?

**SCP-6879:** He - she comes in. Daddy comes in. She - she says she I'll be better like this. I'll be good. I'll - I'll be better. And - and -  the chair - my head. My head tilts. And - and - and - no, no, no! He's bringing it out!

**Dr. Dafydd:** What? What are they bringing?

**SCP-6879:** The toy! He's got the toy! My wooden toy! And - and - the needles and knives! She cuts - cuts - cuts -

**Dr. Dafydd:** It's alright, Mr Kaboom. Cuts, what?

**SCP-6879:** The rust - the rust from her arms - and - and they take it and - the knife! The knife's all rusty and - and - and - he puts it in - no, dad, I'll be good. I'll be good. I won't - I won't. I'll be better. I won't - I won't - I - I - be good, be good. They're laughing. They -  you - hold me down. Mum - help - don't - they're - you're cutting! Stop, please! The rust - the rus - pink - pink! Pink!

*(SCP-6879 chokes and vomits a stream of SCP-6879-A, tannic and oxalic acid. Dr. Dafydd picks them up and takes them to the chair, releasing them from his psionic control. A few minutes pass while Dr. Dafydd cleans up SCP-6879)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Mr. Kaboom? Can - can - can you hear me?

**SCP-6879:** *(whimpers)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** It's alright. It's going to be OK.

**SCP-6879:** *(whimpers)* They - they did things to me. They found it fun.

**Dr. Dafydd:** I know.

**SCP-6879:** *(whimpers)* Dr. Wondertainment - she - he - did things - to my - mind - to - to my insides. Put - put things inside. Put things inside me.

**Dr. Dafydd:** I know.

**SCP-6879:** *(whimpers)* He - she - didn't - didn't do those th - things!

**Dr. Dafydd:** I'm - I'm afraid they did.

**SCP-6879:** *(whimpers)* I - I was - alone. He - helped me. I - I loved - I love - but she never - the Mafia - he - abandoned - she - they -

*(SCP-6879 gets up and runs out to the centre of the room.)*

**SCP-6879:** *(screams)* YOU SHOULDN'T'VE DONE THOSE THINGS!

*(SCP-6879 continues screaming, their hair rapidly changing colour in places.)*

**SCP-6879:** I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU, MAFIA! I HATE YOU, WONDERTAINMENT! I HATE YOU! I WANNA KILL YOU!

*(SCP-6879 ejects plums of purple and pink smoke, green fire and sparks from their hands towards the opposite wall. Security guards rush in but Dr. Dafydd keeps them back.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(whispers)* Wait.

**SCP-6879:** *(screams)* I HATE YOU! I HATE YOU, YOU EVIL, DISGUSTING, CUREL, WICKED, ANGRY - I - HATE - YOU! I WANT TO KILL YOU!

*(SCP-6879 stops the ejection and turns to Dr. Dafydd in tears. Their knees then buckle and they collapse to the floor, sobbing. Dr. Dafydd rushes over and embraces SCP-6879.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Well done, Mr. Kaboom. It's alright now. It's - it's alright. It's -  it's going to be alright.

*(Dr. Dafydd continues to cradle SCP-6879 for 4 minutes. SCP-6879 continues weeping.)*

**<END LOG>**

---

**Afterword:** After the interview, SCP-6879 was escorted back to their containment chamber. Dr. Dafydd accompanied SCP-6879 and remained with them until they went to sleep. SCP-6879 was not given any sedatives or drugs. SCP-6879 ejections were taken to the Department of Chemistry for study.

</details>

SCP-6879 received several other sessions with Dr. Dafydd over the next few weeks, focusing on SCP-6879's relationship with Dr. Wondertainment, their time with the Mafia, their mental wealth and techniques to cope with their issues. Oneiric and psionic techniques were not employed during these sessions. SCP-6879-A continued to be produced in low concentrations. To mitigate this, Dr. Dafydd taught SCP-6879 several coping techniques and was told how to neutralise it themselves.

After several weeks, SCP-6879 once again showed signs of recovery, with their personality and behaviour returning to a state similar to 6 months before. SCP-6879 once again, cease producing SCP-6879-A soon after too. As well as improvements in behaviour, SCP-6879 no longer engaged in self-medication and showed an improvement in self-esteem. With these improvements in mental stability and self-control, SCP-6879 threat level was reclassified was ● Green.

On 11/11/2004, Dr, Dafydd conducted one final session with SCP-6879. The following transcript is the interview with SCP-6879:

<details>
<summary>▷ Transcript 6879-8</summary>

**Date:** 11/11/2004

**Interviewers:** Dr. Zachary Dafydd, Level 3 Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6879

---

**Forward:** Session was conducted in Site-55's recreational centre.

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Dr. Dafydd:** What are you making today?

**SCP-6879:** *(Holds up a nearly completed jacket, constructed from bleached denim scraps.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Wow. Did you bleach that yourself?

**SCP-6879:** It took some practice but I found the right concentration in the end.

*(SCP-6879 continues to sew the jacket while Dr. Dafydd watches.)*

**SCP-6879:** What is it?

**Dr. Dafydd:** Nothing. I'm just so impressed with what you're doing.

**SCP-6879:** Thank you, Dr. Dafydd.

*(SCP-6879 begins knotting the threads of the jacket.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** Have you had anything else come back?

*(SCP-6879 stops knotting and looks at Dr. Dafydd.)*

**SCP-6879:** No. Nothing new. Just the same old images.

**Dr. Dafydd:** How do you feel about them now?

*(Pause.)*

**SCP-6879:** It's odd. I was angry in the beginning, and scared, but now -  now it's just - oh what's the word - melancholy, maybe. It's like, the memories make me feel sad but I'm - separated from it. I don't care about it anymore. Does that make sense?

**Dr. Dafydd:** Yeah, that makes sense.

**SCP-6879:** It's odd. Before, I didn't want to think about what happened to me. I didn't want to remember. Now, I can't help wondering what used to be in those blank gaps in my mind. And then, I wonder if the others are like this.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Others?

**SCP-6879:** The other Little Misters. What were we? What were our former lives and names? Where did we come from before we joined them and became toys in their toybox? Do you think we'll - I'll ever know?

*(Pause.)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(shakes head slowly)* Maybe - one day, but -

**SCP-6879:** That's a shame. I would've liked to know just a little bit more. That Mad fellow was so familiar.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Do you think you'll keep your name?

**SCP-6879:** I thought about that. I guess you could start calling me SCP-6879, but - I don't know why, but I want to keep my name. Despite the fact, that he gave me the name as part of her - control - it's still a part of me. It's the only name I've ever known. So - I'm going to be Mr. Kaboom for now.

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(laughs and reaches a hand out)* Well, it's nice to meet you, Mr. Kaboom.

**SCP-6879:** *(smiles and shakes hand)*

**Dr. Dafydd:** I've got some news Mr. Kaboom. I've been speaking with a couple of colleagues and we believe it's time you moved on.

**SCP-6879:** Wait, what?

**Dr. Dafydd:** Don't worry. You'll be moving to Site-17. It's the best site we have for humanoids and special phenomena like you and it's got plenty more to offer you rather than this place. You can do so much there. You could be with people like you.

**SCP-6879:** Will I get to continue my work?

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(nods)* I bet you'll be making PJs for everyone.

**SCP-6879:** I like the sound of that. When -

*(Pause.)*

**SCP-6879:** You - You're not coming. Are you.

**Dr. Dafydd:** *(nods)* I need to go back to 12. I have newer projects to work on. And you - you don't need me anymore.

**SCP-6879:** But - but we're - friends?

**Dr. Dafydd:** I wish I could say that's true, but - my job - my role - is to make you feel safe. To get you to a point where you can be the most comfortable you can be in our care. I've done that. You can move on now. So can I. We aren't - friends but - I still want you to be happy.

*(Pause.)*

**SCP-6879:** Is this goodbye?

**Dr. Dafydd:** Yes. Yes, it is.

*(SCP-6879 stands up and holds out a hand. Dr. Dafydd takes it and clasps it firmly.)*

**SCP-6879:** *A sheynem dank*, Dr. Dafydd.

**Dr. Dafydd:** Bye-bye, Mr Kaboom.

**<END LOG>**

---

**Afterword:** Following the interview, both SCP-6879 and Dr. Dafydd were fairly emotional after their farewell, however, both remained professional.

</details>

On 21/11/2004, SCP-6879 was transported to Site-17 in [REDACTED]. Dr. Dafydd returned to Site-12 on 22/11/2004. Site-17's Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology was alerted of SCP-6879's past behaviour and SCP-6879 was placed on a temporary psychological observation to ensure a comfortable settling.

<details>
<summary>▷ Updated Containment Procedures (24/12/2004)</summary>

> SCP-6879 has been relocated to an identical containment chamber within the low-security wing of Site-17 fitted with air filtration and sprinkler system, complete with standard furnishings. When outside their chambers, SCP-6879 must wear disposable gloves to prevent their unintentional secretions from staining or reacting with surrounding materials.

> @@ @@

> Due to their improvements in mental stability and continuous display of cooperative behaviour, SCP-6879 has been granted permission to wander the facility, although under surveillance. SCP-6879 is allowed to visit Site-17's recreational centre tri-weekly for a maximum of 3 hours and is permitted to socialise with fellow non-threatening SCPs. Staff are permitted to request the use of SCP-6879's anomalous abilities only if the site manager and SCP-6879 agree. Items made by SCP-6879 for the staff or fellow SCPs may be accepted with the approval of the site manager.

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**TO:** Dr. Dafydd <{{z2dafydd@scp.foundation}}>

**FROM:** Dr. Caspian <{{d.caspian@git.scp.int}}>

**SUBJECT:** SCP-6879

---

How's it going old friend,

I just wanted to forward you a couple of things.

~~0. Mr. Kaboom ✓ **(cancelled)**~~

We found this outside 6879's chamber, a few days after they arrived at 17. It was so soaked with tears and rust, it nearly broke when we picked it up. It's with the Chem lot now. We contemplated letting 6879 know but we decided against it. Let the past be.

Speaking of our "Little Mister", he asked me to send this along:

Hi Dr. Dafydd,

I'm not sure if you'll ever get this, but the personnel have given me their word they'll pass this along. I just wanted to let you know that I'm OK and I think I'm going to be OK for the rest of my time here. You should see the place we've got. I mean, my rooms are fine. Bit of a bland colour but they've let me paint the interior.

Yeah, I can make paint now. And others. They've got me learning all sorts of things. Medicine. Cosmetics. They're going to let me try food soon, apparently.

You were right. There are people like me. There's this one [guy](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-208 ). Huge, he is. He's got me helping with kids in the medical wing. Made a whole line of teddy bears just for them. They're also this [girl](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4818 ) who can do cool things with light and a [guy](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-073 ) with metal hands! He's real nice. He like the jackets and sweaters I made for him. They've got me doing that now. Making things for the others. Some of the staff want stuff too!

The best is the jumper [dude](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-507 ). He seemed lonely when I first met him, but we hit it off. I'm making a jumper for him when he comes back. Apparently, he lost his other one in a world covered in sand.

I guess, I just wanted to confirm that, I'm fine. You were right. Everything's alright now.

Thank you,

Mr. Kaboom

I've spoken with RAISE and given what they're doing for us, we might grant them a Blue classification. You should see what they've made. I'm talking about some Met Gala level work here. They were waisted working for the Doctor.

Anyway, I hope you're proud of what you've done. Huxley would be.

Caspian

P.S. Something might be attached to this. Hope you like it.

**DATE:** 01/07/2004

**TO:** Dr. Dafydd <{{z2dafydd@scp.foundation}}>

**FROM:** Site-12 Post Office <{{12PO@scp.foundation}}>

---

**Package awaiting pick for:** Dr. Dafydd

**Hazardous Checks:** Pass

**Contents:**

* Green Tailored Suit Blazer, size 38

* Black Dress Trousers, size 34

* White Dress Shirt, size 38

* Brown Leather Gloves

* Green Bow Tie

* Note (see below)

A note was found within the package. Please note, that the paper and cloth smells slightly of mint.

I hope it fits.

</details>

@@@@

@@ @@

=====

> **Filename:** lighthouse.jpg

> **Name:** Vats of liquor

> **Author:** Rutger van der Maar

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/83468718@N06/47567791312)

> **Filename:** Kaboom.jpg

> **Name:** Istanbul, Turkey. 2015. Tailor-made.

> **Author:** Boris ThaserRutger van der Maar

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/123982963@N04/17283461183)

> **Filename:** pinkpill.jpg

> **Author:** , Wellcome Library, London

> **License:** CC BY 4.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6879)

> **Derivative of:**

> ----

> **Name:** Dr Williams' Pink Pills

> **Author:** Wellcome Library, London

> **License:** CC BY 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Dr_Williams%27_%27Pink_Pills%27,_London,_England,_1850-1920_Wellcome_L0058211.jpg)

> **Filename:** edwards.jpg

> **Name:** Vermont School

> **Author:** Jim

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/49502971929@N01/2286771614)

> **Filename:** drain.jpg

> **Name:** Drain Slime

> **Author:** darkday

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/99649389@N02/14731791455)

=====

<< [SCP-6878](SCP-6878) | SCP-6879 | [SCP-6880](SCP-6880) >>
