div#container-wrap {

    background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/grigori-karpin-s-author-page/backgroundVK-1);

}

:root {

    ~~logo-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/grigori-karpin-s-author-page/VKlogo-pride-Small");

    --header-title: "  Vikander-Kneed";

    --header-subtitle: "   Technical Media";

}

/* Adjust Mobile Image Size */

@media (max-width: 479px) {

#header {

    background-size: 100px 100px;

    background-position: 1em;

}

}

**[ Vikander-Kneed Technical Media Hub](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/vikander-kneed-technical-media-hub )**

@@ @@

**[More by Grigori Karpin](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/grigori-karpin-s-author-page)**

@@ @@

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=400px

|url=https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/grigori-karpin-s-author-page/VKTMChildrenLP

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-6301.

]]

#### **Special Containment Procedures**

METATRON.aic is to scan servers associated with media sales (including but not limited to *Amazon*, *eBay*, etc) for any listings matching the description of SCP-6301.  The .aic will also search past sales dating back to each site’s first operations for any previous listings that match the anomaly.  

Any individuals having purchased or sold an instance of SCP-6301 will be amnesticized, once interviewed as to the possible source of the anomaly.  

One copy of SCP-6301 is to be stored in High-Yield Data Storage Facility 1 at Site-43, any remaining copies confiscated are to be destroyed.

METATRON.aic will also be tasked with monitoring children’s music channels on radio and streaming services for any sign of SCP-6301’s content being broadcast, and shut down the broadcast systems if detected.

@@ @@

#### **Description**:

SCP-6301 is a vinyl record of the type regularly labelled as a “12 inch” entitled Funky Finn’s Children Happy Hour.  Although records of this size are normally capable of storing approximately twenty-two minutes of audio recordings, SCP-6301 has over ninety minutes of runtime.  The first song is in English, lasting roughly four minutes, but the remainder of SCP-6301’s runtime is in an unknown language.

The anomaly has hypnotic and compulsive qualities, but only for a targeted demographic - when the record is played, individuals who are under twelve years old will pay rapt attention and will not respond to other external stimuli, even including pain.  Any children listening to the recording contained on SCP-6301Either in person or via broadcast. will enter a state of catatonia if play of SCP-6301 is interrupted.  Unless the record is played to completion, a subject in such a state will not regain conscious awareness.

Any child who has finished listening to SCP-6301’s entire run time will emerge from the compulsive effect without memory of the contents.  Subjects experience lethargy and low motivation for several days, but will return to normal with no lasting effects after a few days’ rest.

#### **Addendum: Contents of SCP-6301**

*The following is a transcript of the only decipherable portion of SCP-6301.*

**Funky Finn**: *Hey kids!*

**Children**: *[In unison]* Hey, Funky!

**Funky**: You ready to sing a song about what’s important in life?

**Children**: *[In unison]* YEAH!

**Funky**:  Alright, and you at home, make sure you sing along with me and all my friends!

*Watch out for complexities*

*Avoid heavy philosophies*

*This is the song for every day*

*We sing about important things,*

*So keep an eye on working things*

*This is your song for every day.*

*Monday's for labor, Tuesday's for bills.*

*Wednesday, more labor, Thursday, the mill.*

*And on Friday when the pipes have burst,*

*You're cleaning the loo.*

*On Saturday you'll pay some debt.*

*And Sunday is a day of rest*

*But not. For. You.*

*Watch out for complexities,*

*You only need simplicities*

*Don't cloud your head with thoughts about your plight*

*We'll sing of what's important,*

*So don't be self-important*

*For working's all you need to do things right*

*And if you're ever tired, or if you're ever sad*

*You gotta work harder, and if you can't that's bad.*

*An excellent life is made up of just a single thing*

*So buck up friends, and hear me true.*

*Life is work, at least for you!*

*Watch out for complexities,*

*The flaw in all societies*

*If you deserved more, you'd have been born rich*

*So grab your bootstraps, pull them up,*

*Go work the fields right at sunup*

*And till the soil until you're in a ditch!*

*Monday's for labor, Tuesday's for bills.*

*Wednesday, more labor, Thursday, the mill.*

*And on Friday when the pipes have burst,*

*You're cleaning the loo.*

*On Saturday you'll pay some debt.*

*And Sunday is a day of rest*

*But not. For. You.*

*Embrace the pure simplicity*

*Of life without adversity*

*Pledge to do your very best*

*There's never any time to rest*

*You will never end up rich*

*So work yourself into a ditch*

*Everything we sing is true*

*Nothing waits out there for you*

*And every day the world is blue*

*‘cuz working is the life for you!*

*You don't know what else to do*

*Working is the life for you*

*In your heart you know it's true*

*Working is the life for you*

*You will know once life is through*

*Working is the life for you*

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6300](SCP-6300) | SCP-6301 | [SCP-6302](SCP-6302) >>

=====

> **Filename**: La balsa

> **Author**: Banfield

> **License**: Public Domain

> **Source**: [ LINK](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:La_Balsa_-_Los_Gatos_-_Vinilo_simple.JPG )

> **Additional Notes**: Edited by  and 

> **Filename:** 6301 Logo

> **Author:**  

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [ Link](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/grigori-karpin-s-author-page/6301%20logo )

=====
