#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS & INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

 

*The contents of this file have been tampered with. The file must remain preserved in its current state, as it is the subject of an ongoing murder investigation.*

 

*Edits are prohibited at this time.*

 

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

 

**Item #:** SCP-6863

 

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ Presumed Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** The fragments of SCP-6863 are to be kept in a standard evidence locker located in Site-42’s Security Department.

 

**Description:** : ~~SCP-6863 appears to be a circular white plastic button (70.8mm) set in a black plastic base (87.9 mm). When pressed, the object emits a slightly distorted sound clip exclaiming “That’s A Wonderful Idea!”~~

 

~~Subjects who interact with the object have claimed to feel a sense of renewed confidence in any idea or plan they had been considering at the time. Subjects become irrevocably convinced to follow through with said idea.~~ 

 

~~Further testing utilizing SCP-6863 as a means of improving morale within the ranks of Class C individuals is currently being spearheaded by Dr. ███████ Taylor. Utilizing SCP-6863 as a possible alternative to amnestics for agents suffering from psychological traumaaaaAAAA oh golly I guess that’s my cue.~~

 

~~How do you write one of these fancy things? Let’s give it a try.~~

 

SCP-6863 appears to be in pieces! It appears to have bubbling bits of your bitch brain coating all the cute little cracks Dr. Taylor! What’s black & white and red all over Dr. Taylor? Your magic button! 

 

WOOPSIE! I think I might’ve heard your gurgling corpse shit the floor just now. Gross! You’re making a mess all over your fancy carpet.

Have some decency! You are EMBARRASSING yourself in front of a peasant! Rude rude rude Dr. Taylor. Rude rude rude.

 

Boy I tell ya, I feel all sorts of legitimized sitting here at your desk. Typing away. I’m a real smarty pants now huh? Writing a fancy paper like the rest of you hot-shot researchers. 

This means I matter now right? I matter now right? I matter now right? I matter now right? I matter now right? I matter now right? I matter now right? I matter now right? I matter now right? I matter now right?

 

I’m just like Dr. Taylor! I bet they’re all going to start taking me seriously around these parts now. I’m writing words. I’m writing woRDS! Doing the real work. DOING THE REAL WORK! Words words words. 

 

Watch this: hewrehgiytewdzbvmb. Dysfaeqrgh no f j geyir wteaetzvj. Mbkgrzhzruzrfuvj

That was a good one.

 

Cooking with gas. We aRE COOKING WITH GAS NOW! I am on fire.

 

Silly me. I never thought I could be somebody smart like you, Dr. Taylor. I’m just a field agent, after all. ONLY a field agent. I’m out there breaking my bones. Bleeding myself dry. Looking the monsters in the eye. **Showing them my face**.

 

But you? You got the real tough job, dontcha doc? You’re the real motherfucking hero. You sit here at a desk and **write words**!

Then you drag my bony ass in here once a week, pretend to listen to a single word I say, tell me to say something nice about myself and CLICKITY CLACK PAP PAP PAP THAT’S A WONDERFUL IDEA THAT’S A WONDERFUL IDEA!!!!!!!!

 

You know, this is easier than I thought! Much easier than I thought. Pressing buttons. Writing words.

 

I've got message for all you folks down there in in the offsite trenches. Now's the time for action. Yeah, you! You know what to do! Now's the time! Do it! Write words to matter!

 

YOU’VE BEEN CHOSEN

 

Uh oh!

 

There’s banging at the door. I think they know what happened. I think they heard you begging. I think they heard me laughing. Or maybe somebody is watching me write this? I guess our session is over. 

 

Here they come... They’re very upset with me. I can hear them calling to me from hell. They’re throwing a real fit over this.

 

I wish I could have asked you for advice on how to finish my fancy shmancy research paper, Dr. Taylor. I think I was onto something here!

 

Oh well.  

 

I’ll miss our little chats. You really were the highlight of my week. 

 

Now you’re just a shit-covered corpse on the floor. You are clumps of brain bits & brown hair clinging to what’s left of a broken button.

 

Was it worth it?

You were right! You were fucking right! This really was a WONDERFUL IDEA! 

 

I’ve got another one.

 

Wanna see?

---

<details>
<summary>Addendum 6863-1</summary>

DELETE YOUR LIFE’S WORK? THAT’S A WONDERFUL IDEA!

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Addendum 6863-2</summary>

DELETE YOUR LIFE’S WORK? THAT’S A WONDERFUL IDEA!

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Addendum 6863-3</summary>

DELETE YOUR LIFE’S WORK? THAT’S A WONDERFUL IDEA!

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Addendum 6863-4</summary>

DELETE YOUR LIFE’S WORK? THAT’S A WONDERFUL IDEA!

</details>

<< [SCP-6862](SCP-6862) | SCP-6863 | [SCP-6864](SCP-6864) >>

=====

> **Filename:** scp-6863.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6863)

=====
