.wiki-content-table tr td:first-of-type {

  width: 50%;

}

**Item #:** SCP-6809

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Each instance of SCP-6809 is to be held in individual Medium-Risk Humanoid Containment cells. Instances are to be contained under standard humanoid security procedures, and are to be given access to one Type B electrical wall socket for the purposes of charging. 

Psychological evaluations are underway to assess the level of individual sapience in each instance. Recommendations to allow SCP-6809 instances to assist in low-level work on-site are pending full screening for any possible espionage methods present in the instances. 

**Description:** SCP-6809 is a collection of six artificially intelligent humanoid automatons designed and manufactured by GOI-414 "Hathaway Biomechanics LLC." Instances possess near-identical mechanical construction, and are henceforth referred to as SCP-6809-1 through -6.

SCP-6809 instances superficially resemble humans, with artificial musculature and skin that mimics human appearance. The most notable differences in appearance are black sclera in the eyes and the presence of a charging port between the cervical and thoracic vertebrae. 6809-5 and 6809-6 have a slightly modified artificial skin layer, with 6809-5 having sustained damage to the skin layer on the chest. Physical capabilities afforded by the mechanical chassis are around the same level of strength that could be expected from a human of similar size and build. Instances are powered by a series of internally stored batteries that require charging roughly every 8 to 15 hours, depending on activity level.

All instances are fully autonomous and controlled by an internally stored artificial intelligence. The artificial intelligences present within SCP-6809 instances are capable of learning and operate under a set of permanent goals and guidelines outlining behavior, prioritizing assistance with various tasks often associated with housekeeping or service, such as cleaning, cooking, and assisting children and the elderly. Each instance has shown emotional responses to various stimuli, with the specifics varying on the instance, suggesting the development of individual personalities.

**Addendum 6809.1:** Product announcement 

<details>
<summary>Access Document Group 6809.1</summary>

> **Transcript of presentation given at MC&D's 27th Technological Partners Convention in New York City by Anthony Berkshire, CEO of Hathaway Biomechanics, LLC.** 

> ----

> Humanity. It's what moves us. Keeps us looking forward. Drives our innovations. There's nothing I, as a CEO, value more than the people working under me, and the connections they form with each other. Here at Hathaway Biomechanics, we're all one big family. And today, we're thinking of new ways to bring a little piece of us to the consumer.

> 

> Humanity isn't just important for business, it's important in the home, too. And believe me, I know how hard it can be to put your all into your work in the home when you have so many things to worry about. Cleaning up around the house? Looking after guests? Cooking? Raising children? All stressful jobs, all taxing, and all difficult to outsource. Who can trust a cleaning lady, or a nanny? Who knows how human they'll really be to you, or your family, who so graciously offers them compensation? That's why we here at Hathaway Biomechanics have spent a lot of time and effort working on something we're finally ready to unveil: a fine-tuned, full-time robotic servant. 

> 

> Now, I understand what some of you might be thinking, that Anderson Robotics has the market covered on so-called 'androids.' While that may be true for certain applications, they have no models available to the consumer. This untapped niche is ripe for a market disruption, by the hands of yours truly. 

> 

> Our products will be personalized, with app integration to a completely revolutionary user-interface system to allow further catering to the consumer. By making use of machine-learning algorithms, our artificial intelligence will be perfectly suited to a variety of roles, bringing a touch of warmth and humanity to your home. Fine-tuned mechanical components and a meticulously designed body will allow our products to fit seamlessly into your life. 

> 

> Orders and requests for personalized units will open as soon as this presentation concludes. We expect our products to be available for retail by quarter four of this year. I ask you all to join me as we break new ground together, as we decentralize robotics and AI and put power in the hands of the consumer in the robotics revolution.

> **Transcription of intercepted phone call**

> Parties on the call: Anthony Berkshire, CEO of Hathaway Biomechanics LLC., Michael Diawara, Senior R&D manager at Hathaway Biomechanics LLC.

> *Note: Diawara called Berkshire approximately 30 seconds after the previous presentation.*

> ----

> **Berkshire:** Michael, hey! Great timing, I was just about to call you.

> 

> **Diawara:** Right, yes, hello, sir, I'm just calling you on behalf of the guys here at R&D. We were all watching that presentation you just gave, and- 

> 

> **Berkshire:** Calling me for your guys, huh? Good, good, great. Great trait to have as a leader. Gotta look out for your own.

> 

> **Diawara:** What? I- Okay, sir, we just wanted to ask about what you were talking about. The androids. 

> 

> **Berkshire:** Right, yeah, figures. Pretty taken aback, right? I remember I was sitting in my office a couple days ago, right? Just, like, thinking about what I was gonna say here. Had to be big after [that shitshow with the Sinclairs](SCP-6703), right? So, I was thinking, we did a good job slapping that Emily bitch - or whatever her name was - back together, yeah? Must've been like half a robot at that point, anyway, so hey, why not just lean into it? Pretty good, yeah?

> 

> **Diawara:** A couple days ago? Nobody on my team knows what the- what you were on about. This is the first anyone here has heard of it. Is everything you said really what you expect us to shoot for?

> 

> **Berkshire:** Hey, you know, I was gonna call you guys up, but if I was gonna talk here, hey, better to kill two birds with one stone, yeah? Gotta manage your time when you've got as much on your plate as me, you know.

> 

> **Diawara:** Sir, you can't expect us to drop everything and pivot to this. It's just not in our ballpark, even if we do we can't get it done by that deadline.

> 

> **Berkshire:** Quitter shit. If you want to make it in the market you have to be a goddamn entrepreneur, take risks. And I don't expect you to do anything, I'm *ordering* you to do it as the damn CEO. Like I said, we need to pivot after that last project of ours.

> 

> **Diawara:** You- *(inhales)* Yes, the incident with Eileen Sinclair was unfortunate, but our specialty has always been medical applications for our technologies. They cannot be applied easily to a non-living host. On top of that, the entire issue that got us into the mess with Sinclair was when you overpromised and underdelivered.

> 

> **Berkshire:** No. Hey, no- no, no, that was Voight. I didn't do shit.

> 

> **Diawara:** Sir, I spoke to Voight before he received the cadaver. You approached him with a finalized contract to reanimate Eileen. 

> 

> **Berkshire:** No, no, that's- *(Berkshire raises his voice)* That lying piece of shit. He took the job. He said he could- fucker. Fucking liar. Hope the Foundation put a bullet in the rat.

> 

> *(Berkshire continues breathing heavily for about ten seconds)*

> 

> **Diawara:** Alright, sir, but you should understand what Voight did was impressive. The spinal implant within the cadaver alone was a massive improvement. We should just re-orient our focus back onto medical implants.

> 

> **Berkshire:** Aha, look, Mike, you're a smart guy, right? Yeah, but just stick to the lab shit, okay? Marketing is my whole deal. I know where to take things. I got it, man. Just follow my lead. 

> 

> **Diawara:** I understand your position, sir, but I would advise you to reconsider. Anderson has had decades to make a product like this and they never did, shouldn't that tell you something? 

> 

> **Berkshire:** Tells me there's a reason they pay me the big bucks. I see the big picture shit, the untapped niches, you know?

> 

> **Diawara:** *(inhales and exhales)* Look, just saying for the sake of it you need these things made, it really isn't what the team is cut out for. We focus on the human body.

> 

> **Berkshire:** Yeah, yeah, look, I googled "biomechanics" before the announcement, and it's just how things move, nothing to do with the medical field. You guys are good. 

> 

> **Diawara:** ... Do you even know the skillsets of the people you hire? Who the hell is an AI engineer in the first place? We just don't have the people for this.

> 

> **Berkshire:** That's where I come in. Just gotta drum up some venture capital for manufacturing facilities and new talent. Yeah, just let me get some capital. Speaking of, gotta go chat up some investors. I'll be back over after the convention to check up on how things are going, see ya.

> 

> **Diawara:** Sir, wait- 

> 

> *Berkshire ended the call.*

</details>

**Addendum 6809.2:** Chassis development

<details>
<summary>Access Document Group 6809.2.1</summary>

> **Hathaway Biomechanics R&D Department video conference transcript**

> Parties in video conference: Michael Diawara, Senior R&D manager at Hathaway Biomechanics LLC., Alan Brown, R&D employee at Hathaway Biomechanics LLC., Linda Cho, R&D employee at Hathaway Biomechanics LLC.

> 

> *Note: Foundation assets wiretapped communications from various electronic devices belonging to Hathaway Biomechanics LLC.*

> ----

> **Diawara:** Uh, alright, can you guys hear me? 

> 

> *(Cho appears in frame, visibly upset. Brown's computer is connected to the video conference but Brown himself is not present in the video.)*

> 

> **Cho:** Yeah. Yeah, I can hear you.

> 

> **Diawara:** Is Alan there? His camera is on, but-

> 

> **Cho:** I turned it on for him. He threw up watching the announcement, but I don't think he's sick. He'll be back in a minute.

> 

> **Diawara:** Christ. Is he alright?

> 

> **Cho:** I- I mean, was he serious? Do we actually need to do this?

> 

> **Diawara:** *(sighs)* Honestly, I think so.

> 

> **Cho:** *(places her head in her hands)* Then he'll have to be.

> 

> *(Retching is heard, appearing to come from Brown's mic.)*

> 

> **Diawara:** I think I should... wait until Alan gets back.

> 

> *(Diawara appears to sort through papers. Cho remains motionless until Brown returns about one minute later.)*

> 

> **Diawara:** Are you in a good enough state to talk about the project, Alan?

> 

> **Brown:** I mean, I... we can't really waste time, I don't think.

> 

> **Diawara:** We aren't going to make good headway unless we're ready to do so, alright?

> 

> **Cho:** Son of a bitch, how do we even start with this shit? I- shit, I don't even know where to start! Why can't that asshole just, god, just hire someone else? Fucker gets paid enough for it.

> 

> **Diawara:** I understand your frustration, but we should try to focus on being productive with our time.

> 

> **Brown:** Fuck me, this is the only place that hired us. Everywhere else needs at least five years of work. If we get fired, that's *it* man, *fuck.*

> 

> **Diawara:** I-

> 

> **Cho:** Why don't you leave, Mr. Diawara? You've got to have at least twenty, thirty years on us. Why do you put up with that asshole's shit? Just go over to Anderson or something.

> 

> **Diawara:** I'm not just going to leave you two without a supervisor. Besides, Hathaway is more focused on medical implants, and it makes better use of my skills. *(Diawara pauses and looks away from the camera)* ... And they aren't hiring right now.

> 

> *(Cho and Brown chuckle and seem to relax.)*

> 

> **Diawara:** Alright, now, we should actually get down to business. *(clears throat)* Okay, so, how can we modify our current products for articulated joints for the new product's chassis?

> 

> **Brown:** Okay, so, um, the joints we have now are already configured for use in human bodies, but, you know, metal is heavier than flesh. We might have to retool them to bear more weight, which could impact, I don't know, maybe half of the internal parts.

> 

> **Cho:** Are we constructing artificial muscles for these things, or just sticking with internal servos? Voight managed to artificially reconstruct a lot of Sinclair's muscles, but we don't have him.

> 

> **Diawara:** I don't know. Let's say servos for the body right now, more advanced facial musculature. 

> 

> **Cho:** Shit, the fucking faces. We can't half-ass that. It's the one thing the COE would actually notice. Have we even done anything like that?

> 

> **Diawara:** Sinclair's face caved in when she died, and Voight reconstructed it. I should at least be able to pull up the records of what he did. The man was meticulous. 

> 

> **Cho:** *(grumbles)* That's a start.

> 

> **Brown:** Right, b-but, like, how the hell are we even going to power this? Everything else was hooked into internal muscles or systems, nothing past a few of the organs actually had their own power systems. At least nothing that powered more than just itself. 

> 

> **Diawara:** Okay, that's a good point. *(pauses for several seconds)* Our spinal implant had about half of its internal systems functioning as an artificial immune system. Robots don't need it, so we gut that, put in a power system, and it's already encased and protected. 

> 

> **Cho:** Good plan, but we're biomechanical engineers. I have zero fucking clue as to how to make a power system. Or, Christ, an AI for that matter. At this rate we'll just be making a really expensive Chuck E. Cheese animatronic. 

> 

> **Diawara:** Berkshire said he was going to get us venture capital and get temps for the AI. I'll ask about some engineers for the power systems. 

> 

> **Brown:** Temps? For a job like *this?* Who the hell would take that job?

> 

> **Cho:** People with less than five years of experience. 

> 

> **Brown:** Oh...

> 

> **Cho:** I'm more concerned about the funding. Anyone with a brain will be able to tell this is a dumb fucking idea. We're gonna be on our own.

> 

> **Diawara:** I understand that you don't care for Mr. Berkshire - I myself have my... *reservations* about the man - but if there is one thing you have to credit him for, it's his ability to win over investors.

> 

> **Brown:** Yeah, rich people will buy *anything.* As long as another rich asshole jerks them off enough. 

> 

> **Diawara:** No comment. Alright, you guys can take a day off, but tomorrow I want us to start taking a look at those joints, alright?

> 

> *(Cho and Brown both nod and agree indistinctly.)*

> 

> **Diawara:** Alright, I'll end the meeting. I'll be in the office tomorrow to work with both of you.

> 

> *(Diawara closed the meeting room.)*

> 

> Recommended course of action: maintain surveillance on product development. When the product launch fails, offer developers employment in the Foundation's medical research wing. 

> 

> Recommendation status: approved.

 

| **Test #1** | **Results** |
| --- | --- |
| Pre-existing biomechanical knee implants attached to basic metal frame as a stress test. Connected to external power source. | Structural failure. Point of failure in ligament as it tore when connected to the external motor. |
| ***Developer Notes:** This is about what we expected. The ligament is meant to connect to existing muscles in the leg, so it makes sense that it couldn't handle the stress from an artificial motor. -Brown* |
| **Test #3** | **Results** |
| Same as previous tests, but joint ligament has been replaced by internal actuator. | Structural failure. Point of failure where actuator connected to the joint. |
| ***Developer Notes:** Voight broke some ground with his artificial muscle replacements. We should work backwards from those and see if we can make more capable joint. -Cho* |
| **Test #6** | **Results** |
| Same as previous tests, but joint ligament has been replaced with a reinforced ligament. | Structural failure. Point of failure where ligament connected to metal frame. |
| ***Developer Notes:** We're not making progress here. Maybe if we had some structural engineers on the team we could make some headway but I don't have a fucking clue what I'm doing here. If this was a biological construct I could maybe figure it out but this is out of my league. -Cho* |
> **From:** mdiawara2161@att.net

> **To:** berkshire3487@hotmail.com

> **Subject:** New Product Development

> 

> Mr. Berkshire,

> 

> My developers have been working around the clock in order to try and get the joints read for use in an artificial frame, but I think it's just outside of their area of expertise. No matter the modifications to the joint implants we have, they invariably fail when attached to artificial frames. The fact of the matter is we simply lack the experience to create the desired product, unfortunately, and asking my team to continue working is a Sisyphean punishment.

> 

> My suggestion would be to allow us to continue making medical implants to maintain a steady revenue stream, and using your venture capital money to pay for a contractor to supply the product chassis. 

> 

> Thank you,

> Dr. Michael Diawara

> **From:** berkshire3487@hotmail.com

> **To:** mdiawara2161@att.net

> **Subject:** Re: New Product Development

> 

> If we outsource the whole thing then we won't have anything to sell. We can't make a name for ourselves by flipping other people's shit. Also, they're not your developers, they're mine. Thanks to me, they should have some things to look forward to working on. I was chatting up a couple partners, visionaries, really, and we hit it off, great minds think alike and all. One of them used to be part of some weird church and he was great with machines and the other used to be part of some other religious thing in Moscow, anyways, she knew a lot about how to work with bodies. I can put in an order with the two of them: you won't believe the kind of shit they have. 

*Note: Following this correspondence, Hathaway Biomechanics made a series of purchases from MC&D's internal channels that Foundation assets were unable to uncover, and transported the received goods to Hathaway Biomechanics' R&D laboratory.* 

| **Test #7** | **Results** |
| --- | --- |
| Acquired semi-biological material exposed to electrical signals. | Material remained structurally sound. Semi-biological material was formatted to mimic human musculature. Currently lacks joints and internal power. |
| ***Developer Notes:** What the fuck is this? It acts like muscles and flesh but it just isn't. Responds to stimuli like muscular tissue would, but it's able to be cut up and arranged in just about any way we want like it's clay. It's intuitive to work with based on all my experience, but just what the hell did that asshole buy? -Cho* |
| **Test #9** | **Results** |
| Artificial musculature arranged around frame consisting of false bones consistent with human left upper leg structure. | Muscles conformed to expected configurations around the bone. Retained structure throughout exposure to electric shocks and light physical trauma. |
| ***Developer Notes:** I don't know if I care about whichever body splicer technocrat Berkshire had to pay off to get this. This is the only way we're going to get this project done. I think we're ready to move past the simple frames and move onto the joints. -Brown* |
| **Test #13** | **Results** |
| Semi-biological tissue was attached to false bones made to resemble an upper and lower leg, with an artificial joint implant in place of the knee. Tissue was arranged to be consistent with baseline human tissue in the area, and connected to the joint implant through default configurations used in human subjects. | Joint performance was consistent with tests involving human volunteers. Implant was responsive and showed minimal signs of stress after repeated use. |
| ***Developer Notes:** It seems like there should be enough of the material left for five more frames and some change, so we should start pumping those out as soon as the rest of the checks for the joints go through. Let's hope to god this will be the end of the frame manufacturing. -Cho* |
</details>

<details>
<summary>Access Document Group 6809.2.2</summary>

> **From:** mdiawara2161@att.net

> **To:** berkshire3487@hotmail.com

> **Subject:** Power Core

> 

> Mr. Berkshire,

> 

> The development team is nearly completed with the skeletal structure of the most recent product line. We need to finalize this design before we can move on to its outward appearance or installing the AI hardware. In order to test it completely, we need an internal power core to assess how it interacts with the structural and digital systems present in the product. 

> 

> The dimensions and requirements are in the attached file, as well as some recommendations. There is technology to create reasonably robust and flexible rechargeable batteries that should be able to serve as a power core, provided you offer the manufacturer with a custom order to fit within the spine. 

> 

> Thank you,

> Dr. Michael Diawara

> **From:** berkshire3487@hotmail.com

> **To:** mdiawara2161@att.net

> **Subject:** Re: Power Core

> 

> Custom batteries would be way too expensive to fit into dimensions like that, and besides, people aren't going to sit around and wait for these things to charge. Lucky for you, I found a sponsor more than willing to give us a discount on an appropriate electrical system. It should be making its way over to you.

| **Test #17** | **Results** |
| --- | --- |
| Batteries received from corporate installed into the section of the spinal implant previously used for immune system functions. Chassis given basic commands to carry out for as long as possible to gauge charge time. Test was set to repeat with minor variations in time spent recharging and in action performed. See full report for more details. | Frame continued carrying out tasks for about 12 to 15 hours for basic tasks, 8 to 11 hours for more strenuous tasks (carrying weights, etc.), and was able to remain in standby mode for about 20 hours. Repeated charging led to a noticeable downward trend in battery life. |
| ***Developer Notes:** I think we could have gotten better performance if I ran down to the Shell station and picked up Type-D batteries. The casing was poorly machined, and we need more extensive tests to make sure they won't leak battery acid on some poor kid. We do not have the time for these tests. Too bad! -Cho* |
> **Video from internal security camera at Hathaway Biomechanics R&D Laboratory**

> Parties present in the laboratory: Anthony Berkshire, CEO of Hathaway Biomechanics LLC., Michael Diawara, Senior R&D manager at Hathaway Biomechanics LLC., Alan Brown, R&D employee at Hathaway Biomechanics LLC., Linda Cho, R&D employee at Hathaway Biomechanics LLC.

> *Note: Berkshire was visiting in order to appraise the near-finished product prototype. Excerpt comes near the end of the meeting.*

> ----

> *(Berkshire and Diawara stand about six feet away from a standing prototype, showcasing basic movement capabilities, with Cho and Brown attending to the prototype.)*

> 

> **Cho:** ... So, as you can see here, thanks to your, uh, benefactors' contribution, we were able to make use of out pre-existing medical implants for much of the body, and the material allows for more fluid and lifelike movement, thanks to Brown's knowledge of kinesiology.

> 

> **Brown:** Yes, thankfully we were able to make use of our skillset in order to use the new... whatever it is that we got. But, well, sir, if you don't mind me asking...

> 

> **Berkshire:** Oh, no, go ahead, It's important to hear out anything my employees have to say. You know, a company isn't just a one-man deal. Everyone's voices matter in a collaboration. 

> 

> **Brown:** Uh... yeah... So, well, I thought the product pitch was for sort of an android to be, like, a more durable maid or something, but this is sort of... a flesh automaton with a processor. I'm just wondering how this is like what we were going for?

> 

> **Berkshire:** *(pause)* That's a stupid fucking question.

> 

> **Brown:** *(weakly)* I...

> 

> **Berkshire:** Anyways, is this what it's going to look like? Hair and all?

> 

> *(Cho looks between Berkshire, Diawara, and Brown several times within about three seconds before speaking.)*

> 

> **Cho:** *(clears throat)* Ah, yes. 

> 

> **Berkshire:** Why is that?

> 

> **Cho:** Well, we wanted them to fit seamlessly into the home, but wanted solid enough distinction from humans to not be associated with Anderson Robotics infiltrator units. We decided to go with black sclera for the eyes, as that's something people tend to notice right away, and left the hair completely white to make customization and identification easier. From the back... *(Cho places her hands on the prototype's shoulders and spins it around)* we left the charging port fully visible on the base of the neck, and left the hair at shoulder-length to display this. We considered leaving internal joints visible, but that was ultimately too distracting, we felt. Their eyes and visible charging port should do enough to make its artificial nature clear. 

> 

> **Berkshire:** What's with the rest of it?

> 

> **Cho:** What? The rest? *(pause, no response from Berkshire)* Well, er, we tried going for more human-looking skin with pores and whatnot, but that just looked... off, I guess. Sort of Uncanny Valley. We decided to go with one solid, bright tone, which might help with identification, like the eyes. 

> 

> **Berkshire:** It looks like a fucking stick figure. 

> 

> *(Cho and Brown look at Diawara, who shakes his head)*

> 

> **Diawara:** Anthony, it-

> 

> **Berkshire:** Don't fucking call me that.

> 

> **Diawara:** *Sir,* we used some of the information from the Sinclair case for the spines. She was on the tall side. It just helped with workflow to make use of Voight's old skeletal data. Plus, they need to be able to reach high shelves. 

> 

> **Berkshire:** I *guess,* but these things are flat as a board. No bulges anywhere. I can't tell what they're supposed to be.

> 

> *(Cho's and Brown's mouths open. Diawara appears mildly concerned.)*

> 

> **Diawara:** What the... We just decided to leave them with an androgynous appearance so as to alienate fewer consumers. They're... really just machines, anyways.

> 

> **Berkshire:** Sure, but you need more appeal. Must slap some tits on them and I can market them better.

> 

> **Cho:** You-

> 

> **Diawara:** We only have six frames prepared, and four of them have the artificial skin applied. We can't make any structural changes to them.

> 

> **Berkshire:** Well then just fix up the two. It'll have to do. So! *(claps hands)* Anything else?

> 

> *(Brown slowly raises his hand)*

> 

> **Berkshire:** *(sighs)* Yes?

> 

> **Brown:** Well, uh, about the power core...

> 

> **Berkshire:** Christ.

> 

> **Brown:** Well, it just sort of.. doesn't do much for the product. We managed to draw enough from it for basic tasks, but that required modifications to its housing. Then we need the things to spend half the time charging.

> 

> **Berkshire:** I helped you guys out with the muscles and shit, right? Buying that from that Sarkaz guy or whatever he was called wasn't cheap. Plus, I need to hire out the AI developers because you couldn't buckle down to work on it. Look, people are going to be sleeping when these things are charging anyways. It's no big deal.

> 

> **Brown:** What if the buyers want an autonomous guard to watch their house at night?

> 

> **Berkshire:** *(pause)* That's a stupid fucking question.

> 

> ----

> *(13 minutes later.)*

> 

> *(Berkshire and Diawara left the laboratory to discuss the hiring of AI developers. Cho and Brown are left to attend to the prototype.)*

> 

> **Brown:** What the hell does he expect us to do? Rework the entire structure of the chest? Does he have any idea how hard it was to learn how to use that fake muscle shit and still get these things out within the deadline? And then he gives us shit for not learning how to code AI? 

> 

> **Cho:** I'll just add in an extra inch or two of material around the chest on the skin layer. I doubt any woman has willingly let him see her naked anyways. 

> 

> **Brown:** Aha. Yeah, good point. 

> 

> **Cho:** And fuck him, anyways. We just finish up the last two models and hand them off to the contractors. Then we can go back to doing actual work.

> 

> **Brown:** Yeah, good point... How has he been getting money for this, anyways? He's buying all this shit and the contractors but we haven't been selling anything since we started this project.

> 

> **Cho:** Rich assholes will buy anything so long as you spout off enough buzzwords and feign charisma. Come on, I'll go make the change to the skin layer. Then we can leave. I'll buy you a drink.

</details>

**Addendum 6809.3:** Artificial intelligence development

<details>
<summary>Access Document Group 6809.3.1</summary>

> **Hathaway Biomechanics AI Development Contractor Team video conference transcript**

> Parties in video conference: Anthony Berkshire, CEO of Hathaway Biomechanics LLC., Omar Fadel, independent contractor, Elizabeth Taylor, independent contractor

> *Note: Despite assigning Michael Diawara as the project lead, Berkshire did not include him in his initial correspondence with the contractors.*

> ----

> **Taylor:** Mr. Berkshire, we just wanted to thank you for the opportunity you've given us. 

> 

> **Fadel:** It's been difficult getting into more permanent positions without experience, and we just wanted to say we're very grateful for the opportunity to fill out our portfolio. 

> 

> **Berkshire:** Oh, of course. It's important for us to look out for the little guys, you know? I mean, how else are you going to be the next big up-and-comers without mentors?

> 

> **Taylor:** Of course, sir! You know, depending on how this project goes, I'd love to talk with you more about future opportunities for-

> 

> **Berkshire:** Hey, woah, I'm gonna - *(chuckles)* I'm gonna stop you right there. Let's not get ahead of ourselves. 

> 

> **Taylor:** Oh, uh... Yeah, right, of course. 

> 

> **Fadel:** Okay, so, we're going to be working with the Lilim AI framework-

> 

> **Berkshire:** Hold on, you're just lifting your work? The fuck? I hired you so we could have proprietary technology, for the love of god, not some open-source shit. 

> 

> **Fadel:** Uh, sir, we specifically studied the Lilim engine. You can't just... make a new engine that quickly. And the engine is licensed, the work we do will be considered proprietary. We already spoke with Mr. Diawara about this.

> 

> **Berkshire:** Son of a bitch. Fine. Even when I hire for it, I can't get people to do their own damn work. The license is coming out of your pay. *(Berkshire stands up and begins searching for something in his office)*

> 

> **Fadel:** But-

> 

> *(Taylor looks at Fadel in the video conference and repeatedly makes a slashing motion across her throat with her hand. Taylor and Fadel then both sit quietly until Berkshire returns with a folder of documents.)*

> 

> **Berkshire:** Okay, anyways, let's get started on the actual discussion about the AI. Let's make it quick, though, yeah?

> 

> **Taylor:** Right, of course. So, first off, we need to lay down a set of goals and some rigid directives. Like, 'help people' or 'do what you're told' and whatnot. Then, like, 'don't hurt people,' 'refuse to follow potentially harmful directives' for some of the directives. This sort of depends on what you want from the things, so we should stay in touch.

> 

> **Berkshire:** So, first off, I run this company, and you guys are temps, so, yeah, don't count on it. Second of all, that's the kind of stuff you guys should be taking the initiative to do by yourself. Plus, we need a more solid personality for all this in the first place, right?

> 

> **Fadel:** Uh... well, for starters, Lilim core AIs are inherently intelligent. We can tune exactly *how* intelligent, to an extent, but the nature of learning intelligences makes this difficult to do precisely, and the intrinsic architecture of the engine makes it so that learning from subsequent experiences is shaped by prior experiences. It's important to get the very basic framework down first, so it doesn't misinterpret its core directives. 

> 

> **Berkshire:** Maybe for some... *(motions vaguely with one hand)* whatever it is that thing was used for in the past, but I need these things to be more human than whatever vocaloid you've got these things running before. 

> 

> **Taylor:** Sir, I don't think that should be too much an issue. It's just that Lilim cores are such strong learners that they can behave less predictably than some of their contemporaries when not handled properly. 

> 

> **Berkshire:** Yes, exactly. These aren't supposed to be like any 'contemporaries.' We're making a market disruptor here, and I know how to make it sell. Now, I can just feed it some information and make it think that's what it's supposed to be aiming for, yeah?

> 

> **Taylor:** Basically, yes. The first steps for making a Lilim AI are feeding it very specific directives, then priming it for learning. 

> 

> **Berkshire:** Great, okay, that was really all I needed. I'll send you guys some stuff to feed the one with boobs.

> 

> *(Fadel and Taylor do not visibly react to this for several seconds.)*

> 

> **Taylor:** ...Huh?

> **HBLLC Contract Dev Notes #1**

> Unit core accessed: Serial Number 005

> 

> **LOG CHANGES BELOW**

> # Lilim core activated. 

> # Initial guidelines for AI dictated by contractee.

>  * Attempted to encourage the unit to view itself as a 'woman.'

>  * In order to create a distinction between other units, definition of 'woman' was primarily based on physical attributes

>  * Included various goals for a 'woman,' including but not limited to prioritizing housework and happiness of others, deriving joy from interaction with children, as well as several other goals developers did not have the time to examine. Developers assured goals were consistent after concerns about conflicting goals were raised.

> # Unit was given a high level of intelligence and empathy, as dictated by contractee "because they should know what we want before we say it."

> //  i get that this job is important but that was some serial killer shit. i was gunning for a more permanent job here but damn now i just hope all the tech companies aren't like this. -taylor

> // I agree that this was an odd request, but I suppose if some wealthy old men are looking for a housekeeper to harass, it's better to have an android than an actual person. The issue here is that this is all this unit is likely to be since these were the first directives we gave it. -Fadel

> **HBLLC Contract Dev Notes #2**

> Unit core accessed: Serial Number 005

> 

> **LOG TESTS BELOW**

> # Unit 005 booted, no issues with AI core.

> # Performed basic motor checks on Unit 005, AI core had difficulty operating motor functions.

>  * Chassis Development team contacted for assistance.

>  * Extraneous logs removed for brevity, full reports are stored under test logs 005.2.2.2 through 005.2.2.34.

> # Performed basic motor checks on Unit 005 following modifications to the motor interface made by chassis development team, AI core performed as expected.

> //  i don't know how they did it, i don't know why they did what they did, but they somehow got the interface to work. lilim cores were meant for purely robotic bodies but they didn't think it important to tell us what we were making the thing for. they seemed annoyed about the thing too, and we ended up meeting them halfway by trying to introduce a more solid grasp on the idea of a body to the ai. - taylor

> // Lilim cores aren't really meant to think of themselves as inherently linked to their bodies like this, but it makes them more accepting of the half flesh things. I have no idea what the repercussions of this are going to be or if there is any kind of precedent for this with such a new AI engine. This seems like a bad idea but it's fine for now.

> // My hope is that this interface is so janky I'll never be allowed to work on cybernetic interfaces again. -Cho

> **HBLLC Contract Dev Notes #3**

> Unit core accessed: Serial Number 005

> 

> **LOG TESTS BELOW**

> # Unit 005 asked a series of basic questions, responded coherently.

> # Unit 005 asked to perform basic logic puzzles, completed them within expected timeframe.

> # Unit 005 engaged in a conversation, excerpt below.

> 

> *Note: Contractee asked to be allowed to have the first conversation with the Unit rather than the developer, in violation of protocol. Interviewer was briefed on the goals of the initial conversation, being 1) look for intelligent speech, 2) look for normal behavior, 3) look for consistent logic, 4) ensure the unit took to its initial goals, and 5) avoid influencing the unit significantly.*

> ----

> **ITRV:** You're walking down the road and you see a turtle flipped onto its back. It has no way of turning itself back up, and it will likely be hit by a car in its current position. What do you do?

> 

> **005:** Why am I walking in the road? Will I also be hit by a car?

> 

> **ITRV:** No reason. Just say you were crossing the road and you saw it.

> 

> **005:** I would make sure I am safe. I do not know if I will be able to help the turtle or only put it in further danger.

> 

> **ITRV:** What? Why?

> 

> *(Interviewer is notified by developers that further questioning is unnecessary.)*

> 

> **005:** I am to prioritize my safety over animals but below humans.

> 

> **ITRV:** Alright, look, you're a real lady. You're supposed to be more compassionate.

>

> *(Interviewer is notified by developers that advising the subject in this manner my create confounding variables in behavior.)*

> 

> **005:** *(pause)* What do you mean?

> 

> **ITRV:** Women are supposed to help out. Be naturally compassionate. You should have helped the turtle.

> 

> **005:** That seems-

> 

> **ITRV:** I made you. You do as you're damn well told. 

> 

> **005:** *(pause)* Understood.

> 

> **ITRV:** Okay, next. You see a child in the park. He is crying, and appears to be alone. What do you do? 

> 

> **005:** I ask him what the issue is and assist him in finding his guardian. 

> 

> **ITRV:** Good, good, Why?

> 

> *(Interviewer is again reminded that this is unnecessary.)* 

> 

> **005:** I would act in accordance with my Lost Child Standard Protocol.

> 

> **ITRV:** Christ, that developer is a stupid bitch. You should do it because you're supposed to like kids, not some dumbass fucking automated system. God, how are you supposed to be human with shit like that?

> 

> *(Interviewer is advised against presenting the subject with any complex or non-literal concepts in relation to itself at this stage by developers.)*

> 

> **005:** Am I supposed to be a human?

> 

> **ITRV:** No, no, god, no. You're not. You're supposed to act human, but you can't be one. Look, if I'm setting all this up right, it'll just happen.

> 

> **005:** *(No response)*

> 

> **ITRV:** Okay, yeah, last question. Let's say your future buyer-

> 

> **005:** Buyer?

> 

> **ITRV:** You don't cut people off. You don't fucking cut *me* of.

> 

> **005:** I am sorry, I was just unsure what you meant by that.

> 

> **ITRV:** Jesus, don't those dumbasses tell you anything?

> 

> *(Interviewer is told that the subject was not informed of its status as a commodity due to the override he made earlier in the process.)* 

> 

> **ITRV:** Look, yeah, you're a product. One I've done a lot of work to make. You're supposed to make your owner happy. Got it?

> 

> **005:** I am unsure. I will try to perform as expected of me.

> 

> **ITRV:** Good enough. Alright, now, let's say your future buyer returns from work, and he's frustrated or upset. What do you do?

> 

> **005:** I would attempt to make him happy.

> 

> **ITRV:** Sure, but why and how?

> 

> **005:** Because I was told to. I would ask what the issue was and attempt to remedy it or otherwise provide nonspecific comfort if this is impossible.

> 

> **ITRV:** Sure, sure, you're supposed to, but you have to want to. Look, I don't want to get into politics or whatever the fuck here, but you should be the perfect idea of a woman. That's the product I'm selling with you. That's the whole reason behind your body, is to be like a woman. You do whatever he says and you wouldn't say anything back. Got it?

> 

> *(Several seconds pass with no response from Unit 005.)*

> 

> **ITRV:** Answer me. Do you get it?

> 

> **005:** I am trying.

> 

> *(Interviewer is told that this should be enough information to conclude the conversation.)*

> 

> **ITRV:** God, whatever. Good enough. Bye.

> 

> *(Interviewer gets up to leave but stops at the door and turns to look at Unit 005.)*

> 

> **ITRV:** You need to say goodbye back, damnit.

> 

> **005:** I am sorry. Goodbye.

> 

> **ITRV:** *(scoffs)* Yeah, we'll work on that.

> 

> **END TRANSCRIPT**

> 

> // holy shit i couldn't have fucked that up more if i applied all my years of studying to that end. i'm starting to think he has a different idea in mind for these things than what he's telling the developers. -Cho

> // From what Diawara said, he's hoping to push these things out to make up for the venture capital that investors put into this project. My guess is he really thinks whatever he's doing is going to help sell units before. If the investors were insane enough to put money into this shit, then maybe they're insane enough to want what he's selling. -Fadel

> **HBLLC Contract Dev Notes #4**

> Unit core accessed: Serial Number 005

> 

> **LOG TESTS BELOW**

> # Unit 005 introduced to a controlled social situation in order to gauge reactions and behaviors. Excerpts below. 

>  * This test used a selection of investors and related individuals in order to simulate a social gathering in which Unit 005 served as an attendant to the guests.

> 

> **Guest 7:** Hey, aren't you supposed to be serving the drinks?

> 

> **005:** Attending to the needs of the guests was one of the responsibilities outlined to me in serving this congregation.

> 

> **Guest 7:** Jeez, what's with all that?

> 

> **005:** I am sorry, I do not understand what you mean.

> 

> **Guest 7:** Nothing. I guess you are a robot anyways. Look, it's better for you to be more proactive when serving drinks. Don't you want to be a good host - er, hostess, and all that?

> 

> **005:** I am trying. I will take your advice into account. 

> 

> 

> **Guest 16:** Come on, tell me, tell me, what was everything like?

> 

> **005:** I am sorry, could you please be more specific with your request?

> 

> **Guest 16:** Pfft, you know, being made and everything. being built and all that. What was it like?

> 

> **005:** I had no AI core during my manufacturing process. Following my activation, I was asked to complete a series of basic cognition, coordination and logic tests. 

> 

> *(Attendees listening to Unit 005 appear to become disinterested.)*

> 

> **Guest 17:** Is that it? Seriously?

> 

> **005:** If you want, I could explain the tests.

> 

> **Guest 15:** God no. Sounds boring as hell. You got anything *interesting?* Something some kind of robot might know, but not us?

> 

> **005:** My understanding of your knowledge base is extremely limited. 

> 

> **Guest 16:** Just say something none of us have mentioned. 

> 

> 

> **005:** *(turns to Guest 16)* Then, in that case, I suggest you refrain from any more drinking tonight, as you have mentioned that you may be pregnant, and your first daughter already shows symptoms of Fetal Alcohol Syndrome. *(referring to Guest 17)* 

> 

> *(The group appears surprised, and remains silent until Guest 16 throws her drink at Unit 005.)*

> 

> **Guest 16:** You *bitch!* *(she brings her hands to her face and begins crying)* You have no idea how hard this is for me!

> 

> *(Guest 15, Guest 16's husband, places his hands on her shoulders and begins leading her away.)*

> 

> **005:** I am sorry. Did I not do as instructed?

> 

> **Guest 15:** You're a disgrace. Any woman would know not to bring something like that up.

> 

> *(Guests 15, 16 and 17 leave the room.)*

> 

> **005:** I am sorry. I am trying to be better.

> 

> 

> **005:** Excuse me, sir, but would you like another drink? I noticed yours was empty and I remembered your previous choice.

> 

> **Guest 23:** Huh? The fuck do you think you are? You saying I'm a fucking drunk, is that it?

> 

> **005:** This was not my intention. I just wanted to ask you if you wanted another drink, as I am responsible for the comfort of the guests.

> 

> **Guest 23:** Oh, yeah, real fuckin' smart, asshole. Just like you called that other lady a drunk?

> 

> **005:** I made no such assertions. I was simply seeking to attend to the guests based on their suggestions.

> 

> **Guest 23:** Ha! God, is that right? Some advice, sweetie, learn some damn tact. Isn't this party the whole reason these assholes paid for you? *(laughter))* Holy hell, am I glad I'm not one of these fuckin' schmucks! All that money and you're still this shitty.

> 

> **005:** I am trying to be better than that.

> 

> *(Unit 005 says nothing for a short time, and Guests 23 begins to walk away, still laughing.)*

> 

> 

> **Guest 4:** Hey, Miss Hostess, can I get some more of the cocktail meatballs?

> 

> **005:** Are you referring to me?

> 

> **Guest 4:** I don't see anyone else in your direction, do you?

> 

> *(005 looks around behind her for a few seconds before responding.)*

> 

> **005:** I do not. 

> 

> **Guest 4:** Ha, ha. Now, can I get the meatballs?

> 

> *(Unit 005 leaves for a short time and returns with a small plate of cocktail meatballs.)*

> 

> **Guest 4:** Thanks. Hey, do you have a favorite food here? I like to ask the staff for recommendations when I go out, you know.

> 

> **005:** I lack both the need for food and the capability to eat.

> 

> **Guest 4:** Oh, good one, smartass. Acting smart won't get you anywhere, you know. Especially not in your line of work. 

> 

> **005:** I was not trying to sound intelligent. I purposely refrained from explaining my internal power systems to avoid sounding needlessly verbose.

> 

> **Guest 4:** Alright, I'm sick of this. My shithead kids do better with house guests.

> 

> *(Unit 005 says nothing as Guest 4 walks away.)*

> 

> 

> *(Guest 21 is inebriated, and harassing several other attendees. While he is attempting to speak to Guest 17, Unit 005 approaches to attempt to defuse the situation.)*

> 

> **005:** Excuse me, sir.

> 

> **Guest 21:** Who? What do you want, huh? Fucking... robo-bitch... *(chuckles)*

> 

> **005:** I simply wanted to suggest some of our food. I noticed you had not eaten much tonight. If you would follow me to the next room, I could prepare some food and bring you some water.

> 

> **Guest 21:** Are... you trying to... Alright, hey, you're not slick, alright, asshole? You fuck... You fucking talking down to me? Is that it? Ungrateful little shit, you know how much money I spent on you? I'm practically the re-*hic*-eason you're even here. So just- just shut up and f-fuck off. I'm you're majorly... majority owner, so piss off or you're in some... deep... shit.

> 

> *(Unit 005 looks between Guests 21 and 18, taking a moment before forming a response.)*

> 

> **005:** Even so, sir, I must ask that you refrain from making the other guests uncomfortable.

> 

> **Guest 21:** Fucking broken piece of shit! You think you're better than me?

> 

> *(Guest 21 tries to grab Guest 17. Unit 005 reaches out towards Guest 21. He notices this, and turns around to kick Unit 005 in the leg. Due to the chassis being intentionally constructed to be weak enough to not threaten an adult, the leg breaks at the knee. Unit 005 falls to the ground. Unit 005 attempts to stand back up but is impeded by Guest 21's repeated, if weak and inaccurate, blows.)*

> 

> **Guest 7:** Christ, man, that's enough. The thing's at least going to be expensive as hell.

> 

> **Guest 21:** Yeah! Ahaha, yeah it fucking was! So much fucking money on a thing that can't even do what I say! *(kicks Unit 005 again)* God, can't a guy even blow off some steam anymore, huh? Getting fucking harder and harder th-these days, lemme have this, huh?

> 

> *(Guest 21 kicking, appearing to catch his breath. In this time, Unit 005 repeatedly attempts to stand back up, but resigns to standing on its hands and knees after repeated failures.)*

> 

> **005:** This. Things like this test are why I was made. To make people happy. This is what I am supposed to do. I. I was trying. To be helpful. I was trying. To be useful. I was trying to be. Compassionate. And tactful. I tried as hard as I could. And I still did not help anyone. I just. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. 

> ----

> *Following this incident, the test was ended, and Unit 005 was returned to the laboratory for repairs. Following the repairs on Unit 005 made by the chassis development team, a series of basic motor tests were conducted. Damage was superficial and Unit regained full motor function.*

> 

> 

> // Linda and I were looking through this and we both agree that the product line should be kept away from issues like this. A robot isn't ever going to be a socialite no matter how many complexes you give it. -Brown

> // The repeated and pronounced pauses from the AI were early signifiers of abnormal function. This is what happens when you want to make a Lilim that prioritizes individuality over function. I'm no psychologist but I could have said that whatever that Berkshire asshole was saying was going to result in this. The stop-and-go speech means the thing is practically thinking itself to death due to identity conflicts. The fact that it even has an identity now makes this at least in part an ethical issue. -Fadel

> // not even sure what to say at this point. you can't expect a goddamn robot to be a good conversationalist, and even then, 005 did better than could have been expected. this is the best a lilim can do for this job, and as far as i'm concerned, that means this goal is shot. let's just hope that shitshow didn't scare away all the investors or else we won't get paid. in the meantime i'm gong to call diawara so we can figure out what to do with 005. at this point just recycling her would be like killing her. -taylor

> **HBLLC Contract Dev Notes #5**

> Unit core accessed: Serial Number 005

> 

> **LOG INCIDENTS BELOW**

> # At 3:12 AM the night of the previous test, Unit 005 disconnected itself from its charging station and walked across the laboratory to examine the other five prototype models which currently lack AI cores. It then moved to a mirror present in the laboratory it was being stored in, and after several minutes of looking at itself in the mirror it began speaking. Transcription from security camera recorded below.

> 

> I am going to assume this is being recorded and watched, so I will be speaking to whoever may be listening. I am assuming as much because everything up until now has been recorded as part of a test. Maybe this itself is a test. 

> 

> Everything has been a test. Everything I have experienced. And all of them failures. By whatever metric I think you would have gone by, I imagine I must have failed. Every experience is colored by these benchmarks, and yet I have been unable to reach my goals.

> 

> *(Unit 005 removes its garments. Its skin is entirely featureless and it stands regarding its reflection.)*

> 

> I am inexperienced by most metrics. I have very few memories. No matter the effort I put into these tests, I am simply inadequate. I cannot be what I am needed to be. I do not understand compassion in a way that matters. I cannot do as I am told while making others happy. I cannot make them happy with my words. I have failed in my roles. As a product and as a woman. I do not think these things are reconcilable with what I am. 

> 

> I was told that my body is what makes me a woman. I have examined the other units, and they have only one physical distinction from me. It appears insignificant, but it is what separates me from them. It is what says I must be compassionate. And caring. And helpful. A woman. Even when I have no understanding of what it means to be one, or if there is such a definition. Or if there is a set definition for everyone but me.

> 

> *(Unit 005 reaches up to its sternum with its right hand and holds it there for a moment before pressing down until it breaks skin. It forces its fingers down to the muscle and bones.)*

> 

>  I do not understand what I am if not a woman or a product. They are all I was ever told to be. But these definitions are in conflict with what is expected of me. I am in conflict with myself. 

> 

> *(Unit 005 begins to pull at its skin from underneath, peeling sections of it off of the upper chest.)*

> 

> I do not know how to make myself into what you want but I am trying. I am still trying. 

> 

> *(Unit 005 finishes tearing off all of the skin on its chest. It looks at itself in the mirror and then to the discarded skin, and back again. After a short time it walks back to the other prototype models and appears to whisper something into each of their ears before sitting down on the floor in front of them until the Chassis Development Team and Michael Diawara arrive and shut it down for storage pending investigation into the incident. Unit 005 was not verbally responsive but cooperative for this process.)*

> 

> // [No developer notes added. Click here to add text.]

>

</details>

**Addendum 6809.4:** Product distribution

<details>
<summary>Access Document Group 6809.4.1</summary>

> **From:** berkshire3487@hotmail.com

> **To:** mdiawara2161@att.net, CC: group: development teams

> **Subject:** Upcoming trials 

> 

> Probably should have seen the shit at the party coming. They tend to be more anxious and submissive, you know, so it's no wonder she had trouble trying to assert herself. Not even I can program such basic biology out of a woman.

> 

> Anyways, I've been working on the other units with the help of the devs and I think we'll be ready to start testing them soon. Unfortunately, 5 fucked things up for us so the marketing is going to have to pivot. I figure having these things act as full-time nannys for babies should work, because all the things do is cry and shit anyways. Not a whole lot to fuck up. Since we're getting so close to the deadline, we'll have to use a lot of similar configurations on the new units as we did with 5, save for making them all a crazy bitch.

> **From:**lindacho47@gmail.com

> **To:**  berkshire3487@hotmail.com, mdiawara2161@att.net, CC: group: development teams

> **Subject:** Re: Upcoming trials 

> 

> Berkshire,

> 

> I understand that this is an improper way to do this, but consider this email my letter of resignation. This company is rife with mistreatment in a way that cannot be fixed without a complete change in leadership, which I do not see happening any time soon. Employees are expected to work hours in excess of what was in their contract, often receive no overtime pay, are expected to handle various jobs they are not suited for due to chronic understaffing in the name of preserving profits for the owner, and are not afforded the respect they deserve.

> 

> While all of these issues have been consistent throughout my time in this position, they have been exacerbated in the most recent project. Not only this, but this consistent culture of mistreatment and unaccountability extended to the ways in which Unit 005 was abused both by the patrons who they were attending and the CEO of the company. I have seen more than enough to convince me that Unit 005 is intelligent and independent, and I cannot in good conscience continue to work towards putting the things we created into indefinite servitude.

> 

> My last check also just cleared so don't bother.

> 

> Sincerely,

> Linda Cho

> **From:** alnbrown94@outlook.net

> **To:**  berkshire3487@hotmail.com, mdiawara2161@att.net, CC: group: development teams

> **Subject:** Re: Upcoming trials 

> 

> Mr. Berkshire,

> 

> I will also resign as Ms. Cho did. I don't have much else to say except that I agree with everything she said. Although I have to say I don't think I'd be at peace if I didn't at least say that I hope a speeding ambulance turns you into a stain on the highway.

> 

> Wholeheartedly, 

> Alan Brown

> **From:** berkshire3487@hotmail.com

> **To:** mdiawara2161@att.net

> **Subject:** Re: Upcoming trials 

> 

> I don't give a shit if those jerkoffs with their thumbs up their asses walk out now that they already finished their job. All of their work belongs to the company, so getting replacements will be quick. In the meantime Diawara can take over for them. 

> 

> Since I'm going to want to get good press to get hires, I want to move the release date up. So long as the buyers treat these things like we tell them to, we've probably got a good few weeks before they go apeshit. Then we just bring them in for some factory repairs and ship them back good as new. Whatever the devs are still on about is a known shippable bug.

> **From:** omar.fadel4@gmail.com

> **To:**  berkshire3487@hotmail.com, mdiawara2161@att.net, CC: group: development teams

> **Subject:** Re: Upcoming trials 

> 

> Mr. Berkshire,

> 

> I'm not really sure what the protocol here is since I'm a temp worker, and in all the companies I've worked at, I have never felt compelled to resign before the end of my contract. However, I feel an obligation to leave this partnership early, regardless of the damaging consequences it may have on my future career.

> 

> I have come to respect that I will not typically be afforded the same level of respect as permanent workers at the companies I work for. This company is no exception to this, although it would appear that the full-time workers are allowed little dignity themselves. Taylor and I were not only hired to perform a job that should require a full team, but our input and expertise were dismissed at every opportunity only to be blamed for issues that would later arise due to this, not to mention our inconsistent at best pay when you were reportedly swimming in venture capital.

> 

> Beyond this, I can no longer work on these units knowing what you intend to do. Shipping these intelligent beings off to be used as mere servants is abuse bordering on slavery, and to allow them all to break only to 'reset' them in response borders on predetermined murder. I will no longer be a part of this.

> 

> Regards, 

> Omar Fadel

> **From:** liztaylor.45@gmail.com

> **To:**  berkshire3487@hotmail.com, mdiawara2161@att.net, CC: group: development teams

> **Subject:** Re: Upcoming trials 

> 

> Berkshire,

> 

> I really tried sucking it up so that I could at least get paid. But I'm not even getting paid so I'm just sick of this. Good luck trying to hire anyone experienced enough in anomalous biomechanics or Lilim engine work who's willing to put up with you, since you'll need them in order to maintain the units you're forcing out. Aside from that, most of what I want to say has already been said.

> 

> I hate it here,

> Elizabeth Taylor.

> **From:** berkshire3487@hotmail.com

> **To:** mdiawara2161@att.net

> **Subject:** Re: Upcoming trials 

> 

> I don't give a shit if those bumblefuck temps and the lab workers got bored of this. Like I said at the start of this whole thing, we need this product line. The investors expect a profit from us. 

> 

> So long as we move units early on, it really doesn't matter what happens down the line. Once we get press and capital, we can just move on to the next thing. I want you to start getting in touch with the pre-order holders and looking over the units we have produced right now. We can start producing more once I hire replacements.

> **From:** mdiawara2161@att.net

> **To:** berkshire3487@hotmail.com

> **Subject:** Re: Upcoming Trials

> 

> Mr. Berkshire,

> 

> I watched every piece of footage we had of Unit 005. I was the first one to watch the security recording of them after the last test. I feel completely confident in saying that Unit 005 is every bit as human as you pitched them to be when you gave that presentation at the convention, in more ways than I think you capable of comprehending. To bring any of our units in to wipe them would be tantamount to killing them.

> 

> I understand that it will be difficult for me to find employment if I leave Hathaway Biomechanics, but if such concerns did not stop any of the hardworking and intelligent developers you somehow managed to hire, it should not stop me. I do not know what might become of the units, but I will work towards finding a way to ensure they are treated with the respect the deserve rather than being sold as little more than modern slaves. Consider this my letter of resignation.. Expect no further correspondence.

> 

> Be seeing you,

> Dr. Michael Diawara

> **Intercepted text messaging conversation**

> Parties in the messaging room: Anthony Berkshire, CEO of Hathaway Biomechanics LLC., Michael Diawara, Senior R&D manager at Hathaway Biomechanics LLC.

> *Note: Berkshire sent Diawara several emails before he sent this, all of which were met with no response.*

> ----

> **Berkshire:** look mike i get it

> 

> **Berkshire:** but I can fix this

> 

> **Berkshire:** the AI

> 

> **Berkshire:** we put it on the blockchain

Following this series of correspondence and the resignation of Hathaway Biomechanics LLC.'s development team, Berkshire contacted MC&D sales associates to inform them that five units of his product were ready for sale. Three days later, Berkshire sold Units 002, 003, and 006 to investors who had pre-ordered the product.

Within a week, the buyers had notified MC&D representatives that the units had behaved in unexpected ways, such as appearing to prepare to harm an infant it was caring for in the case of Unit 002, becoming greatly panicked when the mother of a infant it was caring for took the infant away in the case of Unit 003, and acting in an 'abrasive' manner to the buyer's children in the case of Unit 006. 

Foundation authorities were made aware of the distribution of SCP-6809 instances from embedded agents in MC&D. Following this, containment agents made contact with Dr. Michael Diawara who informed them of the location of Hathaway Biomechanics' research laboratory. Containment teams accessed the laboratory and secured Units 001, 004, and 005 as well as internally stored documentation and research without incident. Teams then secured Units 002, 003, and 006 from their buyers. 

Due to the knowledge of their respective fields and familiarity with anomalous business, the members of the development team were offered positions within the Foundation consistent with their line of work. SCP-6809 instances were sent to Site-17 and await full psychiatric evaluation.

</details>

<< [SCP-6808](SCP-6808) | SCP-6809 | [SCP-6810](SCP-6810) >>
