**Item #:** SCP-6839

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Armed mobile task forces stationed in East Antarctica are tasked with neutralizing SCP-6839 instances. Currently, members of Mobile Task Force Psi-33 ("Himmler's Housekeepers") are leading containment efforts. Before deployment personnel must wear Third Reich military insignias, and be partially fluent in German. Incendiary munitions are to be used against instances to ensure complete neutralization. If personnel do not possess the necessary munitions, inflicting significant cranial trauma will temporarily suffice in neutralizing an instance until proper disposal.

Civilians are to be redirected away from areas inhabited by SCP-6839 instances. Any sightings reported outside of their known habitation are to be investigated, and unauthorized witnesses are to be administered amnestics. Any evidence taken by civilians such as photographs or videos are to be confiscated. In the event any evidence of SCP-6839 is leaked to the public it is to be dismissed as a hoax.

**Description:** SCP-6839 refers to a species of hostile hominids. Specimens are covered in white fur, and they stand upright with an average height of around 2 m. Their bodies primarily consists of bone, and layers of muscle tissue. Instances do not require sustenance to survive, but they have been observed to ingest organisms for the purpose of assimilating their mass. Therefore, they are considered to be biologically immortal.

SCP-6839 were developed during the Second World War by the *Ahnenerbe Obskurakorps* of Nazi Germany. Recovered documents referred to them in German as *Schneemensch*, which translates to "snow men." SCP-6839 are designed to be adaptive organisms capable of manipulating their organic mass, especially within combat situations. They possess a limited degree of sapience that allows them to independently strategize, and comprehend language to receive commands in German. In addition, they have been conditioned to superficially identify German soldiers while ensuring their safety over their own. This fact is currently exploited by mobile task forces to confuse instances. Genetic analysis has found instances to possess the DNA of humans (*Homo sapiens*), sea stars (*Asteroidea*), and [SCP-████](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1000).

In combat scenarios, SCP-6839 instances have demonstrated the ability to utilize firearms. Their muscular physique allows them to rapidly traverse their environment. They have been documented to travel at approximately 50 km/h on foot. In the absence of firearms, specimens will modify their anatomy to combat enemies. Examples include:

* Increasing their muscle mass.

* Forming additional limbs such as arms, tendrils, or membranous wings.

* Increasing bone density.

* Elongate the arms, fingers, and claws.

SCP-6839 exhibit regenerative properties that allow instances to survive lethal injuries. However, inflicting cranial trauma can temporarily immobilize an instance as it regenerates lost brain tissue. Decapitation can partially achieve a similar result, but the head will remain an active threat. A new instance can also develop if the body and head are allowed to individually undergo regeneration. The speed of the process greatly varies depending if it can access organic matter to assimilate. Incendiary damage is the most effective method in neutralizing a specimen.

In July 1945, instances of SCP-6839 were encountered by British forces during Operation Tabarin. Operation Tabarin was a British military expedition to Antarctica from 1943 to 1946. Its primary purpose was to secure the Falkland Islands Dependencies, and investigate the presence of Nazi Germany on the continent. They had discovered one of the entrances into a subterranean complex that housed a facility for Nazi Germany. The subterranean complex in question has been classified as SCP-████.  However, the initial survey team were killed in action by instances of SCP-6839 that were guarding the area. The British Special Air Service were then deployed later in November to neutralize the threat. An agent from the British Occult Service The United Kingdom's agency specializing in anomalous matters. It is also known as Military Intelligence, Section 13 (MI13).  also accompanied them. The mission concluded in December with only 3 survivors from the SAS unit. In their testimonies they reported encounters with SCP-6839 instances. The Secret Intelligence Service Also known as Military Intelligence, Section 6 (MI6). then proceeded to inform the Foundation regarding their existence. Further encounters with SCP-6839 instances occurred during Operation Highjump A joint expedition into Antarctica between the Foundation and the United States military in 1946-47. It was led by Rear Admiral Richard E. Byrd. Submit a request to the Records and Information Security Administration for further information., and subsequent deployments.

Instances are currently scattered throughout Queen Maude Land, East Antarctica. They were originally confined to [New Swabia](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6829) New Swabia (German: Neuschwabenland) was Antarctic territory illegitimately claimed by Nazi Germany following their expedition to the continent in 1938. to guard the region, but Foundation efforts successfully repelled them from the area. The facility where instances were being developed was successfully shut down, which contain similar equipment found in [SCP-2936](SCP-2936). It is unknown how many specimens remain active, but efforts to neutralize them are ongoing.

**Addendum 01:** The following correspondence was recovered from Germany after the Second World War. They have been translated into English from German. Person of Interest files for the individuals named can be provided upon request.

From

Karl Reuter

To

Heinrich Himmler

Subject

Black Forest Snow Man 

We have investigated the reports regarding the creature, and our men were able to successfully hunt it down. It is indeed a Child of the Night we were told about by the Man with the Green Gloves. The Man with the Green Gloves is the elusive leader of the Order of the Green Dragon. As of writing, his true identity remains unknown, and he is only referred to by his epithet. The Order collaborated with the Axis powers, but they were more closely involved with Imperial Japan, especially prior to the outbreak of the Second World War. They have been documented throughout Asia, operating primarily within modern day Japan, China, and Tibet. Further information can be found in their Group of Interest file. We were able to confirm it by comparing the scalp he had provided to us. Unfortunately, it had no exotic technology for us to collect. If the story of their demise is true then the ancient Aryans were thorough in reducing them to mere animals. However, even animals can be made useful.

I've sent the body to Klossner. Perhaps he may be able to create something of value. If not then an educational display at House Wewelsburg Referring to a Renaissance-era castle that was used as a retreat by the *Schutzstaffel* (SS). Heinrich Himmler had planned to expand the complex, and convert it into a major center for SS activities.  will be fitting.

From

Dietrich Klossner 

To

Heinrich Himmler

Subject

Status Report

The few snow men I was able to make have gone to assist in the Eastern Front. I have also sent the instructions for their development to New Swabia. The glass wombs we had shipped there will be able to manufacture an army capable of withstanding the Antartic cold. It is a shame we are low on equipment here in Germany, but I understand that we had to prepare our remote facilities.

I will continue work on my other projects, and provide you updates as soon as possible.

After the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991, GRU Division "P" documents regarding the Second World War were acquired by the Foundation. According to them, Soviet forces had encountered 12 SCP-6839 instances during the Petsamo–Kirkenes offensive in October of 1944, presumably those mentioned in Klossner's memo. Despite experiencing casualties, they were able to successfully neutralize them with heavy artillery fire. The encounter was kept classified from the Allied Occult Initiative The Allied Occult Initiative (AOI) was a joint task force by the Allied powers to combat anomalies deployed by the Axis. Its creation was instructed by the Foundation to possess additional military support for field operatives throughout the conflict. After the Second World War, surviving members joined the United Nations Global Occult Coalition.  to research instances for potential militaristic gain. However, in 1945, Klossner was acquired by the United States during Operation Paperclip Also known interchangeably as Operation Overcast. It was a secret US program that recruited personnel from Nazi Germany between 1945 to 1959. For further information submit a request to the Records and Information Security Administration. before Soviet forces could secure him and his research in Operation Osoaviakhim A secret Soviet program that recruited personnel from Nazi Germany after the Second World War. Surviving members of the *Obskurakorps* were assimilated into GRU-P, along with any anomalous assets in their possession. Overall, the program was similar to Operation Paperclip conducted by the United States. For further information submit a request to the Records and Information Security Adminstration. on October 22, 1946. Attached is a translated copy of the Soviet profile concerning SCP-6839.

> **OSI "ALARIC WILD MEN"**

> **DIVISION "P" DEPARTMENT III**

> **APPROVED 10.II.1955 PRINTOUT NR: 3**

> **D.NR:** 29-X-1944

> **DETAIL:** OSI "ALARIC WILD MEN" are large primates covered in white fur. They possess high intelligence, and great physical strength. Their injuries are healed by devouring other organisms, which may also increase their mass. Damage to the head combined with flames and explosives are sufficient in exterminating them.

> 

> The creatures were fought in the Great Patriotic War A Soviet term referring to the Second World War.  during Comrade Stalin's Tenth Blow. In Soviet propaganda battles won in the Eastern Front were called Stalin's Ten Blows. The Tenth Blow specifically refers to the Petsamo-Kirkenes offensive. It was the only encounter. ALARIC Soviet codeword for the *Ahnenerbe*.  scientist Dietrich Klossner was responsible for their creation. Details of their development remain unknown, but the use of techniques from flesh-crafters A term commonly used to describe adherents of Sarkicism.  are a possibility. Klossner's researcher was deemed valuable for enhancing the projects of the late Ilya Ivanov. Ilya Ivanovich Ivanov (August 1 [O.S. July 20] 1870 – March 20, 1932) was a Russian biologist that specialized in the hybridization of species. Notably, his research resulted in the creation of SCP-████.  According to informants, the creatures can be found in East Antarctica. SACK Soviet codeword for the Foundation.  currently occupy the region, presumably to exterminate them. Soviet operations in Antarctica must remain alert. Referring to the Soviet Antarctic expeditions from 1955 to 1991. 

**Addendum 02:** On ██/██/██, an information breach occurred in an article published by █████ magazine. A publication known for producing articles regarding fringe topics such as unsubstantiated conspiracy theories, pseudoscience, and the paranormal. It contained classified information regarding the British Special Air Service during Operation Tabarin, albeit with embellished details. Notably, it reported on their encounters with SCP-6839. Foundation investigators found that the article was written by █████ ██████, a former employee of the UK Ministry of Defence. During interrogation he claimed to have discovered the personnel files of the 1945 SAS mission. He then tracked down the final survivor named ████████ ████████ for an interview. At the time, he suffered from dementia before dying two months later from natural causes. The severity of the breach was evaluated as inconsequential against consensus reality due to the unreliable reputation of the magazine. Mr. ██████ received amnestics after the investigation.

**Addendum 03:** The following is a transcript of an SCP-6839 encounter by MTF personnel during neutralization efforts. It has been edited for brevity. Other transcripts are available at request.

> **Foreword:** The following transcript is mostly recorded from within a Barys 8x8 armored combat vehicle of MTF Delta-14 ("Winter Wonderland"). It was accompanied by a modified BvS 10 that pulled an autonomous anti-tank guided missile system.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** I have a visual on the target.

> 

> *Thermal cameras detect 5 instances traversing the Antarctic landscape. Telescopes observe that 2 specimens are moving a 3.7 cm Flak 43 turret.*

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** There are five polar men The term "polar men" is a colloquialism refering to SCP-6839 instances. It was first coined by British forces in 1945 during their encounters.  on the move. They're hauling a flak turret.

> 

> *An instance can be seen leading at the front while wearing a German steel helmet, and wielding an MG 81 machine gun. It appears to be instructing other instances.*

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** It looks like that big guy with the helmet is the leader. I think we're going to need a missile strike for this one. That turret might give us trouble if it still works. It could even be anomalous.

> 

> **Agent Hofmann:** You got it, MaCready.

> 

> *Hofmann communicates with the operators of the BvS 10 to activate their missile launch system. They begin targeting the group of SCP-6839 instances.*

> 

> **Agent Hofmann:** We're set.

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** Good.

> 

> *A missile is launched at the targets. Exterior camera observes the explosion in the distance. The surrounding area is engulfed in flames.*

> 

> **Agent Hofmann:** Did we get them all?

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** Wait.

> 

> *The instance wearing the steel helmet can be seen rising out of the snow after the explosion begins dissipating. The left side of its body is charred with the arm missing. In the other arm it is still holding on to the MG 81.*

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** The big one barely survived, and it looks pissed off.

> 

> *The instance appears to notice the MTF, and begins to move towards their position. Additional limbs can be seen forming from its back.*

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** It's coming towards us. Send another rocket at it with a lower blast yield. I'm going to slow it down with the turret.

> 

> *The Sarbaz turretA 30mm gyro-stabilized gun turret modeled after the Russian 2A42 cannon. It is operated remotely from within the armored vehicle, and can receive modifications when needed before deployment. locks on to the instance, which begins firing its weapon at the direction of the vehicle. Agent MaCready begins to open fire upon it. The specimen begins performing evasive maneuvers, and throwing snow up in the air. Additionally, it begins to move on all limbs closer to the ground.*

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** Slippery bastard.

> 

> **Agent Hofmann:** What's it doing?

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** Trying not to get hit but-

> 

> *The right shoulder of the instance is struck by a round from the turret, losing its arm in the process. A second round is then fired that hit the left side of the torso.*

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** Got you.

> 

> *Appendages appear to be growing from behind the head and neck of the instance as it continues to approach.*

> 

> **Agent Hofmann:** We're now ready to fire.

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** Blow it up then.

> 

> *Missile is fired at the specimen, but its head can be seen disconnecting from the body before impact. The targeted area is engulfed in the resulting explosion.*

> 

> **Agent Hofmann:** Is it dead now?

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** I'm not sure if it is. The head looked like it came off right before the impact. Let me check thermal for anything. If it somehow survived that I doubt it was able to get far in good shape.

> 

> *Thermal camera displays a flexible limb flailing in the snow. It does not move from its position.*

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** I see something moving. Doesn't seem to be going anywhere. Just flailing.

> 

> **Agent Hofmann:** Trap?

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** Maybe or its just beaten up. If so it probably needs time to recover before going on the move again.

> 

> **Agent Hofmann:** Should we fire again to finish it off?

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** Sounds wasteful to send a third missile on that thing. I think we can get a closer look on foot, and burn it up with flamethrowers. Silent Frankie Informally referring to another field agent who is operating the vehicle. over here can also take control of the turret for me if the worst happens. How's your German?

> 

> **Agent Hofmann:** I was about to ask you the same question.

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** [Laughs] I think we'll do fine. Let's get going.

> 

> *Vehicle travels to the location of the incapacitated instance, but stops approximately 4 m away. The operatives exit the vehicle with one possessing an M9 flamethrower. They proceed to approach the instance, which only consists of the head and upper spine. Two additional eyes that are bloodshot have grown on the face. It is severely burned while flailing strips of tissue can be observed.*

> 

> **Agent MaCready:** Damn thing is barely alive. This'll be easy then. Let's put it out of its misery.

> 

> *The M9 flamethrower is then used to ignite the instance. It begins to shriek and flail around until movement ceases. The specimen is confirmed neutralized.*

> 

> **<End Log>**

**Addendum 04:** The following is Incident Report 6839 concerning a coordinated assault by SCP-6839 instance.

> ****Incident Report 6839****

> 

> **SCP involved:** SCP-6839

> 

> **Personnel Involved:** Mobile Task Forces Alpha-19 ("Antarctic Guardians"), [Eta-5 ("Jäeger Bombers")](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2764), and Psi-33 ("Himmler's Housekeepers").

> 

> **Date:** ██/██/██

> 

> **Location:** Site-██, New Swabia, East Antarctica

> 

> **Description:** 39 instances of SCP-6839 attempted to siege Site-██. Their bodies were notably covered in thick plates of bone, especially around the head in multiple layers. Some instances had their arms terminate in sharp protrusions while others wielded WW2-era firearms. Additionally, there was an instance measuring approximately 3.5 m in height. It appeared to consist of multiple specimens fused together with no discernable head. Multiple eyes were located across its arms and torso.

> 

> The facility performed an emergency lockdown, and engaged SCP-6839 instances with explosive munitions. A distress signal was broadcasted to all nearby facilities for reinforcements. Operatives of Eta-5 proceeded to neutralize the large instance after it breached Gate A. Other instances attempted to assist it by assimilating into its mass or neutralizing on-site artillery. Furthermore, the specimen was observed collecting shrapnel for use as armor. Meanwhile, operatives of Alpha-19 and Psi-33 defended against the rest of the instances.

> 

> Personnel were able to successfully repel the SCP-6839 instances, but the site sustained 32 casualties along with costly property damage. Repairs were immediately underway in anticipation of a second siege. Only 6 instances survived the skirmish. Personnel were able to track them to an undocumented cavern located 43 km away towards the South Pole. A counter-attack was authorized by the O5 Council to be carried out by Alpha-19, and Psi-33.

> 

> Upon arriving at the location, an elongated fusion of instances emerged from the cavern. It was estimated to be 4.3 m in length with a width of 1.2 m. Multiple limbs acted as feelers around the mouth, and portions of the body were covered in armor plating made of bone. The 6 previously mentioned instances also emerged from the cavern. Personnel were able to successfully neutralize them before entering the cavern.

> 

> Operatives discovered a large space containing dismembered limbs belonging to SCP-6839 instances. Each were individually undergoing regeneration to form a new instance. All instances were promptly incinerated.

> 

> Impersonation of Third Reich personnel was observed to have little to no effect on the instances throughout the incident. The special containment procedures for SCP-6839 may require reevaluation.

**Addendum 05:** MI6 provided to the Foundation a debriefing they had performed with Corporal ██████ ███████. He was one of the three survivors of the 1945 Special Air Service mission. The transcript has been edited for brevity.

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Interviewer:** What happened during the mission, corporal?

> 

> **███████:** We arrived at the location after we parachuted down. The entrance of the tunnel didn't seem to be guarded, but there were bones scattered around. Some had bits of clothing on them. I think it was the survey team. Before we could go in with the explosives we were being attacked from all sides.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Germans?

> 

> **███████:** It was their abominations, yes. They probably thought it was easier to let them pick us off while they hid underground. Their polar men were stopping our advances, but the mortars we had helped to distract them. In the sky there were strange aircraft Referring to SCP-████.  out of our reach. Our planes were engaging them, but it wasn't looking so good up there.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Did you access the tunnel?

> 

> **███████:** Some of us did while the others tried to stop the polar men from pursuing us. Unfortunately, there were more of them inside that were able to push us back out. By that point we decided to collapse the entrance with the explosives we had left. Otherwise, we would've been overwhelmed on both sides.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Was there anything unusual about the tunnel?

> 

> **███████:** Yeah, the walls had patterns on them such as straight lines and spirals. It didn't look like concrete either since it was black in color. I can't really tell you anything else. The fighting kept us all occupied.

> 

> **Interviewer:** So what happened next after the tunnel collapsed?

> 

> **███████:** The mission was essentially a failure, so retreating seemed like the best option. The polar men chased after us for a while, picking off whoever they can. They eventually stopped when we got far enough.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Then you were rescued?

> 

> **███████:** Yes, sir. It was me, ████████ and █████. Everyone else was gone by then, but their deaths are still fresh in my mind. I saw those abominations rip apart and eat them whether they were alive or dead. Their mouths seemed wider as they bit off as much as they could chew. The snow around them was dyed crimson. A man could go mad at such sights. They should've been able to go back home instead of dying out there in the cold.

> 

> **Interviewer:** My sincere condolences, corporal. Their deaths were not in vain. 

> 

> **███████:** Yeah? Do we have a plan for the Germans? I want them smoked out of their frozen hell hole.

> 

> **Interviewer:** We'll let you know when we do. Thank you for your time, corporal.

> 

> **<End Log>**

<< [SCP-6838](SCP-6838) | SCP-6839 | [SCP-6840](SCP-6840) >>
