**Item #:** SCP-6375

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:**  SCP-6375 is considered self-containing due to its antimemetic properties and SCP-6375-A’s refusal to exit it. Nonetheless, a small research team of between 2-4 individuals continuously monitors SCP-6375 to prevent any potential unauthorized entry by visitors to Del Norte Coast Redwoods State Park. Entrance into SCP-6375 and interaction with SCP-6375-A is generally prohibited and requires special approval from the Regional Director. 

**Description:** SCP-6375 is a wooden cabin located in Del Norte Coast Redwoods State Park in Del Norte County, California. It resembles residential cabins constructed in rural America in the mid-19th century and has basic amenities appropriate to that time period:

* A fireplace which will automatically light itself via anomalous means if the ambient temperature in the cabin drops below 17 degrees Celsius.  

* A single-person bed which has remained unused by SCP-6375-A for all of SCP-6375’s recorded history. 

* A study area consisting of a wooden stool, table, and a lantern which remains permanently lit through anomalous means. 

SCP-6375 is ordinarily imperceptible to observers due to an unusually strong antimemetic effect. It was only discovered accidentally by the Foundation in 1951 due to an Agent using memory-restoring drugs to track an unrelated SCP object nearby. 

SCP-6375-A is a male humanoid entity referring to itself as the “Chronicler of the Forgotten Stories”. Although SCP-6375 was first discovered in 1951, SCP-6375-A has not aged in that time period and continues to resemble an elderly male in his early-to-mid sixties. 

SCP-6375-A claims to be assigned by an unknown third party (see Interview Log SCP-6375-A) with the task of completing all unfinished written works of fiction ever created by human beings. Once every 24 hours, a large stack of papersThe type of paper generated is whatever is most commonly used in North America at the time. As of 2022, SCP-6375 produced papers in the US Letter style. will appear in SCP-6375-A’s vicinity. The contents of these papers will invariably be an incomplete work of fiction (or several works), which SCP-6375-A will then complete while retaining the writing style of the original author. Literary analysis similar to that used to identify the author of the political novel *Primary Colors* has confirmed that works produced by SCP-6375-A match the writing style of all original authors. After being completed, the papers containing the story will disappear from SCP-6375, which SCP-6375-A appears to interpret as them being "collected". 

When questioned, SCP-6375-A will express irritation at being interrupted and a desire to resume writing as soon as possible. To date, SCP-6375-A has not required rest or any form of sustenance and has yet to express any discomfort or desire to stop writing. As the stories completed by SCP-6375-A are non-anomalous and have yet to provide any useful information to the Foundation, researchers have been instructed not to enter SCP-6375 or disturb SCP-6375-A except under extraordinary circumstances. Currently, the most common form of stories completed by SCP-6375-A are user-generated fiction of existing universes, or "fanfiction”.

**Interview Log SCP-6375-A:**

> *The following interview was conducted on 22 Feb 1953, two years after SCP-6375-A was first discovered. Subsequent interviews yielded similar responses from SCP-6375-A, leading to the implementation of the current monitoring protocols in 1959. This transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity.*

> 

> **Interviewer:** Agent Michael Carlson

> 

> **Interviewee:** SCP-6375-A

> 

> *[Agent Michael Carlson knocks on the cabin door.]*

> 

> **SCP-6375-A:** Go away! I’m busy!

> 

> *[Agent Carlson opens the door and walks in.]*

> 

> **SCP-6375-A:** Thank you for being so polite, traveler. Is there something you need?

> 

> **Agent Carlson:** I’m sorry to disturb you, but my superiors have instructed me to ask you several questions. 

> 

> *[SCP-6375-A sighs and puts down its pencil.]*

> 

> **Agent Carlson:** Who are you?

> 

> **SCP-6375-A:** I am the Chronicler of the Forgotten Stories. Until you so rudely interrupted me, I was working on completing a rather fascinating science fiction novel.

> 

> **Agent Carlson:** So you’re a writer? 

> 

> **SCP-6375-A:** More of a chronicler, as the name implies. I’ve been assigned to complete the stories written by humans that have been forgotten by their creators. An abandoned universe is a terrible thing. 

> 

> *[SCP-6375-A picks up its pencil and continues writing.]*

> 

> **Agent Carlson:** Have you always used a pencil?

> 

> **SCP-6375-A:** What the…no, of course not! My writing materials and papers change over time even as I remain blessedly hidden. 

> 

> **Agent Carlson:** I see. Why is your…house is so hard to find? Based on its construction, you’ve been here awhile. We were fortunate to stumble upon you.

> 

> **SCP-6375-A:** And I was unfortunate! As you might have guessed, there are countless unfinished stories that need completing. Only a fraction of the tales spun by humans ever reach a proper end without my help. If my task is to ever be finished, I must work in uninterrupted silence, without unwanted distractions.

> 

> **Agent Carlson:** May I ask who assigned you to complete your task?

> 

> *[SCP-6375-A turns around to stare at Agent Carlson, saying “No” forcefully before turning back around to resume writing.]*

> 

> **Agent Carlson:** Is there anything my superiors can do to assist you with your…assignment?

> 

> **SCP-6375-A:** Yes, actually. There is one extremely important thing that I require of you and your superiors.

> 

> **Agent Carlson:** What would that be?

> 

> **SCP-6375-A:** Get out of my home and stop bothering me!

> 

> *[SCP-6375-A refuses to answer any further questions.]*

 

<< [SCP-6374](SCP-6374) | SCP-6375 | [SCP-6376](SCP-6376) >>
