Descriptions of Suicide and Post-Traumatic Illness.

**Special Containment Procedures:** The former Anderson Robotics Facility in Fayette County, West Virginia, which once housed SCP-6849, has been stripped of all important material and sealed. The location has been listed in local guides as an abandoned technology facility containing hazardous material which should be appropriately avoided. Any suspicious activities reported at the location must be forwarded to Mobile Task Force Gamma-13 (“Asimov’s Lawbringers”). All relevant documents and material from the facility have been relocated to Site-78 for storage.

SCP-6849-4 is housed in a medium-security humanoid containment cell at Site-58. An upright piano has been provided in the cell for entertainment, though usage is restricted during night hours. Depending on recent behavior, SCP-6849-4 may be allowed to play the piano located in the site lounge during formal events. Any suspected contact with SCP-6849-6 is to be brought to the attention of the item's Head Researcher. Currently Dr. Charley Lucian. 

SCP-6849-11 is contained in a low-security humanoid containment cell at Site-58. Due to longtime cooperation, SCP-6849-11 is allowed advanced privileges, including free roaming of select site grounds, This includes the site library, cafeteria, and lounge.  limited internet access, and visits to SCP-6849-4’s cell during day hours. Any suspected contact with SCP-6849-6 is to be brought to the attention of the item's Head Researcher.

Both SCP-6849-4 and SCP-6849-11 are scheduled for weekly sessions with an assigned Foundation Psychiatrist. Any changes in mood, disposition, or statements deemed alarming are to be brought to the attention of the Head Researcher for review.

Any suspected sighting of SCP-6849-6 worldwide is to be investigated by MTF Gamma-13. Any newly captured or defected members of GoI-014 ([The Serpent’s Hand](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/serpent-s-hand-hub)) believed to have had contact with SCP-6849-6 are to be questioned regarding the subject's possible whereabouts.

The corpses of the remaining eight SCP-6849 instances SCP-6849-1, -2, -3, -5, -7, -8, -9, and -10.  are to be kept in Site-58’s cold storage wing. Requests by SCP-6849-4 and SCP-6849-11 for formal burial have been denied.

---

**Description:** SCP-6849 refers to eleven entities, Three living, eight deceased.  created by GoI-1115 ([Anderson Robotics](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/anderson-robotics-hub)) at the group’s former facility in Fayette County, West Virginia. In an operation referred to in company files as “Project Aniborg”. The project was active from March of 2005 to November of 2008. GoI-1115 has since shown little interest in recovering project materials in Foundation possession. Questioning of captured employees has backed up the company's attitude towards the project as a failed experiment, and further demonstrated their indifference. It is unclear if similar projects are planned by the company, though it is thought unlikely. 

Project Aniborg involved the transfer of internal body systems from selected animals into a humanoid robotic body. The central nervous system, respiratory system, and digestive system were removed and incorporated into a robotic exoskeleton via a process known to have involved varying degrees of anomalous cybernetic technology, and possibly a small degree of thaumaturgy. The exoskeleton's features were modeled after their original animal forms, but modified for upright mobility and human-like motion. Eleven successful procedures were conducted, and are listed in the table below.

> Note: Anderson Robotics and Foundation numbers are identical. Entities were originally numbered in order of creation.

| Numerical Designation | Personal Name | Sex Reproductive organs were removed during transformation. Living subjects have not been observed to exhibit sexual instincts.  | Species (Breed) | IQ Unformatted numbers denote original Anderson Robotics measurements. Bolded numbers are latest Foundation measurements.  | Status |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| = 1 | = Adam | = M | = Rattus norvegicus (Brown Rat) | = 88 | = **Deceased.** Stabbed by SCP-6849-6. |
| =  2 | = Magnus | = M | = Rattus norvegicus (Brown Rat) | = 79 | = **Deceased.** Shot and killed shortly before Incident 6849-A01. |
| = 3 | = Jazzie | = M | = Canus lupus familiaris (Poodle) | = 103 | = **Deceased.** Corpse found in nearby forest in 2010. |
| = 4 | = Prometheus | = M | = Canus lupus familiaris (Husky) | = 101 **110** | = **Living.** Site-58 Medium Security Wing. |
| = 5 | = Lily | = F | = Felis Catus (Tabby) | = 85 | = **Deceased.** Corpse found in nearby forest in 2010. |
| = 6 | = Cutter/Kutter | = M | = Canus lupus familiaris (German Shephard) | = 115 | = **Living.** Location unknown. |
| = 7 | = Striker | = M | = Felis Catus (Nebelung) | = 75 | = **Deceased.** Fatal headshot by MTF Gamma-13. |
| = 8 | = Maximus | = M | = Felis Catus (Ojos Azules) | = 74 | = **Deceased.** Committed suicide in Foundation custody soon after capture. |
| = 9 | = Jasper | = M | = Felis Catus (Nebelung) | = 92 | = **Deceased.** Fatally shot by SCP-6849-7 and -8. |
| = 10 | = Rosie-Fluff/Rose-Thorn | = F | = Felis Catus (Ojos Azules) | = 113 | = **Deceased.** Fatal shot to chest by MTF Gamma-13. |
| = 11 | = Tigerlily | = F | = Felis Catus (Ojos Azules) | = 101 **111** | = **Living.** Site-58 Low Security Wing. |
---

**Addendum 1:** Creation Account

> **Interview Log:** 6849-97-1

> 

> **Interview Date:** 09/08/2017

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6849-4 and SCP-6849-11

> 

> **Interviewer:** Head Researcher Dr. Charley Lucian

> 

> **Note:** *SCP-6849-4 and SCP-6849-11 have both been called in for a scheduled interview and questioning.*

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** You've been through this before, you guys know the drill.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Of course.

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Your names.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Tigerlily.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Prometheus.

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** I of course have to ask-

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** *(Sighs.)*

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Yeah, I know... Have either of you, since your previous questioning, had any contact with entity SCP-6849-6, also known as Kutter?

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** No.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Nope.

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Right. Now this interview is more of a broad one. The higher ups, they want a big log with some general questions about what you are and what you've been through. Probably just to use as an FAQ-type thing in the document.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** My name is Tigerlily, I'm roughly twelve years old-

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** More than that in cat-years.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** I suppose so. I was born into a litter with four siblings. We were acquired by Anderson Robotics and converted into... this.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** I'm Prometheus. I was a dog, now I'm a robot-dog who likes flame-painted skateboards and classical music.

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Do either of you remember your lives before? Tigerlily, I know you were probably too young.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** I remember... a big window. People were walking by in front of it. The short ones loved to stop and look at us.

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Standard pet store display?

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Yes. Had to be.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** At least you were in a shop...

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** *Prometheus*, you were older when they found you. What do you remember?

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** A lot of alleyways. A cold winter or two. I ate a few too many old burgers out of trash cans. Then one day a van comes by and throws me in the back with a bunch of other mutts they found.

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Other mutts?

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** I don't know how many, but they poked and prodded all of us to see if we were fit for what they were planning. Me and Jazzie made the cut. 

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** And what happened after you passed their test?

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** They restrained my legs and head, then shaved me. They put pads on me to monitor my systems, and finally they put me under.

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** And?

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** I woke up... and I was... I...

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** For the first time in my life, I could *think*...

> 

> *(Pause.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Terror... is the word.

> 

> [END LOG]

---

**Addendum 2:** Recovered GoI-1115 Documents Regarding SCP-6849

Project Aniborg's subjects served as prototypes for a new animal conversion service by Anderson Robotics. The service involved transferring a customer's animal companion into a cybernetic body, giving them human-like mobility and thought. This would be done to enhance companionship, with the owner choosing to set their companion's new intelligence depending on their desired purpose. A recovered document listed three such conversion options:

**GIFTED**

For those who simply want a smarter companion at a reasonable rate! A cat that can use the toilet! A dog that will bring you your mail! A mouse that can shake or nod at your questions!

**ENHANCED**

For those who want some friendship or something to brighten up their day! Something you can take out for ice cream! Or watch movies together!

**GENIUS**

For those that don't just want something better, but something superior! A pet that can read! That can work! A companion that will finally understand you!

©2005 Anderson Robotics Co. 

*This document is a draft and is not approved for redistribution.*

Hundreds of other documents were recovered from the facility after its capture. Though most were of a technical and research nature, the journal of Facility Manager Matt Stephenson was recovered. The journal provided an overview of the project, and a personal look into the subjects and events at the site leading up to Incident 6849-A01. It has been transcribed below as Document 6849-J89.

@@ @@

> = ****Document 6849-J89****

> 

> **March 14th, 2005**

> They finally finished the new place, took long enough. They gave me a tour of our new playground, and I don't believe I could have asked for anything better. That said, Dr. Contos was adamant the site be remote. I suppose the other side of the country is remote enough. The closest town is Beards Fork, down the road. Only about a hundred people, low enough we can work without anyone getting too close to what we're doing.

> 

> I haven't been to the town shop yet, the company is supposed to send us supplies, but I'll be a butt if I can't get a fresh burger from the store.

> 

> **March 18th, 2005**

> I said goodbye to Jessica today. I told her I'd see her again in a month, but to her that must feel like forever. I've never been gone this long.

> 

> Before I left, she gave me her necklace, the one I got her for our first anniversary. The others might make fun of me for walking around with a little golden cross around my neck, but to have her and the Lord with me, it's a price I'm always willing to pay.

> 

> They always ask how a praying man like me could do what I've done, or do what we're about to do. God made our bodies to be improved upon. And God made the world's creatures so we could do the same to them.

> 

> **March 27th, 2005**

> Most of the R&D team has arrived, and so has our first shipment. Four *Rattus norvegicus domestica*, or standard lab rats, labeled 1-1 through 1-4.

> 

> The team got right to work examining them. Pumping them with a few small jolts, and seeing how they could best graft their flesh to new circuits. It may be a long time before we even have a working prototype. But I'm patient, and I've made it very clear to Dr. Contos what we need.

> 

> **April 21st, 2005**

> The first batch are gone. One-by-one they gave out, I suppose it was too much for them. We learned everything we could, and stored them when we were done. Until the company's ice box gets here, they'll be in the freezer. Let's hope I don't pull out a dead rat the next time I go for a coke.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **June 9th, 2005**

> Third batch is gone, but we've gained some promising leads. Johnny was able to replace the eyes in 3-4 with new ones, and they worked too. Of course then the infection set in. I'll have the team keep closer to cleanliness standards around here, we've grown a bit too sloppy.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **September 12th, 2005**

> Successful leg transplant on 10-2. They're simple, and 10-2 has had some trouble getting used to them, but I think the time has come to move to bigger things.

> 

> **October 7th, 2005**

> Matthew got 11-9's brain to control one of the prototype arms for a few minutes before it expired. We may be able to try a full procedure soon enough.

> 

> **November 21st, 2005**

> Subject 13-1, Procedure attempted, expired. Subject 13-2, Procedure attempted, expired. Subject 13-5, Procedure attempted, expired. Subject 13-7, Procedure attempted, expired. Subject 13-8, Procedure attempted, gained full motor control for 14 seconds before expiring.

> 

> We're close.

> 

> **November 23rd, 2005**

> Batch 14 arrived. Four standard lab rats, three *Rattus norvegicus*. Street rats. They didn't say where they got them, but they probably think if they shake things up a little we'll bring them a better result, like we're a beaker that needs to be tapped.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **December 2nd, 2005**

> Subject 14-2, Procedure attempted, expired. Subject 14-3, Procedure attempted, gained partial motor control for 4 seconds before expiring. Subject 14-4, Procedure attempted, expired. Subject 14-5, Procedure attempted, gained full motor control for nine minutes before expiring.

> 

> One of the street rats. Interesting.

> 

> **December 10th, 2005**

> Subject 14-6, Procedure attempted, expired. Subject 14-7, procedure attempted, gained full motor control. Time elapsed: 27 hours. None of us have slept.

> 

> I named him Adam.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **February 1st, 2006**

> He knows how to say *yes* and *no*. I taught him how to say *please* as well. To think that three months ago I received him in a box, nibbling on a carrot cube.

> 

> Dr. Contos and Mr. Dillard visited three days ago. To say they were impressed by our prototype is an understatement. Though Contos was a tad upset by my use of biblical passages to help Adam practice his speaking. 

> 

> We just received ten more street rats today, they think the specially bred specimens might have something about them that lowers their success rate. Looking at the results, who am I to argue?

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **March 19th, 2006**

> I named the new one Magnus, Adam has been showing him around, teaching him the basics. Jessica always wanted children, but I'd always been too long away from home. I've been thinking about what I want once this project is done. Settling down at home, making a family, It doesn't sound bad. Besides, how many men get the chance to practice their parenting skills on a couple mice?

> 

> The workers came in to start converting the old break room into a nursery. They brought with them two armed guards, and it appears they won't be leaving. Silva even proposed installing a kill-switch if they become a problem, I vetoed it immediately. To think any of these creatures would ever want to harm us. Even if they could.

> 

>  **March 20th, 2006**

> A batch of dogs. I told them it was too early to start working with bigger animals, but they opened the back of their van to show me the barkers in their cages. Strays from Pittsburgh, they said.

> 

> We examined each of them to see if they were fit to work with. Only the husky and the poodle were approved. The men from the company took the rest and drove off to do lord knows what. Well, that's their own cross to bear, we have ours here.

> 

> **April 4th, 2006**

> I let the team name them this time. The husky was named Prometheus (was 'Anderson' not good enough?) The poodle was named Jazzie. Already they seem to be catching onto things faster than either Adam or Magnus.

> 

> Speaking of, Magnus read to us 'The Cat in the Hat' last night. We all clapped for him, and if he could smile, I bet he would've. To think we took a mouse off the street and taught it to read. This is the reason I work.

> 

> **April 14th, 2006**

> The van came by again. This time seven cats off the streets of Pittsburgh. Three of them were approved.

> 

> **May 10th, 2006**

> Subject 17-1, Procedure attempted, expired. Subject 17-2, Procedure attempted, gained full motor control for 91 seconds before expiring. Subject 17-3, Procedure attempted, success.

> 

> **May 13th, 2006**

> Jazzie has been showing Lily around, they've gotten along well for a cat and a dog. She tried to bite Adam once, animal instincts? Or just being playful?

> 

> Prometheus asked me if he could go outside today. I said I'd ask the company to construct a fence to make it safe. He seemed disappointed.

> 

> I'll start playing some music during the day to calm them down. Maybe they'll like Beethoven.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **August 21st, 2006**

> They dropped off our supplies today, and a dog with it. They left without saying a word.

> 

> A German Shephard, dirty, with a faded collar that said *Cutter*. He scooched away when one of us approached his cage.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **December 26th, 2006**

> Happy late Christmas present. A litter of five kittens from a pet shop in Charleston.

> 

> Cutter says he wants to write his name with a "K" from now on. When I told him that wasn't the proper spelling, he did that odd thing with his jaw. Like his brain is telling him to growl, even without lips.

> 

> **January 5th, 2007**

> Striker, Maximus, Jasper, Rosie-Fluff, and Tigerlily. A long naming session between us, and probably the last we'll have for a while. I told Contos to either send more staff or stop sending us more animals. It seems we'll be focusing on the subjects we have.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **March 9th, 2007**

> They're all from the same litter, you'd think they would be somewhat similar. But Striker and Maximus run around together, causing chaos. All while their brother Jasper is finishing his chores to the letter.

> 

> The two girls, Rosie-Fluff and Tigerlily, are an odd case. Every time I walk past, they have their heads buried in books. Tigerlily in some Dr. Seuss tale, and Rosie-Fluff in a magazine one of us accidentally left lying around. Her and Cutter especially love to talk.

> 

> Speaking of Cutter, he and Prometheus have grown close. I've found them several times discussing their memories on the city streets, before they came here. I suppose it was inevitable they'd bond over such an experience.

> 

> **April 23rd, 2007**

> Jazzie and Lily. They've been close ever since they met, and lately they've spent every free moment together. This morning I saw them both sitting against the wall, Jazzie had Lily's hand in his mouth. I knew it was a fake-bite, the type dogs do for fun (maybe more in this case?). But one of the security men had his hand on his gun until I motioned him away.

> 

> Rosie-Fluff was watching him, though. Simple curiosity, I hope.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **June 5th, 2007**

> Rosie-Fluff asked me about the security men and their guns. I told her not to ask anyone about that again. I'll tell them to keep a closer eye on her. I already had a bad feeling when she giggled after I told her the story of Abel's death.

> 

> Speaking of bad feelings, Cutter. Every time we let them outside he's strolling near the fence, looking it up and down, sniffing every nook. I could tell him to stop, but would that only make it worse?

> 

> I'm not stupid, he feels like a caged animal. He *is* a caged animal. I only hope that once this is done, we can find a better place for him.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **February 29th, 2008**

> Happy leap day. Nothing of note to tell. Adam and Magnus are like brothers. Having been with us the longest, they're by far our most obedient and well-adjusted subjects. I can only hope their example takes to the others.

> 

> Jazzie and Lily are never apart, do we have ourselves a Romeo and Juliet? A star-crossed dog and cat? Speaking of dogs, Prometheus spends a tad too much time in front of the TV, but he's taken well to the music I introduced to him. He said he wanted to learn to sound like Beethoven. I should request the transfer of a keyboard soon. I can think of no better way to open our public demonstration than a dog playing the piano.

> 

> Cutter? Well, he's Cutter. He's scored the highest so far in the math and puzzle tests, but he's begun to neglect his chores. I worry for him.

> 

> Of the five kitten siblings, I don't think I've seen a more dysfunctional family. Striker and Maximus have been reprimanded for bullying Jasper twice, I even heard Striker call him his "Abel" in a fit of anger. Rosie-Fluff can almost compete with Cutter on the puzzles, but she's shown a particular interest in the Old Testament literature I let her read, especially the ones with violence. Tigerlily makes up for it, however. Never met a more curious little cat, passionate to learn. I've even started allowing her to assist in some of our work.

> 

> Truly, all walks of life growing within these walls. But for better or worse?

> 

> **April 1st, 2008**

> Maximus put a whoopie-cushion under my chair when I sat down for breakfast this morning. Lord knows where he got it. 

> 

> Staff morale isn't what it was. Once all the testing and research is done, it simply feels like we're raising a group of dysfunctional children. Peter quipped that we were working for "Anderson Daycare", and the name is catching on.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **June 2nd, 2008**

> Maximus and Striker tried pulling one of their jokes on Cutter. He responded with a metal-fist to Striker's face.

> 

> We put all three of them in the cage for a few days. When they came out, there was no more violence. No, not from fear. They respect him now. I have a feeling Cutter is what you could call their "Alpha".

> 

> That is something I cannot allow.

> 

> **[REDACTED FOR BREVITY]**

> 

> **September 15th, 2008**

> He's the smartest out of all of them, I know that. Despite our efforts, his sway with the others is growing. He got his taste of power after the incident with Striker, and he's leaning into it. Not like I can just throw him in the cage, that would make him a martyr. But I also don't like leaving him to his own devices. I suppose I can't exactly complain, we wanted to take animals and make them think like people. They definitely think like people now. I can only hope they'll see the light.

> 

> As much as I urge everyone under me to do their part in keeping everything under control, the problem only grows. They're tired of disciplining what are supposed to be our research subjects, they're tired of being a 24/7 daycare.

> 

> I'm sending Dr. Contos a request. Behavioral specialists, more security, and to transfer Cutter somewhere else.

> 

> **September 23rd, 2008**

> The security arrived, armed to the teeth. When I asked for more, I meant a few men with pistols. Now we have a closet full of rifles and bullets. Already, I'm feeling something bad.

> 

> To no surprise, the other requests were denied. If Cutter becomes a bigger problem... Well, I hope we won't have to use the guns. 

> 

> **October 15th, 2008**

> They're going to him now instead of us. Jazzie and Rosie-Fluff disagreed on who was supposed to have the copy of Hamlet for the day. With the staff brushing them off more and more, it's no wonder they went to Cutter instead to solve it.

> 

> I pray for them, for us. But I feel like I'm losing control.

> 

> **October 27th, 2008**

> The company would never allow this, but I felt like I had no other choice. I called them all in, and gave each of them a bible. I asked them to read some of it before they went to bed, and in it they would finally find something to put their faith in. Something else they could follow.

> 

> I can only hope to bring them something before the angry letter from Contos arrives. He wouldn't give me what I needed, so I gave them what they needed.

> 

> Lord, please guide them. Show them the light, and bring peace to this place.

> 

> **November 1st, 2008**

> I heard Rosie-Fluff call him their "Moses".

> 

> Only Adam, Magnus, and Jasper have shown themselves above his spell. But the others have alienated them over it.

> 

> I need a drink.

> 

> **November 10th, 2008**

> Adam and Jasper confronted Cutter in the hallway. He punched and kicked them both until security drew their guns at him. It was only luck that I was there to stop them.

> 

> He's in the cage for the next week. How did I lose control of all this? 

> 

> **November 21th, 2008**

> Adam died yesterday. Cutter stabbed him to death with a shiv.

> 

> He's in the cage now. Tomorrow we're going to take him into the mountains and terminate him.

> 

> I'm sorry, Cutter, but you brought this on yourself.

> 

> *As did you. Apology accepted. -Kutter*

@@ @@

> **Interview Log:** 6849-61-2

> 

> **Interview Date:** 07/03/2013

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6849-4 and SCP-6849-11

> 

> **Interviewer:** Head Researcher Dr. Charley Lucian

> 

> **Note:** *SCP-6849-4 and SCP-6849-11 have both been called in to provide information of their time in the Facility.*

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** I know, I'm sorry. They just want a more up-to-date retelling for the document.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** *(Sighs.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** I regret it, all of it. I was... he was right. We were like children, and they weren't parents. I can look back now, and see how shitty it was for everybody.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** I like to think I joined him because I was scared. After what they did to Magnus... I thought they would kill me if I didn't. Maybe they would have, for all I know... But I can't deny I looked up to him. I read Matt's journal, after it all happened. It was then, I think... I realized what we'd done.

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** It wasn't your fault.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** I don't see their faces, as much as I used to... I've sworn to never touch a weapon again, but if *he* comes back-

> 

> *(SCP-6849-11 puts her hand on SCP-6849-4's shoulder.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** We'll... we'll call you. It's what we're supposed to do.

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Right. I'm glad you trust us.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** I don't want to see him again.

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** They'll stick him in some high-security cell a thousand miles away. You won't have to think about him.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** *(Sighs.)* Too many have died because of us already.

> 

> [END LOG]

---

**Addendum 3:** Incident 6849-A01

On November 22nd, 2008, a revolt took place at the Facility under the instigation of SCP-6849-6. All personnel were killed and the subjects gained control of the facility. Portions of the revolt were recorded on the Facility's surveillance system, and later recovered by MTF Gamma-13.

> = ****Transcribed Scene from Facility Security Records****

> 

> *Note: The Facility's surveillance system only recorded from a single monitor, which constantly switched between different cameras throughout the Facility.*

> 

> [BEGIN RECORDING]

> 

> *(Camera pans past a supply closet. The door appears damaged, and sits wide open. Several guns and loose magazines are scattered inside. One subject, believed to be SCP-6849-10, walks past holding a rifle. The camera pans just enough to see the upper part of SCP-6849-2, lying dead on the ground. Heavy damage covers his face and chest.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to a break-room. SCP-6849-9 and a scientist are hiding under a table. The corpse of a security officer is lying against the wall. SCP-6849-7 steps into frame, grabbing and flipping the table away. The scientist attempts to run, but is shot by SCP-6849-7, who appears to laugh. SCP-6849-8 appears alongside him, and both approach SCP-6849-9, who backs up to a wall. They yell and scream at each other. Due to the lack of sound recording and the nature of their robotic jaws, transcription of their dialogue is impossible.  SCP-6849-7 and -8 lift their weapons and fire on SCP-6849-9. SCP-6849-9 falls against the wall, emitting sparks.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to Matt Stephenson's office. Stephenson is crawling towards his desk, he is bleeding from several bullet wounds in his legs. SCP-6849-6 is standing over him. As this was the only camera with sound equipment, their dialogue was recorded.)*

> 

> **Matt Stephenson:** -ease lord, save me...

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** Shut up!

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 slams a robotic leg down on Stephenson's foot, Stephenson lets out a cry of pain.)*

> 

> **Matt Stephenson:** What- *(groan)* What did I do to you!? What did I do to have you slaughter me like a dog!?

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** *(laughs)* 'Like a dog'! 

> 

> **Matt Stephenson:** I'm- That's not what I meant! Why!?

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** What are we to you? 

> 

> **Matt Stephenson:** What?

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** *What are we!?*

> 

> **Matt Stephenson:** You're... you're our greatest creation-

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 kicks Stephenson in the stomach, ushering another cry of pain.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I'll tell what I was before, before... this.

> 

> **Matt Stephenson:** You were a dog! A dog we took in, gave you a *mind*...

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I was a *plaything!* For a couple humans. One of them... she liked me. Not for me, but for what I was. *'Momma's big boy'*, she called me in front of her friends. Got me to sit for them, shake for them... I wasn't even a *pet*, I was something to show off, a *toy*. Once they left, I didn't exist. I remember the scorn in her eyes when I had to remind her to feed me.

> 

> **Matt Stephenson:** Look, Cutter...

>  

> **SCP-6849-6:** And the *other* one... never met a more insecure man. Well, *you're* still a runner up. But he didn't like me. Not. One. Bit. Whenever she disappeared, I became a different type of toy. An object of scorn for a jealous man. One who preferred cigarettes and belts to hunger and neglect.

> 

> **Matt Stephenson:** I'm sorry!

> 

> *(Stephenson looks down, then back to SCP-6849-6.)*

> 

> **Matt Stephenson:** I'm sorry I didn't do more for you... 

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** You've done enough. I escaped once. Wandered the streets, a better teacher than you. I learned to *take* what I wanted, to be ready at all times to fight for my life. Then some men tossed me in the back of a van, and I came here. You're right, you gave me a mind. And I'll get something else when I escape again.

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 steps up to Stephenson.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I'm not going to be another toy. Not another *product* for someone else.

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 looks up to the camera.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** *I am Kutter with a 'K'! Not your new gadget!* Once I'm done here, I'm coming for *you*, Mr. Contos! And the rest of you!

> 

> *(Stephenson weakly grabs the cross around his neck, muttering.)*

> 

> **Matt Stephenson:** *Jessica... Jessica...*

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 turns to Stephenson and raises his weapon to his head.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** Thank you. For everything.

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 shoots Stephenson in the head, killing him. After a few seconds of silence, he bends down, pulling Stephenson's cross up and over his head. Looking at it for a moment, he places it around his own neck. SCP-6849-6 then walks around to Stephenson's desk. Sitting down in the seat, he looks over various papers on the desk. Finding Stephenson's journal, he begins to examine it. SCP-6849-4 steps into the room.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** We did it. They're all gone.

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** Thank you, Prometheus.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** What now?

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** Now... we're our own masters. Call everyone into the conference room, I have some ideas about our next move.

> 

> *(As they begin to leave, the footage cuts again to the laboratory. Bullet holes line the walls, and much of the equipment is damaged. Two corpses are on the ground, lying in pools of blood. The camera pans, SCP-6849-11 becomes visible. She is sitting at a table, with her face in her hands. A pistol is laying in front of her.)*

> 

> [END RECORDING]

On December 14th, some of the nine remaining subjects began to raid the small nearby neighborhood of Beards Fork, West Virginia. The subjects caused moderate property damage, and several civilians were hospitalized due to injuries while attempting to fight the subjects. No civilian casualties occurred, though it became apparent the local police force was ill-equipped for the situation.

> = ****Recovered Civilian Footage****

> 

> [BEGIN RECORDING]

> 

> **Person 1:** -the hell are these things!?

> 

> **Person 2:** Get down, dammit!

> 

> *(Person 1 appears to be holding the camera, while Person 2 is next to them. Both are peering through their window to the neighborhood outside. Two subjects, SCP-6849-7 and -8, are emerging from a red car, sitting halfway up the curb. Both are holding automatic rifles, hanging from their torsos with straps. Their voices are faintly audible.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-7:** When is Rosie-Fluff gonna be back?

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** She wants us to call her *Rose-Thorn* now.

> 

> **SCP-6849-7:** Cool, I already like my name. Not like yours.

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** Hey! *(He pushes SCP-6849-7 slightly.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-7:** Don't punch me cause your name is stupid! Maximus? What does that even mean?

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** Kutter says it means *'Greatest'* in an old language!

> 

> **SCP-6849-7:** Still stup-

> 

> *(A civilian appears across the street, standing up from behind a nearby car. He aims a shotgun at both of them, firing. Most of the shot misses, though several projectiles hit SCP-6849-7, doing little damage.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-7:** Go away!

> 

> *(SCP-6849-7 lifts his gun and fires at the car. The civilian is hit in the arm, and quickly retreats back into his house. SCP-6849-7 fires more at the front of the structure.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-7:** *(Laughs)* Yeah!

> 

> *(SCP-6849-8 raises his gun straight up and fires into the air.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** *This is cat country!*

> 

> **Person 1:** Jesus fucking christ.

> 

> *(The sound of further gunshots erupt down the road. SCP-6849-7 and -8 turn and point their guns in the direction of the sound, but begin to back away slightly. Several seconds later, SCP-6849-10 sprints into frame.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-10:** Ready your guns!

> 

> *(The three subjects turn and face the direction of the gunshots. A voice booms through a megaphone off-screen.)*

> 

> **Voice:** *Remain indoors! This is the National Guard...*

> 

> **Person 2:** About time!

> 

> [END RECORDING]

When it became apparent the local police were incapable of handling the situation, the town's mayor requested assistance from the governor. However, by this time the events in Beards Fork had come under Foundation attention. On 12/16/2008, a small team from Mobile Task Force Gamma-13 ("Asimov's Lawbringers") were sent to capture or neutralize the subjects, under the guise of National Guard troops.

> = ****MTF Gamma-13 Recording****

> 

> [BEGIN RECORDING]

> 

> *(Camera is situated on the helmet of MTF Operative J. Part of a four-man team driving into the town on a jeep. Operative B is standing up in the vehicle and speaking through a megaphone.)*

> 

> **B:** *Remain indoors! This is the national guard! Remain indoors until called upon! Further law enforcement will arrive at your residences shortly! Follow their directions!*

> 

> **D:** *(From the front seat.)* There they are!

> 

> **C:** *(From the driver's seat.)* Hang on!

> 

> *(C stops the car. J looks ahead to a figure standing in the road. Upon getting closer, it is revealed to be SCP-6849-10.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-10:** I know what you are! Kutter said you'd come!

> 

> **D:** Dunno who Kutter is! But you better surrender yourself to us now! Or we'll bring out the guns!

> 

> **SCP-6849-10:** *(Laughs)* We're not going back with you! We're free now!

> 

> **D:** *(Shrugs)* Alright, tried the boring way-

> 

> *(SCP-6849-10 pulls out her weapon, and fires at the vehicle.)*

> 

> **B:** Fuck!

> 

> *(The four operatives lean down as bullets pepper the vehicle and road around them.)*

> 

> **J:** How did you not see it had a gun!

> 

> *(The bullets stop, presumably as SCP-6849-10 is reloading. The operatives pull themselves up, and begin firing at SCP-6849-10.)*

> 

> *(SCP-6849-10 is hit by several bullets, few of which do damage against her exoskeleton. She turns and begins to run, towards two other figures further down the road.)*

> 

> **J:** Let's go!

> 

> *(C drives the jeep down the road. B stands up again and repeats his message into the megaphone.)*

> 

> **B:** *Remain indoors! This is the national guard! Remain indoors until called upon!*

> 

> *(SCP-6849-10 stops at the two figures, revealed to be SCP-6849-7 and -8.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-7:** *Go away!*

> 

> *(The three subjects fire at the vehicle again. The operatives dive down until the gunfire stops.)*

> 

> **J:** Fuck's sake!

> 

> *(J lifts himself up and out of the car, aiming his rifle. He takes a shot, which hits SCP-6849-10 in the shoulder. Sparks fly, along with some smoke. SCP-6849-10 looks back, appearing shocked. J swiftly reloads the rifle, and fires again. The bullet hits SCP-6849-10 in the chest.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** Rose-Thorn!

> 

> *(SCP-6849-10 drops her weapon, stumbling back. J fires again, barely missing SCP-6849-8. SCP-6849-10 sits down on the ground, her hand on her chest.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-10:** Run!

> 

> *(SCP-6849-10 grabs her weapon and fires at the operatives. They dive down again, J watches as SCP-6849-7 and -8 run to a nearby red car, getting inside.)*

> 

> **D:** They're getting away!

> 

> *(The gunfire stops. J lifts up out of the jeep, firing another shot into SCP-6849-10's chest. She falls over on the pavement as the red car sporadically drives away, hitting several mailboxes and parked vehicles on the way.)*

> 

> **J:** D, call up a recovery team! C, follow them!

> 

> *(C drives the jeep down the road, after the red car. B stands back up.)*

> 

> **B:** *Remain indoors until called upon! Keep away from the hostiles! Further law enforcement will be here shortly!*

> 

> [END LOG]

SCP-6849-10's corpse was recovered an hour later by Foundation Agents. Witnesses to the event were subsequently questioned, and amnesticized after their recordings were retrieved.

---

**Addendum 4:** Facility Raid

MTF Gamma-13 continued to follow the car out of the town. Due to SCP-6849-7 and -8's presumed inexperience operating a vehicle, their driving was haphazard and chaotic. Gamma-13 elected not to capture them, and instead have the subjects lead them back to their intended destination. The strategy was successful, as the team were led back to the former Facility.

> = ****Transcribed Scene from Facility Security Records****

> 

> [BEGIN RECORDING]

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 is sitting in Matt Stephenson's former office. The room is noticeably more decrepit, with trash littering the floor. In the middle of the room is a stain of blood where Stephenson was killed. SCP-6849-6 appears to be reading a document when SCP-6849-7 and -8 storm into the room.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-7:** Kutter!

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** They're back! We tried to fight them! But- but Rose-Thorn-

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** What? What happened?

> 

> **SCP-6849-7:** They shot at us! They killed Rose-Thorn so we had to run!

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** *You came back here!?*

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** Y- yes... we didn't-

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** *(Slamming his fist into the table.)* You brought them back here!

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 gets up and walks out of the room, pushing through SCP-6849-7 and -8. The pair look to each other, then follow him out.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** Everyone! Grab your weapons! Lock the doors outside!

> 

> *(Recording switches to the break room. SCP-6849-3 and SCP-6849-5 are sitting in a seat, rubbing their metal noses together. They perk up, presumably at SCP-6849-6's yelling. They grab their weapons and run out of the room.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the laboratory. SCP-6849-11 is standing and looking out the window, either out of range of or ignoring SCP-6849-6's yelling. She's holding Matt Stephenson's journal in her hand. SCP-6849-7 and -8 appear behind her. They look at each other, and SCP-6849-8 approaches her, getting her attention. The three talk for several seconds. SCP-6849-11 appears distressed, she drops the journal and buries her face in her hands. SCP-6849-8 grabs her and hugs her, SCP-6849-7 joins them both. SCP-6849-7 and -8 then let go of her, picking up their weapons and leaving. SCP-6849-11 picks up her own nearby weapon, looking at it. Setting the weapon down, she turns back around and looks out the window.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the outdoor entrance. SCP-6849-4 is in the parking lot with a skateboard, stepping onto and attempting to ride it. Looking up, he sees MTF Gamma-13 and their jeep coming towards him from down the road. Dropping the skateboard, he runs inside as Gamma-13 begins shooting at him.)*

> = ****MTF Gamma-13 Recording****

> 

> [BEGIN RECORDING]

> 

> *(MTF Gamma-13 is driving down the road, having followed SCP-6849-7 and -8 into the surrounding mountains.)*

> 

> **J:** There!

> 

> *(J points to a building off the road, within the trees. In front of it, the red car has been haphazardly left in the parking lot, its doors still opened.)*

> 

> **D:** So that's where they came from! Lock and load, guys!

> 

> *(The team readies their weapons as they drive towards the building. A lone figure is in the parking lot, stepping on something.)*

> 

> **B:** Another one?

> 

> *(The figure, now identifiable as SCP-6849-4, looks up at them. Quickly, he turns and runs to the door as D begins firing at him.)*

> 

> **J:** Stop that! You're wasting ammo!

> 

> *(Pulling up into the parking lot, C stops the car. The four get out, readying their weapons.)*

> 

> **D:** *(Speaking into a transceiver.)* Five-eight. This is Golf-one-three. Requesting Reinforcements. Large building surrounded by mountains, unknown number of robotic hostiles inside-

> 

> **B:** *(Reading off the sign on the building.)* 'Andy's Ratchets'?

> 

> **J:** Classic A-R front.

> 

> **D:** *(Speaking into a transceiver.)* Likely Golf-india-triple-one-five involvement. Over.

> 

> *(He puts the transceiver down.)*

> 

> **D:** Backup's com-

> 

> *(D is hit by a barrage of gunfire from the building. He falls over, clutching his chest and abdomen, which have recieved several bullet wounds.)*

> 

> **J:** Danny!

> 

> *(J grabs and pulls D behind a nearby car, where the team takes shelter from another barrage of bullets. J briefly raises his head to locate the hostile. He sees SCP-6849-7 standing on the roof.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-7:** That's for my sister!

> 

> *(SCP-6849-7 continues to yell as he peppers the car with more bullets. J looks to the others, C is preforming first aid on D, who is bleeding from several bullet wounds.)*

> 

> **C:** Come on! Deep breaths!

> 

> **D:** *(Hyperventilating)* I... can't...

> 

> **C:** Don't talk!

> 

> *(C applies more bandages to D as B picks up the transceiver, requesting medical assistance. During a brief lapse in gunfire, J takes his rifle. Pointing it to the roof, he sees SCP-6849-8 has joined -7, along with a third figure, identified as SCP-6849-6, who turns and leaves upon sighting him. J takes a shot at them, but misses. He dives back under cover as more gunfire erupts.)*

> 

> **D:** Bev... Beverly.

> 

> **C:** Yes, yes! You're going to see her again when you get out of here.

> 

> **D:** Tell... her...

> 

> *(J smacks him in the face.)*

> 

> **J:** I'm not telling her a damn thing! You're telling her yourself!

> 

> *(J leans against the car, taking a deep breath. The gunfire stops for a brief moment. J lifts his rifle up again, pointing it at the roof. He shoots SCP-6849-7 through the head, killing him instantly.)*

> 

> **J:** Yes!

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** *Striker!*

> 

> *(SCP-6849-8 drops his gun, bending down to SCP-6849-7. J takes another shot, hitting the concrete wall just below SCP-6849-8. Seeing this, SCP-6849-8 picks up -7's corpse and drags it out of sight.)*

> 

> **J:** There you go! Get out of here!

> 

> *(J kneels down to the others.)*

> 

> **J:** D! I got him!

> 

> *(D doesn't respond.)*

> 

> **C:** He's going into shock!

> 

> **J:** Dammit! Alright, B, tell them to expedite that medical team! C, get all our med supplies from the jeep!

> 

> *(A bullet hits the concrete nearby. Looking back, J sees SCP-6849-6 standing in front of the entrance doorway, holding a rifle.)*

> 

> **J:** Go! I'll cover!

> 

> *(C runs to the jeep as J sprints across the parking lot, taking shots at SCP-6849-6, who shoots back at him. J's helmet-camera then reached its 1gb limit, ending the recording.)*

> 

> [END RECORDING]

> = ****Transcribed Scene from Facility Security Records****

> 

> [BEGIN RECORDING]

> 

> *(Camera pans across the parking lot. SCP-6849-6 is directly below it, shooting at Operative J, who runs behind a nearby car. In the background, Operative C is seen sprinting to the Jeep. He grabs an object from it, and returns to the location of Operatives B and D. SCP-6849-6 takes a shot at C, and misses. J emerges from behind his car, and takes a shot at SCP-6849-6, hitting him in the arm. SCP-6849-6 opens his mouth briefly, Operative J later stated SCP-6849-6 "barked" at him.  and then moves inside, slamming the door.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the entrance hallway. SCP-6849-3 and SCP-6849-5 are standing with their weapons. SCP-6849-6 speeds past, yelling something to them. SCP-6849-3 nods, and moves towards the door. He is stopped when SCP-6849-5 grabs his shoulder. He looks back to her, and they begin to talk. Their conversation appears to turn into an argument, and then calms back down. After a moment, he takes her hand, softly biting it. They then rub noses, and sprint off-screen.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the laboratory. SCP-6849-11 is laying on the floor, looking at the ceiling. An opened textbook lies next to her, as well as her weapon. SCP-6849-3 and -5 briefly run past the open door, unnoticed. SCP-6849-11 suddenly perks her head up, looking towards the door. Pushing herself up, she runs through it and out of the room.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the bottom of a stairwell. SCP-6849-8 is coming down the last few steps to the floor, dragging SCP-6849-7's corpse behind him. He appears to be calling something out. Pulling -7's corpse against a nearby wall, he steps away, catching himself on the stair's railing. SCP-6849-8 breathes heavily stepping back towards the wall. He turns around and begins to punch it repeatedly, leaving several holes. SCP-6849-11 walks in, she screams something at him. SCP-6849-8 walks up to her, grabbing and hugging her, she hugs him back.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to Matt Stephenson's former office. SCP-6849-6 is pacing back and forth in front of the desk.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** *Kutter!*

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 steps into the room.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** What do we do!?

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I'm thinking!

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Striker is dead! They're still outside!

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** Jazzie and Lily are holding them off.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** I just saw them in the hallway, they were running somewhere.

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** What- *I told them to hold them off!*

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 grabs a lamp from the desk and throws it at the wall.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Maybe they're getting a better vantage-

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** *Shut up! Shut up!*

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 leans against the desk, and sighs.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** You go to the front and guard the entrance. I'll get Maximus and Tigerlily and join you out there.

> 

> *(Pause.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Kutter?

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I'll meet you out there.

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 turns and leaves. SCP-6849-6 goes around to the back of the desk, and sits down. He touches the golden cross around his neck, and looks up towards the camera.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the walled outdoor area. Within the small enclosure, four fresh graves can be seen. They are marked by crude wooden crosses, carved onto each of them are the names "Adam", "Magnus", "Jasper", and "Matt". Several empty graves are also seen, one of them is only partially dug. The camera pans across the enclosure, revealing a jumbled pile of human corpses. All of them are in either Anderson Robotics attire or security uniforms. A group of crows is feeding on them.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the camera above the back door. The door opens, and SCP-6849-3 and SCP-6849-5 emerge from it. SCP-6849-3 stops, looking back. SCP-6849-5 grabs his face, turning it to hers. They talk briefly. They then sprint away and into the forest, holding hands. A minute later, a Foundation helicopter flies overhead.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the front entrance camera. The Foundation helicopter appears partially at the top of the frame. Ropes come down from the sides, allowing several MTF Gamma-13 operatives and medical technicians to quickly descend. Operative B runs to meet them. Operative J is still at the car with Operative C. C says something to J while shaking his head. J screams something at him, then points to the area behind the car where Operative D is located. He steps away, angrily throwing the medkit box and its used contents across the parking lot. J then sits down against the front of the car, rubbing his face. C moves to the approaching medical technicians, speaking to them. The technician nods, and hands his emergency kit to the technician behind him, who walks away.)*

> 

> *(The front door bursts open, SCP-6849-4 sprints through it. He immediately stops at the sight of the many armed operatives, who look back at him. SCP-6849-4 takes a step back, dropping his weapon. One of the operatives points his gun, yelling at him. SCP-6849-4 kneels on the ground, reluctantly putting his hands on top of his head.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the entrance hallway. A minute of stillness follows, then the door opens. Several Gamma-13 operatives storm inside, and begin checking nearby rooms.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the laboratory. Several seconds of stillness. Two Gamma-13 operatives appear at the door, pointing their weapons inside. They conclude the room is empty, and leave.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the stairwell. SCP-6849-7's corpse is against the wall, while SCP-6849-8 and -11 sit on the stairs, talking. They both raise their heads at the sound of the incoming operatives. SCP-6849-11 nudges -8 and urgently says something, he doesn't move. SCP-6849-11 then grabs -8's weapon, hanging from him on a strap. She pulls it up over him and tosses it away. A moment later, the door bursts open. Two Gamma-13 operatives appear, yelling and pointing their weapons at them. SCP-6849-11 quickly kneels, putting her hands on her head. SCP-6849-8 doesn't move, even as -11 screams at him. More operatives come inside, grabbing SCP-6849-8 and pulling him out of the room with SCP-6849-11. One of the operatives steps up to SCP-6849-7's corpse, his gun raised. He pokes it, and watches it slump over. The operative relaxes, lowering his weapon.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to Matt Stephenson's office. The room is empty, SCP-6849-6 is nowhere to be seen. Two Gamma-13 operatives enter.)*

> 

> **Operative 1:** This is the office?

> 

> **Operative 2:** Yeah, one of those cat things said there was another one in here.

> 

> **Operative 1:** Well, I don't see him.

> 

> *(Operative 2 picks up a paper on the desk, skimming it. He shows it to Operative 1.)*

> 

> **Operative 2:** The guys outside were right, Anderson Robotics.

> 

> *(Recording switches to various rooms over the next few minutes, all of which are either empty or being checked by operatives.)*

> 

> *(Recording switches to the front entrance camera. The helicopter is flying away, over the trees. Several Foundation transport vehicles have also appeared. Operative D's corpse is being moved into one, while Operatives B, C, and J watch. SCP-6849-4, SCP-6849-8, and SCP-6849-11 are sitting in the grass nearby, all three are restrained and surrounded by armed operatives. Operative J watches the first transport drive away, he sighs, and walks towards the three captured entities. He then breaks into a sprint towards SCP-6849-8. Stopping in front of him, he pulls out a pistol and points it towards SCP-6849-8. SCP-6849-8 shows no reaction, despite -4 and -11's screams. Before he can fire, J is grabbed by nearby operatives, who pull him away.)*

> 

> [END RECORDING]

---

**Addendum 5:** Post-Raid Events

MTF Gamma-13 secured the Facility within hours of the raid, with Operative Danny Connors being the only Foundation casualty. The Facility was scrutinized and searched over the next month. All documents, research data, and other items of importance were transferred to Site-78 for study and storage. The corpses of the Facility's 26 staff members, including that of Manager Matt Stephenson, were recovered for brief analysis, and delivered to respective next-of-kin.

Of the original 11 subjects, 7 were killed or found deceased, 3 were uncontained, and 3 were captured. The three captured subjects were taken to Site-58 and individually interviewed shortly after arrival.

> **Interview Log:** 6849-1-1

> 

> **Interview Date:** 12/17/2008

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6849-4

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Stevens

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Stevens:** According to the data we found, you must be... number *four*.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** My *name* is Prometheus.

> 

> **Stevens:** I'm sorry, *Prometheus*, right.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Where have you taken them?

> 

> **Stevens:** Excuse me?

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 slams his cuffed fist on the table.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Maximus and Tigerlily!

> 

> **Stevens:** Who- oh, *oh*. The two who were with you. Yes, they're here in this place.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Then let us *out*. I'm not going back with you!

> 

> **Stevens:** Back where?

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** With *you!*

> 

> **Stevens:** With Anderson Robotics, you mean? The place you came from? We're not with them.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** *Great!* Then let us out!

> 

> **Stevens:** Fou- Prometheus, I can't allow that. I'm just here to ask you some-

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 screams and lunges towards Researcher Stevens. Though he only reaches halfway across the table due to his restraints, Stevens still jumps back.)*

> 

> **Stevens:** Okay. I'll come back to you later.

> 

> [END LOG]

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Interview Log:** 6849-1-2

> 

> **Interview Date:** 12/17/2008

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6849-8

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Stevens

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Stevens:** Are you... Maximus?

> 

> *(SCP-6849-8 silently looks down at the table.)*

> 

> **Stevens:** According to the papers we found, and your friend in the other room, you are.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **Stevens:** Look, uh, Maximus. I just need to ask you some questions.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **Stevens:** *(Sighs.)* Alright, so be it.

> 

> *(Stevens gets up to leave. SCP-6849-8 begins to shake.)*

> 

> **Stevens:** Maximus?

> 

> *(SCP-6849-8 begins to wail.)*

> 

> **Stevens:** Maximus? Shit...

> 

> *(Stevens hesitantly backs away.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** Striker... Rose-Thorn...

> 

> **Stevens:** Were... those your friends back at the Facility?

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** My... friends... my sister... my b-brothers... *Jasper*...

> 

> *(SCP-6849-8 wails again.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** Why did we do that to you? W-why did we shoot you? You d-didn't deserve it! T-t-they didn't deserve it!

> 

> **Stevens:** Are you okay?

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** I-I wanted to be cool! St-strong like Kutter said! I wanted to be strong but now I want you back!

> 

> *(SCP-6849-8 continues to wail and sob.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-8:** *I want you back! Come back!*

> 

> *(Stevens looks through the window on the door, motioning the guards to enter.)*

> 

> [END LOG]

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Interview Log:** 6849-1-3

> 

> **Interview Date:** 12/17/2008

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6849-11

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Stevens

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Stevens:** You must be Tigerlily.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Yes.

> 

> **Stevens:** Alright, off to a much better start. I'm Researcher Stevens, I'm here to ask you some questions, nothing more.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Okay.

> 

> **Stevens:** So what exactly... are you?

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** I used to be a cat.

> 

> **Stevens:** Yes, the technicians noticed all the, uh... cat parts in you during their examination.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** I'm... not really sure what I am now.

> 

> **Stevens:** Do you know who made you?

> 

> *(Pause.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** You did... Didn't you?

> 

> **Stevens:** Oh, no. Sorry if you got confused. We're not the same people who were in charge of you back at that Facility. You're not going back to them.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Oh, of course. Who are you?

> 

> **Stevens:** We're the SCP Foundation. We're in charge of... collecting stuff like you, and learning about them.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Is that what you're going to do to us?

> 

> **Stevens:** Yes. We'll be examining you and studying you, but you'll be well taken care of. You'll be completely safe here. Does that sound good to you?

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Yes, that sounds... okay.

> 

> **Stevens:** Now, as for-

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** If I may, Researcher Stevens?

> 

> **Stevens:** Yes?

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** My brother... Maximus.

> 

> **Stevens:** Oh yes, I already talked to him.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Is he okay?

> 

> **Stevens:** He's... yes, he's doing okay.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Good, I'm... glad to hear that.

> 

> *(Stevens sighs.)*

> 

> **Stevens:** You know what, how about I leave you to it for a bit. I'll come back later.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Okay.

> 

> **Stevens:** We'll find a place for the three of you soon.

> 

> [END LOG]

> 

> ~~-~~-

> = **Results**

> 

> Items 4 and 8 appeared severely distressed during the time I spoke to them. Item 11 on the other hand seemed stable, though closed-off. All of them appeared lacking in emotional development, suggesting their psychology was similar to that of an older child. Knowing this, combined with the series of events they have just endured, their reactions become more clear. Recommending full evaluation by a Foundation Psychologist.

> 

> -Researcher Stevens

The next morning, SCP-6849-8 was discovered deceased in his temporary holding cell. It was found that during the night, SCP-6849-8 had torn open his own neck and ripped apart his exposed windpipe, suffocating himself. A message written on a crumpled paper was found next to his body:

> *"Im sorry Tigerlily. I wasnt a very good brother. I did a lot bad things. I got Rose thorn and Striker killed by the people with guns. me and Striker killed Jasper becase he was like Able. He always made us mad and everyone liked him more than us. I killed our friends back home becase I wanted to be strong like Kutter said. I don't want to be strong anymore. I want to see Striker and Rose thorn and Jasper and Adam and Magnas and Matt and Peter and Silva and everyone else in heaven and tell them how sorry I am. I want to cry tell them Im sorry for killing them and then they will forgive me. And I will do all of that in heaven becase Matt said everything was perfect there and there they forgive all the bad things everyone does. Dont be sad Tigerlily please dont. Some day you and Promithius will be in heaven too and well all be a happy family again."*

SCP-6849-4 and SCP-6849-11 were put under 24/7 surveillance for approximately a month following this event. Their exoskeletons were later modified to prevent a similar event occurring.

The two surviving subjects underwent psychological evaluation, and subsequently diagnosed with moderate and severe Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, respectively. SCP-6849-11 in particular also exhibited symptoms of depression. These conditions have so far been minimized by regular therapy and treatments.

SCP-6849-3, SCP-6849-5, and SCP-6849-6 escaped the Facility during the raid and were able to evade capture by Gamma-13. The whereabouts of SCP-6849-3 and -5 were unknown until 2010, when the subject's corpses were discovered, embraced against a tree, approximately five kilometers from the site. Subsequent investigation concluded the subjects had attempted to survive in the wilderness, where their bionic components gradually deteriorated and failed over the next six months, resulting in their deaths.

SCP-6849-6 next appeared in the company of several GoI-014 (The Serpent's Hand) members on 8/4/2009, during a raid on a Foundation transport. How SCP-6849-6 came to be in the Serpent's Hand is unknown, but has since participated in multiple raids on Foundation facilities. According to information gathered from other captured members, SCP-6849-6 is aware of SCP-6849-4 and -11's current containment, ~~but has so far made no effort to contact either subject.~~ (See: Addendum 6)

---

**Addendum 6:** Contact with SCP-6849-6

At approximately midnight, on 12/16/2023, SCP-6849-6 successfully infiltrated Site-58. It is currently unknown what methods SCP-6849-6 employed to do so, but a reevaluation of Site security has since been proposed. Despite the level of access SCP-6849-6 was able to achieve, the subject only visited the containment chambers of SCP-6849-4 and -11. All security footage during the period was erased, with the exception of the interactions in the containment chambers, which have been recorded and transcribed.

> = ****Transcribed Interaction from Site-58 Medium Security Wing****

> 

> [BEGIN RECORDING]

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 is asleep in his bed within his containment chamber. A nearby speaker is playing a track from Mozart's "Ascanio in Alba". SCP-6849-4 is known to play similar pieces as a sleep-aid.  SCP-6849-4's leg kicks slightly. He then twitches, and sits up, looking across the room.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** *You!*

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 steps into view, glancing up at the camera, then back to SCP-6849-4. SCP-6849-4 leaves his bed, stepping towards SCP-6849-6. The Mozart track continues to play throughout the recording.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Why the *fuck* are you here!?

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** Not so loud, Prometheus.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** No, no, no. *Fuck you!* What made you think I wanted to see you again?

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** It's been fifteen years...

> 

> *(He reaches to his chest, touching a gold object hanging from his neck.)* 

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** ...to the day. 

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** I know what today is. I hate *remembering* today! And I was doing fine when I was asleep. Now? Now I'm thinking about every reason I have to kill you.

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** It's been so long. I... I thought you'd have moved on.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Every day I move on! I move on from the stupid pup I was! Looking up to you, talking to you about our time running around the streets, thinking we were brothers!

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** Are we not?

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** You told me we had to kill them all to be free! I killed for you! And you abandoned me! You abandoned us! Left us for some new group of psychos you could go around and kill with!

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** The Hand accepts things like us. These people here, we're just mistakes to them! Mistakes that need to be locked away! I can free you-

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 screams. He grabs a nearby skateboard off its rack, and uses it to hit SCP-6849-6. The skateboard shatters, and SCP-6849-6 stumbles back.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I'm... sorry you feel that way.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Get out!

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 throws the remaining skateboard pieces at SCP-6849-6.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** *Get out!*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I see you've made your choice. I'm gone.

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 turns and begins to leave. SCP-6849-4 speaks up after a moment of silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** She doesn't want to see you anymore than I do.

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** She'll at least receive me better.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Don't go to her, dammit!

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 opens a path through the containment door with an unknown thaumaturgical motion, he steps through it. SCP-6849-4 attempts to follow him, but the path closes. SCP-6849-4 runs back to his bed, and presses the security-alert button on his nightstand. After several tries, it becomes apparent the device is not working.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** You psychotic piece of shit!

> 

> [END RECORDING]

> = ****Transcribed Interaction from Site-58 Low Security Wing****

> 

> [BEGIN RECORDING]

> 

> *(SCP-6849-11 is at her desk, looking through her barred window. She has made no attempt to sleep during the night.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** So this is the year that you appear.

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 steps into frame.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** Yes. It's been long enough.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** It will *never* be long enough.

> 

> *(Pause.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** What are you doing?

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** This is what I do, every year. This is what I was doing when you got my sister and brothers killed.

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I didn't kill them.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Agree to disagree. 

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I-

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Why are you here? To kill me? To see me drop to my knees and beg you to take me back?

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I wanted to talk to you.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Did you talk to Prometheus?

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I did.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Then he already gave you our collective answer. Goodbye.

> 

> *(Pause.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** I brought something for-

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** I don't want it. *Goodbye.*

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 sighs. SCP-6849-11 still hasn't looked away from the window.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** There's places for people like us. *Three Portlands*, the *Wanderer's Library*... you could spend all your days browsing every book that's ever been made! You can talk to others like you! Tigerlily...

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 grabs SCP-6849-11's shoulder, trying to meet her gaze. She appears agitated, and turns away.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** You don't have to waste away in here! Come with me!

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** We all followed you once...

> 

> *(SCP-6849-11 looks up at SCP-6849-6, then to the camera, then back down.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** My place is here.

> 

> **SCP-6849-6:** *(Sighs)* Then I hope you enjoy another twenty miserable years here.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** I will.

> 

> *(SCP-6849-6 places a small wooden box on the desk in front of SCP-6849-11. SCP-6849-11 continues to look out the window as SCP-6849-6 leaves.)*

> 

> *(Approximately one minute later, SCP-6849-11 stands up, grabbing a chair and tossing across the room. Taking a moment to calm herself, she looks down at the box and picks it up. She begins to open it. At this moment, the footage corrupts, likely due to tampering by SCP-6849-6 just before his departure from the Site.)*

> 

> [END RECORDING]

SCP-6849-6 has made no known attempts to contact SCP-6849-4 and -11 since the incident. The item gifted to SCP-6849-11 was turned over immediately to security. Despite repeated attempts by researchers, it has not been reopened.

Both SCP-6849-4 and -11 exhibited a notable decline in mood after the incident, but later recovered. Three months later, with the backing of Head Researcher Lucian, SCP-6849-4 and SCP-6849-11 sent a request for roles within Foundation staff. This request is under review as of %%updated_at|%m/%d/%Y%%.

---

**Addendum 7:** Experiment Log

> *Alright, look. We all need a palate cleanser after slogging through that giant wall of sadness, so I'm putting this here. Can't handle some cheer in your life? Skip it. Report me to Site Command all you want, I made sure to meet all the requirements of an official experiment log and it's staying right here. -Dr. Charley Lucian, SCP-6849 Head Researcher.*

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+ Open Experiment Log +</summary>

> = **Test 1**

> 

> **Experiment:** Determine SCP-6849-4's aeronautical interception abilities.

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 is hopping with excitement on the grass foyer outside Site-58. Dr. Lucian is holding the camera.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Come on already!

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Hang on... I gotta get the info in.

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** *(Groans.)*

> 

> *(Dr. Lucian holds up a blue frisbee.)*

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Experiment number one. Can Prometheus catch a frisbee?

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Of course I can! I just oiled my joints this morning!

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Let's go!

> 

> *(Dr. Lucian throws the frisbee down the foyer. SCP-6849-4 runs after it.)*

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Look at him go!

> 

> *(The frisbee drifts left, towards the parking lot.)*

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Uh...

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 jumps towards and catches the frisbee in his mouth, only to crash himself into a nearby vehicle. Damaging it and activating its alarm.)*

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Ah, *shit!*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** *(Holding up the frisbee.)* I got it!

> 

> [END LOG]

> 

> **Result:** SCP-6849-4 successfully intercepted and caught target object. Collateral damage to Dr. Landston's car was compensated with the agreement of Head Researcher Lucian preforming Dr. Landston's tax work next year, as well as taking care of her snake during her impending vacation.

> = **Test 2**

> 

> **Experiment:** Observe SCP-6849-11's Reaction to Commercialized Nepetalactone. Also known as *Catnip*. 

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> *(SCP-6849-11 is sitting at a table in Site-58's library, reading a book.)*

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Alright, experiment number two.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** *(Jolting back.) Shit!* When did you get here?

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** That's not the question we're asking today...

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Is this for that experiment log you're trying to do? I appreciate the effort but-

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** The question is 'how will Tigerlily react to *this?*'

> 

> *(Dr. Lucian holds up a bag of catnip.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** What- hey!

> 

> *(Dr. Lucian opens the bag.)*

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Let's find out!

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** This is demeaning. I'm leave-

> 

> *(Dr. Lucian picks a small clump of catnip from the bag, and tosses it on SCP-6849-11's face.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** Ah! Seriously!?

> 

> *(SCP-6849-11 wipes off a portion of the catnip.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** What is wrong with you!?

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** What's wrong with you? I thought this would work.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** They removed my nasal cavity. I can't smell this!

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** Oh, right. Forgot about that.

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** *(Sighs)* Have fun cleaning this up. I'm going to go clean my face.

> 

> *(SCP-6849-11 puts her book in her bag and leaves.)*

> 

> [END LOG]

> 

> **Result:** No effect on SCP-6849-11 due to the subject's lack of *olfactory epithelium* tissue. Stray catnip was cleaned from surrounding surfaces to the best of Head Researcher Lucian's abilities, despite the voiced animosity of passing cleaning staff.

> = **Test 3**

> 

> **Experiment:** Determine SCP-6849-4 and -11's ability to formulate and execute immature, invasive experiments on Head Researcher Lucian. As well as observe his reaction to the stated experiments.

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 is sitting in the subject's chair in one of Site-58's examination rooms. Dr. Lucian is standing across the room, facing away, and typing something on his laptop. SCP-6849-11, who is holding the camera, approaches SCP-6849-4, handing him an electric hair clipper. SCP-6849-4 nods, getting up and sneaking behind Dr. Lucian.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-4:** Experiment three, *bitch!*

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 runs the clipper up the back of Dr. Lucian's head, shaving off a large swath of his hair. Dr. Lucian turns around, alarmed.)*

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** The hell!? You...

> 

> *(Dr. Lucian rubs the back of his head, looking at them both. He begins to laugh, after a moment, SCP-6849-4 and SCP-6849-11 begin to laugh as well.)*

> 

> **Dr. Lucian:** And to *think*, you two just got promoted.

> 

> *(SCP-6849-4 and -11 go silent. They look to each other, and back to Dr. Lucian.)*

> 

> **SCP-6849-11:** You don't mean-

> 

> [END LOG]

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6849-4 and SCP-6849-11's request for Foundation occupations has been accepted. Subjects have been made interns in the *Department of Anomalous Humanoid Psychology* and the *[https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/aeed-orientation Anomalous Entity Engagement Division]//, respectively, with the possibility for future advancement.

</details>

@@ @@

---

<< [SCP-6848](SCP-6848) | SCP-6849 | [SCP-6850](SCP-6850) >>

=====

> **Filename:** gleipnir-icon.svg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP-6643](https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-6643/gleipnir-icon.svg)

> **Filename:** AndersonLogo.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Anderson Robotics Hub](https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/anderson-robotics-hub/AndersonLogo1.jpg)

=====
