]

[!~~ Add email formatting. ~~]

.logbox {

    display: inline-block;

    float: top;

    padding: 1px 15px;

    -moz-box-sizing: border-box;

    -webkit-box-sizing: border-box;

    -ms-box-sizing: border-box;

    box-sizing: border-box;

    width:100%;

    margin: auto;

    border: solid 2px #000000;

    box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5);

}

.tofrom {

    margin-left: 10px;

    margin-top: 5px;

    padding: 1px 15px;

    border-left: solid 3px maroon;

}

**SCP-6046** - *Marble Madness*

Written by 

**[ MORE BY THIS AUTHOR](miragetd )**

]

[!~~ Undo some of the stuff caused by using pending and customizable acs. ~~]

.anom-bar-container.pending .second-class,

.anom-bar-container.pending .text-part > .main-class::before {

    display: flex;

}

.anom-bar-container.pending .danger-diamond > .top-icon {

    width: 33%;

    height: 33%;

    top: 0.25rem;

    left: 33.5%;

    border-width: 0.1875rem;

}

.anom-bar-esoteric .anom-bar-container.pending .text-part > .main-class::before {

    top: calc(50% - 2.25rem) !important;

    right: 1.5rem !important;

}

.anom-bar-esoteric .anom-bar-container.pending .text-part > .main-class::after {

    top: calc(50% - 2.25rem) !important;

    right: 0.5rem !important;

}

@media (max-width: 875px ) {

    .anom-bar-esoteric .anom-bar-container.pending .text-part > .main-class::before {

        top: 1.2rem !important;

        right: 1.5rem !important;

    }

    .anom-bar-esoteric .anom-bar-container.pending .text-part > .main-class::after {

        top: 1.2rem !important;

        right: 0.5rem !important;

    }

}

@media (max-width: 480px ) {

    .danger-diamond > .top-icon {

        top: 0.375rem !important;

    }

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6046 instances are stored in a jar sealed with a rubber stopper. No object which uses mechanical fastenersBolts, rivets, screws, etcetera. to connect its discrete elements is to be brought within four meters of SCP-6046's container.

Until uncontained SCP-6046 instances are recovered, maintenance staff are to report any weak mechanical connections found on-site to Dr. Emiel Rozmun.

**Description:** SCP-6046 is a set of 12 marbles, each of which cause mechanical connections within a radius of 3.4 meters to weaken. Experiments have shown them to be capable of reforming the tails of rivets as well as loosening bolts, nuts, screws and nails. SCP-6046 has no effect on adhesives.

**Addendum 6046.1:** Incident 6046.1

Dr. Annise Silverman, the researcher formerly responsible for SCP-6046, experienced a psychotic episode following exposure to a cognitohazardSee Experiment Log 830-9005.. Before Dr. Silverman was diagnosed and detained for treatment, she removed four instances of SCP-6046 from containment, none of which which were found on her person or in any of her work spaces when searched. Responsibility for SCP-6046 has been delegated to Dr. Rozmun until such time as Dr. Silverman recovers.

**Addendum 6046.2:** Incident 6046.2

A space heater mounted to the wall of a staff break room became dislodged, striking Researcher Simon Colbert when it fell. Colbert survived the impact, however it caused severe damage to his frontal lobe which has resulted in a number of antisocial behaviors. An uncontained instance of SCP-6046 was discovered in the same break room during the subsequent investigation.

**Addendum 6046.3:** Archived Correspondence

The following recommendations from Dr. Rozmun are being considered for implementation pending review.

**To:** Director Zeig Skannon

**From:** Doctor Emiel Rozmun

**Subject:** SCP-6046

---

Given the incidents these have been involved in, I thought it appropriate to move them from the [ anomalous items log](log-of-anomalous-items-vol-iii ) to an official database entry. I also have some suggestions regarding their containment:

# Take a more proactive approach to recovering missing instances

# Increase the frequency of my psych evals

# Give SCP-6046 a Euclid containment class until we're certain it doesn't manipulate circumstances to cause mental instability

I know the evidence is only circumstantial, but I can't be the only one concerned that the thing linked to people losing their minds is a set of lost marbles which make screws come loose.

<< [SCP-6045](SCP-6045) | SCP-6046 | [SCP-6047](SCP-6047) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Anomalous.svg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** [ CC BY-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ )

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/calibri-s-mega-cool-art-page-it-s-mostly-just-icons-but-what

=====

=====

> **Filename:** marbles.jpg

> **Name:** Marbles

> **Author:** James Petts

> **License:** [ CC BY-SA 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/ )

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/14730981@N08/11879733964

=====
