⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains minor descriptions of gore, potentially agoraphobic descriptions of violent mob mentality, and implied bigotry and hate.

**Anomaly Number:** SCP-6203

**Anomaly Class:** Euclid

**Personnel Clearance Level:** 4 

**Anomaly Containment Procedures:** SCP-6203 has been removed from its original structure and currently resides in Site-22’s C-wing for containing Memetic Hazards. Foundation personnel have been banned from testing SCP-6203 in any form due to the extremely high risk of a containment breach occurring due to SCP-6203's secondary effects.

Citizens that have participated in an SCP-6203-1 event are to be interviewed and amnesticized according to standard Foundation protocol.

Due to the strength of SCP-6203-1's perceptual effect, Foundation personnel assigned to study and analyze SCP-6203's effects are to go through extensive neurocognitive restructuring procedures as well as cognitive therapy in order to see the RABBIT as more than such.

The RABBIT is not a RABBIT. The RABBIT is not prey. The RABBIT is a victim.

The RABBIT does not deserve this. The RABBIT should be allowed life. The RABBIT deserves peace.

**Anomaly Description:**  SCP-6203 is a four-chair seating unit with a table previously located in a lounging area in Oleson Community College's engineering facility. Oleson Community College is located in Newark, NJ, USA.  SCP-6203's anomalous effect only occurs when all five pieces of the set are within the same 7.6 meter radius of each other.

SCP-6203's primary anomalous effect is triggered when a subject sits in one of its chairs for a period longer than 5 hours without standing up or succumbing to sleep. Once the following time threshold and criteria have been passed, the subject sitting at SCP-6203 will undergo an immediate semanto-conceptual memetic shift that permanently overwrites their base conceptual framework. This framework (consisting of concepts such as "human," "person," and "individual") is replaced by a network of concepts related to base instinctual predatory behaviors (consisting of concepts such as "prey," "weak," and "give chase"). The shift and its effects will hereby be referred to as SCP-6203-1. The main subjects of SCP-6203-1 are referred to as the RABBIT, as it has been agreed upon by Foundation researchers to be a more befitting identifier.

Once SCP-6203-1 occurs, those physically closest to the RABBIT will immediately perceive them as lesser. As SCP-6203-1's effect is weak at first, those who see the RABBIT will initially react with slight disgust, anger, or agitation. As time passes, SCP-6203-1's effect increases in strength exponentially, causing those nearby to eventually abandon social cues in order to pursue the RABBIT on foot. When more than six individuals begin pursuing the RABBIT, SCP-6203-1 applies itself to those chasing the RABBIT, meaning that if either the RABBIT or a subject chasing the RABBIT is viewed, the viewer will be infected as well and will join the group in pursuing the RABBIT.

The pursuit will not end until the RABBIT is terminated. Once the RABBIT is terminated, all subjects affected will lose their aggressive tendencies and return to their previous duties. Subjects experience no remorse over any actions that they may have committed while under SCP-6203's influence. The only ones mourned are those that were lost due to mass hysteria.

Regarding SCP-6203 and SCP-6203-1's exact properties and origins, various hypotheses have been approached with varying levels of criticism. The most conclusive result was presented by Senior Researcher Michael Argento, hypothesizing that SCP-6203's effects could have potentially arisen from SCP-6203 naturally or synthetically triggering a mutation of the [[INFORMATION LOCKED](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4057)].

**Addendum 6203.1:** May 22nd Case Study

The following transcript is currently the most documented instance of an SCP-6203-1 outbreak that the Foundation has recovered. Of note is that the May 22nd case is also the longest instance of an SCP-6203-1 outbreak on record, making it and its documentation essential material regarding the widespread effects of the anomaly on its local populace. The aftermath of this incident is what also brought the anomaly to Foundation attention as a whole.

> **Date:** 22/5/2019

> **RABBIT:** V. N.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> 

> [RECORDING RESUMES]

> 

> 

> **<17:34>** V. N. is viewed sitting at SCP-6203, attention focused on his laptop screen. V. N. has been sitting in one of SCP-6203's chairs for a period of 4 hours, 58 minutes, and 23 seconds.

> 

> **<17:36>** SCP-6203's effect is triggered and SCP-6203-1 occurs. V. N. becomes the RABBIT. The RABBIT does not react.

> 

> **<17:37>** Two individuals standing shoulder-to-shoulder walk past SCP-6203 and the RABBIT. They are both seen glaring at the RABBIT as they pass, with one of them shielding their mouth in order to whisper something unintelligible to their associate.

> 

> **<17:39>** A group of students are seen exiting a classroom doorway nearby. Upwards of 9 individuals are recorded viewing the RABBIT and reacting accordingly. 

> 

> **<17:41>** A man from the concluded lecture is seen standing at a hallway entrance behind SCP-6203 and the RABBIT. Subject can be viewed staring at the RABBIT and breathing heavily.

> 

> **<17:42>** More students are viewed exiting various classrooms nearby.

> 

> **<17:42>** The man watching the RABBIT raises an arm and points at the RABBIT, looking around at others nearby. The subject's jaw is clenched.

> 

> **<17:43>** Due to the attention brought towards the RABBIT by the man, SCP-6203-1’s effect begins rapidly spreading. More subjects begin pointing at the RABBIT and talking amongst themselves. Many are seen stopping in their tracks upon viewing either the RABBIT or other infected individuals. The man walks up to the RABBIT and grabs it by the shoulder, pulling it out of SCP-6203. A small crowd begins gathering.

> 

> **<17:43>**  The man that pulled the RABBIT out of its seat punches it in the jaw and sternum, knocking it to the ground. Those infected with SCP-6203-1 begin murmuring affirmations and agreements, jeering at the display. Infected individuals begin calling more and more attention to themselves and the RABBIT, reinforcing the semantic effect.

> 

> **<17:44>** The man grabs the RABBIT by the legs, pulling it towards himself. He attempts to wrap his hands around the RABBIT's throat, presumably to strangle it, but the RABBIT is able to grab the man's face and push its thumb into his right eye socket. Blood and vitreous humor is seen flowing from the man's damaged eye as he lets go of the RABBIT to place his hand on his face, screaming in pain. The RABBIT is able to quickly get to its feet, now seeing the gathering circle of people surrounding them. The group is tense, their aggression thinly veiled.

> 

> **<17:44>** After a pause, another subject lunges towards the RABBIT. The lunge is clumsy and uncalculated, easily allowing the RABBIT to dodge. The RABBIT then flees through the gap in the crowd left by the sudden attacker, pushing through them as the mob's tension snaps.

> 

> **<17:45>** Angered shouts and screaming breaks out in the lounge area as infected subjects begin pursuing the RABBIT. The RABBIT exits the lounge and makes its way down a flight of stairs in order to reach the ground floor of the facility. The group of infected (~35 individuals) are approximately 4 meters behind the RABBIT as it exits the building.

> 

> **<17:46>** The RABBIT successfully flees the building, making its way down the street as the group follows suit. Those on the campus walkways take pause as they watch the chase before joining the group. The RABBIT begins ~~pathetically wailing~~ screaming for help. This only calls the attention of those nearby who did not previously witness the chase, once more adding more subjects to the mass. As the RABBIT exits campus grounds and enters the surrounding city blocks, the group has expanded to ~50 individuals.

> 

> 

> [EXTRANEOUS FOOTAGE REMOVED]

> 

> 

> **<18:02>** The RABBIT hides on a fire escape on the fifth floor of an abandoned residential apartment complex. On the ground below is a massive crowd, consisting of upwards of ~4,000 individuals, and still expanding. Some brandish weapons; guns, bats, crowbars, makeshift sharpened sticks and other objects. There is a small opening in the crowd where a few have gathered, standing on top of a dented car in order to address as much of the mob as possible. Though the speaker is unknown, the following passage is heard over the sounds of the mob:

> 

>> ...makes its way into OUR city, into OUR home, and it thinks that it can forge its little parasitic nest inside *OUR* way of life? NO, you and I all know how we will *NOT* let that *STAND.* We aren't going to let a disgusting, sniveling little *SHIT* weasel its way into our hearts! Nay, we are going to find it, we are going to *show* it what happens to rodents like its brethren, we are going to take it and show it pain before using its filthy *fucking* remains to help rebuild the world it made us destroy in our haste to get rid of it.

>>  

>> *WE WILL MAKE IT BLEED, AND IT WILL BE **ECSTACY.***

> 

> **<18:03>** The mob cheers in response. Small portions of the mob disperse, running in groups of ~5 to ~30 in order to comb through surrounding city blocks. The central mass of the mob remains, with those standing on top of the car consistently heightening the infecteds' emotional states. 

> 

> **<18:04>** The RABBIT cries quietly to itself. It is curled up in the fetal position as it sits on the fire escape. It holds a smartphone in its hands and can be seen using it, although what exactly it is doing cannot be determined through the footage.

> 

> **<18:04>** A woman sticks her head out of the window adjacent to where the RABBIT is hiding. She immediately sees the RABBIT and smiles gleefully. She takes in a breath and screams that she "found it" at the top of her lungs, grabbing the RABBIT by an ankle and roughly pulling it across the fire escape floor towards herself.

> 

> **<18:04>** The crowd pauses at the exclamation before erupting into a frenzy. Some swarm the entrance to the abandoned building while others are seen screaming in rage, faces red and foaming at the mouth. Multiple subjects can be seen being knocked over in the frenzy and subsequently trampled. Others can be seen accidentally harming themselves on either their own weapons or the weapons of others due to the crowd crush. The woman who found the RABBIT pauses, surveying the chaos below. She looks at the RABBIT before looking down at the crowd once more. With one swift motion, she grabs both of the RABBIT's ankles and pulls upwards, throwing off its balance and toppling it over the fire escape's ledge.

> 

> **<18:05>** The RABBIT plummets, screaming. The mob below swiftly gathers underneath it and breaks its fall by using their hands to catch it before it hit the ground. They then pass the RABBIT to the approximate center of the crowd before laying it on the ground. They move back for a moment, leaving a few feet of space around the RABBIT as they stare at it. The members of the mob are smiling with eagerness, satisfaction, and pride. Multiple subjects are viewed licking their lips.

> 

> **<18:06>** The mob immediately descends upon the RABBIT, fully obscuring it from view. Glimpses of red can be seen amongst the thresh, along with bits of viscera. While frenzied, the crowd revels in the RABBIT's blood.

> 

> 

> [EXTRANEOUS FOOTAGE REMOVED]

> 

> 

> 

> [VIDEO EXCERPT ENDS]

> 

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-6203's aggressive effects wore off of the mob ~4 hours after the RABBIT had been terminated. All subjects went back to their routines, tending to the wounded and dead as well as cleaning the blood and viscera off of their clothes and skin. The RABBIT's remains were left in the center of the road.

The Ethics Committee would like to reiterate that *any* and *all* testing on SCP-6203 is banned *under any circumstances*. Any Foundation personnel found submitting testing requests for SCP-6203 will be immediately fired from their Foundation position and fully amnesticized.

<< [SCP-6202](SCP-6202) | SCP-6203 | [SCP-6204](SCP-6204) >>
