**Item #:** SCP-6340

**Threat Level:** Green ●

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:**

The remains of SCP-6340-1 are to be stored in a Vehicle Containment Bay and treated with anti-corrosion treatments in order to avoid any further damage. SCP-6340-1 is to be inspected twice a month for any sign of corrosion.

SCP-6340-2 is to be contained in a standard Anomalous Vehicle Containment Bay. The walls of SCP-6340-2's chamber are to be reinforced to resist 12.8 cm armor piercing rounds and high explosive shells.

A teacher specialized in English and German is to be assigned to SCP-6340-2 on Wednesdays and Thursdays for 4 hour sessions of class to assist SCP-6340-2 in learning both languages to ease communications. A psychiatrist is to be assigned to SCP-6340-2, with scheduled meetings weekly to monitor the mental state of SCP-6340-2.

Various toys are to be provided to SCP-6340-2 for its entertainment. Said toys are to be temporarily removed from the containment bay as a disciplinary action if SCP-6340-2 is to ever fire its main gun without proper authorization. Once a week, SCP-6340-2 is to be maintained and cleaned under the guise of a doctor's visit.

**Description:** 

SCP-6340 is the designation for two German 12.8 cm Selbstfahrlafette auf VK 30.01(H) self-propelled anti-fortification guns,More commonly known under the nickname "Sturer Emil". respectively designated SCP-6340-1 and SCP-6340-2.

SCP-6340-2 generates a constant stream of white noise only audible less than 10 meters from SCP-6340-2. The noise generated by SCP-6340-2 is able to be translated to speech by placing a radio set to the frequency of 115.08 GHz in the proximity of SCP-6340-2. The voice emanating from SCP-6340-2 is similar to that of a 6-year-old boy.

SCP-6340-2 is autonomous. Interviews with SCP-6340-2 have demonstrated that it is capable of firing its main armament. It is unknown how SCP-6340-2 is capable of seeming typical operation without fuel and ammunition.

Due to the neutralized status of SCP-6340-1 prior to being acquired by the Foundation, it is unknown if SCP-6340-1 shares the same anomalous properties as SCP-6340-2 or not, although discussions with SCP-6340-2 seem to suggest the former to be true.

The anomalous properties of SCP-6340-2 were discovered in April 1993 when a tour guide at the Kubinka tank museum notified the museum owners of strange static emanating from the captured "Sturer Emil" tank on exhibition. This tank was eventually designated SCP-6340-2. Later that year, SCP-6340-2 escaped from the museum during the night before stopping 700 meters away from its initial position. Agents of the Russian branch of the Foundation present at the museum came into contact with SCP-6340-2 and took it into custody. Workers and visitors of the museum were informed that the "Sturer Emil" tank exhibit had been taken to a different facility for restoration.

**Interview 6340-2 #1:**

In the initial year of its containment, several attempts had been made to try and produce meaningful communication from the static generated occasionally by SCP-6340-2. The following is a transcript of the first successful communication with SCP-6340-2:

<details>
<summary>+ Level 2 Access required</summary>

> [START OF LOG]

> 

> **Senior Researcher Wasp:** -tempt 45, Zrinyi please set the frequency to 102.9 GHz.

> 

> **Researcher Zrinyi:** Frequency is set, sir. 

> 

> *Static can be heard growing louder as SCP-6340-2 approaches Researcher Zrinyi. The radio used is unresponsive.*

> 

> **Researcher Zrinyi:** *Sigh* Well, nothing on that one either. Another frequency, sir?

> 

> **Senior Researcher Wasp:** Uhh, I don't know Zrinyi, just set it to a random frequency at this point and just hope you land on the right one. I'm going to get us some coffee. Marten, take my place while I'm gone.

> 

> **Researcher Zrinyi:** Sure, it's easy when you're not down there with an autonomous machine that's constantly moving around making a ruckus….

> 

> **Senior Researcher Wasp:** [distant] What was that? Couldn't quite hear you over the sounds of your 35-ton friend moving around! By the way, do you two want anything? My treat.

> 

> **Researcher Zrinyi:** I wouldn’t mind a cup of tea, actually!

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** I’ll pass, but thanks. 

> 

> *2 hours go by without any change in the radio. SCP-6340-2 is heard moving around the whole time.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Wasp:** Well, I’ve had enough, set it to 115-ish and if it doesn't work then we’ll be done here. We'll try it again with Turán tomorrow.

> 

> **Researcher Zrinyi:** Fine by me. 

> 

> **Senior Researcher Wasp:** All right then [Clears throat] Attempt number 88. Zrinyi, proceed with the frequency.

> 

> *The radio used is unresponsive.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Wasp:** I’ve seen enough, let's g-

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** Hallo? Kannst du mich hören? Hello? Can you hear me? 

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Wait, was that a kid?

> 

> **Researcher Zrinyi:** Holy hell, it worked. 

>  

>  **Senior Researcher Wasp:** What in the world, Marten! Get down here and translate. 

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Roger that, sir.

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** Ich bin schläfrig.. I'm sleepy.. 

> 

> **Researcher Zrinyi:** Hold on, we’re getting you a translator.

> 

> *Security Officer Marten is heard entering the room and approaching SCP-6340-2. The rest of the conversation has been translated for ease of understanding.*

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Hello there, can you hear me?

>  

> **SCP-6340-2:** Hi..

> 

>  **Researcher Zrinyi:** Go on, he won’t hurt you, I promise.

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** O-okay.. Who are you, sir? Are you here to play with me?

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Maybe later, can you tell me your name? 

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** I'm Moritz, sir! What's your name? 

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** You can call me Dietrich. Say, Moritz, can you tell me about yourself? Like... Where are your parents?

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** Of course! I- Uhh.. I'm 6 years old! I don’t have parents but, uhh, I have a big brother, his name's Max!

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** A brother.. Can you tell me about him? Is he like you?

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** Yes! Although.. I haven’t really seen him in awhile. The last time we were together, we were playing with our friends, but he had to leave somewhere and didn’t tell me where. I hope he is okay…

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Oh, I’m sorry to hear that Moritz, I’m sure your, uh, brother is fine. You mentioned friends? What did you mean?

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:**  They were always with us; we played lots of games with them! The game we played the most was hide n' seek! Although we were always the seeker... When we found someone, our friends told us to play a prank on them with my firecrackers and they would be happy! Max was very good at it.

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:**  Firecrackers, you say.. Fuck, these guys had a twisted sense of humor to call that a prank...

> 

> **Senior Researcher Wasp**: Dietrich, sorry to interrupt your chat, but we shouldn’t continue further. We need to inform the higher-ups and await orders for what to do next.

> 

>  **Security Officer Marten:** Roger that. *Ahem* Alright, thank you, Moritz, although now I have to leave, okay? It's getting late. 

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** But I don't want you to go...

>  

> **Security Officer Marten:** Don't worry, I will be back tomorrow, okay? I'll even bring in some toys!

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** Really?! I haven't had toys in so long! Goodnight, mister Dietrich.

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Goodnight, Moritz.

> 

> [END OF LOG]

>

</details>

Following the initial interaction with SCP-6340-2, measures were taken to update its containment procedures accordingly. Several interviews were scheduled with SCP-6340-2 to learn more about its past. Security Officer Marten was from now on assigned personally to SCP-6340-2, due to the attachment SCP-6340-2 displayed to him, while also acting as a translator. 

A search was initiated to try and possibly recover the remains of SCP-6340-1 using both German and Soviet reports of where SCP-6340 fought during the Second World War. SCP-6340-1 was eventually discovered preserved in a swamp in 2004 by a group of scavengers looking for WWII memorabilia. Following the news, SCP-6340-1 was retrieved and examined; test results showed SCP-6340-1 to be no different from a typical tank's wreckage.

SCP-6340-2 was assigned lessons with a specialized language teacher at the request of Senior Researcher Wasp in the hopes of SCP-6340-2 eventually being able to communicate more easily with other members of the Foundation without the need of a translator.

 **Interview 6340-2 #4:**

It was suggested by Senior Researcher Wasp to introduce a child psychiatrist to SCP-6340-2 to better understand it. Security Officer Marten also suggested to reward SCP-6340-2 for its good behavior with a toy in the form of a giant ball to accommodate for SCP-6340-2’s size. Both requests were accepted by the Site Director. The following is a transcript of the interview:

<details>
<summary>+ Level 3 Access required</summary>

> [START OF LOG]

> 

> *The blast door to SCP-6340-2 chamber is heard opening followed by footsteps. SCP-6340-2 is unresponsive, seemingly sleeping.*

> 

> **Psychiatrist Emilie :** Wow, I know I was briefed on this, but seeing a tank vibrate like that is still quite the odd sight. Are you sure this is safe?

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Moritz's sleeping, he often does at this hour.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Wasp:** It's as safe as a tank with the temper of a kid could be…

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Come on, Moritz ain’t like that. He hasn’t shown any aggressive behavior since he arrived here, he is just a kid. Now then, let me wake him up. [With a raised voice] Moritz come on, it’s already 9AM, you need to wake up.

> 

> *The sound of an engine starting is heard from SCP-6340-2 as it is awakens.*

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** H-Hello mister Dietrich, oh hello mister Wespe! Who is the lady with you?

> 

> **Psychiatrist Emilie:** Hello Moritz! I’m a friend of Dietrich, you can call me Emilie.

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Emilie is going to ask you a few questions about your past, she’s a doctor like Wasp. You don't need to be afraid, we’re going to be both nearby.

> 

>  **SCP-6340-2:** O-Okay!

> 

> **Psychiatrist Emilie:** Splendid, now can you tell me a bit about your past? You told Dietrich about your previous… friends when you were with your brother, can you tell me a bit more about them?

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** They were very nice to me and Max although we were only allowed to talk to them, apparently the others didn’t like kids. When Max had to go to the doctors they would always sleep with me because I was scared of the dark..

> 

> **Psychiatrist Emilie:** They sound like nice people. When was the last time you saw them ?

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** Th-They were arguing about something I didn’t quite hear.. Afterwards there was a huge noise and everything went black! When I woke up I was all alone…  

>  

> **Psychiatrist Emilie:** Oh... I’m sorry to hear that Moritz. I’m sure they didn’t do this on purpose. Now, Moritz, for this next question I want you to tell me what you remember about the last time you heard from your brother Max.

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** I...I don’t really remember..

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Go on Moritz, don’t be afraid. We are just trying to help you.

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** O-One of my friends came to me one day, they told me that Max wouldn’t come back.. I cried and.. and-

> 

> *A loud engine noise similar to a small explosion is heard, cutting off SCP-6340-2. After a few minutes the subject remains unresponsive and halts all movements. Sounds that were generated by SCP-6340-2 also cease.*

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** M-Moritz?!

> 

> **Psychiatrist Emilie:** I-is that normal for him?

> 

> **Senior Researcher Wasp:** No, that’s new.. And I don’t like it. Marten try and manually start him from the driver seat!

> 

> *Security Officer Marten can be heard climbing inside SCP-6340-2 followed by the sound of an engine failing to ignite.*

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Fuck! Come on Moritz, wake up!

> 

> **Senior Researcher Wasp:** We’re ending the interview here. Marten! get out of there and escort Emilie out!

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** But sir-

> 

>  **Senior Researcher Wasp:** This is an order, I’m staying with Moritz until he wakes up.

> 

> [END OF LOG]

</details>

**Addendum 6340-2/2006:**

Over the  course of the year 2006, the mental state of SCP-6340-2 worsened. After a thorough debate between project staff, it was decided to inform SCP-6340-2 of the death of SCP-6340-1 in order to allow the anomaly to properly grieve SCP-6340-1 and allow its mental state to recover.

<details>
<summary>+ Level 2 Access required</summary>

> [START LOG]

> 

> *SCP-6340-2 is heard playing with a few toys, after a few minutes the blast door is heard opening allowing Security Officer Marten and Reseacher Zrinyi to enter the chamber.*  

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Alright here goes..*Ahem* Hello buddy! Are you playing with your toys?

> 

> *SCP-6340-2 stops moving and is unresponsive.*

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Come on Moritz, where are your manners buddy? Don’t you want to greet your friends?

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** I'm sorry..

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** It's nothing buddy, I- *sigh* We found your brother, Max, but he... he passed away.

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** That's okay, I'll just see him later! 

> 

> *A loud engine noise is emitted from SCP-6340-2 followed by the sounds of tracks as SCP-6340-2 faces Security Officer Marten.*

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** No, Moritz..

> 

> **Researcher Zrinyi:** Moritz, when a person dies they don't come back.. 

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** E-ever?

> 

> **Researcher Zrinyi:** Well no, unfortunatly.. But be happy, knowing your brother loved you dearly all the way to the end! 

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:**  I...

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Moritz… Max has gone to a better place. Just like your friends, what you can do is cherish your memories with them..

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** No! No! You’re lying! Max will come back, he promised!

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** Moritz… 

> 

> **SCP-6340-2:** He promised..

> 

> *SCP-6340-2 begins crying, Researcher Zrinyi can be heard comforting SCP-6340-2 by softly humming a lullaby to appease SCP-6340-2. After two minutes SCP-6340-2 calms down and goes to sleep.*

> 

> **Security Officer Marten:** I think we can stop here, we should leave him alone.  

> 

> [END OF LOG]

SCP-6340-2 underwent the grieving process for several days, receiving multiple visits of various approved staff members to keep it company and cheer them up. SCP-6340-2 eventually got better by the end of the year 2006 and as since then recovered.

</details>

<< [SCP-6339](SCP-6339) | SCP-6340 | [SCP-6341](SCP-6341) >>
