Written by .

For more by me, go to [ my Author Page!](metalRavioli-s-author-page )

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-225

Dir. Edward B. Irkiv

Dr. Helen Drumm

N/A

---

**Special Containment Procedures**

SCP-6922 is to be contained in a 90-liter freshwater fish tank in the wildlife containment wing of [Site-225](secure-facility-dossier-site-225). SCP-6922 is to be fed on a daily basis and is to be provided with several hiding spots. Any amenities requested by SCP-6922 are to be provided on a case-by-case basis.

No substances that could be identified as "pollution" are permitted to be within a 30-meter radius of SCP-6922's containment tank.

**Description**

SCP-6922 is a male member of the Thai micro crab.*Limnopilos naiyanetri* species measuring approximately 0.8cm in length. SCP-6922 is sapient and is capable of speech, and is capable of communicating clearly through water, as well as being capable of breathing air.

SCP-6922 is highly resilient to low temperatures, having been seen in 5°C waters with no negative effects present.

Any object or substance that would be considered "pollution" that comes within A 20-meter radius of SCP-6922 will demanifest. SCP-6922 is aware of this and has previously used this effect to its advantage, in an attempt to cleanse bodies of water.

**Addendum 6922.01:** Initial Discovery Log

SCP-6922 was discovered on 10/13/2021, during a Foundation oil spill cleanup caused by SCP-████ in a large lake, which led into a small stream. The events consisting of SCP-6922's discovery have been logged below.

<details>
<summary>+ Access Discovery Log 6922-1</summary>

> = **DISCOVERY LOG**

> **Date:** 10/13/2021

> ~~-~~-

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *(The camera turns on. The view is from Dr. Anole's headgear. Dr. Anole is overseeing an oil spill cleanup, where several agents are seen skimming the stream and removing oil. Researcher Evel approaches Dr. Anole.)*

> 

> **Researcher Evel:** Everything is going according to plan, Doctor.

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** Excellent. SCP-████ is subdued?

> 

> **Researcher Evel:** Correct. The entity shouldn't be active for another-

> 

> *(Researcher Evel is interrupted by Agent Marshall, who is seen running towards the two.)*

> 

> **Agent Marshall:** Doctor!

> 

> *(Researcher Evel and Dr. Anole turn towards Agent Marshall.)*

> 

> **Agent Marshall:** Doctor, something's happening upstream. Come quick!

> 

> *(Researcher Evel and Dr. Anole look to each other, and then begin to follow Agent Marshall. Agent Marshall leads the two upstream, where the oil coating the stream is seen disappearing.)*

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** What is this?

> 

> **Researcher Evel:** Do you know what's causing this, Marshall?

> 

> **Agent Marshall:** Not sure. Morgan's sensors detected some movement in the water, but it wasn't much.

> 

> **Researcher Evel:** *(looking towards Dr. Anole)* Perhaps it's another anomaly?

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** Could be. Evel, contact 225. Tell them we may need a containment team on standby. Marshall, get Morgan down here.

> 

> **Researcher Evel:** On it.

> 

> **Agent Marshall:** Ditto.

> 

> *(Researcher Evel begins walking back upstream, as does Agent Marshall. Dr. Anole begins looking in the water, in an attempt to find any movement. After approximately 5 minutes, he spots SCP-6922. He leans in close to the entity)*

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** Is that a crab?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** *(coughs)* Jesus Christ man, have a mint!

> 

> *(Dr. Anole is frightened by SCP-6922 and falls back onto the ground. Dr. Anole remains on the ground for approximately 15 seconds, seemingly in shock, before looking around. Dr. Anole spots a clipboard atop a nearby supply crate and grabs it. He then slowly returns to the water, and cautiously looks into the stream. He searches for approximately 7 seconds before he spots SCP-6922.)*

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** I- Hello?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Hello! I'm here! What do you want?

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** Um. Are... are you the crab?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** The fuck you mean? Of course I'm the crab.

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** And, you can understand me?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Are you that stupid? I'm answering you! Jesus Christ...

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** Um... By any chance are you causing the oil to demanifest?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Demanifest? In English, professor.

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** Are you causing the oil to go away?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Yeah. Pretty neat, huh?

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** Yeah it is... *(Dr. Anole begins taking notes)* How long have you been here?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** The fuck you mean by "here"? *(SCP-6922 makes several motions in the air with its claws)* The stream? The forest? The US? Be more specific man, I'm not a mind reader.

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** The stream.

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Few hours. My job would be a lot easier if you guys got out of the way.

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** Job?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Yeah you know, something you're supposed to do, usually for pay-

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** No, I know what a job is. What is your job?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Well what does it look like it is? Cleaning up your guys' mess!

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** And you're employed to do this?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Yes. I literally just told you that. God humans are so annoying.

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** *(taking notes)* Employed by who?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** The CWPA, wise guy.

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** The... what?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** The CWPA? the Creature and Wildlife Protection Agency?

> 

> *(Dr. Anole raises an eyebrow)*

> 

> **SCP-6922:** You know what I'm talking about. We brought back the roadrunner after it went extinct?

> 

> *(Dr. Anole shakes his head)*

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Saved the Amazon from a comet?

> 

> *(Dr. Anole shakes his head)*

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Invented Animal Jam?

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** You made Animal Jam?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** For fucks sake.

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** Look, Animal Jammer or not, you're going to have to come with me.

> 

> *(Dr. Anole reaches out to grab SCP-6922)*

> 

> **SCP-6922:** *(SCP-6922 backs away from Dr. Anole's hand)* Woah woah woah, no can do pal. Like I said, I got a job to do. So kindly fuck off.

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** I'm afraid that's not an option.

> 

> *(Dr. Anole again reaches out for SCP-6922, however, SCP-6922 puts its claws up.)*

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Hey! You want to mess with these dudes? I once sliced a shrimp in half with these bad boys.

> 

> *(Dr. Anole attempts to grab SCP-6922, but SCP-6922 moves to the side, causing Dr. Anole to lose his balance and fall into the stream. Dr. Anole kneels up and frantically looks for SCP-6922, who is laughing. He quickly spots the entity, and grabs it in his fingers.)*

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Hey! put me down!

> 

> *(SCP-6922 frantically tries to resist Dr. Anole's restraint, to no avail. Dr. Anole stands up and moves out of the stream.)*

> 

> **Researcher Evel:** Hey!

> 

> *(Dr. Anole turns to the right, to see Researcher Evel walking towards him)*

> 

> **Researcher Evel:** I've contacted Site. They're sending in a team.

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** No need. *(Holds up SCP-6922)* Already got it.

> 

> **Researcher Evel:** A... crab?

> 

> **SCP-6922:** For your information, I have a name! It's Lou!

> 

> **Researcher Evel:** It talks?

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** I wish it didn't.

> 

> **SCP-6922:** Fuck off! Let me do my job!

> 

> **Dr. Anole:** Let me do mine!

> 

> **[END LOG]**

> ~~-~~-

> **Afterword:** Following these events, SCP-6922 was brought to Site-225 and was properly contained.

</details>

Investigation into GoI-3776 "Creature and Wildlife Protection Agency" is ongoing.

<< [SCP-6921](SCP-6921) | SCP-6922 | [SCP-6923](SCP-6923) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Crab.jpg

> **Author:** Sean Murray

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Limnopilos_naiyanetri_-_(4).jpg

=====
