**Item #:** SCP-6387

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6387's remains are currently preserved in Site-44's Biological Abnormalities Containment Wing pending further study.

**Description:** SCP-6387 was an anomalous humanoid neutralized in Virginia in 1923.

Physically, SCP-6387 stood at two meters tall, with luminous eyes and thin, translucent skin. Subject was hairless, with tapered ears and cloven, hoof-like feet; no reproductive organs were present. SCP-6387's hands, disproportionately large, each possessed four digits with protruding claws measuring 6 cm in length. Whether or not SCP-6387 was sapient remains unknown.

SCP-6387 was first sighted in Oakland Cemetery on October 15, 1923. Shortly after midnight, 50-year-old groundskeeper Joseph Rutledge awoke to the sound of an intruder. Initially suspecting grave robbers, Rutledge set out to investigate, whereupon he discovered SCP-6387 digging furiously at the site of a fresh burial plot. 

Startled, Rutledge shot SCP-6387 twice in the chest with a .38 Smith & Wesson revolver. Subject expired instantly, with Rutledge later informing the civilian authorities. Agents embedded in the local police force subsequently alerted the Foundation to suspected extranormal activity. SCP-6387's remains were transported to [Site-44](SCP-6578) for research, with amnestics administered to all witnesses. 

The grave targeted by SCP-6387 was exhumed, and found to contain the remains of 24-year-old milkmaid Charlotte Abernathy, who was reported to have died following an epileptic seizure the previous morning. The casket's interior exhibited numerous prominent scratch marks; cause of death was deemed suffocation. Ms. Abernathy was reburied without further incident.

---

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-leonerd-s-author-page More from this author...]

---

<< [SCP-6386](SCP-6386) | SCP-6387 | [SCP-6388](SCP-6388) >>

=====

> **Filename:** SCP-6387.jpeg

> **Name:** St Peter's Catholic cemetery, Suquamish (CURTIS 974).jpeg

> **Author:** Asahel Curtis

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:St_Peter%27s_Catholic_cemetery,_Suquamish_(CURTIS_974).jpeg)

=====
