}

.ad_memo {

    background: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-7000/ADtransparent.png) #545454;

    background-size: 400px;

    background-position: center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    box-shadow: 0px 0px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);

    width: 90%;

    min-height: 4rem;

    max-height: 100rem;

    margin-left: auto;

    margin-right: auto;

    padding: 10px 20px 20px 20px;

    word-break: break-word;

}

.ad_memo>p:nth-child(1)::before {

    content: "FROM THE OFFICE OF SITE DIRECTOR LEAH RICHTER\00000a";

    font-family: 'Work Sans', sans-serif;

    font-weight: 900;

    font-size: 130%;

    text-align: center;

    margin-bottom: 1rem;

    padding-bottom: 0.3rem;

    border-bottom: dotted 0.13rem darkslategrey;

    max-width: 49rem;

    margin-left: auto;

    margin-right: auto;

    display: flex;

    flex-direction: column;

    align-content: stretch;

    align-items: center;

**SCP-6952** - Hephaestus's Anomalous Weapons Manual

[For more stories in my verse check here](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/sytycfanon)

]

]

@@@@

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-78

Leah Richter

Maria Johnston

Omega-45 ("Street Samurai")

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6952 is kept within Site-78's Arms and Equipment Department. SCP-6952 is to be kept sealed within an Adamantite case when not in use, and may only be removed with authorization from members of Omega-45, or designated researchers who possess Level 4 Clearance or above.

Before construction begins, new entries within SCP-6952 must be approved first by the Ethics Committee, and instances of SCP-6952-1 shall only be used by members of Omega-45. In the event that a member of Omega-45 falls in combat, any SCP-6952-1 weaponry must be retrieved or scuttled at all costs.

Foundation recovery sites are built around instances of SCP-6952-2 for their retrieval, and any discoveries of SCP-6952-2 by civilians should be promptly recovered and covered up. Witness Amnesctization should be applied as needed.

**Description:** SCP-6952 is a leather-bound book with metal covers. On the spine of SCP-6952 is an engraving that reads "VI of IX". SCP-6952 is a manual on the creation and development of anomalous weapons and armor, hereby classified as SCP-6952-1 instances. The creation of new instructions on SCP-6952-1 instances is triggered by writing on a blank page of the book, which will prompt the anomaly to start writing schematics, forgery instructions, and usage guidelines. Currently, there are three known limits to the manual. It is unable to create weapons that can damage anomalies with indestructible or immortal properties and other books of the Set of Nine. Furthermore, queries to build weapons to target the author of SCP-6952 will not be answered.

SCP-6952-2 instances are anomalous materials and devices that facilitate the anomalous properties of SCP-6952-1 weaponry. SCP-6952-2 instances are created along with SCP-6952-1 if the requisite materials do not already exist. Repeated queries to the manual will lead to different SCP-6952-1's being created. These resources show promise for a variety of uses outside of weapons development, and research is currently ongoing into their applications.

Anecdotally, describing or asking for documents regarding things that aren't considered weaponry will result in a failed query - the request must be distinctly for something like a sword, gun, bomb, or similar objects. SCP-6952 appears to be able to create more pages for its weapons if all of them are filled with queries.

Instances of SCP-6952-1 that are approved by the Ethics Committee are allowed for usage by MTF Omega-45 to aid in the capture of anomalies and combat with hostile GoI units. This weaponry provided by SCP-6952 has aided in the capture of over fifty anomalies thus far.

**Discovery:** SCP-6952 was discovered on 5-3-2022 by a mixed unit of Valkyries  All female cyborg combat unit designed for infiltration. , belonging to the [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/valravn-corporation-hub Valravn Corporation]. This unit was deployed against GoI-8947 (Volk Division) a mercenary group that was sighted using anomalous and unidentified weaponry. 

The Valkyries were successful in eliminating the mercenaries and retrieved SCP-6952 from their operating base. After returning SCP-6952 to Valravn, The High Table Valravn Corporation's board of directors. , contacted the O5 Council a few days later, offering to trade SCP-6952 for information on [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6755 SCP-6755]. The following video transcript was declassified and made available to Level 4 personnel to appraise them on the situation involving the Set of Nine and the Valravn Corporation.

Video Log - O5 Council meeting #[Data Expunged]

**> RECORDING STARTED <**

@@ @@

 

O5-1

Greeting CEO, we haven't spoken since the Cartagena Agreement was signed. I trust you're doing well?

HT-CEO

Our organization has been thriving, O5-1. Profits are high, contracts are flowing. Can't complain.

O5-2

O5-1, I must state that I don´t believe the Foundation should be extending unwarranted cordiality towards mercenaries.

05-3

-2 is right, if it wasn't for our pressure, the Corporation would still be employing anomalies in warfare without any regard for the Veil or collateral damage.

HT-CIO

Are Foundation hands so clean of blood? Our clients hire us to protect normalcy when the Foundation doesn't feel like getting their hands dirty.

O5-1

Let's not sidetrack into unproductive bickering. As I understand, Valravn's CEO has come to us with an offer, lets not waste more of our precious time with nonsense.

HT-CEO

Well, and regardless of past disagreements, I was hoping to improve our relationship by offering the O5 a gesture of goodwill. I am going to offer you one of the books in the Set of Nine, to shore up your defenses in light of the recent attack on one of your facilities by the Chaos Insurgency.

O5-4

Set of Nine? I don't believe I'm familiar with this term.

O5-5

I believe he is referring to SCP-6419, I will send all of the council the relevant documentation. In regards to SCP-6419, Site 78 had theorized that there may be more books belonging to its set due to it apparently being second in a Set.

HT-COO

Our Valkyries recently retrieved volume six and after some examination, we concluded this anomaly would be better off under the Foundation's watch. We certainly admire the Foundation's compromise for worldwide security and peace. And we are always glad to contribute in the best way we know.  We only ask for some information in return.

O5-2

Retrieved it from whom? And I can't imagine it was a bloodless affair.

HT-COO

We acquired it from the Volk Division when we noticed a sudden increase in their capacity for anomalous weapon smithing. Our actions ensured they were returned to baseline. At this rate, you may as well consider outsourcing some of your duties to us.

O5-2

The nerve. Don't act like you are a charity organization. The Volks must have been up to something if somebody hired you to get rid of them. Probably squeezed some local governments out a significant amount of money.

HT-CFO

It was a very profitable venture, especially with Volume six in our hands. We've taken to calling it Hephaestus's manual, it's a book that allows its user to write queries for weapons and armor. These queries are then answered with weapons schematics and anomalous materials to create them.

O5-3

So you've already stripped it of everything useful and are trying to hand it off to us? Why not just keep it?

HT-CEO

We've determined that it is more beneficial and profitable for us in the long-term to have the SCP Foundation as a strong force in the world. And you have information relevant to us.

O5-2

What exactly are you asking for?

HT-COO

We would like to request you share the SCP-6755 file with us. Once we have that Intel, we'll transfer the book to your care.

O5-3

The Pale Lady? What exactly are you going to do with that information?

HT-CIO

That is classified.

O5-2

There's more you're not telling us. You walked into this conversation knowing full well there was a "Set of Nine" as you call it and the fact we had one in our possession.

HT-CEO

A good player never reveals all his cards. Now, do we have a deal?

O5-1

We will put it to a vote. All members pass their votes to determine if we should trade for Volume six in exchange for information on SCP-6755.

*O5s -1, -4,-5, -7, -9, -10, -11 vote yes. -2,-3,-6,-8,-12 vote no. Motion passes 7-5.*

O5-1

The majority has spoken. We will transfer that information to the High Table shortly.

HT-CEO

We're glad you came to the right decision. We'll have a representative over with the cargo in 24 hours. Óðinn á yðr alla Old Norse for "Odin owns you all"  [End of recording.]

**A note from Researcher Johnston:** Well, I must admit I'd never heard of the Valravn Corporation before being assigned to this project but now that I've been reading into them... their appearance in this is concerning. While Valravn taking on GoI-8947 (also known as Volk Division) may seem like the lesser of two evils; I would never trust these "ravens". Anyone who uses the term Acceptable Collateral Damage to refer to civilian casualties should never be trusted. Hell, at least  [*http:*scp-int.wikidot.com/centre-de-primordial Primordial] and [*http:*scp-int.wikidot.com/argus-inc-hub A.R.G.U.S] pretend to care about human rights and they don't go around cosplaying as Vikings and shouting about "Valhalla" when killing people. Valravn seems to be cut off a different cloth... an unhinged and concerning cloth.

I was able to pick through what they'd created in the manual, mostly it was used to create more cybernetic augmentations for their soldiers. Arm-mounted Gauss and electric weaponry, cognitohazards to disguise their agents in the field and that's just the start of it. It's hard to know the true extent of what they learned from this as their R&D could have extrapolated on the knowledge gained from this book.

**Addendum 6952.01:** Curated list of current SCP-6952-1 Instances

* **Weapon Type:** Assault Rifle

* **Firing Modes:** Full Auto, 3-Round Burst, Single Fire

* **Effective Range:** Up to 1.5km

* **Projectile Speed:** 1,120 m/s (Mach 3.38)

* **Ammunition:** 8mm Tungsten Anti-Armor Sabot

* **Magazine Size:**50 Round Magazine, 1x Battery rated for up to 800 shots.

* **Required SCP-6952-2 instance:** Coronal Ferrite

* **Author:** Volk Division

**Description:** The Gauss Rifle is a ballistics projection device shaped like a conventional rifle firearm, but uses a coilgun Coilgun design incorporates electromagnetism in place of conventional gunpowder explosions - the bullets in a coilgun are not bullets, but simply solid ferromagnetic objects with aerodynamic shapes. This previously theoretical design would allow for higher speeds with deadlier ammunition, and with a super conductor, it needs very little maintenance due to few moving parts.  design in place of gunpowder propulsion.  Inside the chassis of the gun is a series of coils wrapped around the barrel made from Coronal Ferrite, which is a metal with anomalous heat resistance and superconducting properties. Coronal Ferrite lacks electrical resistance, allowing the coils to be more power efficient and generate enough magnetic pull to accelerate the projectile at supersonic speeds - most critically the gun doesn't generate heat. A ferromagnetic projectile is provided by the magazine into the barrel, with an anomalous magnetic shield around the magazine's remaining ammunition to prevent the gun from ripping itself apart.

To compensate for the added recoil of the higher-speed projectile, kinetic dampeners were installed into the Gauss Rifle's chassis by combining previous Foundation designs with ones provided by SCP-6952. This results in a ballistics delivery system with less recoil than even many pistols.

The Rifle can be equipped with an underbarrel 38mm laser-guided HEAT9 High Explosive Anti-Tank. An explosive charge collapses a metal liner into a hot superplastic jet to cut through armor  

rocket. Several variants have been developed for anti-personnel and anti-armor purposes.

**SCP-6952-2 Description:**

**Atomic Number:** 26

**Symbol:**C-Fe

**Location:** Ural Mountains, Rocky Mountains, Himalayas, TBD

**Melting Point:** 10,000C

Coronal ferrite is an allotrope of iron found in mountainous regions where the atmospheric pressure is the lowest. It appears to act like regular iron under all circumstances, except for its extremely high melting point, almost 0 electrical resistance and superconducting capability.  While this makes it harder to forge, the result is a superconductive metal, allowing for the development of railguns and coilguns. Other potential applications of this material are broad, from space exploration to deep core drilling.

**Researcher's Notes:** If I am being honest, I'm no gun expert, but the men and women of Omega-45 give it their thumbs up. The sheer force of bullets' kinetic energy is highly effective against heavy layers of composite armor like that of tanks and if that isn't good enough, you have the missile launcher. In the field, the weapon has been performing admirably. Our boys shred insurgency folks like paper, and the tungsten bullets don't bounce off of tougher anomalous hides. 

* **Weapon Type:** Bladed Weapon

* **Usage:** UV Generator needs to be charged for 48 hours of use

* **Required SCP-6952-2 instance:** Ultrasonic Vibration Generator

* **Author:** Volk Division

**Description:** Utilizing an Ultrasonic Vibration generator, the affected blade begins to vibrate at a rate of 10,000 Hertz. The intense vibration of the atomic structure of the blade, causes the bonds of the target to disintegrate leading to an easier cut. Foundation personnel combine a High Carbon-Adamantine blade with these generators to create weapons that can nearly cut through anything. Every High-Velocity blade is fitted with a vibration-proof handle, to prevent discomfort or harm to the user.

**Researcher's Notes:** The High-Velocity Blades are quite an interesting development. We haven't yet come across a singular material that the blades can't cut through, although there is a limit to how much armor they can get through in a single swing. You can't cut a tank or a mech in half with this thing. That would be ridiculous. - Researcher Johnston

* **Armor Type:** Helmets, bullet-resistant plate, etc.

* **Required SCP-6952-2 instance:** Adamantite

* **Author:** Volk Division, design refined by SCP Armaments Ltd.

**Description:** By using the anomalous properties of Adamantite, a metal with similar properties to graphene, the Foundation was able to create lighter-weight bulletproof vests and plates for plate carriers that render a soldier nigh invincible from conventional weapons. The technology can be applied to all types of heavier metal armor and explosion-proof suits. In applications where the Hephaestus-Grade plate would be too heavy and impair the user, a powered exoskeleton was developed to aid the user in remaining protected and keeping mobility.

SCP-6952-2 Description:

* **Chemical Formula:** B,,4,,A

* **Hardness:** 38 GPa

* **Fracture Toughness:** 6.5 MPa

* **Location of Adamantite Deposits:** Earth's crust, composition is now 1% Adamantite

Preparation: 2 B,,2,,O,,3,, + 7 A → B,,4,,A+ 6 AO

Adamantite is an anomalous metal being hailed by Foundation scientists as a new wonder metal. Compared to Boron Carbide, Boron Adamantide is twice as strong. Adamantine shares the properties of Carbon with the added bonus of being able to be made into steel. Boron Adamantide is a super dense, highly conductive material is great for making metal matrices, cutting tools, and most importantly, body armor. Its increased neutronal absorption capability makes it excellent for the construction of neutron bombs, in the event there is an anomaly that requires such dire measures.

**Researcher's Notes:** No metal is indestructible, and neither is body armor. What we've dubbed "Hephaestus" Grade is easily one of the largest leaps in armor technology we have for our MTF. While anomalous means are required to destroy it, we've had a bit of fun trying the old conventional ways of trying to dent a Hephaestus plate. .- Researcher Johnston

* **Weapon Type:** Glove

* **Effective Range:** 100 meters

* **Maximum Mass Transferred:** 150kg

* **Uses:** 100 before needing to recharge the battery.

* **Required SCP-6952-2 instance:** Atomic Resonator

* **Author:** Researcher Johnston

**Description:** The Matter Displacing Gauntlet utilizes the Atomic Resonator, an instance of SCP-6952-2 in order to teleport a target to the wearer at the speed of light. When activated, the Resonator locks on to a chosen target determined by the line of sight. The Resonator then begins taking measurements of the target's particles (Position, Moment, Spin, and Polarization), and then creates a copy at the user's current position creating entanglement between them. This entangled information is stored as Qubit  A way of storing Quantum data. It is comprised of a 0 *and* a 1, rather than a traditional bit which only a 1 or a 0. . a quantum channel is thus opened and the target begins sending the information in Qubits to the resonator to recreate the target at lightspeed. Once the resonator has created a perfect duplicate, it ensures the target was created with its original quantum state and discards the original target information.

Thus it is not true teleportation but rather the recreation of data at another location.

**Researcher's Notes:**This was my attempt to see if I could use SCP-6952 to revolutionize particle science and I think I've done it. This gauntlet perfects quantum teleportation and quantum entanglement on a Macro scale. Just imagine the applications for what we can do with this technology, full-scale teleporters; instant communication. I have very high hopes that this gauntlet could be the future of further quantum research- Researcher Johnston.

* **Weapon Type:** Explosive

* **Blast Yield:** Varies

* **Radius:** Varies

* **Required SCP-6952-2 instance:** HAX

* **Author:** Maria Johnston

**Description:** The "Bouncing Mary" has the shape of a regular rubber bouncing ball, but in reality, it is made of 95% SCPE-45 (Securely Constructed Pure Explosive No.45). SCPE-45's kinetic absorption property allows the ball to absorb the kinetic energy of its impacts, storing five times the initial energy inside of itself. When fifteen bounces are reached, the explosive is primed and begins to glow. The user only needs to depress the trigger for 5 seconds to activate the 10-second fuse. It will automatically detonate on the next impact.

**SCP-6952-2 Description:**

* **Primary Ingredient:** HAX (Hephaestus Anomalous eXplosive) or Adamanhexogen (O,,2,,N,,2,,AH,,2,,),,3,,

Description: SCPE-45 is a plasticized explosive similar to C-4 with an explosive power that is 2.4x that of a kg of TNT before it's anomalous property is activated. The addition of Adamantite into the formula of RDX The primary ingredient of C4 , allows the material to anomalously store kinetic energy that is applied to it by a magnitude of five times. This allows users in the field to increase the blast yield without worrying about accidental detonation or having to use more SCPE-45.

**Researcher's Notes:** I based this on the Bouncing Betty mines from WW2. I figured that I should make something out of the box and I've always had a fondness for rubber bouncy balls. The men say that this has no tactical advantage on the battlefield but hey, it's a self-defense thing for me so I'm keeping it. HAX also works well as a C4 replacement. Want larger bangs? Just throw the thing at a wall a few times.- Researcher Johnston.

**Addendum 6952.02:** Testing with the creation of SCP-6952-1 instances.

On petition by Researcher Johnston, the Ethics Committee allowed for the attempted queries of more impractical requests of SCP-6952 to test its weapons-making capabilities.

**Query #1:** "Gauss Rifle with a toaster attachment."

**Result:** Instructions for one Gauss Rifle with a toaster in the middle of the Rifle's Chassis. Toaster is powered from the Gauss Rifle's battery, toaster works as normal.

---

**Query #2:**  "Weaponizable Butter"

**Result:** SCP-6952 outlined a recipe for butter with a pH level of 14.0, comparable to 1.0M Sodium Hydroxide.

---

**Query #3:** "A screwdriver"

**Result:** SCP-6952 produced a Gauss Rifle variant that fired screws as ammunition. It is believed that while screwdrivers are unable to be produced, mass drivers that fire screws are acceptable.

---

**Query #4:** "A bust of Researcher Johnston"

**Result:** N/A

---

**Query #5:**  "A kitchen fork"

**Result:** SCP-6952 produced instructions for a trident.

---

**Query #6:**  "A spoon"

**Result:** N/A

---

**Query #7:**  "A weaponizable spoon"

**Result:** N/A

---

**Query #8:**  "A door"

**Result:** SCP-6952 produced instructions for a trap door into another dimension. The instance was not produced due to concern of not knowing what might come out the other side.

---

**Query #9:** "Electric bread slicer"

 **Result:** N/A

---

**Query #10:** "Electric human slicer"

**Result:** SCP-6952 created instructions for an electrically powered knife that anomalously cut flesh better than it did bread.

---

**Conclusions:** Well I'm glad this thing never runs out of paper with how much junk we filled it with. It appears that its purpose as a "weapons manual" is pretty strict. It can work around some definitions, like turning a fork into what is essentially a weaponized fork. However, things that are strictly meant for tool or decoration purposes give bum results. Sometimes you can cheat it by wordplay or using certain prefixes but other times nothing happens. -Researcher Johnston.

**Addendum 6952.03:** Interview with Valkyrie Operative, "Thalaestris" 

On March 10th, Foundation retrieval teams managed to geolocate the location of the Valkyrie's skirmish with the Volk Divison. MTF Omega-45 was sent to retrieve any instances relating to SCP-6952 that were potentially left behind by either side. 

It appeared as though the area had been picked clean, fifty Volk division casualties were confirmed along with one Valkyrie. When the Valkyrie was approached, it suddenly came back online and started to whimper for help. This Valkyrie was later determined to be of the Greek Branch of the Valravn Corporation, code-named, *Koráki ton skotoménon Greek for Raven of the Slain *. This Valkyrie was willing to give information on the Valravn Corporation in exchange for asylum.

Interview Log - Valkyrie A-04, "Thalaestris."

**> RECORDING STARTED <**

@@ @@

 

*A-04 is seated in front of Researcher Johnston. A-04's armor is reminiscent of a Greek Hoplite, and she appears to be of Mediterranean descent.*

Johnston

Stating my name for the record, Researcher Maria Johnston interviewing Valkyrie operative Thalaestris, number four of the Androleteirai Greek for "destroyers of men".

A-04

Your pronunciation is good, doctor. I assume you have questions about what happened on the mission?

Johnston

I'm not a doctor, at least not yet. You can just call me Johnston. Back to the topic at hand, yes. I'd like to be filled in.

A-04

I can. It was supposed to be a relatively simple op. Me and my commander, Hippolyte were paired with two Sverðmeyja Icelandic for "Sword Maiden"  to eliminate some Volk mercenaries and take out their weapons workshop.

Johnston

And these Sverðmeyja who I assume are Nordic branch, who were they exactly?

A-04

One of them was their commander, Brynhilde. Real hard ass from what I'd seen of her. She was getting annoyed with her subordinate Sigrun during the whole mission. The Volks had done something particularly bad to Sigrun, not sure what but she was really riled up to engage with them.

Johnston

Did that affect the mission at all?

A-04

Not at all, we arrived at their workshop. Brynhilde and Sigrun snuck in and eliminated all of them. Me and Hippolyte were keeping guard outside. I had to admit, they were pretty capable for a bunch of fanatics.

Johnston

You don't think highly of the Nordic branch?

A-04

Normally you wouldn't catch me dead near one of those Nordic crows. They believe that going to Hades is a bad thing and that by dying in combat they'll go to the land of the gods! It's madness, Mount Olympus is reserved for immortals only. It's heresy to believe otherwise.

Johnston

Interesting, I wasn't aware that there were other religions in Valravn. 

A-04

There are plenty of pagan religions in Valravn. We have a Mesoamerican branch, Shinto, Greek of course, and many more. We may call them by different names and worship them differently. All of us have different ideas about where we're gonna end up after all this. But at the end of the day, Kukulkan is just Jormungandr by another name and the comparison can go on with all the other big snakes. It's the one thing that stops us from just tearing each other apart.

Johnston

It's a unique way of interpreting the theology. So what happened after Brynhilde and Sigrun cleared the warehouse?

A-04

We came to get the place ready for a retrieval team when we saw Brynhilde scolding Sigrun, there was this corpse near Sigrun, absolutely torn apart. Brynhilde was trying to tell her that her revenge mission against some guy named Grigori was going to get her killed. Sigrun however, was gloating about being able to get Grigori's unit information from the guy. Anyway, we told them both to stow it and that's when it happened... we got ambushed.

Johnston

They were waiting for you?

A-04

I don't know how they knew. But the wolves were all over us. The operations department told us to get the hell out of there but there were too many of them. I took a round from one of their rifles, which ripped straight through my Chassis. Hurt like hell.

Johnston

I know the kind you're talking about, Gauss weapons are terrifying.

A-04

You don't know the half of it. Anyways, My commander tells them to leave me, Spartan philosophy you see; weak don't deserve to be saved from the battlefield. Brynhilde and Sigrun disagreed but my commander outranked them. My commander gave me one last task, detonate the explosives they had on the site and cover their escape. Scorched Earth.

Johnston

And you did? Even with injuries like that? Your body was absolutely torn apart by the time we found you.

A-04

I cut them all down, every one of those rabid dogs. I made it to the cache and blew them all sky high, I had my golden coin on me to give the ferryman when I went out but he never came. I guess my backup systems kept my organs alive long enough for you to find me.

Johnston

That's... quite the story. Can you go back? Why do you want to stay with us?

A-04

I'm a warrior through and through, like the Athenians and Spartans before us. But Valravn, they don't have honor. Why would I want to be a part of an organization that doesn't care about its soldiers? No one came back for me, not even the Sverðmeyja.

Johnston

Even if the Sverðmeyja wanted to, they likely assumed you were dead.

A-04

I agree, Valravn probably wrote me off as a loss. Just another negative if their ledger. Goddamn it, I used to be a soldier fighting for a good cause before those damn suits showed. I lost my arms on a UN Peacekeeping mission But then they came. "We'll give you a purpose", they said. "You'll feast on the battlefield once more." So what did I do? Of course, I said yes, I wanted my arms back. That's how they get you, they came to me because I couldn't say no. More like Vultures rather than crows.

Johnston

Well, I am preparing to offer you something. Your record shows that you are a capable warrior and we need someone to train our MTF in case the Cartagena agreement goes sour. Thalaestris, I'm offering you a place in one of our Mobile Task Forces. My boys call themselves the Street Samurai, would you like to join?

A-04

It's better than sitting in one of your containment cells for the rest of my life.

Johnston

Excellent, it'll take a while to get the paperwork approved, this is a bit of an unusual move but I want the best of the best in Omega-45. You'll also probably have to have a failsafe installed in your cybernetics, like an easy shutoff.

A-04

I'll do whatever it takes, I'm no stranger to having hardware installed. Hopefully, our partnership will be better than my last one. [End of recording.]

After the interview, Researcher Johnston sent a petition to Midwest Command to request that A-04 transfer to MTF Omega-45. The application is still pending.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

## FROM THE OFFICE OF SITE DIRECTOR LEAH RICHTER

---

*The following notice has been disseminated to all personnel employed within Site-78.*

 

Attention to all staff,

Due to the involvement with the Valravn Corporation in the efforts to retrieve the remaining books in the Set of Nine. All Mobile Task Forces are to be on high alert for Valravn interference in our containment operations. All MTFs are not to engage with Valravn personnel in combat unless an order has been given down by the Overseer Council. The Cartagena Agreement prevents us from open conflict but they've made clear through their actions that like with the Insurgency and Volk Division before them, they are attempting to locate the missing volumes in the Set. 

We do not need to break our longstanding agreement without reason but we cannot allow any of these volumes to fall into their hands. Containing the Set is now this Site's utmost priority and if it comes a day when we must fight the Valravn for control of the set, we will be ready.

Site-78, please remain vigilant. These are troubling times.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@@@

---

Foundation 

Mobile access terminal

---

 

[[hcell]

﹫﹫   ﹫﹫

﹫﹫   ﹫﹫

 

@@@@ >

ENTER LOGIN CREDENTIALS:

 

@@@@

@@@@  ##17e610|**/useraccount @@@@ Johnston M. @@@@ XxXapprenticesamuraiXxX**##

@@ >@@

@@  @@

Welcome, employee [ ##17e624|#O21E - MARIA JOHNSTON## ]. You have [ ##17e610|0## ] pending message(s).

@@ @@

@@    @@##17e610|**/send email**##

@@ >@@

@@ @@

 Recipient?

@@ @@

@@    @@##17e610|GregChudley@scip.net##

@@ >@@

@@ @@

 Subject?

@@ @@

@@    @@##17e610|Regarding the connection between SCP-6952 and the Set of Nine##

@@ >@@

@@ @@

 Body of Message?

@@ @@

@@    @@##17e610|Hello, Greg##

##17e610| It has been a bit since our last correspondence. I apologize that I've been so tight-lipped on specifics on SCP-6952. Its classification as Thaumiel has necessitated level 4 clearance. I've been trying to get Director Richter to relent, given that SCP-6952 is part of the ongoing research into the Set. However, she seems adamant that your... eclectic personality isn't the right fit.##

##17e610|Now In regards to SCP-6952's connections with the Set... I can say that with [SCP-6419](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6419) formerly in the hands of Chaos Insurgency and the Valravn Corporation having knowledge of SCP-6952 before they retrieved it, I think something might be cooking in the GoI community that we just aren't aware of yet. We tried looking to see if we could exploit the rift between the Main Nordic Branch of Valravn with their overseas branches to see if any of them would give up something but that turned up empty. The true author of these books evades us still. ##

##17e610| In addition, I received your list of queries and I was permitted to test them. It wouldn't reveal the identity of or make weapons that could kill its author ( I am not suggesting trying to eliminate the author yet, but if we knew what kind of weapons could kill them, we could infer their identity). SCP-6952 would not make weapons that could destroy other books in the Set. It won't respond to queries it can't make weapons for. If this thing has sentience, we haven't found any evidence of it.##

##17e610| I hope that answers some of your questions. I'll keep you posted on any further developments.##

##17e610| /send mail##

<< [SCP-6951](SCP-6951) | SCP-6952 | [SCP-6953](SCP-6953) >>

> **Filename:** 4945493274_de48325992_c.jpg

> **Name:** SF58 gauss Rifle

> **Author:** Hong Ooi

> **License:**  Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/49607772@N06/4945493274/
