The Starlight's Children and Civilizations 🌌, by  

For more of my works, vist [Andromedaz's Universe of Dreams](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/andromedaz-page)!

<details>
<summary>Thank you Critters!</summary>

Giving special thank yous' to,  and  for initial concept development, and , , , , and  for helping me on this journey.

</details>

---

****Special Containment Procedures:**** Containment of SCP-6812 primarily relies on the Foundation's negotiations with SCP-6812. These negotiations primarily involve an agreement to improve living conditions on Earth. The Foundation is to provide support for organizations, initiatives, and entities that seek to promote or establish environmental protection, cleanup human damage caused to the environment, and humanitarian aid. Additionally, the Foundation's extraterrestrial branch is to ensure that peaceful relations with SCP-6812 are maintained.

 

****Description:**** SCP-6812 is an extraterrestrial civilization present within portions of the Virgo Supercluster. SCP-6812 has been classified as a Category 6 extraterrestrial presence, Extraterrestrial life expanding or capable of expanding indefinitely in the universe. and primarily focuses on exploration of the universe, expanding its civilization, and the protection of life and civilizations. Currently, an unknown amount of extraterrestrial civilizations and societies are known to have relations with SCP-6812 as a result of this. Due to a lack of direct contact with these civilizations, none have been classified. 

SCP-6812 possesses technology significantly more advanced than anything produced by humans. This includes the ability to exceed light speed, allowing for rapid travel across intergalactic distances. Members of SCP-6812 are designated SCP-6812-1. SCP-6812-1 instances possess a physique resembling that of homo sapiens. The skin of SCP-6812-1 is turquoise in color and has bioluminescence that causes the skin to glow neon green. SCP-6812-1 do not possess body hair and instead have tentacle-like appendages on their heads, with female instances generally possessing longer appendages than males. Instances have a high pain tolerance and are difficult to harm or terminate.

The Foundation has made negotiations with SCP-6812. SCP-6812 has agreed to not intervene with humanity on the condition that the Foundation works to improve the quality of life on Earth. Rejecting this course of action could potentially lead to an SK-ε-class invasion scenario. An SK-Epsilon class scenario is when an extraterrestrial species invades or intercepts humanity.

****Addendum-1:**** Discovery

The first contact made with SCP-6812 occurred on December 12, 2014 near Leksand, Sweden, following civilian reports of 'figures using unidentifiable technology.' MTF-Psi-3 ("Dream Recon") were dispatched to the area to investigate. Psi-3 encountered three instances of SCP-6812-1, whom unexpectedly surrendered to the MTF. The three instances along with equipment utilized by the instances were taken to Site-79 for study. Acquired equipment included:

* Three firearms resembling submachine guns, determined to use plasma-based ammunition.

* Each instance wore a suit made of materials similar to neoprene and kevlar. Analysis of these suits indicated that they were highly resistant to damage and enhanced the physical strength of the SCP-6812-1 instances.

* Communication devices allowing instantaneous communication over light-year distances.

* A device containing data logs, designated SCP-6812-M. See Addendum-2 for obtained data logs.

Analysis of this equipment led to the discovery of SCP-6812.

****Addendum-2:**** Contents of SCP-6812-M

Testing of SCP-6812-M allowed researchers to extract the data logs in the device. It was determined that 6812-M had a universal translation system, with the ability to transcribe its contents into any writable language. The results from this have been transcribed below.

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS FILES</summary>

For eons we have overseen countless civilizations and societies in our galactic cluster. We have taught them how to create technology, allowing them to depart their worlds to explore and expand. The more critical objective however is to ensure civilizations do not self-destruct. The universe is teeming with life, but prior to our reign, it appeared as if most civilizations destroyed themselves before they gained the opportunity to explore the universe, usually through conflict or environmental damage.  

However, due to our entropic nature, we appointed the Starlight's Children to more effectively fulfill these objectives. Compared to other civilizations, they are more sophisticated in their future ambitions and are a cooperative society. They cherished all life on their origin planet and rarely built infrastructure or created technological innovations that would harm the environment there. They are our secondaries and maintain the most significant presence in our galaxy cluster.

Monoal, overseer.

Information provided from 6812-M indicated that this file was not created by SCP-6812. The next files obtained were created by SCP-6812 however.

As the Starlight's Children, our twelve overseers are our guides into the universe. We have adapted their ethos of exploring, expanding, and making contact with life during our expansion. The overseers differ from us, in that they do not exist in physical bodies but rather as a consciousness able to traverse the universe however they desire.

One of our overseers, Iellumina, has grown dissatisfied with our progress of exploring the universe and decidedly departed our galactic group to go exploring. They did this despite strong discouragement from the other overseers, and our dissatisfaction for assuming our purpose. We are the ones to make discoveries, not our overseers. Iellumina also left with little announcement or preparation. We only found out when Monoal telepathically told some of us that Iellumina had left.  

Vi, Starlight's Children archivist

As time continued to pass, Iellumina never returned. By order of the overseers, we organized a fleet of eight trans-universal vessels to travel to the galaxies Iellumina supposedly departed to. We spent time searching for their telepathic signs but never found them. We did make other discoveries though, upon approaching a planet bearing activity of civilization.

When we came to the surface, we did discover a civilization, but it was different from those we know. Its countless members, whom resembled mechanical beings, seemed to be governed by instinct and order. They became hostile upon noticing us and attempted to engage in combat, so we departed the planet. We obtained samples of some of the beings we terminated and ran investigations on them, which revealed both biological and technological compositions. After encountering more worlds with identical presences, we began to speculate something sinister.

During one of our approaches to a planetary system, we encountered a large construct that bore cosmetic similarities to the beings we had discovered and had interstellar traveling capabilities. Our vessels followed the construct to a planet that appeared to be inhabited by complex life, and not by those beings. The construct descended onto the planet and released a wave of violet-tinted matter, which consumed the planet's continents. We decided to observe closer and deployed a drone to the surface. It observed a violet-tinted substance coating the surface, which began to reconstruct the remains of the civilization into the beings we had encountered.

Analysis performed by the drone made us understand what was occurring. The violet tint consisted of nanomachines operating on cellular levels, able to overrun civilizations quickly. They disassemble the civilization to establish a presence on the planet and make new constructs to travel into the cosmos and repeat the process. The efficiency at which this is done is astonishing and concerning. Our investigation must continue.

Uino, Starlight's Children archivist  

Our focus of this journey has shifted chiefly towards investigating the enemy, which we have come to refer to the nanomachines as. As for Iellumina, we have made an unsettling discovery.

During an entry into a new galaxy, we discovered an interstellar civilization that had not been overtaken. We successfully contacted them and questioned them if they knew anything about the enemy. Indeed, they had lost several colonies to the enemy but had managed to neutralize them via sheer force. They had discovered more about the enemy during their war with it. To quote them;

*"It seemed as if the force which destroyed our colonies is an attempt to unify civilizations and societies. Instead of attempting to peacefully bring them together however, it seems to unify them under one single objective, and that is to serve an empire. We listened to the songs of our friends who succumbed to the forces. They no longer recognized us, and all they can sing is; Hail Iellumina! The order on the horizon. The master. The governor."*

*"They were not suffering in their new forms. They did not know better than to serve their ethos of spreading in the universe. What this means, we wish to know."*

Iellumina is responsible for this. This requires immediate attention from the overseers, so one of our vessels returned home to report. Considering that one civilization survived the onslaught of the enemy, we must see if there are others we can spare or contact.

Uino, Starlight's Children archivist

The final file, transcribed bellow, included information of its age. It appeared to have been created 157 hours prior to its extraction from SCP-6812-M.     

After exploring the galaxy of the civilization, we noticed no planets occupied by the enemy, and we discovered why. Upon approaching a planetary system, it seemed as if someone was attempting to communicate with us, as indicated by our communication systems. The message seemed to agree with our universal translation systems and read;

*"I knew you would come—that corrupt being leaked more to me than what it probably intended. I saw everything it knew and had known. Wherever it goes, its weapon follows, whose victims only function if the being exists. It converted one in this galaxy into its possession, and the one here was next. I fooled it into thinking that you arrived here earlier than you have. It knows that you are the only ones capable of confronting and defeating it, even if you reading this do not know. The rest of your civilization can however."*

*"You must expand your presence into these islands in the void. Your kind has the solutions to this threat. Go introduce yourselves to the life in this system now and in all others."*

Iellumina has left this galaxy because this entity fooled it into thinking we were already here. There is no doubt that our overseers and we can bring Iellumina to justice. We must start settling into the space occupied by Iellumina, and begin destroying their force. It is more important now than ever to focus on our ethos of exploring, expanding, and protecting life.

Uino, Starlight's Children archivist

</details>

****Addendum-3:**** Interview with 6812-02i

On December 18, 2014, a captured female instance of SCP-6812-1, designated 6812-02i, attempted to verbally communicate during a survey of its containment cell. Following this, an interview was ordered with the instance.

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS INTERVIEW</summary>

**Interviewee:** 6812-02i

**Interviewer:** Dr. Jocelyn Avery

**Location:** Site-79

**Foreword:** Due to good behavior and cooperation with Foundation staff, a face-to-face interview was conducted in 6812-02i's containment cell.

---

*<Begin log>*

**Dr. Avery:** Hello, 6812-02i. For the record, do you have any other name?

**6812-02i:** My moniker is Vi. Took my software some time to understand your language.

**Dr. Avery:** How can you understand us?

**6812-02:** Advancements.

*6812-02i raises its left hand and touches its left eye. The eye proceeds to glow a neon green for three seconds before ceasing.*

**6812-02:** That lets me perceive foreigner's methods of communication. Likely something the SCP Foundation would be curious about.

**Dr. Avery:** How do you know about the Foundation?

**6812-02i:** We, the Starlight's Children, know most things.

**Dr. Avery:** If you know most things, could you provide some elaboration to this? And yourselves.

*Dr. Avery lays papers with the transcripts acquired from SCP-6812-M on the table in front of 6812-02i. 6812-02i proceeds to examine the papers.*

**6812-02i:** I figured you'd have questions.

**Dr. Avery:** Are those events true? Is that why you're here?

**6812-02i:** It makes sense for someone like you to feel doubtful. Something I can assure you however is that we're not your destroyers, if that's your concern. Considering our presence in this universe, we would have already done so if we were like that.

**Dr. Avery:** That's what I was thinking. At least you have a similar understanding of logic to us, so that makes things easier. But that is not what we want...this 'enemy' as you call it, should we be worried about that?

**6812-02i:** Ah, that. There is something the archivist didn't add to the last file. Perhaps because he rushed it, I don't know. But that message we received came from someone you likely know of.

**Dr. Avery:** Who?

**6812-02l:** Her name was [Sauelsuesor](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-179). She found out about us when Iellumina interacted with her. Probably saw us in Iellumina's past, and knew we would hunt them due to their absence from us.  

**Dr. Avery:** We know that entity as SCP-179. So you're telling me that—I don't think I can pronounce that...was here, but 179 convinced it to leave?

**6812-02i:** She protected you, and likely others in this galaxy from the enemy. As for you now, we can worry about your alternative destruction, which is yourself. Iellumina will probably return eventually, but we should not worry about that now.

**Dr. Avery:** Are you referring to what the first file said? About civilization's destroying themselves?

**6812-02i:** Indeed. And from...actually, how long has your kind existed? I know your measurement of time for this is calculated by your planet's orbits.

**Dr. Avery:** That depends. Modern humans have existed for well over 100,000 years, but our eldest civilizations started a few ten-thousand years back.

**6812-02i:** Then you're new to us. And it's at these stages where the problems with surviving in this universe will become prominent. We saw it ourselves prior to our arrival here, and like several others, there is conflict and environmental destabilizing waiting to escalate into something worse. We, the Starlight's Children cannot allow that. You continue your ways, you might not have much longer left.  

*An eight second pause occurs.*

**Dr. Avery:** We're aware of our problems. The unfortunate truth is...we want to solve our crisis, but we are not as cooperative as your civilization seems.

**6812-02i:** I didn't mean to make you feel guilty. Most civilizations we run into have fallen into the same situation as you have. It's nothing new, but it is a serious matter. We believe all civilizations should be able to explore the stars.

*6812-02i looks around its containment cell.*

**6812-02i:** And how about this, the Foundation? The organization built to protect. It's an understandable approach, but it's not well-utilized. It seems as if you've set science as your limit. You've observed the universe around you, found some fundamentals, and now everything has to fit with that perception. Whatever falls outside is seen as disruption. You've constricted yourselves to your own understanding! But, if you continue to advance, you can make science your tool instead of your limit.

**Dr. Avery:** The Founda-we exist to...secure, contain, protect. We seek through breakthroughs as well, but...look, this isn't relevant. What we want now, is...we know your civilization exists, and we want to know what you want from us?

*A five-second pause occurs.*

**6812-02i:** Hmm...you do seem humble. The truth is, you don't have to expose your kind to us if you feel uncomfortable doing so. But you have to be fair with us.

**Dr. Avery:** What do you mean?

**6812-02i:** If you start improving the quality of life on this planet, you will effectively fulfill our role. If we can meet that negotiation, my civilization won't have to send fleets here.

**Dr. Avery:** I cannot make that call...I think I'll cut it here. Relay this information to the higher ups. We'll talk another time.

**6812-02i:** You won't be annihilated with either choice, but accepting the agreement will keep us off this planet. Goodbye...uh...

**Dr. Avery:** It's Doctor Avery. Goodbye.

*<End log>*

---

**Closing statement:** The day after this interview, SCP-179 temporarily established communication, singing 'fulfill the children' before going silent.

</details>

****Addendum-4:**** Approval of containment

Following further discussions with the captured SCP-6812-1 instances, along with research into SCP-6812, a final containment proposal was devised. Along with the Foundation's agreement to improve the quality of life on Earth, the Foundation's extraterrestrial branch would remain in contact with SCP-6812, to maintain peaceful relations. The following is a record of O5 Council vote #3007.

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS O5 VOTE</summary>

**Council Vote #3007:** Vote for approval of containment proposal for SCP-6812.

| YAY | NAY | ABSTAIN |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O5-1 | O5-3 | O5-5 |
| O5-2 | O5-10 | O5-7 |
| O5-4 |  | O5-11 |
| O5-6 |  |  |
| O5-8 |  |  |
| O5-9 |  |  |
| O5-12 |  |  |
| O5-13 |  |  |
07/01/2015

= **{{STATEMENT FROM O5-1}}**

---

*It makes sense that this vote was passed. Considering the scale of SCP-6812, their actions with us would likely cause extreme alterations to humanity, even if they bear good intentions. As such, we will be approving the proposal for the containment of SCP-6812. If the civilization agrees to not interfere with humanity so long as the Foundation agrees to help improve living conditions on Earth, we ought to take that course of action.*

*The Foundation's ideology has always been to protect those who cannot protect themselves. In this case, we cannot control the actions of SCP-6812; we can only make agreements. As for SCP-6812 itself, we are intrigued to learn more about them. Assets in our extraterrestrial branch will continue to maintain contact with them.*

</details>
   

****Addendum-5:**** File update: 17/05/2018

The following is a transcribed document recovered from a Foundation raid on a [Serpent's Hand](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/serpent-s-hand-hub) operation in April, 2018. This document is believed to have originated from the Wanderer's Library, with content pertaining to SCP-6812.

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS FILE</summary>

The universe is home to countless civilizations dreaming of expanding beyond the stars. However, few accomplish this goal and are hindered by their cooperation or resource fatigues. Then twelve entities began to exist in the stars and gifted the Starlight's Children the ability to make contact with other societies. The ideology of the entities is to oversee and guide life as it advances.

To these beings, greed for power is a sin, and that was something one of the entities by the moniker Iellumina grew to despise. Instead, they wanted to use their ability to govern. Iellumina departed the intergalactic peace that the entities and Starlight's Children had established and went to create the perfect weapon to unify all life, which is still active and is undoubtedly still overtaking civilizations. Deeming it ideal to start their project away from their original place, they wanted to build a force to surpass the armies of the Starlight's Children and the other entities. Then Iellumina would continue to make life look up with worship in its new form.

Iellumina puts all civilizations at risk, most of whom are incapable of defending themselves. It is the duty of the Starlight's Children to expand their presence and to protect all surviving life, because at some point, all these civilizations must rise up themselves, and declare war on Iellumina. Eliminate the threat of unifying someone who sees themselves as a deity. They must fight together, for each other.

</details>

<< [SCP-6811](SCP-6811) | SCP-6812 | [SCP-6813](SCP-6813) >>

=====

> **Filename:** virgosupercluster.png

> **Name:** 6_Virgo_Supercluster_(blank).png

> **Author:** Andrew Z. Colvin/edited by 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:6_Virgo_Supercluster_(blank).png)

=====
