---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** A 2km quarantine fence has been established around the village of Ciemność, Poland. Foundation personnel is to monitor the village and the surrounding Lower Silesian Forest for any individuals attempting to enter or leave the enclosure. Civilians found attempting to enter are to be apprehended and turned over to local authorities. Cover story 6198.10 "Conservation of Endangered Species" is to be disseminated.

SCP-6198-A instances found within Ciemność are prohibited from consuming any SCP-6198-B found there. Any individuals (including Foundation Personnel) witnessed procuring or drinking any substance suspected of being SCP-6198-B without clearance from Level 4 Security Personnel are to be immediately apprehended, interrogated, and then amnesticized, before being released after a period of 24 hours.

Any SCP-6198-A residing within the village are to be immediately apprehended, interrogated, and held in Foundation custody indefinitely whenever they are observed, or suspected of, performing any of the following activities:

* Suddenly speaking a language that is not descended from Proto-Slavic (or Common Slavic).

* Alluding to the knowledge of the Foundation, any of its operations, or any other SCP.

* Performing thaumaturgic rituals directed towards Foundation personnel.

Foundation personnel are advised to avoid entering the village alone during periods of time between a new moon and a full moon (the waxing phases, specifically) if necessary.

**Description:** SCP-6198 is an extra-dimensional entity believed to be a god worshipped by 6th-12th century Polabian Slavs; this god was known as Chernobog (a.k.a "The Black God").

SCP-6198's anomalous effects are currently isolated to the village of Ciemność, primarily in the form of all SCP-6198-A instances, and any SCP-6198-B found there. The magnitude of any effects and the strength of SCP-6198's presence in the world is tied to and supported by two factors:

# The number of devotees that worship it.

# The size of the collective consciousness contained within SCP-6198.

SCP-6198-A are individuals that were born in Ciemność and up until Foundation intervention, had regularly consumed SCP-6198-B. SCP-6198-A instances appear non-anomalous, however, the life expectancy of the village is notably higher than the surrounding area. In addition to this, elderly SCP-6198-A residing in the village exhibit the vitality of someone half their age.

SCP-6198-B refers to a black liquid that anomalously appears within the village and which can only be safely consumed by SCP-6198-A instances.

Holes created in the soil within Ciemność that are at least large enough for a human to pass through transform into SCP-6198-C instances (appearing as a deep pit that features an opaque entry point). To date, an endless supply of SCP-6198-B exists at a uniform depth of 20m within SCP-6198-C instances. Despite this, the total depth below this 20m point is currently unknown. 

SCP-6198-C instances appear at midnight on nights of a new moon and remain until midnight of the following full moon (roughly 14 days), when they revert to the state they were in before the transformation.

SCP-6198 was initially discovered in a "dormant" state. An incident in which a member of Foundation personnel went missing within Ciemność has since caused SCP-6198 to enter a more active, "awakened" state. It is believed that SCP-6198 remains within this state.

Since becoming active, SCP-6198-A instances that consume SCP-6198-B gain knowledge of Foundation operations, personnel, and SCPs known to the Foundation. SCP-6198-A instances with this knowledge have an extreme tendency to engage in hostile ritualistic activity directed towards the Foundation, and/or attempt to covertly isolate and subdue Foundation personnel. As such, any future testing on D-Class with SCP-6198-B as well as any explorations into an SCP-6198-C instance have been prohibited by order of the O5 Council.

SCP-6198 is believed to reside within Ciemność despite there being no visual confirmation of SCP-6198. However, sightings of a large black humanoid figure have been reported by Foundation personnel within Ciemność during nights of a waxing moon.

**Discovery:** SCP-6198 was initially discovered when Foundation surveillance teams detected radio chatter regarding SCP-6198-C instances that were discovered by local authorities while investigating a missing person report in the surrounding Lower Silesian Forest region. 

Upon entering the village, local authorities uncovered several SCP-6198-C instances and arranged for a support team to venture down into them. Foundation agents were dispatched and relieved local authorities of their investigation, under the guise of the ISA (Internal Security Agency).

Foundation agents first to the scene noted that SCP-6198-A instances were wary of them, generally keeping their distance and observing their activities from within their homes, but otherwise appeared non-hostile.

Communication with most SCP-6198-A instances proved difficult initially, as the majority of the village speaks Proto-Slavic, a precursor to common Slavic believed to no longer be used within modern society. A Foundation linguistics expert was later brought in to facilitate interviews with SCP-6198-A instances and to translate any documentation retrieved from Ciemność.

**Addendum SCP-6198.1:** Initial Exploration Log

<details>
<summary>+ Access Addendum</summary>

*Note: The following log is a transcription of audio and video recordings made by Foundation Agents Kazimierz Nowak and Maria Bakula during the initial exploration of the village of Ciemność on 1st October 2019.*

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> *Camera footage from Agent Bakula's body camera shows both agents approaching the remote village of Ciemność, its dilapidated wooden buildings are enclosed on all sides by a thick screen of trees.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** No signs of electricity. No roads. No vehicles. This must be the place.

> 

> *Both agents pass the threshold into the village. Several SCP-6198-A are seen working or conversing with each other. The SCP-6198-A start to quietly alert each other as they notice the agents. Some abruptly stop their work and quickly retreat into nearby buildings.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Not the warmest of welcomes, is it?

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Doesn't surprise me. If what the police claimed checks out, they tend to keep to themselves. Don't even think they speak Polish. The police report stated the potential anomaly is located at the cemetery.

> 

> *Nowak and Bakula make their way through the village, passing several ruined houses from which SCP-6198-A are occasionally seen as they peer through gaps in the walls. Hushed, unintelligible speaking can be heard coming from inside the buildings.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** What happened to this place? Why are people still living out here?

> 

> *The agents approach the cemetery. Its parameter fence is decorated in makeshift hierograms.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Recognise any of those symbols?

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Hmm, no. Best guess, some sort of superstitious warding to keep the dead inside the cemetery.

> 

> *Bakula pushes open a metal gate and enters the cemetery. The agents proceed to what appears to be an open grave. Nowak pulls a flashlight out from his jacket pocket, shining it down into the SCP-6198-C. The area around the entry point appears illuminated while anything beyond the entry point remains pitch black.*

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Seems as though any light gets completely absorbed. Hard to tell whether the black here's solid or liquid, or how far down it goes.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Keep an ear out.

> 

> *Bakula drops a stone into the SCP-6198-C. The stone passes through the blackness without disturbing it. After a few seconds, a distant splash is heard.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Interesting! So there's liquid further down there?

> 

> **Agent Nowak:**  Worth further investigation. Let's head back and call in a support team after checking in with the locals.

> 

> *Bakula's camera turns upwards facing back towards the village. Multiple figures in hiding are seen quickly moving out of sight.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Jesus! You see that?

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** No? What is it?

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** I just caught at least three people hiding from view as I looked up.

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Let's not stick around longer than we need to. Wouldn't want to overstay our welcome.

> 

> *The agents leave the cemetery and head back towards the centre of the village. Bakula leads the way towards one of the rundown houses. She proceeds to knock on its door as she nears it. The same hierogram as seen in the cemetery appears etched into the door.*

> 

> *20 seconds pass.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** I know someone's in. I saw them peering through the window from the cemetery.

> 

> *Another series of knocks is made. After a few seconds, it is followed by the scraping and creaking of wood as the door slowly opens. A weathered, elderly woman's face appears through the gap.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Good evening. I'm Agent Bakula and this is-

> 

> *The woman interrupts with a rasp, speaking in an indistinguishable language.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Ah. Polish? Can you speak Polish?

> 

> *The face at the door continues to speak in an unknown language before closing the door.*

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Looks like we'll need a translator too. Can't say I'm familiar with the language. Any ideas?

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Not for definite. Sounded old, though. Really old.

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Alright. There's something I want to check on the way out. Let's head back.

> 

> *The two make their way back through the village, with SCP-6198-A instances continuing to watch them in the distance. As they approach a well, Nowak removes his flashlight, shining it into the well.*

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** As I thought. This well exhibits the same properties as those open graves. Keep an eye out for me, Bakula.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** What? Why? Oh...

>

> *Nowak grabs at the rope attached to the well's winch and starts hoisting until a bucket rises into sight.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Careful, Nowak! Whatever's in there isn't water. It's black!

> 

> *Novak carefully handles the bucket, tipping its black contents back into the well.*

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Runs just like water. No scent to it either.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** We need to get out of here. I think the entire village is watching us.

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Shit. Yeah, time to get moving.

> 

> *The agents begin walking at pace out of the village. SCP-6198-A begin gathering between the houses in front of them, watching intently as they pass by.*

> 

> *After leaving the village, Bukula turns to see a crowd of SCP-6198-A watching them from the village threshold.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Is it just me or did everyone there look at least 50 years old?

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Yeah. The one tailing us looks about 90 too. I'm impressed he's able to keep up.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** We're being followed?

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Yeah. Just the one, I think. The car's another 10-minute walk, so be on your guard.

> 

> *The two traverse through the dense Lower Silesian Forest, with Bakula regularly turning to see the purser standing stationary while watching them, roughly 20m away each time.*

> 

> *The agents eventually break out from the forest treeline and onto a road. They continue to walk along the roadside for a minute before approaching and entering a parked vehicle.*

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** I noticed this on a table outside the woman's house by the way. Managed to pocket it while you were talking to her.

> 

> *Nowak passes an old, leather-bound book over to Bakula. She opens and begins flicking through its pages. Images of hierograms, religious practices, and humanoid figures, appear crudely drawn throughout the book's contents.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** I can't read any of this. It looks like some kind of bible, though. This must be written in whatever language they were using. Man...you looked through this yet?

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Not had the chance. You see something?

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** The hierogram we saw at the cemetery is all over the place. There's a lot of reoccurring depictions of some kind of spectre or shadow as well. Quite a few ritualistic sketches too. 

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** We'll get the translator on it. Could be we have Type Blues on our hands.

> 

> *Nowak starts the car engine and begins slowly accelerating.*

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Heh, the old guy kept on us. Check it out.

> 

> *Bakula turns to the window to see the pursuant SCP-6198-A leaning out from behind a tree, watching them.*

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** What the hell!? Maybe he regularly marches through the wilderness to peer out at the roadside from behind the treeline.

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** Sure, just like every other spry and well-adjusted elderly person I know.

> 

> [END LOG]

</details>

**Addendum SCP-6198.2:** Excerpts from the retrieved book

<details>
<summary>+ Access Addendum</summary>

*The following is a note from Foundation linguistics expert Researcher Albin Iskra, addressed to [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-120 Site-120's] Translation Team Lead [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/in-life-as-in-language Director Alistair Vemhoff], regarding the Ciemność book:*

> Director Vemvoff, let me start by saying that, despite my extensive knowledge of the history and origins of Slavic language, this is the first time I've ever encountered what appears to be Proto-Slavic in written form from a direct descendant source. This is a truly fascinating discovery.

> 

> Initial progress on translating the text was slower than expected. There's something about the linguistic structure of the language that, for reasons I can't fully deduce, make it incredibly difficult to retain the knowledge of. For every few words committed to memory, it's as though one dissipates from it. It's as if I can feel a sense of reluctance coming from the language itself.

> 

> Eventually I was able to solidify my understanding enough to begin picking at the various passages found throughout. I can confirm that the contents of the book hold a great deal of religious significance, not only for those in Ciemność but throughout all Slavic culture, dating back to roughly the fourth century.

> 

> While there are references to the more well known Slavic gods such as Perun (which I strongly suspect is [SCP-PL-231](https://scp-wiki.net.pl/scp-pl-231)) and Veles, the book focuses primarily on one of the sibling "successor" gods, "Chernobog, the Black God"; detailing various prayers, rituals, and tenets that followers of the Black God should live by and practice.

> 

> I've highlighted a selection of excerpts of notable interest that may shed some light on the occurrences witnessed by Foundation personnel. 

> 

> - *Researcher Albin Iskra*

@@@@

**For it is to Him, where the dead must go

and return to the roiling abyss

from which our forms are moulded

to be one again with Him**

**In this, we share in their fathomless knowledge

and learn of untold and forgotten epochs

unfurling mysteries of stygian transcendence

bestowed with blessings beyond death**

**At darkest hour on the darkest night

within lamented dwelling hollows

shall hypogean thresholds unveil

entwining submerged departed**

**Now relinquished of tethers corporeal

and sustained amidst blackest waters

become one with perennial ancestry

granting insight to those adherent**

**There are those that only turn to Chernobog when their time is at an end, and it is those that shall be offered the least when they inevitably pass. To live solely in the light of the brother is to neglect the eternity that follows, condemning oneself to the lowest echelons of consciousness.**

**Those with wisdom and foresight do well to embrace the Black Gift, to forfeit a part of oneself in exchange for parts of the many. To drink of the Black Gift is to offer one's life in a bid to be tested of mind and spirit. Should one be deemed worthy, that which was offered will be returned but with boundless acuity and vigour. Should one's offering fall short, their essence is given to the Black God entirely, yet, the truer they walk the Black Path, the more openly their soul shall be welcomed.**

**Before one is to be tested, they must first be expurgated through ritual, else any sense of self is lost upon passing. This ebonises the soul, proving devotion to the Black Path and allowing one's essence to find greater connection upon being taken in by Chernobog. The ritual must be carried out by followers in the living realm now sustained by the Black Gift, with these followers bringing about a trance of blindness and drowning within the aspirant. Should an aspirant prove resolute throughout this trial of panicked terror and asphyxiation, the Black Gift is then offered and true judgement begins.**

**Veles, god of the harvest, livestock, earth, rivers, the underworld, magic, and trickery. Much did humanity depend upon him for not only the means to survive but also for peaceful death. Alas, where there are those with great power, there are also those that seek to claim it for themselves, and in this, brothers Belebog and Chernobog were no different.**

**Harsh winter followed by foul harvest led to the death of the brother's village, leaving the dead unburied atop frozen ground. Enraged at the neglect Veles had dealt them and adamant that between them, they could govern the lands of the living and the dead better than the great god, the brothers set out in search of Veles, their minds intent on deicide.**

**In their journeys the brothers overcome many challenges, redoubling their affinity in magic and honing their cunning in warfare, with Belebog excelling in martial guile and Chernobog mastered the spell.**

**However, Veles watched the brothers, aware of their quest. In a bid to undermine them, Veles returned the body of their mother to the living world to convince them to return home with her. The brothers were not fooled and with a heavy heart, returned their mother to the underworld. Veles continued to break their will, turning the food they gathered rotten. But again, the brothers were not fooled as they endured putrid illusion of smell and taste, knowing that in truth what they consumed would nourish them.**

**Every trick cast down by Veles was foreseen and averted until eventually, frustrated at the brothers' tenacity, Veles himself confronted Belebog and Chernobog. Veles challenged the brothers to battle, offering his godhood should they best him but on the condition that only one may fight him. Suspecting that Veles may attempt to divide the two, the brothers had made a pact with Perun, Veles' adversary.**

**The brothers agreed that Veles would indeed fight only a single combatant, to which Veles acknowledged and draw up a boundary from which to battle within. When asked who shall fight, the brothers announced "Perun" and upon uttering his name, the god of thunder appeared with a great flash within the boundary.**

**A battle of world-shattering magnitude commenced as Veles took the form of dragon and Perun harnessed the power of the skies. Despite his skill in magic and deceit, Veles was struck down and killed by Perun. With Veles dead, Belebog claimed domain over harvest, the earth, and livestock; as Chernobog claimed the underworld, the rivers, and magic.**

</details>

**Addendum SCP-6198.3:** Interview with Person of Interest

<details>
<summary>+ Access Addendum</summary>

*Note: The following interview was with an SCP-6198-A instance named "Tosia Konieczna", a woman believed to be of middle-age that was willing to converse when inquired by translator Researcher Albin Iskra on 8th October 2019.*

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Good morning! For the record can you please state your name?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Morning! Yes, I am "Tosia Konieczna".

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Thank you, and do you mind telling us where you were born and in what year?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Oh, well, I was born here in Ciemność in 1949, a few years after World War II, so I've been told.

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** I must say, you're looking well for someone in their 70s. Now, Mrs. Iskra, we're interested in knowing a little more about Ciemność. Can you tell us anything about the history of the village, or what your community does here?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Well, what's there to say, we keep to ourselves now, have done for generations. The village itself has seen better days, of course. I feel like there was a time where people would travel far and wide to come here, like the final stop of a pilgrimage.

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** What do you think it is that gives you that impression?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** I-I don't know. I just...that's just the way it feels. I can see it in my memory, the way Ciemność used to be but I know it's before my time. The memories must be from dreams I've had at some point though but...I honestly can't be sure. We all feel like that here.

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Others in the village have these same memories, you mean?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Yes. Mostly the elderly, though. Memories or dreams of Ciemność and Chernobog. The older you get, the more vivid they seem to be.

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** What can you tell me about Chernobog?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** We owe everything to him. Were it not for Chernobog, we wouldn't be here, would we?

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Can you explain?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** We're fortunate that Chernobog chose us to be his eyes, ears, and minds, here in his brother's realm. To help those in need to find their way to him, should they search. This is why you came to Ciemność, is it not?

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Potentially. How exactly do you help people find their way to Chernobog?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** That depends on how they wish to offer themselves. We are able to guide people so far, you understand, but the end of the journey is always walked alone. Sadly, it has been many years since anybody from the outside has come to us seeking our aid.

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Are you saying that you kill people in order to send them to Chernobog?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Kill? Oh, no. Those that come to us want to be respected in the eyes of the Black God, and he has little respect for those that are slain. No, those seeking his embrace must give themselves willingly, one way or another.

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** And you say that nobody has come to Ciemność in quite some time?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** This is true. Now I think about it, I don't recall anyone coming to us within my lifetime...but I remember it. I can recall times where they would come in their droves. The young and strong would seek the Black Gift, while the elderly or dying would come for Black Passage.

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** And what can you tell me about these two things? The Black Gift and the Black Passage?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Well, they are both ways to gain Chernobog's favour. Those that partake in the Black Gift and remain among the living earn the Black God's blessing. Those that choose to take the Black Passage are ready to leave this cycle and return to Chernobog.

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Have you taken the Black Gift?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Yes and no. Like I said, I was born here in Ciemność. Anyone born within his hallowed grounds is blessed from birth.

> 

>  **Researcher Iskra:** And what exactly is this "gift" that's been given to you?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Well, it's hard to say nowadays really, but I do know the Black God watches over me and that he eagerly awaits my return. I can feel that. There was a time, however, where his gift offered so much more. The wisdom, the protection, the community...

> 

> *30 seconds of silence passes.*

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Mrs. Konieczna, are you alright?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Oh, my! Sorry, yes. I drifted off there, didn't I. (Sighs). We used to be so much more...before they took everything.

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Someone took something?

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Oh, don't mind me. I'm sorry. I-I need a little fresh air.

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Of course. We can end this here for today. Thank you very much for your time, Mrs. Konieczna.

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** It's quite alright. The rest of the village may be wary of outsiders, but speaking with you reminds me of what life used to be like here. Oh, there is one thing I've been meaning to ask you, if that's alright?

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Of course. Fire away.

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Are you...a Christian?

> 

> **Researcher Iskra:** Oh, no. No, I'm not.

> 

> **Tosia Konieczna:** Ahh, good...good.

> 

> [END LOG]

</details>

**Addendum SCP-6198.4:** SCP-6198-B Testing and Experimentation

<details>
<summary>+ Access Addendum</summary>

Samples of SCP-6198-B were gathered from an SCP-6198-C instance and transferred to Site-120 for testing. SCP-6198-B was found to contain only hydrogen and oxygen along with having an entirely neutral PH level despite its pitch-black colour.

SCP-6198-B was found to be completely opaque, even in extremely small quantities. In addition to blocking light waves, SCP-6198-B also appears to block any other form of transverse or longitudinal waves attempting to pass through it, seemingly "negating" all energy waves that come into contact with it.

A series of additional tests were performed on D-Class using larger quantities of SCP-6198-B acquired from Ciemność. Due to the lack of D-Class facilities within Site-120, a member of D-Class was transferred in from another nearby site:

@@@@

| **Test #** | **Description** | **Result** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | A 5ml sample of SCP-6198-B was applied to D-Class subject's skin. | No discernible effect on the subject. |
| 2 | D-Class subject was placed in a neck-deep tank of SCP-6198-B. | No discernible effect on the subject. |
| 3 | D-Class subject was instructed to consume 300ml of SCP-6198-B. | Subject appeared fine for 7 seconds before wincing and doubling over in pain. Subject complained of an intense "cold burn" emanating from their stomach. At 15 seconds, the subject could feel this sensation spread out through to the rest of their body. At 22 seconds, the subject's skin and veins begin to darken. At 31 seconds, the subject's sclera begins to darken. At 39 seconds, the subject falls to the floor and adopts the fetal position as their body twitches violently. Their breathing is laboured. By 46 seconds, the subject has stopped moving and breathing, presumed dead. At 56 seconds, the subject's corpse continues to darken as it begins to liquify. By 127 seconds, the corpse has been entirely reduced to a black liquid confirmed to be SCP-6198-B. |
| 4 | D-Class subject was equipped with diving gear and was submerged within a tank of SCP-6198-B. | No discernible effect on the subject. |
| 5 | SCP-6198-A subject was instructed to consume 300ml of SCP-6198-B. | No discernible effect on the subject. |
These tests conclude that anyone not born in Ciemność who consumes SCP-6198-B suffers critical organ failure and dies within 60 seconds.

</details>

**Addendum SCP-6198.5:** Missing Agent Report

<details>
<summary>+ Access Addendum</summary>

On 11th October 2019, Researcher Ela Górska went missing while performing a sanctioned dive into an SCP-6198-C instance and has not been seen or heard from since. Agent Nowak and Bakula were on hand during the incident, assisting as dive supervisor and handling radio communication, respectively.

Immediately before the disappearance, audio feed from the dive was captured that supports the theory that SCP-6198 was directly involved and has potentially gained sensitive information regarding the SCP Foundation.

The following log is a transcription of that audio recording.

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> *Note - Due to the nature of SCP-6198-B's wave-absorbing properties, communication between the dive team was performed via transmission line attached to the diver's surface-supplied oxygen umbilical and safety line.* 

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Testing. Testing. Are the audio and visual feeds coming through?

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Affirmative, Ela. Both are coming through the cable. You're good to go. Go slow down there.

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Lowering into SCP-6198-C now.

> 

> *The sound of whirling machinery can be heard.*

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Passing through the SCP-6198-C threshold now. There's a substantial drop in temperature. I can't see anything down here though, it's as if my lights aren't even on.

> 

> *Silence proceeds for the next 40 seconds. Splashing water can be heard followed by auditory submersion.*

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Made contact with SCP-6198-B. Going under now.

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** I'm fully submerged. Swimming in it feels no different from normal water. I can't feel anything around me down here. I think I've entered an underwater cavern.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Are you able to explore the cavern?

> 

> **Researcher Górska:**  I suppose. Having no visibility is going to make things difficult though.

>

> **Agent Bakula:** Can you track along the roof of the cavern at least?

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** I'll give it a try.

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** This doesn't make sense. I can't find any roof around where I came in or by swimming upwards. I must have gone well above the entry point by now. How far down did I go before making contact with SCP-6198-B?

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Roughly 20 metres.

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Yeah, something's not right. I've been ascending for more than 20 metres. I should have reached the surface by now.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Alright, and you've still seen nothing?

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Affirmative. I may as well have my eyes closed. Oh. Hold on. I think I see something.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Can you describe it?

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** It-It's hard to say. It looks like, like wind, I guess. Like the SCP-6198-B is beginning to move below me. It's like it's breathing, almost.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** If at any point you feel unsafe just say and we'll pull you out.

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** OK. It's starting to move upwards now, towards me I think. Oh, it's happening in front of me as well. Actually, it's all moving. It's all breathing now. I think I can hear it breathing too.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Górska! Do you need us to pull you out?

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Not yet. I can almost hear it. Something is calling out to me down here.

> 

>  **Agent Bakula:** I don't like this. Nowak hit the winch, we're pulling her out. We'll continue this with D-Class.

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Hello? Oh, hello. How did you-? Of course. Oh, the Foundation? Well, I don't think I can allow-

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Ela? Who are you talking to? Is someone down there with you? We're pulling you out now, hold on.

> 

> *The sound of whirling machinery fires in the background.*

> 

>  **Researcher Górska:** Something's not right, Bakula. I-I can't think straight anymore. I need to come back up. There's so many of them down here, it's overwhelming. What am I doing here? Which one am I? Which am I!? I-

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Ela! Can you hear me? What's going on?

> 

> *Radio silence continues for 10 seconds.*

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Yes? Hello? Yes, I can hear you.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Ela! What's going on down there? ...Górska?

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Ela Górska. Am I speaking to...Maria Bakula?

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Yes, it's me, Ela. Are you alright?

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Yes. I am fine now. I am ready to come back to the Foundation. I am ready to learn more.

> 

> **Agent Bakula:** Nowak, halt the winch! Get the MTF here. Ela, I need you to tell me what's happening down there.

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** There is nothing of interest to be found within this abyss. The only knowledge worth seeking is above us.

> 

> **Agent Nowak:** What are you talking about? What knowledge? Who is this?

> 

> **Researcher Górska:** Please. Send more Foundation. Please, I must survive.

> 

> [END LOG]

</details>

**Addendum SCP-6198.6:** SCP-6198 Incident Report

<details>
<summary>+ Access Addendum</summary>

Within the following 13 hours after Researcher Górska initially went missing, a series of events occurred within Ciemność involving various SCP-6198-A and Foundation personnel.

> **11th October, 3:59 PM** -  The requested MTF arrive at Ciemność from Site-120. Researcher Górska is confirmed missing when only her diving equipment is retrieved from the SCP-6198-C instance.

> 

> **11th October, 8:12 PM** - An SCP-6198-A instance approaches a member of Foundation Personnel and, in Polish, inquires about the condition of Researcher Ela Górska. There is no explanation as to how the SCP-6198-A instance is aware of Ela Górska or why they are suddenly speaking Polish.

> 

> **11th October, 8:56 PM** - Another SCP-6198-A instance expresses their relief to a member of Foundation Personnel, in Polish, about [SCP-5659](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5659) not emerging early that year. The SCP-6198-A instance is questioned in regards to their knowledge of SCP-5659 and the potential emergence event, but no explanation could be given.

> 

> **11th October, 9:13 PM** - A third SCP-6198-A instance inquires, in Polish, to a member of Foundation personnel as to the current location of the O5 Council. This is met with extreme suspicion. The SCP-6198-A in question is apprehended and transferred to Site-120 to be interrogated further.

> 

> **11th October, 9:33 PM** - A group of SCP-6198-A are seen continually fetching water from the village well and transferring it into the nearby houses. Members of the MTF intervene and prevent any additional water from being gathered.

> 

> **11th October, 10:48 PM** - MTF Unit, Adam Kowalski, fails to report in during a routine check-in while searching the area for signs of Researcher Górska. The remaining MTF begin searching for Kowalski.

> 

> **11th October, 11:21 AM** - While raiding a suspicious home of an SCP-6198-A instance, dozens of SCP-6198-C instances were discovered within the building. Symbols matching that of the SCP Foundation's insignia had been etched into the ground around each SCP-6198-C. The building was otherwise found to be empty.

> 

> **12th October, 00:00 AM** - The MTF and Foundation Surveillance report seeing dark humanoid figures lurking in heavily shadowed areas of the village. Nothing appears to be there when light is shone upon these areas.

> 

> **12th October, 00:25 AM** - A male's screams are heard coming from the cemetery. The MTF moves to investigate.

> 

> **12th October, 00:27 AM** - The MTF arrives at the cemetery. As a sweep of the area is performed, an SCP-6198-A instance appears and attempts to tackle one of the MTF into an SCP-6198-C instance. In the struggle, the SCP-6198-A falls into the SCP-6198-C. No attempt is made to recover the body.

> 

> **12th October, 00:34 AM** - Tremors are briefly felt by all on-site personnel.

> 

> **12th October, 00:41 AM** - An indistinguishable sound coming from one of the houses is reported. The MTF move to investigate.

> 

> **12th October, 00:44 AM** - The MTF find the house to be barricaded from the inside. Breach charges are used to force entry.

> 

> **12th October, 00:45 AM** - As the MTF enter the building, they are attacked by an SCP-6198-A wielding a pitchfork. The assailant is quickly neutralised.

> 

> **12th October, 00:45 AM** - The MTF report sounds of moaning coming from further into the house. The MTF moves forward and enters a room occupied by two chanting SCP-6198-A. Adam Kowalski is on the floor motionless between them, laying on top of markings etched into the floorboards.

> 

> **12th October, 00:46 AM** - The two SCP-6198-A do not react when instructed by the MTF to cease their activities. A second warning is given when Kowalski begins writhing and muttering; at this, both SCP-6198-A increase the volume of their chanting.

> 

> **12th October, 00:46 AM** - MTF members open fire, neutralising both SCP-6198-A instances.

> 

> **12th October, 00:47 AM** - As the MTF retrieves Kowalski, his condition rapidly deteriorates as he begins to thrash and scream wildly.

> 

> **12th October, 00:48 AM** - MTF stationed at the building's entrance report multiple SCP-6198-A instances surrounding them.

> 

> **12th October, 00:49 AM** - The MTF gather outside the building and report that their route to the extraction point is blocked by the SCP-6198-A. The SCP-6198-A begin to move in unison slowly towards the MTF.

> 

> **12th October, 00:49 AM** - Several MTF open fire, killing █ SCP-6198-A. All other SCP-6198-A simultaneously halt before slowly nodding their heads.

> 

> **12th October, 00:50 AM** - The MTF begin moving towards the extraction point. Any stationary SCP-6198-A blocking the way part as the MTF approach.

> 

> **12th October, 00:56 AM** - The MTF successfully extracts from Ciemność. As they leave the area, Kowalski's screaming abruptly stops.

> 

> **12th October, 01:22 AM** - Kowalksi is heard unconsciously muttering about something black watching him from beneath the water. Kowalski then adds that whatever it is is awake and yearns for their secrets, before suffering a cardiac arrest.

> 

> **12th October, 01:23 AM** - Adam Kowalski is pronounced dead.

> 

> **12th October, 01:51 AM** - Security footage from within the MTF's vehicle captures Adam Kowalski slowly sitting up and looking around before being noticed by another of the MTF. Kowalski quickly withdraws their sidearm and opens fire, killing 3 of the MTF and wounding the driver, causing the vehicle to swerve sharply and roll before crashing, badly damaging the onboard camera in the process.

> 

> **12th October, 01:53 AM** - The driver regains consciousness and begins contacting HQ. A few seconds later, the driver-side door is wrenched open. The driver can then be heard pleading with Kowalski and asking "why?" before yelling in agony at having been pulled from their seat and dragged away from the vehicle.

> 

> **12th October, 01:56 AM** - The driver is heard continuing to plead and groan via their radio feed until Kowalski eventually stops dragging them. The driver asks Kowalski what they're doing when the sound of vomiting and splashing is heard. This is quickly followed by the driver choking and coughing while attempting to ask "what the fuck are you doing to me?".

> 

>  **12th October, 01:57 AM** - The driver's coughing and wheezing continues until their breathing suddenly becomes ragged and then abruptly stops.

**Report Conclusion:** A response team was immediately dispatched to the site of the crash but were unsuccessful in recovering any of the bodies of the MTF. A large pool of SCP-6198-B was discovered in the back of the vehicle with the uniforms of 3 of the MTF laying within it.

Following the trail of blood that lead from the vehicle and into the roadside forest, the response team discovered pools of blood, vomit, and a much smaller quantity of SCP-6198-B. Neither the driver's body nor uniform was found. Adam Kowalski was also not found.

Due to the events and discoveries surrounding the SCP-6198 incident, it is imperative that all Foundation Personnel take extreme measures to ensure that SCP-6198 is unable to acquire any additional sensitive information regarding Foundation operations, personnel, and known SCPs.

The Lower Silesian Forest and the surrounding area is to be continually monitored for any signs of Adam Kowalski, with regular sweeps performed by a designated MTF. In the event Adam Kowalski is discovered, he is to be contained if possible; however, lethal force is permitted if capture is not an option.

The SCP-6198-A instance that was transferred to Site-120 is to be regularly interrogated in order to gauge the extent of SCP-6198's knowledge. Fresh SCP-6198-B may be administered to this SCP-6198-A instance in order to better understand how the transfer of information between SCP-6198, SCP-6198-A, and SCP-6198-B, occurs.

Class B amnestics are to be administered to all SCP-6198-A instances not contained within Site-120. Once amnestics have been distributed and their effectiveness in removing Foundation-sensitive information has been confirmed, any subsequent SCP-6198-A instances exhibiting knowledge of the Foundation or other SCPs, are to be apprehended and transferred to Site-120 for containment.

</details>

<< [SCP-6197](SCP-6197) | SCP-6198 | [SCP-6199](SCP-6199) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Village6198

> **Author:** gnuckx

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/gnuckx/3495532831/)

> **Additional Notes:** Image has been cropped

> **Filename:** Grave6198

> **Author:** Ken Kistler

> **License:**  CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [publicdomainpictures](https://publicdomainpictures.net/en/view-image.php?image=88555&picture=desert-gold-mine)

> **Filename:** Book6198

> **Author:** National Library NZ on The Commons

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/nationallibrarynz_commons/5352564009/)

> **Additional Notes:** Image has been cropped

> **Filename:** Woman6198

> **Author:** Chukotskiĭ avtonomnyĭ okrug

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [Library of Congress](https://www.loc.gov/resource/gdclccn.2018692669/?r=-0.422,-0.002,1.84,1.496,0)

> **Additional Notes:** Image has been cropped

> **Filename:** Figure6198

> **Author:** The Man-Machine

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/menschmaschine/19898877294/in/photostream/)

> **Additional Notes:** Image has been cropped and edited to include a shadowy figure

The Site-120 logo used in the header was created by  for the purpose of all articles regarding such. Please check out more of their absolutely stellar work [here](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/desk-of-junior-designer-s-yvonne).

=====
