**Item #:** SCP-6985

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All instances of SCP-6985 are to be tracked down and removed from any residence. All advertisements featuring SCP-6985, whether digital or physical, are to be hidden from public eye by any means available. Recovered instances of SCP-6985 are to be stored in a large glass case imbued with insect repellent within Site-19.

**Description:** SCP-6985 is the designation for an unmarked, bright pink spherical object attached to a small round stump approximately the size of a bowling ball. The entirety of SCP-6985 is rounded and smooth, crafted out of an unknown, soft and slightly adhesive material. Attached to a hole in the top of the object is a removable neon tag that reads 'The anti-spider!' in large bold letters. 

On 07/7/21, instances of SCP-6985 started spontaneously appearing within the homes of hundreds of seemingly random individuals. Later tests show these individuals all suffer from mild to severe arachnophobia.Fear of spiders. About three days prior to this event, multiple advertisements and pieces of media surrounding SCP-6985 began revealing themselves, visible only to those suffering from arachnophobia. After 07/7/21, they proceeded to become perceivable to all. The individuals who received SCP-6985 had varying reactions, ranging from uneasy to indifferent towards the object's appearance in their homes, and over 80% of these people appeared heavily reluctant to lose contact with it upon notice. 

The most detailed advertisement concerning SCP-6985 that was obtained by personnel was a colourful poster picturing SCP-6985 resting on a white table in front of a bright screen. The poster reads as follows:

> *'Let your fears die away! Presenting.....the anti-spider! The anti-spider is perfect for anyone with even a small fear of spiders. Why? Because it's nothing that a spider is and everything a spider's not! Simply take a look to see how not a spider this amazing creation is! And sleep good dreams with this on your bedside table, or anywhere else in your house. Knowing confidently that this is NOT a spider!'*

The back of the poster features a table detailing the numerous differences between instances of SCP-6985 and members of the arachnid family:

| Spider | Anti-spider |
| --- | --- |
| Is hairy | Is not at all hairy |
| Has eight legs | Has no legs |
| Has eight eyes | Has no eyes |
| Has fangs | Does not have fangs |
| Can produce silk | Can not produce silk |
| Builds webs | Does not build webs |
| Sometimes eats other spiders | Does not eat, just waits |
| Lays many eggs | Does not lay eggs |
| Lives up to 40 years | Stays forever |
| Is easy to kill off | Can not be killed, effectively indestructible |
| Is alive | Is not alive |
| Eats thousands of insects every year, thus controlling the bug population in households worldwide | Does not do that |
 

<< [SCP-6984](SCP-6984) | SCP-6985 | [SCP-6986](SCP-6986) >>
