**Item #:** SCP-6703

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~SCP-6703 is to be contained within a standard humanoid cell within the Low-Danger Sector of the Humanoid Containment wing of Site-17. The standard furnishings in the cell are to be replaced by closely analogous pieces of furniture that have no sharp corners or edges, the bed must rest lower to the ground, and the floor is to be covered in carpeting. SCP-6703 must be provided with padded clothing covering the whole body, and is not permitted to be in a room that is not staffed with personnel educated in first aid. Should any implants within the body of SCP-6703 fall into disrepair, they are to be replaced under the guidance of Dr. Ben Palmer.~~ Irrelevant, see addenda.

**Description:** SCP-6703 is the cadaver of Eileen Sinclair, who died due to a head-on collision at age 27. It appears to have retained no explicit memories prior to reanimation. SCP-6703’s anomalous properties are limited to postmortem animation, enabled by anomalous prosthetic implants bearing design similarities to prosthesis produced by various other GOIs, as well as other designs that seem proprietary. These implants serve the roles of both bone and joint structure as well as replacing or assisting the function of internal organs. Most implants that do not serve the central nervous system show consistent signs of degradation and require regular repair and replacement.

SCP-6703 possesses extensive scarring both from the collision that killed Eileen Sinclair as well as scarring from various surgical procedures. Subject appears to heal at a greatly reduced rate, if at all, likely due to its internal implants failing to function as adequate organ replacements.

**Recovery:** SCP-6703 was recovered from a raid on an unregistered medical facility belonging to GOI Hathaway Biomechanics LLC in Denver, Colorado following a tip from Marshal, Carter, and Dark, which was completed with minimal resistance (see Incident report HB00087). Operatives reported finding several human organs and surgically removed body parts as well as both non-anomalous and anomalous medical equipment seemingly purchased from several GOIs. SCP-6703 was found unrestrained and awake by operatives, and while initially confused, allowed the recovery team to bring it into Foundation custody.

The following email was recovered from Hathaway Biomechanics computer:

> From: berkshire3487@hotmail.com

> To: wvoigt54@aol.com

> Subject: (none given)

> 

> Voigt, we’re in deep shit now. I finally get on on MC&D’s list of clients and the first fucking job I give you is slapping some rich asshole’s daughter back together and you can’t fucking do it? We knew the damage going in, and if you couldn't scrape her grey matter off the dashboard and slap it back in you shouldn’t have told me you could take the job. If his daughter can’t even remember him that’s worse than giving him nothing at all. I’ve lied to the MC&D reps for long enough to where they’re getting wise. We made them look bad and now they’re going to throw us under the bus for this. Your head is going to be the first to roll.

**Addendum 6703.1:** Intake interview

<details>
<summary>Access ITRVW-6703.01 excerpt</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Harry Erikson, Site-17 psychology staff.

> **Interviewee:** SCP-6703

> Standard intake interview for sapient anomalies conducted 18 hours after completed recovery.

> ----

> **Dr. Erikson:** Hello. I'm sure you were told by the staff already, but I'll be conducting a short interview. Standard procedure for new anomalies. I am also obligated to inform you this conversation is being recorded.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Oh, alright. Um, is there anything I should be doing? I didn't, uh, get myself ready at all.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** No, all I need from you is answers to these questions. Simple stuff. Ready?

> 

> *SCP-6703 nods its head*

> 

> **Dr Erikson:** Alright, so, first order of business, please state your name.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Um... I think my name might be Eileen, but it really doesn't ring any bells, you know? When the doctors used to call me that, I'd have to remind myself it was me they're talking to. But I could see that other people react faster to their name. They seemed mad that I couldn't remember, at the time.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** I see. And what were these doctors like?

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Well, they've been around as long as I can remember, two.. hell, even *three* weeks ago. They seemed happy when I first saw them, but then they kept asking me questions I didn't understand. Then they'd perform more surgeries on my head, but it never really helped me do better with those questions.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** What were the questions like?

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Just... asking me specific things about Eileen, I think. Like what her eighteenth birthday present was, or the names of her family members, or what schools she went to. But I didn't know anything about someone I've never met. Eventually they stopped giving me questions and tried to get me to just memorize the answers, but they all seemed spooked. You guys showed up just a few days later. *(Pause)* Um... I did have one question, if that's alright.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** I can try to answer it.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Well, I knew how to talk when I woke up, and how to use a door, and tie my shoes, and some other things, but I didn't know all the things they were asking me. Was I supposed to know them too?

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Well, as I understand it, explicit memories are the facts you know, like names or birthday presents and what have you. Implicit memories are things you can recall and perform without being fully aware of it. I believe that information is stored in different parts of the brain.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Oh, I get it, I think. So those operations were trying to fix that first thing in my brain?

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** I can't say for sure. Now, when we-

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Okay, yeah, that makes sense. But they seemed pretty happy that I could talk at first. Could you talk when you woke up?

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Excuse me?

> 

> **SCP-6703:** When you woke up. For the first time.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** I, uh, well, nobody can at first.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Oh. *(SCP-6703 smiles)* I suppose that means I'm ahead of the curve, so to speak. No wonder the doctors were so happy when I talked.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Well, you're an exception. Nobody else just wakes up like you did. They start off as babies.

> 

> *SCP-6703 looks visibly surprised*

> 

> **SCP-6703:** What? What do those do?

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Um, well... They grow into people.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Like plants?

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Yes. Wait, no-

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Okay, but what... what do they... *(SCP-6703 gesticulates vaguely with its hands)* what do they *do?*

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Uh... well, they really just... make a lot of noise and poop a lot for a while.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** What? *(SCP-6703 looks visibly concerned)* The doctors said there was a rat that did that in the lab. They fed it arsenic. 

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Jesus - look, rats don't do anything useful. Babies will eventually grow into people who do things. We need babies in order to survive as a species.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Oh, okay. So babies are like stocks.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** What?

> 

> **SCP-6703:** One of the doctors was talking about it. She wanted it to become money later.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Sure, whatever. Now, can we please get back to the interview? 

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Oh, yes, sorry. It's just that doctors didn't like answering my questions much.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** My next question has something to do with that. How were you treated where you were, and how have you been treated so far by our staff.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Well, the doctors really only kept me in the one room when I wasn't being operated on or when a part of me had to be replaced. And, like I said, they kept asking me questions I didn't know. They seemed to get more and more frustrated when I couldn't answer them.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Did you say they had to replace the implants? Did they ever directly physically harm you and damage them?

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Uh, no, they didn't really do much aside from the surgeries. Some of the implants would just fall apart over time. 

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** I see. So to just make it clear for the record, you cannot recover from physical injuries, and need your implants to be regularly replaced?

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Ah, yes. I haven't been awake for very long, so maybe eventually I could heal up some of the cuts from the surgeries. Pretty crazy that you guys can just do it automatically, aha.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Alright. Would it be alright if I ask one of our doctors to take a look at your implants? 

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Oh, sure. You guys probably wouldn't be able to help me out if you didn't know how they worked. You, uh, are going to be taking over from the doctors, right?

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** For general care, yes, but I don't believe the brain surgeries will continue. Now, how would you say you've been treated so far? Answer honestly, please. You won't be punished for what you say.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Oh, you guys have been fine. I was a little nervous when a bunch of people I didn't know came to cart me away, y'know, but I didn't know there was so much outside of the rooms the doctors had. You guys have been way more happy to talk with me, too. One of the guys who took me away answered my questions for almost a whole hour while they took me over here before he fell asleep really quickly while we were talking. Same thing with the guard outside. And this room is bigger than my old one.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** I see. If I could make a suggestion, I'd say to request some books about things you're curious about instead of asking around. They'll be more informative, and I don't think you'll be getting many opportunities to speak to other guards here moving forward.

> 

> **SCP-6703:** Oh, alright. Figures, not like you guys need them for me. So will I be seeing more of you guys, then?

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Somewhat, though I'll largely only communicate with you for psychiatric appointments. Standard operating procedures for humanoids with SCP designation. I suppose this brings me to my next topic. I need to inform you that RAISA has finalized your file with SCP designation.

>  

> **SCP-6703:** A-ah, yeah... I'm sorry, but I don't think they told me about, er, what that is.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Right, ah, well, the short version is that we contain several anomalies, such as yourself. The ones that require special consideration are listed as SCPs. Part of this consideration is... sort of a higher baseline level of security, since the SCPs aren't like the other objects.

>  

> **SCP-6703:**... Well, then, I guess I am ahead of the curve. 

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** I suppose so, in a manner of speaking.

>  

> **SCP-6703:** Alright, so, uh, what kind of... *(SCP-6703 makes 'air quotes' with its hands)* 'security' is needed, then?

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** SCPs are granted fewer freedoms than other humanoids, based on their unpredictability. Generally, that means more vetting and paperwork for most things to do with you, tighter security, and more restrictive privileges.

>  

> **SCP-6703:** S-sorry, I didn't know I'd be a hassle.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Don't worry about it, the staff here are very used to handling humanoids. And SCPs can get better privileges for good behavior. Just don't give any guards a hard time.

>  

> **SCP-6703:** Right, yeah, okay. I don't think I could do much if I wanted to, anyways.

> 

> **Dr. Erikson:** Okay, that's about it, then. Any other questions before I go?

>  

> **SCP-6703:** Oh, yeah, just one more thing. What are stocks?

> 

> *27 minutes of extraneous conversation removed for brevity. For full report, search for ITRVW-6703.01*

</details>

**Addendum 6703.2:** Related administrative correspondence

<details>
<summary>Access Document Group 6703.2.1</summary>

> **From:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **To:** mjones@raisa.net

> **Subject:** SCP-6703 Recategorization Request

> ----

> Hello,

> 

> I would like to request an update to the internal documentation for the anomaly currently designated as SCP-6703. I believe ~~she~~ it should be categorized as a Flawed Type-Red. As it stands the containment procedures are needlessly restrictive on the anomaly and an undue hassle on Site-17 staff. 

> 

> Thank you,

> Carol Rodgers

> **From:** lhernandez@raisa.net

> **To:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **Subject:** Re: SCP-6703 Recategorization Request

> ----

> Your email to Director Jones has been redirected to the RAISA employee responsible for SCP-6703. Please refrain from attempting to contact Director Jones unless absolutely necessary. Review Foundation protocol for any questions.

> **From:** jmurone@raisa.net

> **To:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **Subject:** Re: SCP-6703 Recategorization Request

> ----

> Carol,

> 

> This seems like a needless change. I will not be making it at this time. 

> 

> Joel Murone

> **From:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **To:** jmurone@raisa.net

> **Subject:** Re: SCP-6703 Recategorization Request

> ----

> Hello,

> 

> I did not sufficiently explain my reasoning for the request to change SCP-6703's designation in my earlier email. Allow me to lay out my reasoning for this request.

> 

> As you know, Site-17's Humanoid Containment wing currently contains both humanoids designated as low-to-medium risk SCPs as well as a larger population of humanoid anomalies who do not qualify for special containment procedures and are instead considered Contained Persons of Interest, listed CPOIs on documentation. Generalized containment procedures for POIs have been formulated for general application across similar groups of anomalous humanoids. 

> 

> Flawed Type-Red regenerators differ somewhat from SCP-6703 in that they do possess regenerative capabilities. In this case, they rapidly produce incorrect types of tissue to heal from wounds. In order to ensure these Type-Reds do not become immobilized by growths of bones or keratin over minor injuries, their containment procedures provide them with standardized protective clothing, slightly altered living amenities, and an expedited process for medical procedures when these measures do fail. As you may have noticed, these general containment procedures are already relatively consistent with current special containment procedures for SCP-6703. 

> 

> Additionally, staff at Site-17 must adhere to more stringent guidelines when handling SCPs compared to CPOIs by default. This includes more restrictive guidelines when simply interacting with or moving SCPs as well as an increased amount of precise documentation for virtually all things related to the SCP as they need to be recorded in the SCP file. This, of course, includes the medical documentation denoted by the Standard Humanoid Surgical Operation filing system. Unique procedures for individual SCPs also increases the amount of training required by on-site staff. This increase in paperwork and restrictions leads to not only increased workload for on-site staff, but a more stressful environment for the anomalies. Not only are requests and complaints made by SCPs addressed at a slower rate due to administrative obligations, but the anomalies themselves are afforded fewer privileges by default and have a more difficult time gaining privileges. For example, it can take up to three months to allow even well-behaved SCPs access to facilities that are afforded to CPOIs almost as a default. Even then, they must be accompanied by armed guards that are assigned to them specifically, rather than guarding the area. This leads to further scheduling difficulties with on-site security.

> 

> I will re-iterate my request to officially recategorize SCP-6703 as a CPOI. I hope this can be completed in a timely fashion.

> 

> Thank you,

> Carol Rodgers

> **From:** jmurone@raisa.net

> **To:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **Subject:** Re: SCP-6703 Recategorization Request

> ----

> Carol,

> 

> SCP-6703 is not a regenerator. It is not eligible for expedited medical filing, and this is a responsibility of its handling staff. Our foremost concern is containment security. This comes before all considerations of anomaly comfort. SCP procedures are there for a reason. Review the Foundation protocol.

> 

> Joel Murone

</details>

<details>
<summary>Access Document Group 6703.2.2</summary>

> Excerpt from Generalized Containment Procedures for Type-Red Regenerator Humanoids 

> ----

> *Note - You have been redirected from your search for **class 1 type red general containment procedures** to the following excerpt. Please consult the most recent edition of the Generalized Containment Procedures Handbook for the full text.*

> 

> **Class 1 Type Red** humanoids are characterized by their inability to produce proper types of body tissue over injuries regardless of ability to reconstitute any non-edible matter into tissue growth.

> * Class 1 entities are often contained due to the difficulties they face in functioning society as well as their high likelihood of exposing anomalies to the general public.

> * Entities should be given standard Class 1 Red Protective Clothing in order to minimize risk of injury. 

> * Living quarters for entities should be furnished with the standard Class 1 Type Red Living Configuration.

> * Entities are only permitted to travel to areas overseen by Foundation staff trained to minimize injuries.

> * Standard Humanoid Surgical Operation Records may be ignored in favor of the Expedited Humanoid Medical Care filing system.

> **Foundation Intranet Messaging privateFoundation authorities reserve any rights to access any logs deemed relevant to containment or security at any time. messaging log**

>  Parties in chatroom: Carol Rodgers, Deputy Manager of Site-17’s Humanoid Containment wing, Alex Douglas, Assistant to the Deputy Manager of Site-17’s Humanoid Containment wing

> ----

> ##blue|**(16:31) Douglas:**## i got a few other people in the wing's admin branch to take a look at the red general procedures and they all agreed that it's practically the same as the procedures for 6703

> ##309ed1|**(16:32) Rodgers:**## I don't understand why the procedures were finalized before the on-site containment specialists could even weigh in. We probably spent twice as much money on her cell because we couldn't just get the standardized living configuration.

> ##blue|**(16:32) Douglas:**## i'd advise you against using pronouns like that for skips.

> ##309ed1|**(16:32) Rodgers:**## Did you change the wording from she to it on my outgoing email to RAISA?

> ##blue|**(16:33) Douglas:**## yes. i know you don't like that but that's protocol and people are going to throw out requests that use improper language. it happens here to newer staff often.

> ##309ed1|**(16:33) Rodgers:**## You corrected the pronoun but didn't think to amend the recipient? 

> ##309ed1|**(16:41) Rodgers:**## Not like it mattered anyways. It got thrown out by the RAISA officer who finalized the containment procedures anyways.

> ##blue|**(16:41) Douglas:**## murone?

> ##309ed1|**(16:41) Rodgers:**## You know him?

> ##blue|**(16:42) Douglas:**## not directly, but i remember him being assigned to us.

> ##blue|**(16:42) Douglas:**## he's been in that job pretty much since he got here something like 25 years ago.

> ##blue|**(16:43) Douglas:**## guys like that are usually sticklers. working a desk job that far removed from anything makes you out of touch with everything but regulations.

> ##blue|**(16:43) Douglas:**## maybe you just gotta play hardball y'know

> ##blue|**(16:44) Douglas:**## make it clear he should listen

> ##309ed1|**(16:50) Rodgers:**## If he's so apathetic then he should make way for someone who cares about the job more. It's things like that that are the issue here. Everyone treats the anomalies here like criminals when they never committed a crime. When all anyone sees are these containment procedures and dehumanizing language they think they don't even have to consider that there are people on the other end.

> ##blue|**(16:51) Douglas:**## and people doing a lit of stupid ~~fucking~~ paperwork

> ##blue|**(16:51) Douglas:**## *lot

> ##blue|**(16:51) Douglas:**## and that's a great speech boss

> ##blue|**(16:51) Douglas:**## but people in your job follow the rules the directors lay out

> ##blue|**(16:52) Douglas:**## also not to split hairs but some of these people definitely committed crimes 

> ##blue|**(16:52) Douglas:**## i heard one killed like a hundred people or something on a task force

> ##blue|**(16:52) Douglas:**## like some sniper elite type stuff

> ##309ed1|**(16:53) Rodgers:**## You get my point.

> ##blue|**(16:53) Douglas:**## wait isn't that supposed to be classified 

> ##blue|**(16:53) Douglas:**## shit

> ##blue|**(16:53) Douglas:**## these are private right?

> **Foundation Intranet Messaging private messaging log**

> Parties in chatroom: Joel Murone, Senior Recordkeeper, RAISA Central North American Branch, Jesse Kim, Junior Recordkeeper, RAISA Central North American Branch

> ----

> ##red|**(11:56) Murone:**## Literally in black and white. Procedures for Type-Red Regenerator Humanoids. 

> ##c4791d|**(11:56) Kim:**## The containment procedures are almost exactly the same.

> ##red|**(11:56) Murone:**## If 6703 was anything it would be a Type Black.

> ##red|**(11:56) Murone:**## We have procedures for each humanoid class for a reason.

> ##c4791d|**(11:58) Kim:**## I believe Type Blacks are capable of self-reanimation.

> ##red|**(11:58) Murone:**## All the more reason to give 6703 SCP status.

> ##red|**(11:59) Murone:**## The only reason they want to recategorize it is to make their jobs easier.

> ##red|**(11:59) Murone:**## 17 is just like that. Nothing to keep them on their toes like at 19.

> ##c4791d|**(12:00) Kim:**## I have a friend at 17 who said it was more about the fact that they were barred from the preset living quarters arrangements and they had to spend more on the individual furniture pieces.

> ##red|**(12:00) Murone:**## The only thing they have to be afraid of there is paperwork.

> ##c4791d|**(12:00) Kim:**## *Murone, 2 days ago. 17:01: Do these people have any idea how much red tape I need to cut through to swap that shit?*

> ##red|**(12:04) Murone:**## You're new here so let me give you some advice.

> ##red|**(12:04) Murone:**## This job is 80% paperwork and 20% time management.

> ##red|**(12:05) Murone:**## You can't learn that in some seminar.

> ##c4791d|**(12:05) Kim:**## And taking some to yourself, right, sir?

> ##red|**(12:07) Murone:**## The IT guys don't want to fix my things because having my online status display Solitare constantly isn't considered high-priority. That's how come it's on there.

> ##red|**(12:10) Murone:**## RAISA keeps this place running. You can't do everything all at once.

> ##c4791d|**(12.11) Kim:**## Of course sir.

> ##red|**(12:12) Murone:**## That Rodgers girl doesn't get that this job is actually goddamn important. 

> ##red|**(12:12) Murone:**## Isn't she new?

> ##c4791d|**(12:14) Kim:**## She ran a care facility for something like 20 years before some of her clients turned out to be a low-level Type Green.

> ##c4791d|**(12:15) Kim:**## She had enough managerial experience to where 17's top brass thought they could spare the amnestic and hire her on.

> ##red|**(12:15) Murone:**## I don't need her whole dossier.

> ##c4791d|**(12:15) Kim:**## She came to 17 about 2 years ago and got promoted to Deputy Manager four months ago.

> ##c4791d|**(12:15) Kim:**## Sorry.

> ##red|**(12:15) Murone:**## She just got hired on because they had a vacancy to fill. I was scouted after I got my marketing degree.

> ##red|**(12:15) Murone:**## Played college ball, you know. Could have gone pro if I didn't join the Foundation.

> ##c4791d|**(12:16) Kim:**## Didn't the regional RAISA offices get trashed by a tornado or something and like half the staff died right before you were hired?

> ##red|**(12:18) Murone:**## Pure coincidence. 

> ##red|**(12:18) Murone:**## Rodgers is new here and just wants to treat each skip like it's their vacation or some shit.

> ##red|**(12:19) Murone:**## We do real work, damnit. procedures are there for a reason. Regulations are written in blood. I'm not gonna play it fast and loose for some girl who just got here.

> ##c4791d|**(12:19) Kim:**## Of course. It's just insulting she got promoted to something around your position in under a tenth of the time.

> *##red|Murone## disconnected at 12:19*

> **From:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **To:** jmurone@raisa.net

> **Subject:** SCP-6703 Containment Procedures

> ----

> Hello,

> 

> I wanted to ask you about the special containment procedures that were given to SCP-6703. Barring the frankly glaring overlap it has with Class 1 Type Red procedures, they were filed and finalized before on-site containment specialists were able to offer their opinions on the matter. From what I understand, this was a breach of protocol.

> 

> Additionally, the procedures were incomplete when the SCP file was sent to you for review at 4:47 PM last Friday, and the special containment procedures were completed and the file was input to the database at 4:56 PM, before the transcript of the interview log was even completed. I have also noticed you work from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM on Friday. I am asking you to give this file its due consideration, which you did not grant it when you first found it on your desk.

> 

> Regards,

> Carol Rodgers

> **From:** jmurone@raisa.net

> **To:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **Subject:** Re: SCP-6703 Containment Procedures

> ----

> Carol,

> 

> You're very new here so I'll explain what I did. 6703 is not dangerous but it *should* be very clear to you that it does not fall under any generalized containment procedures. I have over 20 years more experience here than you do, so I understand how special containment procedures are written and I simply filled it in based on my experience. Your containment specialists would be thanking me for doing what they would have done without wasting so much time. You should learn that SCP regulations are not to be taken lightly.

> 

> If you continue to antagonize me I will report this to HR.

> 

> Joel Murone

> **From:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **To:** jmurone@raisa.net

> **Subject:** SCP-6703 Containment Procedures

> ----

> Joel,

> 

> If you want to talk about wasting time, you should be talking about the collective manhours my staff has to invest into learning the special containment procedures. Or the paperwork filed for all the nonstandard accommodations we could have easily replaced with the standard Type-Red accommodations, not to mention the future paperwork for surgical procedures. And we should also talk about the time 6703 spent waiting on those accommodations.

> 

> I understand the necessity of SCP designations. I would not have been granted this position if I did not respect the danger anomalies can pose. But there is no reason to make life for the anomalies more difficult than it needs to be. We need not act like a prison when we are often the best place humanoid anomalies can turn to for safety. SCP designation, however, is simply not required for 6703. Its containment procedures are utterly redundant and the security protocols observed for humanoids with SCP status are an undue stressor on both my team and the anomaly. I ask you to reconsider your stance on the subject.

> 

> Regards,

> Carol Rodgers

> **From:** jmurone@raisa.net

> **To:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **Subject:** Re: SCP-6703 Containment Procedures

> ----

> Carol,

> 

> Site-17 staff should not complain about their responsibilities. I will inform Site-17 leadership of your team's resistance to complete basic work if this correspondence continues.

> 

> Our foremost and frankly only concern is the proper containment of anomalies, humanoid or not. Frankly you should not be in any sort of leadership position, even an unimpressive one such as yours, if you do not grasp this very simple fact about the Foundation. A word of advice: go back to reading Foundation protocol.

> 

> I will consider further correspondences on this topic workplace misconduct and therefore pursue appropriate action against you.

> 

> Joel Murone

> SCP-6703 Request Log 

> ----

> **Approved**

> # Staff requests

>  * Components for replacement for left knee prosthetic implant, details attached. SCP-6703 reports severely limited function of its left leg, resulting in the inability to stand. -Dr. Ben Palmer *(received 28 days ago, approved 24 days ago)*. Note(s): *Procedure maintains baseline function of anomaly.*

>  * Components for replacement for right ankle prosthetic implant, details attached. SCP-6703 reports severely limited function of its right leg, resulting in the inability to stand once again. -Dr. Ben Palmer *(received 21 days ago, approved 14 days ago)*. Note(s): *Procedure maintains baseline function of anomaly.*

>  * Components for replacement for right elbow prosthetic implant, details attached. SCP-6703 reports severely limited function of its dominant hand/arm. -Dr. Ben Palmer *(received 12 days ago, approved 3 days ago)*. Note(s): *Procedure maintains baseline function of anomaly.*

>  * Components for replacement for prosthetic diaphragm implant, details attached. SCP-6703 experiences extreme difficulty breathing and currently requires an external breathing apparatus in order to survive. -Dr. Ben Palmer*(received 2 days ago, Dr. Palmer bypassed the approval system due to the life-threatening nature of the situation.)*. Note(s): *Dr. Palmer's actions have yet to be verified as warranted, as is standard procedure for such requests.*

> # SCP-6703 requests

>  * Collection of books, details attached. *(received 34 days ago, approved 29 days ago)*. Note(s): *Standard reading material is permitted to all humanoids as a baseline accommodation.*

>  * Collection of books, details attached. *(received 23 days ago, approved 15 days ago)*. Note(s): *SCP-6703 has a history of cooperative behavior. Accommodations are permitted.*

> **Denied**

> # Staff requests

>  * Components for improved replacement implants for SCP-6703, details attached. The GOI SCP-6703 was seized from likely intended to implant more permanent prostheses at a later date, as spinal and neural implants demonstrate a higher technological level than other implants within it. The Foundation has the resources to replace most of the temporary implants with more permanent ones. While the up-front cost will be significantly higher than replacing the implants with the same technology as has been the case recently, with the rate at which SCP-6703's current implants fail, it will save the Foundation time and money in the long run. -Dr. Ben Palmer *(received 7 days ago, denied 1 day ago)*. Note(s): *The procedures for handling SCP objects state that SCPs are not to be intentionally tampered with or otherwise altered in any significant way. This extends to humanoid SCPs as well.*

> # SCP-6703 requests

>  * Improved implants, as detailed by Dr. Palmer. *(received 6 days ago, denied 1 day ago)*. Note(s): *Refrain from sharing extraneous information with humanoids in the future.*

> **Pending**

> # Staff requests

>  * Components for replacement for left knee prosthetic implant, details attached. SCP-6703 reports difficulty standing. -Dr. Ben Palmer *(received 10 days ago)*. Note(s): *Processing request.*

>  * Components for replacement for right prosthetic implant, details attached. SCP-6703 reports being unable to stand or walk -Dr. Ben Palmer *(received 5 days ago)*. Note(s): *Processing request.*

>  * Components for replacement for right elbow prosthetic implant, details attached. SCP-6703 reports severely limited function of its dominant hand/arm. -Dr. Ben Palmer *(received X weeks ago)*. Note(s): *Processing request.*

> 

> # SCP-6703 requests

>  * Collection of books, details attached. *(received 19 days ago)*. Note(s): *Processing request.*

>  * Collection of books, details attached. *(received 14 days ago)*. Note(s): *Processing request.*

>  * Adjustable crutches. *(received 9 days ago)*. Note(s): *Processing request.*

>  * Collection of books, details attached. *(received 8 days ago)*. Note(s): *Processing request.*

>  * A wheelchair. *(received 5 days ago)*. Note(s): *Processing request.*

>  * Collection of books, details attached. *(received 4 days ago)*. Note(s): *Processing request.*

</details>

<details>
<summary>Access Document Group 6703.2.3</summary>

> **Foundation Intranet Messaging private messaging log**

> Parties in chatroom: Alex Douglas, Assistant to the Deputy Manager of Site-17’s Humanoid Containment wing, Jesse Kim, Junior Recordkeeper, RAISA Central North American Branch

> ----

> ##blue|**(18:23) Douglas:**## did that murone asshole threaten my boss

> ##c4791d|**(18:39) Kim:**## ?

> ##blue|**(18:40) Douglas:**## like two weeks ago

> ##c4791d|**(18:41) Kim:**## how should i know

> ##blue|**(18:41) Douglas:**## you work with the guy

> ##c4791d|**(18:42) Kim:**## i wouldnt say i work with him

> ##c4791d|**(18:42) Kim:**## i mostly jerk him off so that he talks good about me to his bosses so i can get the next promotion theyre gonna pass him up for

> ##c4791d|**(18:43) Kim:**## although i doubt the old bastard can even get it up anymore

> ##blue|**(18:43) Douglas:**## lol

> ##blue|**(18:43) Douglas:**## is he that bad

> ##c4791d|**(18:44) Kim:**## god yes

> ##c4791d|**(18:44) Kim:**## hes got a stick so far up his ass you can see it when he opens his mouth

> ##c4791d|**(18:44) Kim:**## he acts like hes hot shit because hes worked the same job since i was born

> ##c4791d|**(18:45) Kim:**## he talks about how important it is but he doesnt fucking work at all

> ##blue|**(18:45) Douglas:**## got it all out of your system?

> ##c4791d|**(18:46) Kim:**## ive worked in raisa for months and ive never seen anyone work less than him

> ##blue|**(18:46) Douglas:**## never?

> ##c4791d|**(18:46) Kim:**## no

> ##c4791d|**(18:46) Kim:**## never

> ##blue|**(18:47) Douglas:**## is that normal?

> ##c4791d|**(18:47) Kim:**## nah but im not gonna start shit with a guy who could get me fired

> ##blue|**(18:47) Douglas:**## wack

> **Foundation Intranet Messaging private messaging log**

>  Parties in chatroom: Carol Rodgers, Deputy Manager of Site-17’s Humanoid Containment wing, Alex Douglas, Assistant to the Deputy Manager of Site-17’s Humanoid Containment wing

> ----

> ##blue|**(19:12) Douglas:**## hey boss

> ##309ed1|**(19:13) Rodgers:**## Is there an emergency

> ##blue|**(19:13) Douglas:**## nah but you might want to hear this

> ##309ed1|**(19:13) Rodgers:**## You don't have to message me after work hours for non-emergencies.

> ##blue|**(19:13) Douglas:**## thanks man

> ##blue|**(19:14) Douglas:**## but i just figured you might wanna hear this

> ##blue|**(19:14) Douglas:**## you know murone?

> ##309ed1|**(19:15) Rodgers:**## This is the thing I specifically did not want to talk about.

> ##blue|**(19:16) Douglas:**## hear me out

> ##blue|**(19:16) Douglas:**## I got a friend at raisa

> ##blue|**(19:16) Douglas:**## you know where he works?

> ##309ed1|**(19:16) Rodgers:**## RAISA.

> ##blue|**(19:17) Douglas:**## right under the asshole

> ##309ed1|**(19:17) Rodgers:**## I wasn't aware Maria Jones hired gastroenterologists. 

> ##blue|**(19:18) Douglas:**## a. a ha. a ha ha ha. a ha ha ha ha ha ha.

> ##309ed1|**(19:18) Rodgers:**## You mean Murone?

> ##blue|**(19:18) Douglas:**## yup

> ##blue|**(19:18) Douglas:**## apparently he doesn't do any work

> ##blue|**(19:19) Douglas:**## like to the point where he sticks out

> ##blue|**(19:19) Douglas:**## even by raisa standards

> ##309ed1|**(19:19) Rodgers:**## About what I expected, honestly. But knowing the asshole is a hypocritical asshole doesn't do much. My hands are tied.

> ##blue|**(19:20) Douglas:**## i mean don't you think our staff have been filing way too many forms on top of all the work they normally do? like to an almost suspicious degree? and even if hes an asshole you'd think he'd at least have a concious for other people doing bs paperwork.

> ##309ed1|**(19:20) Rodgers:**## You might have a point.

> ##blue|**(19:20) Douglas:**## concoius 

> ##blue|**(19:20) Douglas:**## conchiouc

> ##blue|**(19:20) Douglas:**## conchious

> ##309ed1|**(19:20) Rodgers:**## It's conscious. Since you brought this to my attention, could I ask you to look into RAISA regulations in terms of filing processes for humanoid anomalies?

> ##blue|**(19:21) Douglas:**## Foundation Employment Handbook, Chapter 5: Time and Scheduling, Section 2: Off Hours, Subsection 3: Unless otherwise specified by your current position, or there is currently an emergency that requires your attention, Foundation employees are not expected to engage in work-related activities, work, or research during off-hours. Attempting to pressure other employees into working during off-hours will result in a formal reprimand followed by a standard escalation of consequences.

> ##309ed1|**(19:21) Rodgers:**## Do you seriously just keep that ready to copy and paste at all times

> **From:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **To:** jmurone@raisa.net

> **Subject:** Followed Your Advice

> ----

> Joel,

> 

> I know we haven't always seen eye-to-eye in the past. But in the interest of extending an olive branch for our professional relationship - however long it may last - I decided to take your advice and read up on Foundation protocol. I found it very informative, and figured I should tell you some of the more interesting things I learned.

> 

> For example, I learned about those Standard Humanoid Surgical Operation Records that my team had been spending so much time filling out for 6703. Those can be a real pain, you know? Of course, I assume you know, because according to Foundation protocol outlining the responsibilities of RAISA liaisons to Foundation sites, these forms would be your responsibilities to complete. 6703 still needs these forms - and a lot of them - but it should be very clear to you that SCP-6703 does not fall under any generalized containment procedures.

> 

> In fact I found it odd that you were not completing these forms, or any of the forms assigned to you as my liaison, so I looked back at your history. It took a while, seeing as you've spent well over a decade in the exact same position without so much as a temporary reassignment, but eventually I found the records of your first days on the job. And you were right in saying that you were very experienced, because you used your impressive middle management credentials you gained over a decade of loyal service to change the internal filing system in the Humanoid Containment wing to offload work here. 

> 

> I understand how important time management is in a position like yours, but RAISA staff should not complain about their responsibilities. I will inform RAISA leadership of your resistance to complete basic work if this continues.

> 

> I assume this was a simple accident, but in case it was a breach by some malicious actors, my team and I have catalogued every little bit of data about the breach and its effects, since we've practically become experts at recording data and storing it. In order to make sure there are no lasting effects from this security breach, I will be rerouting all expected paperwork to you and ensuring it is all properly filed and completed in a timely manner. A silver lining in all this is that my team and I will know exactly what to look for. 

> 

> I know you asked me very nicely to drop the subject of recategorizing SCP-6703 to a CPOI, but I would simply like to broach the subject once more, perhaps as a show of good faith from yourself. You can even consider it stretching those administrative muscles you might not have used in a while. 

> 

> I will consider failure to address my questions workplace misconduct and therefore pursue appropriate action against you.

> 

> Thank you,

> Carol Rodgers

> **From:** jmurone@raisa.net

> **To:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **Subject:** Re: Followed Your Advice

> ----

> Carol,

> 

> Good on you for finding such a breach. I'm also looking into recategorizing SCP-6703 as a CPOI as per your suggestion.

>

> In terms of the breach, I'm receiving the proper forms now and completing them properly and on time. Perhaps we should take more step to make our ease of correspondence easier in the future?

> 

> Sincerely, 

> Joel Murone

> **From:** crodgers17@scipnet.net

> **To:** jmurone@raisa.net

> **Subject:** Followed Your Advice

> ----

> Joel,

> 

> All due respect, but I simply don't know how long I can expect this partnership to last, with the Senior Manager of Site-17’s Humanoid Containment wing up for a promotion to a Site Director soon, what with me being one of the prime candidates for the vacancy.

> 

> However, I'll be sure to pass along records of our correspondence to the next person who fills this position, and inform them to do the same. Since they'll all be working with you.

> 

> Thank you,

> Carol Rodgers

</details>

**Addendum 6703.3:** The anomaly once listed as SCP-6703 has since been recategorized as CPOI-RED1-6703. For further information, please consult Site-17's CPOI Dossier. 

<< [SCP-6702](SCP-6702) | SCP-6703 | [SCP-6704](SCP-6704) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
