=====

=====

:root {

    --top-layer-height-offset: -0.85rem;

}

div#header-extra-div-1 {

    height: 12.75em;

    width: 100%;

    top: .5em;

    left: 0;

    position: absolute;

    background: url(http://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/theme%3Apaperstack/lgtrans.png);

    background-size: contain;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-position: calc(var(--sp_area-comp-margin) + 2.25rem) 50%;

    z-index: -1;

    pointer-events: none;

}

#side-bar {

    background-color: var(--paper-background-color);

    box-shadow: 0 0 .5rem var(--paper-shadow-color);

}

@media (max-width: 720px) {

    div#header-extra-div-1 { background-position: center; }

}

.header-container-ex {

    padding-top: 0;

}

##grey|**ITEM #:**##

**SCP-6463**

##grey|**CONTAINMENT CLASS:**##

**PENDING**

#### **Special Containment Procedures**

~~Dr. Charles Gears is to monitor and survey SCP-6463 for topological or interdimensional irregularity. Re-establishing contact with the Foundation is to be considered highest priority.~~

##blue|N/A.##

#### **Description**

SCP-6463 is the ~~provisional~~ designation for Dimension-882R53, an extradimensional plane of unknown size. SCP-6463 resembles a salt flat, with its surface being solid and exhibiting near perfect reflectivity. The surface is also noted to have a salty taste.

Entities within SCP-6463 are believed to not be affected by any form of energy expenditure and decay, as several electronic devices brought into SCP-6463 have been in continuous function for at least 296,516 years without fail, and people inside it do not appear to age or need sustenance, making them biologically immortal.

SCP-6463 is largely featureless, with the exception of a single tree (henceforth SCP-6463-A) which exhibits a cognitohazardous effect which makes the observer always aware of its location, regardless of distance or visibility.

##blue|The body of Dr. Charles Gears was found leaning against the base of SCP-6463-A. The timestamp of this file's last update, alongside the subsequent autopsy report and 1,779,095 recovered video logs on his drive indicated he died at ~450,000 years of age from natural causes.##

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6462](SCP-6462) | SCP-6463 | [SCP-6464](SCP-6464) >>

> **Filename:** treelake.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** This page

> **Derivative Of:** 

> ~~-~~-

> **Name:** tree

> **Author:** Sheila in Moonducks

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Openverse](https://openverse.org/image/440a57fd-3229-4e18-a844-9daec5613e89)

> ~~-~~-

> **Name:** Salar de Uyuni 2013

> **Author:** Kuroiniisan 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Salar_de_Uyuni_2013.jpg)
