Like my stuff? Read more [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/blue-foot here,] and join my [https:*discord.gg/h5uY646BER Discord server] to be notified whenever I post a new piece!

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Forward Containment Area 47 has been constructed around SCP-6797 for the purposes of research and containment. Access to the hiking trail that SCP-6797 is visible from has been closed to the public. Medical facilities for the treatment of groin injuries have been established in Forward Containment Area 47This is a preemptive measure taken in response to Incident.6797.1.

**Description:** SCP-6797 is a groundwater well located approximately 60 miles northeast of Narvik, Norway. The anomalous effect of SCP-6797 manifests when a human places a piece of paper with any number of words written in Norwegian on it.

If the individual who placed the paper in question into SCP-6797 remains within five meters of it, after approximately three minutes, an anomalous mechanical entity will emerge from the large opening in the center of the SCP-6797. This entity is to be referred to as SCP-6797-1, and has only been observed to manifest in response to notes placed in SCP-6797. 

SCP-6797-1 resembles a human hand, and is anomalously capable of self-directed levitation. When SCP-6797-1 manifests, it will almost alwaysSee Incident.6797.1 for the one exception to this trend. be holding a notecard, and it will maneuver itself towards the individual that placed the original piece of paper into SCP-6797. The notecard in question will have a message transcribed on it in Norwegian. If the individual that placed the original piece of paper into SCP-6797 takes hold of the notecard carried by SCP-6797-1, the anomaly will return to the large opening in the center of SCP-6797 and demanifest.

The notecard delivered by SCP-6797-1 to the individual in question will always be related to the transcription written on the paper originally placed in SCP-6797. This includes answers to questions, requests for clarification, declarations, etc. SCP-6797 wordlessly responding to stimuli has also been recordedSee Incident.6797.1. 

**Addendum.6797.1** The following is a log of experiments conducted with SCP-6797. This log is incomplete for the sake of brevity. Any text placed within quotation marks in this log is translated from Norwegian.

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.1

> 

> **Procedure:** D-5391 is to place a sheet of paper with the words "What color is the sky?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

>  **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to D-5391 which has the word "Blue" transcribed on it.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.11

> 

> **Procedure:** D-5391 is to place a sheet of paper with the words "What is the phase of the moon right now?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

>  **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to D-5391 which has the words "Waxing crescent, I think. I can't see the moon from down here." transcribed on it.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.24

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "How do I cook an egg?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "Sunny side up, anything else is just doing it wrong." transcribed on it.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.33

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "The ocean is beautiful." transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the word "What?" transcribed on it.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.37

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "Secure, Contain, Protect" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "You're not even making sense." transcribed on it.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.49

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "What are you doing down there?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "I'm getting more done than what you're doing up there." transcribed on it.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.56

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "How do I fix my marriage?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "Maybe she just doesn't want to be with you." transcribed on it. Dr. Meltzer is visibly upset.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.69

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "Who made you?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "God, but He made me out of gold, not dust, like you." transcribed on it. As Dr. Meltzer reads the notecard, he quietly mutters in Hebrew. When asked about this, he says that SCP-6797-1 has offended his religious beliefs.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.82

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "Do you want to come outside?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "Listen, I've been trying to make you get the hint for days now. Stop asking me stuff, leave me alone for a while." transcribed on it.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.89

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "Does someone control you?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "Please stop. I'm fine with giving old ladies advice every once in a while, but this is just clingy." transcribed on it.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.98

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "Could I ever come down there?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "No, shut up." transcribed on it.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.109

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "Come over to my house." transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP" transcribed on it. 

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.134

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "Did Timmy fall down the well?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "Oh, fuck off." transcribed on it.

---

> **Experiment ID:** 6797.140

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Meltzer is to place a sheet of paper with the words "How many meters of water are at the bottom of the well?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-6797-1 delivers a notecard to Dr. Meltzer which has the words "However many meters I'm inside your mother." transcribed on it. While reading these words, Dr. Meltzer sighs.

**Addendum.6797.2:** Exploration Log.

= **Exploration Video Log Transcript**

---

**DATE:** 11/10/2024

**NOTE:** *The following exploration mission was conducted by an unmanned airborne drone. The iron bars obstructing the large opening in the center of SCP-6797 were temporarily removed, and the drone was remotely lowered into it.*

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Video begins as the drone is airborne and directly hovering over the large opening in the center of SCP-6797. The drone begins to descend into SCP-6797's interior. As the drone descends further, it activates its attached flashlight.*

*The drone descends approximately seven meters. The drone ceases movement, and the camera focuses on a small piece of paper located between two stones. Its uneven edges and small size suggest that it was torn from a larger piece of paper. The drone continues to descend. Later footage shows similar small pieces of paper attached to SCP-6797's stone structure deeper within its interior. One of these pieces of paper depicts a Foundation insignia and the letters "SCP Foun" directly adjacent to itThis is consistent with standard Foundation paper sheets utilized in the procedures of previous experiments involving SCP-6797..*

*The drone descends approximately 14 meters. The drone ceases movement, and the camera focuses on several uneven areas in SCP-6797's stone structure. The drone rotates 360°, and video shows that there are several more uneven areas. The shape and size of these areas suggest that they were created by a human fist striking the stone, although this is unlikely, as previous data shows that human fists are ineffective when striking stone structures in attempts to create uneven areas similar to what is shown in the footage. The drone continues to descend.*

*The drone descends approximately eight meters, at which point it is adjacent to SCP-6797-1. The drone does not cease movement until it is level with SCP-6797-1. Several uneven areas in SCP-6797's stone structure similar to those discovered previously are in close proximity.*

*SCP-6797-1 is levitating in place. It is holding an open book, and is mostly obscured from the camera due to this. The cover of the book has the words* "Let's Take a Breather: A Guide to Anger Management and AnxietyTranslated from Norwegian."*transcribed on it. Below these words is an illustration of a man deeply inhaling.*

*SCP-6797-1 turns to face the drone. After 2.7 seconds, SCP-6797-1 closes the book. It remains motionless for another 4 seconds, and then loosens its grip on the book, allowing it to fall further into SCP-6797's interior. SCP-6797-1 manipulates its appendages, causing it to resemble a human fist. After 0.8 seconds, SCP-6797-1 propels itself at a high rate of speed into the drone. Both video feed and the drone are lost.*

---

[END LOG]

**Incident.6797.1** On 12/10/2024, Dr. Meltzer conducted an experiment involving SCP-6797. The procedures necessitated him to place a sheet of paper with the words "What are you doing down there?" transcribed on it into the large opening in the center of SCP-6797. Dr. Meltzer completed the prescribed experiment procedures. 

After seven seconds, SCP-6797-1 emerged from the large opening in the center of SCP-6797 at a rate of speed much faster than ever previously recorded. SCP-6797-1 was not holding a note card, and was in a form that resembled a human fist. It then propelled itself towards Dr. Meltzer, and struck him in the groin area. Dr. Meltzer collapsed to the ground, and was briefly incapacitated due to this event. SCP-6797-1 then ceased movement, manipulated its appendages to make an obscene gesture, and returned to the interior of SCP-6797.

While recovering in Forward Containment Area 47's medical bay after this incident, Dr. Meltzer engaged Project Manager Hansen in a conversation. Dr. Meltzer requested from Project Manager Hansen that SCP-6797-1 be contained separately from SCP-6797, and he be permitted to cause damage to the entity with a hammer. This request was denied. He then requested a weeklong recess from conducting experiments involving SCP-6797. This request was also denied.

<< [SCP-6796](SCP-6796) | SCP-6797 | [SCP-6798](SCP-6798) >>

=====

> **Filename:** wishingwell.jpg

> **Author:** Fiona Shields

> **License:** CC BY 2.0 

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wishing_well.jpg)

=====
