.creditRate {

float: unset !important;

margin-bottom: unset !important;

}

[Canon Hub](canon-hub) >> [From 120's Archives Hub](From 120's Archives Hub) >> SCP-6772

**SCP-6772: Head Hunter**

Don't lose your head.

Co-written by  and 

**[Nickthebrick1's Authorpage](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/nickthebrick1)**

**[Ralliston's Authorpage](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ralliston-s-authorpage)**

Written by ** and **

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6772 is currently uncontained. ~~Although its exact whereabouts remain unknown, following the events of Addendum 6772-1, it is highly theorized to still remain within the boundaries of FP-120 ("[Esterberg](esterberg-city-wikipedia)").~~ To ensure the entity's apprehension should it be spotted within the Free Port, a collaboration between the Foundation and Esterberg's law enforcement has been established.

If properly contained, SCP-6772 is to be subdued and held in a temporary containment cell at the nearby [Site-120](secure-facility-dossier-site-120). The entity's equipment and SCP-6772-A is to be confiscated and held at a different wing of the facility. No heads are to be provided to SCP-6772 unless under testing parameters. SCP-6772-B is kept in cold storage at Site-120's medical bay.

Should integration attempts in accordance with [Directive Alpha/1911](ralliston-s-proposal) and the Integration Program. A Beta-priority Foundation project focused on redeeming and rehabilitating anomalies under its influence via direct employment.  fail, the entity is to be transported to a heavy containment unit in Site-19, where it is to remain indefinitely.

---

**Description:** SCP-6772 is a headless humanoid entity measuring approximately 170 centimeters in height and 115 kilograms in weight. Despite lacking a head ~~ and, by logical extension, a brain ~~ the entity is biologically alive and capable of all biological functions of a baseline human being.

SCP-6772's current outfit consists of dark brown jeans and a black leather jacket with a Kevlar bulletproof vest underneath. Aside from the iconography of a skull. The skull's appearance is similar to those used by the American military and the symbol used by the fictional *Marvel* comic book character, the Punisher. on the back of its jacket, it possesses no other distinguishing features.

SCP-6772 has the ability to attach any disembodied head onto itself. This ability is not limited to human heads -- the entity has been seen attaching heads of different species and other head-shaped objects to itself numerous times.

While possessing an individual's head, SCP-6772 will gain the skills and knowledge belonging to them, whilst still keeping its own consciousness. SCP-6772 will continue to gain access to these memories unless the cranium is damaged or if the entity detaches the head. SCP-6772 typically acquires heads through decapitation via SCP-6772-A.

SCP-6772-A is a paratechnological bladed weapon, resembling a sword. The blade of the sword possesses a cutting chain similar to that found on a chainsaw, with its hilt made of a golden material. When active, SCP-6772-A will vibrate and produce a red glow, and can cut through most solid materials with little difficulty. SCP-6772 can telekinetically control SCP-6772-A when the object is in close proximity to the entity. Additionally, engraved on the sword is a depiction of SCP-6772-B.

SCP-6772-B was an equine entity with black fur and luminescent red eyes that was capable of short-range teleportation, as well as production of mist and fog. Following its neutralization,. See -- Discovery.  it has lost these anomalous properties.

---

**Discovery:** The Foundation first became alerted to the existence of SCP-6772 on 03/02/2007 when it appeared in Westchester, New York, attacking nearby civilians whilst riding SCP-6772-B without apparent reason. MTF Pi-1 ("City Slickers") was deployed to the area to pursue and attempt containment of the entity. During the entire operation, SCP-6772 demonstrated extreme aggression and became highly violent to the point of not only compromising the lives of MTF Pi-1 and nearby civilians but also risking the destruction of the local Veil. As no calming substances appeared to work on the entity, MTF Pi-1 had to use lethal force against SCP-6772, leading to the accidental death of SCP-6772-B.

Following SCP-6772-B's neutralization, SCP-6772 disengaged from combat and focused on attempting to save and revive its steed, which allowed Pi-1 to attempt containment. However, before the action could be completed, [SCP-6073](SCP-6073). A different, mostly unrelated anomaly that fights alongside the group SCP-6772 is a part of (see below).  suddenly appeared, subduing Pi-1 and managing to escape with SCP-6772 tagging alongside it. For more than nine months, the anomaly remained at large.

SCP-6772 was encountered again later that year by MTF Pi-1 during a raid on a Miracle Liberation Front. GoI-008, a group of sentient anomalies attempting to break down the Veil and the concept of normalcy, causing an SK-Class "Dominance Shift" Scenario in the process. Previously thought to be not associated with SCP-6772.  stronghold in Detroit, Michigan. While many operatives were either subdued or perished, the entity evaded capture once more. Since then, SCP-6772 had reemerged multiple times, and has been confirmed working for the MLF as a "bounty hunter," eliminating numerous corrupt and high-ranking operatives of other Groups of Interest that oppose the organization. Below is a collection of a few of these events.

| Date | Location | Event |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 29/12/2007 | Liverpool, United Kingdom | SCP-6772 was tracking a minor GoI-004 ("Church of the Broken God") operative within the city limits. Despite the entity previously obtaining a head it attached to itself, it still attracted suspicion due to the Revolutionary-era clothing it wore. The suspect noticed SCP-6772 and emitted laser beams from its augmented eyes at the entity, attracting the attention of civilians. Despite heavy damage to SCP-6772’s clothing, it was able to successfully eliminate its target via decapitation. It then attached the augmented head to its body and entered a local clothing shop, Since then, SCP-6772 adopted its current uniform. |
| 03/05/2008 | Örebro, Sweden | SCP-6772 lured a hostile Global Occult Coalition Strike Team into a trap under the false pretense of a civilian witnessing an anomalous entity in the sewers. The formation entered the location and was ambushed by SCP-6772, who decapitated six operatives in quick succession before the rest of the operatives opened fire. Eventually, the entity used the task force's own weapons to eliminate and decapitate the rest of them. When a Foundation asset arrived at the site of the event an hour later, it found the headless bodies of the agents. Noteworthy was also the lack of the weaponry they carried next to them. |
| 19/07/2010 | Oaxaca, Mexico | The Foundation was alerted to SCP-6772's presence near the outskirts of the city, resulting in the deployment of Pi-1. While the MTF was unable to locate the entity, they did discover an invisible, putrid-smelling object on the side of the road. It was later identified to be revealed to be a pile of [SCP-966](SCP-966) instances. The exact meaning of this, paired with the fact SCP-6772 did not execute any human individuals on-site this time, remains unknown. |
| 27/04/2012 | Pierre, USA | SCP-6772 was disguised as a normal biker and interacted socially with the nearby patrons without hostility. A GOC Strike Team entered the bar and attempted to terminate SCP-6772, guided there by an established Foundation-GOC information transfer regarding the entity in hopes of catching it. SCP-6772 killed two operatives, then fled the bar on a motorcycle, narrowly evading the remaining soldiers. Despite its escape, SCP-6772's vocal cords were irreparably harmed during the attack. As a result, the entity became mute and has used the heads it has collected to convey vocal communication. |
Following the 27/04/2012 event taking place, SCP-6772 unexpectedly stopped its appearances within civilian areas, only to suddenly once again start appearing within areas exempted from the Veil policy, such as [Nexuses and Free Ports](locations-of-interest), just a year later.

SCP-6772's first "new" attack began on 10/03/2014, during which it killed a series of corrupt [Three Portlands](three-portlands-hub) city council bureaucrats, later executing similar operations within Backdoor SoHo and [the Chūgoku Cellar](making-a-scene). However, when it unsuccessfully attempted to do so within Eurtec, a GOC-controlled Free Port, on 24/04/2014, the GOC began a mass lockdown of all further Free Ports to avoid further similar operations from occurring. It was able to do this with all locations except Esterberg due to its total lack of oversight by any major Groups of Interest, including the Foundation and the GOC, as dictated by the 1989/Neverland mandate..A mandate dictating GoI/Esterberg relations, established following the [destruction of 1/5th of the city on 01/05/1985 by Foundation actions](SCP-5373).  Due to this, SCP-6772 was able to enter the city, later seen immediately seeking refugee in its Sewer District, evading both Foundation forces and Esterberg police patrols’

---

**Addendum 6772-1:** SCP-6772 Actions Within Esterberg

Despite tight cooperation with the Esterbergian police and the GOC, for more than two months, SCP-6772 remained at large. During this time, an official arrest warrant for the anomaly was sent into all anomalous societies of Free Ports and Nexuses by a joint operation between the Foundation, the Unusual Incidents Unit, [JAGPATO](groups-of-interest-jp#jagpato), the British Occult Service, the GOC, and many others. However, neither this nor the active raising of awareness of the entity's de-facto status of a terrorist within the areas seemed to help -- SCP-6772 had disappeared without a single trace.

The situation changed drastically on 28/06/2014, during which SCP-6772 somehow gained entrance into the Esterbergian parliament in an attempt to assassinate Cad'hla Nessa..A member of the Council of Three, an internal Esterbergian goverment body comprised of one Fae, one human, and one Child of the Night, chosen from the city council (which is democratically chosen by all citizens) once every four years in a democratic vote among the council, acting as a position similar to that of prime minister and president to the city. Full of corruption, nepotism, and fraud for practically as long as it had existed. Whilst the operation failed due to the myriad protection spells protecting the bureaucrat, it acted as the tipping point, resulting in the rest of the previously-passive city council agreeing to dedicate almost all available resources to catch SCP-6772. Despite this, the following day, Nessa's home within the Ruling District was found to be vandalized by graffiti claiming support for the Miracle Liberation Front. The perpetrators, whether connected to SCP-6772, remain unknown.

Throughout the following week, SCP-6772 was spotted within numerous parts of the city, visiting seemingly random civilians in different buildings and establishments. Although its exact goal in doing so was, at the time, unknown, through the usage of invigilation technology the Foundation was able to obtain one recording of such an event. It is available below.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6772/Esterberg/Port District </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[Footage takes place within the interior of the "Sordida Balena" (Dirty Whale), a pub located near the edge of waters of Lake Arlande. The pub is nearly empty, only several patrons and the bartender are present. **##purple| VALOR##**. Thaumaturgic corruption present, unable to identify targets.  enters the pub, looks around and spots **##orange| PULSE##** and **##green| INSIDE##** sitting at one of the tables. They gesture **##purple| VALOR##** to sit down.]*

> 

> **##orange| PULSE:##** [Whisper] Jesus **##purple| VALOR##**, what took you so long? You were supposed to be here an hour ago.

> 

> **##purple| VALOR:##** [Whisper] Sorry. Tried to get back here as fast as I could but I kept getting checked on my way here. They aren't letting up. Never seen the council get this flustered before. Not even during Neverland back in '85.

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:##** [Whisper] Of course not! It's the first time they had their positions truly threatened in a long time. Still amazes how one guy managed to spawn all of this ruckus.

> 

> **##purple| VALOR:##** [Whisper] I heard he's the headless horseman. Like... *the* headless horseman... you know, like the one of the human stories? I think I heard about it in the Library.

> 

> **##orange| PULSE:##** [Whisper] They have human stories there? Mistake.

> 

> **##purple| VALOR:##** [Whisper] Surprised you're not interested in them. Thought Diasporian research would extend to their culture.

> 

> **##orange| PULSE:##** [Whisper] They're boring, and mostly made up. No mention of Mab, Inventor, [Phomet](scp-7600), or even Adam. [Scoffs] Even the sasquatch ones are--

> 

> **##purple| VALOR:##** [Barely whisper, visibly angered] **##orange| PULSE##**, for the last time, we're the Yeren, not sasquatch--

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:##** [Whisper] Can we please focus on what's important? Nessa was almost killed. Fucking Nessa! Can you believe it?!

> 

> **##orange| PULSE:##**  [Whisper] Heard she had her head almost chopped off by the horseman.

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:##** [Whisper] I know! Just another inch and Nessa would've been a dead man. Damn shame, I was looking forward--

> 

> **##purple| VALOR:##** [Whisper] **##green| INSIDE##**! You can't speak like that in public. You'll get us in trouble.

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:##** [Whisper, snarkily] You're telling me it's illegal to complain now?

> 

> **##purple| VALOR:##** [Whisper] I'm telling you parliament is going fucking ballistic! Last I heard they still think the headless man ain't working alone, and they're doing to best to find his conspirators! And, what's even worse, so do the skippers and gocs. I don't know if--

> 

> *[**##orange| PULSE##** turns to their right, peaking through the window onto the streets. There, they suddenly notice a member of the Esterbergian police approaching. Panicked, they turn back to their companions.]*

> 

> **##orange| PULSE:##** [Whisper] Guys! Guys! Cop! Cop!

>

> *[**##orange| PULSE##** gestures their head to the left. A reptilian humanoid in an Esterbergian police uniform enters the establishment, eyeing the entire main room. The policeman suddenly locks on the trio, starting to walk towards them.]*

> 

> **##orange| PULSE:##** [Whisper] Shit! What do we do, make a run for it?

> 

>  **##purple| VALOR:##** That'll make things worse! Let's just wait, perhaps h-he just wants to talk?

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:##** I... something tells me he's not--

> 

> **Male Voice:** I have to agree with you, dear stranger. I think our boy in blue won't find anything here.

> 

> *[The voice is coming from behind a pillar next to the table. A pair of legs is seated on a table before they touch the ground. All entities turn to the direction of the voice.]*

> 

> **Male Voice:** But hey, I'm not here to judge. He could've had a rough day. I'm just here to get stuff done, but I'm not against having fun doing it. I guess what I'm trying to say...

> 

> *[SCP-6772 moves into the open. It is adorning a human head with robotic eyes.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** ...is that it's not worth losing your head over it.

> 

> *[The policeman frantically pulls out his weapon. SCP-6772's eyes produce a laser that burns his hand, forcing him to drop it as a shriek of pain ripples through the room. SCP-6772-A flies out of its grasp and hovers nears his neck. SCP-6772-A is glowing in intensity.]*

> 

> **##orange| PULSE:##** Jesus!

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:##** It's... it's *him*...

> 

> **SCP-6772:** But you do as much so as spit in my direction I'll be happy to take yours off.

> 

> *[SCP-6772 turns to the rest of the hall, making it very clear it owns a gun.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Everyone stay put! You three stay where you are. Barkeep! Stand right there with officer friendly. Do not make me repeat myself.

> 

> *[The bartender quickly moves to the policeman, visibly frightened. The policeman growls but remains silent as SCP-6772-A gets closer to his neck. All entities except SCP-6772 become still. SCP-6772 pulls two vials from its pocket and tosses them to the bartender and the policeman.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Drink that. It ain't poison, just something to help you nap. Chug it down and we won't have any issues. Be glad I'm not a walking scum like you.

> 

> *[The bartender swallows hard but quickly drinks the vial. The policeman narrows his eyes; SCP-6772-A gets even closer. The policeman eyes the attacker and then the flask, repeating this a couple times. Eventually, he slowly drinks his vial, never breaking eye contact with the entity. Both men soon fall unconscious. SCP-6772 grabs onto SCP-6772-A and locks the entrance, closing the blinds and turning around the welcome sign.]*

> 

> *[SCP-6772 turns around to the group and slowly approaches the table. **##orange| PULSE##** and **##purple| VALOR##** are shaking. **##green| INSIDE##** becomes still, slowly breathing. SCP-6772 sits down at the table, remaining silent for several seconds.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I'm not going to kill you, idiots. I just want to have a little talk with you all, believe it or not.

> 

> **##purple| VALOR:##** ...That's not what the media said.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** *And you believe them?*

> 

> **##purple| VALOR:##** I... *[Shakes their head]* You want to talk with us?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I talk to interesting people. And you're interesting people. Must I explain more?

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:##** Well, it might make this conversation... *more interesting.* Have you been stalking us? You know about us?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I prefer the term scouting, and I only know the surface details. Unless you're a scumbag, I'm not going to be nosy about it.

> 

> **##orange| PULSE:##** To be honest, I don't even know what to think right now. What are you even here for? Killing politicians for fun?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** ...Want to hear a story?

> 

> **##orange| PULSE:##** *[Sigh]* Do we even get a choice?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I'll make it very interesting, you have my word.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** You people mentioned a story. My story. And that story is true... for the most part. My original story had three chapters: get a wife, kill the Americans, and retire with glory. It would've ended that way if I spotted the cannonball a bit earlier. I still feel phantom headaches to this day.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I lost the war, my life and a dear friend. But when all is said and done, I wouldn't have it any other way. When I came to face death, my other dear friend pulled me out of the rut and showed me the ropes. I made something out of *after-life*, and I found a new war to fight in. And my story has yet to end.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I *somehow* fell in love with the country I once hated -- death and insanity gave me a new perspective on things, so to speak. Of course, it's not the same now. In fact, the world is quite different than I remember: too controlling, too depressing, too... *boring*. Then I realized why the colonists hated the empire in the first place. They didn't hate the king... they hated *control*. Or, rather, the people that seek it through power. And guess who has the power?

> 

> **##purple| VALOR:##** ...So you want us to join the Liberation Front to kill the Veil people?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** We're not terrorists, Mr. **##purple| VALOR##**. They'll say otherwise, but they'll say anything to maintain their status. We just want to be left alone, but they won't be so kind. You know why? Because they can't stand what they don't control, despite [what they tell you](from-120-s-archives-hub). You think they're going to leave this place alone forever, like they promise us over and over. *[Chuckles]* They're just trying to find an angle on this place. Always had, aways will. And not just this place, but all the rest.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** These... *'Veil People'* ~~ they're like a snake. Cold-blooded, getting bigger and bigger until they break their cage once it proves not enough for the likes of them. What are you going to do if it decides you were more akin to a snack than a person? Say no? Fight them when they're the size of a giant? *[Shakes its head]* No. They're not a giant ~~ not yet -- but they'll become one soon if we won't stop them. The head of the snake must be cut off before it's too late.

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:**## ... And there's a lot of snakes out there.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I only need one sword. You don't have to join us, I'm just asking for your help is all.

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:**## You want our help?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I'm not ready to clear the scumbags quite yet; a few pieces still need to fall into place. But in the meantime... we need to spread the word. About what exactly? Well...

> 

> *[SCP-6772 places a folder on the table and slides it forwards. **##green| INSIDE##** picks it up and scans through it.]*

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:##** What... what is this?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Parliament's dirty laundry. Esterberg must know why we're cleaning up in the first place. We can't go to the media because they're bought out. But the people are a different story. And if they were to learn this story... I think we'll all come to a better understanding of why we are here. You don't even have to get your hands dirty, just spread the word. That's all we ask for.

> 

> **##orange| PULSE:##** ...

> 

> **##purple| VALOR:##** ...

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Well?

> 

> **##green| INSIDE:##** ...When do we start?

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

For two following weeks, SCP-6772 would be seen around Esterberg initiating similar conversations. Despite the overwhelming support from the city council and outside forces, the Foundation was entirely unable to both stop them from occurring and apprehend the individuals present during them. Each time, both SCP-6772 and its newfound supporters seemingly disappeared without a trace.

[[include <a href="/component:image-block">component:image-block</a> name=esterberg2.jpg| caption=A part of Esterberg's Market District, Director Magdaleine Cornwell and [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6172 Junior Researcher Robert Madden] visible in the distance. Photo taken in 2017, following the latter's [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/fresh-blood employment].|width=300px]]

As this was accompanied by continued leaking of dirty council secrets and vandalism of its members' houses, the general unrest within Esterberg has increased exponentially. However, the situation achieved a never-before-seen record when Foundation agents focused on monitoring GoI-120 ("Triumviraté"). Fae for "we will prevail;" a large-scale organized Fae terrorist group, focused on reclaiming its supposed territory back from humanity, overthrowing the current system, and wishing to resurrect PoI-001-C ("Queen Mab"), operating primarily from and within Esterberg. reported the group suddenly gaining significant interest in the operations of the MLF it was previously entirely ignoring.

The following week, Foundation intelligence moles alerted that one of the main military leaders of Triumviraté, Fionn Aod'han, a terrorist and thaumaturge long-sought-after by the Foundation, had suddenly initiated contact with the MLF in an attempt to meet and talk over potential further plans the organizations could form together. SCP-6772, now acting as the leader of GoI-008 within Esterberg, agreed to meet personally with the second individual.

Despite best efforts and the usage of Foundation oracles, the place of the meeting was unable to be located in time. However, following assembly seemingly finishing, via the usage of a GOC half-omniscience bearing reality bender, a mental recording of the event was obtained. Despite the numerous errors present in it due to thaumaturgic protection spells covering the area, it is available below.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6772/Esterberg/Aod'han </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[SCP-6772 is sitting at a table. The entity is adorning a large rabbit's head as it reaches into a large duffle bag. SCP-6772 is pulling out a variety of heads one at a time before putting them back in the bag, shaking its own head.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** [Sigh] Dammit. I-- *[A knock can be heard]* Come in!

> 

> *[The door opens to reveal a twenty-leg humanoid entity.Further referred to as Numbers. with numbers visible on its skin.]*

> 

> **Numbers:** Bad time?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Depends. *[Pause]* Did you do the thing I asked?

> 

> **Numbers:** I managed to give one of the newspapers the number to Spike..Who this refers to remains unknown.  I think we're nearing our window.

> 

> *[SCP-6772 claps.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Good. Good! After we're done, I think you'll have earned a reward.

> 

> **Numbers:** Really? You mean I'll get to use *it*?!

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Yes, but not now. *[Pause]* Is that all?

> 

> **Numbers:** Not at all! Guess who's here.

> 

> *[Numbers steps to the side to reveal, Aod'han, a Fae with cobra-like scales riddling his body, presumably from unmitigated thaumaturgic backlash. He gazes at SCP-6772 with a momentarily disgust before quickly switching to an exaggerated smile upon noticing the entity seeing him.]*

> 

> **Aod'han:** You're the Front representative, correct?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I do indeed run the show here, if that's what you mean.

> 

> *[Aod'han grins.]*

> 

> **Aod'han:** Excellent. It's high time we get this started.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I agree. *[SCP-6772 turns to Numbers]* Run along, Io. I have things covered from here. Just make sure those scumbags don't try to tear down the story.

> 

> *[Numbers nods, exiting slowly shortly after. Aod'han closes the door and sits down across from SCP-6772, crossing his legs]*

> 

> **Aod'han:** So, how--

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Can you hold that thought for a moment? You caught me in the middle of something.

> 

> **Aod'han:** I... sure?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Thanks.

> 

> *[SCP-6772 pulls the bag to the floor and detaches its head. The entity inserts the head into the bag and shuffles around inside. Aod'han rolls his eyes with slight disgust but resumes his previous expression when SCP-6772 turns back to him. SCP-6772 is now wearing the head of a bald, purple entity with yellow eyes. SCP-6772 clears his throat.]*

> 

> **Aod'han:** I can see you have... quite the collection down there.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Well, you have to learn to dress to impress. *[Expanding his arms]* So, Aod'han, the finest general of Triumviraté. Nice to see you here. I've heard a lot about you.

> 

> **Aod'han:** Can't say the same. You're a difficult man to find, you know? Couldn't you've made the instructions simpler?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** And make parliament and their cohort's jobs easier?

> 

> **Aod'han:** *[Sigh]* Touché.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** So... *[SCP-6772 pulls out a letter and scans it before sliding it to Aod'han.]* Triumviraté is interested in our endeavors? That's quite unprecedented. If you don't mind me asking: why?

> 

> **Aod'han:** I have... a certain deal I think you'll want to not refuse.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** *[Looking directly in Aod'han's eyes]* I get that a lot from the Market District.

> 

> **Aod'han:** We are not used car salesmen, Mr. Becker. The main difference between them and me is that my deals are *useful*. I believe if you not heed our assistance, you and the rest of the Front will be pulled down under by the skippers and their scum.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** ...Go on.

> 

> **Aod'han:** I've seen your work. You accomplished quite a lot, but you still need a professional to keep you afloat. And I'm quite the expert when it comes to this business, you know?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** *[Sigh]* Are you trying to convince me to work with you, or break your jaw? You're giving me mixed signals here.

> 

> **Aod'han:** Let. Me. Finish! *[Pause]* Now, while I feel like you still need improvements... you did done good. I followed your history: the folk tale, your exploits in and out the Veil, and your glorious arrival here in Esterberg. I imagine this place is important to the Front, no?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Let's just say they'll be rather disappointed if we don't make some leeway soon. The people need something to fight against.

> 

> **Aod'han:** Exactly my point. You surprised me. Not a whole lot... but just enough to make yourself interesting to me. I can't think of the last time someone managed to get through parliament and live. And now you're practically shouting their dirty little secrets from the rooftops? Money laundry, spying, breaking their oaths? You're the first man to break their narrative in ages. I respect that.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** *[Shrug]* Just had to remove the possibility of them becoming martyrs. It's not enough to get the ball rolling though, not yet. But that'll change very soon. Once the people get a whiff of the real truth behind what their rulers support...

> 

> *[SCP-6772 smiles.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Heads will roll.

> 

> **Aod'han:** The parliament's a big group. You really think you'll get them all?

> 

> *[SCP-6772's smile widens. Aod'han tries to calm it with his hands.]*

> 

> **Aod'han:** Jeez, relax, your crazy is showing. All I'm saying is it's a good plan and all, except for one little problem.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Which is?

> 

> **Aod'han:** You're not from this city. There are certain things you must know and keep track of if you want to get ahead of the situation. Trust me, if you were in my shoes, you would've been shafted six feet under already. Not to mention you're not going to make an impact you think you're going to have unless you can get through those defenses, which they have quite a lot. Thaumaturgy is a big deal 'round these parts, and I don't think your sword's not gonna cut it, pun-unintended. That's where we come in.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Let me guess? Counterspells?

> 

> **Aod'han:** Even better.

> 

> *[Aod'han places an irrilite.A thaumaturgy-conducting metal, entirely excavated from the Earth by the Fae Empire during its peak. Extremely valuable and powerful. dagger on the table. SCP-6772 leans closer.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Is that... irrilite?

> 

> **Aod'han:** Of the highest quality. Show us those barriers, let us close to them, and we'll tear them like paper.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Just... why are your people so interested in working with us all of a sudden?

> 

> **Aod'han:** *[Shrug]* We have a lot in  common. You want freedom back from the Veil, we want our land back from the humans.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Land? They stole *land* from you?

> 

> **Aod'han:** You never heard the stories of the Diasporas? *[Raises an eyebrow and scoffs]* They'll steal from anybody if have the excuse. They and the Yeren tore our Empire down millennia ago, and then [nearly wiped from the map ages later](ralliston-s-proposal), just because they didn't like the natural order of things. If let unchecked--

> 

> **SCP-6772:** It'll be too late. And you want to join forces to prevent such a thing from occurring for a third time, right?

> 

> **Aod'han:** Exactly. *[Pause]* So, what do you say, Becker? Ready to fight the good fight?

> 

> **SCP-6772:**  I still have to get things set up. How about we clean up parliament first, and then think this over once again when we don't have to run for our lives?

> 

> **Aod'han:** Right.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** So we're on the same page. *[Looks at Aod'han's skin]* The snakes will finally lose one of their heads at last.

> 

> *[Aod'han frowns.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** *I'm* not going to cut your head off if that's what you're thinking. It's a figure of speech.

> 

> **Aod'han:** *[Rolls his eyes]* Whatever. How about we shake on it?

> 

> *[SCP-6772 extends its hand, eventually shaken by Aod'han. Upon coming into contact with the tips of its fingers, he blinks twice, backing his hand off as a shiver ripples through his spine.*

> 

> *[Aod'han is slowly breathing now, gazing at SCP-6772. He gulps before clearing his throat. SCP-6772 seems to ignore this, still maintaining the offer.]*

> 

>  **SCP-6772:** So, you ready to make history?

> 

> *[Aod'han is visibly stunned but quickly regains his composure, shaking SCP-6772's hand moments later. Despite this, he is clenching his left hand underneath the table. As his fingernails draw blood from his palm, the recording suddenly ends, making the camera overwhelmed by corruption.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

As the above conversation showed Triumviraté and MLF have now effectively become operation partners, an Esterberg-wide red alert was initiated. Official Foundation information campaigns calling all willing informants to give in any information regarding the coalition and SCP-6772 to local authorities and all citizens to prepare for the potential need to defend their houses have been released city-wide. To fully assess the situation and decide on an appropriate answer regarding the potential danger it posed, a GOC/Esterberg parliament/Esterberg police/Foundation summit was initiated shortly after.

Following hours of heated debate, it was decided that for the following month, all entry end exits out of the city would become forbidden, with all borders back into baseline reality being patrolled by the troops of the alliance, which would additionally oversee border trade to not collapse the city's economy during the alert state. Additionally, to protect government officials from potential terrorist attacks, an official curfew would be enforced from 22.00 to 6.00. The following day, these regulations were officially made a reality.

However, despite all of this and highly increased police patrols throughout the city, the attacks did not stop -- they instead intensified, focusing more and more on important city council members. However, the situation reached an all-time high when an anonymous source contacted the Foundation claiming the Triumviraté/MLF coalition planned to directly attack the parliament, claiming the entirety of the council as their hostages somewhen in the next three days. Although this claim could not be confirmed, to ensure civilian safety, a special Joint Task Force, codenamed Alpha-15 ("Seal Team 7") was established and stationed within the city council building.

On 13/09/2014 at 10:23, Site-120 received an emergency ping from Alpha-15, informing it the raid has begun as foretold. Below attached is a log of its events.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6772/Esterberg/Ruling District </summary>

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

 

*[Alpha-15 is stationed on the rooftops of the parliament building, attempting to defend against the incoming attack. Whilst Captain Cornwell. Jeremy Cornwell, Site-120's Defence captain and leader of most of its MTF units in-field. is surveying the streets, Willson is communicating with command.]*

**Willson:** Nothing here. And out there?

**Captain Cornwell:** Streets are nearly empty, curfew is doing its job.

**Amber:** *[Sigh]* But somehow we still haven't made much progress. The Front? Triumviraté? It's a match made in hell. Since when did those forest fuckers start getting so crafty?

**Terry:** Dunno, but they definitely know what they're doing. The riots are becoming too much, and the mess from the other districts is gonna bleed into here eventually. I mean, fuck, if this is what it takes to make those politician swine shiver with fear of decapitation--

**Leo:** By 6772 or Esterberg?

**Terry:** Does it really matters at this point?

 

**Captain Cornwell:** *Yes*. That headless bastard singlehandedly reduced our influence here in just *months*. And now I'm hearing talks, murmurs going around that a good chunk of the city wants us gone. We don't clean up this mess soon, we may not recover from thi-- *Wait.* I think I found something.

 

*[As Cornwell looks at the alleyway below, Numbers can be seen moving through the streets, scanning its immediate surroundings. The captain points towards the entity.]*

**Captain Cornwell:** It was there at the meeting.

**Terry:** Should we take it down? I have a clean shot.

**Captain Cornwell:** It's our lead. We better follow it. We'll improvise from there.

*[Alpha-15 follows Numbers to the rooftops and notifies nearby MTF operatives. Numbers enters the backdoor of a massive opera house.. The property was highly favorited by the elites of Esterberg. Following the actions damage to the city's infrastructure done by the MLF, the building has become cordoned off from the residents.  Captain Cornwell readies the zipline and fires it at the top of the building. It connects, and the rest of the team rides it to the other roof. Cornwell looks down and sees additional operatives making their way to the building on foot. The team enters through the roof hatch.]*

*[Alpha-15 uses a rope to land on the top floor of the opera house. The building, unlike a majority of the Ruling District, still maintains standard electrical operation. On the stage and first floor, a massive gathering of MLF and Triumviraté operatives can be seen. They are conversing with one another, inspecting their weapons. Aod'han and SCP-6772 are leaning over a bench in the center, with the latter adorning the head of a rabbit. SCP-6772 points to a blueprint]*

**SCP-6772:** ~~we're going to be stationed here, here, and here. If the snakes try to flee, we'll pop out, take them out, and pop back in again. We might not even need that. With this baby ~~ *[SCP-6772 taps its head.]* -- I can beam them all and call it a day. And that's just Plan A.

**Aod'han:** *[Eyes the notes]* You... managed to get a hold of parliament's plans? How in Mab's...?

**SCP-6772:** Let's just say the snakes bite both the low *and* the high. If everything just goes according to plan, we'll win big. But let's not get our spirits too high yet... Speaking of which... Hey, Io! Bring the shots.

*[Through one of the open windows, Willson aims his sniper rifle at Aod'han.]*

**Willson:** I can blow the guy's brains out from here. It's a clean shot.

**Captain Cornwell:** We have to wait for the rest of us to get in position. It's riddled with million spells and totems protecting those fuckheads. To attack now would be suicide.

 

*[Numbers approaches SCP-6772 with a tray of two shot glasses and a bottle of whiskey. Numbers rests it on the table]*

**Numbers:** Here you go, Beck. Got the special stuff like you asked.

**SCP-6772:** Good. *[Leans in closer]* I think it's almost time for your reward. Keep an eye on things until then, hm?

*[Numbers nods and walks away. Aod'han is visibly amused, although slightly disgusted at the sight of the esoteric being.]*

**Aod'han:** You'd hire anyone, wouldn't you?

**SCP-6772:** The Front is not uptight. As long as you're not an asshole and do your work you'll do just fine. *[Shrug]* But, well, you want to make it official?

**Aod'han:** Hm? You want to make the partnership official *before* the mission?

**SCP-6772:** It's a dangerous world out there, Han, especially in this line of work. So why not make it count? *[SCP-6772 pours the contents of the bottle into the glasses. Aod'han frowns.]*

**Aod'han:** While getting drunk before the mission of the century?

**SCP-6772:** Get the stick out of your ass, pointy ears. It's only a shot. This is a special occasion, so I'm taking a swing from my special stash. *[Pause]* Just a sip, c'mon. You never know when it'll be your *last.*

*[Aod'han looks at the other glass in contemplation before slowly nodding and drinking it. SCP-6772 turns away from Aod'han, a brief smile appears on its face before the entity regains its composure.]*

**Amber:** The rest are in position now. Ready to give the entry order at your command.

**Captain Cornwell:** *[Turns to Wison]* Now's your time to shine. All forces, on my order--

*[SCP-6772 cleans SCP-6772-A with a nearby rag and suddenly stops, presumingly spotting the team through the reflection of its weapon as Wilson fires his weapon. SCP-6772 turns and shouts, causing Wilson to panic and instead shoot it in the head. Aod'han stumbles back and curses, pulling out his dagger.]*

*[All the entities are alerted to Alpha-15's presence, with visible anger reverberating through the building. On the lower floors, additional task force members burst through the doors in quick succession. A fire fight ensues between MLF and Alpha-15. Aod'han flips over a table and points his dagger at Alpha-15, firing a black flame from his fingertips, enhanced by his other hand touching the weapon. Captain Cornwell and his team fire their weapons.]*

**Captain Cornwell:** What part of "on my order" did you not understand?!

**Willson:** It saw me, Jer! What was I supposed to do?! I-- it's not dead?!

*[Aod'han continues firing as his eyes turn red. Operatives on Alpha-15, Triumviraté, and the Liberation Front begin to perish as the fight continues.]*

*[Aod'han looks behind him and sees SCP-6772 crouching up from the floor. Half of the entity's skull had been obliterated. SCP-6772 hastily pulls a duffle bag from under the table.]*

**Aod'han:** *Wha..?!*

**SCP-6772:** People need heads, I don't! How many of them up top?

**Aod'han:** Erm... *[Looks out]* Five!

 

**SCP-6772:** *[Smiles]* Let's make that zero, shall we?

*[SCP-6772 detaches its head and applies a new one on itself, resembling the head of a female statue. SCP-6772 rips the tabletop off a nearby table and unholsters what appears to be a modified shotgun. The entity dashes from its cover and rushes to the left wall, blocking bullets and slaying a task force operative in the process.]*

*[SCP-6772 thrusts SCP-6772-A into the wall. SCP-6772-A goes red and it slices and pulls SCP-6772 upwards to the top floor. Aod'han looks in amazement. Numbers grabs several of the operatives' guns, its hands and weapons duplicate themselves on its body. Captain Cornwell is reloading.]*

**Leo:** What the fuck is this?!

**Captain Cornwell:** Keep shooting at the snake! *[Pause, looks around]* Where the hell is the skip?!

**Willson:** *[Continuoing to shoot, terminating numerous Front operatives in the distance with his sniper rifle]* I don't know! I lost it. I-- *aghgh*!

*[SCP-6772 pulls itself onto the railing and grabs onto Willson's neck. SCP-6772 scowls.]*

 **SCP-6772:** Peekaboo.

*[Willson screams as SCP-6772 pulls him off the balcony. Willson falls to the floor near Numbers, breaking both of his legs. Willson screams cut short when Numbers, out of panic begins shooting him incessantly. The bullet holes damage Willson's body so much it becomes unrecognizable. SCP-6772 quickly leaps onto the top floor.]*

*[Amber points her gun at SCP-6772, to which the entity responds by punching her and breaking her nose. Captain Cornwell's team fires at SCP-6772. SCP-6772-A flies from the entity's grasp and hovers in front of it in a vertical position. SCP-6772-A spins in a clockwise motion at fast speed, blocking a majority of the bullets. SCP-6772-A only slows down when SCP-6772 readies its shotgun and fires at the operatives.]*

*[Winged entities begin flying high into the air and projectile bolts of yellow energy at Captain Cornwell's team, distracted by eliminating other Front operatives. SCP-6772's shotgun runs out of ammo. Seconds later, the entity curses and holsters the weapon. The eyes of the statue produce intense bright luminescence, temporarily blinding a part of the team. The rest continues to fire, killing off a significant part of the anomalies behind SCP-6772.]*

*[Amber, still in immense pain, gets up and tries to slash at the entity with a knife. The weapon chips off SCP-6772's nose. The being recoils in pain before becoming visibly enraged. It grasps Amber's shoulders and presses her against the wall. Amber whimpers in pain as SCP-6772 presses its nose against her. SCP-6772's eyes glow.]*

**SCP-6772:** Should've gone for the gun.

*[Amber screams as SCP-6772 leans back and headbutts Amber's forehead. Amber's head explodes on contact: blood, bone, and brain tissue covers the wall and drips from the neck. The blood and viscera are pulled into the statue's eyes and become absorbed. Its nose heals in seconds.]*

**Captain Cornwell:** Amber!

*[Captain Cornwell aims his gun, to which SCP-6772 responds by throwing Amber's body at Alpha-15. SCP-6772 looks down from the balcony and then eyes the giant chandelier hanging from the ceiling, whose chain connects to a winch by SCP-6772. SCP-6772 recalls SCP-6772-A and uses it to slice the winch. The horseman grabs onto the chain, being pulled up as the chandelier falls down, crashing into the stage and creating a massive hole in the floor.]*

*[SCP-6772 slides down the chain, landing near the hole. Aod'han is visibly shocked as SCP-6772 grabs its duffle bag.]*

**SCP-6772:** Listen! Retreat! *Down here*! Retreat!

*[All entities begin to retreat into the hole. Soon, the entity of the opera house is in shambles. There are causalities everywhere, with most of them being Alpha-15 and Triumviraté members -- the latter group is decimated, with very few members remaining. The rest of Alpha 15 begins to descend down the hole as well. Captain Cornwell eyes Amber's and Willson's bodies in shock. He then visibly shakes, and he grips his firearm tightly and rushes down the hole.]*

---

*{{[EXTRATENIOUS DATA REMOVED FOR BREVITY]}}*

---

*[Captain Cornwell, his team, and the rest of Alpha-15 sprint through what appears to be a sewer tunnel. Captain Cornwell is heading the charge. They are wearing night-vision goggles.]*

**Leo:** *[Panting]* How... much... longer... will--

**Captain Cornwell:** Leo! Focus! If we lose them now, all of this was for nothing.

**Terry:** How are we gonna take them out?! It's a fucking slaughter~~ I mean, it's hard to know what's what! We need to head back, this is too much for~~

**Captain Cornwell:** We are not falling back, you idiot! If we lose this, we lose big! So--

 *[The lights in the tunnels suddenly turn on. Alpha-15 and the camera feed are blinded before it turns back to normal. Triumviraté and the Liberation Front have surrounded them and all parties engage in combat. Details of the battle are hard to distinguish due to the shaky motions of the team's camera and bright lighting.]*

**Terry:** God! Fall~~ Fall back~~

*[Aod'han rushes behind Terry and slices his throat. Terry gurgles as he falls to his feet and crumbles to the floor, but is able to damage Aod'han's hand before he expires.]*

**Leo:** Oh! No, no no no no no no--

*[SCP-6772 appears in front of Leo, wearing the head with modified eyeballs. Leo panics and aims his pistol at the entity. SCP-6772 blocks the shots with its sword and fires a laser beam at Leo's groin. Leo cries in pain as he kneels to the floor. SCP-6772 grabs Leo's vest and throws him headfirst into the wall. The resulting impact snaps Leo's head all the way back to his shoulder blades. Captain Cornwell retaliates by shooting at the entity's chest. SCP-6772 doesn't finch as it ducks behind Captain Cornwell and slashes both of his heels. Captain Cornwell cries as he falls onto the floor.]*

*[Soon enough, most of Alpha-15 lay dead -- despite this, the remaining Front forces are very sparse. As Captain Cornwell tries to crawl away, SCP-6772 pins him to the floor, stomping on his back. SCP-6772-A hovers above his neck, close to his Adam's apple. Captain Cornwell can see SCP-6772 through a reflection in the puddle. SCP-6772 is adorning Leo's head and juggles Terry's between his hands. It appears unimpressed.]*

**SCP-6772:** I think you already lost.

**Captain Cornwell:** ...

**SCP-6772:** *[Pause]* So, here's the deal... since you clearly have balls of steel, I'll give you the final chance. You're a high-ranking captain I hear, and I want the information you have inside your noggin. How about you come with us and we can chat about those juicy secrets of yours over a bottle of whisky, hm?

*[Much to SCP-6772's anger, Cornwell spits onto the horseman.]*

**Captain Cornwell:** Go to hell.

**SCP-6772:** Hell is already with me, *friend*. Is this *really* the hill you want to die on? I'm getting that information, one way or another.

*[Cornwell tries to repeat the gesture, but starts to spit out blood halfway through.]*

**SCP-6772:** Your loss.

*[SCP-6772 moves its foot to Captain Cornwell's shoulder blades and stomps, kicking him twenty times in succession. As he loses his consciousness, the entity scoffs, kicking his unmoving body into the sewer water below. Despite this, his camera still keeps registering footage, although in a slightly corrupted way. Numbers gives SCP-6772 its duffle bag and dumps the heads of Leo, Terry, and a few of the other team members inside. The entity then reattaches the purple head onto itself]*

*[Aod'han approaches the body of Cornwell and raises his knife with a slight grin entering his face.]*

**SCP-6772:** Don't.

**Aod'han:**  *[Turns back, visibly angry]* Why?

**SCP-6772:** He's the only one of them with actual honor, and I need to send a message. All of this won't be for anything if the skippers won't see what our value actually is, y'know?

**Aod'han:** *[Rolls eyes]* Yeah, *just wonderful*. At least you didn't advocate for the rest of them, Mr. Morals, or all of this would've been for nothing indeed. *[Aod'han points to the decapitated corpses behind them.]*

**SCP-6772:** Yes, I think we got everything covered. *[Pause]* Well, maybe just one more thing.

**Aod'han:** *[Sigh]* God, of course, and what would that be?

**SCP-6772:** You.

*[SCP-6772 snaps his fingers. As shock enters Aod'hans eyes, the MLF forces suddenly attack the remaining Triumviraté members. It's a slaughter, as only five of the Fae remain. Aod'han quickly shakes his head, and aims his knife at SCP-6772, starting to run into the entity. Numbers snaps all of its fingers, and the weapon falls out of his hands, landing in SCP-6772's grasp. Aod'han gasps.]*

**Aod'han:** I... *What?!*

**SCP-6772:** You know, that's a very pretty knife. I think I'll borrow it from you when this is all over. Would be a shame if so much irrilite went to waste.

*[Aod'han screams in anger. He draws forth another weapon ~~ this time made from standard steel ~~ from his shoe and attempts to stab SCP-6772. The entity grabs his wrist and bends it forward, until a shard of bone is exposed. Aod'han screams in miraculous pain as he falls over. SCP-6772 catches him and pulls him up by his shirt, pressing SCP-6772-A against his throat. Numbers picks up the knife.]*

**SCP-6772:** Should've taken more than a shot. Are they gone now?

**Numbers:** Most of them are. The others are chasing down the rest.

**SCP-6772:** Good. We're almost done, then.

*[As Aod'han lays on the floor, he looks at SCP-6772 in front of him with pure rage in his eyes, grabbing his wrist as nothing more than squeals of pain come out of his mouth.]*

**Aod'han:** B-B-Becker?! What the fuc.... fuck! Why?! You said we'll... m-make... histor--

 

**SCP-6772:** I did, I just left out some important details. Like throwing the Foundation a bone for once.

**Aod'han:** F-Fuck you! Traitor! You side with the snakes over us?!

**SCP-6772:** With anyone? Of course not. You and your ilk? And don't be so coy. You're as disgusting as the bastards in the Foundation. You exploit people to resurrect a genocidal maniac, for crying out loud. Fucking monarchists. *[Spits]*

**Aod'han:** Ludicrous! You... You're insane. You don't--

**SCP-6772:** You're thinking the little agents you planted on our side are gonna save your ass. Yeah... Heh. I already took care of them.

**Aod'han:** How'd... you... know?

*[SCP-6772 taps its head with SCP-6772-A.]*

**SCP-6772:** There's a reason why I wear these at meetings. You'll see all sorts of things, especially when you take from a telepath. And boy did you show me a thing or two about your Empire.

*[Aod'han attempts to remain silent, but is failing to do so as the pain in his arm makes him whimper.]*

**SCP-6772:** Worst part is you might've gotten away with it, too. You and your devils are good with words, I'll give you that. But then again, how else would you have made people believe you're some messiahs when you do even worse things than the parliament?

**Aod'han:** ...W-Were you ever even going to clean up council? *At all*?

**SCP-6772:** That was the plan, but plans change. The best wars ever fought are the ones where you don't even need to fire a single shot. Even if I hadn't caught on, hell would still freeze over before we would ever consider your murderers equals. I know *everything* about you, you little forest piece of shit. You and your little band of psychopaths should've crawled back into your ruined palaces and died the moment they murdered your queen all those millenia ago. You actually made me agree with the Foundation there. Do you know how insane that is?!

*[Aod'han is avoiding its gaze as his eyes shake with panic.]*

**SCP-6772:** How dare you make me side with them!

**Aod'han:** I'm-I'm sorry! I'm sorry!

**SCP-6772:** Yeah, I'm very sure you are. *[SCP-6772 presses SCP-6772-A firmly against Aod'han's throat. Aod'han screams as it glows red.]*

 

**Aod'han:** Please, god, no, please! I didn't mean to~~ I didn't know any be~~ I was following orders! Please! Please don't kill me, I'll do anything, I...

 

*[SCP-6772's scowl transforms in a soft smile. The entity hands SCP-6772-A to Numbers and places its hands on Aod'han's cheeks.]*

 

**SCP-6772:** Hey... Hey, it's alright, buddy. I'm not going to kill you.

 

**Aod'han:** You're-You're not?

 

**SCP-6772:** I keep my promises, and no matter what, I'm not gonna kill you. I'm not like you. You are however going to spill everything your little terrorist brigade has to offer. And I do mean everything... You do that and maybe ~~ just *maybe* ~~ I'll forgive you. Are we level-headed here?

 

**Aod'han:** I... Yeah. Yeah! Totally understand! Definitely! What do you want to know? Our numbers? Our bases? I know it all! Just tell me and I'll answer. I promise I won't disappo--

 

*[Numbers slices through Aod'han's neck with SCP-6772-A. Aod'han's body falls to the floor while SCP-6772 stands up, staring deep into his eyes. SCP-6772 places the purple head back in the dufflebag and attaches Aod'han's head to its neck. SCP-6772 contemplates in thought.]*

 

**SCP-6772:** Huh, I guess he actually wasn't lying. That's a nice surprise for once. *[Turns to Numbers*] How's your reward?

 

**Numbers:** That... was incredible! Is this how it feels like?

 

**SCP-6772:** There's a reason I stick with decapitations beyond just a brand name. Much cleaner and more badass than just shooting somebody.

 

**Numbers:** Oh man, I--

 

**SCP-6772:** *[Pause]* Okay, reward's over. Hand it over.

 

**Numbers:** Aw.

 

*[SCP-6772-A flies from Numbers' grasp and into SCP-6772's. SCP-6772 cleans its sword with a rag.]*

 

**SCP-6772:** Don't be such a downer. You'll get another reward soon enough. Thanks to my new intel, *[SCP-6772 taps its temple]* we still ain't done yet. There's still much, *much* work to be done.

 

**Numbers:** Got it. But, uh... It'll be a while until we reach the surface from here. They might still catch us.

 

**SCP-6772:** Not if I have anything to say about it.

 

*[SCP-6772 reaches into its pocket and pulls out a keychain. On the keychain is a motorcycle key, alongside the charm of an owl, a wolf howling, and the American flag. SCP-6772 presses a button on the keychain and a cloud of mist manifest behinds the entity.]*

  

*[The cloud soon dissipates, revealing a motorcycle projecting red luminescence from its headlights. The vehicle autonomously drives to SCP-6772, which climbs on it and revs up the engine.]*

 

**SCP-6772:** Get in. We have some names to cross out.

= **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Following the above event transpiring, all MLF forces suddenly demanifested from Esterberg alongside their equipment, including SCP-6772.

However, at the same time, all major press and news institutions within the Free Port have simultaneously released an identical article ignoring their standard release dates, concerning numerous illegal and immoral techniques and actions undertaken by the Esterbergian parliament and Triumviraté members. Below attached is the header from the biggest outlet within the city, *Esterberg Weekly*.

Within hours of the material meeting the eye of the public, mass protests and rallies started to spawn throughout the city, eventually making their way to the building of the parliament. Following two days of fights between civilians and authorities, the protesting masses eventually made their way into the structure, resulting in the overthrowing of the city council; however, despite this, the Council of Three was not greatly affected, with all of its members escaping the building with relative ease.

As a result of this, a majority of the members have been severely beaten up and their properties vandalized, leading them to resign from their positions of power. Just two days later however, the Council of Three assumed power once again, starting a currently ongoing city-wide election to fill in the empty parliament seats.

Once the Foundation was able to enter the city once again, the barely-alive body of Cptn. Cornwell was retrieved and immediately hospitalized back at Site-120, where he is currently ongoing treatment. Upon entry into the parliament building, Foundation agents reported that along the walls of the main hall, a message was spray-painted. Its author and their relation ~~ if any ~~ towards the MLF remain inconclusive. It is attached below in its entirety.

> 

> We might be finished here, but there is still much to be done, friends. Meet us [where three equates one](three-portlands-hub), and help us shake the world. I'm sure its citizens are just *dying* to get answers.

> 

The current whereabouts of SCP-6772, associated individuals, and MLF forces remain unknown. A worldwide hunt search for them, utilizing the PANOPTICON Global Surveillance System is ongoing. To ensure its success, a special Mobile Task Force codenamed MTF Beta-8 ("Mythbusters"), specializing in MLF-associated anomalies, formed from Alpha-15 survivors has been established.

Further SCP-6772 reclassifications are pending.

= **|| SCP-6772 || [SCP-7102](SCP-7102) >>**

---

<< [SCP-6771](SCP-6771) | SCP-6772 | [SCP-6773](SCP-6773) >>

=====

> **Name:** Headless_Horseman.jpg

> **Author:** John Quidor

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:John_Quidor_-_The_Headless_Horseman_Pursuing_Ichabod_Crane_-_Google_Art_Project.jpg)

> **Name:** house.jpg

> **Author:** [International Disaster Volunteers](https://www.flickr.com/photos/34276038@N07)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [link](https://search.openverse.engineering/image/2440f534-2fc2-4b40-8e3a-e5037cd9cb8a)

> **Name:** parliment.jpg

> **Author:** fred van assendelft

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** [link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Binnenhof_met_Hofvijver_en_torentje_(Den_Haag)_-_panoramio.jpg)

> **Name:** esterberg2.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** N/A

> **Name:** stairs.png

> **Author:** N/A

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [link](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1107126)

> **Name:** sewers.jpg

> **Author:** [Gilda](https://www.flickr.com/photos/79823494@N00)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [link](https://wordpress.org/openverse/image/b342fa6e-9329-4cc5-b380-5bca0203d941/)

> **Name:** newspaper.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** N/A

=====
