**Item #:** SCP-6083

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** All direct contact with SCP-6083 is handled by and at the discretion of its current handler, Senior Researcher Jones. SCP-6083 is currently held in a modified humanoid containment chamber fitted with several amenities at the request of Senior Researcher Jones. 

In the event that Senior Researcher Jones dies or is otherwise rendered incapable of performing her role in the containment of SCP-6083, a replacement researcher is to be assigned.

**Description:** SCP-6083 is a nine year old human child, James Brown, born on 01/11/2016. Its body is heavily scarred, most noticeably around the face and its left eye, which has been fully blinded due to a slashing wound. SCP-6083 demonstrates abnormally high emotional intelligence and is able to accurately read the emotions of those in its direct proximity when those emotions are directed at SCP-6083 itself.

Due to a set of currently unknown factors, some individuals gradually lose their ability to perceive SCP-6083. This process is known to cause subjects to experience mild to severe headaches. This anomalous effect is currently thought to be triggered based on a set of unknown conditions. Anecdotal evidence suggests this process is biased towards those who know SCP-6083 and its past well.  Once an individual becomes fully unable to perceive SCP-6083, they will forget all details of its existence. Reintroducing the fact of SCP-6083's existence to effected individuals momentarily allows them to acknowledge it, but has failed to restore any sensory ability to detect SCP-6083. SCP-6083 is unable to manipulate this process at will. Amnestic and mnestic treatments have proved ineffective at reversing or slowing this process.

**Interview Log 6083-1**

> **Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Jones

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6083

> 

> **Foreword:** This interview was conducted on 14/05/2024, shortly after SCP-6083's initial containment. Senior Researcher Jones was not permitted to question SCP-6083 about its anomalous properties or any other sensitive issues in this interview unless directly offered. This decision was made due to initial concerns that SCP-6083's anomalous effects may have been tied to its emotional state. 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> **Begin Log.**

> 

> **...**

> 

> **Jones:** So 6083-

> 

> **SCP-6083:** 6083? Is that my new name?

> 

> **Jones:** Oh, my apologies. Would you prefer if I used your normal name, James?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Yes please. 6083 just sounds weird.

> 

> **Jones:** Yes I suppose it does. Doesn't it? 

> 

> *Jones appears to drift off in thought, as SCP-6083 stares intently at her.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Miss, your necklace.

> 

> *SCP-6083 points at the amethyst pendant Jones is wearing.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** It's really pretty.

> 

> **Jones:** Thank you very much. I made it myself.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Wow! You must be really famous if you can make something this cool!

> 

> **Jones:** No, I'm not. Really. I'm nothing special.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** That's not true. You're the first person who talked to me since I came here. That makes you really special.

> 

> **Jones:** I suppose you're not wrong about that.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Oh. And-and-and you don't feel sorry for me or anything.

> 

> **Jones:** Is that so special?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** (*nods*) It's really rare that people don't just look at me and feel bad. You're really special, Miss.

> 

> **Jones:** I see. Well thank you for thinking so highly of me. (*pauses*) About people feeling bad when they see you. Does that upset you?

> 

> *SCP-6083 nods.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** I don't like when everyone around me gets sad. I think that no one should feel sad when they look at me, otherwise no one can be happy and play with me.

> 

> *Jones smiles.*

> 

> **Jones:** Well, I'm afraid I can't play with you James, but I can promise I won't be any sadder when you're around. Ok?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Okay, Miss. I promise I'll be good so that I don't make everyone sad.

> 

> **Jones:** (*mutters*) Oh, if only it were that easy.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** What?

> 

> **Jones:** Sorry. It's nothing.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** You're weird, Miss.

> 

> **Jones:** (*chuckles*) Yeah. I get that a lot.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Will more people come play with me soon?

> 

> **Jones:** Probably not too soon, but I'll come back to talk to you tomorrow and ask you a few questions. Ok?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Can we play just a little bit after we talk? I know you said we couldn't, but come on. Just a little bit. Please?

> 

> **Jones:** Well, maybe if you're good.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Ok!

> 

> **Jones:** Then, I'll see you tomorrow.

> 

> **...**

> 

> **End Log.**

**Interview Log 6083-2**

> **Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Jones

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6083

> 

> **Foreword:** This interview was conducted as a follow-up to SCP-6083's first interview on 14/05/2024. Given SCP-6083's generally positive mental state during the first interview, Senior Researcher Jones was permitted to begin questioning it about its anomalous properties.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> **Begin Log.**

> 

> **...**

> 

> *Jones walks into SCP-6083's cell and sits down next to it. It is playing with the plastic cutlery that was provided with it's most recent meal.*

> 

> **Jones:** Hello again James.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Hi Miss.

> 

> *SCP-6083 mimics the sound of an aeroplane whilst waving around it's cutlery.*

> 

> **Jones:** I see you've found a way to have fun already.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Look. It's an aeroplane!

> 

> *SCP-6083 continues to play with it's cutlery. Jones waits for a few minutes before clearing her throat to attract SCP-6083's attention.*

> 

> **Jones:** James I did come all this way to talk to you. Would you mind landing the aircraft a second so we can have a chat?

> 

> *SCP-6083 lowers the cutlery and briefly slides it along the ground before leaving it.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Okay, Miss. I'm all done now. What did you want to talk about?

> 

> **Jones:** I wanted to ask you a bit about how you got here.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Umm... The people at the orphanage started ignoring me for some reason, so I started to get in some trouble. The police had a big argument with the adults and then the men in suits came and took me here.

> 

> **Jones:** I see. Do you have any idea why the other people started ignoring you?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** I think it might have been because of the family I scared away. They seemed really nice, but they were really awkward around me. I think they got a little scared of my face.

> 

> **Jones:** I can't blame them. Just look at that devilish smile!

> 

> *Jones pinches SCP-6083's cheeks as they both laugh.*

> 

> **PA System:** *Jones, please refrain from unnecessary contact and small talk with the anomaly.*

> 

> **Jones:** Alright. Alright. You could at least let me and the kid have *some* fun.

> 

> *Jones briefly glares at the camera in SCP-6083's cell before resuming conversation.*

> 

> **Jones:** Well, you heard the man. I guess we gotta do this the boring way.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** No fair! I thought we were gonna get to play!

> 

> **Jones:** I'm really sorry James. I'll definitely make it up to you. How about this? I'm sure this room is a bit boring for you. How about I help you redecorate? I can bring a toy or two with me next time too. So, could you please forgive me this one time?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** (*pouting*) Mmmm... Ok, I guess. I wanted to play now, but if it's not your fault I can't be mad at you. But next time promise you can play with me!

> 

> **Jones:** Ok. I pro-

> 

> **PA System:** *Don't make promises you can't keep Jones.*

> 

> **Jones:** Oh, come on! You can't just let me play with the kid for a while?

> 

> **PA System:** *Sorry, it's not my call. The higher-ups have been really cracking down on us whenever we don't follow standard procedure what with the incident at Site-11 last month.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Does that mean I won't get to play with you, Miss?

> 

> **Jones:** No way! Don't worry about that wet blanket. I can deal with him later.

> 

> *Some background noise is picked up through the PA System.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** So we'll get to play soon?

> 

> **Jones:** 100%.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Great. I'm gonna make sure you stick to that.

> 

> **Jones:** Don't worry about that. Just start thinking of ideas for what you wanna do when we play together next time. Should I bring Monopoly? Hmmm... I'll think of something good. Unless you know what you want to play?

> 

> *SCP-6083 shrugs.*

> 

> **Jones:** It's fine then. I'll think of something. In any case, was it everyone who ignored you? Or just a couple people who were mad at you?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** The only person who didn't ignore me was Thomas. He used to hit me, but when everyone started ignoring me he got worried. I think they let him in on it after that though, because he started doing it too.

> 

> **Jones:** I see. So was that around the time the police got involved?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** (*nods*) The police came I think a day after Thomas got in on the prank.

> 

> **Jones:** Ok. That's all good then. I think I'm beginning to understand what happened.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Does that mean I'll be going back to the orphanage soon?

> 

> **Jones:** No, I don't think so. It's not good for people to be playing such a mean prank on you. I  think you'll be staying here for a while James.

> 

> **PA System:** *Jones, the Site Director says they want to see you in their office, now.*

> 

> **Jones:** Really? Oh for- Alright, James I think that means we'll have to finish here for today, but I'll definitely keep my promise to you. Don't worry. Next time, I swear we'll get to play together.

> 

> *SCP-6083 seems upset, but remains quiet.*

> 

> **Jones:** Awww... Come on, now. Don't give me that look. I even swore I'd play with you next time. Ok, look. Pinky promise.

> 

> *Jones kneels down to face SCP-6083 and extends out her pinky finger. SCP-6083 does the same and the two lock pinkies before moving their hands up and down, as in a handshake.*

> 

> **Jones:** Cross my heart. Hope to die.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Now if you don't keep your promise you have to stick a needle in your eye.

> 

> **Jones:** I guess I had better keep that promise then, huh?

> 

> **PA System:** *Jones, the Site Director is waiting on you. Terminate this interview at once.*

> 

> *Jones walks to the door of SCP-6083's cell and briefly turns around to wave at it before leaving.*

> 

> **...**

> 

> **End Log.**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Afterword:** For her breach of conduct during this interview with SCP-6083, Senior Researcher Jones was initially issued a formal warning and was put under probation for three months. However, at the recommendation of the Site psychiatrist, who observed that SCP-6083's mental state was improving as a result of Jones' actions, her punishment was withdrawn and she was permitted to continue her friendly advances towards it.

**Interview Log 6083-3**

> **Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Jones

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6083

> 

> **Foreword:** This interview was conducted shortly after SCP-6083's cell was refurbished at the request of Senior Researcher Jones.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> **Begin Log.**

> 

> **...**

> 

> *Jones enters SCP-6083's room holding a wrapped present. She sits down next to SCP-6083, which is playing with a model car given to it by Jones during a previous interview. She fidgets momentarily, before clearing her throat to attract SCP-6083's attention.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Oh. Hi again, Miss. You're early today.

> 

> **Jones:** Well, I thought I should bring you something to celebrate the redecoration. This room feels much more *you,* now. Doesn't it?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Yeah I didn't like the old room. It was so boring I felt like I was going to die.

> 

> **Jones:** Well, you don't need to worry now. I'll make sure you don't get bored and can have all the fun you want!

>   

> **SCP-6083:** Can I see what you got me?

> 

> **Jones:** Of course. Here.

> 

> *Jones hands SCP-6083 the present and it quickly tears open the wrapping paper. Inside the paper is a jewellery box containing a handmade topaz pendant, matching the amethyst pendant Jones is wearing.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** It's a pendant just like yours! But why is the stone different?

> 

> **Jones:** That's your birthstone, topaz. This one is mine, amethyst. So we have matching pendants of our birthstones. I thought I'd use your birthstone instead of just using amethyst, since that's why I used amethyst for mine in the first place.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Thank you so much! I'll treasure it forever and ever!

> 

> *SCP-6083 takes the pendant out of the box and hands it to Jones.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Put it on me! Put it on me!

> 

> *Jones takes the pendant and hooks it around SCP-6083's neck.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** How does it look?

> 

> **Jones:** It just might look better on you than it does on me.

> 

> *SCP-6083 hugs Jones. Guards situated outside of SCP-6083's chambers began moving to intervene before Jones signalled them to stand down.*

> 

> **Jones:** So, James, do you want to talk like we normally do? Or would you rather we do something else?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Talk! I like talking to you.

> 

> *SCP-6083 lets go of Jones and sits down on the floor of the room.*

> 

> **Jones:** So, what do you want to talk about?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Hmmm... We've already talked a lot about me. Tell me about you.

> 

> **Jones:** Well, there's not much to talk about. I'm not very interesting compared to you.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** I'm sure that's not true, Miss. Just tell me a story about you. Please?

> 

> **Jones:** Well, let's see... I could tell you about how I got this job. That's probably the most interesting thing I can-

> 

> *Jones stops as the lights cut out due to a power failure. The cell door slams shut and locks itself. The recording of the interview also briefly cuts out before the backup power starts. Jones is holding SCP-6083 when the recording restarts.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** What happened? Why did the lights go out?

> 

> **Jones:** Something bad happened somewhere else in the building. We'll have to stay put here for a bit.

> 

> *Jones signals the guards outside the cell.*

> 

> **Jones:** You guys need to get out of here to stay safe. We'll be fine in here. Go help with the re-containment effort.

> 

> *The guards nod and leave the area.*

> 

> **Jones:** Sorry about this. We'll probably be stuck like this for a while, but we should be fine just staying put.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** So, does that mean we can keep on talking?

> 

> **Jones:** Sure. That'd be a way to pass the time at least.

> 

> **PA System:** ALERT: A containment breach has occurred in the Keter-wing. All containment cells have been locked until the Site is secured. Please evacuate to a safe location as dispatched Mobile Task Forces work to re-contain the escaped anomalies.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** What does "keter" mean?

> 

> **Jones:** It's what we call a containment class. Basically if something is very difficult to keep from escaping, it's "keter".

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Is it dangerous?

> 

> **Jones:** What do you mean?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Is a keter dangerous?

> 

> **Jones:** A lot of them are. Definitely most of the ones on this site are.

> 

> *SCP-6083 shows signs of becoming distressed.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Then why did the guards leave if it's dangerous? What if we get hurt?

> 

> **Jones:** It's fine James. This is actually about the safest place we could be. We're in a secure containment cell and we're on the opposite side of the site to the breach. I promise you we'll be fine.

> 

> *Distant gunfire can be heard. SCP-6083 is now visibly distressed and starts trembling.*

> 

> **Jones:** It's ok, James. It's ok. Everything's fine. We'll be alright. I promise.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** (*quietly*) Miss, I'm scared.

> 

> **Jones:** You poor thing. I'll protect you. Don't worry. Just trust me. Ok?

> 

> *SCP-6083 nods and hugs Jones tighter.*

> 

> **Jones:** There, there. You're gonna be alright.

> 

> *Jones pats SCP-6083's head and holds it closely.*

> 

> **Jones:** You want me to tell you that story then? It might take your mind off the scary stuff.

> 

> *SCP-6083 nods.*

> 

> [CONVERSATION REDACTED FOR INFORMATIONAL SECURITY PURPOSES]

> 

> **Jones:** So that's about it. (*pauses*) Sorry. Now that I've said it all aloud, that story isn't actually very fun. I guess my life just isn't quite as interesting as yours.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** That's not true Miss. Your story was really cool! Especially when the people you work for showed up. That was really exciting!

> 

> **Jones:** Yeah, that's something you can never fault us for, I guess. The Foundation always keep things interesting, one way or another. (*pauses*) Say, do you want to play a game now? I think it'll still be a while before anyone else gets here, so we've probably got some more time to kill.

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Ok. What can we play?

> 

> **Jones:** Well, we have a couple games here that we've played before, Here Jones is referring to a variety of board games given to SCP-6083 for use during interviews, of which three had been used before.  but there's also some new stuff too.

> 

> *Jones looks through a small pile of board games stacked in the corner of SCP-6083's room for a short period, before picking out a game. She pauses and looks down for around half a minute, before turning towards SCP-6083.*

> 

> **Jones:** Want to play Pictionary?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Sure!

> 

> **Jones:** Do you know how to play this one?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** We draw pictures and try to guess what the other person is drawing. I'm not very good at drawing though...

> 

> **Jones:** That's where the fun comes from! At least give it a shot, James.

>   

> *The two go on to talk and play Pictionary for just over 40 minutes before Jones stops mid sentence.*

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Miss? What's wrong?

> 

> *Jones appears not to notice SCP-6083's question. And begins rubbing her head apparently in pain.*

> 

> **Jones:** Ughh... What was I doing again? Why did I take out this game?

> 

> **SCP-6083:** Miss? Are you ok? What's going on?

> 

> *Jones recoils for a moment, seemingly surprised at SCP-6083's presence. After a moment, she regains her composure and smiles at SCP-6083.*

> 

> **Jones:** Sorry James, I just zoned out for a second. Don't worry about that.

> 

> *The two resume their game for another 14 minutes before members of MTF-Nu-7 ("Hammer Down") arrive at the cell.*

> 

> **Nu-7 Operative:** We've got a researcher locked in with an anomaly here! Someone get this door open now!

> 

> *Nu-7 members force open the door before moving inside and separating Jones and SCP-6083. Once separated from Jones, SCP-6083 begins to cry.*

> 

> **Jones:** Wait! What are you doing? Stop! You're scaring the kid!

> 

> **Nu-7 Operative:** Keep away from the anomaly. We'll subdue it momentarily.

> 

> **Jones:** (*struggling against the Nu-7 operatives*) Stand down you morons! He's not dangerous! I-

> 

> *Jones starts to clutch her head in her hands. She starts shaking and looks visibly distressed.*

> 

> **Jones:** Just stand down. Please...

> 

> *The Nu-7 operators restraining SCP-6083 release it and it immediately runs to Jones, who hugs it tightly against her chest.*

> 

> **...**

> 

> **End Log.**

**Addendum 6083-1**

Shortly after the events documented in Interview Log 6083-3, Senior Researcher Jones fell victim to SCP-6083's anomalous effect and has been rendered unable to fulfil her role as SCP-6083's overseeing researcher.

A replacement researcher will be assigned shortly.

<< [SCP-6082](SCP-6082) | SCP-6083 | [SCP-6084](SCP-6084) >>
