.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}

body{

    --barColour: #8c8c8c;

}

:root{

  --header-title: "SCP Foundation";

  --header-subtitle: "Dept. of Internal Affairs";

}

#header h1 a:before {

    font-size: 2.0rem;

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    background-image: url(http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/harry-blank-6/BlankstyleSCP-2.png);

    filter: opacity(50%);

}

#page-content .info-container {

    ~~link-color: rgb(var(~~swatch-text-general));

}

#page-content .info-container .translation_block {

    display: none;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-link,

#page-content .info-container:hover .collapsible-block-link {

    line-height: 1.6em;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-unfolded-link {

    display: grid;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded .collapsible-block-link,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-link {

    -webkit-mask: unset;

            mask: unset;

    background: transparent;

    grid-column: 1;

    grid-row: 1;

    opacity: 0;

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

 

---

**CONTAINMENT PROTOCOL:** Personnel assigned to the Surrealistics Department, the Antimemetics Division, and the Department of Unreality. Assignment process [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6208 unknown].  are to be monitored for inconsistencies in temperament. If any members of staff display signs of persistent anxiety, they are to be granted counselling. In order to maintain current working capacity, resigning employees are to be immediately replaced.

Due to the outflow of staff in these jurisdictions, all funding aimed towards the three departments is to be redirected towards the maintenance and containment of already established and studied department-specific anomalies. Assets and funding intended for independent departmental research and investigative operations are to be frozen for the foreseeable future.

Pending the approval of their assigned therapists, members of staff are allowed Class-C targeted amnestic treatment at request.. Eparch-class anomalies are non-anomalous in nature but relate to anomalous or potentially anomalous phenomena. 

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-6763 is a series of correlated phenomenon currently affecting members of staff within the Foundation's Surrealistics Department, the Antimemetics Division, and the Department of Unreality. Though SCP-6763's exact parameters are not fully understood, it is believed to involve a mass exodus of Foundation employees from all three departments.. As of 19 July 2025, the Surrealistics Department is at 38% capacity, the Antimemetics Division is at 20%, and the Department of Unreality's capacity is inconclusive.  The motives behind these resignations are unclear, with most members of staff being vague in their descriptions and reasoning behind their departures. 

Psychologists stationed within [*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6445 Site-⌘],. Is this even possible?  Site-41, and [*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/your-imaginary-friend Site-0]. No, it isn't.  reported increasing levels of stress within collective staff, data which positively correlates with the rapidly increasing rate of staff resignations from the previously stated departments.

SCP-6763-1 is the high likelihood that individuals participating in the mass exodus from the stated departments will develop acute agoraphobia in regards to open spaces.

**ADDENDUM 6763.1:** Staff Interviews

<details>
<summary>+ Sequitur, Marcel: Head of Surrealistics Dept.</summary>

> 

> *Department Head Marcel Sequitur enters the room. He is visibly apprehensive as he crosses the threshold of the open doorway.* 

> 

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Dr. Sequitur, thank you for attending. I understand you're quite a busy man in your line of work, and appreciate you giving us your time today.

> 

> 

> *Director Masonet stands, reaching out to shake Sequitur's hand. Sequitur concedes.*

> 

> 

> **Sequitur:** I do understand, but is this truly necessary?

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** I'm afraid so. 

> 

> 

> *Director Masonet seats himself on the opposite side of the interviewing table.*

> 

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** The Foundation recognizes the rather unusual yet necessary tactics of your department, and when we picked up on this trend, we became rather concerned over its quite rapid acceleration.

> 

> **Sequitur:** Well, I wouldn't say that there's much to be worried about; we all drop eventually - we are flies after all, borne and spawned and swarming before we turn ourselves inside-out into the ground beneath our feet.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Yes, yes, how very true that is.

> 

> 

> *There is a pause.*

> 

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Dr. Sequitur, I wanted to highlight this attendance discrepancy with you. You must already know about it, especially since those that enter Site... Site...

> 

> **Sequitur:** Site-⌘.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Thank you, I don't believe I've taken the agnostics required to properly pronounce it. Now, I was... yes - you must already be aware of staff attendance discrepancies, especially since employees under your jurisdiction and Site are the only individuals explicitly willing to engage with such cognitive patterns, this combined with how you and your employees are the only ones able to feasibly enter and exit the facility.

> 

> **Sequitur:** Well, of course - I was very much aware of this. I would *like* to say that it began with Ms. Noa, but if I try to recall it, it appears more like Mr. Guiomar. One of them - or both - were talking about potentially detatching from the main mass to pursue alternative psychoscientific routes, ones that could be considered "safer." I remember sitting them at my desk and trying to calm their anxieties, but Noa or Guiomar told me that they didn't feel so comfortable anymore, working on the precipice of a bisected plane. I tried telling them that we were truly at the *peak* of this new engagement, what with the new Site Director, but they... I didn't fully grasp their intentions until later.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Their intentions, Dr. Sequitir?

> 

> **Sequitur:** Oh, Director, it's out of fear. They're afraid.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** What could they be afraid of?

> 

> **Squitur:** It's not... It's not *like that,* I would say, instead it's more... It isn't something that falls under our sphere of influence, and we'd rather not talk about it in-depth due to it not being under our sphere of influence.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Ok...

> 

> 

> *Director Masonet pinches the bridge of his nose.*

> 

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Well, if it's potentially memetic, I understand your precaution. We will just have to do more analysis.

> 

> **Sequitur:** Thank you.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** One last thing; Dr. Sequitur, how come your employee registry appears to be *gaining* staff despite registry plummetting?

> 

> **Sequitur:** It's standard practice that on their way out, before they cast away their badges and chitter'd teeth and hurl themselves into the endward chasm, they replace their names with the names written in their throats, regarding dead memories or forgotten dreams or childhood nostalgia. These lies help keep the positions filled, though temporary, until they as employees are replaced with the standard requirements required to fulfill the job. We haven't actually been *departing* from Site-⌘, though - we find that semantic associations tend to ricochet quite unhealthily and quite obtuse if depressurizing precautions are not met.

> 

> 

> *Sequitur lets out a forced, nervous laugh.*

> 

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Marcel.

> 

> **Sequitur:** Yes, Director?

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Why are your people afraid?

> 

> **Sequitur:** Well... If I must be honest, it's because we feel safer in *there* than out *here.*

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Heath, Lilian: Chief Head of Antimemetics Div.</summary>

> 

> *The Antimemetics Division's chief, Lilian Heath, enters the room. She appears worn-out. There are prominent dark circles underneath her eyelids.*

> 

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Ms. Heath, thank you for arriving on short notice.

> 

> 

> *Director Masonet stands to shake her hand.*

> 

> *Heath sighs and reciprocates.*

> 

> 

> **Heath:** Well, when the Foundation calls, you have to answer for something.

> 

> 

> *Heath sits down, almost slumping into her chair. Director Masonet seats himself as well.*

> 

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** We understand that your department is under a great amount of stress; for the record, how long have you been in your position?

> 

> **Heath:** I was assigned chief head of the Antimemetics Division on the 3rd of September, 2023.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** And when was your department formed?

> 

> **Heath:** 28th of July, 2023.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Fledglings, really.

> 

> **Heath:** Well, we needed *something* to investigate them, didn't we?

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Of course, of course... now, Ms. Heath, how many members of staff were under your wing at the beginning of the department's formation?

> 

> 

> *Heath pauses, her gaze drifting up towards the ceiling.*

> 

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Ms. Heath?

> 

> 

> *Heath's expression falters for a moment, a quick flash of anxiety crossing her face.*

> 

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Ms. Heath, I don't want to as-

> 

> 

> *Heath focuses, turning back to Director Masonet. Her expression shifts, hiding the momentary flash of fear.*

> 

> 

> **Heath:** Yes, yes, I'm sorry... uh... I don't think... I haven't fully acclimated to mnestic treatment yet. Where were we?

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** I was just asking you ab-

> 

> **Heath:** About staff numbers, yes... Well, off the top of my head, we had about 200 members? It was mostly Level 2 and 3 researchers, nothing too out there. Then, after about a year, we uncovered the remains of several mass-forgotten events, leading to more funding and more assigned staff. So that would make it that by early 2025, we had around... 1500 members? And it was growing.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** And the drop?

> 

> **Heath:** That... that occurred around... I'd like to say this past April. It kind of cascaded without anyone fully realizing. It didn't really concern me until some of my best researchers essentially fled the premises. All that they did to notify me was basically sending one-sentence reassignment emails before running to Employee Logistics. It was fast - *is* fast. I think some of them even quit mnestics cold turkey.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Did they give any reasoning whatsoever into why they resigned?

> 

> **Heath:** Well, we all were aware of something within the division - we had started a new trial of experimental mnestics, and they were working pretty well but their side effects were mostly inconclusive.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** How so?

> 

> **Heath:** Extensive use resulted in rising levels of anxiety, sometimes resulting in panic attacks.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Did any of your employees mention what happened during those panic attacks?

> 

> **Heath:** Somewhat - they would feel a sense of vertigo followed by the drug's actual effects kicking in. Though, throughout its influence, they kept reporting that something felt wrong. Nobody could accurately put it into words, though.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Ms. Heath, did *you* participate in these tests?

> 

> 

> *Heath's shoulders tensen.*

> 

> 

> **Heath:** Of course I did. They're my employees, and they're mine to protect.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Are there any side effects that you can tell us right now? Anything of note?

> 

> 

> *Heath hesitates.*

> 

> 

> **Heath:** If I listen carefully, I can hear something. It's faint, but it's there. Like hearing an air raid siren from miles away.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Can you elaborate?

> 

> **Heath:** No, I don't think I can.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Thorley, Alex: Reality Liaison to Unreality Dept.</summary>

> 

> *Researcher Alex Thorley does not enter the interviewing room. They have no need to enter the interviewing room, because they are already inside.*

> 

> *Director Masonet, caught off-guard, momentarily struggles to stand.*

> 

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Mx. Thorley! I didn't - I, uh, I wasn't expecting you to be so punctual.

> 

> **Thorley:** It happens. It just happens more often in my line of work.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Yes, it appears so. In regards to your department, I -

> 

> **Thorley:** I know. You won't be able to really wrap your head around it, but yes. There's somehow *less.*

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Excuse me? "Less?"

> 

> **Thorley:** Yeah. There's less. Department files are completely wiping themselves clean, and not in the usual sense. Entire files of empty, hidden, *valuable* data just - 

> 

> 

> *They reach their hand out in front of them in a large, sweeping motion.*

> 

> 

> **Thorley:** Gone.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** And you believe that this is because...?

> 

> **Thorley:** I'm not sure. My office is inactive, though. The door just leads to a blank wall now.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** If you require assistance in relocating, we'll be more than happy to - 

> 

> **Thorley:** With all due respect, Director, I am fine, thank you, but there's one last thing I need to bring up.

> 

> **Dir. Masonet:** Go right on ahead.

> 

> **Thorley:** Doe told us that we weren't allowed to look up at the sky.

> 

> *Thorley abruptly exits. The door remains untouched.*

> 

</details>

**ADDENDUM 6763.2:** Internal Pharmaceutical Investigation

Comparisons of the three departments led to agents discovering that their common vector is the recurrent partaking of differing yet similar Foundation-standard medications in order to facilitate sufficient insight and comprehension in each respective field:

* **agnostics:** pharmaceuticals that promote semantic dissociation and non-linear thinking patterns.

* **mnestics:** pharmaceuticals that allow stronger perception, memory recall, and perceptual reinforcement in viewing antimemes.

* **[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6478 unmnestics:]** purpose as-of-yet not fully understood.

This combined with Lilian Heath's testimony led to a thorough investigation on the exact properties of each individual medication. This also lead to the discovery that the upgraded mnestics being tested by the Antimemetics Division were not approved by the Pharmaceutical Department, though they were still unknowingly disseminated amongst sub-departments as the basis for their own various pharmaceutical tools.. The invention of the "mnestic" drug in 1873 lead to a vast expansion of cognitive-altering substances, as doctors and scientists were able to reverse-engineer specific qualities they wanted the drug to enhance. This led to the invention of the first amnestic in 1875, and thus the first agnostic in Anthuary 1226. Even today, mnestics are utilized as the base chemical bedrock for various Foundation-issued cognitive-altering pharmaceuticals. 

**ADDENDUM 6763.3:** Testing

Using various optical processing techniques partially adapted from [Experiment 3966-10](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3966), Foundation scientists were able to construct a cranial apparatus designed to perceive while also transcribing its perceptions, labelling it JONAH.. Repurposed human remains.  While JONAH's transcriptions are rather primitive, they have a 75% accuracy rate when compared to similar predicted snapshot perceptions occurring in the human brain.

Three of these devices were commissioned in order to humanely test the extreme symptoms of the newly-distributed pharmaceuticals.

> **Trial 1A**

> 

> **Protocol:** Administer 1 dose of Class-Y altered mnestics into the JONAH device.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **STATUS:** {{ONLINE}}

> 

> **PERCEPTUAL ARRAY:** {{VERIFIED; 89% CAPACITY}}

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{mute eye floaters floaters floaters white fluffy cloud edge cut sting something spin spin nausea see floaters floaters worm worm harmless}}

> 

> **QUERY INSERTED:** "How do you feel?"

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{sick nausea worm worm looking at up nerves}}

> 

> **QUERY INSERTED:** "Are they working as intended?"

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{worm worm worm worm as intended perception of worm yes}}. Potentially a reference to various benign antimemetic lifeforms. 

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{else something sky see sky see sky hear see something}}

> 

> **QUERY INSERTED:** "What do you hear?"

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{voice no words voice missing}}

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{voices}}

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{i don't like it}}

> **Trial 1B**

> 

> **Protocol:** Administer 2 doses of Class-(?) altered unmnestics into the JONAH device

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **STATUS:** {{ONLINE}}

> 

> **PERCEPTUAL ARRAY:** {{VERIFIED; 92% CAPACITY}}

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{calm}}

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{calm}}

> 

> **QUERY INSERTED:** "How do you feel?"

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{calm}}

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{dangerously so calm}}

> 

> **QUERY INSERTED:** "Can you elaborate?"

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{calm empty means calm means undisturbed which calm means able to parse stillness}}

> 

> **QUERY INSERTED:** "Please elaborate."

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{calm means can sense disturbing in calm}}

> 

> **QUERY INSERTED:** "Something is disturbing your peace?"

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{yes}}

> 

> **QUERY INSERTED:** "What is it?"

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{won't stop}}

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{constant faraway uncalm}}

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{3 3 0 9 3 6 3 9 3 0 5 6 8 5 3 5 3 0 3 6 6 6 5 5 8 9 3 8 0...}}. JONAH instance kept repeating randomized sequences of 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, and 0 until it was deactivated. 

> **Trial 1C**

> 

> **Protocol:** Administer 5 doses of base-class altered agnostics into the JONAH device

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **STATUS:** {{IDLE}}

> 

> **PERCEPTUAL ARRAY:** {{INCOMPLETE; 154% CAPACITY}}

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{PAIN PAIN INTO UNTO ARLOAN MARCUS REESE BURNING OF THE EARS MIND THEIR THOUGHTS ARE AGONIZING}}

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{PAIN PAIN PAIN PAIN PAIN PAIN PAIN PAIN}}

> 

> **QUERY INSERTED:** "JONAH, are you alright?"

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{UP UP AROUND ABOUT NET CASTED ON THE SHEER FACE OF COSMOS WOVEN WOVEN WEAVE EVERY THREAD PAIN EVERY THREAD PAIN PAIN PAIN I DO NOT WANT TO LOOK}}

> 

> **QUERY INSERTED:** "JONAH, what are you seeing?"

> 

> **DESCRIPTION:** {{SCREAMING ALL SCREAMING ALL OF IT SCREAMING THE ENTIRE SKY SCREAMING SKY IT IS EVERYWHERE IT BURNS IT BURNS IT BURNS IT BURNS IT BURNS IT BURNS IT BURNS IT BURNS IT}}. Due to unpredicted excess stimuli, the instance's computing power experienced a surge that destroyed the unit's main processing center. Data is currently being recovered for study. 

 

 

<details>
<summary>This article has been updated. Click to view update.</summary>

**ADDENDUM 6763.4:** 17 August 2025 Update

Reclassification to Keter is pending. Drug production in the current quarter is to immediately cease, with current pharmaceuticals being seized by Head Directors. Amnestic reserves are to be reviewed to remove all contaminated products. Personnel that ingest or participate in contaminated Foundation-issued cognitive-altering substances **are not to look at the sky.**

Do not talk about what you have seen.

</details>

 

 

<< [SCP-6762](SCP-6762) | SCP-6763 | [SCP-6764](SCP-6764) >>

=====

> **Filename:** pharmacy.jpg

> **Author:** Zahid H Javali

> **License:** CC 0

> **Source Link:** [Link](*https://pixabay.com/photos/medical-store-pharmacy-pharmacist-555090/)

=====

> **Filename:** sky.jpg

> **Author:** Stefano Ferrario

> **License:** CC 0

> **Source Link:** [Link](*https://pixabay.com/photos/sky-clouds-hazy-sky-566418/)

=====
