[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=SCP-6162[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/djkaktus[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments=

= **SCP-6162** - *The Wormhole*

---

---

= **Image Credits**

https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wormhole_Gamma_27062019.png

vertical.png was made by me, djkaktus, released under CC by SA 3.0.

https://flickr.com/photos/chad_sparkes/40125986191

All image edits were made by me, djkaktus.

]]

---

]

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation assets assigned to near-Earth phenomenon are to monitor for signs of additional extraterrestrial spatial incursions that match SCP-6162's geometric signature. Foundation LUNACORPS engineers are to continue working on Project ANKS to evaluate methods by which to collapse additional instances of SCP-6162-A, should they appear in the future - however, due to the observed cross-dimensional mass matrix of SCP-6162-A, no such technology capable of accomplishing this currently exists.

**Description:** SCP-6162 is the group designation for a number of unusual extraterrestrial phenomena that were observed on October 19th, 2021.

SCP-6162-A was a spatial anomaly that appeared roughly 384,000 kilometers from Earth at 16:23 UTC on 19/10/2021. SCP-6162-A was first observed by the FARMIND extraterrestrial imaging array. In a paper filed shortly after initial observation, Dr. Mortimer Dekala described the anomaly as:

...a rogue celestial aberration of unknown mass, tracking an unknown orbit that is currently passing through our solar system. It is a fully opaque mass and does not reflect light or other higher energy waveforms. It appeared suddenly, expending only a small amount of energy when doing so. Kurushian physics indicates that any energy passing through the spatial rift should cause the overall interior metastructure of the anomaly to decay logarithmically; despite this, the anomaly has continued to regenerate mass by unknown means since its initial discovery.

SCP-6162-B and SCP-6162-C were mechanical entities or vessels discovered on the far side of SCP-6162-A's spatial rift. For more information, see *Addendum 6162.1*.

Shortly after initial discovery, Foundation LUNACORPS authorized the launch of KNKO-3 to gather additional information about the anomaly.

**Addendum 6162.1:** KNKO-3 Observations

KNKO-3 came within 20,000km of SCP-6162-A after roughly 11 hours of travel time. The probe confirmed that SCP-6162-A had a mass of approximately three billion kilograms, was vaguely sphere-shaped with slight tapering at the poles, and was experiencing tidal drift through the center of the anomaly. As KNKO-3 was drawn into SCP-6162-A's gravity well, it ejected a radio tether on the near side of the anomaly to ensure transmission of data across the tidal plane.

KNKO-3 was almost incapacitated immediately upon passing through the anomaly by powerful electromagnetic pulses emanating from three colossal mechanical structures (hereafter identified as SCP-6162-B) immediately adjacent to the far side of SCP-6162-A, but was able to maneuver away from SCP-6162-A using onboard thrusters. Video received from KNKO-3 is inconclusive, but appears to show the three instances of SCP-6162-B engaged with another smaller, sleek black vessel (hereafter identified as SCP-6162-C). Each of the instances of SCP-6162-B were well over 5km in height, composed primarily of heavily oxidized steel plating, and appeared to have a weapons system consisting of depleted uranium shells launched at high velocity from multiple large caliber autocannons, each at least 2500mm in diameter. SCP-6162-C, which was seemingly spatially entangled by a kind of energy emitter equipped by each of SCP-6162-B, was in the process of returning fire using a previously unseen weapon of unknown function.

Shortly after its arrival, KNKO-3 observed two of the SCP-6162-B instances begin to change shape, folding their large cannon batteries into their main superstructure. They then fired their own massive on-board thrusters, aligned to a point in space, and then reached tremendous speed before disappearing from local space entirely. The single remaining instance of SCP-6162-B continued to fire upon SCP-6162-C until it was annihilated.

Immediately after the destruction of the smaller vessel, the KNKO-3 probe was caught in the same spatial entangling array it had previously observed being used to hold SCP-6162-C in place. KNKO-3's onboard radio was then overwhelmed by noise as the remaining instance of SCP-6162-B began to emit a repeating signal. KNKO-3 captured one final pressure reading coming from the gun batteries of SCP-6162-B before it ceased responding to radio broadcasts, presumably having been destroyed.

Immediately after the loss of KNKO-3, LUNACORPS authorized the launch of KNKO-4 for further analysis of the anomaly; however, approximately fifteen hours after first appearing, SCP-6162-A began to show signs of structural degradation across its mass matrix, and fully collapsed in on itself 16 hours and 23 minutes after initial discovery.

**Addendum 6162.2:** Decoded Transmission

The following is the decoded message that was received by the KNKO-3 probe shortly before its apparent destruction. The message, which was transmitted on a previously unknown subspace frequency, was picked up by KNKO-3's radio transmitter as static - however, A.I. analysis of what was previously assumed to be noise determined the signal was in actuality a message, transmitted in modern Russian, that was repeated eleven times in the eight seconds immediately before KNKO-3 was destroyed. The text of this transmission is as follows:

Пошел ты, сука с фрегатом. Я посадил семя в вашем доме. теперь вас выселят.

The meaning of this message as it relates to its source is unknown. Further analysis of information collected by KNKO-3 is ongoing.

<< [SCP-6161](SCP-6161) | SCP-6162 | [SCP-6163](SCP-6163) >>

=====

> **Filename:** KNKO.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [/scp-6162 SCP Foundation Wiki]

> **Derivative Of:**

> ----

> **Name:** History in the Making

> **Author:** Chad Sparkes

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](http://flickr.com/chad_sparkes/40125986191)

> **Filename:** vertical.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [/scp-6162 SCP Foundation Wiki]

> **Filename:** wormhole.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [/scp-6162 SCP Foundation Wiki]

> **Derivative Of:**

> ----

> **Name:** Wormhole Gamma 27062019.png

> **Author:** PantheraLeo1359531

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:wormhole_Gamma_27062019.png)

=====
