.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(252, 252, 252) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

    :root {

        --header-gradient-color-bottom: 157, 157, 157;

    --bright-accent: 190, 190, 190;

    --pale-accent: 190, 190, 190;

    --dark-accent: 141, 199, 223;

    --hover-link-color: 91, 206, 250;

    --visited-link-color: 91, 206, 250;

#page-title {display: none;}

:root {

    --five-color: 157, 157, 157;

    --four-color: 157, 157, 157;

    --three-color: 157, 157, 157;

    --two-color: 91, 206, 250;

    --one-color: 91, 206, 250;

}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Identified SCP-6573 instances are to be caught, banded, and then released to aid in tracking the size of the population. Due to the endemic nature of the population, no further containment measures are necessary.

**Description:** SCP-6573 denotes the population of pigeons endemic to Site-357.

While SCP-6573 instances are physiologically identical to rock pigeons,or rock doves (Columba Livia) observations from site personnel identified strange behavior patterns across all instances, which are as follows:

* They are passive in the presence of humans, rarely fleeing when personnel approach.

* Instances shred scavenged and unattended food with their beaks rather than consuming it.

* While they display mating behaviors, no SCP-6573 instance has been observed to produce offspring.

* Personnel have reported feeling as though they are "being watched" by SCP-6573 instances.

* Instances have been recorded "falling out of the air", and appear to struggle to maintain flight for long periods of time.

* Site personnel note that instances "walk weird".

Despite these traits, Site-357's SCP-6573 population has been steadily rising, measured at approximately 264 in the last population survey.

**Incident 6573-1:** On 8/11/2023, Site Director Esther Sparks located an SCP-6573 instance within her office. After capturing the instance, she found the following note attached to its leg, coupled with a copy of the 6573 file.

Took a gander at your review of my doves. Sorry they weren't quite up to scratch, but that's what happens when you wing it, eh! Lesson learned, I guess.

@@ @@

I even agree with you! I agree! They aren't realistic at all, but I'd prefer you'd contact me directly, y'know, so I can actually do anything about it. Still, the batch sucks. I'm abandoning it, just so you know.

@@ @@

Whatever though. Whatever. I don't care.

@@ @@

Please, just tell me to my face next time rather than being weird about it, ok? What do I even do about them "walking weird"?

@@ @@

Nevermind.

Yours in song,

Lovebird

Investigations into the whereabouts of PoI-6573 ("Lovebird") are underway.

**Incident 6573-2:** At 2:00PM on 8/13/2023, every SCP-6573 instance simultaneously underwent comprehensive petrification, the falling debris of which injured 15 members of staff, but killed none.

Following the incident, on site MTF Psi-64 ("Art Attack") agents were deployed to recover all instances in the area. In total, while many were in a state of disrepair, approximately 305 petrified instances were recovered and show no further anomalous activity. Due to this, SCP-6573 is pending reclassification to Neutralized.

=====

> **Filename:** pigeon

> **Name:** Rock Pigeon-Mindaugas Urbonas-2.jpg

> **Author:** Mindaugas Urbonas

> **License:** [Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 Generic (CC BY-SA 2.5)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/deed.en)

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Rock_Pigeon-Mindaugas_Urbonas-2.jpg

> **Filename:** pigeons

> **Name:** Dordrecht kunstwerk Sabine Zwikker.jpg

> **Author:** Wikifrits

> **License:** [CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) Public Domain Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en)

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Dordrecht_kunstwerk_Sabine_Zwikker.jpg

=====

<< [SCP-6572](SCP-6572) | SCP-6573 | [SCP-6574](SCP-6574) >>
