Written by .

For more by me, go to [ my Author Page!](metalRavioli-s-author-page )

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-225

Dir. Edward B. Irkiv

Dr. Nile Brackish

N/A

---

**Special Containment Procedures**

SCP-6366-1 is to be contained in a large aviary in the wildlife containment wing of [Site-225](secure-facility-dossier-site-225), designed to resemble the natural habitat of a shoebill stork's.*Balaeniceps rex*. SCP-6366-1 is to be fed on a daily basis, presented with a diet of nile tilapia.*Oreochromis niloticus* meat, senegal bichir.*Polypterus senegalus* meat, and walking catfish.*Clarias batrachus* meat. Any amenities requested by SCP-6366-1 are to be provided to it on a case-by-case basis.

SCP-6366-2 is to be held in a 760-liter freshwater fish tank in the wildlife containment wing of Site-225, with live plants and several hiding places. SCP-6366-2 should be fed a diet of live tubifex worms.*Tubifex tubifex*, and Hikari brand carnivore pellets daily. Any amenities requested by SCP-6366-2 are to be provided to it on a case-by-case basis.

SCP-6366-1 and SCP-6366-2 should both be escorted to an enrichment cell daily and should be allowed to interact for approximately two hours.

**Description**

SCP-6366 is the designation given to two linked entities. SCP-6366-1 is a male member of the shoebill stork species. SCP-6366-1 is approximately 1.6 meters in height, with a wingspan of 2.5 meters. SCP-6366-1 is sapient and is capable of speech.

SCP-6366-2 is a male member of the senegal bichir species. measuring approximately 0.3 meters in length. SCP-6366-2 is sapient and is capable of speech. SCP-6366-2 is also capable of staying moist outside of water for extended periods of time through anomalous means.

If SCP-6366-1 and SCP-6366-2 are not within three meters of each other once every 24 hours, SCP-6366-1 and SCP-6366-2 will begin being pulled towards each other by an anomalous force. This force will pull the entities through solid objects. However, this will not cause any damage to the entities themselves. Once the two entities are within three meters of each other, the anomalous force will disperse, and the entities will be allowed to move independently once again.

**Addendum 6366.01:** Interview 6366-1

Following the initial containment of SCP-6366-1 and SCP-6366-2, an interview was conducted with the entities to ascertain a possible origin of the anomalous properties they possess.

<details>
<summary>+ Access Interview Log 6366-1</summary>

> = **INTERVIEW LOG**

> **Date:** 9/2/2021

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Brackish

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6366-1, SCP-6366-2

> ~~-~~-

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *(The camera turns on. The view is of an Interview room, with a table in the middle of the room. On the right side of the table, sits Dr. Brackish with a pile of papers in front of him. On the left side of the table, SCP-6366-1 is standing, and SCP-6366-2 has propped itself up in a chair.)*

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** Hello SCP-6366-1 and SCP-6366-2, I'm here to conduct an interview.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** An interview? That could be interesting.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Oh don't get your hopes up Axel, these guys are like government officials or something. He's probably gonna ask us for a bunch of personal information.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Personal information? That's my least favorite kind of information to give out.

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** I just want to ask some questions.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Fine, whatever.

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** First, do you both have a name?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Well, I'm Axel.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** I'm Arsenio.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Hey, Arsenio. I just realized something.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** What's that?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Both our names start with the letter a.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** So?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Well I thought it was interesting.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** There's nothing interesting about that, it's just a stupid fact.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** I thought it was neat!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** You think everything's neat! You saw a catfish the other day and got excited!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Well of course I did, I eat catfish!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** You eat bichirs too! So why don't you come and eat me?

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 snaps its beak at SCP-6366-2)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Maybe I will!

> 

> **Dr. Brackish** Hey hey! Calm down. Let's just get through this interview, alright?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Fine.

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** Now, are you aware of your anomalous properties?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Anomalous?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Oh, you mean how we're drawn to each other?

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** And how you're sapient, and can talk.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Oh yeah. I always forget that's not normal.

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** Have you always been able to talk?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Oh no, not always. I was just a normal bichir at first, *(looks at SCP-6366-1)* until this guy came along.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Hey, I didn't do anything.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** You tried to eat me!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** I was hungry!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** You're always hungry!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** I was a juvenile!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** And you still act like one!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Oh shut up!

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** *(interrupting)* Wait wait, what did you mean by that?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Okay so basically, bird brain over here was trying to catch and eat me. Except for some reason he was flapping his wings and walking all weird when trying to.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** It was my first time hunting!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Oh pish posh! 

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Did... Did you just pish posh me?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Yes I did.

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 silently stares at SCP-6366-2)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** No, no don't do that. Don't do the staring thing.

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 moves its head closer to SCP-6366-2 and continues to stare)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** He does this all the time when he's upset. It's what shoebills do. They stare. It's easy to get him to stop though, watch this.

> 

> *(SCP-6366-2 takes a pencil off of the table and throws it at SCP-6366-1)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Hey!

> 

> *(SCP-6366-2 starts laughing)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Never gets old.

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** Yes, very funny. Can we get back to what you were saying?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Right right. Anyways, he was moving all funky, and all of a sudden we both started to glow, and we were thrown towards each other by some invisible force or some shit. So obviously, I got scared and swam away, it was pretty easy since Axel was all shocked out of his mind.

> 

>  *(SCP-6366-1 scoffs)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Anyways, all was well. I spent the next day swimming around. You know, doing bichir things. But suddenly, I once again got pulled by some invisible force, all the way to *(motions its fin towards SCP-6366-1)* this guy. When I went to squeal at him, instead I screamed. Apparently, we were able to talk.

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** Do you know why?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Well, what I think happened, is that while Axel was swinging around and playing twister or something, he accidentally performed some type of magic ritual, which bonded us together.

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** I see, interesting...

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Well it's less of an "interesting" and more of an "It's Axel's fault entirely".

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** My fault!?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Yes, your fault! You obviously bonded us together somehow! I'm not surprised either, you do stuff wrong all the time!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Yeah I know...

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** But really, it's not interesting, just annoying.

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** SCP-6366-1, is that your recollection of things?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** SC... what? Is that what you're calling me?

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** That is your official designation. Yours  *(motions to SCP-6366-2)* is SCP-6366-2.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Are we- Are we test subjects!? Arsenio, they're going to experiment on us!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Experiment!?

> 

> *(SCP-6366-2 jumps at SCP-6366-1, which catches it in its wings)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** You'll never take me alive!

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** No, no you're not test subjects, you're-

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** *(interrupting)* He's lying! Axel, get us out of here!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** On it!

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 grabs SCP-6366-2 in its beak and jumps onto the table, it then extends its wings and flies towards the door)*

> 

> **Dr. Brackish:** Guards!

> 

> *(Two armed security personnel quickly open the door, accidentally slamming the door into SCP-6366-1, knocking it backward. SCP-6366-1 loses its grip on SCP-6366-2, and both entities fall to the floor. The security personnel aim their weapons at both entities.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Shit.

> 

> **[END LOG]**

</details>

Following the interview, both entities were escorted to their containment cells. Upon being separated, both entities expressed panic, until they were notified that they would see each other daily, upon which the entities calmed down.

**Addendum 6366.02:** Incident 6366-1

On 9/25/2021, Site-225 experienced a site-wide containment breach, caused by a keter-class anomaly. During the containment breach, both SCP-6366-1 and SCP-6366-2's containment cells were compromised, and the doors to the cells were opened. The following set of events were recorded via security cameras and have been logged below.

<details>
<summary>+ Access Incident Log 6366-1</summary>

> = **INCIDENT LOG**

> **Date:** 9/25/2021

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *(Inside SCP-6366-1's cell, SCP-6366-1 is seen resting. Approximately 8 seconds later, containment breach alarms begin to blare. SCP-6366-1 wakes up and appears startled. Approximately 4 seconds later, the doors to its containment cell open. SCP-6366-1 looks around its cell, and then exits.)*

> 

> *(Inside SCP-6366-2's cell, SCP-6366-2 is seen swimming around. Approximately 8 seconds later, containment breach alarms begin to blare. SCP-6366-2 becomes startled and quickly swims into one of its hiding places, after which it pokes its head out. Approximately 5 seconds later, the doors to its containment cell open. SCP-6366-2 proceeds to swim to the top of its tank and climbs out. It then walks across the floor, and out of its cell.)*

> 

> *(In the corridor outside the containment cells, SCP-6366-1 and SCP-6366-2 are both seen exiting their cells. They look around, and notice each other.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Arsenio!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Axel! what the fuck is going on?

> 

> *(The two entities walk over to each other)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** I'm not sure, but I don't think they know that we got out.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Axel, do you know what this means?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Someone's not doing their job correctly?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** No! We can escape!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Escape? That's what you're thinking? Arsenio, we could have our own tour of this place! See what these people are all about! Maybe even find a lady shoebill.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** I- what? No. We're leaving, not going on tour.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Okay...

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Now pick me up and let's get out of here.

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 picks up SCP-6366-2 with its beak, and puts it on its back. SCP-6366-2 appears to hold on to SCP-6366-1 with its fins. SCP-6366-1 then begins walking down the corridor.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Why do you think we got out?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Maybe they made a mistake or something? Probably something to do with this constant blaring alarm.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Maybe they're having a lockdown drill.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** That doesn't explain why our doors opened though.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Hm... you're right. Maybe they're just stupid.

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 continues down the corridor until it reaches the end, upon which it splits into two corridors, one going right, and one going left.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Do we know where we're going?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** No. Take a left here.

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 continues into the left corridor.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Don't they like, have guards here?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Yes, but now we know they have guards, so we are prepared.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Prepared to do what?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** I don't know, you're the muscle.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Is that all I am to you? The muscle?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Oh shut up, you know what I meant.

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 continues down the corridor until it turns to the right. As SCP-6366-1 is about to turn, it notices E7-3 of MTF Eta-7 "Birds of Prey" with his back to SCP-6366-1. SCP-6366-1 frantically retreats back around the corner of the corridor.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** *(quietly)* There's a guard there!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** *(quietly)* So? You're the muscle, take him out!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Take him out? How do I do that?

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** I don't know, do something!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Okay, I'll try.

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 quietly makes its way around the corner and approaches E7-3. Once SCP-6366-1 is almost directly behind him, it moves to the right, and taps E7-3 on the left shoulder.)*

> 

> **E7-3:** Hm?

> 

> *(E7-3 looks to the left, upon which SCP-6366-1 comes in from the right and grabs E7-3's firearm with its beak. SCP-6366-1 attempts to take the firearm from E7-3, but E7-3 holds on. The two proceed to tug the weapon back and forth.)*

> 

> **E7-3:** Hey! 

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Give that to me!

> 

> *(SCP-6366-2 leaps off of SCP-6366-1's back and bites E7-3 on the nose. SCP-6366-2 latches on, dangling from E7-3's nose. E7-3 screams in pain.)*

> 

> **E7-3:** GET OFF MY FACE!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Yeah, get him Arsenio!

> 

> *(E7-3 attempts to pry SCP-6366-2 off of his face, but this only results in SCP-6366-2 biting down harder. E7-3 grunts in pain.)*

> 

> **E7-3:** Give me the gun!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** No!

> 

> **E7-3:** I said, give me the-

> 

> *(Suddenly, the left wall of the corridor shatters, causing E7-3 to fall back. SCP-6366-1 falls back as well, and SCP-6366-2 is flung onto the ground. After approximately 9 seconds, the dust from the wall settles, revealing [SCP-6773](SCP-6773).A large avian entity with ontokinetic, temporal, and transfiguration abilities. to have broken through the wall. E7-3 quickly recoils, and aims his firearm at SCP-6773.)*

> 

> **E7-3:** Freeze, bird!

> 

> *(SCP-6773 vocalizes at E7-3, and transfigurates him into an alarm clock.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Holy shit.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Looks like our time is up, Arsenio.

> 

> *(SCP-6773 notices the two entities, and vocalizes.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Don't worry, I got this. I took condor in community college.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** You didn't GO to community college!

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 stands up and clears its throat. It then proceeds to make several vocalizations, similar to those of several birds in the order Cathartiformes. SCP-6773 tilts its head, and begins to walk towards SCP-6366-1.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** No way.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** *(quietly)* It's working!

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 continues vocalizing. SCP-6773 continues to get closer to SCP-6366-1 until it is approximately 3 inches in front of its face. SCP-6366-1 then makes a singular quiet vocalization. SCP-6773 then extends its wings and makes a loud vocalization)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** I think you made him mad!

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 quickly picks up SCP-6366-2 with its beak and begins running away from SCP-6773. SCP-6366-2 climbs onto SCP-6366-1's back. SCP-6773 begins to give chase.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** You know, maybe I did!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** I knew you couldn't speak condor!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** I do speak condor! Just not very good.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Well, what did you tell him?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** I either told him that we mean him no harm, or that we're here to take his life.

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Well I wonder which one he interpreted it as!

> 

> *(SCP-6773 vocalizes and uses its ontokinetic abilities to throw debris towards the two entities.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Look out!

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 swiftly dodges the flying debris, and takes flight.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Is he chasing us?!

> 

> *(SCP-6366-2 looks backward to see SCP-6773 directly behind the two entities)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Yep! He's right there! Go faster!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Okay okay! Don't be so pushy!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** I'm allowed to be pushy! There's a killer bird chasing us!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Well you're stressing me out!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** I don't care! Fly faster!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** But these hallways are narrow! If I fly faster I might-

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** JUST SHUT UP AND FLY FA-

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 flies directly into a wall, where the corridor splits into two more corridors, one going to the left and one going to the right. SCP-6366-1 and SCP-6366-2 fall to the ground, while SCP-6773 catches up to them and stops in front of them. SCP-6366-1 and SCP-6366-2 slowly recoil, and begin to get up.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** *(grunts)* Great, now we're going to die.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** It's not my fault!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Well it certainly wasn't mine!

> 

> *(SCP-6773 vocalizes)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** You were stressing me out!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Of course I was! *(motions to SCP-6773)* Big Bird here was trying to fucking kill us!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Well you didn't have to shout at me!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** What else was I supposed to do?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** I don't know, maybe encourage me?

> 

> *(SCP-6773 vocalizes.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** We get it! You're going to kill us. Just get it over with!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** You know what, kill him first. *(motions towards SCP-6366-1)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** What? No! Kill him first! *(motions towards SCP-6366-2)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Of course you would try and get him to kill me first!

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** You literally just tried to get him to kill ME first!

> 

> **SCP-6366-2:** Of course I did! You were being an ass-

> 

> *(SCP-6773 quickly grabs SCP-6366-2 with its beak, and swallows the entity whole)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** ARSENIO!

> 

> *(SCP-6773 vocalizes at SCP-6366-1)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Arsenio. I didn't mean... *(looking towards SCP-6773)* You.

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 stares at SCP-6773.)*

> 

> *(SCP-6773 vocalizes at SCP-6366-1 and begins to run towards it. SCP-6366-1 does not move. SCP-6773 stops and cocks its head. SCP-6366-1 leans closer towards SCP-6773 and continues staring.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** You motherfucker. You'll pay for that.

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 vocalizes and flies into the air. It flies into SCP-6773 and bites its neck with its beak. SCP-6773 squawks, and bites into SCP-6366-1 several times. SCP-6366-1 grabs SCP-6773 with its feet, and lets go with its beak. SCP-6366-1 takes flight, and throws SCP-6773 into the wall.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** That's for Arsenio!

> 

> *(SCP-6773 recoils, and stands up. SCP-6773 takes flight and flies towards SCP-6366-1.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Shit.

> 

> *(SCP-6773 grabs SCP-6366-1 with its talons, lifting it up into the air. SCP-6366-1 continuously bites at SCP-6773's talons, attempting to break free, to no prevail. SCP-6773 flies down the corridor and throws SCP-6366-1 into the wall. SCP-6366-1 manages to recoil, and stands up, while SCP-6773 lands on the ground. SCP-6366-1 begins running towards SCP-6773. SCP-6773 uses its temporal abilities to instigate a time dilation on SCP-6366-1. SCP-6366-1 continues slowly moving towards SCP-6773, however, SCP-6773 is able to ram into SCP-6366-1. The time dilation dissipates, and SCP-6366-1 is thrown backward, landing on its back. SCP-6773 runs up and jumps onto SCP-6366-1, digging its talons into its skin. SCP-6366-1 screams, and headbutts SCP-6773, knocking it off of it. SCP-6366-1 stands up.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Fuck you, come and get me!

> 

> *(SCP-6366-1 turns around and begins running down the corridor. SCP-6773 vocalizes and flies into the air, beginning to give chase to SCP-6366-1. SCP-6773 chases SCP-6366-1 throughout the wildlife containment zone for approximately 5 minutes, until SCP-6366-1 eventually comes across the alarm clock, which E7-3 was transfigurated into. SCP-6366-1 notices E7-3's firearm and picks it up with its feet. It aims it at the corner of the corridor. After approximately 5 seconds, SCP-6773 rounds the corner of the corridor, and SCP-6366-1 shoots at it, hitting its left wing. SCP-6773 falls to the ground.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Holy shit. I just shot a bird. Needless to say, I don't regret it.

> 

> *(SCP-6773 slowly stands up and vocalizes at SCP-6366-1. SCP-6366-1 shoots again, however, SCP-6773 instigates a time dilation on the bullet and steps away from it. SCP-6366-1 attempts to shoot again, however, the firearm reveals to be empty. SCP-6366-1 drops the firearm.)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Shit.

> 

> *(SCP-6773 begins moving towards SCP-6366-1. SCP-6366-1 extends its wings and puffs itself up. SCP-6773 begins running towards SCP-6366-1 and makes a drawn-out vocalization. SCP-6366-1 flaps its wings once, and too makes a drawn-out vocalization. Just before SCP-6773 reaches SCP-6366-1, SCP-6773 is shot in the leg from behind SCP-6366-1, and it falls to the ground. SCP-6366-1 turns around, and sees the entirety of MTF Eta-7 "Birds of Prey", which moves in towards SCP-6773.)*

> 

> **E7-Cap:** Four, take it out!

> 

> *(E7-4 shoots SCP-6773 with a tranquilizer, rendering it unconscious. The team moves in and examines SCP-6773.)*

> 

> **E7-1:** Cap, it's got two gunshot wounds.

> 

> **E7-Cap:** Five, contact Dr. Munn. 6773 needs medical attention.

> 

> **E7-5:** Roger that.

> 

> **E7-Cap:** Wait, two wounds? We only shot it once.

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Uh, that was me, sorry.

> 

> *(The entire team turns to look at SCP-6366-1.)*

> 

> **E7-2:** You're 6366-1, right?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Sure am.

> 

> **E7-2:** Where's dash two?

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** Arsenio? Oh. Um... the bird ate him...

> 

> **E7-2:** It ate him!?

> 

> **E7-5:** *(into her comm)* Command, we need Dr. Munn. 6773 is injured and has consumed 6366-2.

> 

> **Command:** Roger that. We're sending Munn in now. What's the status of the wildlife containment zone?

> 

> **E7-5:** It's cleared.

> 

> **Command:** Roger. Return SCP-6366-1 to its containment cell.

> 

> **E7-5:** Roger.

> 

> *(E7-5 gets up and walks over to SCP-6366-1)*

> 

> **SCP-6366-1:** *(sighs)* I just wanted to go on a tour.

> 

> **[END LOG]**

</details>

Following these events, Dr. Munn arrived at the scene and brought SCP-6773 to the wildlife medical ward, where she conducted several medical procedures on SCP-6773, saving its life. Dr. Munn also discovered an unconscious SCP-6366-2 inside SCP-6773's digestive system. SCP-6366-2 was saved through a surgical procedure, which both SCP-6773 and SCP-6366-2 survived. Once the containment breach ended, SCP-6366-1 was reunited with SCP-6366-2, and the two entities rejoiced. On 9/30/2021, SCP-6366-1 was awarded the Foundation Star for aiding in the recontainment of SCP-6773.

<< [SCP-6365](SCP-6365) | SCP-6366 | [SCP-6367](SCP-6367) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Shoebill.jpg

> **Author:** Emcc83

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Shoebill_jurong_bird_park_02.jpg

=====

=====

> **Filename:** Bichir.jpg

> **Author:** RoyalAce

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Senegal_bichir.jpg

=====
