.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

#u-blink-bar p:last-child::after {

    content: "";

    border-right: 1px solid black;

    animation: blink 1.5s infinite;

    position: relative;

    left: 1px;

}

 

@keyframes blink{

    to {

        opacity: .0;

    }

}

**Author:**  and 

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** A research team belonging to MTF Gamma-55 ("Starmen") is currently embedded within NASA and tasked with gaining information and sending it to Site-300-12's Para-Astronomy Department. All extranormal radio signals and soundwaves originating from SCP-6175 are to be recorded, translated and stored within Site-300-12's database. All mentions regarding anomalous phenomena surrounding the *Voyager 1* spacecraft are to be tracked and deleted by Foundation Webcrawler FIRESTORM.aic.

**Description:** SCP-6175 is the *Voyager 1* probe. Following an anomalous event on the 09/15/2022, SCP-6175 turned on an unauthorized and previously unknown video camera implanted to its disk, and gained contact with a NASA research team within the Marshall Spacial Flight Center, in Alabama, for the next 5 months. During the spanned amount of time, SCP-6175 underwent several anomalous phenomena.

See Addendum 6175.1 for additional information regarding the timeline of events.

---

## {{**Addendum 6175.1:**}} Timeline of Events

<details>
<summary>+ Open Addendum</summary>

The following addendum includes a timeline of events regarding SCP-6175's autonomous behavior and additional anomalous phenomena.

> **09/15/2022 - 09/28/2022:** *Voyager 1* begins broadcasting footage of Neptune while gaining contact with NASA researchers.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** None.

> **09/28/2022 - 09/30/2022:** NASA researchers report contact loss with SCP-6175 for unknown reasons. Hypothesis regarding the impact of the *Voyager 1* probe with another object were brought up, although quickly discarded. Research team was successfully infiltrated by MTF Gamma-55.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** SCP-6175's camera was reported to be shifting and vibrating prior to loss of contact. Following this event, SCP-6175 regained contact with the research team.

> **09/30/2022 - 10/22/2022:** SCP-6175 is hypothesized to be teleported to an unknown location, believed to be the Boötes void, otherwise known as [SCP-3200](SCP-3200). The object is reported to be rotating constantly. No soundwaves, celestial bodies or astros are recorded during said amount of time. 

> 

> **Additional Notes:** SCP-6175 was reported to be vibrating or shifting occasionally in an aggresive way for the following weeks.

> ##red|**3 superfluous logs removed for brevity.**##

> **10/31/2022 - 11/01/2022:** First contact between SCP-6175 and a foreign object within its proximity. Object reported to take the form of an antenna, similar to that of the *Voyager* diagram. 

> 

> **Additional Notes:** The antenna was reported to be mangled and deteriorated.

> ##red|**5 superfluous logs removed for brevity.**##

> **11/01/2022 - 11/08/2O22:** Second contact between SCP-6175 and another object, reported to be a paper note. Object was zoomed in by SCP-6175's camera in order to be identified. The following note read:

> 

> Voyager did things no one predicted, found scenes no one expected, and promises to outlive its inventors. Like a great painting or an abiding institution, it has acquired an existence of its own, a destiny beyond the grasp of its handlers.

> 

> -- *Stephen J. Pyne*

> 

> **Additional Notes:** The note remained floating for a week before vanishing. It was unable to deteriorate.

> **11/08/2022 - 11/28/2022:** NASA computers reported radio signals originating from SCP-6175's satellite dish, which were identified to be morse code. The signals were translated into English, and the anomaly was reported to be the lyrics of "Space Oddity", by David Bowie.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** A loud hum of the song's instrumental was heard throughout the assigned NASA facility, followed by human footsteps.

> ##red|**7 superfluous logs removed for brevity.**##

> **12/03/2022 - 12/31/2022:** SCP-6175 is seen advancing on a straight line at high speeds, several parts of itself splitting and traveling faster than the anomaly. The separate parts follow SCP-6175 regardless of their status. SCP-6175 progressively emits a large amount of radio signals throughout the mentioned span of time, translated from morse code into the message from the note recollected last month.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** The separate parts were reported to be deteriorated.

> **12/31/2022 - 01/14/2023:** SCP-6175 stops, before broadcasting static for the following 2 weeks.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** None. Radio signals were sent to the research team, translated as human shouting and crying.

> **01/14/2023 - 02/12/2023:** SCP-6175 makes contact once again with its research team. During this span of time, several paper notes with stars and planets inscribed into them began spawning around SCP-6175.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** One of the notes was said to have several drawings, with one doodle resembling three individuals, though one shorter than the others, inscribed into them. SCP-6175 sent several radio signals, similar to illegible human vocalizations.

Following the last log, no anomalous phenomena spawned within SCP-6175's proximity. The anomaly was then reclassified by the 6175-assigned team as neutralized.

</details>

---

## {{**Addendum 6175.2:**}} Incident Log

<details>
<summary>+ Open Addendum</summary>

On the 02/04/2025, a few months prior to the end of the *Voyager 1*'s mission, several radio signals were sent to a NASA facility kept within Cape Canaveral. Most of the sent radio signals, proceeding from SCP-6175 itself, were illegible but able to be stored, with only one of them was translated and kept within the facility's database until discovery by MTF Gamma-55:

> I love you. And I always will.

Following this event, the *Voyager 2* probe began sending meaningless radio signals to the NASA station at Cape Canaveral, before turning off once againThe *Voyager 2* already ended its mission by the time the signals were sent.. SCP-6175 later broadcasted the Boötes Void, before the *Voyager 2* satellite, therefore designated as SCP-6175-1, appeared within SCP-6175's surroundings. 

Additionally, a radio signal proceeding from SCP-6175-1 was sent to the facility at Cape Canaveral:

> I love you too, dear. It's time to come back home.

SCP-6175 reclassified to Euclid. Attempts to recover SCP-6175 and SCP-6175-1 are currently ongoing.

</details>

<< [SCP-6174](SCP-6174) | SCP-6175 | [SCP-6176](SCP-6176) >>
