:root{

/* ~~ TITLES ~~ */

     --header-title: "AQUATIC ANOMALIES";

}

@@ @@

 by [DodoDevil](dodo-s-den-of-declassified-delights)

@@ @@

SCP-6559

---

@@ @@

### Special Cruise/Expedition Parameters:

---

In order to ascertain the events responsible for SCP-6559 and determine the new location of [SCP-6247](SCP-6247), a joint expeditionary operation has been approved by [Site-184's](secure-facility-dossier-site-184) Aquatic Anomalies Department and the SCP Foundation Naval Command.

Johanah Pollman, Captain of the *SCPS Jeannette,* has been given command over this expedition. Captian Pollman and *Jeannette*'s crew have been assigned to monitor SCP-6247 movement, undertake salvage operations to recover potentially anomalous materials and/or sensitive data, and determine the cause of SCP-6247's ongoing movement.

@@ @@

### Description:

---

SCP-6559 tentatively denotes the undetermined cause(s) of SCP-6247's movement from the seafloor of the North-West Atlantic along its current trajectory towards the Arctic Circle, which is ongoing as of 03/05/2022. This movement has been continuous, rapid, and consistently northward.

Due to the difference between this event and SCP-6247's established anomalous properties, it has been assigned an SCP designation until more information is acquired.

Relevant information on SCP-6247 prior to this phenomena follows:

###### [SCP-6247](SCP-6247) -- Summarized Description:

---

SCP-6247 designates a structure typically residing on the Atlantic seafloor, stationed near the Eastern coast of Canada. The structure is known to de/re-manifest at inconsistent intervals and is hypothesized to exist in a state of flux between an unconfirmed number of realities. Consequently, the physical dimensions and precise location of the structure vary. At times, physical materials and debris are expelled from the structure and have been acquired and contained at Site-184 for further study.

Further relevant information concerning the SCP-6559 Expedition will be amended to the following log:

@@ @@

---

### SCP-6559 Expeditionary Log:

---

@@ @@

**Update: 06/05/2022**

{{**AUTOMATED EXPEDITION REPORT:**}}

{{POSITION: 50°28'51.2"N 48°30'00.5"W}}

{{WEATHER: Clear Skies -- Windspeed: 18.2 kts}}

{{SAILING CONDITIONS: Nominal}}

---

During its traversal northward, a segment of SCP-6247 appeared to break away from the primary structure and settled on the seafloor at a depth of -4,200 m. The *SCPS Jeannette* rendezvoused at the corresponding location at sea level and began salvage operations.

An unmanned, deep-sea submersible was remotely piloted to examine the component of SCP-6247 and retrieve any relevant material(s) for further study. As the drone descended, its searchlights revealed a damaged structure that appeared to have been sheered from a larger facility. Access to the interior was provided via an aperture resembling an airlock. The structure itself was flooded, but displayed minimal internal water damage. The architectural style featured large metallic elements and non-functioning digital displays were integrated into many of the walls.

The area explored contained a series of exoskeletal dive suits and an assortment of conventional and esoteric weaponry, that were retrieved by the submersible for further study. These suits were specialized for deep-sea combat: resistant to atmospheric pressures up to -6,000 m and featuring integrated, omnidirectional, water-jet-propulsion, aquatic movement suites. The recovered weaponry universally enhanced the capabilities of human hand-to-hand combat and included an assortment of piston-powered pneumatic devices worn on the user's forearm, capable of generating and displacing electrostatic charges, and mundane implements including brass knuckles and boxing gloves. No bladed weapons, firearms, or elastic-projectile armaments were recovered.

@@ @@

#### * Communications Transcript

= *06/05/2022*

---

**Foreword:** The following transcript recounts a conversation between Cpt. Pollman, *SCPS Jeannette's* and Dr. Lawrence, *Site-184, Foundation Naval Command, Office of Naval Intelligence.* The conversation was recorded following the recovery and analysis of previously mentioned SCP-6247-affiliate materials.

---

**Dr. Lawrence:** We've had people scrubbing through everything we have on SCP-6247. The information you've sent back has helped fill in the picture, but so far we don't have any definite leads. We got in touch with Site-120, and they've confirmed what we expected: the shifting in-and-out of our reality previously displayed by SCP-6247 wasn't thaumaturgic or ontokinetic in nature.

**Cpt. Pollman:** Meaning we aren't likely to be dealing with any magic bullshit. That's good right, all things considered?

**Dr. Lawrence:** Maybe. We do have a tentative theory. You're not going to like it though.

**Cpt. Pollman:** Nothing new there. Hit me with it.

**Dr. Lawrence:** We think the anomaly may be narrative in nature: SCP-6247 isn't shifting through physical dimensions, but rapidly oscillating through different stories.

**Cpt. Pollman:** This some phata stuff? 'I never meta-narrative I didn't like, and all that?'

**Dr. Lawrence:** Not exactly, we don't have reason to think it's playing with meta-narrative layers, at least not at the moment. Our best comparison is that it's behaving analogous to a setting, under some specific parameters.

**Cpt. Pollman:** Meaning?

**Dr. Lawrence:** Well, look at the suits you've recovered. Those are some high-tech pieces of hardware, designed for a very particular and inflexible purpose. Despite this, every single one seems unworn and unused: no wear and tear, no battle damage, no sign that anyone has ever been in them. SCP-6247's setting itself up for potential narrative action: the implication of some impending, heroic fight, but nothing that's been resolved. The stage is set, inviting something to happen -- so to speak.

We think SCP-6247's been bouncing between realities with narrative *potential.* Ones that can or will make use of it. Its ambiguous shape and form are representative of its attempts to suit various stories, or maybe reflective of their influence on it.

**Cpt. Pollman:** So let's say I buy into this, how's it relate to what's going on now? Why's SCP-6247 moving north?

**Dr. Lawrence:** Well, in this framework SCP-6247's been shifting between narratives, inviting them to act upon it. We think that is what's going on with it now. We don't know what purpose it was meant to serve *here.* But our hypothesis is that something, some existing narrative actor ~~ either from our reality or one it brought along with it ~~ affected it. It's been swept up into some unfolding narrative.

**Cpt. Pollman:** So the Office of Naval *Intelligence* is sending us after it?

---

@@ @@

**Update: 14/05/2022**

{{**AUTOMATED EXPEDITION REPORT:**}}

{{POSITION: 80°44'07.7"N 67°09'54.9"W}}

{{WEATHER: Fog Warning -- Windspeed: 4.6 kts}}

{{SAILING CONDITIONS: Limited Visibility, Severe Cold}}

---

As SCP-6247 continued moving northward, the *SCPS Jeannette* persued. Another segment of SCP-6247 was determined to have detached within the Nares Strait: between Greenland and Nunavut, Canada. Salvage operations commenced when the Foundation vessel arrived at the location.

Remote observation determined what was initially assumed to be a single independent segment of SCP-6247 was in fact two separate components:

* The larger structure appeared to be a shuttle bay for modified, early 20th-century bathyspheres. Each docking space hosted an individual vehicle, all of which appear capable of self-propulsion via a series of propellers, but require individual tethers to the structure for power and oxygen. Notably, these vehicles and the shuttle bay itself display artistic forms consistent with the "Art Deco" artistic and architectural movement of the 1930s: featuring layered and symmetrical repetitions of geometric shapes, streamlined forms, and heavy usage of gold and brass ornamentation. A stylized motif embossed on one wall read:

---

## ##b8860b|♆ - **SITE-72** - ♆##

###### ###daa520|ABYSSUS CUSTODIENS SUB LUMINE##

---

* The secondary structure appeared to function as a vertical, aquatic farm. Various types of plant matter ranging from tubers to leafy greens were recovered, although much of the vegetation had been consumed by local sea life. The architectural stylings of this segment differ from those hitherto encountered: the physical layout adheres to the design philosophy and architectural stylings of modern, purpose-built Foundation laboratories. Key-card access panels, computer terminals, and mounted signage additionally mirror those found in contemporary Foundation facilities. The room was marked with the following identifier, featuring what appears to be a standard Foundation Site Identification Code:

---

### ##FFFFFF|{{NWATDS-SITE-72:}}##

#### ##228b22|{{AQUATIC HORTICULTURE DEPARTMENT}}##

---

No known Foundation facility shares this numeral designation and identification code.

@@ @@

#### * Communications Transcript

= *14/05/2022*

---

**Foreword:** Following the recovery of the submersible vehicles and the transfer of relevant data to the SCP Foundation Office of Naval Intelligence and the Site-184 Aquatic Anomalies Department, Captain Pollman contacted Dr. Lawrence to consult on the parameters of their continued expedition. The following is a select transcript of their conversation:

---

**Dr. Lawrence:** Two distinct architectural styles and technological apperati -- three actually, If you include the advanced technology you recovered at the last spot. Suppose that lends some credence to our theory.

**Cpt. Pollman:** Or it means they couldn't decide on a contractor.

**Dr. Lawrence:** What, not a fan of the hypothesis?

**Cpt. Pollman:** Frankly, I don't care either way -- as long as we know it's not going to pose a risk to the crew. I just don't want us to lose sight of what's going on here. If you're right about this, what does that change on our end?

**Dr. Lawrence:** Not much, at least for your expeditionary parameters. We still need to find the main structure of SCP-6247 and try to determine the cause of its behavioural change. If it's responding to some narrative influence or actor, it's important we establish its relation to the Foundation. We're worried it could be antagonistic, given the state of SCP-6247; but due to the nature of the anomaly what we're seeing might just as easily be the result of something beneficial.

**Cpt. Pollman:** Fail to see how that's the case.

**Dr. Lawrence:** Well ~~ sticking with the narrative framework ~~ we've been dealing with the setting: where stories, varied ones at that it seems, would have taken place. But we haven't encountered any people, or actors I should say. No one with the agency to *affect* that story.

**Cpt. Pollman:** So, are you hoping to find people alive down there?

**Dr. Lawrence:** Not likely, given the circumstances around it. Between the pressure, depth, and structural damage we've noticed, it's more likely you'll find some account of what happened: a note or a message, something cliched.

**Cpt. Pollman:** I can work with that; we've got some sharp eyes here.

**Dr. Lawrence:** And uh, this may seem like an odd request, but...

**Cpt. Pollman:** I'm listening.

**Dr. Lawrence:** Well, we're wondering if you can try to track any unusual occurrences: mechanical problems, odd crew members' dreams, phantasmal apparitions. We're just trying to determine what sort of narrative may be at work here.

**Cpt. Pollman:** Phantasm-- You're asking me to be on the lookout for ghosts?

**Dr. Lawrence:** Just, well anything that might fit certain tropes; things you may associate with doo-- Uh, arctic expeditions.

**Cpt. Pollman:** Were you about to say fucking *"doomed?"*

@@ @@

**Update: 23/05/2022**

{{**AUTOMATED EXPEDITION REPORT:**}}

{{POSITION: 83°52'35.8"N 63°12'15.9"W}}

{{WEATHER: Clear Skies ~~ Windspeed: 29.2 kts ~~ High Wind Warning}}

{{SAILING CONDITIONS: Occasional Ice Obstructions, High Wind, Extreme Cold}}

---

The *SCPS Jeannette*'s progress northward slowed, as the vessel entered increasingly frozen and semi-frozen waters. Concerns were raised that SCP-6247 would progress too far beneath the polar ice cap for the vessel to effectively pursue, but on 20/05/2022 the anomaly's movement stopped. An intercept course was established and approved, and *SCPS Jeannette*'s expedition continued.

Following a successful rendezvous, the crew disembarked and prepared unmanned submersible vehicles for salvage operations.

Previously submersed searchlights illuminated the structure, revealing the majority of SCP-6247 resided in this current location. The facility appeared to be in a state of disarray, with numerous critical failures to its integrity: various sections terminated abruptly, with rooms and corridors displaying extensive physical damage.

Remote exploration of the facility showed it was composed of interconnected rooms, featuring inconsistent architectural stylings. Each area frequently included a textual identifier on its entrance or interior. A selection include:

ROOM DESCRIPTION:

RECOVERED ITEM(S):

**"Deep Sea Site-72 -- Central Server:"** This room contained a series of servers and data storage devices interfacing with a central computational node. Extensive wiring was visible, running along the walls, ceiling, and floor.  

A laptop was retrieved from a desk within the room. Following dehydration and restoration, personnel were capable of powering up the laptop. Doing so revealed a screen requesting "Site-72 User Credentials," and featured a stylized human face, self-identifying as "Neptune.aic."

**"Aquatic Acroamatic Abatement:"** A large mechanical space, consisting of an extensive piping network. Examination suggests the space was used to decontaminate seawater exposed to anomalous entities and substances. A secondary system appears to function as a desalination plant.

In addition to technical manuals, a non-fiction text on Canadian history and a copy of Samin Nosrat's *Salt Fat Acid Heat* cookbook were acquired. The word "Salt" had been circled on the front cover in permanent marker.

**[Unlabeled Gallery/Hobby Space]:** A smaller room featuring a series of shelves, each displaying a miniature wooden ship within a glass bottle. A table, chair, and light were positioned opposite. An adjacent bathroom was marked "Gents."

Crafting supplies, lubricant, a model replica of the [*https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bluenose Bluenose]: a celebrated 1920s-40s Canadian racing schooner.

**"The Canteen:"** A common space featuring wooden paneling and furniture, and a large bar area including numerous unlabeled glass bottles. The room included an upright player piano and wall decor including late 19th century firearms and the taxidermied head of a great white shark.

Several of the aforementioned weapons, a deck of playing cards recovered from one of the tables, and a large hunting knife. Attempts to remove the shark head from the wall failed.

**"Low-Risk, Deep-Sea Anomaly Containment"** Composed of numerous glass tanks and aquariums arranged in a pentagon. This facility appeared responsible for containing various biological oceanic entities. At the time of discovery, the entities within the tanks appeared uniformly dead. Several of the tanks had ruptured from the inside.

A necropsy on several of the aquatic lifeforms ~~ most frequently resembling unidentified deep-sea fish and organisms ~~ revealed that while many had been killed by rapid changes in atmospheric pressure and temperature, several had been preyed upon by an unknown entity/entities. This included large organisms recovered, such as an unknown species of dolphin-like creature.

For additional information, please view:

[# SCP-6559 Expedition: Comprehensive Recovery Log]

At no point during the examination did the team encounter living persons, the remains of humanoid individuals, or information detailing potential causes of the anomaly's behavior. Additionally, much of the structure appeared unused: items were stored securely, food and drink containers appeared unopened, and little waste or debris was discovered -- aside from that presumably dislodged by the site's movement through the environment.

After a period of 7 hours, personnel had successfully mapped the entirety of the structure and acquired various materials for further study. The submersible returned to the surface, and plans for subsequent testing and examination were initiated.

@@ @@

**Update: 24/05/2022**

{{**AUTOMATED EXPEDITION REPORT:**}}

{{POSITION: 83°52'35.8"N 63°12'15.9"W}}

{{WEATHER: Light Snowfall -- Windspeed: 18.4 kts}}

{{SAILING CONDITIONS: Occasional Ice Obstructions, Severe Cold}}

---

Additional examinations of SCP-6247 were undertaken. However, no additional anomalous properties were uncovered, nor was any indication of living or dead personnel stationed within the structure acquired. Further examination is pending approval from Foundation Naval Command.

#### * Communications Transcript

= *24/05/2022*

---

**Foreword:** After the second day of SCP-6247's examination concluded, Captain Pollman contacted Dr. Lawrence to determine whether any additional information had been deduced from transferred data. The following is a select transcript of their conversation:

---

**Dr. Lawrence:** So after all that, nothing? No indication of why it ended up here or notes left for us to find?

**Cpt. Pollman:** Nothing yet, we'll keep looking, but our initial reports seem to suggest SCP-6247 was uninhabited: no sign of anyone having been there, no long-lost ghosts either. For the record, the crew says they've been sleeping soundly, and no one's gone missing or jumped overboard either.

**Dr. Lawrence:** Suppose that puts a snag in the narrative theory.

**Cpt. Pollman:** Seems like it. Can't say I'm surprised. Sometimes weird shit might just be weird shit.

**Dr. Lawrence:** Well, damn. I mean, I'm glad that you're all doing alright. But it really seemed like we had something there, you know?

**Cpt. Pollman:** Uh, uh-hu...

**Dr. Lawrence:** It seemed to fit the bill: the place was looking for a narrative, we send you folks in to uncover the story. You'd have expected it to at least leave a note, some sort of warning or indication, for whatever force was at work to offer a conclusion here.

**Cpt. Pollman:** Hey Lawrence--

*A dull cracking sound is audible in the background.*

**Dr. Lawrence:** I suppose that's what we get for jumping to conclusions. Oh, sorry, what were you saying?

**Cpt. Pollman:** What if we were wrong about why we were here?

**Dr. Lawrence:** What do you mean?

**Cpt. Pollman:** You've been assuming that SCP-6247's the primary focus of this narrative, or at least our relation to it...

**Dr. Lawrence:** Yes, and?

*The cracking sound increases in intensity, followed by what resembles glass shattering. An alarm begins to blare, but it drowned out by a deep, reverberating roar*

**Cpt. Pollman:** I think you might have been wrong.

*At this moment, the communication line between the* SCPS Jeannette *and Site-184 is lost.*

---

### * CAMERA FEED:

= *24/05/2022*

---

**Camera Location:** *SCPS Jeannette,* exterior bow, forward facing.

---

*The camera's feed shows a barren expanse of ice. The vessel is stationary, with disembarked crewmembers finalizing field research on the left-hand portion of the frame.*

*An impact emerging from beneath the ice sheet dislodges the top layer of snow, propelling it into the air and obscuring visibility. Disembarked Foundation personnel appear stunned and contact the vessel.*

*A second impact causes the ice to visually fragment, a fissure approximately 100m long emerges perpendicular to the vessel. Disembarked personnel leave their research materials as they hastily flee towards the* SCPS Jeannette.

*A third impact causes the ice to shatter. As it does so, an entity rises from below: a [massive crocodilian maw](war-on-all-fronts-hub) pushes up through the ice approximately 60m from the vessel. Displaced water droplets freeze in the air, falling in a rain of sleet and hail. The immense, trunk-like upper portion of the entity continues emerging, further splintering the ice. Five, enormous, clawed arms arise, rapidly shoving through the fracture towards the* SCPS Jeannette. *More of the entity's body becomes visible as it propels itself forward. Towards its rear, a tentacle shoots out from beneath the ice, seizing an all-terrain vehicle attempting to flee, and pulling it into the water. The entity's mouth opens as it roars, causing visible reverberations through the displaced water in the atmosphere. Its bulk occupies most of the visual frame as it lurches towards the vessel.*

*The camera feed cuts out.*

@@ @@

# ##red|EMERGENCY NOTICE:##

---

As of 24/05/2022, all attempts to contact the *SCPS Jeannette* have failed. The vessel is presumed lost with all hands. The Foundation Naval Command is aware of and preparing a response to the emergent threat responsible.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6558](SCP-6558) | SCP-6559 | [SCP-6560](SCP-6560) >>

=====

> **Filename:** breaker1.jpg

> **Name:** NASA’s BARREL Mission Launches 20 Balloons

> **Author:** NASA Goddard Space Flight

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/gsfc/8759444670/

> **Filename:** survey1.jpg

> **Name:** Retrieving the CTD:Rosette

> **Author:** NASA Goddard Space Flight

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/gsfc/7348328704/in/album-72157630073256414/

> **Filename:** Ice1.jpg

> **Name:** Mapping an Ice Station

> **Author:** NASA Goddard Space Flight

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/gsfc/7348329360/in/album-72157630073256414/

=====
