**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6256 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██. The walls of the cell are to be padded to prevent the entity from injuring itself. Its vital signs are to be monitored at all times. In addition, a surveillance system with 24-hour monitoring is to be installed. Any personnel entering the cell must be wearing full body protection with no skin exposed. Addendum (January 11, 2011): SCP-6256 is to be allowed to keep non-hazardous objects such as books and magazines inside the cell provided its behavior is good. Addendum (November 18, 2021): If good behavior is sustained, SCP-6256 will occasionally be allowed to take supervised walks around the facility, provided it is wearing full body protection with no skin exposed for the duration of the walk.

**Description:** SCP-6256 is an incorporeal entity capable of entering and assuming control over the bodies of live humans. It lacks the ability to enter the bodies of nonhuman entities. How it came across its first host is unknown, but when the entity feels the need to take control over a new host, it can do so by forcing its current vessel to make physical contact with another human being, during which it can move between the two bodies. When the entity leaves a host's body for a new vessel, it loses control over the body until it reenters. Despite this, it seems that former hosts retain a connection with SCP-6256 even after it exits them. In the event that its current host dies, it automatically returns to its previous living host. Individuals who have been inhabited by the entity in the past are also able to instinctively recognize when another person is under its influence, though they may not be consciously aware of it.

SCP-6256 does not always exert control over its current host. It is capable of resigning control to the host, but may also retake control at any time. Subjects typically lose consciousness while under SCP-6256's influence, and when they awaken upon being given back control, they often appear disoriented and cannot remember events that occurred while they were being manipulated. Those affected by SCP-6256 often lose consciousness. When awoken, they appear disoriented and report no memory of events occurring during possession. In rare cases, they may retain consciousness, though the specific circumstances and motivations that prompt these instances are unknown even to the entity itself.

SCP-6256 was first discovered by the Foundation on August 26, 2007 in ██████, Pennsylvania, USA. Foundation personnel were deployed to the area when an abnormal number of residents began to report gaps in their memory. Upon interviewing some of the afflicted townspeople, personnel discovered that those suffering memory less would also occasionally experience an inexplicable feeling of dread upon looking at certain people. When personnel were finally able to track down the entity and attempted to take it in for questioning, it killed its current host by slashing its own throat with a pocket knife. After regaining control over its previous host, it escaped the area, and the Foundation, being unaware of the nature of its abilities, lost track of the entity until August 30, 2010. During the time its whereabouts were unknown, SCP-6256 came across a Foundation researcher, Dr. Marino, while she was off-duty and assumed control of her body. It proceeded to lie dormant within her for several months, observing her daily life and her job at the Foundation while she was unaware of its presence. It was not until Dr. Marino was called to interview a person who had been involved in the earlier town case that any anomalous influence was detected on her. When the townsperson reacted to SCP-6256's presence, it took control of Dr. Marino's body and attempted to leave the facility, but was detained by Foundation personnel before it could do so. The other Foundation researchers who had been following the case used the townspeople's testimonies and what they had observed of the entity to determine its abilities, and the entity was secured along with its host. To avoid the loss of a high-ranking personnel member, the Foundation entered negotiations with SCP-6256 in order to find it an alternative host. While the entity was initially uncooperative, after months of deliberation, it eventually relented to the Foundation's requests. It was then transferred to a Class-D personnel known as D-4342.

**Addendum:** The following is a series of video log transcripts relating to SCP-6256.

---

**Transcript 1**

**Date:** January 7, 2011

[BEGIN LOG]

*D-4342 is seated on the bed of SCP-6256's containment cell. He is staring at the floor. It has been three days since he was made the new host of SCP-6256.*

**D-4342:** I know you're in there.

*A moment passes. D-4342 raises his right arm and taps his forehead.*

**D-4342:** You can come out. It's not like I can do anything to you.

*D-4342 lowers his arm and falls silent. He lies down and remains motionless for roughly four hours. It is believed that SCP-6256 was in control during this period. D-4342 then sits back up.*

**D-4342:** That was awfully rude.

*D-4342's expression abruptly changes to one of shock. When he resumes speaking, his speech patterns are noticeably different from before.*

**SCP-6256:** You were conscious?

**D-4342:** Why wouldn't I be? You wasted hours of my time just now.

**SCP-6256:** That should not be possible. Out of all the hosts I have taken, none have ever remained conscious while I was exerting control over their bodies. In the event I relinquished control, they would be unaware of anything that happened while I was active. How are you able to remain conscious?

**D-4342:** Wait wait wait, slow down. The Foundation folks didn't actually explain much before handing me over to you. Most of what I know about the situation we're in comes from when I was listening to conversations you had with the scientists. Anyway, you said "hosts"? How many people have you possessed?

**SCP-6256:** If I satisfy your questions, will you answer mine?

**D-4342:** Sure, sure. When I'm done asking I'd be glad to answer any of your questions. Seeing as we're stuck with each other, we might as well get along.

[END LOG]

---

**Interview 1**

**Date:** January 10, 2011

[BEGIN LOG]

*The interview is located in a room divided in two by a glass window. Dr. Marino and Dr. Teagan are seated at a table on one side of the room while D-4342 sits in a chair on the opposing side.*

**Dr. Teagan:** Okay, I think we're ready to start. Dr. Marino, I'd like to hear you describe what you feel right now looking at D-4342.

**Dr. Marino:** Uneasy. It's difficult to put into words, but there's this vague sense of discomfort I feel while looking at him, even though I know the door on his end of the room is locked and being guarded.

**Dr. Teagan:** I see. So this feeling occurs regardless of whether you know that you're safe?

**Dr. Marino:** Correct.

**Dr. Teagan:** Alright. SCP-6256, I'd like you to take control of D-4342's body.

**D-4342:** You heard her. Come on out.

*A moment passes, during which Dr. Marino grimaces.*

**SCP-6256:** Well? You have my attention.

**Dr. Teagan:** Good, very good. I'd like you to stay with us until I say otherwise. Dr. Marino, do you feel any different now?

**Dr. Marino:** The feeling is still there, but it's more intense now. It's illogical, but I might even describe it as fear.

**Dr. Teagan:** So the sensation is stronger when the entity is in control than when it's dormant?

**Dr. Marino:** Yes. I believe we can rule out the possibility that it's pretending to be D-4342. It also likely means D-4342 is telling the truth when he says that he's able to remain conscious while the entity is in control.

**Dr. Teagan:** Thank you for your input, Dr. Marino, and thank you for your cooperation, SCP-6256. You may relinquish control to D-4342.

*SCP-6256 sighs before falling silent. Dr. Marino's facial expression relaxes slightly.*

**D-4342:** Is it normally difficult?

**Dr. Teagan:** Quite. It took months of back-and-forth for it to become the least bit cooperative. I take it you heard our conversation?

**D-4342:** Yeah, I did.

**Dr. Marino:** I have to say, you seem to be taking your current situation rather well. I know we didn't give you much of a choice.

**D-4342:** Well, I can't exactly be picky considering my position.

**Dr. Teagan:** I'd like to ask you a few questions now, D-4342. Firstly, do you know how you're able to retain consciousness while SCP-6256 is in control?

**D-4342:** Nah, I've got no clue. It just kind of happens.

**Dr. Teagan:** I expected as much. Can you describe how it feels when the entity possesses you?

**D-4342:** It feels kind of weird? I lose the ability to move on my own, but my body keeps moving without my input. I'm still awake through all of it, though. I can also kind of feel its presence whether it's currently in control or not.

**Dr. Teagan:** Interesting. And are you able to resist when it takes control?

**D-4342:** No. It happens whether I want it to or not. I don't get back control of my body unless it chooses to give it back. Actually, this is going to sound strange, but I'm glad for its company more often than not. Being alone in a cell all day is pretty boring. To be honest, it's kind of like a roommate to me.

**Dr. Teagan:** I have to say, you're quite the remarkable subject. It's as though we've found the perfect host for the entity.

**D-4342:** Uh, thanks?

**Dr. Teagan:** That will be all. You will be escorted back to your containment chamber. Thank you for your cooperation.

**D-4342:** Wait, one more thing before I go. Is it okay if I get to have some books in my cell? I feel like both SCP-6256 and I could use the activity.

**Dr. Teagan:** We'll consider it.

[END LOG]

---

**Transcript 2**

**Date:** July 13, 2011

[BEGIN LOG]

*D-4342 is seated on the bed in SCP-6256's containment chamber. He is currently reading a book provided by the Foundation for good behavior.*

**D-4342:** You know, I just realized that I don't know your name.

**SCP-6256:** Why do you want to know?

**D-4342:** Are you kidding me? I've been your host for a while now. I think we're close enough that we should at least know each other's names.

**SCP-6256:** If you are so concerned about that, you can tell me yours first. I know that your name is not actually D-4342.

**D-4342:** Oh, right, I guess I never told you my name, either. I don't exactly have much use for it around here seeing as the personnel only call me by my number. It's Kevin.

**SCP-6256:** Your name is Kevin. What an average name.

**D-4342:** Is that a problem?

**SCP-6256:** No, it is not. I am simply stating a fact.

**D-4342:** Okay then. Anyway, what about you? I know you're not just a number, either.

*SCP-6256 is silent for a long moment.*

**SCP-6256:** Truth be told, I cannot remember.

**D-4342:** You can't remember your own name?

**SCP-6256:** I have been alive for so many years and taken on so many identities that I can only vaguely remember the details of my first life. I know that I was once an average human like you, and that I became the way I am now through an experiment, but not much else.

**D-4342:** That sucks. Do you even remember your gender?

**SCP-6256:** I do not. Besides, regardless of my original gender, I am beyond such things now.

**D-4342:** Huh. Well, calling you by a number feels weird, so how about I give you a new name?

**SCP-6256:** Why do you care?

**D-4342:** Because you're a person. Numbers are the kinds of things given to objects, not people. The Foundation calls us by numbers to dehumanize us. They don't want to acknowledge that we're human because then they'd feel bad about having us locked up here. Maybe they can do that to soothe their conscience, but I won't. I've known you long enough now that I think I can call you a friend, so I want to do better.

*SCP-6256 retakes control and a bemused expression crosses its face.*

**SCP-6256:** I am not a human nor am I your friend; however, if this truly bothers you so much, then do what you want. I do not care.

**D-4342:** Awesome! In that case, I think I'll call you...

*D-4342 pauses a few moments while thinking.*

**D-4342:** Jordan.

**SCP-6256:** Why Jordan?

**D-4342:** It was the first name that popped into my head. Plus it can be a guy or a girl's name, which is convenient since we don't know your gender. Besides, I think it fits you well enough. Is that alright?

**SCP-6256:** I suppose so.

[END LOG]

---

**Transcript 3**

**Date:** September 30, 2017

[BEGIN LOG]

*D-4342 is in SCP-6256's containment chamber, lying in bed and trying to sleep. He suddenly stirs.*

**SCP-6256:** Kevin, I have a question.

**D-4342:** What's up?

**SCP-6256:** Do you resent me?

**D-4342:** Huh? Where's this coming from?

**SCP-6256:** All of my hosts up until now were either unaware of my presence or feared me. I was not even able to speak with any of them until you. You claim to see me as a friend, but I cannot help but wonder whether you are being entirely truthful. Because of me, you are trapped within this cell and treated like a monster. I can take away your freedom over your own body at any moment, and you are powerless to stop me. For all you know, I might one day take control and never give it back. You would be unable to do anything but watch.

**D-4342:** I don't hate you, Jordan. I could never.

**SCP-6256:** Why?

**D-4342:** Well, first of all, you mentioned the possibility of you taking control permanently, but I know you won't do that.

**SCP-6256:** How can you be so sure?

**D-4342:** You said it yourself. I'm the only host you've had who you can talk to. If it wasn't for me, the only conversation partners you'd have would be the scientists, and who knows how often they'd be willing to talk with you? Besides, you've put up with me this entire time, so why would you suddenly decide you had enough with me?

**SCP-6256:** I suppose you have a point.

**D-4342:** Second of all, I was already in a cell before being given to you. The Class-D are prisoners, and most of them, including me, were death row inmates before coming here. I made a lot of bad decisions during my life, and it landed me in a bad situation. I chose to come here to avoid execution. Actually, knowing the Foundation, if it wasn't for you, I imagine they probably would've killed me by now.

**SCP-6256:** You would truly prefer living if it meant spending the rest of your life as a prisoner?

**D-4342:** I would. I know a lot of people would probably feel differently if they were in my position, but I'm not one of them. I don't want to die, and I'll take any chance at staying alive, even if it's not the life I would've preferred. Becoming your vessel is the best thing that's ever happened to me here. You saved me, Jordan.

*D-4342 and SCP-6256 fall silent for a long moment.*

**SCP-6256:** I cannot remember the last time I had anyone like you in my life. For so long, I viewed humans as disposable. To me, they were merely tools to extend my own life. How strange it is that I should finally find someone I care about in a place like this.

**D-4342:** Aw, thanks. Now I'm getting emotional. I'll stick with you as long as you want. After all, you're the only friend I've got here.

**SCP-6256:** Somehow, I finally feel proud to call you my friend.

[END LOG]

---

**Interview 2**

**Date:** May 20, 2021

*A day prior to the recording of this interview, a Keter-class containment breach occurred at Site-██. SCP-████ escaped from its containment chamber and went on a rampage through the facility. During the breach, it broke through SCP-6256's containment chamber, killing D-4342 in the process. As a result, SCP-6256 was sent back to its previous host, Dr. Marino. Rather than using the opportunity to escape, once SCP-████ was recontained and the facility was secured, SCP-6256 surrendered itself to the Foundation.*

[BEGIN LOG]

*The interview is located in the same room from Interview 1. Dr. Teagan is seated at a table on one side of the room while SCP-6256, in the body of Dr. Marino, is seated at a chair on the opposing side. SCP-6256 is staring at the floor.*

**Dr. Teagan:** Alright, I'd like to begin by asking you why you chose to return to the Foundation after the death of D-4342. You had the opportunity to escape, but you didn't take it.

*SCP-6256's face contorts with rage.*

**SCP-6256:** His name was Kevin! He was not a number! Call him by his name! Even in death, do you lack the decency to afford him the most basic amount of respect?!

**Dr. Teagan:** Calm down, SCP-6256. I am merely following protocol. I give you my condolences for his passing.

*SCP-6256 sneers.*

**Dr. Teagan:** Now, I'll ask you again. What motivated you to return to us?

**SCP-6256:** For the longest time, I acted merely to extend my own life. The reason I have these abilities in the first place is because I attempted to attain immortality during my first life. After losing my original body, I thought myself above ordinary humans. As far as I was concerned, they were merely a means to an end. I have come to realize that this mindset was a mistake. By treating myself as superior, I condemned myself to a life of solitude. Since I did not see other people as equals, I lacked the ability to form meaningful bonds. The life I lived through those centuries was incredibly lonely, but also incredibly boring. Whereas I was initially more careful not to be caught, as time went on, I became more reckless, all for the sake of finding some remedy for my boredom. My rashness was the reason you were able to capture me in the first place. It was not until I met Kevin that I realized what I had been missing. He reminded me of what it was like to not be alone. He gave me purpose in my life. And now he has been torn away from me forever.

*Tears begin to form in SCP-6256's eyes. Dr. Teagan appears shocked at the entity's show of emotion.*

**SCP-6256:** I no longer want to live as an immortal. I no longer want to spend my life hopping from host to host. I want to spend the rest of my days as a human. And I want the Foundation to help me with this. Please.

**Dr. Teagan:** I understand. I have to admit I wasn't expecting this change of heart from you. Still, assuming these are your true feelings, I will do everything I can to offer the most average life possible for you. We will need to begin by finding you a new host, seeing as we cannot allow you to remain within Dr. Marino. Will you cooperate?

**SCP-6256:** I believe you already know I will. 

[END LOG]

<< [SCP-6255](SCP-6255) | SCP-6256 | [SCP-6257](SCP-6257) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
