h1, #page-title {

    font-family: "Trebuchet MS", Trebuchet, Verdana, Arial, Helvetica;

    color:  #090;

}

#header h1 a,

#header h2 span {

    font-family: BauhausLTDemi, 'Nanum Gothic', Arial, sans-serif;

}

#header {

    background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/component:theme/logo.png);

}

#header h2 span::before {

     content: 'Secure, Contain, Preserve';

     color: #f0f0c0;

     text-shadow: 1px 1px 1px rgba(0,0,0,.8);

}

/* anendlessusername's invaluable correction of the ACS octagon! */

#page-content .quadrants > div {

    top: 2.25%;

    left: 18.5%;

}

:root {

    --timeScale: 2;

    --timeDelay: 0.5s;

}

::-webkit-scrollbar {

    width: 9px;

    background: transparent;

}

.evencols tr th,

.evencols tr td {

    width: 1%;

}

:root {

    --fnColor: #228822;

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Josefin+Sans&display=swap');

.metal-plate {

display: block;

overflow: hidden;

font-family: 'Josefin Sans', sans-serif;

margin-right: auto;

margin-left: auto;

font-size: 180%;

width: 80%;

margin-top: 17px;

margin-bottom: 17px;

padding: 8px 8px 8px 8px;

box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

border-radius: .5em;

background-image: -webkit-repeating-linear-gradient(left, hsla(0,0%,100%,0) 0%, hsla(0,0%,100%,0)   6%, hsla(0,0%,100%, .1) 7.5%),

-webkit-repeating-linear-gradient(left, hsla(0,0%,  0%,0) 0%, hsla(0,0%,  0%,0)   4%, hsla(0,0%,  0%,.03) 4.5%),

-webkit-repeating-linear-gradient(left, hsla(0,0%,100%,0) 0%, hsla(0,0%,100%,0) 1.2%, hsla(0,0%,100%,.15) 2.2%),

linear-gradient(180deg, hsl(0,0%,78%)  0%,

    hsl(0,0%,90%) 47%,

    hsl(0,0%,78%) 53%,

    hsl(0,0%,70%)100%);

font-weight: bold;

text-align: center;

color: hsla(0,0%,20%,1);

text-shadow: hsla(0,0%,40%,.5) 0 -1px 0, hsla(0,0%,100%,.6) 0 2px 1px;

}

 :root{

   --header-subtitle: "SECURE, CONTAIN, PRESERVE";

}

**[More by this author!](top )**

Thank you to  for making the image used in the first Addendum. He's very cool, and, even better, has a [Drawing Hut](cole-13-s-drawing-hut )! Come now, and get your admission fee waived!

Thank you to  for helping me mess around with his theme for this! Is it a good idea to use an [April Fool's Theme](theme:plant ) for a 6k entry? Probably not, but it'll be funny.

Finally, before we get to our most esteemed critters, thank you to  for making that groovy div that *was* going to be utilized in Addendum 3. **[Return to Whale.](scp-5283 )**

Thank you to  for helping me figure out the disruption, risk, and containment classes for this scp!

---

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=5

|speed=200 

|float=true

|align=right

|width=400px 

|url=https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-6776/reclaimed.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=Photograph of Site-19's Tertiary Evacuation Point.

]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** As Site-19, now classified as SCP-6776, and all the anomalies contained therein have now accomplished self-containment, it is presumed that no further procedures are needed. All anomalies formerly belonging to Site-19 have been archived from the Foundation database.

A security perimeter is to be established at a 5km radius around SCP-6776. Foundation personnel are allowed to visit and tour SCP-6776, so long as they receive written permission from the Research Head.

Any anomalous phenomena found in the general vicinity of SCP-6776 is to be reported to the Research Head and, if need be, contained.

The Containment Committee is currently reviewing the status of SCP-6776 for possible insights on alternative forms of containment.

**Description:** SCP-6776 is an abandoned Foundation facility, formerly known as Secure Containment Site-19. Control of SCP-6776 was lost following a catastrophic containment breach. Due to the circumstances of the containment breach, Foundation personnel were unable to transfer anomalous artefacts to other facilities. After the decommissioning of the Site-19 Recuperation Committee, SCP-6776 was left completely untouched by the Foundation, allowing for the rapid growth and spread of SCP-6776-A for three years.

SCP-6776-A is the collective designation of the flora that has grown within and around SCP-6776. Despite the relatively short amount of time SCP-6776 was left abandoned, SCP-6776-A has managed to almost completely engulf SCP-6776.

The statuses of the anomalies formerly contained within Site-19 are currently unknown. Excursions into SCP-6776 are being attempted to uncover any evidence of the anomalies' current states.

**Addendum 6776.1: Abandonment of SCP-6776**

On 23/11/2015, a specimen of *Crassula colorata*.Dense pigmyweed. was brought into Site-19 and placed within Junior Researcher Akabi Hayk's office as decoration. This was in direct violation of the containment procedures of SCP-███, which necessitated the lack of living plant life on Site. This infraction was left unreported for three years, until the containment breach in 2018.

On 23/11/2018, a catastrophic containment breach resulted in SCP-███ leaving its containment unit. Almost immediately, the entity began making its way to the Offices Wing. Once it was within 50m of Dr. Hayk's office, SCP-███ fell to the floor, unconscious. The succulent within the office began growing rapidly, quickly engulfing the Office Wing and spreading to the rest of the facility. Despite the rapid spread of SCP-6776-A and the presence of hostile on-site anomalies, there was only a single fatality as a direct result of this Incident.

### **Incident Log 963-6776-A**

**Date:** 23/11/2018 16:04:23

---

**CAMERA 15-AG6**

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*[Doctors Simon Glass, Akabi Hayk, and Elias Shaw are spotted running from the direction of the Office Wings towards Gate A.]*

**Dr. Simon Glass:** Hurry, Shaw!

**Dr. Elias Shaw:** The fuck do you think I'm doing, Shrink? Not my fucking fault Simmons.D-6748, the current host of Dr. Elias Shaw. here wasn't part of his high school's track team!

**Dr. Akabi Hayk:** Can we please just calm down and focus on getting the hell out of here?

**Shaw:** Oh, that's just fucking brilliant, Hack! We wouldn't be in this mess if you hadn't brought in a FUCKING PLANT.

**Glass:** Shaw...

**Hayk:** It's Hayk, not Hack, and I was a Junior Researcher when I brought it in! No one ever told me it wasn't allowed! Fuck, I didn't even know it was an infraction until today!

**Shaw:** Excuses! Fucking excuses!

*[Dr. Hayk and Shaw stop in the middle of the hallway and proceed to argue. Glass stops as well, and pulls them in an attempt to get them to keep running.]*

**Glass:** Akabi, Shaw! We have to get out of here. Please, can you two argue *outside* of the Site? For the love of God, we have a succulent taking over 19!

**Shaw:** Oh, I'll get out of here, just not with *her*!

*[Shaw runs down a side corridor, eventually leaving the camera's area of surveillance. Glass sighs, before nudging Hayk to run. The two of them continue running down the hallway and successfully evacuate Site-19.]*

**[END LOG]**

---

**CAMERA 15-AG5**

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*[Dr. Elias Shaw runs deeper into the Site, seemingly oblivious to the fact he is heading in the opposite direction of nearby exits.]*

*[Shaw arrives at a three-way intersection and comes across a hallway full of plants. Vines and large tendrils cover the walls, and flowers begin to bloom on the floor.]*

**Dr. Elias Shaw:** *[Sigh]* Fuck. Where do I go now?

*[Shaw slowly walks up to the plant growth and nudges it with his foot. Moss begins to grow on the shoe's toes.]*

**Shaw:** Oh shit!

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=5

|speed=200 

|float=true

|align=right

|width=150px 

|url=https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-6776/bright.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=Still from Camera 15-AG5

]]

*[Shaw attempts to shake off the moss from his foot to no avail. After several attempts, Shaw resigns and takes off his shoe, throwing it towards the rest of the flora.]*

**Shaw:** Halfway there to my Huckleberry costume. Just need to get that straw hat...

*[Shaw begins walking in the other direction. Behind him, the shoe he threw hits an* Amorphophallus titanum,.Titan arum. *bending its spadix and snapping it in half. Shaw hears the sound, and turns around to see what it was.]*

**Shaw:** That's a funky looking flo-

*[Moss quickly spreads the floor and grow up Shaw's legs. He screams and attempts to claw the growth off as it spreads to his neck. Notably, the moss doesn't spread onto SCP-963 as it engulfs Shaw's body.]*

*[Once fully engulfed, Shaw is dragged deeper into the Site, as SCP-963 is covered up by the growth of more plant life. The last part of it that is seen is the ruby before it is fully enveloped by a blanket of moss.]*

**[END LOG]**

Due to the circumstances of the evacuation, almost none of the anomalous artefacts or entities stored within Site-19 could be taken out of the facility. After a failed MTF operation to enter the building, the SCPs contained within SCP-6776, alongside Site-19 itself, were declared lost and archived.

**Addendum 6776.2: Site-19 Recuperation Committee**

Due to the existence of multiple hazardous and hostile entities within SCP-6776, the reestablishment of Foundation control was considered a top priority. To facilitate this goal, the **Site-19 Recuperation Committee** was formed. The original roster for the Committee was primarily made up of staff formerly stationed at Site-19 and members of the Departments of Botany and Mobile Task Forces. Throughout the three years it was active, the Committee was documented attempting to enter SCP-6776 a total of **789** times. An unknown amount of undocumented attempts exist, with estimates placing it somewhere around **250**.

| LOG # | DRAFTED BY | RESULT |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = 001 | = Dr. Akabi Hayk | = **##red|FAILURE##** |
| STRATEGY |  | SUMMARY |
| [http:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#epsilon-9 MTF Epsilon-9 ("Fire Eaters")] was deployed to SCP-6776, with the intent of burning and neutralising SCP-6776-A. |  | E-9 arrived at SCP-6776, and immediately began incinerating the plants located outside of the building. They were allowed to do so for approximately 5 minutes, before shrubbery grew up and into their incendiary tools. The growing *Rhododendron//.Azalea. interfered with the device's mechanisms. After a brief struggle against the plants, E-9 abandoned their gear and retreats. |
@@ @@

| LOG # | DRAFTED BY | RESULT |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = 008 | = Dr. Akabi Hayk | = **##red|FAILURE##** |
| STRATEGY |  | SUMMARY |
| MTF Delta-45 ("Rolling Thunder") were equipped with non-selective herbicides and instructed to deploy it over SCP-6776. |  | D-45 successfully deploys the herbicide over SCP-6776. Within two days, large masses of plants were seen turning brown and dying. However, the majority of SCP-6776-A was unharmed by it, demonstrating resistance to modern herbicides. |
@@ @@

| LOG # | DRAFTED BY | RESULT |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = 063 | = Dr. Akabi Hayk | = **##red|FAILURE##** |
| STRATEGY |  | SUMMARY |
| A battalion from [MTF Nu-7 ("Hammer Down")](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#nu-7) was instructed to lay siege on SCP-6776. |  | The battalion arrives at SCP-6776, and begins their attack 1km from the structure. Site-19's Self-Defence Systems, previously thought to have been disabled, activate and decimate the battalion. Intercepted messages from the Self-Defence Systems label the Nu-7 Battalion as "{{NATURE'S DIVIDERS}}." |
@@ @@

| LOG # | DRAFTED BY | RESULT |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = 064 | = Dr. Akabi Hayk | = **##red|FAILURE##** |
| STRATEGY |  | SUMMARY |
| A battalion from MTF Nu-7 ("Hammer Down"), alongside Nemesis.aic, were sent to SCP-6776 and instructed to lay siege. |  | The battalion arrives at SCP-6776 and begins their attack 1km from the structure. Much like Log 063, Site-19's Self-Defence Systems activate and begin their counterattack. Nemesis.aic accesses Site-19's network to disable the Self-Defence System. To do so, Nemesis.aic was required to upload herself to the network. After approximately 14 minutes of no contact, a highly corrupted version of Nemesis.aic returns to Nu-7's Mobile Network, and the Self-Defence Systems were left untouched. What remained of the Nu-7 battalion quickly retreated, and Nemesis.aic was quarantined for study. Examination revealed tampering from an [unknown source](scp-079 ). |
@@ @@

| LOG # | DRAFTED BY | RESULT |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = 105 | = Dr. Beatrix Filgadio | = **##red|FAILURE##** |
| STRATEGY |  | SUMMARY |
| [MTF Psi-7 ("Home Improvement")](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#psi-7) was dispatched to SCP-6776, with the intent to open a hole in a portion of the outer wall with explosive devices. |  | MTF Psi-7 sets up the demolition payload, and retreat outside of the blast radius. After a small period of observation, Psi-7 detonates the payload, creating a massive hole in the west wing of SCP-6776. Psi-7 begins to approach the entrance. Highly damaged plants are seen retreating from the hole as a dark figure approaches. The video quality is noted as worsening as the man gets closer. The figure grabs a member of Psi-7 by the head, which begins to rapidly deteriorate before the video feed ends. The entity was later identified as [SCP-106-ARC](scp-106 ). |
@@ @@

| LOG # | DRAFTED BY | RESULT |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = 241 | = Dr. Frederick Heiden | = **##red|FAILURE##** |
| STRATEGY |  | SUMMARY |
| A member of the Foundation's Department of External Affairs was instructed to approach the main entrance of SCP-6776 and attempt to open communications. |  | The Foundation diplomat managed to arrive at SCP-6776 without incident. Before the diplomat could begin speaking, a deep rumbling could be heard. From the hole made in Log 105, a bureaucratohazardous entity.Later identified as a representative of YWTGSTJ ("Yeah, We're Totally Gonna Stop The Jailors"), a subsidiary of [SCP-4703](SCP-4703). emerged. It began to make its way towards the diplomat, who quickly retreated out of fear of the perfectly legal entity, thank you very much. |
@@ @@

| LOG # | DRAFTED BY | RESULT |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = 545 | = O5-3 | = **##red|FAILURE##** |
| STRATEGY |  | SUMMARY |
| Under the request of O5-3, [MTF Omega-9 ("The Scrubs")](scp-2639 ) was deployed to SCP-6776, with the intent of destroying SCP-6776-A and opening SCP-6776 for further access. |  | SCP-2639 successfully manifests within SCP-6776, and SCP-2639-A begins firing at SCP-6776-A. After 10 minutes of exploration, the SCP-2639-A instances report seeing figures running towards them. All attempts to contact them failed after this point. After a short amount of time, all three disconnect from SCP-2639-C, but not before leaving a final message. Refer to {{SCP:/2639/files/chatlog956.log}} for further information. |
@@ @@

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/2639/files/chatlog956.log</summary>

[##cyan|GRRGRL##] What you guys are doing is great, but I just feel more natural here. I'm sorry.

[##red|JBREINER##] What do you mean by that?

[##red|JBREINER##] Hello?

[##red|JBREINER##] Gloria?

**User [##cyan|GRRGRL##] disconnected**

[##red|JBREINER##] Jim?

[##yellow|WTF_STFU##] yeah they got a point, srry

**User [##yellow|WTF_STFU##] disconnected**

[##red|JBREINER##] Tom?

[##orange|BOOGER##] Sorry, man.

**User [##orange|BOOGER##] disconnected**

[##red|JBREINER##] Are you guys still there?

[##red|JBREINER##] ...

[##red|JBREINER##] Shit.

</details>

**Addendum 6776.3: 2024 Survey**

On July 12th, 2024, after much deliberation, an expedition into SCP-6776 was approved. The main motivating factor for the approval of such a mission was due to SCP-6776's reactor, which was suggested by Foundation experts to be approaching a nuclear meltdown. STF Epsilon-55 ("Devil May Care")'s Beta Squad was selected for the operation, due to their experience in navigating former Foundation sites. The expedition was to be entirely non-hostile. As such, Beta Squad brought no weapons or items that could be used in a hostile manner.

### **2024 Survey Log**

**Date:** 16/07/2024

**Exploratory Team:** STF Epsilon-55

**Subject:** STF Epsilon-55's Beta Squad was deployed to explore SCP-6776, and report its current status.

---

**Squad Lead:** BETA-1 "Cricket"

**Squad Members:** BETA-2 "Taurus", BETA-3 "Ghost", BETA-5 "Poacher", MEDIC-1 "Nightingale", Ogma.aic

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*[E-55's Beta Squad is positioned near the main entrance to SCP-6776. Damage from previous attempts to access it are visible, but it remains unopened.]*

**BETA-1 "Cricket":** Alright, equipment check.

**BETA-2 "Taurus":** Looking good.

**BETA-3 "Ghost":** Everything's as it should.

**BETA-5 "Poacher":** Fine and dandy.

**MEDIC-1 "Nightingale":** Everything's a-ok.

**Ogma.aic:** All systems functional.

**"Cricket":** You got the 19 list pulled up, Ogma?

**Ogma.aic:** Affirmative. All 252 slots are currently opened.

**"Cricket":** Perfect, let's go.

*[Beta Squad approaches the entrance and begins inspecting the blast doors for a way in.]*

**"Poacher":** How many times did that one committee try to break in here?

**"Taurus":** Shit, think they lost count themselves. They gave up a couple of years ago, pretty sure.

**"Nightingale":** Do we know what all they tried to do?

**Ogma.aic:** Most of the Site-19 Recuperation Committee's attempts consisted of trying to break into SCP-6776 via the use of explosives, ballistics, and violent thaumaturgy.

**"Nightingale":** Did they ever try, uh, you know.

*[Nightingale gestures towards the doors' control panel.]*

**Ogma.aic:** One moment...

**Ogma.aic:** Negative.

*[Silence.]*

**"Poacher:"** You're shitting me, right?

**Ogma.aic:** I lack the personality drive necessary for comedy.

**"Ghost":** That committee was beyond incompetent.

*[Ghost opens the control panels and inputs the last security code used for Site-19. After a moment, a green light turns on as the doors slowly split open. Vines and other plant matter fall as they are shaken off.]*

**"Cricket":** Welcome to Site-19, boys.

*[Beta Squad enter SCP-6776. Cracks are visible in the floor and walls where vines and other flora has grown through it. The lights have been destroyed and replaced by an unknown species of bioluminescent fungus.]*

**"Cricket":** Ogma, can you pull up a map of Site-19 for us?

**Ogma.aic:** Accessing Archived S19 Map, please wait.

**"Taurus:"** Did they ever find out what happened to Shaw?

**"Nightingale":** Don't think they heard from him ever since that video log.

**Ogma.aic:** S19 Map pulled up, please select a destination.

**"Poacher:"** Where should we head?

**"Cricket:"** Take us to the Reactor, Ogma.

**Ogma.aic:** Route generated. Passing through Cafeteria.

*[Beta Squad makes their way through the corridors of SCP-6776 and towards the cafeteria. Writing is visible on the wall, which is quickly covered up by SCP-6776-A before the Squad views them.]*

**"Poacher":** Ugh, I fucking hate how those vines move. Sends shivers down my spine.

**"Taurus":** What are they even covering up?

**"Poacher:"** I dunno, lemme che-

*[Poacher brushes some of the vines to the side, revealing an instance of [SCP-2304](SCP-2304).An investigation by the Foundation Department of Cognitohazards revealed that all known instances of SCP-2304 had disappeared from Foundation servers sometime after the classification of SCP-6776 and that no new instances had manifested since then.. He immediately falls to the ground, clawing at his throat as it undergoes rapid cell growth. The rest of Beta Squad avert their eyes as Nightingale crouches down to check on Poacher.]*

**"Taurus":** Shit, Poach!

**"Cricket":** What's wrong with him, Doc!?

**"Nightingale":** I-I dunno, he saw whatever was on that wall and just fell to the ground. M-maybe a cognitohazard? I-I'm not trained in dealing with this type of stuff...

**"Cricket":** That's alright. Just... Stay here with him. Keep him stable. Let's... Let's keep going, team.

*[Beta Squad, sans Nightingale and Poacher, continue towards the cafeteria. The team takes care not to look at the walls, directing their gaze towards the floor as Ogma.aic guides them. Asides from occasional noises from deeper within SCP-6776 and movement from SCP-6776-A, nothing else of note occurs.]*

**"Cricket":** How much longer, Ogie?

**Ogma.aic:** Site-19's cafeteria should be towards your right, sir.

*[Cricket looks up at the wall and sees the sign for the cafeteria. The control panel marks it as locked down, but vines have forced the doors open. A dense cloud of spores makes it impossible to look into the cafeteria.]*

**"Taurus:"** Ogma?

**Ogma.aic:** Yes, Beta-2?

**"Taurus":** How many of the anomalies contained on Site-19 were, uh, dangerous?

**Ogma.aic:** A majority of them. There's a reason Site-19 was considered Max Security.

**"Taurus:"** Shit...

**"Cricket":** We'll be alright, Taurus. We got each other, don't we?

**"Ghost":** Look how far that got Poacher, Cricket.

**"Cricket":** You're not helping, Ghost. Let's just head in.

*[Cricket and Ghost enter the cafeteria. Taurus hesitates for a moment, before joining them.]*

*[After a second, the cafeteria is visible to the camera. Tables and chairs are overthrown and strewn about; the glass separating the kitchen was shattered and a trail of food could be seen heading into a hallway. Plants are seen growing over the walls, floor and ceiling, but few reach towards the centre of the area. Patches of dried blood can be seen on the walls, although a majority of it seems to have been cleaned off. A large mass of ivy is visible on the other side of the room. Beta Squad begins traversing through the cafeteria.]*

**"Taurus":** It's... Empty.

**"Cricket":** Is there something wrong with that? Less trouble for us.

**"Taurus":** I don't know, I just expected there to be so-

*[A small, teardrop-shaped entity suddenly enter frame, wheeling past Beta Squad before turning and circling them. The entity has a single eye at its centre, and lichen rapidly growing behind it.]*

**"Taurus":** Oh shit, what the fuck is that?!

**"Cricket":** Ogma?

**Ogma.aic:** Identifying subject, please wait.

*[The entity begins emitting a high-pitched noise, similar to that of a baby's babbling. It comes up to Taurus, who is visibly frightened, and begins to nuzzle up to him.]*

**Ogma.aic:** 100% match for [SCP-131-ARC-B](scp-131 ). Non-hostile nature.

**"Cricket":** *[Chuckling]* It's just one of the Eye Pods, Taur. Nothing to be scared about.

*[Cricket bends down and begins to pet SCP-131-ARC-B, which makes a purring noise in response.]*

**"Taurus":** Oh, uh, yeah, yeah... Nothing to be scared about...

**"Cricket":** See, Taur? Basically just a house cat. Hmm, I wonder where the other one is.

**"Ghost":** Have any of our necks been snapped?

**"Taurus":** No?

**"Ghost":** Case in point. We should stop lollygagging and continue the mission.

*[Cricket gets up and joins the other two as they continue walking. SCP-131-ARC-B makes a chirping noise before wheeling away. As they get closer, the mound of ivy can be seen moving slightly, almost as if it is breathing. It suddenly jolts, scattering some ivy leaves, before returning to its regular motion. Beta Squad stops, and turns in reaction to this sudden movement.]*

**"Cricket":** We should probably check that out.

**Ogma.aic:** That is an advisable course of action.

**"Cricket":** Ghost?

**"Ghost":** I have an ivy allergy.

**"Cricket":** Taurus?

**"Taurus":** Nuh-uh, I think I'm good.

*[Cricket sighs, picks up a broken branch, and begins creeping towards the plant mass. They slowly reach the stick out, poking the plants. A soft, squishy noise can be heard. A small amount of liquid squirts out from between the ivy and onto Cricket's left arm. It eats through their suit, burning a small area on their arm. They scream and jump back, dropping the stick to cradle their arm. Taurus runs up to check on Cricket with Ghost walking behind.]*

**"Taurus":** Cricket! Are you alright?

**"Cricket":** Y-yeah, just a small burn. Nothing we shouldn't be able to patch up. Ogma, what was that?

**Ogma.aic:** It seems to be a chemical burn. The liquid was more than likely acidic.

**"Taurus":** Acidic? But... The only anomaly on site that had to do with acid was-

*[A low groan is heard as the mass of ivy begins to move. Beta Squad move back as a reptilian tail and feet came out from the ivy. The ivy begins to fall apart, revealing a large creature within. Portions of the creature's flesh are missing, exposing a skeleton covered in* Pueraria Montana..Kudzu. *The creature sniffs the air, before looking down at Beta squad.]*

**Ogma.aic:** [SCP-682](SCP-682).

*[SCP-682-ARC roars, spewing a honey-like substance around the area.]*

**Ogma.aic:** Recommended course of action: Run.

*[Beta Squad runs out of the cafeteria, with SCP-682-ARC not far behind. While it would normally be faster, the overgrown, compact halls restrict SCP-682-ARC. At times, it seems as though the plants grow out to trip the entity.]*

**"Ghost":** What made you think the idea that poking an omnicidal lizard with a stick would be a good idea?

**"Cricket:"** How the hell was I supposed to know fucking 682 of all things was under the leaves?

**Ogma.aic:** Site-19 contains very few objects of that size, and it was moving in a way similar to an animal sleeping. The only organism of that size within this Site is SCP-682.

**"Cricket":** Oh, can it, Ogma! Just find us somewhere safe!

**Ogma.aic:** The cell used for [SCP-4057](SCP-4057) in 1968 has yet to be demolished. Rerouting.

*[Ogma.aic directs Beta Squad towards High-Security Containment, where SCP-4057's former cell was located at. A cave-in at the intersection leading to High-Security forces Beta Squad to head towards the Atrium. As they get closer to the Atrium, SCP-682-ARC begins slowing down in its pursuit, eventually stopping. It spits up more of the honey-like substance while attempting to speak before turning around. It begins shambling back towards the Cafeteria as Beta Squad stops as well.]*

**"Taurus":** It.. turned around?

**"Cricket":**…What's in the Atrium then?

**"Ghost":** Why don't we stop asking questions and find out?

*[Beta Squad slowly make their way towards the atrium, wary of their surroundings. The door to the area was closed. Just as Ghost was about to utilise the control panel on the side, vines grew from the other side of the door, forcing them open.]*

**"Cricket":** That's nice of them, now isn't it?

*[Beta Squad enters the Atrium. Despite being three levels below ground, the ceiling of the room has opened up to the sky. Harsh sunlight flooded the room, momentarily blinding the camera. Once the camera adjusted to the light, a large rainforest became visible. [SCP-073-ARC](scp-073 ) could be seen in the distance, tending to a herd of* Bos primigenius primigenius.Aurochs, a recently extinct species of large wild cattle.. *The plant life within the Atrium consisted of both mundane and anomalous flora, such as [SCP-504-ARC](scp-504 ) instances and [SCP-417-ARC](scp-417 ). Animals were seen consuming fruits from the tree without any retaliation from SCP-417-ARC-1 instances. A nearby pond was full of instances of [SCP-4159](SCP-4159).There was a sudden decrease in reports of SCP-4159 attacks in the years proceeding the Site-19 breach.. [SCP-023-ARC](scp-023 ) was seen approaching the pond. Instead of attacking the canine, SCP-4159 instances submerged under water and returned with pearls and rocks, which SCP-023-ARC took with it. A myriad of other scenes like this were visible throughout the Atrium, exhibiting a balance between the anomalous and natural.]*

**"Taurus":** Oh my god, it's-.

**"Ghost":** Horrifying.

**"Cricket":** Beautiful.

**[Unidentified Voice]:** I personally prefer the beautiful perspective.

*[Beta Squad turns around to face the speaker. Behind them stands a humanoid, floral entity wearing a [ruby necklace](scp-963 ).]*

**"Taurus":** Whoa, who the fuck are you?

**[Unidentified Voice]:** Hmm... You have a name for the plants?

**"Taurus":** Yeah, it's-.

**"Ghost":** Classified.

**Shaw:** Bummer. Just call me Shaw then.

**"Taurus":** As in...?

**Shaw:** Elias Shaw.

**"Ghost":** We thought that you had died during the breach in 2018?

**Shaw:** Even in here, the necklace isn't gonna let me take a break.

**"Cricket":** In here? What do you mean?

**Shaw:**...You're kidding me, right? You *do* know why you're here, yeah?

**"Ghost":** To check on the reactor. Make sure it doesn't have a meltdown.

**Shaw:** That...wait...

*[Shaw steps back to take a better look at Beta Squad. The blue flowers substituting for its eyes are seen visibly growing, before narrowing.]*

**Shaw:** That outfit... That insignia... You're Foundation, aren't you?

**"Cricket":** Yeah, you'd be correct. MTF Epsilon-55's Beta Squad.

**Shaw:** Shit... That'd explain a lot. Y'all really don't know much about what's going on here, do you?

**"Ghost":** A plant took over Site-19 and for some reason there's been almost no reports of anomalies from here breaching containment.

**Shaw:** And you know why?

**"Taurus":** Err.. I don't think we do?

**Shaw:** *[Sigh]* You guys have a lot of catching up to do. The reactor is what you said you're here for, right?

**"Cricket":** Right.

**Shaw:** Let's go then. We can chat on the way.

*[Shaw gestures for Beta Squad to follow him. He leads them in the general direction of the reactor, although at a deliberately slow pace. Notably, the hallways become more and more overgrown as the group gets closer to the reactor.]*

**Shaw:** Remind me what the Foundation knows about… SCP-6776, was it? I could never remember those numbers for the life of me.

**"Cricket":** The containment breach back in 2018 happened, Site-19 got overgrown by plants, and all of our attempts to get back in were thwarted by either a bunch of plants or an escaped anomaly.

**Shaw:** I see... You remember what happened during the breach to cause that?

**"Taurus":** Uh... Ogma?

**Ogma.aic:** During the containment breach, an SCP whose containment necessitated the lack of flora on-site came into the general vicinity of a plant located within the Office Wing. The ensuing anomalous reaction resulted in the formation of SCP-6776-A.

**Shaw:** Oh sick, an AIC. Haven't talked to one since [Alexandria](aiad-homescreen ) broke down a while ago. What SCP was that, Ogma?

**Ogma.aic:** That information is barred behind Level 5/6776 clearance.

**"Ghost":** Shocking.

**Shaw:** Eh, figured it'd respond with that. Gives me a place to start, I guess.

**Shaw:** That kid, the one whose file none of us have the clearance to take a peak at, is the whole reason all of this started. You can guess by his reaction to that succulent that what made him anomalous had *something* to do with plants. Maybe phytokinesis, or whatever the fancy word for flower power is.

**"Cricket":** What does any of this have to do with what "in here" means, or why you thought we knew what you meant by that?

**Shaw:** Hold on, hold on. I'm getting there. As I was saying, the point is it had something to do with Nature. We contained it in... 1993, from what I've gathered, and the last containment procedures we had on for it were established the year after. That was, what, 24-ish years of not being able to do its thing? That's a lot of pent-up flower power that just festers inside of it. Then the breach happens, and it senses a plant. So it fucking books it, rushing out of its cell and straight for Hac- sorry, Hayk's office. It's able to act on that succulent, and the release of all that pent-up energy, it- it- It acts like a conduit. Opened the gateway for.. All of this. The plants, the animals, the fungi. It let Nature in. I don't know if it's, like, a concept or a being or just a thing, but it's here. Permating through this artificial place, making it nature.

**"Ghost":** What does that have to do with all of these anomalies in here? Why haven't most of them gotten out and wrecked havoc?

**Shaw:** Hmm, how do I explain it... What's the difference between... [ 035](scp-035) and a regular mask?

**"Taurus":** It takes control of people and has that black goop.

**Shaw:** Why?

**"Ghost":** Because it's anomalous.

**Shaw:** And what's anomalous?

**"Ghost":** Anything that falls out of conventional thinking and can't be thoroughly explained by normal science.

**Shaw:** And what is "conventional thinking"? What is "normal science"?

**"Ghost":** I, uh, i-

**Shaw:** Who decides [Normalcy](wjs-proposal )?

**"Taurus":** We do, right?

**Shaw:** Who said you can decide what is and isn't normal?

**"Cricket":** No one. What we deemed as anomalous today could just be the latest invention tomorrow. I mean, shit, we have a whole [Object Class](scp-5616 ) that's just "object is explainable with anomalous science." What even is the difference between anomalous and mundane science?

**Shaw:** Hey, hey, see! Now you're getting it. Who are we to decide what is and isn't natural? Who are we to say that the anomalous "violates the proverbial laws" of Nature, and that it isn't just facet of it?

**"Ghost":** So that's why we haven't had too many breaches from here? Cause it's "all part of Nature" or some hippie stuff like that? What about the ones that have gotten out, like 106 and that one business representative?

**Shaw:** Man-made things find it hard to thrive in nature. Some are able to adjust and adapt. Others not so much.

*[The group stops at a pair of steel doors labelled "Reactor."]*

**Shaw:** Let's go in.

*[Beta Squad enters the Reactor, following behind Shaw. Site-19's generators and nuclear reactors had been replaced by a large and complex system of plants and beehives, all of it coated in a protective layer of tree sap. Tendrils of roses and beeswax connect the beehives and other plant matter to central trunks. Bees can be seen carrying large swabs of honey into holes in the trunk.]*

**Shaw:** What were you guys here for again?

**[END LOG]**

~~~~

<< [SCP-6775](SCP-6775) | SCP-6776 | [SCP-6777](SCP-6777) >>

=====

> **Filename:** reclaimed.jpg

> **Name:** "Regan Vest, Main entrance to secret bunker"

> **Author:** morten812

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/22359271@N04/8543511689)

> **Filename:** bright.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Wiki](http://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/cole-13-s-drawing-hut/CCskip.png)

=====
