[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|page=

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/dr-tonnes-personnel-file[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments=N/A

]]

**Item #:** SCP-6627

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All geological evidence and video recordings of SCP-6627’s sudden arrival at its present location has been confiscated.

SCP-6627 is maintained as private property under the guise of having once been a mining facility. Public access is forbidden; any intruders are to be amnesticized appropriately.

The main office located on the top floor of SCP-6627 is currently locked. Entry pending O5 approval.

**Description:** SCP-6627 is a large industrial building containing machinery built for producing various toy products. The lobby is decorated with numerous framed photographs as part of a company timeline of SCP-6627. Pictures displayed show SCP-6627's increasing success over >100 years, with its later depictions being significantly larger, including additional extensions, and similarly built manufacturing complexes having been constructed throughout various countries.

Investigation has led to three possible theories regarding SCP-6627’s origin:

1. SCP-6627 manifested in its current location, [REDACTED] through the use of reverse trans-dimensional travel, tethering itself to a location identical to where it had been previously in its original reality.

2. An event or series of events in the past were altered/undone to bring SCP-6627 into existence.

3. SCP-6627 had existed at some point in the past, only to be removed through unknown means. Whatever method was used has been revised through some unknown process.

Internal schematics of machinery within SCP-6627 prove the building to function anomalously, although a suitable power supply has yet to be found. It is theorised that upon reinstallation of such a device, SCP-6627 would produce toy products indefinitely.

Using the material composition of toy samples found within SCP-6627 as a basis, it is believed that prior to its relocation, SCP-6627’s primary means of creating products included legally prohibited ingredients such as [DATA EXPUNGED]. If returned to a functional state, the annual raw material input required for SCP-6627 would be equivalent to triple the world's current population.

Within SCP-6627’s central room is a supply elevator that leads 75m underground before abruptly cutting off. The tunnels purpose has not been discovered.

**Testing Log:** To determine the anomalous nature of toys produced by SCP-6627, D-Class personnel were introduced to various items recovered from within the anomaly.

Results are as follows:

<details>
<summary>Access Testing Log</summary>

> **Subject:** D-66275

> **Instance:** An aged teddybear recovered from a puddle of brown water

> 

> **Results:** Despite showing no initial interest, D-66275 expressed joy upon being given the teddybear. Subject refused to return it for several hours, until personnel attempted to forcibly remove it from them. When attempting to do so, a thick layer of rust was found to have coated the subject's chest where they had been embracing the toy.

> 

> D-66275 was kept under surveillance for one month, over the period of which the rust gradually enveloped their entire body. All the while, the subject did not attempt to let go of it, despite physical flaking of their skin due to the rust spreading further. D-66275 was eventually converted entirely into a rusted metallic mass, their only remaining feature being the face  expressing a wide grin.

> **Subject:** D-66278

> **Instance:** A porcelain doll in a tattered dress. Instance secretes brown water from its mouth despite no internal mechanism allowing it to.

> 

> **Results:** Subject interacted with the doll for several minutes, expressing great disinterest. Upon sampling the brown water dripping from the dolls mouth, D-66278's mood heightened and they began playing with the doll.

> 

> Subject requested nourishment for themselves and the doll to eat, which was denied. In response, the subject began tearing off pieces of their own uniform, chewing on them and inserting smaller pieces into the doll's mouth. This continued until an identical brown liquid started to secrete from the subject's own mouth, whereupon they began chewing off and swallowing their own fingernails, causing a metallic rust-like substance to coat the areas on their body it had dampened.

> 

> D-66278 continued biting off portions of their body, causing additional rust to spread across themselves and break off after becoming extremely brittle. The subject continued this behaviour, while periodically feeding pieces of themselves to the doll, despite the amount exceeding that which its physical proportions should have allowed.

> 

> The subject did not cease feeding the doll until all mass below their neck had been either consumed or had broken off. The subject's head however continued rotating on the test chamber floor for several minutes before eventually rusting over completely, in an attempt to bite off and ingest its own lower-lip and jaw.

> **Subject:** D-66279

> **Instance:** A metal silver marionette resembling a clown. Instance lacked a wooden handle, instead requiring subjects to tie the individual strings to their fingers.

> 

> **Results:** D-66279 was instructed to perform a show for several other D-Class personnel using the marionette. The subject made the marionette dance, which was received positively from those watching. The subject continued the show as the audience demanded to see more, making the marionette mimic several acrobatic tricks. Of note, D-66279 had no prior experience in puppeteering. Despite this, they were able to make the marionette perform a multitude of actions considered to be expert-level.

> 

> The audience continued applauding and began laughing uproariously. Dr. Lane who was supervising instructed D-66279 to continue beyond the designated testing time period. The subject continued performing, beginning to laugh continuously until the marionette appeared to move several seconds before they pulled on its strings. The marionette began moving on its own, with D-66279 mimicking it simultaneously. The marionette grasped either side of its head with its hands, as did D-66279. The marionette then twisted its head 180 degrees, causing D-66279 to snap their own neck and fall deceased to the floor.

> 

> The marionette reeled the corpse in towards itself using its own strings. The body visibly shrank, becoming metallic in composition until it was small enough for the marionette to puppeteer. Testing was immediately shutdown when Dr. Lane was noticed to start mimicking the moves of the puppet which the marionette was now controlling.

> 

> Dr. Lane was found deceased several hours following the test. Autopsy revealed rust coating Dr. Lane's frontal lobe.

</details>

**Addendum.1:** Geological inconsistencies between SCP-6627 and its location have been discovered. It is now believed that SCP-6627 may have only arrived in an area nearby its initial location prior to manifestation. Taking into account the amount of power required to run SCP-6627, the nature of its technology, and prominent areas within range, this suggests the use of an advanced [geothermal generator](SCP-2000).

---

<details>
<summary>UPDATED DOCUMENTATION - O5 CLEARANCE REQUIRED</summary>

**Update:** Following authorisation, the main office of SCP-6627 was accessed. Within was found a humanoid skeleton dressed in a two-piece suit composed of two halves split down the middle; the left side being solid black, and the right side deep-purple. The left side of the skull was coated in a thick layer of metallic rust.

The corpse was found lying on the floor behind the office's table. Within one of its drawers was the following document:

> **Wow!** *It’s time to start once more. Let’s do it again, shall we old friend?* **Yes, let us. And so will wondrous industrialism spread across all iterations.**

> 

> After popular demand, we've brought back a brand new set of Little Misters, a limited edition collection from Dr. Wondertainment! Isn't that fun?

> 

> Find them all and become the Brand New Mr. Collector!

> 

> [00. Mr. Prologue](mr-prologue)

> 01. Mr. Dark

> [02. Mr. Remembrance](SCP-5289)

> [03. Mr. Toxic](SCP-1019)

> [04. Mr. Collector](SCP-5760)

> 05. Mx. Voltage

> 06. ██. Gears

> 07. Mr. Memory

> [08. Mr. Nobody](SCP-6558)

> [09. Mr. Brainy](SCP-6158)

> 10. Ms. Seraph

> **11. Mr. Chronal and Mr. Dimension** ✔

> [12. Mr. Fish](SCP-5527)

> 13. Mr. Epilogue

> ~~14. Mr. Redd (Discontinued)~~

</details>
