= [Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/bread-tyrant-authorpage)

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

#### NOTICE FROM SITE-301'S DIRECTOR

Morning everyone,

Hope you all are having a great day here at Site-301. Unfortunately, today I have some bad news to share. This month has been tough on the Foundations research budget and thus we don't quite have the money to take risks.

Recently we've been transferred Item: SCP-6377, and I can't provide it to one department so that they *might* figure it out. Instead I'm giving the money out equally to all the departments at Site-301 in the hopes that at least one of you can create good and coherent documentation on SCP-6377.

Think of this as some kind of… yes a competition! We'll finally know which is the best department! And for a prize you can get, I don't know, a week of paid leave. I'd say that's a pretty good deal.

Good luck, and may the best department win!

— Dir. Allen

**Item #:** SCP-6377

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** In theory, SCP-6377 is only sustained through the population continuing to fall asleep. General entity containment is currently impossible to achieve through conventional means, meaning that the elimination of sleep is our only current method of preventing SCP-6377. 

While SCP-6377 is omnipresent, civilians primarily attribute SCP-6377 to what can be expected while affected by sleep paralysis, making it functionally an *explained anomaly*.

**Description:** SCP-6377 is the manifestation of *Boba Bhoot* from Bengali mythology. SCP-6377 manifests when an individual assumes the supine position while also entering REM sleep. After a variable amount of time, the subject will become afflicted by sleep paralysis, at which point SCP-6377 will seemingly strangle the subject until paralysis ceases. SCP-6377 has been described as "shrouded in shadow".

Several subjects have described entering this paralytic state, without the presence of SCP-6377, instead they describe *distortions* in reality forming *that of memories or dreams*.

Currently SCP-6377 has only been known to affect 0.2% of the populus.

---

**Notes:** This is much better, but your containment methods are more of a hypothetical than actual useful containment procedures. I'll see if any one else makes a better document, but this one is a pretty good contender. Good job!

{{Rate (+17), Discuss (5)}}

**Item #:** SCP-6377

**Object Class:** Keter, but has never been safer!

*For the first time my Eyes were open, and I saw the faces of those I'd only seen in my mind, and for a split second, I felt as if the world had converged into one singular moment in time. For the first time in my life, I felt God's heartbeat. Thank you!*

**Special Containment Procedures:** While we did give it Keter, that doesn't really give it justice… pause for dramatic effect and then close both eyes once you're awake again to stop whatever was just injected into our reality from the individual or the collective that invented it subconsciously. Thus we've kept it highly nominal, *The Horizontal Gate*. 

For every conceivable thing, there is a thing that came before it and gave inspiration to it, so if you really wanted to contain SCP-6377, then you should remove everything that is inspired or can give inspiration. Just remove all influence and then SCP-6377 will no longer have a purpose to exist, so it will become dormant, unless it becomes stagnant.

What can destroy SCP-6377:

* The Sun

* Insomnia

* Narcolepsy

* Lack of inspiration, likely due to black moons

* Lack of free will or imagination

**Description:** There are two options: either SCP-6377 is a fundamental part of the human experience, or it is something else. What we do know is that everyone's face has two of them, or SCP-6377 just appears twice on everyone's face, in which case we aren't the ones in control and the Containment Procedures should be ignored. To be fair though, I haven't seen anyone be so happy to have SCP-6377. To put it simply, it's a binary anomaly, could be open or closedOr left and right!, but only closed for mere moments, unless the host is laying down on which case it predominantly remains closed. So SCP-6377 is the opening of the otherwise closed SCP-6377, and with this opening one should be capable of perceiving what was once only ever thought possible in the intangible and incorporeal.

I should also add that SCP-6377 acted as the key to our beloved [Site-⌘](SCP-6445)Piano keys or computer keys, see list A and 1, which means it's only accessed when otherwise closed objects are opened, for whatever reason. It's hidden in the space between what even Schrödinger thought wasn't possible. For SCP-6377 the improbability becomes the most possible in reality. Don't forget however that whatever is projected can only be seen by the host, unless it was a collective, much like how Site-⌘ was synthesised.

For SCP-6377 to work (we're referring to the process, not the item), one must be deep within the sea, until their muscles no longer respond and their brain no longer sees time. I've seen people get so worked up on the little details that they're unable to complete SCP-6377. To be honest, you just have to be in a stable and relaxed place.

Some people even do it by accident like our friend, Liaison Jean Tzara-Höch — this is what they saw:

> All my possessions were a moment in time, like the drip drop of a tap in the morning, that really grinds your rusted gears. To see true beauty, nothing matters but the location or setting, plot, and reason for it all. Without those, there is no purpose and without a purpose comes SCP-6377. It's the purpose creator, the reason I decided to help make our beloved Site-⌘, a zigzag in an otherwise curvy line. When I pointed this out to the janitor, Mr. Taeuber, who was recently promoted from assistant janitor, said that he didn't see *nothing* and said I was crazy as we wiped the spilled agnostics off the ground. I could see it and that was all that mattered. It was then that I closed the two boxes and it disappeared, disqualified from reality as an impossible, but I assure you that it was no such impossibility.

I hope that cleared everything up, but I really implore you to try SCP-6377, as it was quite interesting. That reminds me!

**Object Class (Part 2):** Keter, but that's okay.

**Introspection:** I've seen this daily each time I wake up:

> What's left of the cold heart in your bed.

---

**Notes:** I don't know what I expected but this is extremely confusing, and I can't submit this, so I'll move on to the next department. Good luck with whatever it is you guys do?

{{Rate (+5310), Discuss (5145)}}

**Item #:** SCP-6377

**Object Class:** Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6377 could be contained with a mass amnestic injection, however this is currently outside of the Foundations scope due to the number of variables involved. This means that SCP-6377 is uncontainable at this current time.

**Description:** SCP-6377 is an omnipresent cognitohazardous symbol, located within the noospheric mindspace within each individual. This symbol remains in either dormant or active state, with an active state only being located in 0.2% of the population. A dormant instance can become active, but not vice versa.

An active instance SCP-6377 will become present when the subject enters REM sleep, in which SCP-6377 generates a connection between the subjects mindspace and baseline reality. This will result in intangible noospheric formations only present to the hosts of active SCP-6377 instances.

---

**Notes:** This is another good one, but I'm still unsure on the containment procedures. More research needs to be done in the containment procedures. Okay job.

{{Rate (-12), Discuss (15)}}

**Item #:** SCP-6377

**Object Class:** AcquiesceItem is so big in scope or is so integrated into non-anomalous life and consensus reality, that research into viable containment methods has been deemed unnecessary. This does not necessarily mean the item is harmful or veil breaking.

**Special Containment Procedures:** The range at which SCP-6377 exists is too vast for the Foundation to reasonably control, thus SCP-6377 is uncontained. SCP-6377 is not necessarily dangerous, and as such, can be implemented into the Foundation.

**Description:** SCP-6377 is a piece of anomalous artwork (anartwork) directly linked to the human noospheric experience of present consensus structures that make up the conceptual human form and outward perception. 

Two main theories around SCP-6377 exist:

* SCP-6377 is wholly isolated as a metaphysical anartwork experienced indirectly by baseline humanity. As such it has a reduced scope to that of merely just existing rather than being an integral part of experience.

* SCP-6377 is omnipresent to the point that people will unconsciously integrate it into their personal experience, forming a purely imaginative bubble within the Noosphere resulting in the formation of unconscious dream structures.

Despite this, SCP-6377 will also have some effect on baseline experience, and can be described as sleep paralysis.

---

**Notes:** Again, we need containment procedures, this just isn't good enough for them. Anyone else who states that is uncontainable will result in everyone forfeiting the prize.

Do better!

{{Rate (-106), Discuss (34)}}

**Item #:** SCP-6377

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Procedure "Middle of the World" has been developed in order to contain SCP-6377.

Procedure — Middle of the World

**Step 1:** "Known Transference"

All thoughts that are possible are contained within the wider noosphere, with much of it still undiscovered. For containment, we can regard all currently known thoughts as yet to be discovered ones, which will change the paradigm surrounding SCP-6377, making it a misunderstood impossibility.

**Step 2:** "Long-term"

To ensure this holds, SCP-6377 should no longer be considered mysterious or interesting either, as to not create the possibility of understanding within the Noosphere. To complete this calls for the removal of anything that has a relation to SCP-6377, as those base concepts extend into what the anomaly is. This can be achieved by the elimination of dreams.

**Step 3:** "Post Subsidence"

Once dreams have subsequently been eliminated, it would be in the Foundation's best interest to make people forget that dreams ever existed. In order to do this, it would call for the widespread release of Anti-Somniumsisms.Chemicals which prevent dreaming.

**Description:** SCP-6377 is a ritualistic activity making up an extension of the concept of dreaming, achieved once entering REM sleep. The results of SCP-6377 is that these extensions become integrated into one's perception of reality.

---

**Notes:** Something that I can work with.

{{Rate (+15), Discuss (7)}}

**Item #:** SCP-6377

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6377 requires no containment.

**Description:** SCP-6377 is a fundamental essophysical, eye-shaped hole within conceptual dreamspace, which also extends into baseline reality. For instance, if a subject is capable of altering SCP-6377, then they are also capable of altering reality to their perception only, through what they've seen within dreamspace.

---

**Notes:** To be fair, you tried, but this is severely lacking in several places. Good luck next time, if your department survives the next round of budget cuts.

{{Rate (-1), Discuss (2)}}

**Item #:** SCP-6377

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6377 could functionally be contained by a Class VIII Extreme Yemmings Achorial Bolt, a model which currently doesn't exist and is still in development.

**Description:** SCP-6377 is an existential semi-reality currently fully integrated into baseline reality. SCP-6377 is highly influenced by the human Noosphere, however its position within it is unknown. Much of SCP-6377 is intangible to 99.8% of the population, with this 0.2% being capable of noospherically influencing SCP-6377 once entering REM sleep. Subjects have described seeing their memories or dreams in reality, which are sustained as long as REM sleep is achieved within 24 hours of the manifestation existing. Many have described entering a state similar to sleep paralysis as these manifestations occur. It is unknown if SCP-6377 can be influenced purposefully, as all subjects so far have described unintentionally activating it.

---

**Notes:** I'm so totally fucked. Perhaps this isn't the fault of the departments but of the anomaly itself. No matter how many people I've gotten to research this thing, nobody can seem to contain it at all. Quite concerning no?

I've got one department left.

{{Rate (~4), Discuss (8)}}

**Item #:** SCP-6377

**Object Class:** ~~Keter~~ Neutralised

**Special Containment Procedures:** If one is to eliminate SCP-6377, one must eliminate sleep.

**Description:** SCP-6377 is a biological function of dreams, in which certain individuals are capable of *waking themselves up* while still being connected to the Somniumsphere or Dreamspace. This allows for the perception of dreams and memories in reality that would otherwise only be accessible during REM sleep. Creations as a result of SCP-6377 are primarily only perceptible to the host of the dream, however, dreams which are shared collectively means that several individuals can experience SCP-6377 simultaneously.

---

**Notes:** Okay, now I'm fucked. Thanks everyone for trying.

{{Rate (±188), Discuss (57)}}

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** Dir. Allen

**From:** Executive Assistant Dir. Page

**Subject:** You're in big trouble

---

I can't believe you thought this would be a good idea, I have O5 constantly looking over me now because of you. Do you have any idea how much damage you could've caused, let alone all the personnel you put at risk.

Now I will say, I can't argue with your results, but this was irresponsible and immature of you. They've decided to suspend you for 2 weeks.

Yours not sincerely — Dir. Page

P.S. You can reclass SCP-6377 as neutralised now, we haven't needed to sleep for 2 months now.

</details>

@@ @@

= << [SCP-6376](SCP-6376) | SCP-6377 | [SCP-6378](SCP-6378) >>
