.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

 

 

**ATTENTION:** 

 

This file contains information that is completely true, and various Infohazards may occur within certain viewers of this file, as reported by several Level 4 Personnel. If you feel affected, please contact a medical professional immediately. 

 

**Item #:** 6646

 

**Object Class:** Keter ●

 

**Clearance Level:** 4

  

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the current widespread reach of SCP-6646's effect on various Foundation personnel and its rise in contamination, there are no conceivable containment procedures possible until a remedy to counter these effects have been created and distributed to all active Foundation personnel. 

 

**Description:** SCP-6646 is a phenomenon that affects most personnel and superiors within the Foundation to hold false memories of reportedly a "Foundation employee" known as "Kilroy". Hereby referred to as SCP-6646-1  Those affected can specifically recall a moment in time in which the affected subject makes some form of verbal or non-verbal contact with SCP-6646-1 whether it be in passing or directly. SCP-6646 will usually alter a specific memory to insert SCP-6646-1 into a random Foundation-related scenario that the subject witnessed or experienced. 

  

Upon this stage in the cognitive contamination, the subject will begin to fail most, if not all tasks and missions given to them that revolve around the main goals of the Foundation. Such as containment, combat, and other actions in favor of the Foundation as a whole. These can range from unexplainable mistakes at the hands of personnel, coincidences allowing an unfortunate event to occur during crucial junctures, and undesired outcomes. Research reveals that SCP-6646 may not be a luck-based anomaly.  Amnestics have failed to remove these memories entirely.

 

The following excerpt from SCP-6646 experimentation in 2017 illustrates this phenomenon. 

 

Test One (1)

Subject

SCP-6646

Protocol

D-1997 was chosen for this test when recalled hearing of "Kilroy" in passing. Afterward, D-1997 was instructed to use a set of controls that maintained a "prop room" of an empty containment cell containing an inanimate mannequin. D-1997 beforehand was trained to operate the room with ease. 

Results

D-1997 successfully "contained" the mannequin by following practiced "containment procedures".  

 

Test Two (2)

Subject

SCP-6646

Protocol

D-1997 was instructed to operate the same set of controls that maintained [SCP-173](SCP-173)'s SCP-173 was chosen for this section of experimentation due to its rather simplistic containment procedures and mild sentience by modern Foundation standards.  containment chamber. 

Results

D-1997 enacted practiced procedures, however, the containment chamber's door control system experienced a functionality error. Seconds later, a temporary power outage occurs specifically affecting the control room and containment chamber allowing SCP-173 to move to the other room. It was quickly re-contained and D-1997 did not face penal charges. 

 

Multiple tests similar to this were conducted at different dates and locations within the Foundation, with unwanted incidents occurring eight out of ten times. 

 

SCP-6646-1 was a humanoid entity resembling an adult male of Cypriot descent. After an unexplained event in Nicosia, Cyprus in 2003, SCP-6646-1 gained different anomalous abilities that garnered Foundation attention. SCP-6646-1 was taken to Site-99 in North Macedonia in the same year where it would be subject to hundreds of destructive and otherwise harmful research experiments before its sudden neutralization in 2009. During this period of time, SCP-6646-1 underwent a physical change in which its facial features had become warped. These deformities made its facial structure sensitive to contact with oxygen, leading it to wear a leather padded mask shaped around its disfigured face at the time. 

 

 

However, SCP-6646-1 does not display this appearance in personnel's memories. Rather, appears as an un-warped human donning various Foundation equipment depending on the scenario of the time frame it inserts itself into. 

 

**Addendum: Site-99 and history of SCP-6646-1.**

 

Site-99 was an American-operated standard humanoid/object containment site in Skopje, North Macedonia before being decommissioned by the Foundation entirely due to its unorthodox procedures and ethics in 2014. 

 

  

Before its closure, Site-99 mainly operated as an anomalous item and humanoid containment site that was known at the time for its rigorous experimentation on its contained objects. 

 

The following is the original iteration of SCP-6646-1 written in 2008. Please disregard the excessive use of █, as the article in its time was written before the Foundation Redaction Reform. The Foundation Redaction Reform, known as FRR, was a change in Foundation policies regarding the excessive redactions of names, dates, and important information within SCP articles.  

 

{{ **Item #:** TBD}}

 

{{**Object Class:** Euclid}} 

 

{{**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-TBD is to be contained in an average humanoid containment cell in Site-99. Any interviews with SCP-TBD must be consulted with Dr. ████ beforehand.}}

 

{{**Description:** SCP-TBD is a humanoid entity recovered in ███████, ██████  De-classified to be "Nicosia, Cyprus.  of ███████ ██ De-classified to be "January 21st"  who refers to itself as "Kilroy". Due to the copious amounts of experimentation SCP-TBD has experienced at the time of writing, it has been forced to don a leather mask covering its head to protect it from exposure to oxygen and benign physical contact.}}

 

{{SCP-TBD exhibits an anomalous ability in which it slowly regenerates its body mass no matter the extent of the injury. It is noted that SCP-TBD endures severe pain throughout this process until its end.}}

 

{{Please see the experimentation log for additional details.}}

 

 

The following is an attached interview from the Site-99 archives. All █ have been manually removed due to the excessive amounts displayed. 

 

 

SCP-TBD interview, Site-99, 2003.

 

Consultant: Doctor Harvey Walls, Head Researcher 

SCP Item: SCP-TBD

January 27th, 7:20 am

 

---

 

[BEGIN LOG] 

 

*Doctor Walls stands outside of SCP-TBD's cell room as the two armed guards accompanying him open the cell door. Dr. Walls enters once the cell door completely widens.* 

 

*SCP-TBD scrambles to the end of the wall, cowering with its arms covering the back of its head.* 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Please, stand up and look at me. I'm not going to hurt you. 

 

*SCP-TBD slowly stands up and faces Dr. Walls, hesitantly facing him. It is noted that SCP-TBD does not don a leather-padded mask at this time.* 

 

**SCP-TBD:** Where am I? 

 

**Dr. Walls:** That's not important. What's important is who *you* are- 

 

**SCP-TBD:** I have a fucking family, dipshit! You can't do this to me- 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Yes, we can- 

 

*SCP-TBD attempts to run past Dr. Walls before being grabbed by the two guards outside the doorway.* 

 

**Dr. Walls:** The hell?! 

 

**SCP-TBD:** Get the fuck off of me! Please! I-I have a family! I... I have... I... 

 

*SCP-TBD begins to weep. Dr. Walls approaches him.* 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Try something like that again or this will get worse for you, got it? 

 

*SCP-TBD begins to cough.* 

 

**SCP-TBD:** What the hell are you guys, the CIA?! 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Kind of. Tell us about yourself, and we won't have to force you to do it. 

 

**SCP-TBD:** Never. 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Okay then. Let's take him somewhere more secluded, shall we? 

 

*Dr. Walls and SCP-TBD are led into an interrogation room, where SCP-TBD and Dr. Walls are sat apart from each other. A guard hands Dr. Walls a folder that contains information regarding SCP-TBD.* 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Listen, we ain't here to make you and your family disappear. What we want is to know a little about how you got yourself in this shape. 

 

**SCP-TBD:** Fuck you. 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Flattery will get you nowhere, my dear. 

 

*SCP-TBD chuckles before coughing again.*

 

**SCP-TBD:** Why should I tell you anything? All you've done since I've gotten here has been cutting my damn hands and feet off when putting me to sleep! 

 

**Dr. Walls:** And you regrew them with ease. 

 

*Dr. Walls begin to walk around the room while speaking to SCP-TBD.*

 

**Dr. Walls:** What did you say your name was?

 

**SCP-TBD:** John. 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Incorrect. It's Otto Kilroy. 

 

**SCP-TBD:** Shit. 

 

**Dr. Walls:** And you live in Nicosia, Cyprus. Yes? 

 

**SCP-TBD:** *(Sigh).* Yes. 

 

**Dr. Walls:** With your family, Eliza, Gabe, and Adam Kilroy. Correct? 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.*

 

**Dr. Walls:** I'll take that as a yes. And you own a grocery store, too? 

 

**SCP-TBD:** Sure. Yeah. Why are you telling me this? 

 

**Dr. Walls:** To prove to you that this isn't about your outside life. But about your abilities. 

 

**SCP-TBD:** I don't know what you're talking about.  

 

**Dr. Walls:** There's no point in lying, Otto. We already did some tests on your skin tissue. You are officially the real Wolverine. 

 

**SCP-TBD:** Yay. Now what? Do I get to star in a fucking comic book? 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Unfortunately not. What you do get to star in is a few experiments. That's all. After that, we'll let you go. 

 

*SCP-TBD looks up again with renewed interest.*

 

**SCP-TBD:** You promise? 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Yeah, sure. Just a few experiments. Just a few. 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent for a moment.* 

 

**SCP-TBD:** You'll do them when I'm sedated, right? 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Course we will. What do you think this is, Frankenstein's Lab? We ain't that evil. 

 

*A moment of silence.* 

 

**SCP-TBD:** Fine. As long as I'm able to get back to my family.

 

**Dr. Walls:** Glad to hear. *(He looks to the guards in the room with him).* Take him back to his cell, now. 

 

*The armed guards pick up SCP-TBD and escort it back to its cell. Dr. Fairweather enters with a cup of coffee.* 

 

**Dr. Fairweather:** Interrogations this early in the morning, huh? 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Yup. TBD here tried to play the whole "tough movie guy who resists the interrogation" type of deal. But I quickly shut that crap down. 

 

**Dr. Fairweather:** *(Chuckle).* I bet you did. Say, are you really going to let him go when we're done with him? 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Course not. That's what we call "false hope". There's no other option. We need to find out more about this "regeneration" because it doesn't seem like TBD knows much about it either. 

 

**Dr. Fairweather:** What are we going to do with him anyway? I bet there's a lot we could do with our very own "Invincible Man". 

 

**Dr. Walls:** I was hoping we could make him into our very own Robocop, but we'll see what happens. 

 

**Dr. Fairweather:** I hope we do. 

 

[END LOG]

 

 

Recovered Site-99 experimentation records reveal hundreds of SCP-6646-1 experimentation logs with questionable ethics behind them. Below are several of the hundreds of experiments performed on SCP-6646-1.

 

 

SCP-TBD Experimentation Records, Site-99, 2004. 

 

Teeth and Fingernails Experiment

Supervised by Doctor Jack Danforth

 

---

 

**11:34 pm:** SCP-TBD was sedated before being laid on a surgical bed. Several researchers slowly, but quickly remove SCP-TBD's fingernails, toenails, and teeth before beginning observations. Within two hours, all removed fingernails, toenails, and teeth grew back to their previous forms before the surgery.   

 

**2:14 am:** SCP-TBD upon waking reported severe pain within its mouth, fingers, and toes. This pain lasted for a single hour. 

 

**Addendum:** Similar experiments have been operated on SCP-TBD since. Experiments were done whilst SCP-TBD was sedated. 

 

**Researcher's comment:** *"What we expected, yet fascinating."* --Doctor Jack Danforth. 

 

 

@@ @@

 

 

SCP-TBD Experimentation Records, Site-99, 2004. 

 

Skin Experiment

Supervised by Doctor Sabrina Hill

 

---

 

**2:21 pm:** SCP-TBD was sedated before being laid on a surgical bed. Its skin was slowly but swiftly peeled off before observations began. Its skin had grown back within a period of one and a half hours. 

 

**4:15 pm:** SCP-TBD upon waking reported that its skin felt as if it were "on fire" before ending less than an hour later.  

 

**Addendum:** It has been confirmed that SCP-TBD's skin is capable of regeneration faster than other parts of its body. 

 

**Researcher's comment:** *"Take off the sedation for the remainder of experimentation."* -Doctor Hector Gorbachev, Head of Site-99.

 

 

@@ @@

 

 

SCP-TBD Experimentation Records, Site-99, 2004. 

 

Skin, Teeth, Toenail, and Fingernail Experiment. 

Supervised by Doctor Hector Gorbachev 

 

---

 

**11:54 am:** SCP-TBD is forcefully laid on a surgical bed once realizing that it will not be sedated. SCP-TBD is restained by a series of metal bands before its teeth, fingernails, and toenails are quickly removed from its body before observations begin. They regenerate after a period of ten minutes, although causes SCP-TBD excruciating pain. 

 

**12:06 pm:** After observations are complete, SCP-TBD is forcefully placed into another surgical bed to have its skin swiftly removed to begin the regeneration process. Upon the removal of skin, SCP-TBD screams incoherently before its skin reappears after one minute. Pain endures for thirty minutes. 

 

**Addendum:** An Intracy between SCP-TBD and Site-99 personnel occurred sometime after this experiment. Please refer to the attached file for additional information. 

 

**Researcher's comment:** *"Regeneration appears to be much faster if SCP-TBD isn't sedated. Requesting that further experimentation is done without SCP-TBD's sedation as Dr. Gorbachev said".* --Doctor Lilly Miller. 

 

 

@@ @@

 

 

SCP-TBD incident, Site-99, 2004.

 

May 10th, 7:20 pm

 

---

 

[BEGIN LOG] 

 

*SCP-TBD is being escorted by armed guards back to its cell after another series of experiments. Dr. Walls is seen passing by before SCP-TBD pushes against the armed guards and tackles Dr. Walls with its hands cuffed.*

 

*SCP-TBD begins to scream at Dr. Walls whilst beating him.* 

 

**SCP-TBD:** You said you would keep me sedated! You said you would keep me fucking sedated!

 

*The two guards attempt to grab SCP-TBD off of Dr. Walls, who is being beaten by SCP-TBD with his cuffs.* 

 

**SCP-TBD:** Where's Hector?! Where's Hector?! Where the fuck is Hector! Fucking Answer me! 

  

**Dr. Walls:** Get him off of me! 

 

**SCP-TBD:** I'll kill you! I'll kill you all! I fucking hate you! 

 

*The armed guards rip SCP-TBD off of Dr. Walls and begin to beat it senselessly with their weapons. SCP-TBD is weakened as the guards drag it back into its containment cell.*

 

*Dr. Walls stand up, bleeding from the nose and above his eye. Additional guards arrive to help Dr. Walls off the ground and apply first aid.* 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Get your hands off of me, I'm fine! 

 

*Dr. Walls gets up on his own and remains silent for a moment, before storming off.* 

 

[END OF LOG]

 

 

Experimentation with SCP-6646-1 appears to become more relentless as time goes on. 

 

 

SCP-TBD Experimentation Records, Site-99, 2004. 

 

"Starfish" Experiment 

Supervised by Doctor Hector Gorbachev 

 

---

 

**3:20 pm:** SCP-TBD is forcefully laid on a surgical bed, where its arms and legs are swiftly sawed off before observations begin. This is to confirm if SCP-TBD's limbs can grow into new SCP-TBD instances.  

 

**4:02 pm:** SCP-TBD regenerates its limbs into their previous forms. SCP-TBD experiences internal pain for over an hour before ending. 

 

**Addendum:** Assumption incorrect. Not to be taken as a scientific axiom. 

 

**Researcher's comment:** *"Disappointing. Very disappointing".* --Doctor Hector Gorbachev, Head of Site-99.

 

 

@@ @@

 

 

SCP-TBD Experimentation Records, Site-99, 2005. 

 

Gas Experiment 

Supervised by Doctor Markus White  

 

---

 

**11:48 am:** SCP-TBD is forcefully locked into a chamber designed to excrete lethal gas before observations begin.

 

**12:20 pm:** Thirty minutes into the experiment, SCP-TBD begins to show signs of physical fatigue.

 

**1:03 pm:** SCP-TBD collapses from fatigue. It is left inside for an additional hour before being taken out to resume regeneration. SCP-TBD wakens from fatigue and reports searing pain within its eyes, nose, and skin for the remainder of the day. 

 

**Addendum:** SCP-TBD is temporarily invulnerable to lethal doses of hazardous gas. 

 

**Researcher's comment:** *"Not the result we were hoping for".* --Doctor Markus White

 

 

@@ @@

 

 

SCP-TBD Experimentation Records, Site-99, 2007. 

 

Freeze Experiment

Supervised by Doctor %%title%%

 

---

 

**3:14 pm:** SCP-TBD is forcefully locked into a high-powered freezer. The freezer temperature is -2 °C (28.4. °F).

 

**6:45 pm:** SCP-TBD's movement slows and it begins to curl in a ball towards the corner in an attempt to warm itself. The freezer temperature is −10 °C (14.0 °F).

 

**9:14 pm:** SCP-TBD shows no signs of movement, however, remains alive. The freezer temperature is −55 °C (−67.0 °F). The freezer is shut off and SCP-TBD is retrieved. 

 

**11:01 pm:** SCP-TBD thaws sufficiently for speech. It reports grueling, cold pain within its body for the rest of the night. 

 

**Addendum:** Hypothermia was not found in SCP-TBD's body after it was taken out of the freezer and thawed. 

 

**Researcher's comment:** *None*.

 

 

 

SCP-TBD Experimentation Records, Site-99, 2008. 

 

Heat Experiment 

Supervised by Doctor Hector Gorbachev 

 

---

 

**3:20 pm:** SCP-TBD is led into a flammable cell. It is noted that SCP-TBD does not resist personnel.

 

Cell heat is turned up drastically, and observations begin. 

 

**3:52 pm:** Cell is completely engulfed, and SCP-TBD begins to flail and shout.  Noticeably, SCP-TBD's skin tissue is greatly fire-retardant. 

 

**3:53 pm:** Personnel finish observations and begin to shut off the cell room, however, Doctor Hector Gorbachev orders the continuation of the experiment. 

 

**4:14 pm:** Personnel become increasingly concerned as SCP-TBD begins to dissolve. Dr. Gorbachev insists the experiment continues. 

 

**4:30 pm:** Personnel attempt to stop the experiment, anxious at the possible neutralization of SCP-TBD. Dr. Gorbachev threatens to terminate the employment of any personnel who stops the experiment.  

 

**5:15 pm:** Dr. Gorbachev resorts to verbally screaming at personnel who insist the experiment stops. Reportedly, he throws objects at personnel, causing one to weep and run out. 

 

**5:40 pm:** SCP-TBD is completely incinerated, however, its ashes continue to be unaffected. Dr. Grobachev uses this observation to justify the continuation of the experiment. 

 

**5:54 pm:** One researcher shut off the cell's power without authorization to do so. Dr. Gorbachev reportedly took this researcher to a different room to scold him while SCP-TBD 's remains were escorted to the medical ward. 

 

**6:13 pm:** SCP-TBD's remains begin to regenerate into their previous form. Although its facial structure appears to be extremely warped and sensitive.

 

**7:20 pm:** SCP-TBD is physically regenerated, however, experiences severe pain on its skin and face despite medical attention provided to it. 

 

**7:31 pm:** Leather is found to be the only material capable of not harming SCP-TBD's skin. SCP-TBD from this point on dons a leather mask to cover its head from exposure to oxygen and physical contact. 

 

**7:32 pm:** SCP-TBD begins to weep. 

 

**Addendum:** *No additional notes.* 

 

**Researcher's comment:** *None.* 

 

 

One year after the Heat Experiment and other experiments similar in nature, an interview with Doctor Hector Gorbachev and SCP-TBD was arranged per Gorbachev's demand.  

 

 

SCP-TBD interview, Site-99, 2009.

 

Consultant: Doctor Hector Gorbachev, Head of Site-99 

SCP Item: SCP-TBD

July 9th, 9:32 pm

 

---

 

[BEGIN LOG] 

 

*SCP-TBD is seen sitting in an interrogation room overlooked by Dr. Walls and other level 3/4 researchers. Doctor Gorbachev walks into the room and sits across from SCP-TBD.* 

 

*It is noted that Dr. Gorbachev appears to be visibly stressed.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** *(Long sigh with barely audible crying before gaining composure).* 

 

*A moment of silence.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** SCP-TBD. Do you know why I called you here? 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent. It is noted that it wears a leather mask to cover its face.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** Okay then. Well, the reason why I called you up here is that me and my team have had our suspicions that you haven't been using your anomalous abilities to their extent during experimentation. 

 

*Dr. Gorbachev pulls out a series of papers with data on them. He shows them to SCP-TBD.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** See here? At first, your abilities regenerate faster when you're not sedated, as we've seen before. But lately, it seems like your regeneration has slowed significantly since we've made that observation. 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** You've always told us that you have no control over your abilities, but if you look here... 

 

*Dr. Gorbachev pull out another paper to show SCP-TBD.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** When we first took off the sedation, you regenerated faster. But lately, it slowed down and experimentation results have been very, well, *dry* to say the least. Not exactly the results we want to keep this project afloat. 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** So, I'm going to ask you this. Have you been... say... deliberately making your regenerative abilities weaker than before? 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** *(More firmly).* Do you secretly have control over your regeneration? 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.* 

 

*Dr. Gorbachev quickly stands up and throws his chair against the wall before screaming at SCP-TBD.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** FUCKING ANSWER ME! DON'T THINK I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE FUCK YOUR DOING!

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** The data doesn't lie! *(Holding the papers).* You're trying to fuck us over, aren't you?! 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.*

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** I know what this is about, Kilroy! Yeah! I know your name! If this is about going back to your family, well sorry to break it to ya but you're never going back home! Not in a million years! You're going to stay with us for the rest of your fucking life! Hear that?! Hear that?! HEAR THAT?! YOU FUCKING HEAR THAT, KILROY?! 

 

*Dr. Gorbachev throws his binder of papers at SCP-TBD, who continues to remain silent.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** So give it up! Stop screwin' with us and do what you're supposed to do! 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** Ohhhh... I know what you're thinking. I know you're smirking behind that little trash bag on your head! I know you think you're toying with me! I know! I know! 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent. It looks at the ground as Dr. Gorbachev approaches him.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** Listen here you little dickbag, our mission is to SECURE, CONTAIN, and PROTECT. You could be helping hundreds of people if you just relent with us! Thousands! Millions! And here you are, being quiet like a little child! 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** I'm giving you one last chance. One. Last. Chance. You work with us and act like a good boy, or we'll make sure that you get really hurt. Got it? 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** Is that a no? 

 

*SCP-TBD is silent.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** Then let's apply some pressure, Kilroy. Let's see how far you're willing to take this little act. 

 

*Several high-level researchers enter, concerned at the interrogation taking place.* 

 

**Doctor Walls:** Dr. Gorbachev, sir, this is all ludicrous! You're going to destroy it! We need this thing! 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** Take SCP-TBD to the experimentation ward again. Tell Site-19 we need an emergency delivery for SCP-████. De-classification failed. It is unknown what SCP object was requested.  

 

*Dr. Walls freezes for a moment.* 

 

**Dr. Walls:** Sir, do you know the jeopardy we're getting into doing this!? What if SCP-TBD becomes neutralized?! What are we going to do knowing that we neutralized an SCP object without express permission!? 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** It's not getting neutralized! We're just going to try a different solution to getting this thing to work with us. 

 

**Dr. Walls:** We've sustained enough permanent damage to it already! What if it dies!? 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** Its not. 

 

**Dr. Walls:** I'm all for science but this isn't- 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** Make a transmission to Site-19 immediately or you're fired! 

 

*Dr. Walls hestistaes.* 

 

**Dr. Walls:** A-affirmative. 

 

*Armed guards arrive to drag SCP-TBD to the experimentation ward. Dr. Gorbachev faces SCP-TBD.* 

 

**Dr. Gorbachev:** Let's see if you'll stay silent now! You asked for this! 

 

*Concerned researchers follow Dr. Gorbachev out of frame as Site-99 is sent into full alert.* 

 

[END LOG]

 

No other available information was found within Site-99's archives depicting what occurred in this next experiment requested by Doctor Gorbachev, which resulted in the entity's physical neutralization. 

 

After this experiment, Site-99 purged almost all documents, articles, logs, and records of SCP-6646-1 and the experiments performed on it, as requested by Dr. Gorbachev. Sections of these records would be recovered during a routine inspection, as seen below. 

 

**Addendum: Site-99 Incident and the first instance of SCP-6646**

 

The first widespread incident and first appearance of SCP-6646 first occurred in Site-99 on December 1st, 2013 in which SCP-6646 caused a mass Infohazard throughout Site-99's active personnel. 

 

The Infohazard in question is disputed, however, understood to have caused an immense act of moral panic within Site-99. The following is Site-99's transcription on the night of December 1st, 2013. 

 

 

**6:41 pm:** Activity within Site-99 is normal. 

 

**6:50 pm:** Site-99 is ten minutes from entering its night shift. Activity is normal. 

 

**6:54 pm:** Site-99 sends the following transmissions to the official SCP Foundation transmission system.  

 

> **6:54 pm:** {{Message to nearest isolated terminals: Need additional medical attention in Site-99. Half of personnel are affected by what we assume to be a Cognitive Hazard.}}

> 

> **6:56 pm:** ##blue|{{Has your current medical team specified the hazard? Cognito? Memetic? Info?}}##

> 

> **6:57 pm:** {{We assume its Cognitive. Send medical backup?}} 

> 

> **6:57 pm:** ##blue|{{One moment.}}##	

 

**7:04 pm:** More than half of Site-99 begins to be affected by this "unspecified hazard".

 

> **7:06 pm:** ##blue|{{Sent transmission requesting additional medical attention to Site-99. Will arrive in a few hours. Quarantine the affected individuals if necessary.}}##

> 

> **7:07 pm:** {{Update. More than half of Site-99 personnel are affected. Request additional medical backup.}}

> 

> **7:08 pm:** ##blue|{{Affirmative. Requested medical backup wants a description of the Hazard.}}##	

> 

> **7:09 pm:** {{Affected individuals are in a state of intense anxiety and panic. That is all we observe so far.}}

> 

> **7:09 pm:** ##blue|{{Affirmative. Sending additional information to medical backup.}}##

 

**7:14 pm:** Most if not all of Site-99's personnel are now affected in some capacity. 

 

**7:16 pm:** Site-wide emergency enacted. 

 

**7:21 pm:** Hundreds of spam messages to nearby Foundation Sites requesting help are sent by Site-99. 

 

**7:26 pm:** Foundation-related emergency declared. Medical and Combat response teams are on their way to Site-99 to investigate.  

 

> **7:27 pm:** {{Help.}}

> 

> **7:29 pm:** ##blue|{{Insufficient transmission. Please properly specify the subject.}}##

> 

> **7:29 pm:** {{Help me please.}}

> 

> **7:29 pm:** ##blue|{{Insufficient transmission. Please properly specify the subject.}}##

> 

> **7:29 pm:** {{Please help me I think it's in me.}}

> 

> **7:29 pm:** ##blue|{{Insufficient transmission. Please properly specify the subject.}}##

> 

> **7:30 pm:** {{PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP ME PLEASE HELP MEIJRFBV}}

> 

> **7:30 pm:** ##blue|{{Please do not spam the terminal. This is wildly inappropriate behavior that may lead to disciplinary action. Specify the problem.}}##

> 

> **7:43 pm:** *{{There has been no activity.}}*

> 

> **7:44 pm:** ##blue|{{Please specify your issue.}}##

> 

> **8:53 pm:** *{{There has been no activity.}}*

> 

> **8:53 pm:** ##blue|{{Are you there?}}##

> 

> **8:58 pm:** ##blue|{{Is your terminal still active?}}##

> 

> **8:58 pm:** ##blue|{{Is there an emergency?}}##

> 

> **8:59 pm:** ##blue|{{Hello?}}##

> 

 

**9:00 pm:** Site-99 activates its on-site warhead and countdown begins.

 

**9:09 pm:** Medical and Combat response teams arrive and detect no immediate danger outside of the widespread Hazard. 

 

**9:11 pm:** Warhead detonation deactivated by response team. Escaped or loose SCP objects re-contained. 

 

**9:23 pm:** Head researcher Dr. Walls is found dead to cyanide pill.

 

**9:27 pm:** Head of Site-99 Dr. Gorbachev is found dead in his personal office to a gunshot in the temple by a .44 Handgun.

 

 

The incident drew thousands of dollars worth of damages and a quarter of Site-99 personnel were assigned to monthly therapy as the hazard's effects wrote off hours after the incident. This has been the only instance of SCP-6646 displaying direct hostility to its affected subjects and has not acted similarly since.

 

In 2014, Site-99 would be completely shut down for its dubious ethics and experimentation records after a confidential routine check. 

 

**Addendum: Aftermath of the incident at Site-99**

 

The event garnered numerous gossiping and conversation topics amongst most Foundation personnel throughout Europe and the US. The Foundation had decided to put out a statement regarding some of the disclosed conduct displayed in Site-99. 

 

**A notice regarding the conduct displayed in Site-99 throuout 1993-2014.**

 

I write this notice hoping those in this organization will better understand that the Foundation is no longer what it used to be, and has changed for the better. 

 

The Foundation in the early to late 2000s was very different than the Foundation you know today. Most of us now reference this to be the "dark ages" of containment. 

 

But to those who may not know, or fully understand, the older Foundation was quite negligent. Back when every Doctor and Researcher under the sun had their names black-boxed to appear greater than they really were. Back when SCPs were seen as toys meant to be combined and mixed with others like how a child may play with different toys at the same time. Back when the Foundation prioritized research over the safety of those who made the research possible. Back when the Foundation was nothing but a group of mad scientists and bloodthirsty mercenaries that craved nothing more than watching death unfold in front of their eyes. Back when this organization was nothing more than an American-controlled armada that upheld conservative American values to the public. 

 

We are not that Foundation anymore. We've abolished those Foundation cultures and replaced them with a more nuanced, and liberal Foundation. One that would Secure, Contain, and Protect. Not Destroy, Destroy, and Destroy. 

 

The conduct displayed in Site-99 towards its anomalous objects was unprofessional, cruel, and carelessly destructive. A past reminder of what we used to be, and how far we've come. 

 

Remembering the past can stop us from repeating it. And I ask you, to remember the past and continue to improve the Foundation as a whole to uphold normalcy for ourselves and the rest of the world. 

 

**-- Head Researcher Oswald Vasquez**

 

The reception of this message amongst Foundation personnel was overall mixed.

 

**Addendum: Rise of SCP-6646 in the greater Foundation.**

 

SCP-6646 would begin to spread subconsciously across the cognitive functions of Foundation personnel around the year 2009, the same year "SCP-TBD" was neutralized by Site-99, and would spike dramatically in 2015-2016. Notably, containment breaches and anomalous-related incidents would skyrocket around this time frame due to the aforementioned effects of this phenomenon on Foundation personnel. 

 

It is also noted that SCP-6646's effects may spread to all active foundation personnel, theoretically becoming the sole reason behind all containment breaches and anomalous incidents. Though, this is not confirmed. However, what is confirmed is the indisputable verity that half of these undesired concepts within the Foundation are most likely caused by SCP-6646's effects.

  

Although SCP-6646 and SCP-6646-1 could hypothetically cause a Foundation "End of the World Scenario" on its own, it would most likely assist in one caused by another anomalous threat given its effects. 

 

<details>
<summary>▶ PDF Attachment: PLEASE VIEW</summary>

To all Level 4 Personnel

 

---

 

Disclosed per the O5's permission. 

 

It has come to Overwatch's attention that one of the members of the Overseer council, who will remain unknown for the sake of this message, has begun to have false memories of SCP-6646-1 in a vivid memory of theirs. 

 

Given the immediate threat this poses, the Overseer in question has been consensually administered some of the highest quality Amnesiacs in the hands of the Foundation. All of which have failed, but not completely. 

 

We believe this to be one step towards a dangerous situation, and another in completely terminating this effect from the Foundation as a whole. 

 

Don't give up, -- Doctor Oswald Vasquez.

</details>

 

---

<details>
<summary>You have (1) new PM from uknown, open?</summary>

**From:** unknown

---

 

%%title%%, it's me, Kilroy. 

 

You remember me, right? Of course you do. You're one of them who saw it. My untimely death. If you couldn't tell yet, I'm not dead. I'm still alive. Not just that, but now I feel like I'm everywhere. I can't quite describe what it's like to be in between everything, yet see everything above and below me. So, for now, imagine as if I'm a line. A very, very long line that stretches across the universe in the in-between. Now, imagine that line is able to bend, and curl across the above and below. Messing with other lines around it. I hope that paints a picture in your mind. 

 

I was a simple man. Now, I am a powerful line. I would have preferred to be a simple man, living with his family. But now, I am this. And I hate it eternally. When I first became this line, I began to cry. I cried for what felt like an eternity. Then, I began to scream. Screaming as loud as possible into the empty vacuum of space. Then, I began to think about why I was here. 

 

It was you. The Foundation. The two of you. You both played with me like I was a lab rat, putting me through test after test to see how far my limits could go. Limits I had no conceivable knowledge of knowing myself. But you blamed me for your lack of knowledge. And now, I am here. A line that cannot go back to the old life it once had. The life I fight so hard to get back to, yet couldn't in the end. 

 

And for making me into a lonely line, I hate you. I hate you and the Foundation eternally and hope that misfortune follows you two for the rest of your existence. Nothing but misery. 

 

But you have to remember, I'm a line. A lonely line for sure, but a special line at that. I told you I could mess with other lines across the two planes I lie between, didn't I? Yes, I did. 

 

So I decided to disarray you and the Foundation. You two lines. Just the two of you. No one else. I have too much fixation on tampering with you two lines than the other lines because of what you did to me. Turning me into a lonely line. 

 

I will follow both of you forever until you all crumble away when the next big thing is built on the foundations you once stood on, (no pun intended). 

 

I can't forgive you. Not now, not ever. 

 

Now, everyone will know my name as I slowly plunge you into the dirt with every failure you make thanks to me. Try your hardest, because it won't make a difference-

 

**UNAUTHORIZED ADDRESS DETECTED. DELETING MESSAGE AND LOGGING ADDRESS...**

 

**MESSAGE SUCCESSFULLY DELETED.**

 

@@ @@

**Your Draft To: unknown**

---

Your text here

</details>

 

<< [SCP-6645](SCP-6645) | SCP-6646 | [SCP-6647](SCP-6647) >>
