#header h1 a::before {

    content: "Department of Spectral Affairs";

    font-size: 50px;

}

#header h2 {

    font-size: 15px;

}

#header h2 span {

    color: transparent;

    text-shadow: none;

}

#header h2 span::before {

    content: "Office of Spectral Entity Diplomacy.";

    color: black;

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    height: 160px;

    width: 100%;

    top: 0;

    position: absolute;

    background: url('https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/welcome-to-spectral-affairs/new_spectral_affairs_logo.png');

    background-size: contain;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-position: 50% 50%;

    z-index: -1;

}

 :root{

   --header-title: "Department of Spectral Affairs";

   --header-subtitle: "Office of Spectral Entity Diplomacy";

   --titleColor: black;

   --subtitleColor: black;

   ~~logo-img: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/welcome-to-spectral-affairs/new_spectral_affairs_logo.png)

}

]

**Special Containment Procedures:** Conventional containment is unnecessary. Instead, SCP-6403 is to be integrated into the Fourth House program, with 6403-A and all -B instances to be relocated to Site-237. The entrance to SCP-6403-C is to be relocated to Site-237 as well, with the original entrance being destroyed by SCP-6403.

**Description:** SCP-6403 is a [Class 5-3-0 Spectral Entity](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/welcome-to-spectral-affairs) currently residing with the Fourth House program at Site-237. SCP-6403 is believed to have been a reality bender before being converted into a Spectral Entity, as it has a significantly high Hume count and can compress space, making large objects fit in smaller areas, among other things. 

SCP-6403-A is a humanoid automaton composed of bronze, approximately 2 meters tall, appearing to be of [Mekhanite](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/church-of-the-broken-god-hub) design. Current estimates place SCP-6403-A to be over 5000 years old. SCP-6403 is currently believed to be bound to SCP-6403-A by unknown thaumaturgical rituals. Currently, no way of removing SCP-6403 from SCP-6403-A has been discovered.

SCP-6403-B is the designation for four other humanoid automatons, similar in shape and design to 6403-A, composed of iron and steel. SCP-6403 is currently in control of all four -B instances and has been shown to rebuild or repair damaged instances.

SCP-6403-C is a spatial anomaly with the entrance originally located underneath the Knossos palace. SCP-6403-C contains a large maze-like structure containing a currently unknown number of corridors and rooms. The layout of this structure will constantly change, with all rooms and corridors moving to other locations, with the exception of the center room. Although SCP-6403 has some amount of control over this effect, it will happen regardless of SCP-6403 influence. While the geography close to the center is typically Euclidean, going too far away from the center will inevitably lead back to the center room.

**Discovery:** SCP-6403 was first noticed on May 9, 2016, when a spike of Hume and [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4973 Ectoplasm] levels were noticed around Heraklion, Greece via Foundation satellites. Deep-cover Foundation moles in the Greek government report that on this day, 3 teenagers disappeared that were last seen around the Knossos palace complex. Although it was originally thought that these were unrelated, 4 days later when 2 police officers went missing around the Knossos palace complex, another spike was noticed. At this point, the Foundation sent in [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#mu-13 MTF- Mu-13 ("Ghostbusters")] to investigate, due to the potential of a Spectral Entity-related threat. 

<details>
<summary> + Exploration Log 6403.1</summary>

### Personnel:

**Mu-13 Alpha:** Captain H. Tappman, Lead

**Mu-13 Bravo:** Lieutenant G. Natley, Heavy Weapons Expert

**Mu-13 Charlie:** Lieutenant D. Daneeka, Marksman and Field Medic

**Mu-13 Delta:** Lieutenant C. Cathcart, Spectral Entity Tracking and Identification Expert

**Mu-13 Echo:** Sergeant S. Dobbs, Phasmology and Thaumaturgy Expert 

---

<Begin Video Log: [12:39]>

**Control:** Okay, time for the communications check. Please state your callsign and ID code.

**Alpha:** This is Alpha, ID code: M13-17.

**Bravo:** Bravo, checking in. My ID code is M13-22.

**Charlie:** Charlie, M13-15

**Delta:** Hey! This is Delta and my ID code is M13-28.

**Echo:** Um... Oh yeah. I am Echo, and my ID is... uh, M13-31. 

**Control:** Okay, you're set to enter the building. 

[Mu-13 proceeds to enter the Knossos palace complex.]

**Delta:** Where are all the civilians? Isn't this some tourist destination or something?

**Bravo:** We have the place all to ourselves. This place is locked down due to a cover story about some natural gas leak.

**Alpha:** Alright, enough chatter. Get your Hume detectors ready and spread out. If you find a spike call it in.

[EXTRANEOUS CONTENT REMOVED]

[At this time, Mu-13 Charlie's Hume Counter showed a significant increase in local levels.]

**Charlie:** I have something!

[The rest of Mu-13 reaches Charlie's location.]

**Charlie:** Over there. [They point at an ornate mural across a wall.]

**Alpha:** Good work Charlie. Everyone, look around for anything out of the ordinary. 

[Mu-13 proceeds to observe the scene.]

**Echo:** What's this? Uh...

**Bravo:** What is it?

**Echo:** These symbols. [She points to a set of runes.] These aren't Minoan or Greek. They appear to be ... well I think they are at least ... some thaumaturgical symbols.

**Alpha:** Good work. Do you think you could activate them?

**Echo:** Well, I'm no thaumaturgist myself, but ... there should be a trigger around here somewhere. [She places her hands on the mural.] Maybe ... [Her left hand stops on a bulge] here?

[Mu-13 Echo presses down on the bulge in the Mural. A rumbling noise appears from an unknown location around this time.  Parts of the floor begin to recede into the ground, creating a staircase leading under the mural.]

**Control:** Great work. You have permission to advance.

**Delta:** Last one in is a rotten egg!

[Mu-13 proceeds to advance down the stairs into SCP-6403-C. Upon reaching the bottom Mu-13 encounters a long hallway perpendicular to the staircase.]

**Alpha:** Alright. Let's split up. Charlie and I have the right, Bravo, you take Delta and Echo, and check out the left.

[Mu-13 Bravo, Delta, and Echo head down the left hallway, with Bravo leading the group.] 

**Delta:** This is freaky as hell. 

[Mu-13 Bravo, Delta, and Echo proceed down the hallway before coming across a branch.]

**Bravo:** Well, where should we go?

**Delta:** [Whispering] One potato, two potatoes, three potatoes, fou—

**Bravo:** Oh, shut up. We'll take the left.

[Mu-13 Bravo, Delta, and Echo come across another passageway.]

**Bravo:** This place is like a fucking maze.

**Echo:** Hey ... does that remind you of anything? You know, about a maze on Cre—

[At this moment, 2 SCP-6403-B instances appear out of the right hallway, running at Mu-13 Bravo, Delta, and Echo.

**Delta:** Holy shit! [Mu-13 Delta unholsters his weapon and begins firing.]

[Mu-13 Bravo and Echo begin firing at the SCP-6403-B instances.] 

**Bravo:** Alpha! Charlie! We got bogies! Requesting backup!

**Alpha (over comms):** We have our own situation!

**Bravo:** Dammit.

[Mu-13 Delta lands two shots in quick succession, damaging SCP-6403-B1s left arm and causing it to drop the blade it was holding.]

**Bravo:** Backup isn't coming! Alpha and Charlie have their own situation.

[Mu-13 Bravo shoots SCP-6403-B1 in the right leg, causing it to fall to the ground.]

**Bravo:** Legs! Shoot for the legs!

**Echo:**We can't kill these things! 

**Bravo:** Yeah, but we can slow them down.

[Mu-13 Echo and Delta severely damage SCP-6403-B1. Despite this, SCP-6403-B1 continues advancing towards Mu-13.]

**Unidentified voice:** Pistéveis óti boreís na eisváleis ston lavýrintho mou chorís synépeies?  Greek for: "Do you think you can invade my maze without consequences?" 

[The sound of clanking, presumably from an incoming wave of SCP-6403-B instances, is audible.]

[SCP-6403-B2 attack Mu-13 Delta with a large pipe, presumably breaking or fracturing her arm.]

**Delta:** Ahhhgh! [Mu-13 Delta drops her rifle.]

[Mu-13 Bravo and Echo shoot SCP-6403-B2 multiple times, incapacitating it.]

**Bravo:** Shit! Delta's injured and we got more coming. Alpha, requesting permission to retreat.

**Alpha (over comms):** Dammit Bravo. Control, do we have the all-clear?

**Control:** Mu-13, you are clear to retreat. 

**Alpha over (comms):** Retreat! Retreat!

**Bravo:** Give me cover fire, while I get Delta. [Mu-13 Bravo grabs Mu-13 Delta and heads out of view.]

[Mu-13 Echo starts following Mu-13 Bravo and Delta, occasionally firing at the approaching SCP-6403-B instances.]

[Mu-13 Echo regroups with Mu-13 Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, and Delta and exits SCP-6403-C.]

**Alpha:** Echo, close this goddamn door! We got more coming!

**Echo:** Just a sec. [Mu-13 Echo closes her eyes and places her hand on the mural. A rumbling sound is audible as the stairs rise up into the floor.]

**Bravo:** Delta needs medical attention! 

**Charlie:** On it. [Mu-13 Charlie kneels next to Mu-13 Delta and begins applying a brace to her arm.]

**Delta:** That thing... was clearly very intelligent. At least a 3 if not a 4. Pretty strong too ... if it can control all of those ... stupid automatons at once. 

**Bravo:** Well, shooting them didn't work. What are we gonna do now?

**Alpha:** Dammit!

**Bravo:** What is it? 

**Alpha:** We need the goddamn ghost fuckers.

<End Video Log: [13:05]>

</details>

**Addendum 6403.1:**

After the events of exploration log 6403.1, Site-01 command voted to send the Office of Spectral Entity Diplomacy in, in an attempt to negotiate with SCP-6403. Foundation Diplomat Naomh Uma was dispatched to SCP-6403 location, along with an entourage of six (6) armed field agents in case of attack by SCP-6403 or other parties. 

<details>
<summary> + Interview Log 6403.1</summary>

**Interviewer:** Foundation Diplomat Naomh Uma, Bachelor of Political Science

**Interviewer:** SCP-6403

**Opening Statements:** All communication has been translated from Greek unless otherwise stated.

---

<Begin Video Log: [9:18]>

[Naomh Uma advances down into SCP-6403-C followed by six (6) field agents.]

**Naomh Uma:** I come in peace! I only wish to talk! [She waves an olive branch in the air.]

**SCP-6403:** Leave your guards behind!

**N. Uma (in English):** Stay here. I have this.

[N. Uma advances deeper into SCP-6403-C, leaving the field agents behind. A section wall in front of her slides into the floor, revealing a passage leading directly into the center room.]

**N. Uma:** This is quite a maze you have here. Do you mind telling me about it?

**SCP-6403:** I would prefer we talk face to face.

[N. Uma advances into the center. SCP-6403-A is in the middle, surrounded by several scrolls and unidentified mechanical parts hovering in the air.]

**SCP-6403-A:** I see you speak Greek, unlike those men that only spoke that barbaric excuse for a language.

**N. Uma:** Yes, I happen to speak Greek quite fluently. My name is Naomh Uma, and I work for a group called the SCP Foundation. I help with negotiations involving entities with your ... predicament.  

**SCP-6403-A:** I am quite aware of my spectral form Ms. Uma. 

**N. Uma:** Great, that makes this a lot easier then. Do you mind if I ask you a couple of questions?

**SCP-6403-A:** Well, I have nothing better to do, do ask away.

**N. Uma:** let's start with a simple one: Who were you before you become a Spectral Entity?

**SCP-6403-A:** I was a great and mighty thinker, the chosen of Mekhane! I was revered all throughout Greece for my intelligence and inventiveness. 

**N. Uma:** How did you become a Spectral Entity?

**SCP-6403-A:**I was trapped here for many years by a cruel and unforgiving king. I created this maze by his will before he imprisoned me here. After a long time lurking me and my so— I mean, I escaped. I fled and hid, but the king was cunning. I killed him, but before I could escape, his cult captured me and brought me here. They forced me to create this vessel, claiming it was "to give their master a new body". [SCP-6403-A sighs.] Unfortunately, they bound me to this instead, and locked me here in some sort of "eternal punishment". Thank Mekhane I still have my sanity.

[N. Uma scrawls a note on her pad: *SCP-6403 is a separate entity from the automaton it is hosted in. Possible -A designation?*]

**N. Uma:**  Could you tell me more about the automatons in the maze?

**SCP-6403-A:** They are, by extent, me. I am ... inhabiting their bodies, along with my own. Although I cannot leave it, my reach extends far beyond this vessel.

[N. Uma writes a note on her notepad: *Possibly an Enhajr or Osiris level. Proceed with caution*]

**N. Uma:** Several civilians have gone missing around the palace. Is that your doing?

**SCP-6403-A:** Probably.

**N. Uma:** Would you care to explain?

**SCP-6403-A:** I have not encountered them yet. However, my maze is large, stretching far beyond my reach. It is bound to this palace, and over time the boundaries between the two have weakened. People fall in and out. They may be wandering throughout these halls. 

[N. Uma writes another note on her notepad: *Most likely non-violent. Possible Candidate for Fourth House?*]

**N. Uma:** Do you think it would be possible to move the entrance to this maze and "bind" it to another spot?

**SCP-6403-A:** Perhaps. I am no mage, merely an inventor.

**N. Uma:** Just one final question: If you had the ability to leave Crete, would you? My organization has a program for Spectral Entities with circumstances such as your own. We would relocate you to a special facility, where you would be content to live, er, spend the rest of your days, away from any civilians.

**SCP-6403-A:** I will ... think about this. 

**N. Uma:** Then that will be all for now. My organization may send another representative soon, so please consider my offer. Thank you for your time.

<End Video Log: [10:23]>

</details>

**Addendum 6403.2:** 

On 5/3/2008, Site-01 command officially voted for the integration of SCP-6403 into the Fourth House program, after the recommendation of OSED and Foundation Diplomat N. Uma. With SCP-6403's consent, SCP-6403-A and all SCP-6403-B instances were relocated to Site-273. Members of [MTF Sigma-3 ("Bibliographers")](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#sigma-3) assisted in the destruction and relocation of SCP-6403-C. SCP-6403 has seemingly adapted well to its new location, with an interview with its assigned psychologist, Dr. Harold Tanaka, attached below.

<details>
<summary> + Interview Log 6403.2</summary>

**Interviewer:** Dr. Harold Tanaka, Doctor of Psychology and Parapsychology

**Interviewee:** SCP-6403

Note: All conversation in this log occurs in English, which SCP-6403 has learned since entering Foundation custody. Because of this SCP-6403 has several breaks in its speech, being denoted by "...".

---

<Begin Video Log:[16:58]>

**Dr. Tanaka:** Hello. I am Dr. Harold Tanaka, and I am recording Psychology session 18 with SCP-6403, February 7, 2009.

**SCP-6403:** Hello Doctor.

**Dr. Tanaka:** Hello SCP-6403. How have you been since our last session?

**SCP-6403:** I have been ... alright. Not much of note has happened. 

**Dr. Tanaka:** Okay. How have you been adapting to the Fourth House?

**SCP-6403:** Well, it is very similar to my old home. I still have my maze and general ... isolation. However, I can speak to you and am not completely alone. 

**Dr. Tanaka:** I'm glad you enjoy these visits! Now, I've heard you have had some troubles with some of the other residents.

**SCP-6403:** They ... they don't understand me. 

**Dr. Tanaka:** I'm sure they don't have anything against you.

**SCP-6403:** I know but ... it is difficult. These sessions are the most interaction I have had in over 5,000 years. 

**Dr. Tanaka:** I know that 6403. Just take it one step at a time. Remember what we talked about last time? 

**SCP-6403:** Yes. I will try my best.

**Dr. Tanaka:** I know you said you were adapting well, but you can be adapted and still feel incomplete. Are you happy? Not content, not satisfied, just happy.

**SCP-6403:** ... Yes. My life has been one set of hurts after another. First, my beloved nephew died, and my city blamed me and banished me. I thought that my ... hardships were over when I was taken in. But then the maze and my son ... [SCP-6403's voice breaks].

**Dr. Tanaka:** It's alright, take as much time as you need.

**SCP-6403:** Thank you Doctor ... and then this forsaken body. I thought that after 5,000 years, I would never find peace. Yet here I am. Thank Mekhane for you and your Foundation. To answer your question, yes Doctor, I am happy.

**Dr. Tanaka:** Thank you so much for your continued cooperation. I think that will be all for today.

**SCP-6403:** Hold on. Do you think you could tell Ms. Uma hello for me?

**Dr. Tanaka:** I'll see what I can do.

<End Video Log: [17:13]>

---

> Entity Designation: SCP-6403

> Cosmo Score: 5-3-0

> Origin: Ritual

> Notes:

> SCP-6403 had been highly cooperative with myself and the Foundation as a whole. Although SCP-6403 does not suffer from any outstanding conditions, the general lack of human contact for 5000+ years has moderately degraded its social skills and mental state, often having outbursts at other residents. How SCP-6403's mental state has not been degraded more, however, is a mystery to me. The entity appears to be highly religious within the Mekhanite faith, so this may have been a contributing factor. One final note is that SCP-6403 seems to have unresolved guilt over its son's death. Further sessions are recommended to help on this issue.

> Final Diagnosis: Stable

</details>

<< [SCP-6402](SCP-6402) | SCP-6403 | [SCP-6404](SCP-6404) >>
