=====

=====

**SCP-6127** - PISS FACTORY

**Author:** 

**[My Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/demolitionderpy-s-author-page)**

**Item #:** SCP-6127

**Object Class:** Argus-Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** An agreement has been reached with the administration of Portsmouth High regarding the use of SCP-6127; the space is now off-limits to students. The performance hall has been renovated into a sports equipment storeroom, with a concrete wall separating the former stage area from the rest of the room -- now accessible by an outer door with a keypad lock.

Hydration is sourced from waste water produced by faucets and toilet flushing mechanisms within the building. This water is then multiplied by approximately 3,806 per litre and evenly manifested into each hydration tube. Urine is reintegrated back into the plumbing system and transformed into drinkable liquid. This loop is then intercepted via invasive plumbing; siphoned liquid is to be collected biweekly. A ladder has been installed to ease entry and exit.

**Description:** SCP-6127 is an extradimensional location only accessible via the leftmost trap door on the show stage at Portsmouth High, Illinois. Affixed to the underside of the door is a blank, yellow, plastic [plaque](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7256). The item is one of three similar locations accessible in the continental United States.

The interior of SCP-6127 measures approximately 860,000 square feet. Its walls are uniformly lined by 3,806 square pipe frames bolted to the floor and ceiling. 605 of these frames each contain a female thoroughbred horse suspended in the centre by elasticated cords. Two rubber hoses connected to the ceiling are fed down its throat and inside its urethral passage respectively. Each frame is engraved with a unique 9-digit serial number, structured '000-00-ICAM'. The first three digits denote the weight of the corresponding horse, and the next two its age: a 7-year-old horse weighing 545kg would receive the number '545-07-ICAM'. The remaining 3,201 frames lack a horse, but retain a serial number.

Students and faculty of Portsmouth High unanimously consider SCP-6127 to be congruent with baseline reality. Prior to Foundation intervention, the facility was used recreationally by students, with most reporting that they had spent time in SCP-6127 with friends before, during, and after schooltime. Faculty generally disapproved of the space, dismissing it as a childish distraction, but did not prohibit its entrance. All seem apathetic in regards to its abnormal properties.

Prior students and faculty of Portsmouth High gradually lose knowledge of SCP-6127, although upon being reminded they are able to vaguely recall the item's existence. These memories reduce in clarity and fondness the longer an individual has ended their affiliation with the school. Complaints from students regarding reinstating access to SCP-6127 are currently under review.

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-6126](SCP-6126) | [SCP-6127](SCP-6127) | [SCP-6128](SCP-6128) >>

> **Filename:** Interior_image_of_the_stage_inside_the_auditorium_at_Marquez_Charter_Elementary_School_in_Pacific_Palisades,_CA.jpg

> **Author:** Jackg98

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Interior_image_of_the_stage_inside_the_auditorium_at_Marquez_Charter_Elementary_School_in_Pacific_Palisades,_CA.jpg
