]

**Item #:** SCP-6212

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Monitoring of the populace of Blackburn is ongoing, with particular attention paid to St. Mark's Church, Buncer Lane. The identification and/or capture of SCP-6212-A is considered a Gamma-level priority.

**Description:** SCP-6212 refers to an Extranormal Event that took place on 01/04/2005 in Blackburn, Lancashire, United Kingdom. The event proceeded as follows:

> **<Begin Log: 10:45All times local.>**

> 

> *A man, designated PoI-6212-01, sneezes inside the Mall BlackburnA large shopping center in downtown Blackburn., producing a notable quantity of greyish liquid of unknown composition. Music playing over PA speakers stops and the lights dim slightly as every other individual within the vicinity turns to look at the subject, silent and unmoving. Subject pauses, clearly taken aback, before asking, "Well? Won't someone say 'bless you'?"*

> 

> *Receiving no response, subject moves through the mall, requesting blessings from random persons while growing increasingly more frantic. Eventually, mall security forcibly removes subject from the premises as onlookers kneel and begin to consume the unknown liquid.*

> 

> **<10:54>**

> 

> *Subject appears visibly shaken, shouting at security personnel before leaving the area. Subject begins to accost passersby, explaining again and again that he sneezed and no one has blessed him. Said individuals react similarly to those within the mall. Subject at one point backs into a waste receptacle and falls, spilling a quantity of unknown liquid, now clear instead of gray. Nearby civilians accost PoI-6212-01, pushing him out of the way so they can ingest the liquid.*

> 

> **<11:12>**

> 

> *PoI-6212-01 moves from downtown Blackburn in a southwesterly direction and at a more rapid pace to King Street, following it across Montague Street to the A674. Subject appears panicked and disoriented, stumbling frequently. Colorless liquid occasionally drips from beneath subject's jacket.*

> 

> **<11:24>**

> 

> *Subject pauses at a street intersection to catch his breath. Colorless liquid pools in place at his feet. A passing jogger stops to ingest it.*

> 

> **<11:33>**

> 

> *Subject continues down the A674 at a slower pace, stopping at numerous businesses along the way, entering and asking for blessings. No individual in these businesses complies with these requests. Subject leaves small pools of liquid at each business upon exit, which are quickly ingested by customers and employees.*

> 

> **<11:45>**

> 

> *Subject increases his pace, leaking colorless liquid at a higher rate. Subject stops eventually at a Tesco Express, catching the attention of persons within. Subject is knocked to the ground as customers and employees rush outside to the various spots of liquid left in subject's wake. Subject hits his head on the pavement and remains still for 4 minutes before getting up and moving away. During this time, clear liquid leaks from subject's head at a high rate.*

> 

> **<11:51>**

> 

> *Subject comes upon row houses west of Garden Street and begins going door-to-door, knocking and asking for a blessing from anyone who answers. Residents react much as other civilians have to his presence. The doors are left stained with liquid, which is ingested by residents.*

> 

> **<12:00>**

> 

> *Subject becomes aware of the sound of church bells ringing the hour. Subject turns north up Rutland Street, going off-road through woods until running into the River Blakewater, which necessitates diversion southwest. Status of liquid unclear.*

> 

> *[Uneventful travel elided. Rate of liquid flow increases further.]*

> 

> **<12:25>**

> 

> *Subject arrives at St. Mark's Church on Buncer Lane and enters. Subject is shaking, panting, sweating, and excreting a constant stream of liquid from all parts of his body. Despite the church being inactive, the interior is clean and lighted.*

> 

> **<12:30>**

> 

> *Subject gains the attention of the church's sole occupant, an unidentified priest designated PoI-6212-02. PoI-6212-01 explains his situation, repeating the phrase, "Bless me, Reverend! Bless me!"*

> 

> *After an extended period of silence, PoI-6212-02 replies, "I am sorry, my son, but there can be no salvation for you."*

> 

> *PoI-6212-01 appears visibly distraught, but further protestations have no effect. Subject collapses to the floor in apparent pain and stills. Over the next eight minutes, subject's body melts into a pool of colorless liquid. PoI-6212-02 watches, displaying no reaction to this event, save to say, "Farewell, Matthew," after which PoI-6212-02 drops to the floor and consumes the puddle of liquid.*

> 

> **<End Log>**

The above incident log was compiled via closed circuit camera footage and first-hand accounts by numerous civilians. It should be noted that such individuals tended to display signs of confusion, doubt and horror when confronted with their own actions while recalling the events of SCP-6212. An area-wide aerosolized amnestics drop was deemed the most efficient way to affect treatment.

**Addendum: Interview 6212-02.1**

> **Interviewed:** PoI-6212-02

> 

> **Interviewer:** Field Agent James Dawson, Site-97

> 

> **Foreword:** Following compilation of the log of SCP-6212, an interview was arranged with the subject residing in St. Mark's Church, Blackburn.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Agent Dawson:** Thank you once again for giving up some of your valuable time for this, Reverend.

> 

> **PoI-6212-02:** Not at all, Detective.Agent Dawson was utilizing Field Cover-0152: Police Investigator for this interview. How can I help you?

> 

> **Dawson:** A few days ago, a man came in here asking to be blessed, which led to a rather... unusual incident. Do you remember that incident?

> 

> **PoI-6212-02:** Ah, no, I'm afraid. I do see many people and perform many blessings, after all. Could you perhaps be more specific?

> 

> *[Agent Dawson reveals some key points of SCP-6212. PoI-6212-02 then fills in some details. See incident log.]*

> 

> **Dawson:** And you found nothing unusual or strange about this event?

> 

> **PoI-6212-02:** I... Goodness. Now that you point it out, I have to wonder why I would have said something like that to a man clearly in distress. And what demon would have possessed me to... *[Shudders and crosses himself.]*

> 

> **PoI-6212-02:** As I recall the events now, it is like recalling a dream. Yes, as I think upon it, the entire circumstance was most peculiar indeed, to put it lightly. Very disturbing. I apologize, but I find I cannot account for my words or actions at all, and this only disturbs me further.

> 

> **Dawson:** I see. Could you perhaps explain to me, postulate if you will, what might prevent someone from being able to seek salvation within the Church?

> 

> **PoI-6212-02:** Why, the very notion is preposterous. The Lord is willing to forgive all His children, should they seek forgiveness. No act is so heinous that salvation is unattainable. It merely requires more effort for some to atone for their sins than others.

> 

> **Dawson:** Right, right. But imagine, if you will, an act so heinous, as you put it, that it truly *is* unforgivable. That not even the good Lord Himself *[Dawson points to the ceiling]* could find it in His heart to offer this poor bloke salvation.

> 

> *[PoI-6212-02 is quiet for a few minutes.]*

> 

> **PoI-6212-02:** Dear God.

> 

> **Dawson:** What is it?

> 

> **PoI-6212-02:** The mere act of contemplating such a sin... *[PoI-6212-02 crosses himself.]* I must ask *your* forgiveness, Detective. You have rattled me to my core. A sin so vile that not even the Lord could forgive it? Such a thing should be impossible, and yet...

> 

> **PoI-6212-02:** *[Shaking, rising to stand.]* Please excuse me, Detective.

> 

> **Dawson:** Of course. Take your time.

> 

> *[Dawson allows PoI-6212-02 to depart the nave for an apse chapel, in clear violation of standard field interview procedure. The Agent waits 15 minutes for subject to reappear before ending the interview per standard field interview procedure.]*

> 

> **<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:** It was not until after Agent Dawson returned to Site-97 that it was discovered no one had thought to ask PoI-6212-02 his name or identity. Upon further questioning, the Agent could not account for his actions during the interview, stating that it "just felt natural to let the fellow have his space." The Agent was given an informal reprimand for dereliction of duty, considering his otherwise commendable service record and the potential of anomalous effects interfering with his conduct.

Follow-up attempts to locate PoI-6212-02 revealed that St. Mark's Church was, in fact, inactive and inaccessible. The interior was dark, with no working electricity despite having been lit during the interview, and the floor was covered in dust and dirt, with no markings indicating recent human occupation. Agent Dawson later confirmed the interior of the church was significantly smaller than when he had interviewed PoI-6212-02, and that it was missing numerous ornamentations and structural features that had been present during his previous visit.

Site-97 called in Mobile Task Forces from sister Sites to conduct a manhunt for PoI-6212-02, with no success. All further attempts to identify PoI-6212-02 or determine his whereabouts, or to account for the discrepancies regarding the interior of St. Mark's Church have met with failure.

**Profiles included in this file:**

**PoI-6212-01**

**PoI-6212-02**

| **Name** | Matthew Gregory Marsden |
| --- | --- |
| **Age** | 29 |
| **Gender** | Male |
| **Place of Residence** | Blackburn, Lancashire, UK |
| **Skin Color** | Fair |
| **Hair Color** | Dark brown |
| **Occupation** | Secondary school physical education teacher |
| **Known Family** | Martha Marsden, Mother, 59, Blackburn |
|  | Alton Marsden, Father, 61, Blackburn |
|  | Tiffany Marsden, Sibling, 23, Liverpool |
| **Distinguishing Features** | None |
| **Personality** | Subject is described as being gregarious but otherwise known for keeping to himself, "boring" and "normal". Had no current romantic interests. |
> **Note:** When subject's parents were notified of his death, neither reacted as might be expected when learning of the death of an immediate family member. Similarity to reactions of civilians involved in SCP-6212 to PoI-6212-01's presence noted. No attempt has been made to contact subject's sister.

> 

> The subject had no criminal record, nor could anyone who knew him recall any incident in which he was involved that could be considered untoward, reprehensible or heinous.

| **Name** | Unknown |
| --- | --- |
| **Age** | Unknown (Appears to be in early 60s) |
| **Gender** | Unknown (Assumed male) |
| **Place of Residence** | Unknown |
| **Skin Color** | Pale |
| **Hair Color** | Grey/blond |
| **Occupation** | Anglican minister (Assumed) |
| **Known Family** | None |
| **Distinguishing Features** | No notable physical features present; possibility of intrinsic memetic hazard |
| **Personality** | Subject is described as calm, serious and friendly if "somewhat detached". |
> **Note:** Subject matches no known records of priests serving in the United Kingdom.

> 

> As of 20/04/2005, subject has been redesignated SCP-6212-A.

<< [SCP-6211](SCP-6211) | SCP-6212 | [SCP-6213](SCP-6213) >>
