*The Romance of the Rose// believed to be an artistic description of SCP-6069-A.|width=300px]]

**Item #:** SCP-6069

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6069-A is to be kept in cold-storage in the medical wing of [Site-43](secure-facility-dossier-site-43).

SCP-6069-B and SCP-6069-C are in joint containment; SCP-6069-B is to be on SCP-6069-C's person at all times. All locations and the timing of designated targets' meeting place described by SCP-6069-C are to be catalogued for future reference. SCP-6069-C is to be deployed at said locations at the approximate time and ordered to mark the targets. SCP-6069-C is to be held in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-43 when not active.

*##blue| These procedures are scheduled to be updated pending results from Addendum-05##*

**Description:** SCP-6069-A is the corpse of an entity comprised of Akiva energyA type of energy emitted by god-like beings., resembling a human male in its early thirties. Two red wings protrude from the subject's back measuring 1 meter in height and having a wingspan of 2.5 meters; the wings are confirmed to be genetically similar to birds belonging to the Columbidae family. SCP-6069-A is dressed in a purple medieval-style tunic and breeches and is adorned with a crown constructed from pure gold. An abundant amount of gunshot wounds are present on SCP-6069-A's waist, torso and head, matching those of an FN P90 submachine gun.

SCP-6069-B is a modified sniper rifle colored in shades of light pink, dark red, and royal purple. Artistic engravings of roses are present on the main body of SCP-6069-B, and the holes of the muzzle and trigger guard are shaped in the style of a cartoon heart. A bow comprised of sinewA traditional bowstring material is wrapped around the stock and thus far resisted any attempts to untie or damage it. SCP-6069-B is capable of accepting any type of sniper ammunition and can be fired without complication. SCP-6069-B does not recoil when the trigger is pulled. Previously, SCP-6069-B had taken the form of a wooden recurve bow accompanied by a quiver of arrows with heart-shaped tips before morphing into its current form.  SCP-6069-B can only be operated by SCP-6069-C, as it will fail to fire for any other individual.

SCP-6069-C is former Foundation security guard Ezekiel Todd, employed at Site-43 for over three years prior to SCP classification. SCP-6069-C possesses the same wing structure as SCP-6069-A but has demonstrated limited dexterity and proficiency in flying due to lack of experienceTraining regimens to increase SCP-6069-C's performance in this area is still ongoing.. SCP-6069-C constantly emits low levels of Akiva radiation which exponentially increase whenever the subject is wielding SCP-6069-B, and will also be unperceivable to humans not associated with the Foundation. When SCP-6069-C uses SCP-6069-B to fire at two or more sentient beings, said beings will form romantic attachments towards each other, leading to the formation of intimate relationships if left uninterrupted. SCP-6069-C is innately able to sense when and where its presence is required to initiate the bonding process. SCP-6069-B is capable of nullifying its capacity of causing physical harm if certain measures are taken with SCP-6069-C *(See Addendum-03 for further details)*.

**History:** On 02/14/2021, SCP-6069-A broke into Site-43 but was not detected by Foundation personnel until SCP-6069-C, with the use of the newly-developed OCULUS gogglesOCULUS goggles are designed for the subject to view moderate cognitiohazardous, memetic and antimemetic anomalies without any detrimental effects. The technology used to construct OCULUS was based on the original [http:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/incident-096-1-a| SCRAMBLE] goggles prototype. witnessed SCP-6069-A preparing to use SCP-6069-B against [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5488| Dr. Nicholas Cann and Helen Dray]. Believing SCP-6069-A was attempting to assassinate them, SCP-6069-C opened fire on the entity, terminating it. The incident was captured on SCP-6069-C's OCULUS goggles.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6069/incident/6069-C</summary>

> **Date:** 02/14/2021

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[The view is from Ezekiel Todd's perspective. Todd is whistling as it enters the breakroom and approaches the coffee maker. Todd grabs the coffee pot and pours its contents into a ceramic mug. Todd begins to add sugar cubes to the mug before being called out by Agent Donovan.]*

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Hey Todd, what's with the new eyewear? Don't tell me, did they finally promote you to an MTF?

> 

> *[Todd turns around and see Agent Donovan and Agent Khan sitting down at one of the tables. Agent Khan is watching the TV as Agent Donovan is consuming a bagel. Todd walks to the table.]*

> 

> **Todd:** Oh hey Don, didn't see you there. Nah, I'm still babysitting the skips as always. The techies just invented some new gear and I was the first chosen to test it out. I think they called it... Ocular? No OCULUS, that's right, OCULUS.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** So they finally got around to building that thing, huh? So what was it like wearing it? Did they make you see some cognitohazards or something?

> 

> **Todd:** They did, but honestly it was kind of disappointing, nothing happened.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Isn't that the point?

> 

> **Todd:** Well, yeah but... eh I guess I was expecting more 'pizazz' if that makes sense. Still, it beats becoming psychotic or ending up braindead. *[Todd sighs and takes a sip from the mug.]*

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** They rejected it didn't they?

> 

> **Todd:** Yep. Said since my background ain't military it would be 'unwarranted' to switch careers. Don't get me wrong, I do like it here it's just that I kind of want more out of life you know?

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Wanting more out of life while being a part of an MTF is an oxymoron most of the time, Todd. You do realize *why* they have high turnover rates, right?

> 

> **Todd:** It's only certain MTFs, Isaac. Besides, at this point I think it'll be more interesting dying from a twenty-foot discount monster than dying from boredom.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** You can always try being an agent. Me and Khan have seen plenty of shit during our time out in the field. I think it'll be right up your alley. We can always have a *third* partner.

> 

> **Todd:** Nah, I would love to, but I doubt they'll even consider letting me out there. I suppose I have to suck it up. *[Todd notices the ring on Agent Donovan's ring finger.]* Wait, does that... Did she accept?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** (Smiles) Cried tears of joy right there on the beach. I wanted to tell you earlier but work got in the way. We're planning to have a party sometime hopefully at the end of this month. Wanna come?

> 

> **Todd:** I would love to but I'm already booked out around that time. You know how stingy the director gets when it comes to scheduling.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Ah that sucks. Perhaps we can try to do something together when you're free. Maybe set up a double date when you find the *'special someone'.*

> 

> **Agent Khan:** It's *girlfriend* Don. We're not in fifth grade.

> 

> **Todd:** Sorry to disappoint but I'm not the romantic type. I don't see myself wearing the ring. In fact,  I don't get how anyone could get into that stuff, even more so when they're dating the wrong person.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Come on, Todd. You're still pissed at that guy your sister is dating? He seemed nice.

> 

> **Todd:** So was Jeffrey Dahmer once. I mean the dude looks like a mix between Dracula and a stoner. I can't for the love of god know what Cassandra sees in him—

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Shh! This is the best part.

> 

> **Todd:** Huh? What part?

> 

> **Agent Khan:** I'm watching *Valentine*, the guy is about to kill somebody.

> 

> **Todd:** Why are you watching a horror movie on Valentine's day?

> 

> **Agent Khan:** If you think for a moment I'm going to waste my lunch on watching a movie about a couple of stupid kids taking too long to make out from the septic tank known as Hollywood, you have another thing coming, Todd.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Uh... yeah. Anyways, I get how it feels man. I sure know I didn't think I wanted to be in a relationship 'till I met Nancy. I suppose some people don't have that spark I guess.

> 

> **Todd:** Ain't that the truth? I should get back to my post though, the director will have my balls if—

> 

> *[Todd's head is facing towards the door. He briefly sees a pink light originating from the hallway from the crevice of the door. The light fades.]*

> 

> **Todd:** What... what the hell was that?

> 

> **Agent Khan:** The hell was what?

> 

> **Todd:** That bright light, you didn't see that just now? *[Todd points to the door.]*

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** No? I have no idea what you're talking about. Are you sure those goggles are working properly? It could be a glitch.

> 

> **Todd:** I... um.... *[Todd eyes the door then back to Agent Donovan.]* Can you stay here for a moment? I need to check something out. 

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** O...kay?

> 

> *[Todd exits into the hallway. It looks to his right, then to his left spotting a pink light receding around the corner. Todd curses under his breath and sighs. It holds onto his firearm and quickly approaches the corner.]*

> 

> **Todd:** Please let it be a glitch. Please let it be a glitch.

> 

> *[Todd turns around the corner and takes a sharp intake of breath. SCP-6069-A is flying 1 meter off the ground. Dr. Cann and Dr. Dray are conversing in the hallway concerning notes on an unrelated SCP object and are unaware of the entity's presence. SCP-6069-A raises SCP-6069-B, preparing to fire an arrow. Todd takes the safety off his weapon and aims at SCP-6069-A.]*

> 

> **Todd:** You! Stop right there! Don't move!

> 

> *[Dr. Dray, Dr. Cann and SCP-6069-A turn around towards Todd. Both doctors display confusion while SCP-6069-A is expressing apparent shock and speaks in Romanian.]*

> 

> **Dr. Cann:** Woah, woah! What's going on?! We're just sharing notes!

> 

> **SCP-6069-A:** **MA POTI VEDEA?! CUM ESTE POSIBIL ACEST LUCRU? EȘTI ȘI UN ILUMINAT?**Translation: You can see me?! How is this possible? Are you an enlightened one as well?

> 

> **Todd:** Drop the weapon and lay on the floor! Now!

> 

> **Dr. Dray:** We don't have any weapons! Hold on, what did we do wrong?!

> 

> **SCP-6069-A:** **INDIFERENT DE! NU VETI INTERFERE CU VOINTA DE DIVIN! PLEAȘTE LA O DATĂ!**Translation: No matter! You will not interfere with the will of the divine! Leave at once!

> 

> **Todd:** Last chance birdie! I'm not asking nicely—

> 

> *[SCP-6069-A uses SCP-6069-B to aim an arrow at Todd. A pink light emanates from its chest, slowly enveloping the hallway. The sound of rushing winds lowers sound quality.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-A:** **AȘA SĂ FIE! ȚI-AI AVUT ȘANȚA! DUMNEZEU, IARTĂ-MĂ CĂ ȚI-AM LIVRAT ACEST SUFLET ÎN ACEASTA CEL MAI BUNĂ ORĂ! MĂ ROG VOI GĂSEȘTE PACE-** Translation: So be it! You had your chance! God, forgive me for delivering this soul to you at this finest hour! I pray you'll find peace-

> 

> *[In a panic, Todd fires multiple rounds into SCP-6069-A. Dr. Cann and Dr. Dray take cover on the floor as Todd continues pulling on the trigger, emptying the entire magazine in the process. SCP-6069-A expires and falls to the floor, allowing it to be seen to the naked eye.]*

> 

> **Dr. Cann:** Jesus!

> 

> **Dr. Dray:** Is that... is that a person?! Oh my god!

> 

> *[Todd treads back slowly a few steps as a puddle of blood forms around SCP-6069-A. Todd puts the firearm back on safety and drops it. It leans against the wall and shudders heavily.]*

> 

> **Todd:** F-Fuck... why couldn't it be a damn glitch!?

> 

> *[Agent Donovan and Agent Khan appear from the corner wielding their firearms. They stop upon seeing SCP-6069-A; all four personnel stare at Todd. Todd raises both hands and removes his OCULUS goggles.]*

> 

> **Todd:** Listen! Listen! I can explain what happened, let's just wait for the security team to arrive and relax! He came at me, there was pink everywhere, I didn't think that would work! So let's not do anything rash—

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C instantly sprouts its wings, ripping through the fabric of its uniform and growing in size before stopping suddenly. SCP-6069-C pauses, looks above its head and then at SCP-6069-A. He exhales.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Huh... shit.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

The security system in Site-43 was alerted as a result and the security team was mobilized. All three anomalies were found in the hall in the pataphysical wing accompanied by four personnel. SCP-6069-A and SCP-6069-B were taken into containment; SCP-6069-C was placed into a temporary holding cell until a full assessment could be conducted. Accounts taken from personnel and SCP-6069-C, and the contents of the footage attracted high interest from the Theology and Teleology Department due to multiple indicators of the entity's origins. As such, they were tasked with research on all matters relating to SCP-6069. When questioned on its predicament, SCP-6069-C replied that while it was distressed at the idea of retiring from public life, it did comment that its wings were 'kind of neat at least.'

**Addendum-01:** On 2/15/21, various Exclusionary SitesA series of Sites designed to retain information following reality shifts or other temporal restructuring events. reported that divorce rates across the globe had dramatically increased without apparent cause. This led to the conclusion that a CK-Class "End of Love" Scenario occurred the day prior. Director McInnis issued an emergency meeting and invited a handful of select personnel, including SCP-6069-C.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6069/meeting/McInnis</summary>

> **Date:** 2/19/21

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[The audio begins with multiple personnel conversing loudly among themselves. Director McInnis approaches the podium and taps on the microphone, gaining the attention of everyone in the room.]*

> 

> **Director McInnis:** *(Clears throat)* I'd like to begin by stating that I apologize in advance for scheduling this meeting on short notice, but due to this topic being highly time-sensitive I hope you understand. Now, as some of you may be already aware our analysts have confirmed our worst fears: A CK Scenario did in fact occur, and most likely still is occurring.

> 

> *[Murmurs begin to become audible. McInnis raises his hand, silencing the personnel.]*

> 

> **Director McInnis:** We have pinpointed the exact changes made to our reality. The bad news is that it's global; the divorce rates have risen to dangerous levels in all continents, especially North America. We initially believed those were the only changes but I've just now received additional reports of marriages falling, a rise of uxoricides/mariticides cases, and all time low of young adults participating in sexual activities. The good news is... yes Todd?

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C is in the far corner, raising its hand.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Quick question. This wouldn't happen to coincide on the day when I... when—

> 

> **Director McInnis:** —When you confronted SCP-6069-A and turned it into the godly equivalent of Swiss cheese? Then yes. 

> 

> *[Many personnel in the room turn to look at SCP-6069-C, with some glaring in disapproval. SCP-6069-C drinks its glass of water. An unidentified personnel member coughs]*

> 

> **Director McInnis:** But there is good news: we may already have everything we need to resolve this crisis. Dr. Nass, you may have the floor. 

> 

> *[Director McInnis steps to the side, allowing Dr. Michael Nass to access the podium.]*

> 

> **Dr. Nass:** Thank you, Director. Around the same time we discovered the CK Scenario, we also discovered the identity of SCP-6069-A. It's of Romanian origin, male, has wings, possesses heart-shaped imagery present on its weapons, and is primarily active during the month of February. Now... can anyone guess who our mystery intruder is? 

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Cupid? Todd killed Cupid?

> 

> **Dr. Nass:** Not only that, we believe SCP-6069-A is also an Alma-Class entity. Meaning that when Todd here terminated SCP-6069-A, its complete essence transferred into him. In other words, Todd is now a god. 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C hastily sets the cup down, accidentally inhaling water. SCP-6069-C coughs for several seconds before regaining composure.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Excuse me?! No, no. That's not... how is that possible? I thought gods can't be killed easily?

> 

> **Dr. Nass:** And many of them can't, but SCP-6069 was a very minor god; it was susceptible to physical harm just as anybody else. We didn't even need the Akiva-signatures to prove it. You are without a doubt, a god. Which brings me to my main point. Dim the lights! 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C grimaces as the lights dim in the room, Dr. Nass takes the remote from the podium and presses a button. The projector activates, showing a picture of the previous SCP-6069-B.]*

> 

> **Dr. Nass:** This is SCP-6069-B, the main weapon of SCP-6069-A. It consisted of a set of a bow and arrows. One of our researchers came to inspect the object this morning, and it changed to this—

> 

>  *[Dr. Nass presses the button on the remote. The image changes to SCP-6069-B's current form.]*

> 

> **Dr. Nass:** —a high quality sniper rifle. Todd, you stated on your résumé that you had some experience with rifles, correct? How much practice has been done in relation to this skill recently?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** You're... actually serious.

> 

> **Dr. Nass:** Sadly, yes. You are *literally* the best man for the job. With you out in the field we may be able to reverse the CK with time. It's our best shot.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Doctor, no disrespect, but I'm an *assault* rifle type of guy. I don't know a lick about sniping. Are we sure we don't have other options here?

> 

> **Dr. Nass:** I suppose we could possibly think of some other alternative. Of course, by then we'd be at high risk of the concept of love fading from our reality forever and humanity willingly embracing chastity to the point of self-extinction. Which would undoubtedly destroy the integrity of the Veil and cause untold amounts of suffering and chaos. *Or*...?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** I just become Cupid and shut up?

> 

> **Dr. Nass:** Exactly.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

After the meeting, SCP-6069-C was sent to Site-43's shooting range and was ordered to practice using SCP-6069-B under the supervision of a Foundation sniper. SCP-6069-C revealed that its services were desperately needed in Canada, which is believed to be the epicenter of the CK-Class Scenario. SCP-6069-C collaborated with Foundation personnel in creating a detailed map for tracking required interventions and scheduling strategic deployments.

**Addendum-02:** Shortly after being approved for deployment, SCP-6069-C stated that its presence was needed near a restaurant within the city of Windsor. A handful agents were tasked with assisting and protecting SCP-6069-C during its activities. Agent Donovan and Agent Khan were personally assigned to SCP-6069-C due to their familiarity with the subject.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6069/deployment1/6069-C</summary>

> **Date:** 2/22/21

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[The video starts inside the interior of a Foundation-owned vehicle. Agent Khan and Agent Donovan are in the driver seat and passenger seat respectively, with SCP-6069-C sitting in the backseat. Agent Donovan is looking over a printed map.]*

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** So where now exactly are we gonna drop you off again? Is it still the same address?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Keep going straight; the targets from what I know are by the ████████ ████ restaurant. 

> 

> *[Agent Donovan relays the new information to the rest of the agents. Agent Khan whistles.]*

> 

> **Agent Khan:** ████████? I used to go there all the time, they have great breadsticks. You know Todd, when this is all over we should definitely dine there. I really want to try to get this 'congratulations for saving our broken hearts' celebration off the ground.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Khan, I'm not allowed to go outside with the exception of missions.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Oh please, that's only because they're not comfortable with you yet. Give it time and soon enough they'll let you off the leash. It happened to Bright, I'm sure we can make lightning strike twice. So I've been meaning to ask... how'd you know? 

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Know?

> 

> **Agent Khan:** You know, the whole mental GPS thing. I mean I can somewhat see how the wings and gun work but tracking? Now that's psychic—

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** I think the term you're looking for is clairvoyant.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** No need to get in the specifics, Don. Anyway, how does it feel Todd? Do you see visions or...?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** It's nothing special really. It just comes to me, it feels like a constant reminder more than anything else. Though it becomes clearer the closer I get to the spot. It's kind of annoying actually.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Give it time, I'm sure it'll pass. From what they told us about dash 'A' he must have been doing this for god who knows long. There's got to be a trick to it if I had to guess… you okay, man? You don't look so hot. 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C heavily exhales as it looks out the window.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** You know, my folks and I usually meet up around this time of year. We were supposed to go to Hawaii again. We used to go crazy on the waves like no tomorrow… and the parasailing? That was always my favorite. It was a good time, good times. I really wished I spent more time with them. I can't believe it all changed so fast.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Well... maybe if we're lucky we could find a cure and pass your anomaly to someone else in the future. Our Theology department has performed miracles before after all.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** You can't cure godliness, Don. Dr. Nass said the only way I'm getting back to 'normal' is if another poor schmuck gets trigger happy on me, and we both know how that will end. They even pulled out the 'official' obituary for me in the papers. As far as they're concerned this is the new normal. God... if I only said no to the damn goggles.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Eh... well at least you don't have to pay bills anymore. I know that the housing market is getting pretty stingy right now. And staying young is a pretty—

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Don, I appreciate it but no... just, just no. I only want to get this over with and head back. Khan, turn over there. We can get in through the parking lot. 

> 

> *[Agent Khan nods and activates the right-turn signal. Agent Donovan notifies the other agents of their arrival as the car comes to a stop. All agents and SCP-6069-C exit the vehicle and enter the plaza.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Okay... okay, it's all coming together. I'm picturing their faces, I'm getting warmer...warmer... red hot. 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C points to the outdoor balcony of the second floor of the restaurant, a man wearing a business suit and a woman in a blue dress are conversing and dining with each other.]*

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Great, half-way done. So how are we going to do this exactly? I know you're practically invisible but...

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Well, I don't know if I can get a good shot from here and I don't want to risk bumping into people in the restaurant... hmm... how about I get settled over there? *[SCP-6069-C points to the outdoor stairwell belonging to an apartment building.]* It's close.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Alright, I'm down. Donovan, why don't you keep an eye out on them over here while I help babysit Cupid over there. 

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Sure, don't take too long though. It looks like they're almost done with their meals.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Got it. 

> 

> *[Agent Khan and SCP-6069-C approach the apartment and travel up the stairs. SCP-6069-C turns its head to Agent Khan.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Khan, seriously?

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Huh?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Babysitting Cupid? Come on, do I look like some snot-nosed toddler to you?

> 

> **Agent Khan:** What? It's literally what they're having us doing here.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** I know, but do you really have to phrase it like that? It's *not* helping.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Sorry, just thought I could lighten the mood.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Khan, I get it but... look. I have enough crap on my plate as it is and I have a feeling I'm gonna have even more crap added on top of it. So can we please— *[SCP-6069-C accidently strikes the alula of one of its wings against a wall lightning fixture. SCP-6069-C cringes in pain.]*

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Damn, you alright man?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Let's just get this over with and head back to the car.

> 

>  *[Agent Khan and SCP-6069-C position themselves by a windowless opening in the corridor. SCP-6069-C rests SCP-6069-B on the sill and prepares to reload it. Agent Khan observes the hallway.]*

> 

> **Agent Khan:** So all you need to do is shoot them both and the rest takes care of itself?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Yep, exactly like in the cartoons. Look at that, they're both leaning in for the kiss.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** That must be your cue, go for it!

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Wait a sec. I almost have the sights lined up... keep it steady and... 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C fires a chamber from SCP-6069-B. The couple falls to the floor, each having sustained a singular gunshot wound. The civilians in the vicinity witness the commotion and begin to panic.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Prest— Oh shit! Oh my god, did I... ah holy shit! *[Agent Khan snaps his head to the floor and picks up the bullet casing; he shakes his head in disbelief.]*

> 

> **Agent Khan:** What the hell, Todd?! You said this would go smoothly!

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** I-I-It worked fine back at the Site! I don't know what changed. I... are you fucking kidding me? 

> 

> *[The couple begins to kiss each other voraciously and display extreme affection despite their injuries; the crowd watching is becoming visibly confused.]*

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Um... does that still count?

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

SCP-6069-C was successful in locating and firing at both targets. Agent Donovan and SCP-6069-C drove away from the area without complication. Agent Khan was tackled and arrested by several policemen on his way back to the car. After Agent Khan was detained on suspicions of terrorism, Foundation assets proceeded with presenting falsified information to the public while disclosing certain information relating to SCP-6069 to the Canadian diplomats in order to secure the agent's release.

Unlike previous tests, the bullet had physically interacted with the subjects, causing them to be wounded. The couple (later identified as Bryan Cover and Allyssa Green) were brought to a nearby hospital where they fully recovered. After being discharged, Cover's status on his social media account changed from being 'single' to now 'in a relationship.'

**Addendum-03:** Despite the success of SCP-6069-C's first deployment, further issues arose in relation to its abilities. While SCP-6069-C can potentially mark any sentient creature, it was shown that the marking of select individuals dramatically reduced the threat of the CK-Class Scenario. Furthermore, personnel from the Theology and Teleology Section theorized that the reason SCP-6069-B reacted differently to non-Foundation individuals was due to SCP-6069-C's metaphysical importance to the human psyche. 

While the Foundation recognizes SCP-6069-C as an Akiva-based entity, non-Foundation individuals would not subconsciously recognize it as such which resulted in SCP-6069-B behaving like a non-anomalous sniper rifle. To amend this, a new uniform was assigned to SCP-6069-C to wear for further deployments in the futureSCP-6069-C wearing SCP-6069-A's attire had no effect.. SCP-6069-C initially protested but eventually complied upon hearing the impending consequences for refusal. Soon after, SCP-6069-C was approved for deployment again. On 03/15/2021 a complication arose when SCP-6069-C accidently marked the wrong targets, resulting in a relationship's destruction.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6069/deployment2/6069-C</summary>

> **Date:** 03/15/2021

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[The log begins inside of a Foundation-owned vehicle. Agent Donovan is using his cellphone. After the call is finished he turns off the device and expresses relief.]*

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** I just got done talking with Mario, he says the talks are going very well and we should be expecting him out from behind bars soon enough. Most likely this week or the next. 

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** ...

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Also good news! We're not gonna get in trouble for that fiasco too. McInnis understood it was just an accident. Thank god we don't have to worry about it anymore. Todd?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** ...Don... 

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** And um... *[Agent Donovan glances at SCP-6069-C's uniform.]* There may have been some drawbacks but I think we can bounce back very easily.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** ...Don... I'm wearing a diaper.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Actually, I think they're called plastic pants. I mean at least they let you keep your briefs—

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Don! Just stop... just stop... *please... just stop.* We're almost there. I just want to get this done, go back to my room, and wear some actual clothes. Sorry, but I'm not in the mood right now.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** I... okay. So how close are the targets to us now?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** About... there's a park a couple miles up. They're in there.

> 

> **Agent Collin:** You're talking about the ████████ park, right?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** ████████? Yeah that's the place. Know the way?

> 

> **Agent Collin:** I know the shortcut. It shouldn't take that long. 

> 

> *[The vehicle reaches the destination and is parked by the sidewalk. Agent Donovan and SCP-6069-C exit the vehicle.]*

> 

> **Agent Collin:** Need any assistance?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** We're fine. This will only take a minute. 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C closes the car door and both it and Agent Donovan move away from the car. SCP-6069-C observes the park and frowns.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** There's not many people around here. Isn't this a popular park?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** I wouldn't pay too much mind to it. I'm sure it'll get busy later on. I'm just glad that we got that gun issue fixed early. I never thought acting the part really mattered when becoming a god... but then yet again gods are symbols so it makes sense. Kind of. 

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Yeah... I guess.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** ...Yeah. Hey, are those the targets? The ones having the picnic? 

> 

> *[Agent Donovan points to the couple by the pond. SCP-6069-C looks through the scope of SCP-6069-B for a moment before shaking his head.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Nah, I think I already tagged them. We're looking for two women, they're... yes, they're this way. C'mon.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** So that's why they look familiar. But this is a good sign, this means it's working. McInnis did say some of the divorces are slowing down.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Some, and only in this country. I don't see how a couple of delayed divorces are gonna do us any good right now.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Well it's a step. I'm certain that eventually after enough time the CK will stabilize and we'll have an easier time cleaning up the stragglers.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Hopefully. 

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Hopefully? You don't think you can?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** I suck at flying and I go through bullets like candy so... yeah. I'm still on training wheels, Don, and it hasn't stopped me from crashing. I keep telling those assholes back at the Site it's not that easy but they somehow still don't understand it no matter how many times I tell them. And yet they still have the gall to call me 'unreasonable'.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** You do know they listen to this eventually right?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** You think so? Wonderful! Maybe this will finally get through their thick skulls for once. It's already getting chilly around here where are those... huh, so that's where you've been hiding. 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C spots the targets sitting on a public bench. The two are in conversation as they feed pieces of bread to a flock of pigeons on the ground.]*

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Should we get closer?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Nah, I got it. So glad they let me keep this. 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C unzips its waist pouch and retrieves two bullets from it. It loads a bullet into SCP-6069-B and fires at one of the women. The bullet pierces the chest, leaving a glowing pink hole before dissipating. Neither of the women notice the interaction.]* 

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Okay, one more... 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C loads the last bullet and fires at the other woman. However, one of the pigeons flies in the direct path of the bullet and is struck instead. The affected woman spots the pigeon and extends a finger. The pigeon lands on the finger and the woman begins kissing all over its body. The woman and the pigeon leave the park together, to the shock of the other woman. SCP-6069-C lowers SCP-6069-B.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Oh... shit. Ah, son of a fucking bitch! That flying rat stole my shot! How— 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C accidently bumps SCP-6069-B against its pouch, spilling a majority of the bullets on the ground. SCP-6069-C sighs deeply and presses its hands against its face. Agent Donovan kneels and scoops the bullets into his pocket, soon assisted by SCP-6069-C.]*

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Can we still salvage it?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Not a chance. The spark is dead; shooting again wouldn't make a difference. 

> 

> *[Agent Donovan complies and activates his radio. SCP-6069-C closes his eyes and presses a finger against its temple.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** And that's the last of them for today. You might wanna get someone to get the amnestics ready for that girl. I really don't want to see the *lovechild* of that relationship. 

> 

> *[Agent Donovan informs the agents of the situation on his radio and hands the remaining bullets back to SCP-6069-C. Both of them are treading back to the path to the car when Agent Donovan notices SCP-6069-C massaging the bridge of its nose.]*

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Todd?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Yeah?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** I've been meaning to ask but uh... are you doing alright? You don't look so hot.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** That's because it's freezing out here.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** No, I meant... erm... some of the guys and I have noticed that you've been very... don't get me wrong, I totally understand that there's a lot of pressure on your shoulders and all but I can't help but see that you're getting a bit... down? And I'm concerned that—

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** I'm not gonna eat the bullet, Don. Do you really think I'm the kind of guy that would do that? After all this time?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** I never said that! I just... ah fuck it. Todd. What the hell is up with you? You've been acting cold since the first mission and I know it's not because of the damn pants. I think it's stupid too by the way. So please man, be straight with me for the love of god and spill it because you're really fucking scaring me. What's. Going. On? 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C snaps his head to Agent Donovan in surprise but soon takes a deep breath and stops momentarily.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Don... this is not working.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** What? 

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** This- *[SCP-6069-C points to its wings and SCP-6069-B.]* —is not working. We've been doing this for what? A month? Maybe more? And what has happened since then? Nothing. Nothing has been fixed. The CK is still going strong and we still haven't put so much as a dent in it! I'm wondering if this can be fixed to begin with.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** You don't know that! We're probably missing something here. The original Cupid managed the job all by himself. We just need to find a way to meet the quota.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Meeting the Quota?! Don, Nass is trying to look in alternatives for the CK. Do you know what that means? It means that this *is not working!* And they haven't even decided on a solution yet. You know what else that means? I'll probably get thrown in a cell before the human race keels over, that is if they don't decide to *give the job* to someone else. The look in their eyes tells me all I need to know. You know what the best part is, I don't even blame them! As far I'm concerned, I'm D-Class plus!

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** So what? You're just gonna give up? Let all the hard work  go up in smoke because you're frustrated? Because the results aren't coming fast enough?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** You don't think I'm taking this seriously? I've done all the things they've asked of me! I sacrificed my time, I go to that shooting range every damn day, I threw my pride to the wind and *nothing* is working! Let's be honest with ourselves, Don. This plan they cooked up was a longshot to begin with. We've probably wasted god knows how much time because I had to play pretend! You know what, fuck it. When we get back I'll tell McInnis to scrap this whole plan and switch to something else.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** What?! No! You can't!

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Why not? We're practically wasting everyone's time and money at this point.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Because... Because we can't just give up like that! We haven't exhausted this route yet. I-It could be a time delay for all we know. We need to increase shootings or modify it, I don't know but we just can't... we can't stop now... we just can't. I just... *(shudders)*.

> 

>  *[Agent Donovan folds his arms, SCP-6069-C stares at his hand.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Don… what happened to your ring? 

> 

> *[Agent Donovan remains silent.]* 

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** No… when? How?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** This morning I woke up and she wasn't there. She wouldn't respond to my calls and the memories came to me. It didn't work out. We shouted. We stayed our distance and it became too much. It felt like yesterday. No, it was yesterday I know that for a fact. It was already done before I had a chance to say goodbye.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Don, I'm... I'm so sorry. I don't know what to say—

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** I know you are. *(sigh)* You know a part of me wanted to blame you. I still kind of do but I'd be a hypocrite. I saw the tape, he had that arrow pointed at your head and I was thinking what if I was wearing your shoes? I don't care what they say about you. I doubt they would do any better but… it happened. Nothing's changing that but all that matters is there's a chance!

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Don?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** And now I'm hearing talk of 'alternatives' like it was the plan all along? You can't do that! The natural way is the only way! If the grim reaper were to die today could we replace him with a fancy machine or some other magic bullshit? Maybe with time but we don't *have* time! And if you really believe you're on the chopping block I... I don't want...

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** You're right.

> 

> *[Agent Donovan remains silent.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** You're right. I think... if I've gotten these powers in the first place then it must be the way. The love would have faded completely otherwise, right? I didn't think of it like 'til now. But... what am I doing wrong?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** I don't know. Can we head back to the car? Collins is waiting for us. 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C and Agent Donovan walk back to the car. Upon reaching near the sidewalk, SCP-6069-C slows its pace and observes SCP-6069-B.]* 

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Don, remember how my gun stopped hurting people after changing into this getup? How they theorized I had to act the part because I had to be Cupid?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Yeah?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** So if playing pretend helped... then what would happen if I became the *real deal*? Become truly authentic?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** What are you talking about? 

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** I think I need to test something out.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Agent Donovan was suspended from his assignment due to both being recently affected by the CK Scenario and demonstrating emotionally comprised behavior and was given temporary leave. SCP-6069-C was disheartened with this decision and requested that it to be overturned; Site Director McInnis denied this request.

**Addendum-04:** After returning to Site-43, SCP-6069-C sent a formal request involving the assignment of a personal therapist to its case on the basis that this measure would help it on further deployments. It also contracted Dr. Nass about viewing information involving SCP-6069-A from the Theology and Teleology Department. Both requests were approved.

In the weeks that followed, SCP-6069-C demonstrated significant behavior changes as it became deeply involved with positive reinforcement training and meditation with help from its therapist. It was also around this time that SCP-6069-C became better acquainted with its wings, allowing it the ability to fly for at extremely short distances.

In more recent deployments, SCP-6069-C's marking of selected targets reduced the effects of the CK Scenario in Canada tremendously, overall decreasing the divorce rates to near cessation. This led to the discovery that SCP-6069-C's mental state was a key component for its anomalous capabilities, as when combined with its physical appearance it was able to increase the effectiveness of SCP-6069-B. SCP-6069-C again requested that Agent Donovan and Agent Khan be reassigned to its case; this was approved on the reasoning that it would improve SCP-6069-C's morale, making it more effective in deployment. 

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6069/deployment3/6069-C</summary>

> **Date:** 05/02/2021

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[Agent Khan is driving as Agent Donovan communicates with Site-43 his radio. SCP-6069-C is sitting in the backseat, humming as it listens to a song on its MP3 player. Agent Donovan signals to SCP-6069-C which removes its headphones in response.]*

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Just got off with command, they've directed us to a nice little spot on a nearby hill where a carnival is taking place.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** So they took care of half the battle for us? Awfully nice of them.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Yeah, shame we can't stay for long though. Now that would've been real nice.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** I thought you hated carnivals?

> 

> **Agent Khan:** I do, but the food? Not in your dreams, pal. You never really have a taste of life until you try deep fried Twinkies wrapped in bacon. Now that's a gift from god.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Yeah... I'm gonna do a hard pass on that one. How close are we to the spot?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Very close actually. Khan, just take a detour over there and we'll walk the rest of the way. 

> 

> *[The vehicle goes off-road and parks at the bottom of the hill. Both agents and SCP-6069-C exit the vehicle and walk up the hill to the designated location. An array of booths and crowds of people are visible below, with a large Ferris wheel in the distance. SCP-6069-C whistles.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Now this is what I call a great vantage point. 

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Khan, can you keep an eye on the car?

> 

> **Agent Khan:** I can see it from here, we're good.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Alright. Todd, do you see the targets?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Hold on... ah so there you are, just stay still for a moment and... oh, of course.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** What? Did something happen?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** They went to the food court and I can't get a good shot from this angle. I need them to poke their heads out

> 

> **Agent Khan:** So we'll have to wait awhile? Yeah?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Yeah. Pretty much.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Yeah... hey Todd. Can I ask you something?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** You just did.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** *Todd.*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Alright, alright. What is it?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** How did you do it?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Hm?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** How did you end up turning things around? I find it almost crazy we're making quick work of the CK and I know they didn't give you any enhancements. So what changed?

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C reloads its rifle and keeps it positioned to the field. After several seconds, SCP-6069-C speaks.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** I became real.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Aren't you already real?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** No, I was only half-way. It's... how do I explain... you know how a bird can't fly unless it's using both its wings? It's like that but more complicated. I'd gotten the looks but it only did so much. But then it came to me... if playing pretend wasn't doing anyone else any favors, then what would happen if I became authentic, both inside and out?

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** So that meditation was a part of it. Wow. Just like that.

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** It was more than that and it *certainly* wasn't easy but I lived. I didn't even know if it would work but I had to try. I doubt I'd even consider the possibility if it wasn't for you.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** Me? 

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** I was too focused on that day, how it changed me, how it could be avoided, how I couldn't let go. You know how Akiva radiation is energy? Well energy makes matter, and matter makes creation. And by that logic, since I'm a being that is energy and I was putting out too much 'bad' energy, I got bad things coming towards me. So if I changed that, brought out my heart to the world, then maybe the world would get theirs back. Sorry if that sounds preachy, but it kind of rings true here.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** That was pretty good. Did you get that from Nass?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** Nah, it's something I figured. Call it superstition. Knowing how esoteric and messy this universe is it's probably true. *(Sigh)* You know I'm really gonna miss you guys when they eventually ship me out of 'maple country'. I'm really sorry that I haven't been the best skip. I know I gave you a lot of shit back then when you were trying to help.

> 

> **Agent Donovan:** All water under the bridge, man. And even if you do get sent out we'll still be around.

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Yeah, and this whole mission was pretty something. I mean this is the first time I ever got arrested. That's something I can cross off the bucket list. And don't worry man, you're not leaving on my watch until I get that party set up. Those breadsticks are to die for. 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C smiles.]*

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** At least it'll be better than the Twinkies... Hey! They're in the open now. It's about time. Now stay still. 

> 

> *[SCP-6069-C aims SCP-6069-B at a woman and a man conversing by a photo booth. SCP-6069-C fires at both targets at quick succession and scoops up the bullet casings.]* 

> 

> There we go! Easiest shot ever. Hey look at them now! They're going inside the damn booth! I wonder if they're gonna freaky in... oh no. This is... Seriously! What are the chances!?

> 

> **Agent Khan:** Did you hit another animal again?

> 

> **SCP-6069-C:** No! I just marked my sister and her damn boyfriend. God, how are they even a couple? Why did the forces that be think they would be a good couple? I mean seriously after all— wait, no, no, no. *[SCP-6069-C closes his eyes and clasps his hands together.]* You know what? Good for them. Good for them. If their love is real than who am I to judge. I hope he treats you well, Cass. I really do. Happy late Valentine's. 

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Following the latest deployment of 05/02/2021, SCP-6069-C successfully halted the CK Scenario in Canada which has furthermore has shown signs of receding. More notably, a small portion of divorces and relationship cessations have been completely reversed, including Agent Donovan's. SCP-6069-C's anomalous capabilities have been heightened to the point that its present attire was no longer necessary and it has been allowed to change back into its former uniform. Upon receiving this news, SCP-6069-C, Agent Khan, and Agent Donovan requested a bottle of whisky, food items from purchased from ████████ ████, and private use of the Site-43 Pursuit and Suppression Section break room. Request accepted.

**Addendum-05:** On 07/12/2021, the Theology and Teleology department devised a breakthrough for transferring the anomalous capabilities of SCP-6069-C onto other Foundation personnel. This process involves SCP-6069-C pressing a finger against the chest where the heart is located and concentrating a small portion of Akiva energy into the individual. While these individuals (Designated SCP-6069-D) do not posses SCP-6069-C's flight or innate knowledge, they do possess a lesser version of its antimemetic qualities and are able to mark individuals via physical contact. 

Project Heartstring was formed to reduce the effects of the CK Scenario worldwide, leading to the creation of MTF Alpha-214 ("Cupid's Angels"). MTF Alpha-214 is tasked with marking designated targets with assistance from SCP-6069-C in relaying location information. SCP-6069-C was also promoted to captain of MTF Alpha-214 through proper training and was authorized to be deployed outside of Canada. With current estimates, it is predicted that the CK Scenario will be fully reversed by 2035. 

Agent Donovan and Agent Khan were taken off the SCP-6069 assignment and allowed to resume their normal duties. Permission to allow SCP-6069-C visitation rights to Agent Donovan and Agent Khan once bi-monthly has been granted.

<< [SCP-6068](SCP-6068) | SCP-6069 | [SCP-6070](SCP-6070) >>
