@@@@

by TheBoxOfFun

**Item #:** SCP-6948

**Object Class:** Uncontained

**Secrecy Level:** 4

**Special Containment Procedures:** All information regarding the true nature of SCP-6948 must be suppressed at all costs.

**Description:** SCP-6948 refers to the sudden disappearance of the American-British movie director Stanley Kubrick (PoI-2001), famous for various movies, such as *Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb*, *2001: A Space Odyssey*, *A Clockwork Orange*, *Barry Lyndon*, *The Shining*, *Full Metal Jacket*, and was involved in the filming of [the 1969 Moon Landing, an operation realized to hide evidence about the SCP-6614 instances](scp-6614). Stanley Kubrick was a Type-Green Humanoid, capable of teleportation; during his life, the Foundation was unable to ascertain if he had a minimum or maximum distance that he could teleport. He used these abilities to record the scenes for his movies and to place the actors in specific locations.Such as Keir Dullea in the room with no doors in *2001: A Space Odyssey*, and Jack Nicholson, in the frozen maze of *The Shining*.

PoI-2001 disappeared with no trace on December 7, 1998, at the age of 70 years old, in his home in Childwickbury, England. His wife, Christiane Kubrick, was unable to explain the reasons behind the disappearance of PoI-2001, however, she stated that the last thing he said before disappearing was that he had *'some unfinished business'*. The local news about his disappearance has been covered up by the [British Occult Service](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/system:page-tags/tag/british-occult-service), and the Foundation, while an operation was launched in joint with various international agencies, searching for PoI-2001 for the following three months.

Kubrick was then briefly seen on March 3rd, 1999, attending a premiere screening of *Eyes Wide Shut*, but was unable to be apprehended by the Foundation. The Foundation agents tried to get in contact with Stanley Kubrick, asking him about the reasons for his sudden disappearance, however, when they entered his home, he was gone once more, with only a note left on his table, reading '*Don't expect me back any time soon.*'

The operation officially ended on March 7, 1999. It was decided at that point to fake the director's complete disappearance by using a disinformation campaign of him having passed away, and using a lookalike of PoI-2001 for his funeral, attended on March 12, 1999.

Currently, Stanley Kubrick's whereabouts are unknown.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<details>
<summary>You have One (1) New Message, Do you wish to open it?</summary>

Mrs. Administrator, I am Bruce Garret, director of [*http://scp-int.wikidot.com/installations-de-la-branche-francophone#aleph Site Aleph]. I have some updates regarding SCP-6948 and the disappearance of Stanley Kubrick. This morning, on November 9, 1999, in the Site archives we found an object not recorded in our databases, designated SCP-███-FR, no one has a minimal recollection of how it got there. However, it looks like it was discovered by the Singular Imperial AcademyA precursor of the French Branch of the 19th Century. in 1822, with their documentation and description at the time.

We checked the 'anomaly', which is a tape dated 1998, titled "*Napoleon*" with the signature of Kubrick, along with two movie cameras, and a microphone. We analyzed the signature on the tape, and it's 100% identical to the one Stanley had.

I think we found out where he might have gone...

</details>

@@ @@

=====

> **Filename:** kubrick.jpg

> **Name:** Kubrick on the set of Barry Lyndon (1975 publicity photo).jpg

> **Author:** "Copyright by Warner Bros. Inc."

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Kubrick_on_the_set_of_Barry_Lyndon_(1975_publicity_photo).jpg

=====
