/* HEADER */

:root{

     --header-title: "SCP Foundation";

     --header-subtitle: "Secure • Contain • Protect";

}

 #header h1 a:before{

     font-size: 2rem;

}

 div#extra-div-1{

     background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/theme%3Apaperstack/lgtrans.png);

}

 .top-left-box > .item{

     display: inline;

}

a.collapsible-block-link:not(.licensebox a.collapsible-block-link) {

    font-weight: 600;

    color: white;

    padding-top: 4px;

    padding-bottom: 4px;

    padding-left: 7px;

    padding-right: 9px;

    background: rgb(20, 20, 20);

    border-radius: 6px;

    margin-top: 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6073 is presently uncontained.

If encountered, SCP-6073 is to be subdued and held in a reinforced containment chamber at [Site-43](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-43). No plant life or plant-based materials are to be brought within its immediate vicinity. The chamber is to be fitted with flame-based escape deterrents.

**Description:** SCP-6073 is an animate and sapient scarecrow measuring 1.8 meters in height. Although primarily comprised of packed herbaceous material, SCP-6073 has demonstrated physical strength on par with that of an average adult human male. SCP-6073 wears a thick brown coat and a straw farmer's hat at all times, in addition to a variety of combat gear depending on situational context. Its 'facial features' consist of a burlap sack with two large white buttons for eyes and no apparent mouth. Aside from stitches and holes in its body and clothing, it possesses no other distinguishing features. 

While the exact parameters of its capabilities remain unclear, it has been confirmed that SCP-6073 can manipulate plantlife in its immediate vicinity. It has demonstrated the capacity to induce rapid growth in flora such as trees and grass through direct physical contact, and can telekinetically manipulate plant matter. Where possible, SCP-6073 will later reverse the alterations it has made and assume a pose of prayer in front of any plant it has thereby manipulated. After a brief period, it will then perform a formal bow.

SCP-6073 possesses the following anomalous properties:

* The ability to mentally influence the behavior of avian life belonging to the genus *Corvus*;

* The ability to dehydrate any object through physical touch.SCP-6073 uses this ability to refill its internal mass by dehydrating grass and inserting it into its body.;

* The ability to detect living beings in its vicinity;

* The ability to produce an apparently endless supply of toothpicks from the burlap covering its mouth region.

SCP-6073 has conducted numerous 'smash and grab' attacks against the SCP Foundation, particularly during containment and transportation operations. It does not appear to hold civilians in similar contempt, and avoids causing harm to them.

**History:** The Foundation was alerted to the existence of SCP-6073 in 2007 during the attempted containment of an unrelated anomaly in Winchester County, New York.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6073/incident/Agent Rodney </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[The footage begins on a suburban street. The anomaly, a [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6772 headless humanoid wielding a sword], attempts to resuscitate its horse by repeatedly performing CPR on it. The horse has multiple gunshot wounds on its flanks, and its eyes are glowing red. The horse emits a whine before becoming silent; the red light in its eyes fades. The anomaly stands up and backs away from the horse, expressing visible shock.]//

> 

> *[Members of MTF Pi-1 ("City Slickers") surround the anomaly, all sights trained on it. The anomaly quickly turns to face the closest operative, shakes its sword in anger, then charges. It is tackled to the ground and restrained. Other members of MTF Pi-1 evacuate residents from the area. Agent Polk and Agent Rodney watch from a distance, the latter whistling in amusement.]*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Something you want to add, Rod?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Huh? Oh, I was just... this wasn't how I expected this to go down. I feel... kind of bad for it, actually.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** You do realize it tried to kill us earlier, right?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Well... yeah? I guess it felt odd that the real danger came from the horse, and even then they were running most of the time. Just wish both of them could have made it. I mean look at the guy, he's becoming unhinged. I would hate to think we killed his pet.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** It's part of the job, Rod. It's not our fault they wanted to go the hard way.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Yeah, but still. Oh... looks like they handcuffed him. Does that mean it's time to clean up?

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Nah, I think they have to give the order first. But with how clean this went I think we have our work cut out for us. Say Rod, after this, want to go to the Empire State Building? I haven't been, and we still have time before they ship us out.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Sure. Not a fan of sightseeing, but I ca--

> 

> *[As the operatives disarm the anomaly and lift it to its feet, Agent Rodney sees a wooden spike fly through the air and embed itself into the transformer on a utility pole. The power in the area goes out, and the sparks from the transformer set the spike on fire. All personnel direct their attention away from the anomaly and scan the area. Agents Rodney and Polk unholster their firearms.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What the hell was that?!

> 

> **Agent Polk:** I dunno. Maybe a fuse burned out?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Unlikely. *[Agent Rodney spots the wooden spike.]* Where did... what?

> 

> *[A tree planted near the sidewalk suddenly lurches forward and entangles several agents and operatives within its branches. Civilians flee in fear as members of MTF Pi-1 open fire upon the tree, being careful not to harm the personnel. The humanoid anomaly is still pressed against the ground, observing with apparent confusion. Agent Rodney and Agent Polk begin running in the direction of the tree.]*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Is that thing causing it?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Don't look like it. Something else is.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Like what?!

> 

> *[A wooden bench is ripped from the ground and thrown against two operatives, knocking one out. The captain of MTF Pi-1 points to the roof of one of the houses, where SCP-6073 can be seen with one arm extended. It pulls back, and using a chimney as cover begins firing a sniper rifle at Pi-1. They return fire. SCP-6073 never misses a shot, and Pi-1 suffer multiple gunshot wounds to their extremities. SCP-6073 spots one of the members pulling out a grenade, and it jumps onto and slides down another utility pole.]*

> 

> *[The utility pole begins to break apart from the top down. The shards of wood attach to and revolve around SCP-6073 as it reaches the bottom. The wood surrounding SCP-6073 disintegrates into sawdust and engulfs most members of MTF Pi-1. The sawdust reforms and hardens on the operatives, leaving only their mouths and noses exposed. A lone operative charges SCP-6073 from behind with a knife. SCP-6073 turns around and grabs onto the skin of his neck, dehydrating him to the point of physical exhaustion.]*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Holy--

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Shh! Get down.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney and Agent Polk hide behind one of the parked cars as SCP-6073 stares at the operative in front of it, then tosses him a plastic water bottle. The operative stares at the bottle in bewilderment as he struggles to crawl. SCP-6073 rushes to the anomaly and breaks the zipties around its wrists with a knife. The anomaly stares as SCP-6073 pulls it to its feet.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Easy, easy there. Don't panic. I'm a friend. Can you understand me? Are there any more of you that need help?

> 

> *[The anomaly nods, and slowly turns to the horse. It slowly approaches the carcass before SCP-6073 rests a hand on its shoulder. Agent Rodney and Agent Polk emerge from behind the car and train their firearms on SCP-6073.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Look, I'm sorry for your loss. But we can't stay here. More of them will come and they're *very* persistent. I'll explain later. Just follow me--

> 

> *[SCP-6073 snaps its head up, turns around and aims its rifle at both agents. The anomaly behind SCP-6073 grasps its sword firmly.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Hello gentlemen. Beautiful night, isn't it. 

> 

> *[Agent Rodney gives Agent Polk a nervous glance before speaking.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Did you just... kill all those people?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** No. They're all still alive.

> 

> *[SCP-6073 gestures to the fallen personnel, unconscious or physically unable to get up.]* 

> 

> **SCP-6073:** You're going to have to leave without us, I'm afraid. I have other plans for tonight; I'm only here to give my new friend a ride, and then I'll be out of your hair. There's no need for you to do anything rash.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** You know who we are?

> 

> *[Agent Polk takes a step forwards and holds his breath. His finger slowly squeezes the trigger. SCP-6073 immediately fires at Agent Polk's gun, causing him to drop it. Agent Rodney gasps as SCP-6073 trains its gun in his direction.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** I know who you are, I know even more about what you can *become,* and I want no part of any of it. Just toss your weapons down the drain right there. Please? I want to keep things as civil as possible. You saw how that worked out with your friends.

> 

> *[Agent Polk turns to Agent Rodney. Agent Rodney contemplates, then sighs. He drops his firearm, and kicks his and Agent Polk's down a storm drain in front of them. SCP-6073 hangs its rifle by the strap on its shoulder. It eyes the remnants of the utility pole and the tree, folds its hands in a gesture of prayer, then bows.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Thank you. Enjoy the rest of your evening; I hear the Empire State Building offers quite a view.

> 

> *[SCP-6073 takes a machine gun from one of the operatives and hands it to the other anomaly. SCP-6073 urges the anomaly to follow him into the woods while maintaining eye contact with the agents. The anomaly stares at the horse a final time, then rushes after SCP-6073. Agent Polk tilts his head, remaining silent. Agent Rodney pulls out his phone.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Neither SCP-6073 nor the other anomaly could subsequently be located. Although Pi-1 suffered major injuries, there were no casualties and all personnel made a full recovery. All witnesses were administered Class-A amnestics, and the blackout caused by the entity was explained under the cover story of a car accident.

SCP-6073 was designated an SCP object after this incident. Targeted searches of government and allied GOI records revealed multiple accounts of an assailant with anomalous capabilities matching those of SCP-6073.

| Date | Location | Event |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 06/07/1983 | Province of Matera, Italy | A Global Occult Coalition task force was in the process of hunting an anomalous entity within the city sewers. While the GOC refused to reveal any details of the mission, it was known that the entity was amphibious and capable of absorbing nearby waste matter to increase its physical strength and for feeding purposes. The task force encountered the entity, but before they had the opportunity to terminate it, SCP-6073 appeared. SCP-6073 used roots found within the sewer and a machine gun to repel the operatives. The operatives attempted to combat SCP-6073 but were quickly outmatched and fled the area, allowing SCP-6073 and the entity to escape. |
| 12/26/1991 | Odessa, Ukraine | Shortly after the Soviet Union officially collapsed, a secret facility in Odessa was apparently ransacked. Investigation revealed that the facility was owned by remnants of GRU Division P. The purpose of the facility was to imprison and experiment on anomalous humans from all territories of the Soviet Union. A janitor who worked and lived at the facility claimed he saw SCP-6073 freeing the prisoners from their cells and restraining the director. SCP-6073 then restrained the janitor before locking him in a closet. Neither the anomalies or the director have been seen since. |
| 10/31/2005 | New Orleans, United States | A entity matching SCP-6073's description was reported to be within the French Quarter. SCP-6073 used the cover of Halloween night to converse with certain locals, claiming to be seeking a potential alliance with the 'rightful ruler of the swamp' before disappearing near Jackson Street. A representative was sent to converse with Papa Legba of La Rue Macabre; Legba claimed to have more important matters to attend to, citing an important dinner. |
| 04/14/2006 | Kenmare, Ireland | As part as an ongoing campaign to eliminate wild [SCP-3199](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3199), an MTF was sent to Kenmare upon reports of a single male specimen taking refuge in a nearby forest. Upon arrival they noticed the owner of the farm shivering and injured alongside the corpse of the SCP-3199 instance. A large cooler filled to the brim with SCP-3199 eggs and ice was also found nearby. Upon interrogation, the farmer explained that he had been commencing his daily duties before being attacked by SCP-3199. SCP-6073 appeared and eliminated the entity via a headshot from a sniper rifle. SCP-6073 then noticed the farmer and patched his wounds with spare cloth it had on its person. SCP-6073 then collected the eggs, told the farmer to watch over them until help arrived, and thanked him for his time before bowing and leaving. The farmer was administered Class-A amnestics and the eggs were confiscated. |
**Addendum-01, Raid:** Analysis of all recent SCP-6073 appearances allowed for the triangulation of an approximate boundary for the entity's activity. SCP-6073 was covertly tracked back to the premises of an abandoned factory within Detroit, Michigan. MTF Pi-1 ("City Slickers") was dispatched to capture SCP-6073, and a perimeter of agents was maintained outside the factory to prevent escapes.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6073/capture/MTF Pi-1 </summary>

**Date: 08/28/2007**

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

*[It is night, and few people are on the street. Operatives surround the building, covering all exits. MTF-Aleksey approaches the door and listens closely. He nods his head.]*

**MTF-Aleksey:** No sound coming from the entrance, Commander. Shall we proceed?

**MTF-Commander Guillermo:** Yes, but don't use the battering ram. Pick it if possible. We don't want to waste the element of surprise.

*[MTF-Aleksey nods and kneels in front of the door. He pulls out a lock pick and inserts it into the keyhole. After some struggle, he unlocks the door. MTF Pi-1 enter the building and turn on their night vision goggles. As they proceed further into the factory, they see food rations and camping gear. MTF-Shane eyes the gear.]*

**MTF-Shane:** Have they been living here?

**MTF-Commander Guillermo:** We can figure that out later. Dawson, do you see anything ahead?

**MTF-Dawson:** No, Commander. Nothing out of the usual... wait. I think I hear... something?

**MTF-Cureton:** What is it?

**MTF-Dawson:** ...a voice. I can barely make it out but... yeah it's coming from there. 

*[MTF-Dawson points to an ascending staircase. MTF Pi-1 walk up the stairs; SCP-6073's voice becomes audible.]*

**SCP-6073:** --to recap, the organizations that are your main concern, aside from the SCP Foundation of course, are the GOC, the Insurgency, and the UIU.

**Female Voice:** The UIU? But I thought they were incompetent?

**SCP-6073:** No, they're not. That's simply how the 'normalcy community' views them. While they may not have the resources of the other groups I mentioned, they are just as dedicated. Remember that.

**MTF-Cureton:** There's more of them here? Maybe we should call backup.

**MTF-Commander Guillermo:** It's too early, Cure. Let's see how dire it is first, then we'll ask. Keep quiet and do not fire unless I say so.

*[MTF Pi-1 reach the end of the staircase and encounter another locked door. MTF-Aleksey unlocks this door more quickly, and opens it. MTF Pi-1 enter the third floor balcony of the factory. Below is the assembly line; multiple humanoid and non-humanoid entities are visible, including:*

* *a large animate scorpion apparently composed of diamond;*

* *a bipedal creature resembling the common oak tree (Quercus robur);*

* *four instances of the* [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4730 Comoedia] *family, silently giggling to themselves.//

*[SCP-6073 is several meters away from the group, holding the remote control for a projector screen sitting on a nearby table. The projector is displaying the sigils of various Groups of Interest, including the Foundation, on a section of white wall. SCP-6073 produces audio consistent with clearing its throat before taking a seat on a metal drum.]*

**SCP-6073:** These organizations may have different or even conflicting goals, but that doesn't mean they won't join forces when the need arises. That's why they're so efficient at dealing with large-scale threats... yes, Becker?

**MTF-Berrin:** I have a direct line of sight from here, Commander? Should I take the shot?

**Cloaked Entity:** Yes, I have a question: why do I need this~~ *[The entity pulls out a hand gun.]* ~~when I could use... this? *[The entity raises its sword. The blade glows a faint red color before dissipating.]* I mean no disrespect. But it doesn't fit my style.

**MTF-Commander Guillermo:** No, not yet. Let's get in position first. Spread out.

*[MTF Pi-1 array themselves across the balcony, observing the group with firearms at the ready. A headless and cloaked humanoid entity steps away from the group, reaches into a backpack and pulls out a disembodied head, which it twists onto its neck.]*

**SCP-6073:** Because, Beck, you cannot always rely on your powers to get things done. I know some of you may believe that you have the upper edge because of your unique set of skills. But I'm here to tell you... it's not that straightforward. Groups like the Foundation will always try to get an edge on you, work around the problem. Magic? Counter-spells. Impenetrable skin? Intangible bullets. Reality benders? They're not even concerned. And if they decide to let loose, decide to give us everything they have, well... you're going to have to take my word for this, but it'll take a lot more than swords to stop them.

*[The group murmurs. SCP-6073 raises a hand to silence them.]*

**SCP-6073:** Do not let that fact sway you to the path of despair. These groups are capable and willing to adapt to the challenges before them, so we must be and do the same. It's a matter of overcoming adversity, and a matter of pragmatism. Using the same tactics over and over again will only result in failure. There will be times you will be outside your element, where the advantages you've been given in life can be easily turned against you. Guns ~~ so common in human society ~~ prove my point that strategy and diligence are among the greatest assets one can have. You of all people should understand this.

*[SCP-6073 caresses his rifle. The cloaked entity pauses, inserts its sword back into its sheath and examines its gun more closely. Before MTF Commander Guillermo can give an order, another door on the balcony opens. MTF Pi-1 turn to see a [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6344 humanoid bee] consuming honey from a jar. The bee freezes in shock before allowing the spoon to slip from its grasp and fall to the floor.]//

*[SCP-6073 sharply snaps its head to the balcony and gasps. It aims its rifle and fires, alerting the rest of the group to MTF Pi-1's presence. MTF Pi-1 open fire in response. Projectiles of red fire, diamond and confetti make contact with the balcony, severely injuring several operatives. The footage becomes indecipherable as smoke and red light cloud the view. The only sound audible besides gunfire is screaming.]*

---

*[The remaining footage is taken from Agent Rodney and Agent Polk's body cameras. Both agents are stationed around the corner of an alleyway. Their car is blocking the only exit. Agent Rodney cringes as he hears the distant gunfire.]*

**Agent Polk:** Something's up, Rod?

**Agent Rodney:** I was... hoping it wouldn't go hot. It's disconcerting.

**Agent Polk:** You expect straw man to give up without a fight? Especially after last time.

**Agent Rodney:** No, I just didn't expect the fight to be this... fierce. What is even going on over there? It sounds like a warzone!

**Agent Polk:** It's not our job to speculate. Rod... 

*[Agent Polk sees SCP-6073's shadow approaching their location. Agent Polk whispers to Agent Rodney and gives a hand signal. When SCP-6073 turns the corner, Agent Rodney and Agent Polk tackle it. SCP-6073 tries to shoot Agent Polk, but he pulls the gun upwards as the entity fires. SCP-6073 kicks Agent Polk off, then headbutts Agent Rodney from behind.]*

*[SCP-6073 stands up as Agent Polk aims his firearm at the entity. SCP-6073 pulls its trigger, but its rifle is out of ammo. Agent Polk pulls his trigger, but SCP-6073 ducks in response. SCP-6073 grabs onto the ramrod of its rifle, spinning around and hitting Agent Polk in the head with the stock, knocking him out. SCP-6073 grabs Agent Polk's pistol then turns to Agent Rodney, who is aiming his firearm. Agent Rodney glances at Agent Polk in worry.]*

**SCP-6073:** Don't fret. He's only taking a nap.

**Agent Rodney:** Um... thanks? It's... nice to see you again. I see you're still in one piece.

**SCP-6073:** And you, sir. I would like it to remain that way, for both of us. I'm not so precise when it comes to handguns... There's a good chance I could kill you even if I hit the right spot. So I must insist, please: let me go.

**Agent Rodney:** I... look. Um... I can't do that. I'm sorry... we're only here to bring to you a safe place? I mean... the world is a dangerous place... you know?

**SCP-6073:** I wholeheartedly agree, but even so, I'm afraid I'm going to have to decline that generous offer. I find your concept of containment to be... distasteful. It's simply not my thing. I want to be one with the earth, you see. I can't exactly do that in a box, now can I?

**Agent Rodney:** Look. I know you're scared and... but it has to be this way. Bad things will happen otherwise.

**SCP-6073:** Bad things will happen to *me* if I go, or to you?

**Agent Rodney:** H-Hold on! Le--

**SCP-6073:** I'm sorry, but you must understand. Now--

*[Several members of MTF Pi-1 round the corner and are caught off-guard by SCP-6073's presence. SCP-6073 aims its gun at the operatives and Agent Rodney panics, shooting SCP-6073 in the wrist. This causes SCP-6073 to drop its arm, and the operatives tackle it. SCP-6073 struggles as it is restrained, failing to dehydrate the operatives. Agent Rodney stares at SCP-6073, then at his gun. He frowns.]*

= **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

While there were casualties, the raid was deemed a success. Nearly half of the entities either expired in battle or were contained by the Foundation, including SCP-6073. The remainder escaped. Documents recovered from the factory mentioned a group known as the "Miracle Liberation Front," their purpose in Detroit to not only smuggle anomalies out of the city but to train and absorb them into their ranks. A cover story of a large-scale gang war was disseminated to explain the damage to the factory.

**Addendum-02, Interview:** SCP-6073 was sent to Site-19 and an interview was authorized in hopes of obtaining knowledge of the Miracle Liberation Front's origins and assets. SCP-6073 refused unless Agent Rodney conducted the interview. As advanced interrogation techniques proved futile against SCP-6073, this request was reluctantly approved.

 

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6073/interview/Agent Rodney </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[Agent Rodney enters the interview room with a folder, and stops upon seeing SCP-6073. SCP-6073 is behind a tempered glass divider, sitting upright in a chair and clasping its hands together firmly. Agent Rodney exhales and sits in the opposing chair. When he has the documents organized on the table, he clears his throat.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Hello there, SCP-6073. My name is Agent Rodney, and I'll be conducting your interview. I can see you're still relatively fine considering... what happened.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** My ultimatum has been fulfilled. I'm surprised they listened. Are you're worried about the arm? It'll take more than that to keep me down. Don't beat yourself up over it.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** You're not mad at what happened? I shot you.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** You didn't do it out of malice. You thought I was going to bring harm to your men. While I don't appreciate what happened, it's completely understandable... and perhaps a little gratifying.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I'm glad to hear that, but... gratifying? Why?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** I'm not always sure where we, the living things of the Earth, stand with you. Whether you believe all life to be precious, or... 

> 

> *[SCP-6073 shakes its head.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Idle musings. What do the wardens want with me? It must be important if they're willing to compromise.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** They want to know more about you. Your abilities. And the group known as... *[Agent Rodney scans the documents]* The Miracle Liberation Front. Milf.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** No.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** No. Uh... what exactly is this group?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Oh, Mister Rodney, you and the Foundation should already know that. Especially now that you're aware of us. It's all in the name, after all.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...in the name?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Yes.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** In the name... in the name... I read up on the factory raid, and since there were a lot of anomalies there... "Miracle" is a stand-in for the anomalous?

> 

> *[SCP-6073 nods.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Anomalous Liberation Front... ALF... Alf. No.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** No.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Uh, so, anomalies fighting for freedom?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** There you go. See? You didn't even need my help. Now if anomalies are fighting *for* freedom, what are they fighting *against?*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I think I might know. But it's best to put it on the record. The Foundation doesn't like to assume, they prefer it cut and dry you know?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** To put it simply... the Miracle Liberation Front is fighting against normalcy itself. Or rather, the ones in charge in enforcing normalcy without and indeed against our consent.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...the human race? You're fighting against the human race?

> 

> *[SCP-6073 observes Agent Rodney shivering slightly in apparent distress.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** It's more complicated than that, and I do not care for your phrasing... but generally speaking, yes. That is correct. And it is a *fight,* mind you. We are warriors, and liberators, not exterminators.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Wow... that is a... first for me. Why? Was it always your group's intention to fight the human race?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Well, now, that is even more complicated. But for your sake I'll try my best to give you the short version. As you know, 'anomalies', as you call them, have been around for a *very* long time. Before humanity came to be. Those days were more... esoteric. There was no distinction made between the anomalous and the normal, everything just *was*. It was no paradise, but it might as well have been compared to the state of affairs these days.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** The human race, for reasons we have yet to comprehend, decide to move away from the concept of oneness with nature and supernature, instead believing that their existence was dependent on their individual purposes, their jobs, their loyalty to authority. We didn't recognize this as a problem at first; 'it must be a phase', we thought. But then the paradigm became more commonplace. People lost their sense of spirituality and superstition...  but what broke the straw's back was this enforcement of 'normalcy'. As if we were the exception. As if we shouldn't exist. As if we don't *deserve* to exist. I, *we* can't just hang around and watch that happen ag--

> 

> *[SCP-6073 cuts itself off, and does not resume speaking.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...okay. So the Liberation Front was started around the same time as the creation of the Veil.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Yes. The original founders of the MLF did so out of convenience. We banded together as a means of mutual survival. Eventually we came to glimpse the scope and threat of 'normalcy'. How far will those who hold such a rigid concept dear dare to take it? What harvest of destruction could they reap if we should bare our teeth? How long until the lid begins to close, how long until it is shut forever? These considerations prompted a... revised approach. 

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Our priorities had to change, the rules of engagement had to change, and most importantly, we had to change our methods from the abstract to the concrete. It was a bitter pill to swallow for many of us, but we *did* swallow it, and our ranks swelled.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** They joined that easily?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** When the spectre of destruction and enslavement looms over you, you tend to re-evaluate... Is something wrong, Mister Rodney? Your frown is hypnotic.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** It's... so you're planning a revolution, then?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Our goal is to ensure the safety of the anomalous world. If a revolution is necessary, then it is necessary.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** But... that's insane! You admit the world is much more dangerous today than ever, right? Without groups like the Foundation, the world will spiral into chaos! Many of the anomalies we keep could cause major destruction if they had the chance. That's not even counting how people would react if news got out; it could cause society as we know it to crumble! We're just not ready. Look, I'm sorry that you and your group see the Foundation in a negative light, but that doesn't mean we can't lend a helping hand. Yes, we may have made some bad calls before--

> 

> **SCP-6073:** And you will again--

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** --but what we're doing is for the greater good! The alternative is... well, hell. What do you have to say to that?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Bad farmers make bad crops.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** I'm not blind to the uncertainty associated with miracles. The Foundation may be necessary, but the people in charge and their dogma, their false *consensus* are not. Despite what they claim, they do not respect us. And that same lack of respect will not only ruin the anomalous, it will also guide your species along a dark path. You may never find your way again. In the event that we do overthrow the normalcy preservation groups, it will mean not chaos, but merely change.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** The miracles who need, and *deserve* to be free, will become free. Those that are too vicious, and too dangerous, will not. If you truly believe that humanity would throw away all the progress it has made over the things that you know, we can still uphold some small measure of your concept of normalcy. The human race can live their lives in the manner they choose, and so can we. Simple on paper, though possibly difficult to manifest in reality. I doubt the Foundation would ever let it happen. Even if we worked out a compromise, they would try to gain the upper hand. They respect power, not merit.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** You claim that the Foundation does what it does for the greater good? I can't deny that they may have begun their work with those intentions, but things slip through the cracks. All that power, concentrated in one place, it can twist people the wrong way, or worse, attract the wrong people. The drive to secure became the drive to sacrifice, capitalize instead of contain, power over protection. The greater good? That's a slippery slope. I have seen people use that mindset, thinking they can pave a road with good intentions only for it to lead to a hell of their own making. Trying to justify their actions when they can't face the possibility that they did wrong against god, and worse, themselves. Blaming circumstances beyond their own control for the atrocities they commit.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** On the off chance that they truly practice what they preach... that can be just as bad. They become so engrossed in their war both for and against the public, paranoid of what may or may never come, that it clouds their judgment. They think the only way forward is their way. They want to stay in their comfort zone... but their comfort zone is the stillness of death. Trust us, we speak from experience.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...SCP-6073, why did you request me as your interviewer?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** I thought it would be interesting. That's all I can say.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>
 

---

A search of the Foundation database revealed that like SCP-6073, the Miracle Liberation Front had been encountered before, albeit unknowingly and not on such a dramatic scale. Proposals were drafted to exploit SCP-6073's containment as a means of combatting this Group of Interest.

**Addendum-03, Containment Breach:** SCP-6073 vehemently refused to divulge any further information, yet otherwise maintained a cooperative attitude. It was scheduled for transfer to Site-43 to facilitate more creative containment and interrogation approaches. Said transfer was carried out via standard armored transport. Prior to this action, a series of tests conducted on the entity to determine the limits of its capabilities concluded that it cannot further manipulate the dried plant matter comprising its own body. This proved inaccurate. 

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6073/containment breach/Agent Rodney </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[Guards Emmanuel and Joseph are in the driver's seat and passenger seat respectively. Their vehicle is disguised as a small delivery truck. They are driving down a major highway overpass with other camouflaged Foundation vehicles following close behind. A knock is heard from behind them. Joseph opens the cargo latch; SCP-6073 is visible, hands cuffed behind its back.]*

> 

> *[SCP-6073 observes the scenery beyond the windshield, then turns its attention to Joseph. SCP-6073 attempts to make conversation with Joseph before he closes the cargo hatch mid-conversation. SCP-6073 frowns and steps away from the front of the truck, stares at the latch for a moment, then turns his head to the handcuffs.]*

> 

> *[Both of SCP-6073's wrists deflate as the hay inside its body is pushed into its forearms, creating a noticeable bulge and allowing the handcuffs to fall to the floor. SCP-6073's arms return to their normal shape. The entity produces a toothpick from its face and opens up its shirt. After a deep breath and a prayer, it bites into the shirt and cuts open its chest. SCP-6073 cries into its sleeve until a large cut has been made; small amounts of hay are falling from the opening.]*

> 

> *[SCP-6073 holds onto its chest and rushes to the cargo latch, pounding heavily on it. Joseph opens the latch, mouth open to yell, and is met with large amounts of hay pouring into the cabin. Emmanuel and Joseph emit vocalizations of distress as the hay wraps over their eyes, chests and arms, restraining and immobilizing them. SCP-6073 pushes itself through the latch opening, shifting and filtering the hay within its body to facilitate this action. Its body language suggests that the process is immensely painful and exhausting.]*

> 

> *[The truck begins swerving heavily on the overpass, catching the attention of nearby drivers and Foundation personnel. The latter attempt to contact the truck, to no response. SCP-6073 successfully makes it through the latch, but is notably deflated. The entity notices the tranquilizer gun in Joseph's holster, and pulls it out. It darts both Joseph and Emmanuel, incapacitating them, telekinetically pulls the hay back into its chest opening, and awkwardly grabs the steering wheel with one hand; it presses on the gas pedal with one foot.]*

> 

> *[Personnel pursue the vehicle. SCP-6073 responds by pressing harder against the pedal. After travelling a considerable distance, the entity notices severe traffic up ahead. It abruptly brakes, removes an additional firearm from the glove department, and exits the vehicle. It looks over the railing of the overpass, and freezes. Foundation personnel are closing in. It responds by breaking off the truck's side view mirror, inserting the mirror and guns into its chest, and clamping the opening shut with one hand, then jumping over the railing.]*

> 

> *[Foundation personnel observe from the railing. SCP-6073 continues to fall from the overpass, landing on the sidewalk on the bottom with a quiet thud. SCP-6073 quickly stands up and observes personnel from above before darting into a nearby forest.]*

> *[The perspective of the footage changes to that of Mobile Task Force Pi-43 ("Garbage In, Garbage Out"), tasked with transporting SCP-6073. Agents are stationed on the outer perimeter of the forest; Agent Polk and Agent Rodney, however are stationed with the MTF.Due to his involvement and history with SCP-6073, Agent Rodney was assigned to the mission in the belief it would increase the chances of capturing the entity..]*

> 

> **MTF-Commander Guillermo:** How far does the trail go, Shane?

> 

> **MTF-Shane:** I don't exactly know, sir. It goes around the corner. 

> 

> *[The 'trail' is patches of desiccated grass. The team moves forward as Agent Polk frowns.]*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** How the hell did that thing slip though? I thought we had everything locked down.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** If there's a will, there's a way. I never thought he'd manage to pull it off though. It's shocking how versatile these anomalies can be sometimes--

> 

> **Agent Polk:** It.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What?

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Don't you remember, Rod? It's 'it', not he. Just keep your eyes on the trees, we don't want to get jumped like last time.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Right… it.

> 

> *[The team continues until the trail ends. They are in the middle of a clearing, surrounded by trees and logs. The position of the logs suggests they have been arranged manually. The team enter formation, multiple members wielding grenade launchers and assault rifles. They are watching the trees with caution.]*

> 

> **MTF-Shane:** *(Whispering)* The trail ends here sir, I don't see any further leads.

> 

> **MTF-Commander Guillermo:** *(Whispering)* It can't be that far. We need to keep looking, we're not going home empty handed--

> 

> *[Two nearby trees uproot from the ground behind the team and move towards them. MTF-Berlin and MTF-Aleksey fire their grenade launchers multiple times, destroying them. A third tree begins to animate; as they aim their weapons at it, two tranquillizer darts strike them and they lose their balance.]*

> 

> **MTF-Commander Guillermo:** Berlin! Aleks~~ goddammit. All units, we're under fire! I repeat, we're under fir~~

> 

> *[Another dart pierces MTF-Commander Guillermo's neck. Agent Polk points to the tree in front of them; SCP-6073 is hiding behind it, wielding a tranquillizer gun and holding the sideview mirror to view the operatives while behind cover. The operatives fire on the trees as SCP-6073 continues to manipulate them.]*

> 

> *[MTF-Dawson attempts to rush at SCP-6073, who fires its last dart at him. MTF-Shane aims his grenade launcher at the tree SCP-6073 is using for cover, and pulls the trigger. SCP-6073 dodges as the tree is obliterated; it cringes in pain as a large splinter of wood becomes embedded in its side.]*

> 

> *[MTE-Dawson reloads his weapon. SCP-6073 manipulates the animated tree to restrain MTF-Dawson, who screams for assistance as MTF-Cureton and MTF-Shane attempt to pull him out. A branch strikes a grenade on his belt, releasing the pin and resulting in an explosion which kills the remaining operatives. Agents Polk and Rodney are pushed back by the explosion. All darted operatives fall into unconsciousness.]*

> 

> *[SCP-6073 screams in pain as it removes the shard from its body. It alters a strand of grass, extending its length, then pulls it out of the ground and uses it to sew the opening shut. The earlier wound on its chest has clearly been stitched closed with further strands of grass. SCP-6073 looks at the expired agents, and expresses shock. It sprints to their location, stands in silence for a moment, then kneels and speaks a prayer.]*

> 

> *[SCP-6073 notices Agent Rodney groaning on the ground. It grabs an assault rifle from one of the operatives, and kicks the firearm from his hand. Agent Rodney stands up, taken aback by the appearance of the entity. He looks back and sees the corpses of the operatives; he is shocked.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Why... oh my god.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** They're going to send more soon. Mister Rodney, you're coming with me.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What? Why would I do that?! I'm not-- Forget it! I'm not doing that! 

> 

> **SCP-6073:** There's no time to explain. We need to go. Now.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...you're not giving me a choice, are you?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** I'm afraid not, Mister Rodney. Please, don't try anything. There's been more than enough trouble for today.

> 

> *[Agent Polk hisses in pain before he notices SCP-6073. He hastily pulls out his firearm and fires at the entity's back, successfully hitting it once. SCP-6073 flinches as it spins around and fires at Agent Polk's forearm and shoulder. Agent Polk screams in pain as he drops the gun; SCP-6073 manipulates the grass to restrain Agent Polk and cover his mouth. SCP-6073 turns back to Agent Rodney, who is now laying on the ground again. A bullet wound is present on his chest; he is bleeding profusely. SCP-6073 gasps in alarm and kneels next to him. Agent Rodney is in shock, and he is twitching rapidly.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** God! I can't... oh... fuck.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Rodney. Rodney! Can you hear me? I need you to relax! Can you do that for me? Rodney!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Hard... breath... hurts.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Don't talk, kid. I'll get you help. Stay calm. Just stay calm.

> 

> *[SCP-6073 wraps the nearby grass around Agent Rodney, using most of it to cover the wound. SCP-6073 carries Agent Rodney over its shoulders, blood dripping over its body. Agent Rodney shivers in SCP-6073's grasp as they both travel further into the forest. Visual contact is lost.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

The escape left six Foundation operatives dead and one agent injured. An intensive search of the forest revealed that the blood trail left by Agent Rodney led to a nearby storm drain, and into a sewer system. The trail was prominent until after the surface was again reached, stopping at a pair of tire tracks and Agent's Rodney's discarded phone.

For one week no activity relating to SCP-6073 or Agent Rodney was reported. Agent Rodney was considered M.I.A. until he contacted the Foundation via an unregistered telephone. The call was traced back to an abandoned farm near Carnation, Washington. Agents were sent to the location and found Agent Rodney resting on the steps of the farmhouse; he was shirtless, and had a large bandage across his chest.

Agent Rodney claimed to have awoken in the farmhouse's master bedroom to see SCP-6073 watching over him. It had apparently activated Agent Rodney's body camera prior to the following conversation, which was recorded.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6073/report/Agent Rodney </summary>

> = **[BEGIN REPORT]**

> 

> *[Agent Rodney wakes up, feeling a sharp pain in his chest. He opens his eyes and finds himself lying on a bed. He attempts to get up but find his legs and left arm restrained to a bedframe by rope. He looks around to see SCP-6073 sitting in a rocking chair, writing in a journal before it notices him. It puts the journal away and observes him more closely.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Oh praise the lord, you're alright. Hold on, I have something for you. 

> 

> *[SCP-6073 exits the room. Agent Rodney attempts to break his bonds through sheer physical strength, but fails. SCP-6073 returns with a spoon and a plate of oatmeal resting on a tray, and places the tray on Agent Rodney's lap.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** I wanted to give you something more hearty, but I didn't want to take any chances. I added chocolate and cinnamon though, thought it would add more flavor.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney stares at SCP-6073 with confusion. SCP-6073 brings its chair to the bed and sits down.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** I didn't poison it, if that's what you're thinking. Why would I go through all that hell to save your life, just to end it -- in a cowardly way, no less? I wish I could taste-test it to prove my intentions, but.

> 

> *[SCP-6073 points at its lack of mouth.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Sadly, all you have is my word.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney turns to the oatmeal. He picks up the spoon and begins to eat, hesitantly at first. When he is finished, SCP-6073 sets the tray on a nearby drawer and produces audio consistent with clearing its throat.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** I apologize for the quality of my hospitality. You were losing a lot of blood, and I had to call in a favor to get you patched up. You nearly died... but it's good to see you still have some kick left in you. I imagine you have a few questions.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Yeah... I do. Why? After everything that happened... why?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Why... well. I'm a firm believer that respect goes a long way. Evil begets evil. Love begets love. Respect begets respect. Even the basest souls, no matter how low, deserve a certain level of respect... I'm sorry about what happened to your friends. I was trying to restrain them, but... I think what happened was my fault. They didn't deserve that.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Oh... that's right. Thanks? I guess? It means... well, it means something.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** You don't seem that bothered.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** In... in my line of work, people know what they're signing up for. It's hard to get my head around the concept of assigning you *blame* for what happened. That's a new one for me. Most of the things we contain, either they thrive on the pain and death of others, because that's just how they roll, or they don't know what they're doing at all. I should... I don't know what to feel about you? You don't fit in either of those categories. You seem... well, if you're a monster, you're the politest I've ever met. Nice, even. But...

> 

> **SCP-6073:** But?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Why did you join the MLF? They don't seem like nice people. 

> 

> **SCP-6073:** You think of them as people, now?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** ...why did you join the Foundation, Rodney? How, and what, made you do that?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I'm not at liberty to divulge that information.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** I'm not looking for specifics. Just give me the general gist. We all had to start from somewhere, right?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I... had gotten very good at what I did. They scoped me out, recruited me... and I got a taste of what the world was really like. It changed me. Taught me how big and connected everything is. I knew what was at stake, and I swore I'd do everything in my power... well, you know the clichés, right? Was it the same for you? 

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Yes. Like you I had my... epiphany, a long time ago. I was a captive audience to the horrors of the elite and all the sickness they allowed to trickle down to the common man. Front row seat. I saw people die. I saw the earth burn. But even then, I still had hope for your race. I even came to love one of you.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney tilts his head in confusion, then in awe. SCP-6073 laughs.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** No, not that kind of love. It was familial. This was his home. He didn't think much of me, but I cared for him. It was a long time ago. He perished in this war... in a way... and I keep thinking to myself that I should have done something sooner. I should have shown him who and what I was, told him how I felt, but I'll never have the opportunity now. I don't know why or how I got this second chance to set things right, but... I have to make the most of it. I have to learn, as much as I can, and I have to teach. I can't end this war but I can certainly stop it from getting ugly. Follow god's will the best I can.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** You believe in a god? Is that why you pray all the time?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** You'd better believe it. I pray for everything that is alive. You. Me. The humans. The anomalies. Even your Foundation, to a degree. The earth. The stars. The very air we're breathing right now--

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** The earth, the stars, and the air?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Everything is alive, Mister Rodney. Maybe not in the same sense of life that you know. But they are *alive*. Do not forget that. That is why respect is key. You were half-right in your assessment. Many of my 'friends' in the MLF are not friendly towards humanity, but at the same time, there are good people among them. That's another reason why I joined... to get more influence, get them on the right path. I don't want them to become bad farmers. I hope that... when the bad farmers get replaced by the good ones... well, I look forward to seeing what grows from that new beginning.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...not the worst thing I ever heard, certainly. Is that the only reason you helped me? Respect? Hope?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Those things, and because you are a warrior.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I'm a soldier.

> 

> **SCP-6073:** No. Soldier and warrior are two different things. It's hard to explain. I can't even put it into words. But you are a warrior, like me. Just of a different breed.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** So what happens now?

> 

> *[SCP-6073 pulls out a combat knife and places it into Agent Rodney's free hand. SCP-6073 rises from the chair and turns to leave.]*

> 

> **SCP-6073:** I left a new cellphone for you on that dresser over there. Cut the rope and you'll be free. It was nice meeting you, Mister Rodney. When you reach the end of your warrior's path, I hope you will have some seeds of your own to plant. Goodbye.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Wait! SCP... what's your name? Who are you, really?

> 

> **SCP-6073:** Call me Farmer Brown. 

> 

> *[SCP-6073 leaves the room.]*

> 

> **[END REPORT]**

</details>

---

Investigation of the farm revealed abnormally-high Hume levels. No records of its or its former owner's existence have been found beyond the walls of the farmhouse. It has been designated an [unexplained location](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/log-of-unexplained-locations). Its anomalous features include:

* A large dried bloodstain on the floor of the main bedroom;

* A framed photograph of a human male wearing overalls, glasses, and a hat nearly identical to SCP-6073's. An obscured humanoid figure is strapped to a pole in the distance;

* Bullet holes in the living room walls. Inspection shows them to be shotgun pellets and assault rifle rounds. Only a shotgun was present in the house;

* A grave near the barn marked by a makeshift cross. Excavation attempts invariably fail, as the nearby vegetation regrows at an extremely rapid rate;

* A television in the living room continuously broadcasting an EAS (Emergency Alert System) message. The image and audio signals are severely degraded, and cannot be deciphered. The origin of the broadcast is unclear.

The relationship between the farm and SCP-6073 remains under investigation. SCP-6073 itself, and the Miracle Liberation Front, remain at large.

<< [SCP-6072](SCP-6072) | SCP-6073 | [SCP-6074](SCP-6074) >>

=====

WovenWraith.jpg is a composite. Its components are:

> **Title:** British Army Sniper

> **Author:**  Defence Images

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/48399297@N04/8455477797)

> **Title:** Friday Bridge Scarecrow Festival

> **Author:**  Trojan_Llama

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/94382185@N00/14296818520)

> **Title:** teXture - Dark Grunge Burlap

> **Author:** photonate.com 

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/48172301@N00/3297949680)

> **Title:** Scarecrow

> **Author:** Jack W. Pearce

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/52021147@N03/8646157086)

---

FarmerBrown2.jpg is a composite. Its components are:

> **Title:** Arctic sniper 

> **Author:** henribergius

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/15087210@N00/427373727)

> **Title:** Force of Nature: Night driving into a pelting snowstorm

> **Author:** Peggy2012CREATIVELENZ

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/73230975@N03/6802244796)

> **Title:** Flickr Tribute 

> **Author:** ElleFlorio 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/91423413@N02/26143110642)

> **Title:** Scarecrow

> **Author:** Joe Shlabotnik

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/40646519@N00/2958356549)

> **Title:** teXture - Dark Grunge Burlap

> **Author:** photonate.com 

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/48172301@N00/3297949680)

=====
