= **SCP-6702 - Still Raining**

= By 

= *Even after so long, I still love you.*

**Item #:** SCP-6702

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6702 has neutralized itself. This document is kept as a record and backup. No further containment is required.

**Description:** SCP-6702 is a lake. Constant moderate rain falls on the area covered by the lake; however, the water level of the lake does not rise as a result as would be expected.

When a human subject enters SCP-6702, an optical phenomenon will appear within the rain, mostly forming a clear image. These images can be captured by photographic devices. The existence of the events depicted in these images, as well as the links to the experimental subject, are currently being researched.

**Addendum:** SCP-6702 Photography Record

> **Subject:** D-0321

>

> **Observed image:** The subject and an elderly woman sharing a reunion dinnerA dinner held on the eve of the Chinese New Year, meant to symbolize family unity and usher in the new year.

>

> **Notes:** The woman in the image has been confirmed to be D-0321's mother. However, the two people in the image have never been alone with each other on the eve of Chinese New Year.

> **Subject:** D-0914

>

> **Observed image:** The subject driving on a public road in the middle of heavy rain.

>

> **Notes:** The subject refused to explain the contents of the image.

> **Subject:** Agent Gercery

>

> **Observed image:** The subject surrounded by four young women. He embraces all four women and kisses them.

>

> **Notes:** The object showed anxiety. The Foundation has determined that Agent Gercery is faithful husband and has never had an affair.

> **Subject:** D-1115

>

> **Observed image:** The subject is beaten by multiple people in a corner.

>

> **Notes:** D-1115 had been assaulted by a love rival and associates, but stated that the assailants in the image were not his love rival.

> **Subject:** D-5202

>

> **Observed image:** The subject is singing on a stage. The wooden floor collapses and the audience is visible through the hole. At the same time there is a lot of cash spilling from the ceiling.

>

> **Notes:** D-5202 was formerly a musician.

> **Subject:** Dr. Bruce

>

> **Observed image:** The subject is being married. The bride's veil is being lifted.

>

> **Notes:** Dr. Bruce expressed satisfaction at the image.

> **Subject:** Researcher Angela

>

> **Observed image:** The subject is sitting on a bench, kissing a man with his face blurred out.

>

> **Notes:** Researcher Angela expressed satisfaction at the image.

> **Subject:** Dr. Bruce

>

> **Observed image:** The rain curtain shatters and no image is revealed.

>

> **Notes:** The subject expresses bewilderment, anger, fear, sadness and calm in rapid succession.

> **Subject:** ##red|Researcher Angela##This experiment has been formatted due to the effect of a reality-affecting phenomenon.

>

> **Observed image:** Researcher Angela is *killed*in all senses.synchronized with reality.。

>

> **Notes:** A ship sails out on its ownEverything has changed..

> **Subject:** Dr. Bruce

>

> **Observed image:** Dr. Bruce shoots three bullets. The first kills Researcher Angela[WARNING: DATA ANOMALY DETECTED], the second kills himself, and the third [REDACTED].

>

> **Notes:** The subject remains silent.

> **Subject:** Dr. Bruce

>

> **Observed image:** Researcher Angela *smiles*[WARNING: DATA ANOMALY DETECTED].

>

> **Note 1:** Researcher Angela is *already dead*on the brink of death, in the world of thoughts..

>

> **Note 2:** The subject remains silent.

> **Subject:** Dr. Bruce

>

> **Observed image:** Dr. Bruce *sinks* in the lake. A hand reaching out from the water signals "3". The image pans down to beneath the water's surface, showing the subject kneeling on the corpse of a woman[WARNING: DATA ANOMALY DETECTED].

>

> **Notes:** The subject remains silent.

> **Subject:** Dr. Bruce

>

> **Observed image:** Researcher Angela[WARNING: DATA ANOMALY DETECTED].

>

> **Notes:** The subject remains silent, and is [DATA EXPUNGED] after leaving SCP-6702.

> **Subject:** [Dead]

>

> **Observed image:** [Dead] is being married. *The bride*[WARNING: DATA ANOMALY DETECTED]'s veil is being lifted.

>

> **Notes:** Please forgive me.

**Addendum:** SCP-6702 Neutralization Record

> **Subject:** The rain of the one thousand ninety-fifth dayThe day we parted for good..

>

> **Observed image:** The rain of the first dayThe day we first met..

>

> **Notes:** The rain stoppedI still love you..

<< [SCP-6701](SCP-6701) | SCP-6702 | [SCP-6703](SCP-6703) >>
