**[More by this Author](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-dafydd-s-personnel-file)**

---

**Special Containment Procedures:**

The majority of SCP-6796's containment remains focused on monitoring the health of all known SCP-6796-1 instances. If a member of the public or an instance of SCP-6796-1 makes inquiries regarding SCP-6796, Foundation personnel are to provide alternative answers in order to prevent them from discovering SCP-6796.

In the event SCP-6796 enacts a thaumaturgical effect, the Department of Thaumaturgy is to be alerted. If the effect is recorded or deemed too noticeable to be passed over by witnesses, the Foundation is permitted to provide Class-A amnestics to all witnesses, including SCP-6796-1, and delete or edit any recording of the effect.

If an SCP-6796-2 event is detected, Foundation personnel are to perform a thaumaturgical and medical examination of all humans who were in close proximity to the event as soon as possible. Following this, if any SCP-6796-1 instances are discovered, they are to be added to the database to be monitored.

**Due to further discoveries regarding SCP-6796 and related anomalies, these containment procedures are awaiting updates and transfer to the management of Project Caliburn.**

---

**Description:**

SCP-6796 refers to a human polygenic, genetic disorder. It is identified by a collection of characteristics, including:

* Iron deficiency anemia (82%)

* Inflammation of the skin (eczema) (77%)

* Light intolerance (photophobia) (68%)

* Intolerance of barley, wheat and rye (54%)

* Intolerance of mammalian meat (42%)

* Precocious puberty (25%)

* Spontaneous thaumic discharge (9%) (See below)

Humans with SCP-6796, designated SCP-6796-1, will on average only display two of these symptoms in their lives. Outside of spontaneous thaumic discharge, the symptoms are non-anomalous and can be treated with non-anomalous medication. SCP-6796 has no impact on life expectancy and isn't passed on to offspring.

When experiencing a discharge, SCP-6796-1 instances will undergo an epileptic seizure or spasms, typically only lasting 2 to 10 seconds. During these seizures, SCP-6796-1 will perform a thaumaturgical program Colloquially known as 'rituals' or 'spells', thaumaturgical programs are sequences of patterns used to enact a thaumaturgical effect. . Numerous thaumaturgical effects have been created by SCP-6796-1, although their range and timeframe are very short. The most common thaumaturgical effects created by SCP-6796 include object translocation, self-transvection, telekinetic repulsion, object transmutation, and short-range telepathic communication. These discharges, due to their negligible impact, are often disregarded by SCP-6796-1 instances and witnesses.

It is currently unknown how SCP-6796 develops in humans. SCP-6796 doesn't target any specific sex, ethnicity, age, location, or lifestyle. An investigation is currently underway into identifying possible factors, however, due to the majority of SCP-6796's symptoms being easily treatable and misdiagnosed as other health conditions, results remain unclear.

---

**Addendum 6796.1: Interview Transcript with PoI-6796-47**

The following transcript is of an interview performed by Dr. Eren Noone while posing as a general practitioner. The subject, Gordon Holly (PoI-6796-47), had been identified as an instance of SCP-6796-1 after a series of spontaneous thaumic discharges, along with his intolerance of mammalian meat, anemia, and eczema.

Date: 04/03/1997

Interviewers: Dr. Eren Noone, Level 2 Medical Department

Interviewee: Gordon Holly (PoI-6796-38)

---

**- Begin Log -**

*(Dr. Noone finish their examination.)*

**Dr. Noone:** *(removes gloves)* OK. Can you take a seat for me here?

*(Holly puts their shirt back on and takes a seat beside the desk)*

**Dr. Noone:** I'm just going to ask a few questions, then I'll write up a prescription for you.

**Holly:** Thank you, doctor. *(itches their back)* This bloody rash is driving me up the wall.

**Dr. Noone:** Leave it alone. It will get worse if you keep scratching.

**Holly:** Sorry.

**Dr. Noone:** OK. Tell me, Mr. Holly, do you know how long have you been experiencing these issues?

**Holly:** I - let me see - about 20 years.

**Dr. Noone:** Did the symptoms all present at once, or one after another?

**Holly:** I'd had skin issues since a child. My father said he and my mother always had to carry around petroleum gel when they took me out, in case I broke out. The meat thing, that kind of presented itself a few weeks after I left the village and moved to London.

**Dr. Noone:** Why didn't you come in when it appeared?

**Holly:** The BSE outbreakAn outbreak of Bovine spongiform encephalopathy, also known as "mad cow disease", within the United Kingdom in the 1980s and 1990s. The outbreak resulted in new regulations for  meat processing, specifically beef. had just finished. I thought it could be a result of that.

**Dr. Noone:** Hmmmmmm - what about the blackouts?

**Holly:** The what?

**Dr. Noone:** The little seizures you've been experiencing.

**Holly:** Oh, those! They also started when I came to the city. Compared to the rashes and the eating problems, which are painful, they're mostly annoying.

**Dr. Noone:** Annoying?

**Holly:** Yeah, they just come out of nowhere, like once every two weeks or something. Stupid blips.

**Dr. Noone:** Does anything happen during these - blips? What's it like?

**Holly:** During the blips? You know when you're looking into space or that moment when you walk into a room and you forget why? It's like that. You're there but apart from it all. As if you've just been put on autopilot. Then you come back and you can't really remember what you're doing. It's really annoying when your balance goes all funny or if you find you've put something down and it's moved.

**Dr. Noone:** Yes. Yes. Well, here, this should alleviate some of the symptoms. Come back if you think anything else is happening or if they get worse.

*(Dr. Noone passes a prescription to Holly.)*

**Holly:** Thank you - uh - doctor - what do you know about dreams?

**Dr. Noone:** Not much but enough. Why?

*(Holly waits a few second before answering.)*

**Holly:** I - I don't think I have them.

**Dr. Noone:** You mean you don't remember them?

**Holly:** No - well maybe. I know how dreams work. Rushes of images, memories, and sounds are pressed together in your head. And you don't really remember them but you can for a bit when you're waking up. That's what my wife says. I don't have that.

**Dr. Noone:** So you don't believe you dream at all.

**Holly:** *(tilts head)* There is something, but it doesn't feel like how I think it should feel. It feels like this. Real. Tangible even. Except - 

**Dr. Noone:** Except?

**Holly:** It feels like I'm tagging along. As if I'm in someone else's shoes. Just along for the ride.

**Dr. Noone:** What happens in these - 'rides'? What do you see?

**Holly:** A wood.

**Dr. Noone:** Just a wood. Never anything else.

**Holly:** Sometimes there's a path. And a house. And whilst I can't see anyone, I know I'm not alone. I think someone is in the house.

**Dr. Noone:** Hmmmmm.

**- End Log -**

---

**Afterword:** Following their diagnosis, Gordon Holly left Clapham, London with their wife and returned to Corfe Castle, Dorset to leave in closer proximity to their parents. Foundation medics noted that their symptoms alleviated and became less frequent after they moved to their new environment. The possibility that urban environments may stimulate and aggravate SCP-6796's symptoms is being researched.

A large majority of the SCP-6796-1 known populace also admitted to having a similar experience during REM sleep. When investigated, an electroencephalogram (EEG) failed to measure the lacking of neural activity during REM sleep which would suggest dreaming. However, the neural activity within SCP-6796-1 instances during REM sleep appeared more akin to activity seen in conscious individuals. Oneirological and psionic investigations are currently pending approval.

---

**Addendum 6796.2: Common Factor**

In 1998, thanks to the deployment of Pratchett-8 Pratchett-8 was the latest astronomical satellite deployed by the Department of Thaumaturgy as part of Project Zorya, a project aimed at mapping Earth's Akiva Radiation flow., the Department of Thaumaturgy, in tandem with the Biology Department, managed to identify a possible link between instances of SCP-6796.

Since 05/02/1998, an instance of SCP-6796-1, known as Ethan Wiggs (PoI-6796-77), had been under Foundation observation after showing early signs of SCP-6796. When establishing a timeline of their symptoms occurrences, researchers discovered using Pratchett-8, a small spike in thaumactivity (~84.47 ⊕) around PoI-6796-77 on 12/03/1997, 7 months after their birth. When enquired further, it was discovered that the spike had lasted approximately 1 minute and had been localized entirely around PoI-6796-77's bedroom.

When analysed and reverse-engineered, the Department of Thaumaturgy was able to determine that the shift in thaumactivity was a result of a Rosen-Fortune Bridge ("Way") formation. Upon further investigation, the Bridge was found to be incapable of transmitting physical matter, though various forms of energy, radiation, or information could. It was also found that due to sudden changes in thaumactivity in the formation, the Bridge was likely of artificial activation.

Through applying Project Zorya and cross-referencing its data with the data regarding SCP-6796 and SCP-6796-1, the Foundation discovered that all known SCP-6796-1 instances had been subjected to a specific Rosen-Fortune Bridge, tentatively designated SCP-6796-2, around 6 to 18 month following their birth. Further statistical analysis of SCP-6796-2's rate of appearance also suggested that approximately 25,000 instances of SCP-6796-1 existed within the global human population. Investigation into the source, its relationship with SCP-6796, and the potential negation of SCP-6796-2 are ongoing.

@@@@

###246bce|{{> ACCESS ADDENDUM 6796.3.}}##

@@@@

{{WARNING: THE FOLLOWING ADDENDUM IS LEVEL 4/6796 CLASSIFIED}}

---

{{ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS ADDENDUM WITHOUT LEVEL 4/6796 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.}}

@@@@

###246bce|{{DOES THE BLACK MOON HOWL?}}##

###246bce|{{> ONLY WHEN CALLING FOR THE LIGHT OF DAY.}}##

@@@@

###246bce|{{IDNETITY CONFIRMED.}}##

###246bce|{{WELCOME, DR. LEONERD.}}##

---

**Addendum 6796.3: SCP-6796-A**

During the study of SCP-6796, Junior Researcher Terrence Quince from Site-46's Engineering Division was identified as an instance of SCP-6796-1 following a display of spontaneous thaumic discharge teleportation. After they were confirmed to also suffer from wheat intolerance and eczema, Mr. Quince was placed under a long-term study and treatment plan organised by the Department of Thaumaturgy and the Biology Department.

On 12/12/1999, Mr. Quince was subjected to an experimental thaumatherapic solutionSolution 6796-AC6-9., with the intention of preventing SCP-6796 from developing in new cells. During the treatment, Mr. Quince complained of dizziness and pains in their joints and muscles. 4 minutes into the treatment, Mr. Quince experienced a tonic-clonic seizure. During the episode, Mr. Quince underwent physiological metamorphism, with their sclera taking on a light green pigment, ears tapering, teeth whetting, muscular densening, skin taking on a lighter pigmentation, and an increase of 50cm in height.

Personnel attempted to detain Mr. Quince but were unsuccessful, with many of the personnel being killed in the brawl. Mr. Quince then breached containment and managed to escape Site-46, killing 2 and injuring 6 members of personnel while escaping. When escaping, Mr. Quince displayed a sudden increase in strength and durability. In addition, they demonstrated telekinetic and combat skills previously undemonstrated. They also appeared to have undergone an alteration in behaviour, seemingly enjoying harming their fellow workers while escaping. Luckily, before their escape, security officers were able to implant a tracking beacon into Mr. Quince.

When Mr. Quince was found 36 minutes later in ██████████ ██████ outside Site-46, they had reverted to their original physiology and behaviour. They were quickly detained, taken to Site-46's A-Wing, and placed under observation. The following transcript is of an interview performed by Dr. Monty Finns, SCP-6796's head researcher at the time of the breach.

Date: 14/12/1999

Interviewers: Dr. Monty Finns, Level 3 Department of Thaumaturgy

Interviewee: Terrence Quince, Engineering Division

---

**- Begin Log -**

*(Dr. Finns and Quince watch a recording of the breach. Quince appearance visibly disturbed and saddened.)*

**Quince:** Can - can you turn it off please!

*(Dr. Finns turns off the recording. Quince rubs their hands and face, agitated.)*

**Quince:** I - I didn't do those things. Monty - I - I killed those people.

**Dr. Finns:** Yes - I'm afraid you did.

**Quince:** Oh god. It isn't - this can't be - I didn't want - 

**Dr. Finns:** I know this is a lot but can you tell me if you - 

**Quince:** Can you stop talking for a minute!

*(Dr. Finns waits as Quince holds back a series of cries.)*

**Quince:** Oh - oh fucking hell. Oh - oh - oh fuck!

*(Quince bangs their hand on the table before putting their head in them. He continues to suppress cries.)*

**Quince:** So - I'm a 'skip'.

**Dr. Finns:** You're anomalous, yes.

**Quince:** And that thing. That creature, has been inside me all this time?

**Dr. Finns:** We don't know but - it's possible.

**Quince:** I feel sick.

**Dr. Finns:** You remember it, don't you?

**Quince:** *(cries)* Yes.

**Dr. Finns:** What was it like?

**Quince:** *(gulps)* It hurt. I - I - I was so far away. I could see it happening. I could - fee - feel it happening. It was like I was a passenger in my own body.

**Dr. Finns:** And who was the driver?

**Quince:** *(gulps)* I - I don't know. It sounded human. In my head - I saw - I saw pictures.

**Dr. Finns:** What pictures?

**Quince:** *(gulps)* There - a - a forest. And an island. And - and a man, with wings. And long grey hair.

**Dr. Finns:** Did you try to resist them?

**Quince:** *(begins wheezing and breathing heavily)*

**Dr. Finns:** Mr. Quince?

**Quince:** *(continues wheezing and breathing heavily)* I wanted to want to fight. But I didn't. I couldn't fight. I didn't - want to fight.

**Dr. Finns:** Terry? Did you resist?

**Quince:** No. I - I - I liked it!

*(Quince begins aggressively crying and shaking. Attempt to calm them down were unsuccessful.)*

**- End Log -**

Mr. Quince has since been given the designation SCP-6796-A and moved to Site-44. Reclassification of SCP-6796 is currently pending.

---

###246bce|{{DR. LEONERD. ATTACHED TO THIS FILE IS A NOTE.}}##

###246bce|{{DO YOU WISH TO ACCESS?}}##

###246bce|{{> CONFIRM.}}##

Arthur,

You're probably wondering why you've been given this access and why the [Department of Mythology And Folkloristics](department-of-mythology-and-folkloristics-hub) has suddenly been introduced to 6796 and related projects.

When my department was asked to check over SCP-6796-A, we did some investigations on their behaviour and memories both after and during the breach. Although SCP-6796-A's behaviour during the breach was different from that after and before, their knowledge wasn't. During the breach, SCP-6796-A knew where they were going. They knew the security officers' weaknesses and equipment. They knew the security code needed to exit Site-46.

What's more, SCP-6796-A's personality during the breach wasn't that of an erratic animal. They had a personality. A character. They were an identity of their own, connected to Mr. Quince's mind and memories. And they got him to want what it wanted.

You may think I'm mad suggesting that this monstrous SCP-6796-A was inside the human SCP-6796-A all along but since being designated, 16 SCP-6796-1 instances have gone missing. The only thing we could find was this:

*Agent Fox reporting. Cong, Ireland.*

---

*No traces of Siona Healy (PoI-6796-102) at her residence. A neighbour reported seeing the subject leaving their home at around 4:31 am and making their way towards the village. An investigation found the local tavern, Lonely Shepard, had been broken into. The subject was not found on the premises. A bag of white powder and bird feathers were found near the fireplace, which had been used.*

The only thing they could find was some DNA samples on the fireplace. When the bio lot checked it out, but one thing's for sure: it's not just human DNA.

I think you can probably figure out the rest.

They've already started enacting SCP-6796's new containment procedures. Every 6796-1 instance is now under strict observation, although we can't get too close. We don't want to spook them. They've got me and another bunch from Site-12's History doing some research. I suggest you and your mates look up anything around the concept of '**changelings**'. If the age range of the SCP-6796-1 is anything to go by, this has been going on for a long time. We need to figure out why they're doing this and why they are doing it now.

Speak soon,

Zachary

@@ @@

=====

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6795](SCP-6795) | SCP-6796 | [SCP-6797](SCP-6797) >>
