:root {

    ~~logo-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/scp-6351/pan_logo.png");

}

.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}

**Item #:** SCP-6351

**Object Class:** Keter, Pending Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6351 is to be fed twice a day and entertained with play constantly during the day. When being played with, the anomaly is to remain in its containment chamber, which is carpeted. It is heavily recommended that SCP-6351 be walked once or twice a day through Site-19's garden complex by Field Researcher ████ ███████ if his schedule allows it; otherwise, another staff member is to do so. 

During the night, SCP-6351 is to be relocated to the site's surveillance room, where a bed and other accommodations have been established for it. This is intended to improve the morale of the nighttime surveillance staff and make monitoring SCP-6351 at night easier.

**Description:** SCP-6351 is a male Cairn Terrier puppy born on February 2nd, 2022. The anomaly possesses no physical or medical abnormalities. SCP-6351's anomalous effect comes in the form of its use of energy. SCP-6351 exhibits prolonged stamina and strength beyond what would be expected given its diet and presumed muscular boundaries. 

This is most apparent in its jaw and paws, as it chews and/or digs through objects extremely efficiently. SCP-6351 has shown a tendency to dig deep holes in patches of dirt. For more information, refer to the anomaly's discovery. However, SCP-6351's abilities appear hindered when attempting to bypass carpeting and will instead simply create a mess.

**Discovery:** SCP-6351 was adopted in May of 2022 by Field Researcher ████ ███████. When its anomalous properties manifested is unknown. Apricus claims nothing abnormal had occurred before Incident 6351-1.

Incident 6351-1 occurred on July 28th, 2022. At 0858 GMT, SCP-6351, who was not designated at the time, disappeared from its owner's property. While ███████ and his neighbor were searching for SCP-6351, the two discovered a hole, spanning approximately a meter wide, in ███████'s yard. The hole was immeasurably deep and projected straight down.

Foundation authorities were promptly alerted, and a surveillance drone was deployed into the hole. After descending 3,412 kilometers, it was discovered that the hole was actively deepening. Despite passing directly through the mantle and core of the Earth, no change in temperature or surroundings was detected, as drone camera footage shows a circular wall of dirt throughout the descent.

Given the trajectory, it was decided to have agents of the Japanese branch wait at the estimated exit of the hole. After two hours, the hole's expansion point was within 150 meters of the surface. At 1134 GMT, SCP-6351 appeared out of the soil at the Daio Wasabi Farm located in Nagano, Japan. SCP-6351 remained spry upon exiting and was covered in a fifty-millimeter-thick layer of compacted dirt. Despite this, though, the anomaly was unharmed, with the notable exception that its nails had been reduced to stubs. 

In the days following the incident, SCP-6351 would periodically excrete large amounts of dirt and gravel, leading personnel to believe it had consumed those materials while digging the tunnel. Since containment, all witnesses to the incident have been amnesticized, and the hole has been effectively sealed off from public view, although it is still under investigation by Foundation personnel. SCP-6351 has made little attempt to reenact Incident 6351-1.

---

= **More works by this author can be found [here](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/drapricus-author-page)!**

---

<< [SCP-6350](SCP-6350) | SCP-6351 | [SCP-6352](SCP-6352) >>

=====

=====
