**Special Containment Procedures:** All factory instances of SCP-6025 are to be surrounded by a perimeter of barbed wire fencing and tank-traps, remaining a minimum of 50 meters away from any structure that composes an SCP-6025 instance.  In the case of dockyard instances this will be replaced by anti-submarine nets and naval mines.  Armed staff should be present at all times, with anti-tank and anti-aircraft measures present as well.  

On Sunday of every week, a telegram is to be sent to all instances of SCP-6025 on the behalf of their respective governments ordering them to quarter and halt their forces and await further orders.  In the event of a containment breach, an immediate communique will be sent to any and all countries over which airborne or suborbital instances will fly, along with the Global Occult Coalition, North Atlantic Treaty Organization, and all suspected or confirmed nuclear powers, notifying them of the nature of the situation (see Incident Log A).  In the event of a mass containment breach, the previous steps will be taken, and all offending factory instances of SCP-6025 are to be bombarded with long-range artillery until their self-defense mechanism is triggered.  Airborne Class-C programmable amnotics will be dropped over areas with confirmed visual contact with SCP-6025 instances, targeted to remove recent memories of WWII equipment.

**Description:** SCP-6025 is a group of factories, dockyards, airbases, and launch sites located in nations corresponding to the Allied Powers of WWII, and the successor states of the Axis Powers of WWII.  There is also at least 16 facilities in countries that historically remained neutral throughout the war.  The total number of facilities is 98.  They are all owned by GoI-206-S, known as "The Glasgow United Armory," a defunct subsidiary of Marshall, Carter, and Dark, Ltd. that filed for bankrupty in 1951.  The facilities' main anomalous feature is their ability to create equipment of historical nature, dating back to World War Two, without any form of workforce and at a rate 900% higher than any non-anomalous workforce could achieve even if running at peak efficiency.  The equipment itself is also anomalous and does not need a crew to function in more than 99% of cases.  It is currently unknown from where facility instances of SCP-6025 acquire material, fuel, or ammunition.  

<details>
<summary>+ Show list of instance types</summary>

**SCP-6025-A:** All forms of facilities designed and constructed to manufacture, accommodate, launch, and maintain all other instances of SCP-6025.

**SCP-6025-B:** All mobile instances serving a "support" role.  Examples include transport and cargo watercraft, military engineers and their corresponding vehicles, any form of transport land vehicle or aircraft, and the like.

**SCP-6025-C:** All mobile instances not serving a support role and taking humanoid forms.  Examples include regular infantry, machine-gun and mortar crews, snipers, and the like.

**SCP-6025-D:** All mobile instances not serving a support role and taking land vehicular forms.  Examples include tanks and other armored vehicles, most artillery, and the like.

**SCP-6025-E:** All mobile instances not serving a support role and taking aerial vehicular forms.  Examples include fighter and bomber aircraft, close air support, multirole aircraft, and the like.

**SCP-6025-F:** All mobile instances not serving a support role and taking watercraft forms.  Examples include battleships, destroyers, submarines, and the like.

**SCP-6025-G:** All instances taking the form of rocket-based weaponry larger than can be realistically crewed by instances of SCP-6025-C.  Particular examples include the German *Vergeltungswaffe 2*, the American VB01, and others.

**SCP-6025-H:** All mobile instances taking the form of weapons that were devised but not constructed or used widely during the Second World War.  Examples include the *Panzerkampfwagen VIII Maus*, the *Messerschmitt P.1099*, the Gloster Meteor, and others.

</details>

    Equipment produced by instances of SCP-6025-A is animate, though it is unknown if the equipment has intrinsic sentience or displays the sentience of its home factory.  All equipment follows its specifications and capabilities, as proven during World War Two or predicted during the time.  Equipment has been seen to experience wear, become inoperable due to said wear if not maintained, and be damaged by non-anomalous sources such as ballistic trauma, heat, water, weather, etc.  Equipment that requires external intervention to function (i.e. small arms, crew-served weapons and the like) is wielded by animate constructs superficially resembling mannequins.

    

Equipment appears to bear allegiance to the home country of the facility responsible for its construction.  They follow their chain of command, obey orders from said country, and do not engage forces their country was not at war with during World War Two.

    

Equipment also appears to act as though World War Two is continuing.  Each Sunday, SCP-6025-A instances will "reset," erasing orders set in a previous week.  They will then have new orders assigned to them by a "High Command," often involving offensives into "enemy" territory.  During said offensives, members of the "Allied" force appear to be more conscientious of civilian casualties than members of the "Axis" force.  However, due to the fact that incursions into "Axis" territory are more common than incursions into "Allied" territory, the "Allied" force is nevertheless responsible for more civilian casualties.

Instances of SCP-6025-A will switch allegiances if a member of an enemy country enters the facility and takes its flag, located at its highest point accessible from the inside, and replaces it with the flag of another country.  This is exceptionally dangerous considering the heavy defenses surrounding an SCP-6025-A instance, and any force that attempts the task, anomalous or otherwise, will almost invariably suffer heavy casualties numbering from 30-95% of the original force dead or incapacitated.  In the event that the facility flag is destroyed, the defending force will forgo any allegiances and attack anyone nearby if their intent is not to assist them.

All humanoid instances of SCP-6025 are capable of verbal communication, and all non-humanoid instances are capable of radio communication, speaking in a randomly-generated male voice in the language of their home facility's country.  Instances of SCP-6025-A are also capable of sending and receiving telegrams, radio broadcasts, and television signals.

When damaged by any weapon of larger caliber than .50, instances of SCP-6025-A will broadcast a "distress signal" over an anomalous radio frequency (105.7) which cannot be jammed or intercepted in any known way.  This causes all forces created by the facility in its current state to immediately return to their home factory and retaliate against the agency that damaged the facility.  However, if the offender is destroyed, out of range, or unable to be detected, the forces will end the retaliation and repair the facility to full integrity and efficiency within 4 days.  For this reason, instances of SCP-6025 will never bombard or otherwise create the potential for harm to SCP-6025-A instances when attempting to capture them.  They also will not attack the last instance of SCP-6025-A of a country, instead blockading it until the forces of the blockaded facility break the blockade, an event that happens in 100% of cases within 1 month.  

<details>
<summary>+ Discovery Log, May 18, 1956</summary>

**Caller:** Agent Hayes

**Receiver:** CENTCOM

**<Begin Log, 0300>**

*[Hayes repeats security code into radio, security code is accepted.]*

**Hayes:** This is Exploration Team 3, reporting in from Roswell, New Mexico.  Message, over.

**CENTCOM:** Exploration Team 3, send message, over.

**Hayes:** Reporting a possible anomaly roughly half a click southeast.  A... factory, it looks like.  Over.

**CENTCOM:** We're going to need a better description.  Does it have a logo?  Over.

**Hayes:** Umm... *give me the binocs!*  Yeah.  Glasgow United Armory.  No trespassing by order of the U.S. Army.  Violators will be shot on sight.  Over.

**CENTCOM:** Is it active?

**Hayes:** Yeah, looks like.  I can see smoke coming out of the chimneys.  I can see through the windows, though.  No one seems to be inside.  Hold on... is that a *Sherman?*

**CENTCOM:** A Sherman *tank?*

**Hayes:** Affirmative.  An M4A3 Sherman medium tank.

**CENTCOM:** Is it active?

**Hayes:** Let's see... yes, I can see the exhaust coming off of it.  Hold on... those don't look like people.

**CENTCOM:** Description.

**Hayes:** They're wearing... Army uniforms.  Armed.  Humanoid, but far too pale.  Even at this distance, I should be able to see facial features through the binocs.  They're bringing out some trucks, GMC CCKW by the looks of it.  Flatbeds, and in the back... oh my god.  They've got bombs.

**CENTCOM:** What kind of bombs?

**Hayes:** Miller says he recognizes them.  500-pounders, from the war.  I haven't seen them bring anything in though...

**CENTCOM:** Are you sure you haven't just found a manufactory?

**Hayes:** I mean, we'd think that, but there's too much materiel, and it's all outdated.  It doesn't look like they're getting rid of surplus war equipment either.  Potential Group of Interest, you got anything on Glasgow?

*[A short pause.]*

**CENTCOM:** Corporate records show that it was at one point subsidized by... Marshall, Carter, and Dark.  It's out of business, officially.

**Hayes:** Well, you'll have to update that record, because-

*[A distant explosion is heard, followed by a loud whoosh and a louder blast.]*

**Hayes:** JESUS CHRIST!

**CENTCOM:** What's happening?

**Hayes:** The damn Sherman took a potshot at us!

**CENTCOM:** Was it accurate?

**Hayes:** No, but Miller doesn't look too good.  I think he's got shrapnel.

**CENTCOM:** Do not engage.  Pull back, we'll sent in air recon and support.

**Hayes:** Affirmative.

**<End Log, 0307>**

**Closing Statement:** [Exploration Team 3 was airlifted from the site at 0430.  Agent Miller was treated for shrapnel injuries and blood loss, and Researcher Delacroix was treated for a mild concussion.]

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Incident Log A, August 5, 1959</summary>

**<Begin Video Log, 0730>**

**Locale:** Containment 45 surrounding SCP-6025-A28, located north of Norwich, England, a locus for SCP-6025 instances of both British and American nature.

**Agent Hayes:** *[walking from the direction of Area-45's barracks]* New day, new me!  What's for breakfast?

**Researcher Price:** Breakfast was half an hour ago.  You slept late again.

**Agent Miller:** Don't worry, Jay.  I saved some for you.

**Hayes:** Aw, thanks!

[IRRELEVANT DIALOGUE REMOVED]

**Security Officer Gray:** Agent Hayes?

**Hayes:** Yes?

**Gray:** We've got a C at the gate.  Wants to talk to you.

**Hayes:** A C-class instance wants to talk to me and not the site manager?

**Gray:** Mentioned you by name, sir.

**Hayes:** Ugh, fine.  Let him in.

*[A short pause.]*

*[An instance of SCP-6025-C wearing a British airman's uniform enters the view of the camera.]*

**Hayes:** What do you want?

**SCP-6025-C1:** *[In a London accent.]* Hello to you too.  Captain Ryan Snow, Royal Air Force.  I'm here to negotiate.

**Hayes:** What's there to negotiate?  We've already hammered out a deal with your commanding officer.

**SCP-6025-C1:** Yes, but 'stay in your box and we won't utterly annihilate you' is a rather detrimental agreement for us, don't you think?  You didn't think that would last forever, did you?

**Hayes:** Watch your tone, buddy.  You're in our territory.  I could have Gray here blow your head off if you don't behave.

**SCP-6025-C1:** If you'll let me speak, you might just get a chance to learn something.  I'm here to give you a counter-offer.  You leave this place and don't interfere in the affairs of His Majesty the King, and you get to see another day.

**Hayes:** Uh-uh.  Out of the question.  As long as you and your factory bear these traits, we will not allow you to leave.

**SCP-6025-C1:** So, is that how it ends?

**Hayes:** Yes.  You're going to stay there, and you're going to like it.  You've tried to break out before.  It never worked.

**SCP-6025-C1:** You know, this could've been fruitful.  You could've survived.  But yet you had to interfere in our mission.  God save the King.

*[SCP-6025-C1 removes one hand from its pocket.  In it is a Mills Bomb fragmentation grenade.  It pulls the pin with its thumb and tosses the grenade.]*

**Gray:** GET DOWN!

*[Security Officer Gray tackles Agents Miller and Hayes into a ditch, and Researcher Price does the same.]*

*[The grenade detonates as SCP-6025-C1 draws a Webley service revolver and fires two shots, fatally wounding two security officers.  SCP-6025-C1 then shoots out the security camera.  Audio recordings still exist.]*

**Hayes:** Shoot him!  SHOOT HIM!

*[Three shots are fired, later revealed to be from Security Officer Gray's rifle.  The first strikes and wounds SCP-6025-C1, the second misses, and the third strikes SCP-6025-C1, terminating it.]]*

*[A loud crash is heard as an M8 Greyhound armored vehicle breaks through the barbed-wire barriers surrounding SCP-6025-A28.]*

**Hayes:** Somebody get the Bazookas!

**Unknown:** Up!  Up!  Give us your weapons!

**<End Log, 0759>**

**Closing Statement:** Security Officer Gray, Researcher Price, Agent Hayes, and twelve others were taken hostage by forces of SCP-6025-A28.  Agent Miller escaped shortly after being taken hostage, causing five SCP-6025-C casualties.  Afterward, a large number of Avro Lancaster heavy bombers were spotted being moved to SCP-6025-A10, an airbase to the west.

**<Begin Audio Log, 0930>**

**Caller:** Foundation Nuclear Command, or NUCOM

**Receiver:** Nuclear Specialist Himmel

**Receiver Locale:** Site-67, Leipzig, Germany

**Note:** Dialogue translated from German.

**NUCOM:** We have a message for Himmel, top priority.

**Himmel:** You're speaking to him.

**NUCOM:** We've received a communique from the Kremlin.  They need to speak with you.  Rerouting now.

**Himmel:** ...Oh.

*[A phone rings.  Nuclear Specialist Himmel answers.  There is a long period of silence.]*

**Himmel:** The Russians have detected a large swarm of aircraft leaving English airspace at a steady pace.  They're headed for Germany.

**NUCOM:** West or East?

**Himmel:** Both.

**NUCOM:** How long do we have until they reach their targets?

**Himmel:** The first aircraft will be flying over East Germany in twenty minutes.  The Kremlin says... if we cannot call it off or prove to them that it is an anomaly, they'll scramble their forces under the assumption of an attack by the West.

**NUCOM:** What does that mean?

**Himmel:** Nuclear Armageddon.

**[REMAINDER OF LOG REDACTED, O5 EYES ONLY]**

**<End Log, 0933>**

**<Begin Audio Recording, 0940>**

**Recorder:** Agent Miller

**Miller:** I've found an audio recorder.  If I... if anyone recovers this, I want them to know that I did my best.  I know what's about to happen.  If we don't recontain, that's it.  We're all dead.  I'm not going out without a fight, though.  I know there's a British Army artillery battalion not too far away on training... If I can get their commanding officer to agree, or hijack their guns, I could bomb that place to hell.  Maybe they'll die without controllers.

[IRRELEVANT FOOTAGE REMOVED]

[FURTHER DATA PARTIALLY CORRUPTED]

**Miller:** -You have to believe me!  We- I have authority on behalf of the British-

**Unknown:** You're asking me to bomb a location out in the middle of-

**I'm with the- Army Group in- targeting object now... fi-!  *[explosion]* shots hit-!  Factory- damaged condition- what's that?- incoming!  MY GO#$%@(#&$@#[DATA CORRUPTED]

**<End Log, 0949>**

**Closing Statement:** Agent Miller was later discovered deceased among the bodies of 24 British Army members.  Miller appeared to have triggered SCP-6025-A28's self-defense mechanism, diverting the bombers to himself and successfully averting an WXK-class Global Conflict event.  A total of 47 were killed, along with 89 injured and 18 taken hostage (later released).  Cover stories were devised for both the Eastern and Western power blocs, with the former describing an abortive training exercise and the latter describing a successful show of force.  Containment procedures revised.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Test Logs, 1967</summary>

DATE

DATA

RESULTS

NOTES

June 8

D-28106, officially an Italian citizen, was given orders to approach SCP-6025-A45, in NY, USA.

D-28106 was unharmed and treated as a civilian.

Several insults were spoken by C-instances regarding D-28106's nationality.  Said instances were later witnessed being forced to do push-ups and squats as a form of discipline.

June 12

D-28106 was given a Thompson submachine gun and ordered to approach SCP-6025-A45.

D-28106 was liquidated by sniper fire upon entering the perimeter.

C-instance snipers observed Army policy and fired warning shots prior to liquidating D-28106.

July 4

D-3333, an American national, was ordered to approach SCP-6025-A19, north of Dresden, Germany.

D-3333 was immediately struck by a rifle bullet upon entering the perimeter, knocked unconscious, and liquidated via exsanguination within five minutes.

Several C-instances were observed to fire at once, and at least one MG-42 emplacement was seen training its weapon on D-3333.

July 19

D-3334, also an American national, was given a Thompson submachine gun and ordered to approach SCP-6025-A19.

D-3334 was liquidated via sniper fire before setting foot on the premises.

It wasn't a problem before, but we're restricting the staff at sites to nationalities historically allied to the country.

- Head Researcher Greene

August 1-29

D-4579, a German national, was ordered to approach SCP-6025-A19.

D-4579 was welcomed by the inhabitants of SCP-6025-A19 and resided there for the next ten years before dying of an underlying health issue.  He was buried with military honors on-site.

D-4579 was known for his connections to the German neo-fascist movement and was originally sentenced to life imprisonment for the killings of three suspected communists.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Cross-Testing Logs, 1976</summary>

DATE

DATA

EFFECTS

NOTES

February 17

A mixture of instances from SCP-6025-A8 (German) were sent through a class-III transient gateway anomaly and followed via camera probe.  

Reason: Analyzing actions of instances in unfamiliar environments devoid of natural enemies.

Feed lost when gateway anomaly closed without prior warning.

Einstein-Rosen Bridge communications by the Phitransimun Combine appear to indicate that instances were sent to the same universe as the GoI known as Alexylva University.  Policy revised regarding use of trans-universal anomalies for testing.

February 29

C-instances from multiple A-instances exposed to [SCP-2680](SCP-2680).

Reason: Test of viability of SCP-2680 in containing SCP-6025.

C-instances unaffected.

Several C-instances were observed remarking about the strength of the substance.

March 1-12

An E-instance (B-17 heavy bomber) was disassembled and run, piece by piece, through [SCP-914](SCP-914), set to Fine.

Reason: Assessing SCP-6025 upgradability.

Upon being reassembled, the E-instance was a B-52H intercontinental nuclear jet bomber, retaining its anomalous traits and, curiously, its "radio voice." However, major sections of the vehicle were noticeably absent, and the existing section was noted to be of precisely equal mass to the input.  The instance had also been aggravated, and attempted to escape its hangar, which succeeded, and take off, which resulted in the destruction of the object due to the missing sections resulting in the vehicle not being airworthy.

Several researchers have testified that, with an adequate control device, SCP-6025 can be a very valuable asset to the Foundation.  However, it has been restated that SCP-914 will not, necessarily, interpret "upgrading" in the same fashion as humans, and increasing aggression and fervor while still adhering to the Law of Conservation of Mass is only one of the ways an upgrading request can be misinterpreted.

June 16

Mixed instances introduced to various anomalies unable to be conventionally contained.

Reason: Assessing use of SCP-6025 in reducing the immediate threat of Apollyon entities, among other uncontainable anomalies.

The A-instances of origin were noted to increase their production rate ten- to twenty-fold, resulting in hyper-destructive anomalies being unable to destroy instances as quickly as they were being produced.  No permanent harm was dealt to said anomalies, however.

When exposed to Apollyon-level anomalies, instances are noted to desist engaging one another and act in a joint fashion.

November 30

Mixed instances exposed to various anomalous and conventional effects.

Reason: Assessing full capabilities of instances.

Instances are notably immune to damage or effects of/from pathogens, anomalous and otherwise, cognito- and infohazards, all toxins, heat exceeding 500 degrees Celsius and below -150 degrees Celsius, all physioactive substances, ionizing radiation levels exceeding 300,000 Rad/hour, most other electromagnetic radiation regardless of dose (notably reflecting electromagnetic radiation above a certain density, such as lasers), and cognitoaffectors.  However, humanoid instances display a tolerance to physical damage similar to that of humans, with an outer shell composed of an unknown polymer similar in physical properties to polyvinyl chloride (PVC.)

Upon dissection, humanoid instances are composed of separate "compartments," comprising the head and body.  The "body" section appears to be filled completely with refined lithium for an unknown reason.  The lithium is of a purity as of yet unattainable by non-anomalous means.  The head compartment is empty (a vacuum, in fact), excepting a small pamphlet touting the capabilities of SCP-6025, thanking the reader for purchasing an A-instance, and signed by one "Dr. Peter, PhD."

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Incident Log B, September 12, 2020</summary>

**Locale:** Foundation Crisis Command 6, or APOCOM6, located in ██████.

**Note:** Video logs and photographs of SCP-6025-A expunged following discovery of anomalous effects on recordings, causing the brief appearance of cognitohazardous imagery.

Staff names replaced with codenames for privacy reasons.

**<Begin Log, 0906>**

**Ethics Committee Liaison "Orwell":** We just want to limit the use of amnotics, that's all.

**Commander (S-5) "Kepler":** Amnotics are just the next step up from amnestics, and you all never seemed to question those.

**Orwell:** We have, █████.  Many times.  The Forgotten Epidemic was the result of your subordinates leaking the recipe.  Imagine if cognito-affective nanomachines were reverse-engineered by, say, the Insurgency.  Mnemonic modification is only one of the things they can do.

**Kepler:** If you're talking about infecting the populace with something that makes them into mindless killing machines at the drop of a hat, then you're wrong.  The *Foundation* can't do that.  The most advanced society in the known worlds doesn't even know if that's *possible,* ██████.  Besides, that's why we have failsafes, nullifiers.  Why would we put a fleet of tiny robots into someone's head if we couldn't deactivate and destroy them at any time?

**Orwell:** I don't know, maybe ask Anderson Robotics when they deployed their little "Huntsman" vaccine.  If one little computer virus from the GOC caused 68,000 deaths across the globe, specifically from the bots attacking the body and *melting the organs down,* creating a lethal nanovirus that we are *still* trying to contain, then you would have righteous cause to be worried, █████.

**Kepler:** But we need this.  The world's getting smaller, and we don't have as many places to hide in.  With amnestics, we spent billions quieting down the press after containment breaches, because why do entire towns suddenly come down with retrograde amnesia?  And then there's cover stories, which would cost an astronomical amount more if we made them for those towns.  With amnotics, we'd just let them off, tell them what to look for, and be done with it.  Imagine if there was an incident with 682.  We might be able to explain away an antiquated bomber flying over the ocean, but what do we do with a giant [EXPLETIVE] lizard that we *still* can't kill?  We'll say it was some freak tornado or something, but nobody'll believe that, because nobody remembers.  It's the government telling the people what to believe, and that's less effective.  If we modify their memories to match the cover story, then it will be the people doing the talking, which is much more believable.  It's a matter of the survival of the Veil.  If we don't keep our mistakes secret, why do we exist?

**Orwell:** You bring up a valid point, but-

*[A phone rings.]*

**Assistant "Tolkien":** It's for you, sir.

*[Kepler answers the phone.]*

**Orwell:** You know, it's rude to-

*[Kepler gasps.]*

**Orwell:** Sir, what's-

**Kepler:** Shut up!

*[There is a short pause before Kepler hangs up.]*

**Orwell:** ... Sir?

**Kepler:** Something's happened with 6025.  Big.

**Orwell:** I'm cleared to know this.

**Kepler:** No you're not.

**Orwell:** Are you suggesting that the Ethics Committee is not allowed to know everything we need to know in order to-

**Kepler:** Yes.  You're Level 5, right?

**Orwell:** Yes?

**Kepler:** I just got off the phone with 05-█.  And you were never here.

*[There is a brief scuffle before Kepler fires a syringe gun into Orwell's chest.  Orwell is quickly rendered unresponsive.]*

**Kepler:** Now, █████.

**Tolkien:** Yes, sir?

**Kepler:** Get me live footage of A56, now.

**Tolkien:** Yes, sir.

*[Tolkien brings up footage of SCP-6025-A56.  On the screen, there is a launchsite resembling those used in WWII to launch V-2 rockets.  An Opel Blitz transport vehicle is pulling a modified V-2 on an attached trailer.  The rocket appears to have been outfitted with a more advanced, but still primitive, guidance system, an enlarged fuel tank, and an enlarged payload space.]*

**Tolkien:** Looks like an ICBM.

**Kepler:** It is.

*[The radio bleeps as it receives a signal.]*

**Agent Parrell (over radio):** APOCOM, we've got a major problem.

**Kepler:** Location.

**Parrell:** SCP-6025-A33.  A convoy of trucks has just left the facility.

**Kepler:** Carrying?

**Parrell:** Bombs.  Big ones.  They look like... oh no.  They look like nukes.

**Kepler:** I'm sorry, did you say *nukes?*

**Parrell:** Yes.  Nuclear bombs, Mark 3, same kind as the bomb dropped on Nagasaki.

**Kepler:** Where is A33 again?

**Parrell:** We're outside of Honolulu, Hawaii.  They're being trailed by Pershing tanks.  Wait, are they-

*[The radio signal cuts off.]*

**Kepler:** What happened?

**Tolkien:** They didn't broadcast the closing code.  That means the signal was interrupted by either jamming... or destruction of the radio.

**Kepler:** We sent them their weekly order, right?

**Tolkien:** Yeah, so they must have just ignored it... What's happening to the screen?

*[Kepler and Tolkien both look at the screen.  The viewfeed begins to flicker as it focuses on the building.  As the camera continues to focus, the feed distorts more and begins to flash.]*

**Kepler:** DON'T LOOK!

*[The feed displays [DATA EXPUNGED].  Kepler covers his eyes with both hands and turns away from the screen.  Tolkien is unable to look away in time.  As the screen continues to [DATA EXPUNGED], Tolkien begins violently convulsing before falling to her knees.  The feed cuts off.]*

**Kepler:** █████!  Are you okay?  Come on, talk to me!

*[Tolkien does not respond.  Her eyes are rolled up in her head and blood is flowing from her tear ducts, nostrils and ears.]*

**Kepler:** Dammit, no!

*[Kepler picks up the radio and dials a number.]*

**Kepler:** A33, give me a SITREP.

**Site Manager Brooke:** We've got a complete containment breach.  The instances are already moving planes out.  They look to be some sort of early jet bombers.  They're heading towards Pearl Harbor.

**Kepler:** Affirmative.  We're sending military support.

*[Kepler ends the transmission.  He then picks up the phone again and orders U.S. military channels to be monitored as closely as possible.]*

*[The radio bleeps again.]*

**Foundation Extraplanetary Command, or EXCOM:** TERMITE's just shot down a V-2 on a suborbital trajectory.  From the blast it made, it was some sort of jury-rigged nuclear missile.

**Kepler:** Where was it headed?

**EXCOM:** Its trajectory would have allowed it to strike anywhere in the triangle formed by Birmingham, London, and Norwich.  Judging by the EMP that took out comms in northern France, it was a 20-kiloton blast.

**Kepler:** Are there more?

**EXCOM:** SCP-6025 could have been building these for years, so anywhere between one and one thousand of them exist.

*[Kepler curses to himself, then hangs up.  Shortly afterward, the phone rings again.  Kepler picks it up.]*

*[A live feed of an air traffic control channel plays.]*

**Unknown:** Mustang-7, requesting landing clearance.

**Tower:** Repeat?

**Unknown:** Mustang-7, requesting landing clearance.

**Tower:** Mustang-7, your IFF is not on the current list.  Is this an error?

**Unknown:** Negative.  Requesting landing clearance.

**Tower:** Negative.  You are not cleared to land.

**Unknown:** If landing clearance is not received then airbase will be considered hostile.

**Tower:** Mustang-7, you are flying over U.S. military airspace.  Identify yourself or we will shoot you down!

**Unknown:** Tower, this is no longer your choice.  Requesting landing clearance.

**Tower:** Negative!  Identify yourself!  Identify- *[explosion.]*

**Communications Officer "Asimov":** We've lost contact with the tower at Pearl Harbor.  We can assume that the bombers have reached their destination and are about to launch.

**Kepler:** They must be headed for Japan.  They're going to glass the whole island.  Maybe China too.

**Asimov:** Should we activate Protocol Mike-67?

**Kepler:** If we have to take a page out of the GOC's handbook to stop a nuclear war, then so be it.  Bomb that place to hell.

**Asimov:** Affirmative.

**<End Log, 0930>**

**Closing Statement:** SCP-6025-A33 and SCP-6025-A56 were bombarded from afar, causing the complete destruction of the facilities.  "Tolkien" survived, but has been in a vegetative state since Incident B.  Both objects destroyed exhibited no further anomalous properties, and equipment instances produced by them have become non-anomalous.  In total, 289 casualties were suffered by members of the civilian population, Foundation, and U.S. Navy and Air Force.  Once again, a WXK-class Global Conflict scenario has been averted.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Exploration Log, May 1, 2021</summary>

**Parties in Question:** MTF Gamma-78, "Old Timers"

**Locale:** SCP-6025-A97, a factory anomaly near Glasgow, Scotland.

**Foreword:** MTF Gamma-78 was dispatched to SCP-6025-A97 to recover potential artifacts, as the factory appears to be larger than most and has been referenced by other instances to be the site of Glasgow United Armory's corporate headquarters.

**<Begin Log, 2126>**

*[The UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter carrying MTF Gamma-76 lands.  For reference, SCP-6025-A97 has an abnormally large exclusion zone averaging 307 meters from the perimeter.]*

**MTF Commander Parkinson:** Disembark, disembark!

**Lieutenant Meyers:** Repeat, we are on the ground, MTF Gamma-78 on the ground!

**Parkinson:** NVGs on, I don't want to see a flashlight out or on.  We don't know what will trigger them.

**Specialist Kentland:** You think this is safe, being so close to such a big city?

**Meyers:** Well, GUA never had that in mind, so we can't either.  Where the SCPs are is where we are, and that's the end of that.

**Kentland:** Yeah, but if this goes loud, we'll have serious issues if a pedestrian gets capped.

**Parkinson:** That's what amnotics are for.

**Specialist McKenzie:** Coming up on the entrance.  Why's the damn perimeter so far away?

**Meyers:** A97 is more protective of its integrity than the others.  Remember, fingers off triggers.  If we're hostile to them, they'll be a lot more to us.  But the moment a single shot gets fired, we light 'em up.  Understood?

*[The entire squad nods their assent.]*

**Meyers:** Good.

**[FOOTAGE OMITTED FOR BREVITY]**

**Parkinson:** We're here.  If anyone wants out, this is your time.

*[Silence.]*

**Parkinson:** Then onward we go.  McKenzie, Langley, both of you get to that hill, hide in the grass.  If I say so, drop everything that moves.  Artillery, if I say the code, blow this place to hell.  Firebird, when you see shots, strafe them with the Miniguns.  There's a hole in the wall about 30 meters to the west, drilled about an hour ago.  They won't have had a chance to discover it.

*[The squad enters through the hole and enters the main facility.  There, they discover sales reports, incident logs, and other documents detailing SCP-6025.  Several facilities were designated for construction by the U.S. War Department, the OKW, STAVKA, and others.  In one case, a containment breach by a German facility in 1949 caused the deaths of nearly a hundred mercenary personnel, an incident that influenced MC&D to close the company two years later.]*

*[Specialist Gaunt enters a warehouse.  The warehouse is devoid of enemies, and he turns back to his detachment.  However, the door has closed and locked itself.  Gaunt turns around to see a C-instance charging towards him, and fires one shot before being terminated via bayonet to the carotid artery.]*

**Parkinson:** What the?  Gaunt, come in!  Come in!  Dammit.  Shots fired!  Shots fired!

*[An air raid siren sounds.]*

**Shotgunner Asher:** The jig is up!  MOVE!

*[The radio bleeps to indicate an incoming message, but when Parkinson answers, there is only static.]*

**Parkinson:** They've jammed our comms.  If anyone can hear me, we are regrouping at the armory!

*[As the largest detachment, containing Parkinson and Meyers, moves towards the armory of the facility, they encounter and terminate several C-instances.  Most are of British or American origin, but two are of Soviet and German origin.]*

**Parkinson:** Just for the record, that is a definite non-identity on the C-instances.  There should not be Germans and Soviets in a Scottish facility.

**Asher:** Hey, I found something!

**Parkinson:** Details.

**Asher:** Office, wooden door, labeled with 'Dr. Steven Peterson, PhD.' Should I open it?

**Parkinson:** That's the CEO's office.  Open it, but be on your toes.

*[Asher gasps as she opens the door.  Inside, the corpse of Dr. Peterson hangs from a ceiling beam.  He does not possess any signs of decomposition, even though his death was confirmed to have occurred in 1948.  On the desk is a paper note.]*

**Parkinson:** What do you see?

**Asher:** Peterson's in here, all right.  Hanged himself.  But it looks like he hasn't been dead for a minute.... There's a note on the desk.  Probably a suicide note.

**Parkinson:** Read it.

**Asher:** To all the damn fools in my employ, and the devils that employ me,

This is my formal resignation.  If anyone finds this, I am a psychificer, or in layman's terms, a paranormal engineer.  It's my job to design and build anything that shouldn't work under normal circumstances.  For instance, Glasgow United Armory.  For the longest time, I thought my inventions were being put to good use!  The Psychic Energizer, the Dimensional Drill, the Automan!  Now, the first is property of the Soviets and their super-soldiers, the second is used to siphon resources from five separate realities for MC&D's profit, and the Automan- well, if you're reading this, you'd have to know what the Automan is.

I created Glasgow United Armory from scratch in 1934.  To me the writing was on the wall; there was going to be another war.  I built this place thinking I could use my creative powers to assist the good guys and end the war.  I created these monstrosities of paranormal technology thinking they would save good men from having to go to the front.

But then I ran out of money.  Even with powers such as mine, you need materials.  So I started looking around.  Every investor gawked and laughed at me for daring to dream beyond their profiteering.  I eventually had to look in less reputable places.  When Marshall, Carter, and Dark found me, I was on the verge of bankruptcy.  All of my work would be for nothing.  So when I came to them with my sob story, I never thought that they would welcome me, take me in as one of theirs and tell me that 'You're just the thing we needed.' They boosted my pride when it never could have been lower, and in my gratitude, I was blinded to reality.

So, with billions of pounds at my disposal, I started expanding.  I built factories all over England, then Britain, then America.  We started making equipment for both countries, and I didn't care that they never actually used them.  I just assumed they didn't deem the public ready to see a tank that drives and mans itself, because that happens in my line of work.  Still, it was money in my pocket, and money to my investors.

When the war was over, I went to Germany to see if their new regime would be stable enough to allow my investment.  The tensions were growing with the Soviets, so they were likely to want it.  It was then that I discovered that Glasgow was already there.  As it turns out, MC&D had expanded GUA's influence into the Axis powers and the International without me even knowing.  The more I looked, the more factories appeared.  The men on top had gone behind my back and were going to pit my creations against each other like the war was just some blood-sport they couldn't get enough of.  To this day, I believe they never wanted the war to end.  They were just going to keep profiting until the world burned down and there was nothing left to buy with the money.

So, yes, Marshall, I am resigning.  Indeed, Carter, I did destroy that little kill-switch you thought was hidden from me.  And Dark, of course I would modify my creation so it no longer needed people to run.  You see, people are the problem here.  There were the people who rose such evil creatures masquerading as men to absolute power, and then those people exterminated all who were different, and then there were people who sought only to make a quick buck off of the suffering of others.  Hopefully, my creations can give us a fresh start, wipe the slate of the old world clean and let humanity learn its lesson.  You want the world to burn?  You provided me the kindling and the fuel, and with this, I light the match.

Forever yours in purgatory,

Steven

P.S.: I see humanity lasted longer than I thought.  You are the ones responsible, are you not?  S.C.P.  What a nice name.  Rolls off the tongue.  If I am the wildfire, then you are the firemen.  But firemen have scarce hope against the firestorm that is to come.  Tell me, why do you believe that this decayed, gangrenous place you call a civilization is worth saving?

**Asher:** What do I do?  It's talking to me directly.

**Parkinson:** Hand it over, I'll try writing on the back.

*[Parkinson writes the words, "BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT THE ONLY ONE." and hands it back to Asher.]*

**Asher:** Okay, looks good and- oh!  I blinked and it changed.  "P.P.S.: I see.  I was aware of this before, but you are talking of creatures which threaten to end the world entirely, rather than giving it the reset I desire.  You are not here for me specifically, I am just a matter of opportunity.

*[Parkinson writes, "YES.  OUR TECHNOLOGY IS THE ONLY THING SAVING US."]*

**Asher:** "P.P.P.S.: *[Asher mumbles that she is going to skip the post scripts from now on.]* Ah, so you see some reason.  But yet, this facility has a machine in the basement, built for that reason.  If you or I were to run one of your modern weapons through it, I could recreate it here, endlessly.  Then, we could both have what we wanted.  Your world would be safe, and you would live in the Garden of Eden once more, unworried by the stresses of modern life.

*["YOU LACK TECHNOLOGICAL CAPABILITY.  OUR WEAPONS ARE NOT ENOUGH.  YOU NEED US TO CONTINUE DEVELOPING THEM."]*

**Asher:** Never say never, George.  But you make a point.  While, at the moment, I lack research facilities, if I were to expand, I could certainly build them.  Though that would take some time, something I suspect would be in short supply if you were gone.  Very well.  I will refrain from annihilating every last one of your cities in nuclear fireballs, for the moment.  You can expect an ultimatum when I am ready.  In the meantime, my creations are ordered to allow you exit.  Run along now, before I get bored and cancel that.  Though, you never tried simply asking to speak with me...

**<End Log, 2300>**

**Closing Statement:** MTF Gamma-78 was evacuated from the premises.  It has been confirmed that SCP-6025 possesses sentience as a whole and in subdivisions.  SCP-6025 is never to be allowed to possess any captured equipment or research assets.  SCP-6025 appears to have lowered its production of incendiary and CBRN weapons drastically.

</details>

**Addendum A:** SCP-6025 has been reclassified to Keter following Incident B and the discovery of an exponential increase in the volume of equipment produced per year.  All requests for reclassification are to be denied until further notice by the O5 Council, due to a non-zero probability of SCP-6025 being the cause of a WXK-Class Global Conflict event.

**Addendum A1:** SCP-6025 was originally Containment Class Euclid, Disruption Class Keneq, and Risk Class Warning, for archival purposes.

**Addendum B:** Discovery of roaming SCP-6025-C instances acting in a special-forces capacity outside of containment has become cause for concern, especially due to their attraction towards airstrips, armories, power plants, and missile silos.  Groups of SCP-6025 instances discovered outside of containment are to be neutralized as soon as possible.

**Addendum C:** It has come to the attention of the Foundation that any aircraft carriers built by SCP-6025 are, in fact, instances of SCP-6025-A, capable of endlessly producing sailor-type C-instances and any carrier-capable E-instances.  Any carrier-type A-instances are to be terminated immediately due to difficulty of containment.

<< [SCP-6024](SCP-6024) | SCP-6025 | [SCP-6026](SCP-6026) >>
