**Item #:** SCP-6409

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6409 is to be contained in a modified containment chamber at [Site-43](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-43). The chamber has been expanded to accommodate a space for bowling, including: hardwood floor, lane with gutters, pinsetting machinery, and ball return mechanism. The chamber is equipped with one permanently installed Scranton Reality Anchor, which may be activated directly or remotely.

SCP-6409 is afforded these privileges based on compliance with containment measures. Containment Technicians may transfer any uncooperative instance(s) of SCP-6409 to auxiliary cells until its behaviour improves.

**Description:** The SCP-6409 designation refers to a collection of previously inanimate objects which demonstrate sapience and autonomous function. SCP-6409 was recovered from the premises of "King Al's Bowling Empire", a now-shuttered bowling venue. The majority of these objects display only a rudimentary level of sapient function, however several of the entities demonstrate distinct personalities and are capable of communication.

SCP-6409-A is a standard black ten-pin bowling ball, decorated with three curved blue lines. It achieves movement primarily by rolling on surfaces, sometimes aided by telekinetic ability. SCP-6409-A is capable of speaking audibly, by unknown means. All SCP-6409 objects will defer to SCP-6409-A with enthusiastic reverence as their leader; its interactions with Foundation staff are marked by egotistical statements and delusions of grandeur. Preliminary observations indicate that SCP-6409-A is the central source of SCP-6409 anomalous activity; other objects are neutralized in the presence of a Scranton Reality Anchor or when sufficiently separated from SCP-6409-A itself. 

SCP-6409-B is a size-10 pair of bowling shoes, made with red and yellow material and decorated by permanent marker with various designs (stars, skulls, lightning bolts, etc). SCP-6409-B uses telekinetic ability to move as though walking, and also employs its shoelaces to manipulate objects in its environment. SCP-6409-B is rambunctious, slightly crass, and displays poor impulse control. It has demonstrated that it is capable of swift and violent action under certain provocations. Furthermore, SCP-6409-B retains anomalous properties even when removed from the vicinity of SCP-6409-A.

SCP-6409-C is a white ten-pin bowling pin with multiple scratches and chipped paint on its surface. SCP-6409-C is more malleable than its wooden composition should allow; it can bend, stretch, compress and twist itself without damaging its body. SCP-6409-C has been described as reserved, typically remaining passive during interaction with Foundation staff unless directly addressed. In contrast to other SCP-6409 items, SCP-6409-C frequently isolates itself from the presence of SCP-6409-A (while still retaining active properties).

---

**Addendum 6409-1: Initial Discovery**

**History:** The Foundation was alerted to a potential anomaly occurring in Gaylord, Michigan. A small team of field agents were sent to investigate, and subsequently discovered SCP-6409.

 

<details>
<summary>ACCESS SCP:/6409/recovery-debrief</summary>

> **Interviewed:** Agent Harper

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Lengmyer

> 

> **Foreword:** Debrief Interview conducted following recovery and inventory of all associated SCP-6409 articles.

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Sorry for the delay. There's been a lot to sort out with all the sub-articles that the MTF brought in from that bowling alley.

> 

> **Agent Harper:** Yeah, I get it. But look, I should've been off duty about half an hour ago; so if you need this out loud for the record, then let's get it done.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Certainly. Just a quick verbal account of the case and you'll be free to take off.

> 

> **Agent Harper:** Fine. So once we arrived on-scene, or..?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** From the top, if you could.

> 

> **Agent Harper:** Alright then. Well, this call originated with a tip-off from one of our civvie informants, an operator in the █████ Security Co. - that's a local alarm monitoring service. Anyway, there'd been a string of odd false alarms from one of the properties they oversee - a business called "King Al's Bowling Empire". Been a while since they were open to customers, but the business owner never closed the account, so they still get routine signals from the building.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** What did the informant tell us about these signals?

> 

> **Agent Harper:** It was motion alarms from inside the building. No window breakages or even a door open signal at all, for weeks. But the motion sensors inside kept getting tripped at night. Apparently the owner never answered his phone, and any runner they sent found the building was closed and secure, so they chalked it up to false alarms and started ignoring them. But this all got kicked down to my team and we had to go take a look.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Leading to what happened tonight? Tell me about that.

> 

> **Agent Harper:** We had two units available for the call, so I had Linetti and Pascoe park about half a block away with a view of the building's rear far side; that way they'd see if anyone was slipping out the back doors or anything.

> 

> **Agent Harper:** Anyway, Carlos and I, we kept quiet and crept our way around to the front. It was muffled, but we could hear noise from inside; some movement, and voices - occasionally a burst of laughter. So we think 'sounds like maybe some teens trespassing', and decide we may as well go in and roust 'em out. Don't want any kinda vandalism or anything to keep going on.

> 

> **Agent Harper:** So we open the lock on the front door and make our way inside. Everything's gone quiet now, but Pascoe is sure nobody fled out the back; so these punks must have a spot to be hiding inside somewhere. So there we are - we've got our flashlights, we're being wary, and we're scoping out the main entrance area and behind the counters where the shoe racks are and all that.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** And you didn't see anyone?

> 

> **Agent Harper:** No, nobody was there. A few lanes down there's a, uhh.. restaurant? Or concessions? Like a snack bar, you know - pizza, nachos, beer on tap. Anyway, on top of that counter there we can see a whole bunch of bowling pins have been stood up in rows. Seemed a bit funny at first, like some kids had snuck in for a prank and taken all the pins they could find, set 'em up on all the counters and tables. Almost the kinda mischief I'd get up to at that age, heh...

> 

> **Agent Harper:** Well anyway, we weren't finding anyone there. Carlos even tried calling out, you know, "Just come out where we can see you. You aren't going to be in trouble" and all that. We might have been about to just call it quits, but then I hear a sound coming at me on the floor. I turned my light down and saw a bowling ball rolling toward me. The first weird thing I notice is that it's actually getting faster as it approaches me; still it's not all that fast, so I stepped aside and it cracked into the wall behind me. But now it starts rolling around some more and comes toward me again - and I'm definitely not down a slope or anything from it. So I pick the ball up.

> 

> **Agent Harper:** That's when I hear this voice - sounds like it's coming from the ball! It's shouting out "Guards! Guards! Help me! Help!" or some stuff like that. Next thing I know, Carlos is shouting too. Because suddenly there's all this banging ruckus from everywhere as all the bowling pins started clattering and hopping around! Things turned absolutely nuts in there.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** All the objects inside became active then?

> 

> **Agent Harper:** Sure seemed that way. We had to fall back at that point; got out the door and called for backup. Then, once the MTF with the portable SRA and the rest of the retrieval team showed up, they were able to collect and catalogue the anomalous objects.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Okay, I think that's all we need for now. Thanks for your time.

> 

> = **<END LOG>**

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Analysis of the building revealed that all the bowling equipment within contained minimal traces of EVE energy. All SCP-6409 objects were collected with minimal resistance.

</details>

---

**Addendum 6409-2: Interview 1**

<details>
<summary>ACCESS SCP:/6409/interview/001</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Lengmyer.  Incidental audio features Agent Polk 

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6409-A (King Ball), SCP-6409-B (Skidlers), SCP-6409-C (Beta Pin)

> 

> **Foreword:** Agent Polk (presently assigned to clerical duties at Site-43, as per a prior [suspension from fieldwork](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/junkers-trashcans-eleven)) was summoned to stand in as a dedicated Security asset for this interview.

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *All SCP-6409 instances are gathered together around SCP-6409-B.*

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** So the ten white knights all ride together in formation, when the big round black dragon suddenly appears; and... BLAM! He torches them all in one fiery blast!

> 

> *The SCP-6409 instances, with the exception of SCP-6409-C, begin to chant 'Strike! Strike! Strike!'*

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Haha! Yes, that one is my favorite.

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** This is stupid. All your stories are exactly the same: 'Here comes the big black bomber plane that sinks ten battleships with one torpedo!' Or 'Here comes the big black face that blows out all ten candles on the birthday cake!' Or 'Here comes the big black alien UFO that abducts ten disco dancers, for some reason!'

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** That is a shallow view to take on such rich cultural expressions.

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** Maybe we should talk about real problems we need to face up to.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Maybe you should *spare* us your whining, Beta!

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** Haw haw. When are you going to give that line a rest?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** As soon as you actually quit whining all the time; so probably never.

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Silence! Silence, my subjects. For there shall be no threat we need fear while under my rule.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Is this what we're here for; will you say something already?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Sometimes it helps to let the subject get the ball rolling.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Get the ball rolling? Oh that's good! I'll remember that one.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** We'll be here all night... Hey! Settle down and listen up!

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** I do not take orders from you! For you may have carried me from my realm and imprisoned me within your walls, but my bearing as sovereign will suffer no indignation!

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** This is just a friendly chat.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** If this is your idea of friendly, maybe don't do us any favors, huh?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** And certainly do not feign civility with me.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Just answer the Doctor's questions.

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Speak your piece if you must, but do not expect my surrender on any terms.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I don't- fine. Can you tell me how long it's been since you took over the bowling alley?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** I find that offensive!

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Pardon?

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** He doesn't like it being called a bowling alley.

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** "Alley" has such negative connotations; it does not adequately describe the majesty of my realm. You may call it a "Bowling Centre", or refer to it as "His Royal Lanes".

> 

> **Agent Polk:** (muttering) Royal pain in my-

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** And I most certainly did not just 'take it over', you lout! This empire was forged under my rulership.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Fine, fine. So, how did you pass the time in the bowling centre?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** We are in the midst of a grand festival. A tribute to the anniversary of my coronation!

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Three cheers for our courtly kahuna!

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** So you're celebrating-

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Hip hip...

> 

> *All SCP-6409 objects shout "Hooray!" in unison.*

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** ... that you've been around for-

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Hip hip...

> 

> *All SCP-6409 objects shout "Hooray!" in unison.*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Stop that.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Hip hip...

> 

> *All SCP-6409 objects shout "Hooray!" in unison.*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Shut up!

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** This is all it is. Just drunken revelry; every day, at any time. Won't it ever cease?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Hey now, Beta. You know you can always count on me to be your cheerful beerleader! Or your beerful cheerleader.

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** That's what I was afraid of.

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** It is a shame that we can not continue to hold our grand banquets here in these paltry accommodations. But it shall only be a matter of time before we rise again, like the mighty phoenix! This, my faithful followers, I swear on the throne.

> 

> *All SCP-6409 objects cheer.*

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Please. Let's stay on track with-

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Silence! I grow weary of this banal pursuit! The royal court has its own affairs to attend to, without the presence of interlopers.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** We can do that, SCP-6409-A, but not if you won't cooperate.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** SCP-6409? That's a slave name, brother!

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Outrageous!

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** Skid, don't wind him up like this...

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** I refuse to accept any more indignities!

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** The King does not abide!

> 

> *SCP-6409-A rolls away from Dr. Lengmyer and attempts to exit the chamber.*

> 

> *Agent Polk moves to corral SCP-6409-A back to its place.*

> 

> *SCP-6409-B throw itself to the floor, then rises to strike Agent Polk in the groin.*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Son of a-!

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I need backup in here! Somebody activate the SRA.

> 

> *Additional Security Officers are dispatched to respond. All elements of SCP-6409 are rendered inert by activation of Scranton Reality Anchor. The interview is terminated at this point.*

> 

> = **<END LOG>**

</details>

---

**Addendum 6409-3: Interview 2**

<details>
<summary>ACCESS SCP:/6409/interview/002</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Lengmyer

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6409-C (Beta Pin)

> 

> **Foreword:** SCP-6409-C was removed from the primary containment cell, and this interview conducted in an adjacent testing chamber.

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> = **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** SCP-6409-C, can you hear me?

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** I'm not deaf. What's with the weird questions?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I'm interested to learn more about… your condition. The other obje- erm… subjects seem to become inert when they aren't in the presence of your king. 

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** Not *my* king.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Oh? It seemed before that—

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** He's not — not anymore really. Our kingdom's fortune is faded, titles don't count for squat. I keep telling Ball this, but of course he and glorious subjects never listen. Well maybe except Skidlers.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Skidlers?

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** Yeah, he's a saving grace on that front… can't believe I actually said that. But he's still a pain in the ass, and he sure does love to kiss Ball's; practically worshipping the ground he rolls on.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I see. Would it be fair to say your time at the alley was unpleasant?

> 

> *SCP-6409-C pauses and sighs, arching their body backwards briefly.*

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** Yes and no.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Yes and no?

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:**: It's… it was fine. Actually, more than fine. Back then it was just the three of us. We… it wasn't that complicated we just did things for the hell of it. People liked what we did and came along for the ride. It was a great community, a great kingdom! I was glad to be a part of it… *I was*.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** …Then it fell apart?

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** I don't even know what happened, people just suddenly stop coming as usual. Our group got smaller and it seemed like were were the only ones that gave a damn. And it just got worse from there.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I think I understand, this relates to your friends, right?

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** Yeah… friends. I told you my gripes with Skidlers but Ball was something else? He was focused, the guy radiated confidence, he was a good king. Now? He sulks and throws outbursts all the time, he's more interested in the kingdom than the people -- it's exhausting… I just don't know what to do. They made the real decisions — I'm just a commoner… did they always see me like that?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** …Do you hate them?

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:**: I… I don't think so? I'm just tired of their shenanigans, I only want them to get their heads out of their asses, and smell the coffee for once. Is that too much to ask? And on top of that we're not going back to our kingdom anytime soon. Something they have trouble grasping.

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** And the funny thing is I missed that place more than the rest of them. Sure it was loud, cold and old but it was home. This place can't even compare! It's so quiet I can hear myself think for the first time, the heater is on all the time, and... it doesn't look like a dump...

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** SCP-6409-C?

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** You know, now that I think about it, this place ain't too half bad.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Okay...? One last question. Can you tell me about your earliest memories of the alley?

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** Well I… Wow, I don't really remember. It… kind of gives me a headache when I think of it.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** A headache? Does it feel serious or..?

> 

> **SCP-6409-C:** Nah, this ain't compared being around *royalty*. Well, now that I think about, I get headaches whenever I think about them. It's a miracle I haven't gotten an aneurysm. Hey, do you think I can get my own room for a while? I think I need a break from... you know.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I'll see what I can do. Thank you SCP-6409-C, we can try another time.

> 

> = **<END LOG>**

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-6409-C is being temporarily isolated from the rest of SCP-6409 in an auxiliary chamber at this time.

</details>

---

**Addendum 6409-5: Field Team Findings**

> **Update:** Operatives assigned to circumstantial investigations of SCP-6409's origins have had minimal success in uncovering background details.

> 

> The registered business owner, one Alvin Kingsley, had been on the verge of bankruptcy up until approximately 3 months ago when their financial accounts stabilized. Observation of both his home and business has yielded no sightings of the individual.

> 

> An ex-employee named Marisa Travis was the only associated lead who could be reached for questioning. Agents learned that she had been laid off approximately 5 months prior, leaving only two individuals still employed by the owner: Paul Farren, and Shaun Kilmore.

---

**Addendum 6409-5: Interview 3**

<details>
<summary>ACCESS SCP:/6409/interview/003</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Lengmyer

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6409-B (Skidlers)

> 

> **Foreword:** SCP-6409-B was removed from the primary containment cell, and this interview conducted in an adjacent testing chamber.

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> = **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** SCP-6409-B. Let's have a talk, just between the two of us.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Aww, are we taking our relationship to the next level, Doc? In that case, please, call me "Skidlers"!

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I will not.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Fine then, no hard feelings here. I'll even still call you by whatever your dumb name is, instead of the one King and I made up for you.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** ... What is it?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Oh, it's not something fit for the airwaves.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** We aren't doing a radio program here!

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Can't believe I got out of bed for this.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** How about you just answer my questions.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Well, get on with it then.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Tell me about your role in the so-called kingdom; you're the court jester?

> 

>  **SCP-6409-B:** A jester, an adviser, a bodyguard, the King's closest confidante; that's me, all in one!

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Why would he pick you for that?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** What, besides my deep intellect and charming wit?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Sure. Besides those things.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Hah! Pretending not to detect that shade of sarcasm, our handsome jokester replies: "Well doc, besides those things - who else could do it better? Obviously none of those little pinheads are fit for the job."

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Not even 6409-C?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Huh? Oh, little Beta. Haha, sure he's a good kid or whatever. But it is what it is; I guess he just didn't adapt right.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Adapt to what?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** What? Umm, I dunno... to life?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** 6409-B, please tell me what you meant by that.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Gee Doc, do you really have to keep up this 6409 crap? Like it's not just a bunch of bullshit that makes this conversation even more unbearable.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Alright then, how about I call you Shaun Kilmore?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Wh-what?! Er- I... Who's that?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Don't you recognize that name?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** No.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Have you considered that maybe we're smarter than you're giving us credit for? At least smart enough to put two and two together.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Okay, okay... What do you actually want then?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I want to know the truth behind this whole "kingdom" business. How did this happen? When did it start?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** I guess we've all been this way since about summertime? It's a bit hard to tell when we don't actually ever leave the building. But yeah, that would have been around when King was getting to the end of his rope.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I understand you have a personal history with them?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Since we're laying all the cards on the table now... Sure, we go back a while. What's it to you?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I'm just trying to find out any background details which may help in understanding this anomaly.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Alright. Well if you've been able to look up this much already, then you must know about the criminal record. And it wasn't anything bad - I just used to party a lot back in the day; I ended up in the wrong place at the wrong time, you understand?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** It's fine, that's not our concern here.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** So after that it got real hard to find a job. Employers don't care about the context or how long ago it was, to them you're just a crook forever. But King was willing to look past that. He gave me a chance by hiring me on at the bowling centre, and I proved I was a good worker. As time went on we kinda became friends too.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** So you were an employee there long before the events which transformed everything?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Yeah.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Tell me about that event. What happened? How?

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Now that, even I don't know. The way things were going, the business was going to have to sell out or close down, and King was really taking that hard. I know he was getting pretty desperate for anything at all that would let him keep what he had going... I guess he found it? Man, that's messed up.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** But you've been playing the part anyway.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** What else is there? You're the one who's so good at putting two's together, and you don't know anything about what this is.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** We are trying.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** I didn't see any chance of changing it on my own. So I just try to get by and make the best of things; at least we had the snack bar in there. Speaking of that, who's toes do I have to step on to get a beer in here?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I don't think so.

> 

> **SCP-6409-B:** Come on! Here I am, a victim of circumstance - I'm literally footwear! And I have to be treated like a prisoner for that?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** ... I'll see what can be done. I appreciate your cooperation today, Skidlers. Thank you.

> 

> = **<END LOG>**

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Dr. Lengmyer has submitted an application to afford SCP-6409 additional privileges based on positive behaviour. It is under review by Security and Research Departments' staff at this time.

</details>

---

**Addendum 6409-6: Interview 4**

<details>
<summary>ACCESS SCP:/6409/interview/004</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Lengmyer

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6409-A (King Ball)

> 

> **Foreword:** SCP-6409-A was removed from the primary containment cell, and this interview conducted in an adjacent testing chamber.

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> = **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** What's the meaning of this? Return me to the company of my retinue.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I think you will agree that this is a conversation best had in private.

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Well whatever it is, make haste. I don't have all day for empty banter with the likes of you.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Oh, but you do. We have the rest of today, and all of tomorrow, and as many further hours as I choose to schedule in this interview room. 

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Don't be a damned fool! The people depend on me, they will fall to ruin without my leadership.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I don't know about that. Nothing too terrible has happened since we've brought you all here, has it?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** My leadership is stellar. Even in this dark hour of our history, the breaking light of dawn is soon assured.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** You don't do anything! Well, except for talking a lot and bossing around your minions. But you haven't had to do any real kind of work since being placed in containment.

> 

> *SCP-6409-A is silent for a moment.*

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Go on, tell me. Tell me about your leadership and about everything you do for "your subjects".

> 

> *SCP-6409-A does not respond.*

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Fine, not here at Site. But what about before; back in the bowling alley?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** *(sniff)* Bowling centre.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** 6409-A..?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Nothing! There, I've said it. Are you happy now? I don't do anything for my subjects, I never did do anything for them. They don't need me.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Mr. Kingsley.

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** You must address me- oh, forget it.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I know this is difficult. But it's crucial that we learn as much as possible about this anomaly. Please, tell me about the timeframe before we arrived.

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Well, you know how things are these days. Businesses are struggling all over, there's not enough to go around, not everybody's going to make it... But I've owned that bowling centre for years! It grew and developed under my management, it became the biggest thing I had in my life.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** You just said it, things are hard all over. Declaring bankruptcy isn't as bad as you might think-

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** You don't understand. When this is how you define yourself... as a man. I could never just let all of that go. I didn't know what else... I didn't have anything else to turn to. 

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** You were really that attached to it all?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** I really love bowling. Do you know why?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Tell me.

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Everyone loves bowling! What I mean is, well, you could have little Jimmy's 10th birthday party at lane one; some college kids getting drunk and rolling a few frames on lane four; the seniors league regulars getting their time in on lane seven. Some say that baseball is the great American pastime, but I tell you it's bowling that truly brings every one of us together!

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I guess that's an interesting point.

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** How could something so great, with such universal appeal, how could that ever fail?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Let's discuss your employees. It is Shaun Kilmore and Paul Ferran in there as well, correct?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** It is. They were my best employees; hard workers, no complaints, real stand-up guys.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Was either of them a new arrival, maybe hired shortly before this transformation?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** I met Shaun ages ago. He was a young man going through some hard times, but I could see he just needed a second chance. My business was newer then, still just taking off, but I chose to take him on. One of the best decisions I ever made! He was a good lane technician, and before long he became a good friend too.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** What about Paul?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Young Paul? What a good kid! Came on for a summer job at first, but after graduation he was practically full-time. Saving up for college, y'know? Every other other one of those lazy scoundrels would slack off, or maybe just decide not to show up for work at all. But even with his schoolwork and studies in the picture, Paul was reliable for me.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Fine. So they may or may not be involved in th-

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** Of course they're involved! They're right here in this prison with me. Good guys, and loyal to the end; is this what they deserved for it?

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** I don't- uh, I couldn't say. But if there's anything that might stand out, that might be a clue to the cause for this or how it-

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** There were the times... with all of us together, closing up the lanes at the end of the evening. We might bowl a few frames, all have a beer or two - felt like the only time when the money situation didn't weigh on my mind. Those might have really been the most satisfying times of all...

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Is that relevant to-

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** And on those nights, I wished... I just wished so damn hard that it wouldn't all slip away.

> 

> **Dr. Lengmyer:** Are you listening to me?

> 

> **SCP-6409-A:** It just doesn't make sense. Why couldn't things have stayed the same as they were before? *Where did it all go wrong?*

> 

> = **<END LOG>**

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Subsequent Interviews have ultimately resulted in SCP-6409-A assuming a similarly despondent disposition, without revealing any further information. Site-43's resources for Research purposes will be directed elsewhere, barring any significant developments in the case of SCP-6409.

---

</details>

---

<< [SCP-6408](SCP-6408) | SCP-6409 | [SCP-6410](SCP-6410) >>
