**Item #:** SCP-6694

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** The Foundation Anomalous Space Telescope (FAST) is presently monitoring the activities of all known SCP-6694. As SCP-6694 are currently undetectable through non-anomalous means, no further containment procedures are required at this time. **(UPDATE: See Addendum)**

**Description:** SCP-6694 is a species of colossal spacefaring organisms, which have been identified in over 7,500 star systems within 12.5 kly of Earth. First discovered by the Foundation Anomalous Space Telescope (FAST)Launched in 1999, FAST utilizes techniques derived from study of [SCP-2154](SCP-2154) and SCP-████, allowing for detailed observation of distant stars in real time., mature instances of SCP-6694 vary between 35 and 50 km in length, making them the largest known components of the Orion-Perseus Ecological Supersystem (OPES)*The Living Universe: An SCP Foundation Journal* (pub. 2009, rev. 2018).

Due to their distance from Earth, much of SCP-6694's biology and biochemistry remains speculative. SCP-6694 are migratory, and capable of self-propulsion through unknown means, travelling at recorded speeds of up to 0.12 *c*. While isolated specimens have been observed, instances typically travel in pods consisting of fifteen to thirty members, and are capable of long-distance communication through the emission of electromagnetic radiation. SCP-6694 are omnivorous, subsisting primarily on astroplankton and magnetomites, as well as natural stellar gigaflora such as heliocoral and [Dyson trees](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dyson_tree). 

SCP-6694 are capable of sexual reproduction and have been observed to practice a complex mating ritual, which may take up to one terrestrial year to complete. After an indeterminate gestational period, female SCP-6694 will produce and expel an egg measuring up to 1.5 km in diameter. These are typically deposited within a distance of 0.5 to 3 AU of the nearest star, depending on surface temperature. While over 2,000 SCP-6694 eggs have been identified, fewer than 50 have been observed to hatch. In all cases, these eggs were deposited prior to FAST's development, suggesting that SCP-6694 eggs require an incubation period spanning no less than two decades. 

Currently, the nearest known SCP-6694 pod is located in the Epsilon Cygni planetary system, 72 ly away. Comparatively few SCP-6694 have been observed within 300 ly of Earth; this is presumably due to the Local Bubble's relatively low abundance of vacuum-based organismsHypothesized to have resulted from a supernova, believed to have taken place between ten and twenty million years ago.. However, paleofecal samples discovered in the outer solar systemThe largest of which, measuring approximately 200 meters in diameter, is presently situated in low orbit around Uranus. suggest that SCP-6694 may have been active in Earth's vicinity no later than 35 million years before present.

**Addendum:** On June 9, 2023, FAST detected a solitary instance of SCP-6694 (designated SCP-6694-CETUS) located in the inner Oort Cloud, approximately 0.8 lightyears from Earth. Despite its proximity, SCP-6694-CETUS had previously evaded Foundation detection due to the lack of a nearby light source. This specimen is currently travelling at a speed of 0.1 *c*, and subsequent observation has confirmed that its prominent dorsal crest is on display, indicating a heightened state of sexual arousal. 

It is believed that SCP-6694-CETUS may have intercepted radio emissions originating from Earth, and misinterpreted them as mating signals produced by members of its species. Should SCP-6694-CETUS maintain its current speed and trajectory, it will collide with Earth on 14 February, 2034, resulting an XK-class End of the World Scenario. As current orbital weapons platforms are insufficient in preventing a collision, the Foundation and the Global Occult Coalition have agreed to divert all non-essential funding towards PROJECT AHAB. 

This joint initiative calls for the construction of an automated spacecraft carrying one 50 megaton atomic warhead, which is currently scheduled for launch in December of 2028. PROJECT AHAB aims to intercept and neutralize SCP-6694-CETUS prior to its approach at a distance of no less than 50 million km from Earth. Due to the scarcity of information regarding SCP-6694's physiology, it is uncertain whether or not SCP-6694-CETUS is capable of surviving such an assault, although the detonation is expected to at least render it immobile. 

Despite the galaxy's confirmed prevalence of both planetary and vacuum-based life forms, FAST has discovered no evidence of actively broadcasting extraterrestrial civilizations; the Foundation's Department of Exobiology has hypothesized that SCP-6694 sexual activity may account for this absence.

---

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-leonerd-s-author-page More from this author...]

---

<< [SCP-6693](SCP-6693) | SCP-6694 | [SCP-6695](SCP-6695) >>
