**Item #:** SCP-6091

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation personnel are to be embedded in all major transport hubs going into and out of the Soviet Union and Warsaw Pact aligned political entities. Anyone affected by SCP-6091 is to be detained, questioned, and given amnestics corresponding to their time within the USSR.

Foundation agents working within the USSR are advised to use caution when staying within the Stalingrad Oblast  Update (1961): What is now the “Volgograd Oblast”, and acquire whatever information possible on SCP-6091.

Agents are warned that agents of GRU Division-P have similar orders to detain any SCP-6091 affected individuals, and thus, it is of high priority to remove any affected persons from Soviet-aligned states before symptoms begin manifestation.

**Description:** SCP-6091 is a phenomenon randomly affecting humans passing through the area of the Stalingrad Oblast See prior footnote within the Soviet Union. Symptoms of SCP-6091 include increased anxiety, burning sensation within the skull, and if left untreated, will escalate to full psychosis. When asked about the nature of their psychosis, patients have reported simply that “It’s watching me.”

While much about SCP-6091 is unknown, amnestic regimens have proven effective in curing its symptoms, provided they remove the memories surrounding when the afflicted individual was presumably infected.

Due to political complexities, additional information regarding SCP-6091 has been incredibly difficult to acquire. Its nature of transmission, geographic spread, and physical appearance, if it possesses any, are unknown.

However, statistical analysis of SCP-6091 affected persons has revealed that those affected all were within the Stalingrad Oblast at some point during their time in the Soviet Union. Anecdotal evidence of when symptoms first manifested suggests that SCP-6091 is in some way connected with historical battles fought in the area during World War II.

***UPDATE: Due to new information, current containment procedures are judged incomplete.***

***Edits Pending.***

In 1991, when the Soviet Union was disbanded, several members of the Soviet paranormal research and response agency (GRU Division P) defected to the Foundation, bringing a wide array of documents dating back decades and shedding light on previously unknown anomalies.

Research into SCP-6091 and the Volgograd Oblast revealed a file dating back to World War II, labelled simply as “Wrath”, enclosed below. Efforts to corroborate these accounts with the Global Occult Coalition are ongoing.

### ****Relevant Documentation 4/23/1942-5/15/1942****

****Report on Reconnaissance over Rezekne****

**Date:** 4/23/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 4 Yakolev Fighters | 2 Yakolev Fighters |
| 4 Pilots | 2 Pilots |
**Objective:** Reconnaissance on German positions to the north above the city of Rezekne.

**Outcome:** ##Red|Failure##

**Notes:** Air wing failed to penetrate German air defense screen. Luftwaffe presence unusually strong in area, as were German ground forces. Had to fall back or face destruction. Recommend additional operations to determine nature of military buildup on this portion of the front.

- *Col. Vasily Kunetzov*

****Report on Reconnaissance in Force over Rezekne****

**Date:** 4/25/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 12 Yakolev Fighters | 10 Yakolev Fighters |
| 12 Pilots | 9 Pilots |
**Objective:** Reconnaissance in force on German positions to the north over the city of Rezekne.

**Outcome:** ##Red|Failure##

**Notes:** Air Wing nearly destroyed by Luftwaffe forces. Luftwaffe presence far stronger than initially predicted. German ground forces confirmed to be in excess of other portions of the front. Recommend additional ground forces for potential German assault. Surviving pilots Lt. Romanova and Ivanov report visual distortions behind German lines, but could not get close enough to confirm its source.

- *Col. Vasily Kunetzov*

****Report on Bialysk Pocket Encirclement****

**Date:** 4/31/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 1,400 infantry | 1,200 infantry |
| 16 t-34’s | 12 t-34’s |
**Objective:** Slow German advance.

**Outcome:** ##Red|Failure##

**Notes:** German Panzer divisions encircled town within days, too quickly to reinforce them adequately. Recommend continuing withdrawal from sector to secondary defensive echelon. Encircled troops will continue to delay German advance from within the pocket.

- *Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

****Update on Bialysk Pocket Encirclement (5/1/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):** Germans have destroyed pocket of encircled troops in Bialysk with incredible speed, even for the Germans. Fighters sent to determine viability of air resupply turned back with heavy resistance. They repeat reports of intense visual distortions within the pockets.

****Report on Trebalynsk Pocket Encirclement****

**Date:** 5/7/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 6,500 infantry | 6,000 infantry |
| 35 T-34’s | 34 T-34’s |
| 30 artillery pieces | 30 artillery pieces |
**Objective:** Slow German advance.

**Outcome:** ##red|Failure##

**Notes:** We were expecting Bialysk to hold up the Germans for longer. Without its encirclement to divert their resources, they were able to capture Trebalynsk along with a sizable force. However, we are getting sporadic reports from the forces trapped within the pocket via radio, so we will at least be able to keep in contact with our trapped soldiers.

- *Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

****Update on Trebalynsk Pocket Encirclement (5/7/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):** The Trebalynsk pocket is reporting strange activity. The Germans aren’t trying to collapse their forces in on them. In fact, they are holding a defensive perimeter around the pocket. Almost like they are afraid of something. Which doesn’t make sense. They've surrounded our forces, why not start closing in? Updates pending.

****Update on Trebalynsk Pocket Encirclement (5/7/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):** Contact with the Trebalynsk pocket is becoming more and more intermittent. It does not appear to be technological issues on either side of transmission. Possibility of German jamming has been brought up.

****Update on Trebalynsk Pocket Encirclement (5/8/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):** Reconnaissance flights along edge of Luftwaffe area of control have reported exceptionally vivid visual distortions within the pocket. Said distortions may make future aerial reconnaissance unreliable.

****Update on Trebalynsk Pocket Encirclement (5/8/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):** We have lost contact with the Trebalynsk pocket.

****Report on Kamarov Pocket Encirclement****

**Date:** 5/12/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
|| 12,000 infantry || 11,500 infantry  3,700 (dead/wounded)

7,800 (trapped)  ||

| 24 T-34’s | 21 T-34’s |
| --- | --- |
| 80 artillery pieces | 80 artillery pieces |
**Objective:** Slow German advance.

**Outcome:** ##Red|Failure##

**Notes:** The Germans have struck again. Without the Trebalynsk pocket to delay them, they could press forward with their assault before we were ready. The Kamarov pocket is still in contact, and has assured us that they will fight to the last. However, we can’t count on our countrymen delaying the Germans, so our strategic retreat must be accelerated.  It is vital that we continue to fall back to the Volga.

- *Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

****Update on Kamarov pocket encirclement (5/12/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):** We are losing contact with the Kamarov pocket. The distortions are becoming so vivid, we can see them from the hills by our camp. Homes and roads leading one direction in Kamarov change the moment you look away. When we make contact with the pocket, the soldiers within confirm this is no hallucination or trick of the light, it is as if reality itself is being reshaped.

Worse still, even those terrible reports are getting more and more sporadic, as whatever this is continues to rapidly break down our radio communications.

Unfortunately, while I am loathe to go anywhere near that town, I suspect information is going to be the key to victory against this foe.

And the only Soviet soldiers who know anything about this weapon are dying in Kamarov.

I have spoken to Comrade Stalin himself about the situation on the ground, asking to lead a relief mission extract anyone who has encountered this German superweapon.

****Kamarov Pocket Relief Mission Report (5/14/1942)****

**Date:** 5/14/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
|| 18,000 infantry || 8,200 infantry  Original Document Footnote: 1,200 additional infantry from the Kamarov pocket died in process

  ||

| 54 T-34’s | 23 T-34’s |
| --- | --- |
**Objective:** Relieve Kamarov pocket in order to acquire firsthand information on German weapon

**Outcome:** ##Green|Success##

**Notes:** It cost thousands of my men, and the Germans almost encircled us in the process. As we retreated, the distortions got closer with every passing minute. I personally saw a T-34 driving on an open road, only to look away for a second as a shell threw dirt over us. When I looked back, the tank had slammed into a townhouse that we had passed a mile back. Eventually, we had to leave several hundred troops behind to delay it or we would have never gotten out. Their sacrifice will be honored.

In the end, we extracted only 500 men from an army of ten thousand.

I hope this was worth it.

- *Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

****Transcript of Private Petrov Debrief****

**Date:** 5/15/1942

**Interviewed:** Private Ivan Petrov, survivor of the Kamarov Encirclement

**Interviewer:** General Vladimir Kirov

**<Begin Log>**

**Pvt Petrov:** … Notes indicate that Petrov is sitting in a chair at a desk head in his hands, Kirov is sitting across from him. Additional physical movements are noted and added to the transcript. 

**Gen. Kirov:** Private. Private, can you hear me?

**Pvt. Petrov:** *slowly nods*

**Gen. Kirov:** Private Petrov, I want you to know, this is a matter of national security. The very Soviet Union’s existence might depend on you.

**Pvt. Petrov:** *nods*

**Gen. Kirov:** Look at me, soldier.

**Pvt. Petrov:** …I can’t, sir.

**Gen. Kirov:** What?

**Pvt. Petrov:** I…I can’t. I saw it.

**Gen. Kirov:** You saw it?

**Pvt. Petrov:** I *still* see it. Every time I open my eyes.

**Gen. Kirov:** ...

**Pvt. Petrov:** I already opened my eyes for too long. I kept my eyes open all the way here. If I open my eyes any more, I would see it again. And it will see me.

**Gen. Kirov:** …

**Pvt. Petrov:** …I am sorry sir.

**Gen. Kirov:** Private, you have nothing to be sorry for.

*Pause only interrupted by sniffling*

**Gen. Kirov:** Private. You are the only one who saw what this thing did, and lived to tell the tale. We *need* to stop this thing from hurting more people like you. Can you help us?

**Pvt. Petrov:** …yes.

<details>
<summary>Отчет о немецком оружии под кодовым названием </summary>

**Date:** 5/16/1942

**Attributes:**

* Generates field capable of disrupting radio communications

* Cannot be perceived by humans without extreme pain

* Rough dimensions comparable to Panzer 3 tank

* Generates beams of distortions that rearrange reality

* Reality distortions affect larger and larger structures the closer to the weapon

* Objects in motion appear to be unaffected by the weapon (Unconfirmed)

* Objects under direct observation appear to be unaffected by the weapon (Unconfirmed)

**Note:** This information, as well as past location data has been forwarded to Stalin as well as our allies in the United States and Great Britain.

*- Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

</details>

### ****Relevant Documentation 6/17/1942-7/10/1942****

****Correspondence between Colonel Vasily Kunetzov and General Vladimir Kirov****

*6/17/1942*

**From:** Colonel Vasily Kunetzov

**To:** General Vladimir Kirov

I was informed that you wished to be kept abreast of any “potential unusual German formations” around Stalingrad. As my pilots were the first to identify this German superweapon, I suspect I know exactly what you are looking for. The good news is, I found it. The better news is, it is here, at the outskirts of Stalingrad. The bad news is, it is here, at the outskirts of Stalingrad.

---

*6/17/1942*

**From:** General Vladimir Kirov

**To:** Colonel Vasily Kunetzov

Are you sure?

---

*6/17/1942*

**From:** Colonel Vasily Kunetzov

**To:** General Vladimir Kirov

I sent Lt. Romanova and Ivanov with full squadrons of escorts to confirm. They both agreed that the distortions on the ground were the same. If that wasn’t enough, half of their escorts fell out of the sky when distortions to the air around them caused them to stall. The other half don't exactly know why that happened, but will swear to a commissar about *what* happened. Apparently the Germans have finally figured out how to get their monster to aim skyward.

---

*6/17/1942*

**From:** General Vladimir Kirov

**To:** Colonel Vasily Kunetzov

If the Germans are using it that openly so close to the front, they are more confident about their weapon. Pull your planes away from that area, no point in wasting men pointlessly.

---

*6/17/1942*

**From:** Colonel Vasily Kunetzov

**To:** General Vladimir Kirov

Are you sure? We do not want to lose sight of this weapon.

---

*6/17/1942*

**From:** General Vladimir Kirov

**To:** Colonel Vasily Kunetzov

Do not worry. This is Stalingrad. We have people on the ground.

****Reconnaissance Operation Report****

**Date:** 6/25/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 10 scouting teams | 4 scouting teams |
| 7 sniper teams | 4 sniper teams |
**Objective:** Determine location of German weapon Codenamed “Wrath”

**Outcome:** ##Red|Failure##

**Notes:** Of the forces involved, all of the lost scouting teams can be accounted for, with those casualties due to conventional enemy action. Of the sniper teams, three were unsuccessful and returned safely, two were lost to conventional enemy action, and two are unaccounted for, presumed killed by the weapon.

*- Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

****Update on Reconnaissance Operation (6/25/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 10 scouting teams | 4 scouting teams |
| 7 sniper teams | 3 sniper teams |
****Transcript of Lieutenant Pavlichenko Debrief****

**Date:** 5/27/1942

**Interviewed:** Lieutenant Lyudmila Pavlichenko, Soviet Sniper, AKA "Lady Death".  As a female sniper of exceptional skill, Lt. Pavlichenko was a well-known figure in the non-anomalous media of the time. However, GRU Division P documents diverge significantly from her publicly known travels. It is believed that Lt. Pavlichenko's skills were requisitioned for anomalous missions, while a body double made public appearances in her stead to dissuade suspicion.

**Interviewer:** General Vladimir Kirov

**Foreword:** Interview conducted shortly after Pavlichenko returned from behind enemy lines.

**<Begin Log>**

**Gen. Kirov:** You’re late.

**Lt. Pavlichenko:** I’m alive.

**Gen. Kirov:** Which doesn’t mean much if you didn’t bring me any useful information.

**Lt. Pavlichenko:** I did. I saw the creature you are looking for.

**Gen. Kirov:** I find that hard to believe, the last man who saw it is a gibbering mess in a padded cell after he tried to claw his eyes out.

**Lt. Pavlichenko:**  Well, I saw something floating, spherical, the size of a tank, and when it spotted me, half the buildings on my street changed positions.

**Gen. Kirov:** …go on.

**Lt. Pavlichenko:** I had crawled for days through the rubble, nearly got caught by Germans multiple times. Kept getting lost because the streets and buildings kept changing position. I walked past the same fucking German checkpoint *three times*.

**Gen. Kirov:** Well you clearly found your way out.

**Lt. Pavlichenko:** One night, while I was looking at the stars, the street outside changed position twice while I wasn't looking.

**Gen. Kirov:** Your point, Lieutenant Pavlichenko. Now.

**Lt. Pavlichenko:** I told you, I was stargazing, and I realized that despite the building changing, *the stars didn't change position*.

**Gen. Kirov:** ...the environment was changing, but *you* weren't changing location.

**Lt. Pavlichenko:** да. Once I realized that, it was simply a matter of maintaining my bearings and ignoring the environment around me. Found the German camp fairly easily after that, and staked them out. Their security was terrible. Probably thought nobody could get through the distortions.  

**Gen. Kirov:** And?

**Lt. Pavlichenko:**  And one day, they brought something out. It was big. T-34 size at least, possibly larger. It was floating, and they had it covered with a cloth tarp.

**Gen. Kirov:** So that is how they’re transporting it without going mad...

**Lt. Pavlichenko:**  It is clever. If I didn’t know better, I’d have thought it was a large weather balloon. Only when I was close enough I could see something wriggling under the bag through my scope. Unfortunately, I…I think it noticed me.

**Gen. Kirov:** Noticed you?

**Lt. Pavlichenko:**  Well…something began pushing off the cloth, and the room I was in began to get physically smaller and smaller. It got to the point where I had to use my rifle to keep the walls from collapsing in on me, and even that barely slowed it.

**Gen. Kirov:** How did you survive?

**Lt. Pavlichenko:**  Ironically, the Germans. I think the distortions began affecting the rest of the camp too, so they thought the creature had gone rogue. The handlers had strange goggles, with glowing wires on them? They had no problem looking at the creature with its bag pulled off, and they began shooting at it. It let out some screech and began bleeding slightly through the bag before calming down, but by then the walls had expanded enough again that I could flee.

**Gen. Kirov:** …where were the exact coordinates of the camp.

**Lt. Pavlichenko:**  █████ █████, by the █████ █████

**Gen. Kirov:** Perfect, we can redirect our operations around it, and keep an eye on that sector, good job, Pavlichenko, you may have given us the keys to the end of this weapon.

**Lt. Pavlichenko:** Thank you sir. I hope the coordinates are useful.

**Gen. Kirov:** Lieutenant, you have told us *so* much more than that.

**Lt. Pavlichenko:** Sir?

**Gen. Kirov:** You told us it bleeds. If it bleeds, we can kill it.

**<End Log>**

****Diplomatic Missive from the US Office Of the President****

We’ve read about your little “Wrath” problem in the southern front. We have a little strategic initiative in the works that has been encountering our own...*anomalous*...problems when fighting the Nazis. We’re sending some gear, and one of our best men. Good luck, and godspeed.

- Franklin D. Roosevelt

****Assessment of Special Advisor Reynolds  (6/29/1942)****

Commander Reynolds’ expertise has been a boon to our efforts in fighting the Germans. I do not know where he acquired them, but the dozen goggles he brought with him are genuine. I had Lieutenant Pavilchenko look them over, and she confirms they are the same the Germans were using to stare at the creature without succumbing to madness. She was so certain, she offered to take them to the front and test them herself. Such assurances satisfy me, though how the Capitalists got these without even having a presence on the continent still makes me wonder  Relevant documentation provided by the GOC has revealed that the goggles were acquired from an Allied Occult Initiative raid on an Obskuracorps facility in Königsberg earlier in the year..

The issue I would raise is not with the materiel our allies have provided, it is with the manpower. Reynolds knows what he is doing, for sure. His Russian is passable, and his knowledge of esoterica and science is unparalleled. Already, he has told us more about our enemy than we have learned in months. Now we know which shadow branch of the Nazi Party is responsible for this weapon, the Obskuracorps.

However, Reynolds is almost *too* knowledgeable. He is brash, flashy, and above all...*American*. He is quite certain that he can solve this problem with simply the right implements, and magic. I hope he is right, but I am worried he is not. - *Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

****Update to Reynolds Assessment (6/30/1942)****

Commander Reynolds has requested the ability to lead a strike team to take on the creature in a stealth operation. I am currently leaning towards turning him down. This creature has destroyed small armies of men with bullets and bayonets, what can one mage do? He claims that precision strikes on German installations is how he does it in his operations, but this is the Red Army, not the Allied Occult Initiative. We operate on certainties, not hopes. - *Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

*Update to Reynolds Assessment (7/4/1942)*

Not hours after I rejected Reynolds’ proposal, he called his organization back in Britain. I do not know how he did so, but within days, he was shipped strange and fantastical weaponry. He has begun publicly testing the weaponry among those aware of Wrath, and openly discussing how he would kill it.

I think he is starting to sway people. And for all that I disagree with him, even I have to admit, a gun that shoots lightning is impressive. - *Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

****Air Battle Report: West Stalingrad (7/5/1942)****

**Date:** 7/5/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 21 Yakolev Fighters | 21 Yakolev Fighters |
| 21 Pilots | 20 Pilots |
**Objective:** Reconnaissance on German positions to the west

**Outcome:** ##Red|Failure##

*- Col. Vasily Kunetzov*

****Air Battle Report: West Stalingrad (7/6/1942)****

**Date:** 7/6/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 34 Yakolev Fighters | 34 Yakolev Fighters |
| 34 Pilots | 34 Pilots |
**Objective:** Reconnaissance on German positions to the west

**Outcome:** ##Red|Failure##

*- Col. Vasily Kunetzov*

****Air Battle Report: West Stalingrad (7/7/1942)****

**Date:** 7/7/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 6 Yakolev Fighters | 6 Yakolev Fighters |
| 6 Pilots | 6 Pilots |
**Objective:** Reconnaissance on German positions to the west

**Outcome:** ##Red|Failure##

*- Col. Vasily Kunetzov*

****Message to General Kirov (7/7/1942)]****

*7/7/1942*

**From:** Colonel Vasily Kunetzov (Red Air Force)

**To:** General Vladimir Kirov

The situation in the airspace over Stalingrad is rapidly becoming untenable. It's expanded its field of fire to almost the whole city. Do you know how hard it is to fly when the very air around you changes positions at a moment's notice? While you're being shot at by German flak and fighters?

I can’t keep Wrath a secret when it is annihilating entire squadrons. I can’t get anymore pilots into the air, even under threat of execution. They are saying there is an air defense system that makes it impossible to even approach the German lines. You need to do something, *now*. Before it gets out and spreads panic in the army. *- Col. Kunetzov*

****Update to Reynolds Assessment (7/8/1942)****

I asked Commander Reynolds for a private test of his weapon. After he explained the basics of what it did, how it worked, and what a “lightning elemental” was, I told him I would allow him to go on his mission.

I was going to ask him which men he wanted for his mission, but before I could finish, he had a list of volunteers whipped out and pushed in front of my face.

He is leaving tonight, through something called a “Way”, which none but those on the mission are allowed to see. All I know is that it is some method of getting into the German camp undetected.

The infiltration team looked quite intimidating, dressed in black, carrying massive weapons, and wearing half of those German goggles he delivered.

Truthfully, I hope Reynolds and his team succeed. But my gut, and thousands of dead soldiers don’t believe he will.

And in the event my gut is correct, I have sent Lieutenant Pavilchenko with her own pair of esoteric German goggles to monitor the situation. *- Gen. Kirov*

****Operation "David"(7/8/1942)****

**Date:** 7/8/1942

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 1 American Commander | *[TBD]* |
| 4 Infantrymen | *[TBD]* |
**Objective:** Infiltrate enemy lines. Find and destroy the German weapon Codenamed “Wrath”

**Outcome:** *[TBD]*

**Notes:** *[TBD]*

*- Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

****Update on Operation "David"(7/8/1942)****

****Edit (Gen. Kirov):****

**Notes:** At 2:04 AM, three hours after Reynolds and his team were deployed, there was a crack, like thunder, across Stalingrad. I do not think a man in the city didn’t notice it. And if they didn't, they definitely noticed the ripples of distortions following behind it. I was sitting at my desk when the first tremor hit, and when I blinked, my tent was suddenly facing the opposite direction.

After that point, there was gunfire from behind the German lines.

More cracks echoed across the city, echoed by distortions. But the cracks were decreasing in frequency, until finally, lightning arced from the German lines into the sky, and all was silent.

If I didn’t know better, I would say I saw a sneering, angry face in that lightning.

****Update on Operation "David"(7/10/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Note:** On 7/10/1942, Lt. Pavilchenko returned from her mission behind enemy lines, and is being debriefed concerning the fate of Commander Reynolds and his team.

****Update on Operation "David"(7/10/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 1 American Commander | 1 American Commander |
| 4 Infantrymen | 4 Infantrymen |
**Objective:** Infiltrate enemy lines. Find and destroy the German weapon Codenamed “Wrath”

**Outcome:** ##Red|Failure##

Diplomatic Missive from Red Army to the US Office of the President

We regret to inform your government that your advisor, Commander John Reynolds, has died in the line of duty attempting to eliminate the German weapon codenamed “Wrath”. We also regret to inform you that “Wrath” is still fully operational. Rest assured, we will not stop until it is destroyed.

*- General Vladimir Kirov*

Diplomatic Missive from the US Office Of the President

We are sorry about Reynolds. His family has been notified. He was a good man, and he will be missed. But we have some information that might interest you. We don’t think Commander Reynolds was quite as ineffective as you believe...

- Franklin D. Roosevelt

<details>
<summary>Предложение операции </summary>

**Date:** *[TBD]*

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 60,000 infantry | *[TBD]* |
| 80 T-34’s | *[TBD]* |
| 2,000 artillery pieces | *[TBD]* |
**Objective:** Destroy the German weapon Codenamed “Wrath”

**Outcome:** *[TBD]*

**Notes:** I do not know how our allies have done it, but they’ve pinpointed the new location of the German superweapon. Documentation acquired from US archives revealed that this information was acquired via ULTRA intercepts (allied decryption of German radio traffic). Said documentation has been removed from US archives, and is now in joint Foundation/GOC custody.  They positioned it on their northern flank, reinforcing their Romanian divisions. The Americans think that Commander Reynolds injured the thing, and it is recovering on what they think is a relatively quiet portion of the front.

This is our chance to catch the weapon without its protectors in the German army. Operation Uranus is already going to strike the Romanians, I just need men specifically allocated to tackle this issue.

And I do not need to state that if we do not destroy Wrath, it could impede our collective efforts to rout the Germans and regain the offensive.

*- Gen. Vladimir Kirov*

</details>

### ****Relevant Documentation 11/01/1942-11/21/1942****

****Correspondence between Joseph Stalin and General Vladimir Kirov****

*11/01/1942*

**From:** Joseph Stalin

**To:** General Vladimir Kirov

This is a lot of men to divert to you, Vladimir. Tell me you have a plan.

---

*11/01/1942*

**From:** General Kirov

**To:** Joseph Stalin

The men are to wedge open the Romanian lines, and draw the creature out. Once it is occupied killing them, the artillery will flatten the creature, and everything else within a mile of the area. The arc of the shells over the horizon and the distance ought to stop its distortions from hitting our artillery in return.

---

*11/01/1942*

**From:** Joseph Stalin

**To:** General Vladimir Kirov

And how will you make sure that the creature is in the right position?

---

*11/01/1942*

**From:** General Kirov

**To:** Joseph Stalin

When we lose radio contact with our squads, we will fire on their positions.

---

*11/01/1942*

**From:** Joseph Stalin

**To:** General Vladimir Kirov

Even if you hit the creature, you will likely bombard our own men as well.

---

*11/01/1942*

**From:** General Kirov

**To:** Joseph Stalin

That is correct.

---

*11/01/1942*

**From:** Joseph Stalin

**To:** General Vladimir Kirov

...Acceptable. Proceed.

****Operation “Kronos”****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Date:** *11/19/1942*

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 80,000 infantry | *[TBD]* |
| 90 T-34’s | *[TBD]* |
| 2,500 artillery pieces | *[TBD]* |
**Objective:** Destroy the German weapon Codenamed “Wrath”

**Outcome:** *[TBD]*

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/19/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Forward Romanian lines broken. Tactical and strategic surprise achieved. Conventional forces routed.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/19/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Date:** *11/19/1942*

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 80,000 infantry | 1,500 infantry |
| 90 T-34’s | 2 T-34’s |
| 2,500 artillery pieces | *[TBD]* |
****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/19/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Losing contact with most forward units. Artillery barrage pending.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/19/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Date:** *11/19/1942*

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 80,000 infantry | 4,500 infantry |
| 90 T-34’s | 17 T-34’s |
| 2,500 artillery pieces | *[TBD]* |
****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/19/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Artillery Barrage miscalculated. Wrath is aware of our presence, and unharmed. Engaging.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/19/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Artillery Commander ██████████ has been executed by his commissar. Reason: Gross incompetence

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/19/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Date:** *11/19/1942*

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 80,000 infantry | 20,000 infantry |
| 90 T-34’s | 30 T-34’s |
| 2,500 artillery pieces | *[TBD]* |
****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/19/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Wrath has fallen back to the town of ██████████. Pursuing.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/19/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Date:** *11/19/1942*

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 80,000 infantry | 33,000 infantry |
| 90 T-34’s | 35 T-34’s |
| 2,500 artillery pieces | *[TBD]* |
****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Wrath is using buildings within town of ██████████ to increase lethality of distortions. Local commanders have pulled back from town proper, and used cover of darkness to encircle ██████████.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Date:** *11/20/1942*

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 80,000 infantry | 35,000 infantry |
| 90 T-34’s | 40 T-34’s |
| 2,500 artillery pieces | *[TBD]* |
****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Artillery is being positioned around ██████████. Systematic barrage of town being planned.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Artillery barrage commencing.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Distortions in ██████████ becoming visibly more erratic. Buildings are likely being used as rudimentary armor. Artillery pieces moved closer to ensure additional accuracy and lethality.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Forward elements with sightlines on Wrath's area of effect recommend that if we survive this, town of ██████████ ought to be levelled and burned.  

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** We were wrong.

Distortions used as cover.

Wrath is coming for us.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** It is going for the artillery.  

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Date:** *11/20/1942*

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 80,000 infantry | 50,000 infantry |
| 90 T-34’s | 55 T-34’s |
| 2,500 artillery pieces | 800 artillery pieces |
****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Plan is changed. Forward artillery positions have been fortified to slow Wrath. When they are engaged, rear artillery positions ordered to fire on forward artillery positions.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/20/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Date:** *11/20/1942*

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 80,000 infantry | 60,000 infantry |
| 90 T-34’s | 80 T-34’s |
| 2,500 artillery pieces | 1000 artillery pieces |
****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/21/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Distortions have subsided. Infantry elements and remaining T-34's are to sweep forward artillery positions for confirmation.  

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/21/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** Forward Infantry Elements are permitted to evacuate soldiers and civilians of ██████████ deemed savable. For those  not, Forward Infantry Elements have been informed that all deaths within the town of ██████████ will listed as casualties of Wrath, regardless of forensic evidence to the contrary.

****Update on Operation “Kronos” (11/21/1942)****

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Notes:** We found Wrath.

<details>
<summary>Актуальная информация об операции </summary>

**Edit (Gen. Kirov):**

**Date:** *11/19/1942-11/21/1942*

| Allocated Forces | Casualties |
| --- | --- |
| 80,000 infantry | 67,000 infantry |
| 90 T-34’s | 83 T-34’s |
| 2,500 artillery pieces | 1,200 artillery pieces |
**Objective:** Destroy the German weapon Codenamed “Wrath”

**Outcome:** ##Green|Success##

</details>

For almost 40 years, GRU Division P covered up discoveries of SCP-6091, but when the Soviet Union fell, it fell to the GOC and the Foundation to do so.

With the documents provided by the Foundation, and Obskuracorps technology confiscated by the Allied Occult Initiative (the predecessor to the GOC), the effects of viewing SCP-6091 can now be adequately neutralized with amnestics and memetic treatments.

Every year, between 5 and 10 fragments of SCP-6091 are discovered by civilian archaeologists, tourists, or construction workers travelling in the area surrounding its neutralization.

All fragments are to be transferred to a joint GOC-Foundation site holding other Obskuracorps artifacts.

***Update to Special Containment procedures***

**Special Containment Procedures:** Undercover Foundation personnel assigned to major historical societies and academic institutions are to downplay, discredit, or delete all references to SCP-6091 in modern World War II literature.

Additionally, agents from the Foundation and the Global Occult Coalition are to embed themselves in Russian excavation efforts around the Battle of Stalingrad, amnestitizing any civilians who come into contact with SCP-6091. Upon discovery, specialized units are to use level 2 memetic protective equipment to extract remnants of SCP-6091 to a containment site.

While the effects of SCP-6091 are easily mitigated with modern amnestic treatment, the sheer dispersal of SCP-6091 fragments means that containment efforts will likely be necessary for decades to come.  It is likely that the last person infected by  SCP-6091 hasn't been born yet. 

<details>
<summary>     </summary>

**To:** Dr. Jeremy Filia (Site 12)

**From:** Dr. Kore Benjamin (Site 17)

**Subject:** SCP-6091

---

Hey, Jeremy. Remember last week when you were wondering why the GOC has been so chummy and open on SCP-6091?

I think I figured it out.

They have a problem. Or more accurately, *we* have a problem.

I was working with some GOC researchers, and I overheard them talking about "The German Tank Problem".

That phrase rang a bell, so I did some googling. Turns out, "The German Tank Problem" is a type of statistics problem. During World War II, the Allies needed to figure out how many tanks the Nazis had, based solely off of the remains of the blown up tanks they'd destroyed. So they grabbed a bunch of eggheads from University math departments, gave them the serial numbers off blown up tanks, and had them work some statistical magic to figure out what the total number of tanks there were in the Nazi army.

Here's the thing. I think the GOC researchers were talking about The German Tank Problem because *that's* what the GOC's been trying to do with these SCP-6091 fragments, and why they've been so open.

They wanted to know how much of SCP-6091 is in our vaults, and compare it with their own to see how many more fragments are left in that forest. And the best way to get our numbers is to be nice and transparent about theirs.

Which is where we get that problem I mentioned.

I ran the numbers. Even making *generous* assumptions about SCP-6091, when counting the bits and pieces the Coalition has in custody, the pieces we have in custody, and the pieces we assume are still somewhere in that forest, we're still missing about **30%** of SCP-6091's biomass.

Best case scenario, there's still hunks of Elder God strewn over a Russian forest somewhere and we'll find it when some tourists walk into it.

Most likely scenario, the Soviets buried those pieces in a vault somewhere, and the Russians are keeping its location a secret.

But, worst case scenario?

It got up and walked away.

</details>

<< [SCP-6090](SCP-6090) | SCP-6091 | [SCP-6092](SCP-6092) >>
