.scp-image-block  {

    margin-right: -1px !important;

}

[!~~ http://scpfoundation.net/sandbox:s7-apcs-guide ~~]

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6122 is contained at [Site-43](secure-facility-dossier-site-43)'s vehicle containment bay. SCP-6122's locomotive and railroad cars are to be disconnected from each other and are not allowed to be operated until further notice.

**Description:** SCP-6122 is a GE C18-7i diesel train, originally constructed for use by the State Railways Administration of Uruguay, before being acquired by the Protean Mining Company for use throughout Wyoming, United States; following the company's liquidation, SCP-6122 was acquired by the Foundation in 2003.

SCP-6122's main anomalous property becomes apparent when it is operated. While moving under its own power, SCP-6122 will absorb any matter that comes into contact with its exterior and that of all cars connected to it, excluding the surface of their wheels, using it to generate new railcars (SCP-6122-1) anywhere between itself and the last railcar attached to it. Because of this ability, it is impossible to harm the object in this state. Objects and individuals already present in SCP-6122 prior to the activation of its anomalous properties will be immune to this effect unless they are removed from the anomaly. 

The interiors of SCP-6122-1 exhibit severe distortions in spacetime, ranging from abnormal geometry to incorporating aspects from different realities entirely. There is no exact pattern to the makeup of SCP-6122-1, but it is known that there is a correlation between the type of matter absorbed and the length of time it is operated. Upon deactivation of SCP-6122, all SCP-6122-1 instances will rapidly demanifest.

**Addendum-01, Manifestation of Properties:** SCP-6122 gained its anomalous properties while transporting numerous anomalous objects to Site-19 on 07/29/2018, shortly after being impacted by heavy winds; footage captured by SCP-6122’s internal security system and Agent Rodney’s body camera recorded the incident.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6122/incident1/Rodney/Lieson </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **[Camera: Locomotive]**

> 

> *[Conductor Ray Pendleton is in his seat, occasionally checking maps and observing the window. Engineer Harrison Lieson is leaning against the wall, playing games on his phone as he sips from his coffee cup. Conductor Pendleton's attempts to focus fails. Conductor Pendleton slams his clipboard on his lap.]*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** Lieson, for god sake. Really?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** What? I'm just taking my break.

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** You've been taking your 'break' ever since we left the station! Don't you have some machine to attend to? You're driving me up the wall with all the noise you're making!

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Said the guy who's shouting.

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *Lieson--*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Ray, chill. You and I have been on this route so many times it's been ingrained in our skulls. I don't know why you're making such a big deal out of it.

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** I do other routes, a lot more than you as a matter of fact.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** That's very interesting, and that's somehow important to the conversation because...?

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *Because*, unlike you, I actually take my job seriously. We're not carrying milk, Harry. It's important resources and dangerous anomalies. I know this, you know this, and you know that I know this. The fact that you're just milling about--

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Ray. We mostly carry food and ammo. That's not hard to come by. And dangerous anomalies? They just dump the stuff that's not even worth a number and gets thrown away in a vault without a second thought. What's the most dangerous containment breach we had? Oh, that's right! A Lego brick that kept teleporting under our feet. Yep, very dangerous! Good thing shoes are a thing or we'd be goners, huh? 

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** Granted, but it still counted as a containment breach. We can't take our position here for granted. We are the lifeblood here, Harry. Without us, the Sites wouldn't survive.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** The hell they wouldn't. Face it, Ray. This is a dead end job. Nothing happens here, it's just moving to one place to the next. The only real danger here is dying of boredom. If Neutralized Duty wasn't a thing I'm willing to bet the Foundation would send those jackasses here to teach them a lesson. 

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** If that's how you want to look at it. With an attitude like that, it's a wonder you haven't quit yet.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Yeah... it's an anomaly in itself.

> 

> *[Before Conductor Pendleton could respond, Agent Rodney enters the room. He is carrying several water bottles in his arms. Conductor Pendleton is relieved of his presence while Engineer Lieson becomes immensely confused.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Hey sir, I got the water like you asked. Do you need anything else?

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** Thank you, Rodney. Just put those right over there--

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Wait, wait. Hold up, hold up. Who is this kid and why is he calling you sir? *Ray*?

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *(Whisper)* Of course. Lieson, meet Agent Rodney. Rodney, meet Harry Lieson. Agent Rodney is here to... see if he can’t learn a thing or two as we make our runs. Had you saw the email an hour before we disembarked you *would've* known.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Yeah, it was a surprise assignment. Real easy stuff. I never gotten to ride a train in person but... erm...  I guess there's a first to everything, right? Anyways, it's to meet you. 

> 

> *[Agent Rodney extends his arm towards Engineer Lieson for a handshake. Engineer Lieson raises an eyebrow and remains still. Agent Rodney bites his lips and retracts his hand. Conductor Pendleton's radio activates.]*

> 

> **Morrack:** *Hey, Pendleton. It's Heather. We need some assistance here.*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** I'm here. What's the issue?

> 

> **Morrack:** *I need help moving something and it's too heavy. Can you send the new guy to help? I'm at the caboose.*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** Sure thing, I'll let him know.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Well, that's my cue. I'll be on my way.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Yeah, try not to hit your head on the way out.

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *Harry.* Actually, you know what? Harry, why don't you help Rodney with his duties. 

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** What? Ray, you can't be serious. I'm suppose to be here at the front and it's the new guy's job. Why--

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** 'Cause like I said, Rodney's gonna need experience, you have a lot of experience, and I don't need you here at the moment. Besides, it's about time your *break* ended anyway.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Ray, I'm not a babysitter.

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** Harry, just do it. Do you really want me to make a complaint?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** ... *(Sigh)* Fine. Come on, kid. We got to do *your* work.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Okay?

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson and Agent Rodney exit the room, with the former slightly limping. Conductor Pendleton shakes his head before excessively rolling his eyes.]*

> ~~-~~

> **[Camera: Caboose]**

> 

> *[The caboose consists of two adjoining rooms. Engineer Lieson and Agent Rodney enter; Heather Morrack is in the back room, pushing against an arcade cabinet. She is under strain.*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Heather?

> 

> **Morrack:** Help! It's heavy.

> 

> *[Both personnel rush to Morrack and help her stand the cabinet upright on a pallet. The arcade cabinet is colored green and depicts the image of a snake on its coin door. The words "**SPITTER® by TotleighSoft"** are written on the marquee.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Damn... didn't expect it to be that heavy. Heather, what happened? I thought it was strapped down?

> 

> **Morrack:** The straps broke. Thank god I caught it in time. I need to get more tie-downs... can you two stay here until I come back? Don't want it to fall again.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Fine.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Yeah, we'll keep an eye on it.

> 

> **Morrack:** Thanks. 

> 

> *[Morrack leaves. Agent Rodney enters the other room, he moves to physically inspect the cargo. Engineer Lieson scowls in disapproval.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Kid. What the hell are you doing?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Um... s-sorry sir. I was just looking at the... stuff here. Didn't think this train was that packed--

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Keep your hands to yourself. I don't want Heather to yell her top... what?

> 

> *[The caboose begins to move from side to side. Several of the crates and boxes fall over. A loud crash and the sound of breaking glass is heard from the back. Engineer Lieson grabs onto a pole and cringes in pain when his knee slams into it. He looks to Agent Rodney.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** The hell you're waiting for?! Grab onto something!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Alright, alright!

> 

> *[Agent Rodney grabs onto on the one of the shelves. Upon doing so, he accidently knocks over a small gray box. The box opens and a pile of package peanuts spills over. A plethora of coins spill out, begin to stand on their rim and spin, producing sparkles of light.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** KID!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Sorry! I didn't see it. I--

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Just wait for it to pass!

> 

> *[After several moments, the caboose ceases moving. A significant portion of the crates have fallen over.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Goddammit! Now it's all spilled--hate when this fucking happens. *[Engineer Lieson reaches for the coins.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Wait! What are you doing? It's an anomaly, there's no telling--

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Kid. *Stop.* The anomalies we carry are safe and I know this one. They got it from a street performer I think. All they do is just spin around and look pretty, like you... don't just stand there! Help me!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Okay, okay! I will sir! I will. 

> 

> *[Agent Rodney assists Engineer Lieson in putting the coins back into their box. The two of them then move to fix the other crates.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** And stop with this damn 'sir' business, just call me Harry. What is this, your first day?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Um... yes si--Harry, that is correct.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** I told you... you're serious?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I mean... I did other stuff before but this is kind of my first major assignment... sorry for the box, the whole shaking took me off guard and well... um...

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Don't worry about it. No harm done, thank god. This train is kind of a piece of shit you see. It's always breaking down and in need of repairs. The track doesn't help us much either. Still, that shake up was pretty bad... 

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Yeah, it sure was. *[Agent Rodney stands up another crate.]* Is that normal?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Not really. We get turbulence but not this bad. It didn't sound like it came from the tracks... eh, we'll worry about that later. You said this was your first day?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** My official one, yeah. It's quite awesome if I do say so myself.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Awesome?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Yeah. Why wouldn't it be? I was always a fan with the supernatural. Of course, I didn't think it was actually real though. It's so cool and I'm working real hard to climb the ladder. It's exciting really, I keep thinking I'll get to meet ghosts or werewolves or whatever. I personally hope zombies exist. Those were always my favorite--

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** I'm going to have to stop you right there. You're not going to get far if you keep up that attitude.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Attitude? What attitude?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** This fanboy phase you have. I'd seen your type before. All these new people... they believe just because they got chosen they're hot shit or think the facilities are glorified pet zoos, only for them to get their teeth kicked in. If they don't die or get horribly maimed, they crack under pressure and get shown the door because they're in La La Land. The Foundation has strict expectations, and if you don't meet that, you're going to be in trouble.

> 

>  **Agent Rodney:** Alright. So I'll improve and get better and stop fanboying. I'll do just that--

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Then start acting like it. Don't shift from casual to formal in the same conversation, be more aware of your surroundings, and keep your head out of the clouds. It wasn't a coincidence they put you here with us. Consider this your first real test. Sure this job will be easy, but they're gonna keep testing you, they're gonna make things harder. If you can't take the heat they will throw you out of the kitchen and you can forget about getting a gold star. So shape up while you still can. Trust me, don't *waste* it.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Sir--... I understand, Harry. Thanks for the advice.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Good. Now I'm going to get some coffee. So just stay put... woah! What?!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What is it? Are you hurt?... oh my god.

> 

> *[The entrance of the caboose leads into a SCP-6122-1 instance; the interior has been flipped from top to bottom. All loose objects and ceiling lights maintain their gravity towards the floor. Engineer Lieson grabs his radio.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...I'm pretty sure it wasn't like that before.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Heather! Something weird is going on with the train. Can you hear me?... I repeat! Heather can you hear me?... She's not responding, shit! Ray! You there?! Ray!

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *Harry? What's wrong? Did something happen?*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Ray, the room ahead of me is flipped upside down! Something is definitely wrong here. We need stop. Now.

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *What?! O-Okay just... it's--it's not working?!*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What's not working?

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *The train won't respond to my attempts to stop it! I can't change the speed either!*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** What do we do now?!

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *I-I don't know! Just--I need to make some calls! Just stay put until I figure this out!*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Well... this certainly got interesting.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** We can't stay put! There's no telling what can happen!

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Kid, we're stuck. We don't got much choice.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** We're in the caboose right? Which means the other door here will lead to the outside. We have to check it out.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney opens the opposite door. He is greeted by a sewer tunnel. Most of the tunnel is obscured by a purple gas; breathing is faintly heard. Agent Rodney silently nods. He slowly closes the door and locks it. He sits down on a nearby crate.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...I'll just wait.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

The Department of Logistics was alerted by Conductor Pendleton, who requested immediate assistance. As the crew were unable to stop or leave SCP-6122, Foundation personnel were deployed via helicopter to halt the object; the responding personnel were absorbed upon landing on the roof of the train, causing another SCP-6122-1 instance to manifest. After confirming anomalous phenomena was present in SCP-6122, the Department of Logistics were notified and containment protocols were activated.

**Addendum-02, Escalation:** SCP-6122 continued to manifest SCP-6122-1 instances, and was rapidly approaching urban population centers and areas of heavy train activity. With the prospect of an imminent, massive containment breach, the Foundation assisted Conductor Pendleton in coordinating which tracks to navigate SCP-6122 through, and impeded civilian locomotive traffic. Conductor Pendleton and his team were granted permission to assist in the ongoing containment operation of the object if possible; more than half of the crew volunteered.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6122/incident2/Rodney/Lieson </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **[Camera: Caboose]**

> 

> *[Agent Rodney and Engineer Lieson are sitting in the main area of the caboose. Agent Rodney is slowly taking his time to consume a coffee cup while Engineer Lieson is furiously tapping his knee.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** So... how was your day?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** ...Really? 

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What? I'm trying to make conversation. Have... fun I suppose?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** How can I have fun while this supernatural cookie cutter bullshit is happening next door? Are you high?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Okay... well... at least we're fine. Despite everything... um... well at least you can't really say that it's not exactly boring. Terrifying, but not boring. Sure this whole thing came out of left field but it could always be worse. The train could go into outer space, our heads could explode —

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Kid. You jinx us and I will personally kill you.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Look, what is even going on here? The train was fine a minute ago! How does that even happen? Things can't just become anomalous for no reason.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Actually, it can.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Seriously?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Happens a lot more than you think.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** That doesn't make any sense.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** That's why they're called 'anomalies' for a reason.

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *Harry! Are you and everyone else doing okay?*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Rodney and I are alright. Still haven't heard from Heather yet.

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *I just got off the phone with command; the train seems to be making new boxcars by absorbing everything it touches.*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Matter absorption? Wouldn't it have sucked us in by now?

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *No idea why it isn’t affecting us or the rails, but either way, they can’t stop it, so we have to. They want all available personnel to assist, including those already present.*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Already present? You mean us?!

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *I said all personnel, Harry. I'm doing my part, and they want you to do yours as well.*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** And how do they expect us accomplish that?

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *They're trying to scan the train to find the source of the anomaly. If it's possible, they want you to proceed far through the train as possible. The goal is to reach the middle. That way, if they get the signal, you'll spend less time trying to get to it. I know it how it sounds but this is most we can do.*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** That's the plan they came up with? That's a tad bit risky don't you think?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** No, Ray is right. Not going with the plan is risker.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** How so?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Think about it! There’s populated areas along our route; when the news finds out, it’ll be Crazy Eights all over again, and that’s the least of our problems. We can’t stop, and the train absorbs everything it touches – what do you think will happen when we hit a bend too quickly?

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *That's the worst case scenario, but still! Look, I know I'm asking a lot, but we can't afford to waste time here arguing. Get through the train as much as you can. We clear?*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** ...Well. If we're going to die anyways, might as well make the most of it.

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *Exactly what I wanted to hear! Now get on it!* 

> 

> *[Conductor Pendleton signs off. The room of the instance has flipped again. Engineer Lieson tosses a pencil inside; the pencil remains on the floor.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** It's back to normal? That's good. Should we get a move on... or...?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** No. We don't know what's up ahead, should be more prepared. Rodney, do me a favor and opens the boxes. I think there's a few items that could help us, and considering the circumstances, they’ll understand us using it. Start with that box over there. I think there's a taser inside. Gray box.

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson and Agent Rodney acquire several anomalous items from the caboose. Upon stuffing them into a bag, Engineer Lieson enters the next room.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Alright, be focused here. We need to be sharp. You don't know wh--

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson screams as he is pulled to the ceiling. Engineer Lieson groans in pain.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Harry?! You... still fine?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** *(Groan.)* Just peachy. Give me a minute! Gravity is apparently broken again.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney carefully navigates on the ceiling. He observes the penny as Engineer Lieson makes his way to the door.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** So only people are affected but not objects? That doesn't make sense.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** This whole thing doesn't make sense!... The door is too high and there's nothing to prop against the wall. First railcar and we're already screwed. Any ideas kid?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** The doorway is not that high. I can climb up to it but but I don't want to leave you behind... wait! I'll just carry you!

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Huh?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** If I prop you over my shoulders, you should reach the doorway. I'll just climb in after you. It's the best shot we got.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** ...Can you handle the weight?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Only one way to find out. 

> 

> *[Agent Rodney goes to opposite wall and extends his arms out. Engineer Lieson uses Agent Rodney's hands as a stepping stool and is successful in opening the door.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Got it! *[Engineer Lieson opens the door inward, takes a sharp intake of breath.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Harry?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Do you see a fire extinguisher back there?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** No. Why?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** We're gonna need it. *Now.*

> 

> *[Agent Rodney tilts his head and enters the second instance after Engineer Lieson. The majority of the boxcar is on fire, and the path is blocked by massive pillar of flames.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Dammit! We should have brought one with us. Maybe there's one in here?

> 

> *[Agent Rodney points to a fire extinguisher near them. It is on fire and currently melting.]* 

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Of course it can't be that easy! Hm... Rodney, give me that bag! There's has to be something here.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney gives Engineer Lieson the bag. As the latter is busy searching it, Agent Rodney spots sprinklers on the ceiling of the room. The sprinklers are connected to a fire alarm pull switch on the wall. The fire alarm switch is also on fire. He points this out to Engineer Lieson.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** You really want to trust that? I know for a fact there are no sprinklers installed on the train. Besides, you can't use it unless you say goodbye to your fingers.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Well the sprinklers are there for a reason! Unless you got something better in there?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** I got... the taser, bubblegum that can't wear out, a gold-finding compass... here it is! Fire-Proof bubble wrap! Oh wait. There's only a small sheet. This won't be enough to cover us. 

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** It's still enough to cover one of our arms... enough to pull the switch.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** It could be a trap. You want to take that risk?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Sure. Either we stay here or pull the alarm. This is our best shot. I mean, the sprinklers wouldn't be there unless there's a reason for it? Right?

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson stares at Agent Rodney, then at the alarm. He wraps one of his hands in the bubble wrap and pulls the switch. The sprinklers do not activate but the fire is extinguished regardless. Engineer Lieson looks at him incredulously.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...Okay, maybe not exactly what I had planned but it still worked.

> 

> *[The fire alarm switch moves back into place. The sprinklers spark and begin to emit flames. Agent Rodney and Engineer Lieson panic and sprint to the other boxcar. Engineer Lieson escapes just in time as the massive pillars of flames are emitted from the sprinklers. Agent Rodney slams the door shut. He is panting.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Jesus Christ!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Okay... okay... didn't go down the way I wanted but it's fine. That's just fine. That won't be any problem at all, just... a lot of vases?

> 

> *[The boxcar is devoid of windows and furniture with the exception of shelves on either side of the walls. There are vases, marble statues and paintings adorning the room. Price tags are on each of the items, ranging from thousands to millions dollars.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Alright, this has to be a trap.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** How so? 

> 

> **Engineer Lison:** We thought the gravity in that room was fine but it was not. We thought the sprinklers would work but it didn't. And now this? It can't be this easy.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Fair point, but we're on a time limit here and we need to proceed forward. What else do you want us to do?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Let's just take our time getting to the door. I might be getting over my head but--

> 

> **Conductor Pendlerton:** *--H GOD! GET DOWN! EVERYONE BRACE FOR IMPACT!*

> 

> *[Agent Rodney and Engineer Lieson are thrown to the ground. The vases and marble statues begin to fall over and break on the ground. One vase falls on Engineer Lieson’s knee; he roars in pain as SCP-6122 continues to shake immensely. The lights flickers and the camera feed freezes.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Despite the Foundation's and Conductor Pendleton's best efforts, a civilian freight train collided with SCP-6122. Upon physically touching SCP-6122, the entirety of the train was absorbed into the anomaly within a minute; SCP-6122 was violently shaken during this, damaging a considerable amount of the cargo, however none of the personnel suffered any casualties.

**Addendum-03, Assistance:** Due to the collision, the number of SCP-6122-1 instances had doubled; the status of Heather Morrack remained unknown. Foundation responders began employing drones to scan SCP-6122 for any energies, phenomena, or any indication of the source of the object's anomalous properties. Technician Lionel was chosen to coordinate efforts with the staff aboard SCP-6122.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6122/incident3/Rodney/Lieson </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **[Camera: Boxcars]**

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Ooh... I'm not in bed... I have a massive headache... This isn't a nightmare, is it?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Well... if you're referring to a living nightmare, sorry to say, you're still awake.

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson is lying on the floor and sits up. A massive bruise is on the side of his head. He and Agent Rodney are inside one of the cargo boxcars. Engineer Lieson sighs and rolls up his pant leg. A massive bruise is on his knee.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** What happened?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** We hit another train. Stayed on the rails, but stuff was falling everywhere so I dragged you in here – Lionel helped me through the last three cars.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** ...Goddammit. *[Engineer Lieson slams his head against one of the cushions of the seats.]* This was supposed to be an easy trip... just fuck... wait, who's Lionel?

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *Rodney! Has Harry awaken yet?*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Unfortunately so! Ray, please tell me Command has something better in the works. I don't know how much of this we can take.

> 

> **Lionel:** *Luckily for you, Mr Lieson, there is.*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Let me guess, you're Lionel?

> 

> **Lionel:** *That's me. Eric Lionel, Technician, lelay to Command, and co-savior of your sorry asses. Sorry for being late, Ray's been giving me the details of your cargo. And I see you're no worse for ware too.*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** You can see us?

> 

> **Lionel:** *Hacked into the video feed. Can you believe that those extra railcars have cameras in them too? It's a whole other world in there.* 

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** *Grand.* You said you had 'something better', Lionel?

> 

> **Lionel:** *We’ve been scanning the train – it’s giving off Humes, so the cause is ontokinetic. But the outside of the train seems to be blocking our SRA’s; we need you to open one of the boxcars so we can get it inside the train, and hopefully Pendleton will get control again. It's five cars ahead, a straight line. Easy as pie.*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** No it isn't! Train's a deathtrap!

> 

> **Lionel:** *It was a figure of speech.*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Harry's got a point. These cars are unpredictable, we don't know what we're going to get.

> 

> **Lionel:** *Oh that? Now that's easy. I can see a beach, a mountain, and a casino in that order. The rest are just more cargo.*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *How can you~~ oh that's right the cameras. Okay, so the scenery may be a little compact but~~*

> 

> **Lionel:** *Not little.*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *Hm?*

> 

> **Lionel:** *Bigger on the inside; can't see walls or ceiling.*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Good luck with that kid.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Overestimated myself. My leg is busted and I'm too tired. You're gonna leave me behind and--

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** No, no. Don't you dare give me that cliché crap! You're coming with me. End of story.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** My knee is busted, I’m not going anywhere fast; and we need this done fast. Just get it done, and I’ll wait here

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** No, I’m not leaving you here. You know what’s in this train, I don’t; is there anything in here we can use?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Kid-- 

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Lionel! Is there anything useful here? Advil, anomaly, anything?

> 

> **Lionel:** *Hold on, I'll check the list... got it! see that blue box? There's professional soccer uniform inside that heightens adrenaline and relieves stress. Use that.*

> 

> *[Agent Rodney obeys Lionel's instructions. He opens the box, takes the shin guard, and straps it to Engineer Lieson's leg before acquiring firearms and ammunitions on Lionel's digression. Engineer Lieson gets up and inspects his leg. He is no longer expressing signs of pain. Agent Rodney hands him a shotgun.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** How'd you feel?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** I... good... a lot better actually. 

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *Great, go out there and find Heather if you still can--* *[The sound of loud metal creaking is heard.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** *Ray?*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *I can hear something. Can't see it but it's loud. Guys!-*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** W-We're going. We're going! Just keep and eye out with the cameras. Lionel, what's ahead? Lionel? Lionel!? 

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson and Agent Rodney enter the doorway. The door slowly closes and transforms into sand. The interior is a vast beach; no sun is visible, but the room is lit as if on a sunny day. Engineer Lieson is unnerved.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Radio's not working. Look at this place, how are we going to find a door here?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I don't know... hm? The sand is... moving?

> 

> *[Suddenly, large piles of sand begun to rise from the ground. Hordes of crabs emerged from these piles and attempted to surround Agent Rodney and Engineer Lieson; they sprint towards the ocean. Agent Rodney aims at the crabs and fires. Two crabs gets hit and collapse in a pile of red cubes before two additional crabs manifest.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** What do you think you're doing?!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** We got to get them off our tail!

> 

> **Engineer Liseon:** That ain't gonna work! We need to run!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Look at them--an entire army! We need get to higher ground! 

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** No, we need to find the exit! Ah! Look! The boat, over there, see! Hey! Is that Heather?! Heather!

> 

> *Morrack is on her stomach, slowly crawling to a sailboat resting near the water. she snaps her head to Engineer Lieson and sprints to the boat. She helps both personnel get on board. Agent Rodney sets down a bag and sorts through it.*

> 

> **Morrack:** Rodney? Harry? What are you two--

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Heather, hush! Rodney! Will this work!?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** It's either this or swimming. Hold on, hold on! Lighting taser, endless gum, copper brick--Got it! 

> 

> *[Agent Rodney pulls out a paper fan and waves back and forth on the sail. The strong gusts of winds push the sailboat out of the sand and into the water. The hordes of crabs approaches the water but do not pursue any further.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Good, it worked. Heather! Where were you? What happened?

> 

> **Morrack:** I don't know! I went and got the straps, but on the way back I ended up here, in Hawaii or something – then the crabs started showing up, and I had to I-I-It's--

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Slow down, It's fine. It's fine now... well actually it's not. Heather, listen, did you see an exit or a door of any kind?

> 

> **Morrack:** I... the door's on that rock right there. See? *[Morrack points to a train door standing upright on a rock in the ocean.]* I was trying to get to it. Why?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Command needs it open, might help fix all this... Also, this ain't Hawaii.

> 

> **Morrack:** Really? I guess that explains a lot. At least we're close to it now... Harry? You got ammo in that shotgun?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** I have enough rounds. Why?

> 

> **Morrack:** How effective are they against sharks?

> 

> *[A large shark fin measuring two meters is approaching the boat. Agent Rodney quickens his pace as Engineer Lieson shoots at the shark. The shark is unharmed.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Rodney! Don't you dare let up at that fan. Keep fanning harder!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I'm trying with the stupid fan here! Wait, we're approaching! We're approaching! Land Ho--Kick the door!

> 

> *[The boat crashes into the rock and sinks into the water. The group exits the boat and sprints to the door. Agent Rodney is the last to enter. The shark jumps out of the ocean and dives towards Agent Rodney, jaws wide open. The sound of tearing fabric is heard as Engineer Lieson closes the door.]*

> 

> *[The group emerge half-way up a mountain; a thick layer of clouds hides the landscape below them, with a medieval stone tower protruding a distance away. A path leads from the door to the mountain's peak, where the second door is standing.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** There's our next stop.

> 

> **Morrack:** No way it can be that easy.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Never said it was... *[Engineer Lieson turns to Agent Rodney and takes a sharp intake of breath.]* You hurt?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I'm fine, I'm fine. Damn. Too close for comfort. But hey, nothing happened right? We're still good.

> 

> **Morrack:** I wouldn't say that.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney turns towards his bag. Most of it is gone; nearly all of the items in it are missing or destroyed. Agent Rodney drops the rest of the bag in shock.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** How?!

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Guess Mr. Jaws got too close indeed. Most of it’s trashed – can we salvage anything?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** All... all of it's gone! No wait, there's something! Some shotgun shells, protein bars... we saved the taser at least... oh no. 

> 

> *[Instead of a taser, the contents of the box is revealed to be coins. They are sparkling.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** You grabbed the coins instead?! Dammit Rodney!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Sorry! I'm sorry! The boxes looked similar, I thought I got... dammit... dammit! *[Agent Rodney closes the box. He is pressing both of his hands against his face. Morrack hands Engineer Lieson the shotgun shells.]*

> 

> **Morrack:** We still have guns, it's not a total setback. Can we please get a move on before something terrifying tries to kill us again?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...Okay.

> 

> *[The group begins ascending the mountain, following the path; as they do, a pair of black bands appear at the top and bottom of the surveillance footage, imitating cinematic letterboxing.]*

> ~~-~~

> **Camera: Locomotive**

> 

> *[Conductor Pendleton is sitting in his seat. He is visibly anxious.]*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** Lionel how far are they right now? What's their progress?

> 

> **Lionel:** *They're made it past the ocean, they're at the mountains now. They're not responding for some reason. Maybe those specific cars are causing interference?... Pendleton, five more train cars has been added to the train. Up to forty three now!*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** No no no no, the train can't handle that much! If this keeps up at this speed, and if we hit a bend, we're going to topple! You sure the EMPs are not going to work?!

> 

> **Lionel:** *We already tried that. Command is looking into a new plan - weapons, anomalies... they're even considering contacting other G.O.I's as we speak. I know it's difficult, but try to stay calm.*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** Easy for you to say! Forget the hatch just try the windows! Who cares if it gets absorbed! We can always try again, can't we?!

> 

> **Lionel:** *Pendleton! Relax, just focus on the tracks. We'll... Ray! Another car has been added. Wait, this one is different.* 

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** *Different how?*

> 

> **Lionel:** *You can see the inside of it! It's a... flatcar! And there's nothing on it besides a... giant birthday cake with... playing cards, and Thanksgiving turkeys wearing bikinis? I think they're--yep, they're dancing and making out with each other.*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** Forget that! Flatcars are technically inside right? No walls or ceilings... maybe try bringing the SRA close to that flatcar! It's the only thing we can do right now!

> 

> **Lionel:** *Fair point. I'll order the drone to get close to it. Fingers crossed... nothing so far. Perhaps a bit closer?*

> 

> *[The controls of SCP-6122 briefly flash on repeatedly, and making electronic whirling before going silent. Conductor Pendleton observes with amazement.]*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** Lionel? What happened? Lionel!

> 

> **Lionel:** *Pendleton! Good news! As soon as I brought the SRA to the cake, it disappeared alongside some of the extra cars! Can you stop the train now?*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** Let me see!... Hey! It still won't stop but it's at a manageable speed now! It's working!

> 

> **Lionel:** *Good! Command is going to love this. Hm? That's… that's not right. Scanners' are now saying there's another - Pendleton, run! It's in there with you!'*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** What--

> 

> *[Loud banging is heard, the door is becoming dented from the other side as a dark purple gas seeps into the room. Conductor Pendleton jumps from his seat.]*

> 

> **Conductor Pendleton:** L-Lionel! The door! I-It's wrong. It's creating gas! I c-can't! *(Cough)* The air's getting-- *(Cough)* No! Something's... oh god!

> 

> **Lionel:** Gas?! Pendleton! What gas are you talking about? What's wrong with the door? Pendleton? Pendleton!

> 

> *[Conductor Pendleton drops the radio and falls to the floor. He continues to cough as he falls from his chair. The door caves in completely, and the gas blocks the camera view. Conductor Pendleton coughing turns into screams before they are cut short.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Communication with Conducter Pendleton was lost. Shortly after, Foundation responders successfully pinpointed the source of the anomalous phenomena, and identified it as ontokinetic in nature; the source was observed to teleport between the caboose and locomotive in quick succession, before stopping and remaining in the caboose.

**Addendum-04, Emergency:** At this time, SCP-6122 was approaching a major population center; the numerous additional cars drastically increased SCP-6122’s mass and momentum, ensuring the train remained in motion and would derail upon encountering a sharp bend. The ontokinetic anomaly source began traversing through the freight cars, beginning from the caboose and toward the locomotive. To minimize loss of anomalies and personnel, Foundation Command began drafting methods to neutralize SCP-6122; Technician Lionel then managed to regain communication with all personnel.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6122/incident4/Rodney/Lieson </summary>

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **[Camera: Boxcars]** 

> 

> *[The group is two-thirds of the way along the path, walking silently. Agent Rodney is holding a piece of cloth in his hand, periodically glancing at it; Agent Rodney notices this.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** You still have your mind on the sack?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I just... thought what I did back there was stupid. I should have held it a different way. That's all.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Kid, you don't need to lie. I'm only saying now's probably the best chance as any to get things off your chest. We don't know what's up ahead, and there's a good chance we won't make it out. It's obvious you're bothered but I won't push if you don't want me too. Your choice.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...I was thinking about what you said.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** You mean the taser? It's fine, Rodney, it probably wasn't going to do much anyways... just an inconvenience. I'm not a fan of them if you couldn't tell.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:**  I was thinking about the whole… ‘head in the clouds’ thing. People are expecting a lot from us right now, and I’m afraid my mistake has cost us.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Kid, people make mistakes.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** True, but some are more costly than others. I don't... I was working purely off of adrenaline this entire trip. I... went with the flow if that makes sense. I'm getting a picture of what this job entails, and I'm wondering if I have the temperament to stay here. I was having expectations that were way complicated than I thought. Is it always like this? Working with the anomalous?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Not always, but there's a good chance it could be.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I see. So I really wasn't taking this seriously. Still... am I ready? Can I handle what the world's gonna throw at me?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** To be honest, I don't think you are.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney lets go of the cloth and stares towards the clouds in contemplation.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** But that's fine. No one's perfect. Like I said, the Foundation is testing if you can take the heat. It's insane if people think they're going to toss you into the fire, especially on the first day. In fact, you're taking this quite well compared to the other guys I supervised when I still wore the suit.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Suit? Are you... you used to be an agent?

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson gives a small smile.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Yeah, I used to be quite the hotshot too. Since I was professional, one of my duties included supervising new agents. Some got promoted, but a lot of them got canned because like you, they had their heads in the clouds. Hell, veteran agents fall under this too. It's the reason my leg got busted.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Really?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Yep. Got too cocky against an anomaly and it took me out of commission. My knee led to one thing after another and I was forced to turn in the suit. The civilian life wasn’t appealing, so I got this job instead. It pays fine I suppose but it just wasn't the same. I thought you were going to end like the rest, but after all this, I don't think so.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** You don't know that. What makes you think I'm not like the 'rest'?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Easy. You're willing to face things head on, you're good at keeping your cool, and you're self-aware that you need improvement. That last one is more important that people realize. If you don't see you got a problem, how you're going to improve in the first place? The fact you admitted it is a good sign.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** So... you think I'll be a good agent?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** You have potential. Like you said I don't know that. That's up for you to decide. That heat will always be there, but you'll get used to it. In fact, if we get this anomaly under control I think the Foundation will cut you a little slack. Who knows, they might even promote you.

> 

> **Morrack:** Hey! We're almost there! Finally, thank god.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** That's our cue. Ready to save the world again?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...Yeah... yeah. I'm definitely ready. *[Agent Rodney slowly nods.]*

> 

> *[The group reaches the end of the path; Heather opens the door, and they step through. The interior of the room is nine levels high; there are slot machines and poker tables affixed to the floor, walls and ceiling. Masses of skeletal and red-skinned horned humanoid entities are either floating in the air, speaking incantations or playing the games.]*

> 

> *[Morrack gestures the group to follow. They come across a train door standing upright behind a velvet rope barrier. A slot machine is besides it.]* 

> 

> **Morrack:** You need to insert quarters inside of it and hope you get jackpot.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Straightforward enough... I have some in my wallet. Do you know any other rooms up ahead?

> 

> **Morrack:** Only a couple. I tried to get pass this tunnel but it has hard to breathe. As I went back I swore I heard hissing. Didn't want to stay there longer than I had too

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Thanks for the heads up... Did you say tunnel?

> 

> **Morrack:** That's what I saw.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Huh... why is that ringing a bell?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Guys, quiet. I need to focus.

> 

> *[As Engineer Lieson reaches for the slot machine. Everything inside the room begins to spatially distort: The room is shrinking and all objects besides the group is disappearing. The interior quickly morphs into that of a standard boxcar. Slot machines are pressed against the walls. The entire group is visibly stunned.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...Heather? Did that happen last time?

> 

> **Morrack:** No.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Oh.

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** It returned to physical size? Lionel hasn't given us the SRA yet... Is that rope?

> 

> *[The group enters the doorway; they are standing on a flatbed. A SRA is hanging on a piece of chain near the floor. Engineer Lieson looks above to see a drone holding the chain up.]*

> 

> **Morrack:** It's already here? I thought you said Lionel needs our help?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I did! Maybe... hey! Maybe he found another way to stop the train!

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** I think you're right. That room back there shifted back... but then why is the train still moving?

> 

> **Lionel:** *Because we're not done yet!*

> 

> **Morrack:** That Lionel?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Lionel? You're back! We found--

> 

> **Lionel:** *--Found Heather, I saw! Listen! We managed to set up the SRA. I guess flatbeds count. The railcars are demanifesting as we speak! I saw the room you were in, you said it went to normal right?!*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Y-Yeah it was trippy but it went back to normal. Well relatively normal. I think Pendleton can relax a bit easier--

> 

> **Lionel:** *Pendleton is gone!*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What?!

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Gone?! What do you mean gone?!

> 

> **Lionel:** *I was talking to him when this purple gas filled the room; something got him. But nevermind that, you're in danger! We found the source - it was with Pendleton when he disappeared, then it jumped back to the caboose, and now it's coming to you!*

> 

> **Morrack:** Right behind?! What do we do?! 

> 

> **Lionel:** *I don't know! Get to the locomotive! Grab onto the SRA! It might help you!*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Alright... Got it!

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson grabs onto the SRA, which is absorbed into him. The chain is broken, and pieces of it fall to the flatbed, which are also absorbed. The group observes in silence.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** ...What?

> 

> **Lionel:** *That... oh.*

> 

> *[The environment morphs into a sewer system, with multiple tunnels present.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Again?! Wait... Harry! I recognize this place. This was at the end of the caboose! God, it smells the same too!

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** The... caboose.

> 

> **Lionel:** *Guys! Get a move on now! It's getting faster!*

> 

> **Morrack:** What's getting faster?!

> 

> **Lionel:** *The signal!*

> 

> *[A loud hiss emanates from behind Morrack as a colossal green snake emerges from a tunnel; it pounces and eats Morrack, then eyes Lieson and Rodney.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Holy--

> 

> *[Agent Rodney shoots at the entity with his firearm. It lunges for Agent Rodney, who escapes in time by running into a tunnel. The snake spews a stream of purple gas into the tunnel and refocuses its efforts towards Engineer Lieson who runs down a different tunnel.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Lionel! It's still chasing us and lost visual Rodney. What now?!

> 

> **Lionel:** *I can't see you! Erm--keep moving forward! Make it to the engine!*

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson runs down several tunnels, with the snake in close pursuit. He passes through several SCP-6122-1 instances of variable environments, all of which change into the sewer system as the snake enters them.]*

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson reaches the locomotive. He is hastily fiddling with the controls to no success.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Dammit! It's not working! How is Agent Rodney? He still alive?

> 

> **Lionel:** *I don't know! I can't see him!*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** ...I'm screwed.

> 

> **Lionel:** *It's coming!*

> 

> *[The snake's head emerges through the doorway. Engineer Lieson shoots the shotgun point blank at its face. The entity recoils in pain but is still alive. It prepares to spew its poison when it stops. It turns to look behind itself, then pulls it's head out of doorway. Engineer Lieson is confused.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Why did it let up? It had me?

> 

> **Lionel:** *I don't know. Wait! I think I can see Rodney again! What's he doing?*

> ~~-~~

> **[Camera: Boxcars]**

> 

> *[Agent Rodney turns the corner, the purple cloud dissipates. He cautiously retraces his steps and sees the segment of the snake. He begins to proceed forward but stops. He eyes the snake's posterior and expresses contemplation. He follows the entity's body.]*

> 

> *[The interior of the other SCP-6122-1 instances have also been converted to sewer tunnels. Agent Rodney takes great care not to touch the entity's body, he sprints and follows it, eventually arriving at the caboose, where he freezes.]*

> 

> *[The SPITTER arcade cabinet has fallen over again; the screen is cracked, showing demo footage of a pixelated serpent navigating a sewer system. It appears that the snake is emerging from the coin slots of the arcade cabinet to no detriment of itself. One coin slot remains open; Agent pulls out the gray box then stares at it, then at the slot, then at the box again.]*

> 

> *[Agent Rodney kneels and quickly inserts the anomalous coins from the case into the slot. Hissing is heard as he inserts the sufficient amount and presses one of the cabinet's buttons. The snake emerges from a preexisting hole in the wall and hisses at Agent Rodney. He hastily grabs the joystick and rams the head of the character into itself.]*

> 

> *[A flash of light blinds the camera feed before dissipating. The carcass of a normal-sized green snake is hanging from the coin slot, the head of which appears to have been bitten off.]*

> 

> *[Agent Rodney stares at the cabinet, visibly relaxing. He turns and looks in the direction of a nearby tunnel; faint, echoing speech can be heard coming from it. After a moment he enters the tunnel, following the noise, eventually arriving in the locomotive without passing through any boxcars; Engineer Lieson is at the controls, talking to Lionel.]]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** So it's gone?

> 

> **Lionel:** *It vanished, and the Hume level is dropping too! Rodney? Harry, behind you!*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Rodney! You're alive? Thank god... what happened?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I… followed the snake, to see what was causing it. It was that video game the whole time – it’s a snake game, and you go through sewers. It must’ve been damaged, and… put the train into a demo mode, or something? I just shoved some coins in, then made the snake kill itself.

> 

> *[Engineer Lieson slumps in his seat, covering his face with his hands.]* 

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** That was it? All we had to do was *put some damn coins in?*

> 

> *[A moment's silence.]*

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** Rodney?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Yeah?

> 

> **Engineer Lieson:** I think you earned your gold star.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Following the termination of the serpent entity, Engineer Lieson regained control of SCP-6122 and initiated the brake system; all experienced anomalous phenomena, including the generated SCP-6122-1 instances, progressively demanifested upon doing so, enabling the train to come to a full stop. Foundation responders established a perimeter around SCP-6122 until it could be transported for processing and containment.

Conductor Pendleton and Heather Morrack were found unconscious inside SCP-6122 covered completely in digestive juices; they were taken to the medical bay and eventually made a full recovery. Investigation confirmed that  Anomalous Object #1976, a TotleighSoft-brand arcade cabinet, was the source of the anomalous phenomena; the damage it incurred during transit had permanently transferred its anomalous properties into SCP-6122, and Anomalous Object #1976 itself had become non-anomalous. SCP-6122 was transported by other means to Site-43 for containment and study.

Conductor Pendleton, Engineer Lieson, Heather Morrack and Agent Rodney were commended for their actions in resolving the incident, and compensated appropriately.

---

<< [SCP-6121](SCP-6121) | SCP-6122 | [SCP-6123](SCP-6123) >>

> **Name:** Locomotora con tren de carga pasando por la estación La Paz..jpg

> **Author:** Criollopaceño

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-SA 3.0)

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Locomotora_con_tren_de_carga_pasando_por_la_estaci%C3%B3n_La_Paz..jpg

=====

=====
