= **SCP-6572** by 

**[LORDXVNV](LORDXVNV)'s Author Page**

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The current location of SCP-6572 is unknown. Therefore, containment efforts are to be directed towards falsifying reported causes of death for SCP-6572's victims and explaining damage to infrastructure.As of 9/12/2017, these containment procedures no longer apply.

**Description:** SCP-6572 is a sword labelled as being able to cut through anything. It is not affected by friction. SCP-6572 also appears to be resistant to high temperatures and pressures. 

No visual descriptions of SCP-6572 prior to classification exist. Cross-referencing characteristics of SCP-6572 with those of swords historically possessed by Marshall, Carter, and Dark has been deemed infeasible.

**Discovery:** SCP-6572 was one of several unnoteworthy anomalous items seized in a raid on a Marshall, Carter, and Dark warehouse on 6/24/2002. 

During initial transit to the nearest Foundation site, the storage unit of SCP-6572 (later determined to utilize electromagnetic suspension) failed. SCP-6572 pierced its storage unit, destroying its MC&D unique identifier label, and proceeded to fall into the ground. SCP-6572 was presumed lost. 

On 12/1/2002, witnesses in Perth, Australia reported that a man "exploded into viscera". High-speed camera footage suggested that the cause was SCP-6572. SCP-6572 travelled in a parabolic arc, reentering the earth approximately 30 meters away.

It is presumed that SCP-6572 will remerge in Bermuda, the antipodePoint on Earth directly opposite to another  of Perth. SCP-6572 has been classified as Euclid.

**Update 4/30/2003:** On 4/10/2003, witnesses reported that Donald Duck at Disneyland had been scattered across the park. Surveillance footage indicated that the cause of death was SCP-6572. It was determined that while SCP-6572 does not appear to be affected by friction, it is affected by lateral forces from convective currents present within earth's mantle and core, altering its velocity. As such, without a comprehensive model of the earth's mantle, it is impossible to accurately predict the trajectory of SCP-6572. SCP-6572 has been upgraded to Keter.

A full list of SCP-6572 emergence events is available upon request. Over 50 emergence events have been directly observed. 

**Update 6/30/2010:** SCP-6572 appears to be accelerating. At every emergence event, SCP-6572 travels further before reentering the ground. It is estimated that SCP-6572 will escape from earth's gravity by 2020.

**Update 9/30/2017:** SCP-6572 left earth's gravity well on 9/12/2017. Containment efforts are no longer necessary. SCP-6572 reclassified to Neutralized.

> *No more dangerous than other space junk now. --Dr. Solstice*

<details>
<summary>You Might Also Like...</summary>

[SCP-572](SCP-572) by 

[SCP-5792](SCP-5792) by 

[SCP-5871](SCP-5871) by 

</details>

=====

> **Filename:** dustboom.jpg

> **Author:** Sgt Armondo Monroig, USA

> **License:** C0 (released to public no copyright restriction)

> **Source Link:** https://nara.getarchive.net/media/dirt-and-debris-flies-into-the-air-as-an-artillery-shell-explodes-upon-impact-3bf7da

=====
