**Content note:** This article contains references to cults, manipulation, death and depression. If you notice anything tag-worthy that's not in here, please mention it in a comment.

**Item #:** SCP-6908

**Object Class:** Neutralised (formerly Euclid)

**Special Containment Procedures (obsolete):** SCP-6908 requires little active containment; the cemetery in which it is located has been purchased by the Foundation, and caretakers instructed to collect the letters and report them to an embedded member of staff. Civilian access is tentatively permitted.

**Description:** SCP-6908 was the grave of Johnny Nilsson, deceased leader of defunct GoI-094 ("The Crooked Smilers"). It had a profound effect on living things within a radius of approximately one hundred and eighty centimetres; animals would refuse to enter said area and would display extreme distress if forced in, plants and lichens would not grow, etc.. Sapient beings displayed mild unease within the area of effect, as well as an urge to perform some action or engage in some activity they had been avoiding.

At apparently random intervals, letters would manifest above the grave, presumed to have been sent via thaumaturgic means. All are believed to have the same writer, who has not been identified beyond their signature of "Grace."

**Addendum 1:**

The Crooked Smilers were an eschatological cult based in Memphis, Tennessee and founded sometime in 1985. Their doctrine was based around belief in positive thinking manifesting positive results; their stated aim was to create a gestalt entity out of their prayers and wishes. As founder and leader, Nilsson requested donations to fund cult activities and raise awareness.

The Foundation became aware of the cult in 1989, when a defector linked him to a Southern Fifthist Church in Alabama; to the Church's consternation, Nilsson had been taking from their teachings as proof that his methods worked. A raid was undertaken in November that year, leading to the death of Nilsson and the overall dismantlement of the cult.

Later, it was determined that, despite ties to Fifthism, the Crooked Smilers were entirely non-anomalous. Nilsson showed no capability of fulfilling his promises, and had been using the money for his own purposes, convincing his followers that when the time was right they would have everything they desired. By the time of the raid, several had already been forced out due to an inability to provide funds. This, as well as the failure on Nilsson's part to spread his message, meant that his followers required no amnestics, and underwent standard reintergration procedures.

The vast majority of the Crooked Smilers were dealt with there; however, it is believed that a slim number of overseas members, such as the letter-writer, exist.

**Addendum 3:**

Below is a selection of letters found on SCP-6908.

> Johnny,

> 

> 

> I heard the news! Christ, you scared the life out of me! They're saying you're dead, but I'm not stupid.

> 

> 

> I am still so excited, you know. It has to be soon, doesn't it? I appreciate that this isn't an exact science, ~~but~~ I suppose there's a lot of work to be done. I'm happy to wait.

> 

> 

> I left my donation with Mabel,Mabel Price, Nilsson's secretary. She was eventually located and amnesticised in 1993. seeing as you're still ~~hidi~~ waiting. I look forward to hearing from you soon!

> 

> 

> Grace

> Johnny,

> 

> 

> I'm so tired. What am I supposed to do?

> 

> 

> Grace

> Johnny,

> 

> 

> Hi, hope you're well. Donation is with Mabel.

> 

> 

> ~~What do you want?~~

> 

> 

> ~~I was just curio~~

> 

> 

> How do you want?

> 

> 

> It's silly, I know, but I really do admire how you do it. You know exactly what you want, and how to get it. I'm a bit worried once we actually create our archonNilsson's term for the purported gestalt entity. Unrelated to other mythologies. I won't know what to ask it for! Oh well, I'm sure something will work out.

> 

> 

> I'd love to meet you in person. I'm sure I'd enjoy your company, and you mine. You should come to England sometime.

> 

> 

> Grace

> Johnny,

> 

> 

> First off, I am so, so, sorry about the donation this month. Sodding manager's cutting our wages, AGAIN. I'm surviving, don't worry, but I just can't afford to pay you right now. I'm sorry, I swear, I'll make it up. Mustn't grumble, I guess, at least I have a job.

> 

> 

> I'm really looking forward to when we do it. I haven't got much on here, so I'm very much looking forward to it. ~~Even if it is a bit~~ I'm really looking forward to it.

> 

> 

> I don't know what I want.

> 

> Grace

> Johnny,

> 

> 

> I could do it by myself, you know. I could do it myself, you slimy greasy wanker.

> 

> 

> Except I couldn't.

> 

> 

> It'll happen, or it won't. You know, I spent my whole life waiting? I spent eighteen damned years waiting, just drifting, like what I wanted would just sort of happen, and it'd all be great, and you know what? I was out of college, nothing happened, and I was left with exactly that: NOTHING.

> 

> 

> I don't need to waste my life on you. I'm quite capable of doing that myself.

> 

> 

> Grace

> Please.

> Never mind. Something will turn up.

**Addendum 17:** The last letter above was discovered on 30/11/1990, eight months after the first. Shortly following the manifestation, SCP-6908 ceased displaying its anomalous properties. Reclassification to Neutralisation complete by 21/12/1991.

<< [SCP-6907](SCP-6907) | SCP-6908 | [SCP-6909](SCP-6909) >>

=====

> **Filename:** sadlymissed

> **Name:** File:Unnamed cemetery Tchulahoma Road Memphis TN 001.jpg

> **Author:** Thomas R Machnitzki

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Unnamed_cemetery_Tchulahoma_Road_Memphis_TN_001.jpg)

=====
