.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6189-1 is to be housed within a standard climate-controlled greenhouse located at Site-██. Personnel exhibiting any open wounds, bleeding, or scabbing regardless of severity may not access SCP-6189-1's enclosure. A full-body inspection will be performed upon all personnel prior to and after entry. 

~~Every week, researchers are provided~~ During periods of approved experimentation, researchers may requisition a weekly sample of 3 liters of human or animal blood to nourish SCP-6189-1. Additional supplies are provided as needed from donors registered to the Foundation's Tissue, Organ and Blood Donations program.Researchers may complete Form 6189-1.b "Sacrificial Samples" to specify donors with particular identities, backgrounds, or phenotypes. Donors are compensated as per Foundation Policy 156.a "Requisitions of Personnel Biological Material." 

SCP-6189-2 and -3 are to be kept inside a standard equipment locker within SCP-6189-1's enclosure.

Items SCP-6189-4 and -5 have no anomalous properties and are stored within Site-██'s Archives in the Historical Resources section. Soft copies are freely available upon request.

Items SCP-6189-6 and -7 will be stored within Site-██'s Thaumaturgic Artifacts sector in sealed, camera-monitored containment lockers with a dedicated TRISMEGUS-level thaumaturgic countermeasure apparatus (TCA). Researchers may request access to cell cultures of SCP-6189-6's samples for Daevite geneological research and targeted thaumic experiments. 

Access to the original SCP-6189-6 may be requested by personnel with Head Researcher clearance or higher.

In addition to the aforementioned TRISMEGUS-level TCA, SCP-6189-7 will be stored within a chilled containment locker. Access to SCP-6189-7 requires O5 approval, renewed monthly, and is limited to the exact parameters of any proposed experiments. Attempts to access SCP-6189-7 without permission will be logged; personnel without permission are to be detained, interrogated, and examined for memetic tampering.

**Description:** SCP-6189 is a collection of artifacts associated with Daevite thaumaturgy drawn from various periods of material culture. The oldest item, a polished slab of worked limestone, dates to the Ḳastau period during the early Bronze Age, while the most recent item is a small sketchbook of modern manufacture. Chemical and forensic analysis suggest the last item was created in 19██.

SCP-6189-1 is a circular ritual bowl composed of anomalous wood approximately 600cm wide and 300cm deep. It is roughly funnel-shaped, with a wide, shallow outer lip tapering to a steep internal hollow approximately 300cm wide. The bottom of the bowl is rough and pockmarked with hollows. The underside of the bowl is rough and bulbous, like a tree knot. Genetic analysis shows limited resemblance to non-anomalous *Prunus persicas*Obvious similarities with [SCP-392](SCP-392) have been noted..

Kant scans of SCP-6189-1 indicate both Akiva and Hume readings consistent with a religious thaumaturgical focus.

**Dormancy**

In its "dormant" state, SCP-6189-1 resembles petrified driftwood. The item was assumed inactive upon initial receipt. After Incident 04/18/██, SCP-6189-1 first exhibited properties typical for its period of active use.

When any bleeding animal ("subject") is brought within approximately 4m of SCP-6189-1, the subject is rapidly exsanguinated by unknown means. This phenomenon will hereby be referred to as a "sacrifice." Recently deceased and living subjects both undergo exsanguination at equal rates. Blood is drawn directly from its source and deposited within SCP-6189-1, where it is absorbed.

Prior to modern blood transfusion methods, rates of exanguination suggest exposure would prove fatal for most adult hominids after two minutes.

**Active**

After an initial sacrifice of between 5 and 6 liters takes place, a dormant SCP-6189-1 enters an active state and undergoes significant alterations. Petrified external tissues are shed as rapid tissue growth replaces the outer layers with a rich brown-red bark. The outer rim of the bowl now exhibits a ring of stiff, palmately lobed leaves. These leaves vary in color, from deep red to soft green. 

As part of the initial sacrifice event, SCP-6189-1 rapidly extrudes a trunk and root structures from the bole at its base until they penetrate the soil to a depth of approximately 500cm. These are slender and do not appear to provide SCP-6189-1 sustenance. After the 500cm point, the roots curve sharply horizontal and spread through the surrounding soil.

The "sacrifice" effect of SCP-6189-1 continues to occur in its active state. However, blood received in excess of SCP-6189-1's initial requirements pools within the bowl. SCP-6189-1 radiates a consistent high background hume count. 

The active SCP-6189-1 rapidly desiccates regardless of access to water or local temperature and humidity. It appears primarily hematophagic and requires approximately 6 liters per month. SCP-6189-1 does not require access to sunlight or exposure to ultraviolet light. Desiccation does not appear fatal; SCP-6189-1 has been allowed to petrify 4 times since receipt and revived with subsequent sacrifice events to no apparent ill effect.

SCP-6189-2 is an ornamental knife approximately 0.31m long. It has a single edge, slightly hooked tip with a concave edge and a slightly rough, bark-covered handle made of wood. The knife's outer surface is fire-gilded with a layer of silver. Its lack of a hilt, fine edge and shape suggests it is a ritual tool rather than a weapon or working tool.

Analysis has shown this knife possesses no anomalous properties but a significantly higher than baseline hume saturation. Its relative lack of microbial contamination can be explained by the layer of silver applied to the blade. Chemical analysis shows minimal traces of blood. However, microscopic analysis of its edge indicate extensive use and regular sharpening.

SCP-6189-3 is a set of barkcloth bandages of unknown manufacture and origin. Genetic analysis suggests a common ancestor with SCP-6189-1. Applied to a wound, these bandages appear to quickly clot blood and staunch bleeding. Wounds thus bandaged are not affected by the exsanguination effect of a sacrifice event.

SCP-6189-4 consists of a set of 32 worked, rectangular limestone slabs. Each slab has relief carvings upon both sides, indicating they were intended to be portable or movable rather than removed from a previously fixed setting. Small grooves have been carved into both vertical edges. Microscopic wear patterns suggest these slabs were once held in modular frames. Perhaps these were rotated through sequences to illustrate a pattern of dancing steps prior to a ritual?

Each relief carving depicts a scene of several posed humanoid figures in the foreground, set against a particular scene. Artistic style varies across slabs; some follow the simplified silhouettes typical of Kastau-period Daevite art, while others are Ḳast period lithograms with elaborately detailed musculature and physical features.

Foundation anthropologists have assembled several hypothesized "sequences" of slabs, basing them off the most natural sequence of dancers' motions and the background depictions. All such motions are reproducible by baseline *h.sapiens sapiens*.

Of the 32 tablets in the set, 18 have been numbered in the bottom right corner using Arabic numerals. These additions are very recent and made in red spray paint. 

SCP-6189-5 is a modern sketchbook filled with detailed sketches in black pencil. SCP-6189-5 displays no anomalous properties. Paper composition, binding, and other details of manufacture are contemporary.

The sketchbook depicts scenes seeming drawn from daily and ritual life within the Daevite empire. Unlike many Middle and Late Imperial Daevite artistic artifacts, which depict different social and gendered castes in highly formulaic poses and attire, SCP-6189-5 is rendered in a lifelike style. Up to ███ unique individuals are discernible, with unique costumes, features, and attitudes. Both *h. sapiens sapiens* and individuals belonging to the theorized *h. sapiens daeva* subspecies are included in these sketches.

Curiously, there are very few depictions of *h. daeva* children in SCP-6189-5. Only █ children appear to be individuals of the *h. daeva* subspecies, mostly in sketches estimated to be from earlier periods. Most *h. daeva* individuals are first represented as adults, frequently after depictions of sacrifice involving one or more *h. sapiens* individuals.

A consistent element in many scenes is the presence of an object resembling SCP-6189-1.

Evidence indicates that the prior owner of SCP-6189-5 was familiar with Daevite culture and life. Two hypotheses have been proposed to explain SCP-6189-5's presence within this collection.

* SCP-6189-5 was created for the benefit of the Foundation upon receipt, providing necessary context to the intended usage and social role of SCP-6189-1, -2, and -3.

* SCP-6189-5 served as a record and reference source for the prior owner of SCP-6189-5, recording their memories either for posterity or their own use. Thaumaturgic means of life extension do not necessarily convey eidetic memory.

SCP-6189-6 is a collection of ██ preserved, un-dyed pale textile strips approximately 12cm wide by 55cm long, stored within a tube similar to an ancient scroll case. The case is a tube of polished bronze, largely unmarked, with one removable cap and a recently replaced carrying strap of modern synthetic fabric. This cap is screwed or unscrewed to remove it and forms a tight seal.

Each strip is densely woven in a twill pattern with high absorbency. Hume scans indicate a considerably higher than baseline saturation but the materials are themselves non-anomalous in origin. The oldest strips are woven from barkcloth, while the most recent two strips are linen with weave patterns consistent with modern sewing equipment. 

Although the strips are not dyed, each strip exhibits a similar pattern of intentional stains. These consist of a collection of small dots one third of the way across the strip, followed by one or more dots on the opposite end of the strip. They are wet to the touch, but do not stain or wipe away. While the earliest strips contain a simple two-blank-one pattern, others include a more peculiar arrangement, such as a one-two-blank-one pattern, a three-blank-one pattern, or in one case a six-one-blank-two pattern.

Chemical and genetic analysis of the stains revealed that these stains are blood samples taken from creatures within the genus *homo*. The stains included genotypes corresponding to each individual blood stain, suggesting a deliberate ritual or artistic component. Further comparative analysis revealed a peculiar pattern of genetic information in the sampled blood samples: the last dots always contain a combination of all present genotypes. These last samples appear to exhibit genetic chimerism.

Radiocarbon dating indicates that these items were manufactured at different dates and have been preserved through anomalous means. Measurements suggest the oldest was manufactured in the 17th century BCE, while the most recent may have been manufactured as recently as 20██. 

SCP-6189-7 is a set of ██ glass ampoules, each small enough to fit in a human palm, carefully packed in a cushioned carrying case. The case is a non-anomalous plastic case cushioned with synthetic foam.

Each ampoule is made of smoked glass and finely scored with extremely small old Daevic characters. Translation and identification is ongoing, but part of each text sample appears to be a name. Their date of manufacture is unclear. The contents of each ampoule are still liquid and swirl gently when the ampoule is disturbed. Although direct observation is impossible, indirect observation indicates ongoing cellular activity. 

Kant scans register considerably higher passive Hume counts than baseline, equivalent to the background radiation generated by a stronger than average thaumic practitioner. 

A note was included inside the case.

I place great trust in you with this. Do not betray me.

All experiments involving SCP-6189-7 have been prohibited at this time.

**Acquisition:** SCP-6189 was delivered to Foundation custody in an unmarked parcel delivered to Professor Ian Thomas through [redacted], a Foundation front corporation. As per regulation 501a ("Contact Between Foundation Personnel and Individuals of Interest") Professor Thomas' connection with the sender is currently under investigation.

This is a show of good faith, Professor. 

Contemplate: the seed, the graft, and the cutting.

- ██████, "SCP-140-A"

**Anthropological Analysis:** 

= **Foreword**

The picture our sources, all heavily biased, paint of the Daevite people is not a flattering one. But the operative word is *people*. Too often researchers approach the daeva as malicious nemeses, but our superficial evidence suggests *h. sapiens daeva* - and the baseline *h. sapiens sapiens* they lived alongside and ruled over - were as capable of empathy, artistic expression, loyalty and sacrifice as we are. Their values may seem alien and barbaric to us, but so would many of their original contemporaries prior to their anomalous perpetuation.

We must therefore begin from the assumption that SCP-6189-1 and its associated paraphenalia served a tangible, practical purpose to the ancient Daeva.

**Sketch Analysis**

<details>
<summary>+ The Harvest Festival</summary>

**Description:** A sketch of a pastoral scene consistent with the presumed norms of early Imperial Daevite agriculture. The sketch depicts a field populated with a mixture of non-anomalous staple crops, including wheat and millet, and anomalous ones. Orchards border the field, but their contents are unclear. An instance of SCP-6189-1 is set in the bottom left corner, surrounded by dancing celebrants. Next to the bowl is a female figure wearing clothing consistent with that of a mid-level Daevite priestess. 

The priestess has one wrist extended outwards, palm up, and is holding onto the edge of the SCP-6189-1 instance with her other hand. Blood appears to well from her veins into the air in a fashion consistent with a sacrifice event. Several individuals who are either slaves or peasants kneel at her feet. Their wrists are cut, with blood likewise running into the air and pooling into SCP-6189-1's basin.

On the far side of the sketch, a collection of rootlike structures have burst from within the plowed furrows.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ The Proving</summary>

**Description:** Sketch of a gladiatorial arena in use, viewed from above. Large textile or leaf-shaped structures appear to rim the arena's stands. The floor of the arena is rough, circular, and bumpy, with very abrupt plunging walls. There is the suggestion of crowds of spectators, suggesting an elevated viewpoint, but the focus is on the arena's interior.

The sketch depicts an apparent melee being fought between a dozen hominids of varying genders. Several of the gladiators have fallen in postures of defeat. Near the center, one combatant thrusts through the abdomen of another with a long spear. Blood sprays from the injury and runs from the fallen in thin rivulets. Standing aside from the battle, a set of celebrants dance.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ The Embassy</summary>

**Description**: Sketch of a daevite procession moving through the main street of a small village. The buildings are wattle-and-daub, thatched structures. The village appears impoverished; the background features peasants holding crude tools and dressed in heavy furs. By contrast, the daevite procession is led by a matriarch and is splendidly attired in fine robes and jewelry.Style matches that of Early Imperial Daevite temple retinues. Armor is curiously absent, although the thaumic capabilities of Daevite elites make this judgment inconclusive. The leading matriarch is flanked by two standard-bearers; behind her a quartet of servants - or perhaps slaves - carry an instance of SCP-6189-1.

Several of the villagers - young *h.sapiens* men and women - kneel before the approaching procession. Behind them stand older individuals, presumably either parents or village elders. They bare their throats to the approaching Daeva.  There are no signs of resistance. 

The matriarch kneels before one of the foremost villagers. She holds an instance of SCP-6189-2 in her right hand.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ The Victor's Banquet</summary>

**Description**: Sketch of a battlefield scene. Precise identification by correlation of standards and combatant attire to historical records is pending. In the background, victorious Daevite armiesArms and armor are consistent with Early Imperial panoply. rout an ambiguous enemy force. Both thaumic and mundane weaponry is deployed. Instances of [SCP-3140](SCP-3140) and mounted cavalry pursue the fleeing opponents. 

In the foreground, *h.daeva* and *h.sapiens* instances pick over the bodies of the slain. One figure is depicted carrying a human body towards a priestess and her attendants in the center of the picture. Blood wells from limp bodies all around the priestess towards an instance of SCP-6189-1 in its active phase. In the far right, evidently drained, bodies are being piled into a trench.

Unusually for a depiction of Daevite military engagements, particular focus is paid to the anguished expressions of fallen enemy soldiers. An *h.daeva* male and female in distinctive robes and aprons with a strange forearm-length bracelet of interwoven cordsResearchers are reviewing primary sources for matching depictions cradle a wounded and richly-attitred enemy soldier, possibly a commander, between them. The male is wiping the commander's brows with apparent tenderness, while the female holds his hand.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Coronation of a Princess</summary>

**Description:** Sketch of a Daevite courtyard, evidently that of a temple. An illustration of SCP-6189-1 dominates the background, although it seems larger than the instance in Foundation custody. Roots have wound through the grass of the court. A crowd of cheering celebrants dance about it.

A female *h.daeva* figure leads the procession. Clothing and attire suggest a high matriarch; features are currently being correlated with other archaeological records.Multiple candidates have been identified through cross-reference with recovered Sarkic and Daevite sources, including [DATA EXPUNGED]. She holds an instance of SCP-6189-2 in her left hand and is visibly bandaged with an instance of SCP-6189-3 along the right forearm. Blood drawn from her wound floats in the air.

At the base of the sketch, three figures are sprawled out along what appear to be stone or wood biers. They are clothed in the loose flowing robes typically associated with daevite sacrifices. Two are *h.sapiens*, one male, one female. A third is an *h.daeva* male. All three have had their throats and wrists cut and are sprawled in a position of repose. Their expressions are peaceful; there are no signs of struggle.Noteworthy. Primary and secondary sources of the Middle and Late Imperial Daevite Empire, both Daevite and non-Daevite, feature extended descriptions of elaborate and often prolonged sacrificial rites, particularly those performed upon malefactors, captured slaves and dishonored war captives.

In the center of the image, a gigantic rootlike or vinelike structure has erupted from the earth in a cloud of haze and dust. The structure ends in a large bud-like structure which appears to be splitting open. Either emerging or being withdrawn into the interior (it is unclear) in a spray of liquid is a young adult female *h.daeva* instance.

</details>

> ++ Incident Report 04/18/██

##### LEVEL 3 ACCESS REQUIRED | PRESENT CREDENTIALS

<details>
<summary>DISPLAY FILE</summary>

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:blacklight-box-source">:scp-wiki:component:blacklight-box-source</a> |inc-section-start= --]

|color-family=optional-colors

|unique-name=7

|display-name=Incident Report 04/18/██

]]

On 04/18/20██, head researcher Dr. Bronwyn Winters entered SCP-6189-1's enclosure accompanied by Dr. Maria Watts and Assistant Technician Kazumasa Nojo for preliminary inspection and maintenance. 

At approximately 13:17:23 local time, Dr. Watts began to show symptoms of anemia. Despite prompt action by Dr. Winters and Technician Nojo, they were unable to carry Dr. Watts outside of SCP-6189-1's area of effect before Dr. Watts succumbed to unconsciousness through severe blood loss. SCP-6189-1's sacrifice effect appears to either mask or not cause any pain stimulus, as Dr. Watts showed no signs of distress prior to her collapse. Dr. Watts is believed to have expired between 13:18 and 13:19 local time. Cause of death was rapid exsanguination. 

Postmortem examination revealed that Dr. Watts had involuntarily triggered SCP-6189-1's sacrifice effect through [DATA EXPUNGED].

While attempting to carry Dr. Watts to safety, Technician Nojo was accidentally cut by SCP-6189-2, which Dr. Watts had been holding at the time. Instinctively applying an instance of SCP-6189-3 to Technician Nojo's wounds, Dr. Winters confirmed that SCP-6189-3's anomalous properties interdict SCP-6189-1's sacrifice effect.

]

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** site-██.admin@foundation.fnd

**From:** bronwynwinters@foundation.fnd

**Subject:** Proposal 6-2-2██b

---

Director,

I am again requesting the expediting of Proposal 6-2-2██b's review process.

I understand that my proposal is both irregular and controversial. The Foundation is not usually in the business of replicating the anomalous. However, I believe analysis of SCP-6189-5 supports my hypothesis.

SCP-140-A has sent us an instruction manual. It is an offer to collaborate. They did not expect us to keep SCP-6189-7 safe in a locked box. They expected us to use it. 

We cannot ethically replicate this opportunity. The Foundation has never taken a living *h.daeva* specimen into custody. 

What happened can't be for nothing.

- Doctor Bronwyn Winters

</details>

<< [SCP-6188](SCP-6188) | SCP-6189 | [SCP-6190](SCP-6190) >>
