.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

**Item #:** SCP-6905

**Object Class:** Pending

**Special Containment Procedures:** A perimeter surrounding the Kankakee River State Park is to be established and monitored for activity related to SCP-6905. Civilians entering the Park are to be monitored, with any found to have encountered SCP-6905 to undergo questioning and subsequent amnesticisation. Agents sent into SCP-6905 sighting areas are to be equipped with cloth bags, similar to those used in mushroom and truffle hunting.

**Description:** SCP-6905 is a gaseous humanoid that manifests during the spring correlating with the spawn of *Morchella* mushrooms, commonly referred to as morels. During this time, SCP-6905 will seek out individuals hunting morels and offer advice and encouragement. Individuals approached by SCP-6905 remain calm and often act as if SCP-6905 is a non-anomalous human.

**Addendum.6905.1:** 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-6905

> 

> **Interviewer:** Eli Hall

> 

> **Foreword:** Eli Hall is an agent of Site-27 chosen for his knowledge of the outdoors and his previous experience in hunting morel and chanterelle mushrooms. Eli was informed to maintain casual conversation with SCP-6905 as all formal interviews have resulted in a demanifestation. He was dropped at the north side at approximately 4:03 AM. At 4:49 AM, Eli Hall's equipped recorder picked up the following interview. 

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **SCP-6905:** You're out early hunting. Friday crowd too thick for ya?

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Huh- oh shit. Uh- I... yeah, the crowds gets really thick.

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Ah. You're acting awful flighty. I ain't gonna hurtcha.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Right... Sorry, I just... wasn't expecting anyone else to be out here this early.

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Ah, you're fine. I wasn't expecting anyone else either, but here ya are. Anyways, name's Harold.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Eli.

> 

> *[Leaves are heard crunching and SCP-6905 makes a low humming noise.]*

> 

> **SCP-6905:** You should be a bit careful where you're stepping now, son.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** What's wrong?

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Stir up the litter for a second and you'll see.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Oh, okay?

> 

> *[Several seconds of silence pass before leaves can be heard crunching.]* 

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Haha! Oh, and to think you nearly stepped on that damn thing. They're good at hiding, aren't they.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Yeah, they are. Didn't even notice it.

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Oh I can tell, but it's fine. You'll get your sense here soon enough.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Is it like paranormal or something?

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Man, what a compliment! No, my skills aren't 'supernatural', as you say kid, just I have a lot o' years doing this stuff.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Oh, really? Do you know how many?

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Eh, too many to count, I stopped at fifty-years. 

> 

> *[Several moments of silence pass before the crunching of leaves are heard.]*

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Ya know, if you keep standing there you'll find nothing.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Thought they spawned in groups.

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Eh, sometimes. The real trick is looking for elms and ash.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** First time I've heard of ash trees.

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Oh, so you do know a bit about the field.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** I know a few things. I'm just rusty.

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Well then, I think you got a good start. I don't want to give too much help, ruins the hunt.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** No no, I do need som- Harold?

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Well, guess that's that. Could've at least said bye.

> 

> *[The audio cuts out as Agent Hall makes contact with Site-27 about the encounter. He is instructed to leave the area. Approximately 30 minutes pass before the recording starts up again. In the debriefing, Agent Hall states that he was approximately 25 meters away from the initial pick up site when SCP-6905 manifested again.]*

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Now if that mushroom were a snake you'd be dead by now.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** You're back!

> 

> **SCP-6905:** I am. So, you really are rusty aren't you?

> 

> **Agent Hall:** It's been a few years, and the mushrooms are pretty well picked over.

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Sure son, it's not like I saw twenty on my way over, and it's not like there's one near ya.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Where is it?

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Now, that just ruins the fun. Take a look around for a second. You'll see it.

> 

> *[Several seconds of silence pass.]* 

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Thank god these mushrooms aren't snakes, else you would be a dead man.

> 

> **Agent Hall:** Yeah, I guess I would be.

> 

> **SCP-6905:** If you're back by tomorrow and they're not picked, I'll guide you to the other morels, but don't go expecting me to give you any handouts. 

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Agent Hall was sent out to investigate SCP-6905 several more times. Each encounter was similar to the one above with SCP-6905 evading questions in favor of discussing morels. No other information besides their name has been obtained.

**Closing Statements:** On 03/04/2030, following the extinction of both elm and ash Two trees known to have a mutualistic relationship with morels  trees, morel mushrooms ceased spawning. All investigations into the Kankakee River State Park for signs of SCP-6905 have come back negative. Further investigations will be launched, at the time of writing SCP-6905's class has been changed to pending.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** Site Director Foxglove

**From:** Eli Hall

**Subject:** SCP-6905

---

Yesterday, while out chanterelles hunting with my daughter, I found her talking to a voice that I believe to be SCP-6905. I have attached to this email the recording I was able to get. 

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *[The camera opens shakily and focuses on a vaguely humanoid figure sat in the woods. It nods its head while Eli Hall's daughter, Leah Hall, shows it flowers. The camera approaches the figure and it turns its head to face the camera.]*

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Eli, you shouldn't much come closer, cause let me tell you son. If that chanterelle were a snake, you'd be dead. 

> 

> *[Leah Hall begins to point and SCP-6905 shakes his hand.]* 

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Now then! Don't tell him! That ruins the fun, let him find it girl. 

> 

> **SCP-6905:** Why're you staring at me like that son? There's a Chanterelle in front of you, best get to searching for it.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

---

</details>

<< [SCP-6904](SCP-6904) | SCP-6905 | [SCP-6906](SCP-6906) >>
