ITEM NUMBER: SCP-6583

###990000|LEVEL 3/6583##

CONTAINMENT CLASS: EUCLID

###990000|CONFIDENTIAL##

---

**CONTAINMENT PROTOCOL:** The housing development where SCP-6583 resides has been bought out by Foundation front organizations, with main roads being redirected and repaved in order to discourage traffic. Residents previously living on the street have been relocated, and those involved in witnessing SCP-6583's initial discovery have been amnesticized. Residents of the Wellington area have been notified that the closing of the street is due to various combined maintenance failures that cannot be suitably repaired for safe habitation of the area. Refer to DC-6583 for the suitable script.  The development is to be under extensive surveillance in order to locate and ward off trespassers. Agents are to be embedded within Wellington's police force in order to handle incidents regarding local adolescents attempting to loiter and/or investigate the street.

SCP-6583-1 and SCP-6583-2 are to be monitored for significant changes. 

Investigations into the whereabouts of Lyle Dillon have been relegated to Senior Coordinator Daniel Purdue.

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-6583 is a suburban home that previously belonged to the Dillon family, located in Wellington, Ontario, Canada. SCP-6583 is non-anomalous, though the anomalies located inside SCP-6583 are tethered to the location itself.

SCP-6583-1 is a large organic mass that is rooted onto the east wall of SCP-6583's family room. SCP-6583-1 is immobile, though it experiences autonomic responses such as pulsing due to its circulatory system, and minor twitching due to various involuntary muscular responses. SCP-6583-1's outer growths resemble plantlike roots while also bearing growth patterns similar to *Physarum polycephalum*. A yellow, acellular slime mold colloquially known as "the blob."  Testing shows that SCP-6583-1's genetic composition consists of various human tissues belonging to two individuals, with analysis estimating that they were both fully matured at the time of their transmutation. 

SCP-6583-2 is a similar yet smaller organic mass attached to SCP-6583's attic ceiling. SCP-6583-2's construction is similar to that of SCP-6583-1's, with the only significant differences being its genetic makeup and the composition of its center mass. Tissue analysis for SCP-6583-2 revealed the makeup to be that of an adolescent, along with a significantly larger amount of preserved keratin found within the mass. Please contact your Site Director in order to request hair for analysis. 

At the center of SCP-6583-2 is a hole approx. 1m wide. This hole leads to a tunnel Also consisting of human tissue.  that is perpendicular to the position of SCP-6583-2 on the attic's ceiling, meaning that it points directly upwards. Drone analysis shows that the tunnel's interior extends past the barrier of SCP-6583's ceiling, approx. 6.2m, before terminating in a wall. Drone footage also shows extensive scuffing on the walls of the tunnel, with forensic analysis proving the marks to have resulted from human hands and feet.

**ADDENDUM 6583.1:** Discovery

SCP-6583 was discovered on 14 August 2010 during a local investigation into the whereabouts of the Dillon family.

Beginning with the recurrent absence of the youngest sibling, Wellington Heights Secondary School attempted to contact the Dillons via phone in order to notify them of their daughter's lack of attendance. After receiving no response for three days, two members of school staff were dispatched to SCP-6583 in order to address the issue in person to the Dillons.

When arriving to SCP-6583, both members of staff could not enter due to all entrances being locked. A neighbor living across the street saw this and approached the two to remark that nobody had been seen Mr. and Mrs. Dillon enter or exit their home in over a week. When asked about Kimberly Dillon, the neighbor, one Jeffery Wode, stated that she was the only resident that he had seen consistently enter and exit SCP-6583. Wode also elaborated that when he tried to approach Kimberly, she avoided his questions, saying she had to run errands for her brother, who, according to Wode, moved back in with his family after dropping out of college. Wode commented that the older sibling, Lyle Dillon, was "a piece of work" who frequently caused fights in the family, "draining" Mr. and Mrs. Dillon the longer he resided with them.

This new information caused the members of school staff to call the local police to establish the Dillons' safety, along with the potentiality of a future child welfare case. Before the police could arrive, Wode was able to retrieve a spare key that he was given by the Dillons in order to watch their home when they were away.

Entering the house led to the discovery of SCP-6583-1, causing the school officials and Wode to flee the house in a panic. They contacted the police a second time in order to report SCP-6583-1, with their call notifying Foundation operatives in the area. Containment was quickly established afterwards, with agents initially finding a stepladder in SCP-6583's attic, directly underneath SCP-6583-2. Lyle Dillon's room was also found to be covered in pages of math equations, many of them nonsensical, though all of them "solved" by the same integer.

**ADDENDUM 6583.2:** Recovered Online Records

An investigation was launched into the whereabouts of Lyle Dillon in tandem with SCP-6583's discovery, leading agents to find that Lyle had attended the University of Alberta for two semesters from late August 2009 to May of 2010. While living in the college dorms, Lyle Dillon was reported to have owned a laptop that he utilized for his assignments. This laptop has not been recovered, but agents in the Foundation's technical department were able to access various online search prompts that were traced from Lyle's device over the course of September to November of 2009;

> * biology neil a. campbell

> * eukaryotic cells

> * equation limits calculus

> * safely cook beans

> * bible study

> * bible study university alberta

> * differentiation

> * mitosis chromosomal replication

> * myspace "dylan porter"

> * myspace "angela howard"

> * natural kernite deposits

> * deuteronomy 5

> * myspace "██████ ███████" [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6405 DATA NULL] 

> * "██████ ███████" sermon

> * "██████ ███████"

> * saint dominic

> * calculus tutoring university of alberta

> * crawling nightmare

> * dream interpretation

> * holy trinity sermon

> * holy trinity theology

> * "not three"

> * saint joseph cupertino

> * myspace "dylan porter"

> * myspace "penelope carroll"

> * penelope carroll

> * penelope carroll final broadcast

> * demiurge

> * starfish

 

Research into the university's records showed that Lyle Dillon had dropped out of the institution at the conclusion of his second semester, citing stress and a "different outlook on the trajectory of [his] life." Agents were dispatched to locate the whereabouts of "Dylan Porter," "Angela Howard," "██████ ███████," and various other students partaking in Christian-based religious activities and clubs, finding little to no evidence of any officially-run group with any of the names listed above as active members. Due to already established documentation, further research into Penelope Carroll is [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1425 unnecessary.] 

<< [SCP-6582](SCP-6582) | SCP-6583 | [SCP-6584](SCP-6584) >>

=====

> **Filename:** house.jpg

> **Author:** Paul Brennan

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Pixabay](*https://pixabay.com/photos/new-home-construction-house-home-1704214/)

=====
