**Item #:** SCP-6247

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to its location, all ships passing through the spot under which SCP-6247 is located are to be redirected through an alternate route, under the guise of severe weather conditions. All noticeable debris emerging from SCP-6247 is to be retrieved and stored in a secure containment unit at Site-184. Constant monitoring of SCP-6247 for fluctuations in anomalous activity is to be carried out.

**Description:** SCP-6247 is the designation given to a structure found on the seafloor of the Atlantic Ocean. SCP-6247 exists in a constant state of flux between an unconfirmed number of realities, rendering a full mapping of the structure unfeasible. From time to time, debris is violently expelled from SCP-6247 in a manner consistent with that of an explosion. Of note is that all debris recovered from SCP-6247 has exhibited signs of stress consistent with depths of ~6,000 meters below sea level.The Atlantic Ocean has an average depth of 3,646m, with a maximum depth of around 5,000m.

A secondary anomalous effect that has been attributed to SCP-6247 manifests as a series of messages encoded through standard Foundation methods; these messages are transmitted repeatedly at regular intervals. The content of these messages is displayed below.

@@ @@

[UNKNOWN COLLISION IN SECTOR 4B. PLEASE REMAIN CALM.]

@@ @@

[CHARYBDIS PROTOCOL IMPLEMENTED. SECTOR 4B RECLASSIFIED LOST.]

@@ @@

[TEMPORARY ANOMALY DESIGNATION 0059: 1 SPECIMEN. DECEASED.]

@@ @@

**UPDATE 06/03/2022:** On 06/03/2022, SCP-6247 expelled a large container bearing a Foundation insignia, which quickly rose up to the surface and activated a beacon transmitting on standard Foundation channels. Upon retrieval, the contents of the box were examined and sent to Site-184 for study due to the site's proximity. The box contained documentation on several unobserved aquatic anomalies attributed to a non-existent Foundation facility located somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean. 

No data recovered has been linked to any existing Foundation operation, and is to be disregarded.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6246](SCP-6246) | SCP-6247 | [SCP-6248](SCP-6248) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
