.yeetbox{

width: 85.5%;

margin-left: auto;

margin-right: auto;

padding-left: 10px;

padding-right: 10px;

border: 1px dashed rgb(130, 130, 130);

background-color: rgb(233,231,204);

text-align: right;

}

.aaaaa {

border: 1px solid rgb(130, 130, 130);

margin-left: auto;

margin-right: auto;

width: 85%;

padding-left: 7px;

padding-right: 7px;

background-color: white;

}

> State your name for the record.

@@ @@

*A birthday party. Fifth, maybe? Seventh?*

*A kid sat alone. It was her birthday, yet no one cared. She listened to the laughter around her.*

*She knew they were just here for the cake.*

@@ @@

> Jayden Carver.

@@ @@

> How did you find out about the Foundation?

@@ @@

> I just... know.

@@ @@

*The ball flew by. She turned her head, but she stayed where she was. She never really liked sports.*

*They screamed at her to go. It didn't matter.*

@@ @@

> You just know?

@@ @@

> I just know. What more is there to say?

@@ @@

> Alright, moving on. What made you come here?

@@ @@

*"Nora?"*

*The kids around her snickered. She rubbed her eyes. "Huh?"*

@@ @@

> I think... I was supposed to.

@@ @@

> Elaborate.

@@ @@

> It has to do with the knowledge. I...

@@ @@

*A loud bang.*

*She had dropped her textbook.*

@@ @@

> You what?

@@ @@

*Screaming. Disappointment.*

*Bad grades.*

*A promise.*

@@ @@

> I don't know.

@@ @@

*Can't go.*

*Frustration.*

@@ @@

> I don't... know what I was saying.

@@ @@

*Lonely.*

@@ @@

*A friend.*

*Someone who wouldn't leave.*

@@ @@

> Okay, what's going on?

@@ @@

*A job offer.*

*Stuck.*

@@ @@

> Your, uh, your memories...

@@ @@

*A secret.*

*A horrible secret.*

@@ @@

> My memories?

@@ @@

*A ritual.*

*A sickness.*

*A gun.*

@@ @@

> It's not right, though. I've been seeing...

@@ @@

***A gun.***

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

> You mentioned my memories yesterday. What'd you mean?

@@ @@

> I don't... I don't remember what I said.

@@ @@

*Cheering. Congratulations.*

*She could barely hear them over the static. They were happy for her, but...*

Is this a branch?

@@ @@

> After I asked what was going on?

@@ @@

*Screaming.*

*An argument right as she tried to speak. She sat at the table, but it didn't mean anything.*

@@ @@

> Oh.

@@ @@

*She opened her mouth, but no words came out.*

*A secret left forever untold.*

@@ @@

> Are you always this... spacey?

@@ @@

> Not before. My condition's been getting worse.

@@ @@

> Your condition?

@@ @@

> I see memories. Not voluntarily.

@@ @@

*The animal froze, eyes wide.*

*She slammed on the brakes.*

*Glass flying through the air.*

*A sharp pain.*

*It was too late to make amends.*

@@ @@

> Shit. How much did you see?

@@ @@

> You won't like the answer no matter what I say.

@@ @@

> Just- let's keep this between us.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

> How well do you remember the memories you see?

@@ @@

> Depends. Some really stick with me, but others... I forget.

@@ @@

> Alright, uh, do you know anything about this?

@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-6982

**Object Class:** Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** N/A

**Description:** SCP-6982 is a silver bowl. Human subjects observing SCP-6982 from above will perceive a series of images reflected inside of it. 

Images are as follows:

# A bottle of beer.

# A black car.

# A small child, approximated to be 4-6 years of age.

# A forest.

# A shovel.

@@ @@

This is...

@@ @@

> Your, uh... I don't... think so.

@@ @@

> Fair enough.

@@ @@

*More time.*

*As she disappeared under the surface, she wished for more time.*

@@ @@

> Look, I've seen your timelines.

@@ @@

> What?

@@ @@

> I've seen your futures, and you never tell anyone. You always die wishing you could've said something.

@@ @@

> Said something...

@@ @@

*She grabbed her shovel.*

*It was time to dig up the past.*

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6981](SCP-6981) | SCP-6982 | [SCP-6983](SCP-6983) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
