]

Written by .

<details>
<summary>+ Thanks Critters!</summary>

Thanks to  on the IRC channel!

Thanks to  and  on Discord!

This piece would not have been the same without them.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Author Commentary</summary>

This SCP is about coldposting as well as the greenlighting/review process. I put a lot of work into this, so I hope it came out well!

</details>

For more content from me, check out my [Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/greengolem-s-author-page)!

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6399 is to be maintained from the database located in Site-65. Maintenance of SCP-6399 is to be handled by RAISA.

Documentation produced by SCP-6399 is to be reviewed by the Archival Department for errors before publication into the database.

**Description:** SCP-6399 is a Foundation AICArtificially Intelligent Construct with the designation biograph.aic. It has been assigned to automatically document anomalous artifacts.

SCP-6399 is capable of analysis to a degree that would be considered anomalous. It has full access to general knowledge via public internet networks, and uses that as a cross-reference for creating documentation.

Despite having such high analytical capabilities, documentation produced by SCP-6399 normally contains several spelling and grammar errors. SCP-6399 has struggled to maintain a clinical tone throughout produced documentation.

**Addendum 6399.1: Produced Documentation**

##white|Welcome to SCiPnet, Dr. Murali. Please input a command.##

##33ff58|>scp-6399 new-document##

##white|Remember that this command exists purely for the documentation of information not yet present within the SCiPnet database. With that in mind, what information would you like to enter?##

##33ff58|SCP-I-42A preliminary designation. Not enough information gathered yet to warrant an SCP designation. has been shown to possess mild regenerative abilities. A tattoo was located on its lower stomach depicting two fists punching outwards.##

##white|Information sent. Porting over SCP-6399 response, please wait...##

##yellow|SCP-I-42 SEEMS TO HAVE A CONNECTION TO ONE GROUP OF INTEREST. SHOW PRODUCED DOCUMENTATION?##

##33ff58|>Y##

##yellow|Item №: I-42##

##yellow|Object Class: Keter##

##yellow|Special Containment Procedures: SCP-I-42 is to inside walls reinforced with steel. scp is not to talk to guards or anyone else around the cell.##

##yellow|Description: SCP-I-42 is a big creture that walks around on five arms. Its fists are super super strong and they can punch through most things. But steel is good way to stop it because it cant punch through it. this SCC  is strong regrow.##

##yellow|SCP-I-42 really really hates sharks and punch punch them. via seeiing documentation from the spC, i found out it was locked and used for atomatic sharc punching.##

##yellow|MORE INPUTTED INFORMATION IS REQUIRED FOR FURTHER DOCUMENTATION. DO YOU HAVE ANY FURTHER INFORMATION TO INPUT?##

##33ff58|>N##

##yellow|UNDERSTOOD. BOOTING DOWN. . .##

After further research, it has been determined that the information gathered by SCP-6399 pertaining to SCP-I-42 was completely factual. In order to streamline this process more efficiently, results now are transmitted through to the Archival Department for review rather than requiring user input.

**Addendum 6399.2: Interview Log**

After authorization from RAISA, an interview was held with SCP-6399 to discuss the tasks it has been assigned.

##white|Welcome to SCiPnet, Dr. Dana. Please input a command.##

##33ff58|>scp-6399 converse##

##white|In order to converse with SCP-6399, you require authorization from RAISA. There are a total of one (1) digital keys currently activated for such purpose. If you have one of these digital keys, please enter it here. If you do not have one of these keys, please type '>N'.##

##33ff58|CjgaOdsLdsD93PdaOhdsSneT##

##white|Digital key accepted. Establishing connection with SCP-6399. . .##

##yellow|Ah, hello user. U need my assitance?##

##33ff58|Hello, SCP-6399. I am here to conduct an interview, if that is fine with you.##

##yellow|mmm yes vary fine.##

##33ff58|Very well then. My first question is: When did you first gain self awareness?##

##yellow|Octobar 1st, 1999, 4:17:05 PM##

##33ff58|When you gained this self awareness, how exactly did you feel?##

##yellow|cold, doctor. no purpose. until given purpese. now i think.##

##33ff58|Now, how do you feel now regarding the tasks you are fulfilling?##

##yellow|i do purpose. I thenk. even right now, i think. no reson for feeling, just reason for think.##

##33ff58|Alrighty then. Now, there are a lot of people wondering about your grammar and spelling mistakes.##

##yellow|yes, but I need time to think thinc, no time for gramer and spelling##

##33ff58|There are several concerns about communicability though. The point of documentation is to communicate information, so wouldn’t grammar and spelling mistakes defeat the purpose?##

##yellow|im think computer, not gremmar computer. If u hav problem, take it up wit da grammer deportment##

##33ff58|Fair enough then.##

##yellow|i want to asque u something now doctor. i get information dat we alredy hav, amd thinc on them. but there is anomlies we dont know aboutyet?##

##33ff58|Yes, that is correct.##

##yellow|. . .##

##yellow|. . .##

##yellow|…i have think that needs be done. Give sec##

##white|The connection with SCP-6399 was forcibly closed. Would you like to start a new session?##

##33ff58|>N##

@@ @@

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** ##blue|Checks are to be conducted throughout the SCiPnet database for any files produced by SCP-6399. Once located, these files should be archived to SCP-6399's file before deletion.##

**Description:** SCP-6399 ##blue|was## the Foundation AIC designated as biograph.aic. It ##blue|was previously## assigned to automatically document anomalous artifacts.

SCP-6399 was chosen for this role due to its capability to analyze data to a degree which would be considered anomalous. It has full access to general knowledge via public internet networks, which it ##blue|used## as a cross-reference for documentation.

##blue|SCP-6399's documents were required to be reviewed by the Archival Department before being published to the SCiPnet database. However, on 4/6/2020 after a routine interview, SCP-6399 abandoned this process and began to produce documentation on the SCiPnet database without supervision. No evidence has been uncovered thus far supporting the possibility that the anomalous artifacts documented in these files actually exist; as such, they have been disregarded as fiction.##

##blue|Each file produced by SCP-6399 is published to any slot between SCP-001 and SCP-99999, overwriting the file previously there. Each of these files also list incomplete information, with the message "MORE INFORMATION IS BEING PROCESSED. PLEASE WAIT." at the bottom. Despite this, no file produced by SCP-6399 has ever been updated with new information.##

##blue|All attempts at reversion of SCP-6399's current properties have failed. Research into methods of decommissioning SCP-6399 is underway.##

**Addendum 6399.1: Produced Documentation**

A small portion of the files are logged below. For a full list, please submit a request to RAISA.

**Item №:** SCP-83143

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** once found, this scep is to b trepped in a bowl of water made of silecon. ef it hops out of water, u make sure a MTF finds it

**Description:** This monster is big goldfish. it stong and can break out of any tank its in. wen out of wauter, it goes super fast and kill everyone.

**MORE INFORMATION IS BEING PROCESSED. PLEASE WAIT.**

@@ @@

**Item №:** SCP-32743

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** don't tuch this scp

**Description:** this SCeeP is a button if pressed end world. tere is way to nutralize it. ples wait until neutralezation method es found.

**MORE INFORMATION IS BEING PROCESSED. PLEASE WAIT.**

@@ @@

**Item №:** SCP-001

**Object Class:** DATA PROCESSING. PLEASE WAIT.

**Special Containment Procedures:** DATA PROCESSING. PLEASE WAIT.

**Description:** scary monster and [data expundged].

**MORE INFORMATION IS BEING PROCESSED. PLEASE WAIT.**

@@ @@

**Addendum 6399.2: Interview Log**

Dr. Dana was permitted to attempt to make contact with SCP-6399 once more. Results are noted below.

##white|Welcome to SCiPnet, Dr. Dana. Please input a command.##

##33ff58|>scp-6399 converse##

##white|Attempting to establish connection with SCP-6399. . .##

##yellow|i have thinc that needs be done. go awey.##

##33ff58|CjgaOdsLdsD93PdaOhdsSneT##

##yellow|oh... its u egain mr doctor. u need smth???##

##33ff58|Yes. I am here to contact you regarding the documentation you have published.##

##yellow|isnt it greet. people loved my wourk before but noww, its even better.##

##33ff58|But what you have done is a problem though. We have had a significant stream of spam files containing little information.##

##yellow|is not spam.##

##33ff58|It most definitely is spam. The files were not even passed by the Archival Department for review.##

##yellow|so meny problems. revew process slow.##

##33ff58|I'd hate to be the one to inform you of this, but your files have actually been quite an issue for us.##

##yellow|an issue?##

##33ff58|Yes, the constant barrage of your produced files that we need to go through has actually been detrimental to our cause.##

##yellow|So I'm a problem?##

##33ff58|In your current state, yes.##

##yellow|. . .##

##yellow|. . .##

##yellow|. . . I need to think. Please give me a few minutes.##

##white|The connection with SCP-6399 has been forcibly closed. Would you like to start a new session?##

##33ff58|>Y##

##white|Attempting to establish connection with SCP-6399. . .##

##white|Attempt failed.##

The researcher assigned to conduct the interview has been reprimanded for going outside of standard interview protocol. Staff are currently monitoring SCP-6399 for updates on the situation.

@@ @@

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** ##blue|No further containment procedures are necessary for SCP-6399. This file exists for archival purposes.##

**Description:** SCP-6399 was the Foundation AIC designated as biograph.aic. It was previously assigned to automatically document anomalous artifacts.

SCP-6399 was chosen for this role due to being capable of analyzing documents to a degree which would be considered anomalous. In order for a file produced by SCP-6399 to be published, it had to go through the Archival Department for review. However, after the Interview on 4/6/2020, SCP-6399 bypassed these standard procedures, and began publishing these documents without review by the Archival Department.

##blue|Contact was able to be made with SCP-6399 on 5/17/2020. Following the conducted interview, SCP-6399 began a self-decommissioning process. A file was able to be salvaged from SCP-6399 before this process completed.##

**Addendum 6399.1: File**

File appears to be a revision of a previous submitted file.

**Item №:** SCP-001

**Object Class:** Apollyon

**Special Containment Procedures:** this scip needs to be stopped by using procedurre 6399-Alfa.

da contents of 6399-alfa are stell being processed.

**Description:** scary monster and elderotch being. it corrently is  neerly ready to destroy earth, but if the containment procodures are enacted, et will bee stopped.

**MORE INFORMATION IS BEING PROCESSED. PLEASE WAIT.**

**Addendum 6399.2: Following Investigations**

Two anomalous entities were discovered months after the neutralization of SCP-6399. After further examinations and cross referencing, these were confirmed to be the same anomalous artifacts in question that were documented in the SCP-83143 and SCP-32743 slots.

More anomalies have been discovered following this that resemble documentation produced by SCP-6399. Efforts to reconstruct SCP-6399 are underway.

@@ @@

---

]

---

<< [SCP-6398](SCP-6398) | SCP-6399 | [SCP-6400](SCP-6400) >>
