---

**Special Containment Procedures:** All personnel stationed at Site-56 are to be made aware that Dr. Amelia-Mae Webber is a frog. Dr. Webber should be permitted to continue working as a researcher, given that its health remains stable.

**Description:** SCP-6441, known as Dr. Webber, is a sapient, unidentified member of the order *Anura* possessing a memetic effect that causes those who view it to believe that it is human. Prior to the discovery of its anomalous effects, SCP-6441 was seemingly unaware of its non-human characteristics.

Upon discovery of its anomalous effects, subjects will become aware of many non-human characteristics of SCP-6441; however, its body will still appear human.

**Addendum 6441-01:** Discovery

**Note:** The following log is a transcript of a multi-department meeting at Site-56. Dr. Juno Payne is known to have an unusually high level of memetic resistance.

[BEGIN LOG, 12:16 04/20/2022]

**Dr. Stevens:** Is everyone here?

**Dr. Frye:** Juno's late again.

**SCP-6441:** Who's Juno?

**Dr. Frye:** Y'know, tall, four eyes, kind of a bitch?

**SCP-6441:** I don't think I do.

**Dr. Stevens:** Eh, we can get started without her. So-

[Dr. Payne enters hurriedly.]

**Dr. Payne:** Sorry, got caught up in...

[A pause as Juno moves to take a seat.]

**Dr. Payne:** The fuck?

**Dr. Stevens:** What is it this time?

[Dr. Payne points towards SCP-6441.]

**Dr. Payne:** Why's there a frog?

**Dr. Stevens:** Excuse me?

**Dr. Payne:** A frog. Why is there a frog sitting next to me?

**Dr. Frye:** Ah, ha-ha, because Webber.

**Dr. Payne:** No, dumbass. There's a frog right there!

**SCP-6441:** Hey, guys?

[SCP-6441 stares at its hands.]

**SCP-6441:** I don't... think she's joking.

**Dr. Stevens:** What do you mean?

**SCP-6441:** I mean, she's not joking. These aren't... human hands. I don't...

**Dr. Payne:** Aaand it's talking. Great.

**SCP-6441:** Guys? I can't remember anything before 2018...

**Dr. Stevens:** Correct me if I'm wrong, but frogs take two years to reach adulthood, right?

**SCP-6441:** That's... what I'm saying...

**Dr. Frye:** Oh, that's why the table was so slimy!

[Dr. Payne squints.]

**Dr. Payne:** You didn't know the frog was there?

**Dr. Frye:** No, I mean-

**SCP-6441:** *(quietly)* Oh god, I'm a frog.

[END LOG, 12:20]

**Interview 6441-01:**

**Interviewed:** Dr. Juno Payne

**Interviewer:** Dr. John Meyers

[BEGIN LOG, 08:39 04/21/2022]

**Dr. Meyers:** Thank you for coming.

**Dr. Payne:** I mean, I didn't really have much of a choice.

**Dr. Meyers:** I suppose. Anyway, what happened during the meeting yesterday?

[Dr. Payne shrugs.]

**Dr. Payne:** Not much, really. Walked in late, saw a frog in the chair next to me. 

**Dr. Meyers:** Hm. Had you met Dr. Webber before, or was this your first time?

**Dr. Payne:** First time.

[A pause.]

**Dr. Payne:** Webber's the frog, right?

**Dr. Meyers:** Yes.

**Dr. Payne:** Yeah, first time.

**Dr. Meyers:** That'll be all, then. 

[END LOG, 08:41]

**Interview 6441-02:**

**Interviewed:** Dr. Aaron Frye

**Interviewer:** Dr. John Meyers

[BEGIN LOG, 09:30 04/21/2022]

**Dr. Frye:** I'm guessing this is about yesterday?

**Dr. Meyers:** Yes. You know Dr. Webber somewhat well, correct?

**Dr. Frye:** Uh, yeah, other than the whole... frog thing.

**Dr. Meyers:** Had you noticed any unusual characteristics before yesterday?

**Dr. Frye:** Kind of? I saw her eating bugs once, but I didn't think anything of it.

**Dr. Meyers:** Is that all?

**Dr. Frye:** Mm-mm. Sometimes, things she touches are slimy.

[A pause.]

**Dr. Frye:** Oh, and she always... sticks her hands in water? Like, she just sticks her hand in the glass. I've never seen her drinking it. Which, yeah, seems weird in hindsight.

**Dr. Meyers:** And none of these things seemed strange?

[Dr. Frye shrugs.]

**Dr. Frye:** Uh... not really. I just didn't really think about them.

**Dr. Meyers:** I see. Thank you for your time.

[END LOG, 09:35]

**Interview 6441-03:**

**Interviewed:** Dr. Bruce Stevens

**Interviewer:** Dr. John Meyers

[BEGIN LOG, 10:33 04/21/2022]

**Dr. Meyers:** Dr. Stevens.

[Dr. Stevens nods.]

**Dr. Meyers:** You were responsible for hiring Dr. Webber, correct?

**Dr. Stevens:** Yes. Seemed like a good fit.

**Dr. Meyers:** Why's that?

**Dr. Stevens:** She's brilliant. Great with physics, which happened to be what we needed.

**Dr. Meyers:** Did you run a background check?

**Dr. Stevens:** Mhm. We found nothing. Literally nothing. No background.

**Dr. Meyers:** And you hired her anyway?

**Dr. Stevens:** I just... didn't think anything of it. Seemed normal for some reason.

**Dr. Meyers:** Hm. Well, that's all I need from you.

[END LOG, 10:35]

**Interview 6441-04:**

**Interviewed:** SCP-6441

**Interviewer:** Dr. John Meyers

[BEGIN LOG, 11:31 04/21/2022]

**Dr. Meyers:** Dr. Webber. How are you?

**SCP-6441:** I dunno. How'd you be if you found out you were a frog?

**Dr. Meyers:** I'm sorry. This won't take long.

**SCP-6441:** I- [sigh] great.

**Dr. Meyers:** Before yesterday, were you aware of... your species?

**SCP-6441:** No, I just said I wasn't.

**Dr. Meyers:** You didn't think anything of your odd behaviors?

**SCP-6441:** Odd behaviors? Like what?

**Dr. Meyers:** Eating insects, absorbing water...

**SCP-6441:** That's normal.

**Dr. Meyers:** That's not normal at all.

**SCP-6441:** Oh... shoot.

**Dr. Meyers:** Moving on, what's the earliest thing you can remember?

**SCP-6441:** Uh, being alone, I think. I had... siblings. Something happened to them. I think, uh...

[A pause. SCP-6441 squints.]

**SCP-6441:** Some kids... did something...? I dunno. It's kinda fuzzy.

**Dr. Meyers:** What happened after that?

**SCP-6441:** Um... a woman said something, and... I could think.

**Dr. Meyers:** Could you not think before that?

[SCP-6441 shakes its head.]

**SCP-6441:** I didn't really have any thoughts before that.

**Dr. Meyers:** When did you enter human society?

**SCP-6441:** Pretty soon after. I was in grad school.

**Dr. Meyers:** What about your lack of a background?

**SCP-6441:** I dunno. I didn't really think anything of it.

[A pause.]

**SCP-6441:** I don't get it. How didn't I notice? *Why* didn't I notice?

**Dr. Meyers:** Well, we think it's some sort of memetic-

**SCP-6441:** No, I mean, if I knew, I could've done more. My time... must be running out.

**Dr. Meyers:** How would you have known?

**SCP-6441:** I don't know. Whatever- whoever did this, she could've made it so I knew. I could actually do something to help if...

[SCP-6441 sighs.]

**SCP-6441:** I just... don't know how to deal with this. It's a lot, really.

**Dr. Meyers:** I'm... sorry.

[END LOG, 10:41]

**Addendum 6441-02:** On 04/23/2022, SCP-6441 submitted the following note to Dr. Meyers.

> I think I get it now. She just wanted me to have a good life.

Shortly after, SCP-6441 was cleared to continue its work as a researcher.

<< [SCP-6440](SCP-6440) | SCP-6441 | [SCP-6442](SCP-6442) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
