the gems...

[Also, more stuff by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/rab333-s-contained-anomalies)

---

**Special Containment Procedures:**  SCP-6546 is currently contained in a humanoid containment chamber at Site-17, and must be fed a diet consisting of white cabbage and honey to facilitate the creation of small<1cm. and benign instances of SCP-6546-1. Any SCP-6546-1 instances bigger than 3cm in diameter must be surgically removed to account for the well-being of SCP-6546.

SCP-6546-2 is to be stored in a wooden anomalous item locker and should be checked daily for abnormal Hume values. Testing of SCP-6546-2 must be approved by personnel possessing at least O4 clearance.

**Description:** SCP-6546 is Anthony Keller, a 27-year-old white male from the region of Woodward, Oklahoma. SCP-6546's renal system is in unusually poor condition, leading to the production of an increased amount of kidney stones, which are classified as SCP-6546-1.

SCP-6546-1 instances vary significantly based on the diet and current condition of SCP-6546, and either manifest as different types of common gemstonesRubies, diamonds, emeralds, sapphires, and organic compounds like amber, etc., or solid metals Common metals include Gold, Copper, Zinc, Iron, Aluminum, etc. but can also include compounds similar to Rhodium, Osmium, Cobalt, Platinum, etc., which then pass through the urethra of SCP-6546, inflicting severe damage attributed to the different compounds present and size of the SCP-6546-1 instances. Due to this, SCP-6546's penis is severely damaged and scarred, though continues to function in relatively normal condition by unknown means.

SCP-6546-2 is an 8cm piece of corundum ruby which for all intents and purposes is identical to the mythological *Philosopher's Stone* found in multiple historical works and documents.

SCP-6546-2 exhibits various thaumaturgical properties which include, but are not limited to:

1. Slow conversion of most metals from the periodic table into Gold when near SCP-6546-2.

2. Massively enhanced vitality and durability of an individual when possessing the stone.

3. Ease of performing different thaumaturgical rituals and spells when in possession of an individual.

It is currently believed that SCP-6546-2 led to SCP-6546 being able to survive the amount of anomalous kidney stones it produced. Attempts to recreate the diet used to produce SCP-6546-2 are underway.

@@ @@

 

---

## Addendum **6546.1**

### DISCOVERY LOG

---

SCP-6546's anomalous properties were discovered after it unsuccessfully attempted to sell hundreds of gemstones and raw metals nationwide across multiple pawn shops, jewelry shops, and auction houses to private buyers and museums across 7 different states, eventually being detained and questioned by a police force in Flagstaff, Arizona.

When questioned on the legitimacy of several gemstones and metals in its possession, SCP-6546 pleaded it had gotten them from multiple sources including the "vast collection of a relative", though these claims were disputed in court. When charged with attempted money laundering, stealing, and potential fraud, SCP-6546 had revealed its abilities to the local court judge Grant Benson in an attempt to prove the validity of the SCP-6546-1 instances. At this point, Foundation personnel were informed of what was happening, and SCP-6546 was detained, with the witnesses being amnesticized.

Upon the detainment of Keller, SCP-6546-2 was found in its possession. SCP-6546's mobile phone contained multiple google searches suggesting a rough timeline of when the subject had acquired its anomalous effects, with a number of search terms being listed below:

* Kidney stones

* Green kidney stones

* Are kidney stones shiny

* Can you pass multiple kidney stones at once

* Big red kidney stone

* I think my kidney stones are weird

* WebMD am I pissing rubies

* Turning into gold guy

* Midas golden touch

* Gold stone

* Philosopher's stone

* Is the philosopher's stone real

---

## Addendum **6546.2**

### INTERVIEW LOG

---

Below is a transcript of an interview between Dr. Stanford Wells and SCP-6546, shortly after the detainment of Keller. Note that SCP-6546 still had SCP-6546-2 in its possession at this point.

**Interviewer:** Dr. Stanford Wells, Site-17

**Interviewee:** SCP-6546

---

**Wells:** Greetings, Keller. I just have a few questions for you today.

**SCP-6546:** Yeah, uh... sure.

**Wells:** Alright. When have you first acquired your anomalous abilities?

**SCP-6546:** A few months ago? It was a normal day, mostly. Though, later on in the day, I did get some horrible stomach cramps. Attributed it to some takeout I ate the previous night, but the pain just kept on going... Eventually, after a few days, I started, uhm...

**Wells:** Yes?

**SCP-6546:** Like, fuckin' uhh... pissing out *that*SCP-6546-2. thing. It took a while, and based on its size, it really wasn't a pleasant experience. Spent like three hours on the ground, just - crying. My dick swelled up to like thrice its normal size, I'm almost passing out just by thinking about it.

**Wells:** That does sound quite painful, indeed. What happened after?

**SCP-6546:** Well, eventually, the stone got out of my system, and I felt horrible, honestly. I tried to find any answers I could online about what the fuck had just left my body but while I was doing that, half of my kitchen appliances had turned to pure gold. I, uh. I left the stone in my kitchen. But, hey, it wasn't so bad. I had some cool rock that could make me rich? Of course I took advantage of it!

**Wells:** You've passed the stone, yes. Anything else notable?

**SCP-6546:** After that, those pains became almost permanent. Started pissing out even more stones, by the handful every single week. At one point I pissed a stream of liquid silver, instead of the usual bits of stone. Wasn't exactly fun, but somehow it was more pleasant than what I've experienced before. Guess that ruby stone thing that started all of this had some sort of effect on my actual body. My dick hasn't been utterly destroyed yet, or any other part of my body. So, that's nice.

**Wells:** And, with these gemstones, your record says you've tried to offload them in a bunch of different states. Is that true?

**SCP-6546:** Before the police tried fucking me up, yeah. Bought fentanyl and pot with the earnings I made to deal with the pain. Hey, traveling state-to-state, selling pissed gemstones, smoking weed all day... it wasn't all that bad in the end.

**Wells:** Uh, alright. That should do it for now. Thank you for your cooperation, Keller.

**SCP-6546:** Neat. Can I go now?

**Wells:** Oh, Keller.

---

## Addendum **6546.3**

### INCIDENT REPORT

---

Upon the conclusion of the interview with Dr. Wells, SCP-6546, due to a state of shock, fainted, coming back to consciousness a few seconds later while clutching SCP-6546-2 in its hand. Shortly after, SCP-6546 produced an SCP-6546-1 instance identified as a cylinder made out of a mixture of Cesium and Potassium, which upon contact with air had exploded, severely damaging the interview room and three adjacent rooms, leaving Dr. Wells in a comatose state. SCP-6546 had only sustained minor injuries from this incident, due to its possession of SCP-6546-2.

SCP-6546 is currently awaiting reclassification.

---

=====

> **Filename:** Gemstones1

> **Name:** File:Brazilian gemstones (6330406700).jpg

> **Author:** MAURO CATEB

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Brazilian_gemstones_(6330406700).jpg

=====

=====

> **Filename:** Philo

> **Name:** File:Corundum-winza-17d.jpg

> **Author:** Robert M. Lavinsky, iRocks.com

> **License:** CC-BY-SA-3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Corundum-winza-17d.jpg

=====

---
