.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

/* bhl-style-collapse Sigma-9 Compatiblity Patch */

#page-content .collapsible-block-folded, #page-content .collapsible-block-unfolded, #page-content .unfolded-collapse{

    line-height: 1.4;

}

#page-content .collapsible-block-folded .collapsible-block-link::before, #page-content .collapsible-block-unfolded .collapsible-block-link::before, #page-content .unfolded-collapse::before {

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 130%;

    margin-left: -0.4em

}

**From:** Containment Management Director Kirk

**Subject:** SCP-6479 Revisions - Needed by Monday

---

Here's access to the old document and the recent incident report. Thanks for taking a look at this again, I didn't want to be bothering you but you know how it works, I need a peer review on all of this before I can finish my revisions. Now the team who recorded this did try their best to keep this watchable and all but the video does get pretty graphic at times, just a heads up.

**Item #:** SCP-6479

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ Euclid

> 

> **Special Containment Procedures Pending Update**

> 

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the non-hazardous nature of SCP-6479, difficulty in conventionally containing it to any further degree, and that all staff operating within Site-26 became aware of SCP-6479’s existence during its original manifestation, SCP-6479 is permitted to roam the low-risk sectors of Site-26 freely. All staff should be made aware of SCP-6479's anomalous properties, and all security checkpoints should ensure SCP-6479 is not present before permitting personnel to pass. 

**Description:** SCP-6479 is an animate two-dimensional silhouette, resembling the reverse projection of a large canine (most closely resembling a wolf), which first manifested in Site-26 shortly after its construction in 1952. SCP-6479 is not affected by incoming light, despite it resembling a shadow. SCP-6479 is sentient, actively aware of its surroundings, and capable of linearly changing the surface it appears on, as well as its shape and size, in accordance with outside stimuli.

SCP-6479 is typically extremely evasive, generally avoiding human contact. When in unavoidable human contact, SCP-6479 will adopt a larger size and heavily exaggerated proportions (e.g. jaws, fangs, eyes). Such behaviour is likely intended to induce a fear response.

Due to its evasive behaviour, previous attempts at studying SCP-6479 have failed. No further attempts should be made out of concern for causing excess stress for the entity.

It has been noted that SCP-6479 is most active in the lower maintenance levels of Site-26, though the reason for this behaviour is not known.

**Addendum:** During the construction of Site-26, a stone monument dated to the 1600s baring intricate carvings of wolves along with an inscription in Irish Gaelic was discovered on-site. Initial attempts at a translation of the inscription yielded little due to the lack of appropriate scholars and the condition of the artifact making the inscription difficult to read. After the discovery of SCP-6479 and the possibility of a connection, there has been renewed interest in the artifact (see **Exhibit-6479-A**).

Subsequent investigation into local archives has yielded only one source that mentions wolves (see **Exhibit-6479-B**).

>

> **Exhibit-6479-A - Translation Revision 5**

> **Date: 30/10/52**

>

> Sasanaigh... *[Uninteligable due to erosion]*

> You come here from lands afar.

> You treat this land, here, as your own.

> You... *[Untranslated]* the people from their... *[Untranslated]*

> You... *[Untranslated]* the animals from theirs.

> You fear not the majesty of nature.

> For with your gunpowder, with your fire.

> You... *[Untranslated]* even the wolves as if livestock, naught but game.

> You slaughter them with unique fear, unique hate, unique spite.

> You leave not one lone wolf standing, [untranslated] deeper and deeper into the woodland's shade.

> Be it *[Untranslated]* to you however that you... *[Untranslated]* shadows.

> For even the most cowardly or outmatched... [Untranslated]

> You have... *[Untranslated]* them from the light, take victory.

> You will not... *[Untranslated]* them from the dark.

> **Exhibit-6479-B**

> 'Tales For The Burdened Mother' (1734).

> 

> "When the moon strikes high, and the clouds loom low.

> Eyes start to pry, and shadows grow against the snow.

> 

> Onto the window, ratta tat tat. 

> Branches of a tree? Fangs, in fact.

> Crawling along the floor, with the cold draft.

> 

> So you'd best keep your covers drawn,

> Or you just might find yourself in the Faoladh's maw."

Correspondence with locals suggests that **Exhibit-6479-B** is still relatively prominent in oral tradition.

---

<details>
<summary>+ Incident Log 26-6479:</summary>

>

> **Incident Log 26-6479:**

> Date: ██/██/87

>

> Following the removal of all but one anomalous item from Site-26 during decommissioning procedures, Site-26 was unexpectedly disconnected from the power grid under deliberate sabotage by an unknown party. Site-26 did not start its emergency generator, prompting attempts at contacting the Site. After 3 hours of no response, emergency response teams arrived at the Site to find that a manual lockdown had been initiated. Universal Task Force-22, being the closest available team to deal with such an incident, was called in to investigate.

>

> 

> **Incident Investigation Report + Video Log**

> 

> 4 hours after the beginning of the incident (17:45 GMT), UT-22 arrived and assembled at the Southern Entrance to Site-26. The team was composed of 6 members:

> 

> **UT-Coyote:**

> 32, Male, Designated as team leader. Equipped with a secondary night vision recording device as well as the standard issue loadout.

> 

> **UT-Collie:**

> 26, Male, Designated as a communications operator. Equipped with a primary night vision live feed device and the team's communications equipment as well as a standard issue loadout.

> 

> **UT-Fox:**

> 23, Female, Designated as fire support. Equipped with a standard issue loadout.

> 

> **UT-Ocelot:**

> 26, Male, Designated Specialist. Equipped with mission-specific equipment as well as a standard issue loadout.

> 

> **UT-Wolf:**

> 52, Male, Designated as fire support. Equipped with a standard issue loadout.

> 

> **UT-Fallow:**

> 24, Male, Designated as fire Support. Equipped with a standard issue loadout.

> 

> ~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~

>

> 

>

> **Video and Audio Transcription:**

> 

> [After setting up their equipment at the entrance to Site-26, three members of the task force were sent down the elevator shaft via pulley system. UT-Collie activates his live feed body camera.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Ugh, why do we always have to go in head first? I fucking swear Kincade never gets a crumb of dirt on his boots."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Yeah but you never bring that up to him face to face do you?"

> 

> **Fox:** "Well- I-"

> 

> **Collie:** "Two more feet!"

> 

> **Fox:** "Point is that I don't want to compromise mission effectiveness with an argument."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Oh right, yeah. *'mission effectiveness.'*"

> 

> [All three members of the team reach the bottom of the elevator shaft and are standing on the ceiling of the elevator car. Collie and Ocelot begin to pry open the emergency hatch on the top of the car, upon doing so, Collie recoils.]

> 

> **Collie:** "Agh, what is that god-awful smell?"

> 

> **Fox:** "Alright, masks on ladies."

> 

> [Fox and Ocelot proceed to fit their gas masks and jump down into the interior of the elevator car while Collie waits for the rest of the team to finish their descent. Upon the rest of the team reaching the car, Ocelot and Fox begin to pry open the elevator doors.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "That fuckin' smell, Jesus."

> 

> **Collie:** "I know right?"

> 

> [The rest of the team begins to fit their masks.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Collie, you know it's your job to tell us about these things *before* we jump headfirst into them, right?"

> 

> **Fox:** "Yeah right, 'headfirst'. No mention of the royal red carpet."

> 

> **Coyote:** "You aren't exactly royal quality, Fox."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Anyway, everyone's night vision working?"

> 

> **Collie:** "Affirmative."

> 

> **Fallow:** "Yep."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Yes, sir."

> 

> **Fox:** "Could I have opened that door otherwise?"

> 

> **Wolf:** "Mhm."

> 

> [The team proceeds, entering the entrance hall, approaching he front gate.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "It's completely sealed, notify Control I'm gonna have to cut it open."

> 

> **Collie:** "Copy that."

> 

> [The team requests to use a heavy-duty blow torch to cut through the front gate. Control accepts the request and Ocelot begins to cut through the metal.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Might wanna take a few more steps back, this'll have a bit more umpf than-"

> 

> [The rest of the team begin to cover their eyes while backing away from Ocelot.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Jesus, no fucking kidding!"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Some prior warning would've been nice."

> 

> **Fallow:** "Yeah, jeez, might need glasses after that. Gunnin' for me to look like Velma Dinkley?"

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Hey uh-"

> 

> **Fox:** "Yeah, be more considerate next time Oce'."

> 

> **Fallow:** "You're the one always going on about being polite."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Guys- I really-"

> 

> **Fox:** "C'mon don't interrupt the man!"

> 

> **Fallow:** "You're so rude, always going on about not talking too much, and now you-"

> 

> [Wolf thrusts Fallow and Fox aside as he moves toward the door, utilizing a crowbar to leverage the cut-out section of the gate to fall through to the other side.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Wolf has a point, you two chit-chat too much. We have a job to do."

> 

> **Fox:** "Aye aye, cap'n."

> 

> [The team begins to vault through the sizable gap now present in the front gate, entering the Southern Entrance Checkpoint. Fox enters first and begins to walk toward the security booth after noticing that the door had been completely ripped off. The rest of the team gather around Coyote who is standing close to the front gate, seemingly none of them notice the condition of the door.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Alright, Command says this is where the manual lockdown was initiated, look around to-"

> 

> **Fox:** "Hey uh- hey uhm-"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Zip it, Fox, that's an order. Now, Wolf-Fallow, you two move ahead and secure the-"

> 

> **Fox:** "Oh just get in here... please."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Why would you-"

> 

> [Coyote, Collie, and Ocelot make their way into the security booth, now noticing the state of the door. Fox is leaning on the wall purposefully viewing away from the desk; clinging to the manual lockdown lever is a crudely severed hand. Collie goes to point the camera to something on the floor but is stopped by Coyote who redirects it upwards.]

> 

> **Collie:** "Control, this is UT-Collie, we have a confirmed casualty, please advise."

> 

> [Control contacts the team, advising them to follow protocol Amber U-R-S.]

> 

> **Collie:** "Copy that. Amber U-R-S."

> 

> **Fox:** "I think I stepped in... fuck - I'm sorry - I just... wasn't ready to-"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Wolf, get her out of here."

> 

> [Wolf enters the room and gently grabs Fox by the arm, escorting her out of the room.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Is everybody else able to handle some blood?"

> 

> [Collie and Ocelot both turn to Coyote and nod.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "'Right then, good. Wolf - once Fox is calmed down, take her and Fallow to search through to the next wing. Ocelot, can you access the system here?"

> 

> [Ocelot approaches the desk and begins to inspect the equipment.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Collie, ask Command if they have any fuckin’ idea what did this."

> 

> [Collie contacts Control, and Control responds informing the team that they are not aware of anything capable of inflicting the observed damage still within the Site; advising further caution.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Noted. Oce’ - any luck with accessing the system?"

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Normally I'd be able to from here but the power's completely drained, looks like the manual lockdown took the last of the reserve."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Collie, ask Command if we can get power back on any time soon."

> 

> **Collie:** "Control, requesting the status of power to the facility."

> 

> [Control responds, informing the team that the Site isn't connected to any sufficient infrastructure to supply exterior power due to the power lines having been cut by an unknown party, and that they'll have to restart the Site's generator manually.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Wolf, Fallow, you two get that?"

> 

> **Fallow:** "Reading you loud and clear."

> 

> [Coyote raises his voice and leans out of the security booth door.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "How's the hall lookin'?"

> 

> **Fallow:** "It's clear, but the next room isn't. Door's wide open, can see right down into it."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Nothing bitey?"

> 

> **Fallow:** "Not unless we're suddenly in a Romero flick."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Copy that, we'll pack up here."

> 

> [Coyote, Ocelot, and Collie make their way into the hallway where Fallow and Wolf are standing guard. Fox is leaning on the wall of the hallway. Coyote signals for the group to head further into the facility.]

> 

> [Wolf approaches Fox and puts his hand on her shoulder.]

> 

> **Wolf:** "You think you can manage? You're not usually like this."

> 

> **Fox:** "Yeah, it's all good. I just wasn't expecting something... like that... y'know? This was supposed to be a get the kitten from the tree type'a deal. I-uh... I don't... I honestly thought that smell was just a gas leak or something. Spooked me is all."

> 

> **Wolf:** "It's understandable. Just watch my six until you feel better."

> 

> **Fox:** "Mhm."

> 

> [The team enters the next room, the door has been bashed down from its hinges and is lying on the floor in the previous hallway. Two bodies possessing lacerations to their back are lying face-first on the floor in the middle of the room. Fox slows down and raises the back of her hand to her face, but quickly returns to her previous posture.]

> 

> **Collie:** "I'd reckon from the way they're laying there that they were trying to get into the security office; try and lock the door behind 'em."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Seems like whatever did this had the same idea."

> 

> 

> [Ocelot and Fallow enter the next room ahead of the rest of the team. Suddenly Fallow stops.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "We got two doors here."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "If you'd bothered to look at the map, that's a supply closet."

> 

> [Fallow turns to the door and looks over his shoulder toward Ocelot as he opens it.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "Never know, might find something important, mister map ma- JESUS."

> 

> [Fallow backs up, aiming his gun toward the supply closet. Coyote, Wolf, and Collie storm toward the closet while Ocelot and Fox watch their backs.]

> 

> [The team crowd the doorway into the closet, a torso dangling face down from a vent and a mass of viscera on the floor is briefly seen before the live feed is faced away.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "From the uh- from the looks of it they were trying to use the vents to get around."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "And something didn't wanna wait its turn."

> 

> **Fallow:** "Poor fuckers... vent grate turned into a potato mashe-"

> 

> **Fox:** "Can- can we not?"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Oce' where's that vent lead?"

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Maybe they weren't trying to get to the security office? This vent leads to get to the North Entrance Lobby, it's like a big atrium. Designated as this Site's emergency assembly area, right next to the Main Security Office too."

> 

> **Wolf:** "If they try to get there, why crawl away from it?"

> 

> [Coyote looks down, gesturing his foot along a smear of blood stains on the floor.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Blood stains move toward where we came in." 

> 

> **Fallow:** "Remind me why we didn't use the North Gate if that's where we need to go?"

> 

> **Wolf:** "Most obvious, defensible position. Good for ambush."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Yeah, they keep it sealed when this sorta thing happens. Better to go in at the flanks. Plus, it'll be easier to evacuate them once we confirm everybody's there."

> 

> **Fallow:** "*If.*"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Fair do's, it was kind of a guessing game as to where they'd be anyway, 'pulled the lockdowns at every single gate." 

> 

> **Collie:** "You mean there were multiple?"

> 

> **Coyote:** "At every entrance, West was the last one to pull the switch."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Outdated design, if you ask me, but *who - am - I - to know*."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Right, a plan: we go turn the power on then make our way to the Lobby. If anyone there's still alive we split up - one half keeps 'em under guard and the other half go to the Main Security Office and do what we can from there. Should give us a decent position and a vantage point to know what we're lookin' at before the literal clean-up crews arrive."

> 

> **Coyote:** "We clear on that?"

> 

> **Collie:** "Affirmative."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Affirmative, sir."

> 

> **Fallow:** "Copy that."

> 

> **Fox:** "Sounds good."

> 

> [Wolf nods.]

> 

> [The team move through the nearby door. There is a closed-off corridor behind the team in the opposite direction to where they are headed.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Fox - Wolf, check the corridor behind us. Have Oce' lock it down if you don't spot anything so our backs are secure."

> 

> [Fox and Wolf move down the corridor behind the rest of the team, opening a door at its terminus. They inspect the room on the other side. Fox pauses and readies her firearm, she turns to Wolf as if expecting something before speaking.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Got a trail of blood, all the doors are closed."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Wolf, follow the trail, check if someone's still breathing on the other end."

> 

> [Wolf nods and begins making his way into the room following the blood trail into a small sub-section of the room split off by a glass wall. He goes out of view of the camera. Soon after, Wolf walks back into view and past Fox, standing in the doorway.]

> 

> **Wolf:** "Dead."

> 

> **Fox:** "Care to elaborate?"

> 

> **Wolf:** "Bloodloss."

> 

> [Fox looks at Wolf and tilts her head slightly.]

> 

> **Fox:** "From what?"

> 

> [Wolf pauses for a second.]

> 

> **Wolf:** "Hmgh... Bite."

> 

> [Wolf walks back toward the rest of the team, Fox turns to cover Ocelot who begins to seal the door behind them.]

> 

> [Wolf whispers into Coyote's ear, Coyote promptly grips his gun tightly.]

> 

> [After Fox and Ocelot finish, Coyote directs the team to move toward the Generator Room, they begin moving toward their destination with Fox and Wolf covering the team's six.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Ocelot, how long till we get to the Generator?"

> 

> [Ocelot looks down at a map he's holding in his hands, trailing his finger along the print.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "There's a set of stairs going down there, just a few minutes walk... but we'll have to get through another security checkpoint..."

> 

> [Ocelot suddenly stops, reaching his arm out toward Coyote.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "What's the holdup?" [The rest of the team stops.]

> 

> [Ocelot points to an area on the map directly ahead of them.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "I didn't think such an old building would have this but... checkpoint's got automatic turrets. 5.56×45mm."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Won't matter will it? power's cut."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Says here they're not on the main generator or the grid, they have their own battery in case of... well... this."

> 

> **Fallow:** "Well, shit."

> 

> [Coyote turns to Collie, standing directly in front of the camera.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Collie, contact Command and ask if there's a way to disable those turrets."

> 

> [Collie nods and contacts Control]

> 

> **Collie:** "Control, is there any way to disable the-" [Collie grabs the map from Ocelot.] "-the two 5.56×45mm turrets at Security Checkpoint 2A-22?"

> 

> [Control responds, informing the team to head to the area and inspect the security checkpoint while they figure out a way to disable the turrets.]

> 

> **Collie:** "Control says they're workin' on it, says we should head there in the meantime."

> 

> **Coyote:** "We can hear 'em too, buddy."

> 

> **Collie:** "Oh- yeah. heh."

> 

> [Coyote signals for the group to move out toward the security checkpoint, they arrive and pause in front of the door leading to the room.]

> 

> **Collie:** "Control, you got anythin'?"

> 

> [Control responds, informing the team to inspect the checkpoint.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "Are they nuts?! you said there were turret-"

> 

> [Coyote hushes Fallow and puts his hand on the manual door control. Signaling for the team to rush backward. The team runs to the other end of the hall and Coyote opens the door, taking cover at the adjacent corner.]

> 

> [The team pauses in anticipation while taking cover. The turrets are out of view of the camera due to Collie's hunched position.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Well, what'd you see?"

> 

> **Fox:** "Jesus Christ..."

> 

> [Wolf stands up and begins walking toward Coyote.]

> 

> [Wolf grabs Coyote and positions him to view the room, Collie walks up behind them.]

> 

> **Wolf:** "Not good."

> 

> **Fallow:** "What'd you mean, this is great news."

> 

> [The room comes into view of the camera, both automatic turrets are ripped out from the ceiling and smashed on the floor, with the wiring for the turrets hanging from the gaps in the ceiling above them.]

> 

> **Wolf:** "It means that these-" [Wolf nods to his gun, bashing it lightly against Fallow's own weapon.] "-These just became useless."

> 

> [Coyote walks into the room, kneeling down.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Well..." [Coyote trails his finger along the floor, coating it in an viscous substance.] "At least we know it bleeds."

> 

> **Wolf:** "Ant bites you, you bleed, yes?"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Salient point."

> 

> [The team enters the room and closes the door behind them. Coyote and Wolf turn to the security booth.]

> 

> **Fox:** "So, how are we getting through?"

> 

> [Wolf points to the smashed glass window of the security booth.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Conveniant."

> 

> [Wolf walks up to the booth slowly and aims around the corner into the booth's interior.]

> 

> **Wolf:** "Clear."

> 

> [The rest of the team vault into the booth, Wolf holds a finger to his mouth and nods toward Fox as they do so.]

> 

> [As Fox lifts her leg over the wall, Wolf tilts her head toward the ceiling and helps her across. The sound of squelching is audible.]

> 

> **Fox:** "God... it feels like I'm walking through oatmeal."

> 

> **Wolf:** "You do that often then?"

> 

> [Fox snickers, as they then exit the booth to the other side of the checkpoint.]

> 

> **Collie:** "Stairs are just ahead."

> 

> [The team begins to walk down several flights of stairs, Coyote and Fallow at the helm of the group checking each turn before continuing downwards. A majority of the steps have large pieces of material broken off at their edges.]

> 

> [They exit on the bottom floor, exiting into a maintenance tunnel.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Good thing we have these." [Ocelot taps his night vision equipment.] "It's just down here." [He points down the tunnel.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "It wouldn't be any darker here though, tiger."

> 

> [Ocelot turns to him and shakes his head.]

>  

> [The team continues walking, as they reach the corner Wolf and Coyote take the lead and check it.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Clear, move in."

> 

> [The team enters the generator room, the equipment is severely damaged with large gashes on most surfaces, and multiple consoles are completely torn apart. Embers are present amongst the debris, the floor covered in soot.]

> 

> **Fox:** "What in the fuck."

> 

> **Coyote:** "I'm assuming we can't use this?

> 

> **Ocelot:** "This place is totaled."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Well at least have a look around and try to see if anything's still working."

> 

> [Ocelot nods and begins searching the room. Briefly disappearing from view.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "Coyote, we've got a body over here."

> 

> [Coyote and Collie walk around a corner, viewing a body sitting at the edge of a buildup of soot and debris.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Doesn't look injured."

> 

> **Collie:** "Definitely didn't burn to death. Hey-did you check his pulse?"

> 

> **Fallow:** "Yep, he's dead."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Smoke from the fire must've done it. Not sure why he isn't torn to ribbons like the others though - the thing or whatever was definitely in here with him."

> 

> [Fox walks up behind the group.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Maybe it was spooked by the fire?"

> 

> **Coyote:** "May-be..."

> 

> [Coyote raises his voice to call out to Ocelot across the room.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Hey- Oce! You find anything?!"

> 

> [Ocelot comes stumbling over, carrying a heavy piece of equipment in his hands, he motions for the team to return to where he came from. The team follows.]

> 

> **Fox:** "What on earth is that?"

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Mobile power source - think of it like a big ass battery."

> 

> [Ocelot bends down and plugs the equipment into the wall.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Great news! 'switchboard's still intact."

> 

> [Ocelot flips a switch on the equipment and stands up.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "What's it good for?"

> 

> **Ocelot:** "We'd be able to some power to a few systems, also good for killing my back."

> 

> [Coyote nods and ponders for a moment.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Send it to the Main Security Office and the Lobby, we'll go up there and use the cameras to see if anyone's still alive."

> 

> [Ocelot pulls down several large switches on the wall and an audible humming is emitted around them.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Sounds like it worked."

> 

> **Fox:** "Fine and dandy!"

> 

>**Coyote:** "Considering... well... this..." [Coyote gestures to the damaged equipment.] "-And what we found earlier... I'm saying we get to the security office as quickly as possible."

> 

> [Ocelot takes the map off of Collie and hunches over it.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Considering it's directly above us... 'quickest route would be through the elevator."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Alright, lead us there."

> 

> [The team exits the Generator Room and moves down the maintenance tunnels.]

> 

> **Collie:** "Wait - how are we gonna use the elevator?"

> 

> **Fox:** "Remember how we came in?"

> 

> **Fallow:** "Thought we left our stuff for this shit at the entrance."

> 

> **Coyote:** "This one..." [Coyote walks into the elevator and opens the hatch on the ceiling, leaning into the elevator shaft.] "...has a ladder."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "How'd you know that?"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Think you're the only one who can glance at a map?"

> 

> [Coyote pulls himself into the elevator shaft and extends a hand to Ocelot who promptly takes it. Ocelot climbs up the ladder, Coyote extends a hand to Wolf and both begin to ascend. Fallow pauses and extends a hand down to Fox.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "M'lady."

> 

> **Fox:** "Eugh, Kincade can you come back down and give me a hand?"

> 

> **Fallow:** "I am insulted."

> 

> **Coyote:** "You wish, hurry it up down there!"

> 

> [Fallow begins climbing up the ladder.]

> 

> [Fox jumps, grasping onto the ledge, but fails to pull herself up all the way.]

> 

> [Collie approaches her and gives her a boost, allowing her to pull herself up onto the roof of the elevator car.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "Oh okay, you'll let him help you but not me?"

> 

> **Fox:** "I did just say I'd prefer *Kincade* to you."

> 

> **Coyote:** [Calling from the top of the shaft.] "No luck with the ladies, no luck with GETTING THE HELL UP HERE!"

> 

> [Fallow begins climbing faster as Fox and Collie begin their ascent.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "I'm sure she'd rather have Wolf carry her around anyway."

> 

> **Fox:** "Shut up!"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Finally, a decent fucking opinion."

> 

> [The rest of the team reaches the top of the shaft.]

> 

> [Wolf pulls Coyote away from the others and leans in, talking to him. Coyote turns to the rest of the team and then back to Wolf. He nods before turning back again.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Alright, we ready to move? Good. Fox and Wolf, you're on our 12. Fallow, watch our backs. I want us in there within the next minute, not a single holdup."

> 

> [The team begins moving toward the Main Security Office with Fox and Wolf at the front of the group, closely followed by Coyote and Collie.]

> 

> [Wolf approaches Fox, touching her shoulder.]

> 

> **Wolf:** "Don't let him push your buttons."

> 

> **Fox:** [Leaning in toward Wolf.] "Kincade didn't tell you to tell me that did he?"

> 

> **Wolf:** "No, he just wanted to put you back on a security detail. Get a new gunner."

> 

> **Fox:** [Whispering.] "What?! that's bullshit - you know-"

> 

> **Wolf:** "He has a point. You are very mouthy, immature at times. Loose cannon. Rebel. He understood that the incident in Blair Atholl, he did..."

> 

> [Fox further lowers her voice, leaning in toward Wolf.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Yeah, no shit. They treated her like an animal. Did he expect me to just stand by and watch? A fucking dog cage that's what it was."

> 

> **Wolf:** "...He did, he even took the fall for you, but it's a repeated sentiment... plus the immaturity? You are on thin rope with him."

> 

> **Fox:** "So what? why haven't you thrown me out again if I'm just some fuckup."

> 

> **Wolf:** "No. You're not. I convinced him to let you stay."

> 

> [Fox looks up to Wolf, slowing her pace to a walk.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Why?"

> 

> **Wolf:** "Because I don't trust anyone to watch my back as much as you. Good heart. *You remind-*... You're our best shot, kid."

> 

> [Wolf pushes her forward.]

> 

> **Wolf:** "Now, pick up the pace and stop the quips."

> 

> [Coyote picks up his pace and moves closer to Wolf.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "She understand?"

> 

> **Wolf:** "Yeah, I think so."

> 

> [Coyote stops, allowing Ocelot and Collie to catch up to him.]

> 

> **Fallow:** [Raising his voice from some distance behind the team.] "What're you lot yapping about?"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Talking to Command- you want bedding in a local place or a hotel after we're debriefed?"

> 

> **Fallow:** "Local places here are usually pretty alright."

> 

> [Coyote gives a thumbs up.] 

> 

> [The team arrives at a junction, on their right is the Lobby to the North Entrance, and to their left is the entrance to the Main Security Office. Light is emanating from both. Collie walks cautiously to the right.] 

> 

> **Collie:** "Barricaded. Actually held up it seems. No way into it... though the lights are definitely on..."

> 

> **Ocelot:** "Good to know I didn't waste my back on nothing."

> 

> **Wolf:** "You do not notice?"

> 

> **Collie:** "Hm?"

> 

> [Wolf gestures his rifle toward the barricade.]

> 

> **Wolf:** "It's barricaded from outside. Strange, no?"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Might as well check."

> 

> [Coyote approaches the barricaded entrance to the Lobby area. The barricade blocks view of the interior.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "This is Universal Task Force-22, if anybody is inside, respond immediately."

> 

> [There is no response.]

> 

> 

> **Coyote:** "Alright, everyone into the security office."

> 

> [As the team makes their way into the Main Security Office, they switch off their night vision equipment and slide it off of their faces. Passing through a front desk area, they come to a flight of stairs. Coyote holds his arm out, and the group pauses.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "This is Universal Task Force-22, If anyone is up there, respond now."

> 

> [There is no response.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "One final warning: me and my team are coming up."

> 

> [The team begins to move up the stairs, turning the corner there the room is devoid of any sign of a struggle. A door leading to a staircase down into the Lobby area is closed.]

> 

> **Collie:** [Collie begins to remove his gasmask.] "Good to have light again."

> 

> [Fallow, Fox, and Wolf likewise remove their gas masks, taking a moment to get used to the lighting. Wolf moves away from the rest of the team.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "Can finally breathe."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Oce', check the cameras - Fallow, see if you can get that door open."

> 

> **Wolf:** "I wouldn’t do that if I were you."

> 

> [Wolf is over by an internal window overlooking the Lobby.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "See something?"

> 

> **Wolf:** "Remember that vent?"

> 

> [Coyote walks over to the window, beside Wolf.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Fallow- hold- hold off on the door. Would ya?"

> 

> [Coyote removes his gas mask and leans his back against the window.]

> 

> **Fallow:** "It's sealed anyway. Deadlocked."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Good."

> 

> [Coyote turns, visibly shaken, he reaches for his flask and takes a drink of water.]

> 

> [Wolf walks over to the cameras beside Ocelot.]

> 

> **Fox:** "They were all in there, huh?"

> 

> [Wolf waits for the cameras to boot up before manually turning the feed of the Lobby off.]

>   

> **Ocelot:** "Hey! Kincade!"

> 

> **Coyote:** "Gimmie' a minute here-"

> 

> **Ocelot:** "No-seriously! look!"

> 

> [Ocelot directs the group's attention to one of the cameras, most of the cameras are in complete darkness, but one of the screens shows a small amount of light within the camera's view.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "That's a person- it has to be. Right?"

> 

> **Coyote:** "I-uh-I guess yeah- it could be I suppose."

> 

> [Wolf walks up to Coyote and strongly pats him on the back twice.]

> 

> **Wolf:** "We'd had better go check that out then, pronto."

> 

> [Coyote wipes his face with his hand and stands up straight, turning around to face the team.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Ocelot, where is that light coming from?"

> 

> **Ocelot:** "The Western Enterance; security room!"

> 

> [Coyote walks over to Collie and utilizes the communications equipment.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Command, please advise."

> 

> [Control advises the team to announce their presence via intercom. Control states that Red U-R-S is now in effect, and that reinforcements are en route but that the safety of personnel should be prioritized above that of the Task Force. The team is instructed to proceed with caution. Coyote motions for Collie to utilize the intercom system within the security checkpoint, Collie complies.]

> 

> **Collie:** "This is Universal Task Force-22, we have entered the facility. If you can hear this announcement, do not attempt to locate us, we will come to you. Stay put."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Right then, let's move it! Wolf and Fox you're on our backs - Fallow you're on me! - Oce' - you keep. us in the right direction!"

> 

> [The team nods, re-equipping their night vision gear. The majority of the team keeps their gas masks removed, save for Ocelot. They promptly move out of the security office, making their way through the halls toward the Western Entrance. The team move quickly and have no interruptions on their way to the area, eventually coming to a junction with 4 exits.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "It's just on the other side of that door, down the hall from there."

> 

> [Coyote nods and positions himself and Fallow at the door, guns ready.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Cover us, we're going in. Collie, make sure command is seein' this."

> 

> [Collie follows close behind Coyote and Fallow as they open the door, revealing the source of light to be coming from the interior of a barricaded security office at the end of the hall, abutting the West Entrance Gate. A figure identified as ████████ is standing in the room illuminated by a small battery-fed lamp. Behind ████████ is the silhouette of SCP-6479 on the wall. The lamp continuously flickers and ████████ approaches the window, banging his fist against it frantically whilst looking toward the team. He is attempting to speak, but is not audible.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Stay where you are! we're here to help!"

> 

> [████████ waves his hands over his head and points toward the team. SCP-6479 is seen moving toward the lamp as it flickers. The lamp suddenly falls onto the floor and the light cuts out. A scream can be heard emanating from the room followed by shattering glass. Movement can be discerned, though the source is not clear from the footage. Coyote primes his gun and shouts.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "OPEN FIRE! NOW!"

> 

> [Fallow, Coyote, and Fox immediately begin to fire their weapons down the hall, soon followed by Collie and Ocelot firing their handguns. The footage as a result becomes less coherent.]

> 

> [A large quadrupedal entity resembling an extraordinarily large canine, from now on referred to as SCP-6479-2, closes the distance between itself and the team in seconds.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "GET OUT OF ITS WAY!"

>  

> [Coyote ducks to the side, as SCP-6479-2 lunges into Fallow, pinning him to the ground. More gunfire originates from behind the camera, several bullets hit SCP-6479-2 as it stalls, the source of the gunfire presumed to be Wolf.]

> 

> **Ocelot:** "FUCK-FUCK WHAT IS THA-"

> 

> [Fallow lets out a wheeze; his ribcage is seen to be crushed inward by SCP-6479-2's front legs. SCP-6479-2 holds his body in its mouth, flicking its neck to the side and back, the body is thrown through the hall, directly hitting Ocelot and knocking him to the ground.]

> 

> [Coyote and Collie begin moving backward, continuing to fire their weapons at the entity.]

> 

> [SCP-6479-2 then rams into Collie and Coyote, knocking them both down. Collie stops moving and is presumed unconscious.]

> 

> [From the new angle of the feed, Fox and Wolf can be seen stepping back while continuing to fire their weapons into SCP-6479-2, Wolf soon covering for Fox as she reloads her firearm.]

> 

> [SCP-6479-2 thrashes its head toward Ocelot, pinned underneath Fallow's corpse, - biting down on his skull - it pulls back, decapitating him. Coyote regains his posture and fires his sidearm into the back of its head. Several yelps are audible.]

> 

> [Coyote is kicked down by SCP-6479-2's hind leg, falling onto his back.]

> 

> [Turning its attention toward Fox and Wolf, SCP-6479-2 makes a swift swiping motion toward Fox with its foreleg, Wolf intervenes and leaps in front of Fox, grasping her by the waist and pulling them both down toward the ground. SCP-6479-2's claws lacerate Wolf's back as its foreleg slams into the wall beside them, causing a large indentation in the concrete. Wolf then moves back while still grasping Fox, pulling them both away from view.]

> 

> [Coyote looks toward Ocelot's corpse before kicking one of SCP-6479-2's hindlegs, drawing its attention and allowing him to skirt around toward Ocelot's body. Grabbing a flashlight from Ocelot's utility belt, Coyote shines it toward SCP-6479-2 causing it to demanifest.]

> 

> [Coyote looks side to side and then up toward the ceiling, trailing a shadow (presumed to be SCP-6479) moving on the wall before the head of SCP-6479-2 descends from above him, biting into his shoulder. The flashlight falls from his hand. Coyote draws a knife and impales its left eye, with its jaws unclenching as a result.]

> 

> [Coyote collapses to the ground but manages to narrowly evade another attack. He begins crawling backward, grasping toward the flashlight. SCP-6479-2 presses its paw onto the side of Coyote's torso, impairing him from reaching the flashlight.]

> 

> [Wolf appears in the adjacent doorframe, firing point blank into SCP-6479-2 in an attempt to save Coyote. SCP-6479-2 thrashes widely toward Wolf, knocking his gun from his arms and slicing clean through his stomach area, partially exposing the side of his intestines which begin to slump outward from the wound. SCP-6479-2 lunges toward Wolf and bites the side of his torso.]

> 

> [Several gunshots come from behind Wolf, two bullets hitting SCP-6479-2 in its open eye-wound, causing it to fumble and loosen its grip on Coyote.]

> 

> [Coyote quickly thrusts himself toward the flashlight, grasping it and shining it in the direction of SCP-6479.]

> 

> [SCP-6479-2 demanifests as light from the flashlight fills the hallway. Fox can be seen grabbing Wolf and pulling him from view. Coyote hastily crawls backward out of the hall, continuing to shine the flashlight. The door is promptly closed.]

> 

> [Shortly after this, the secondary recording device was activated, ending the feed from Collie's perspective. This footage was not a live feed, Control did thus not have contact with the team at this time. A thick smear of blood over the lens of the secondary recording device obscures view momentarily before Coyote wipes the lens, restoring view. Fox can be seen leaning on the wall across from Coyote's perspective, holding Wolf with one arm and aiming her side arm toward the door between herself and Coyote.]

> 

> [The door is suddenly ripped from its hinges, being thrown across the room. SCP-6479-2 rapidly moves through the doorframe, past the team, and into the conjoining corridor before Fox or Coyote could react. The camera view pans toward the corridor, Coyote shining the flashlight in its direction; the rear of SCP-6479 is visible for a brief moment. The door to the hallway lays on the ground, crumpled and shattered.]

> 

> [Fox and Coyote both stare in the direction SCP-6479 had gone. Heavy breathing can be heard coming from Coyote. Fox turns to Wolf and then to her bag.]

> 

> [Fox removes a pair of flares and lights them, throwing them into the center of the room. She deactivates her NVGs, sliding them off of her face.]

> 

> **Coyote:** [Inaudible - Heavy Breathing.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Hey! You in there? Can you hear me?"

> 

> **Coyote:** [Inaudible.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Hey, breathe, in and out. I need you."

> 

> 

> **Coyote:** "Uh-huh yeah... what is it?"

> 

> **Fox:** "Can control still hear us?"

> 

> [Coyote takes a moment to collect himself before answering, ripping off his NVGs. Heavy breathing is still audible against the recording device.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "I-uh-no, no it's just the backup, it's not liv-"

> 

> [Coyote inhales sharply, clutching the side of his chest. He pauses for a moment.]

> 

> 

> **Fox:** "Shit. You good?"

> 

> **Coyote:** "They can't hear us-AGH... we can't hear them."

> 

> [Coyote taps the recording device.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Here."

> 

> [Fox rolls an intravenous analgesic injector toward Coyote, which stops at the heel of his foot.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Stay there."

> 

> [Fox gets up and walks into the open hallway between them, rummaging is audible for several minutes.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Wait- be careful, Cherie? Cher!"

> 

> [There is no response from Fox.]

>  

> [Coyote sighs, looking down, he grasps the syringe. Rolling up his sleeve, he injects it into his arm. He looks back toward the door Fox had gone through.]

>  

> **Coyote:** "Cher!"

> 

> [There is no response.]

> 

> [Coyote wraps his clothing around his wounds, fashioning his webbing into a makeshift splint. He looks toward the door again, shouting louder than he had before.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Cher!"

> 

> **Fox:** [Raised Voice.]  "It went the other way, stupid. Two more minutes. Is Rosya still lucid?"

> 

> [Wolf limply raises his arm into the air, it quickly slumps back down to his side.]

> 

> **Coyote:**  "If-"

>  

> [Coyote takes a deep breath.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "If a kid on a school morning counts as lucid. Sure."

> 

> [Fox walks back into view of the camera, holding an unconscious Collie in her arms. The primary communication equipment is seen dangling from her shoulder.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Look who's making quips now."

> 

>  [Fox crouches down, placing the communications equipment on the ground and resting Collie against the wall beside Wolf as she opens a medical kit.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "*He* Breathing?"

> 

> [Fox removes Collie's helmet and vest, inspecting his condition.]

> 

> **Fox:** "He's actually the least beat out of either of you."

> 

> **Coyote:** "We don't got time- we gotta-"

> 

> **Fox:** "If it wanted us dead, we'd be dead by now. We have the time; he'll bleed out otherwise. Now calm down."

> 

> [Fox shuffles herself over to Wolf, taking out several medical instruments, gauze, and bandages; she begins to tend to Wolf's injuries. Both Fox and Coyote remain silent for around 5 minutes as Fox sanitizes the wounds and begins to apply field stitching.]

> 

> **Fox:** "I'm surprised you remember my name."

> 

> **Coyote:** [Snickering.] "Oh, I remember... there was a story to it, right? three first names."

> 

> [Fox doesn't respond for several moments as she focuses on stitching Wolf's abdominal injury.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Four, if you're counting the confirmation name."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Christ."

> 

> **Coyote:** "I remember he always used Micheale around you, I'm still partial to Cherie myself."

> 

> **Fox:** "Don't tell him, but same."

> 

> [Fox begins to fasten sanitized gauze around Wolf's wounds with bandages.]

> 

> [Collie suddenly regains consciousness, jolting upward.]

> 

> **Collie:** [Inaudible - brief heavy breathing.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Hey, hey, shhh. Calm down. You in there?"

> 

> [Fox leans over to Collie, placing her hand on the back of his head.]

> 

> **Collie:** "Shit-I- [Inaudible.] -where-"

> 

> **Fox:** "No time to explain, deep breaths. I need you to help these two get out of here, they're beat up pretty bad."

> 

> [Fox leans back over to Wolf, re-attending to him.]

> 

> [Collie moves his hand out, grasping Fox's shoulder while she tends to Wolf.]

> 

> **Collie:** "Where's Oce'? "

> 

> **Coyote:** "He didn't make it... and Wolf isn't going to make it unless we act fast. I need you sharp. Pull yourself up and let Fox finish. "

> 

> [Collie stands up and moves toward Coyote, aiding him in standing. Coyote pushes away Collie once he is stood, ushering him to aid Fox, who continues to work on Wolf for several minutes, applying gauze and bandages to his wounds.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Alright that's as good as I can do, Collie you need to get these two out the way we came."

> 

> **Coyote:** "You keep saying *'you two'*"

> 

> [Fox closes up the medical kit, standing up, she turns toward Coyote, pausing before taking a deep breath.]

> 

> **Fox:** "I reckon that thing's running between exits. It's been at every one we've been to. Three so far, one left. Once its gets down there it's going to find another locked gate. Then it'll come back around looking for another way out. Three exits, so that'll be the same way you're going..."

> 

> [Fox points toward Wolf as Collie begins to help him onto his feet, Wolf leans heavily into Collie, obstructing his movement.]

> 

> **Fox:** "In his state, you won't be getting far before it comes running into you."

> 

> **Coyote:** "And you staying here helps how?"

> 

> **Fox:** "It doesn't, I'm going after it."

> 

> [Fox leans down, taking the communication equipment from the floor and fastening it to her vest.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "You won't stop it."

>  

> **Fox:** "I don't need to; just stall it."

>  

> **Coyote:** "What're you talking about?- AghrH!"

> 

> [Coyote clutches his chest, bending over slightly.]

>  

>  **Coyote:** "You-you're not thinking straight, you don't even know you're right. This place is a maze, could come back around. We hide..."

>  

> [Coyote inhales, withholding the rest of his sentence until recuperating.] 

>  

> **Coyote:** "We hide and wait for rescue. That's an order."

>  

> **Fox:** "No."

> 

> **Coyote:** "What?"

> 

> **Fox:** "No."

> 

> **Coyote:** "The fuck are you talking about -  fuck- whatever, we're moving."

> 

> [Coyote grasps Fox's arm, she promptly shoves him away from her, causing him to stumble due to his injuries. Fox quickly grabs his wrist, stabilizing him.]

>  

> **Fox:** "I said no!"

>  

> **Coyote:** "I know- "

>  

> [Coyote swallows, working himself up to speak.]

>  

> **Coyote:** "I know this doesn't get through to you sometimes, but this is serious. It's not the- [Coughing.] -It's not the time to act brave, you should be scared! I'm scared!"

> 

> **Fox:** "Shut up!"

> 

> **Fox:** "I'm scared, okay?! I am! THIS IS ALL MY FAULT!  Is that what you want to hear?!

> Do you think I don't have a hundred fucking things going through my head right now?! I feel like I'm going to vomit..."

> 

> **Collie:** "What?!" [Collie stumbles, but manages to prevent himself and Wolf from falling over.]

> 

> **Fox:** "But you know what? I'm not gonna go hide because of it... "

> 

> **Coyote:** "Cherie-"

> 

> **Fox:** "...When I picked up the radio, it was still on, I don't think they realised; they were talking about sealing the whole place off. Us included."

> 

> **Fox:** "Shut up before you even say it. I didn't want to say it either but they WOULD, THEY WOULD. You saw that shit in Blair Atholl; they fucking would."

> 

> **Fox:** "We hide in here, we die in here. Trapped."

> 

> [There is silence for a few moments. Fox takes a deep breath.]

> 

> **Fox:** "I do this... and they keep it open, if not for me, for you."

> 

> [Coyote embraces Fox, the recording is obstructed as the camera is held up against her chest.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "I'll do it."

> 

> **Fox:** "I'm not chewed up, I can still give it the ol' runaround. Just like you always trained us for."

> 

> [Collie pulls Coyote away from Fox and towards Wolf. Full view of the area is restored.]

> 

> **Collie:** "C'mon, we gotta go."

>  

> [Coyote turns to Collie, handing him the flashlight before pushing him back.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Get him out of here. I'll follow. "

> 

> [Collie supports Wolf, lifting him from under his shoulder. They begin walking, retracing the route the team came from.]

> 

> [Coyote turns back toward Fox. Both remain silent and stare at each other for a moment.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "There's something you've not told me."

> 

> **Fox:**  "What do you want me to say? to tell you? what's the magic word, 'Cade?"

> 

> 

> **Coyote:** "I want to know you'll be alright... but you *can't* just do the sensible thing can you? There's something else, always has been. You could just leave the camera in this room and come with us."

> 

> **Fox:** "I-"

> 

> **Coyote:** "No-no-no, the truth. You said this was your fault, and you're certainly smart enough to know your plan's off the fucking wall. You *want* to go after it. Your game, now, or you're coming with me."

> 

> **Fox:** "I have people, 'Cade."

> 

> [Both Coyote and Fox briefly remain silent.]

> 

> **Fox:** "...After what went down in Blair Atholl, I was about to quit. Couldn't stand it anymore, but they came, told me I had another choice. I could help, and I could still be here with the people I cared about."

> 

> **Fox:** "A while before we got this call, they told me what was going on here. Said we'd get pulled in to clip its wings as usual, but to let it fly, the fuck up strikes again. I-I didn't think it would end up like this, that people would get hurt..."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Why."

> 

> **Fox:** "Personal reasons. Now quick, you know I'm not running in blind, so please just go. Save yourself."

> 

> 

> **Coyote:** "No. You're fucked. Royally fucked. You still haven't even answered me, what's keeping you safe."

> 

> **Fox:** "I know where it's going, you said all the other gates pulled their lockdown switch, right? Why'd it run back to the East if it's already been there... they told me the place was built on some old mineshaft, and take a guess as to where the way down to it is. [Fox reaches into her bag, pulling out a satchel of explosives.] 'told me to blow a way out."

> 

> **Coyote:** "So you know it's down there? and you're still gonna go? You think it's just gonna roll over like a puppy!?"

> 

> **Coyote:** "It's a mindless fucking beast, IT KILLED EVERYONE HERE! IT KILLED OCE'!"

> 

> [Coyote lurches over, grasping onto the door frame, he begins coughing violently, splatters of blood covering the floor. Fox reaches out toward him, Coyote limply raises his hand and she stops. He breathes in at an increasingly slower pace before continuing to talk.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "I- you don't have to do this. I...please Cherie, if not for me or yourself, do it for Amvrosy. You know he told me what it's like - to know that you're the one who gets to live when it's all your fault anybody died at all; how much it eats at you. That doesn't mean you have to die too, he told me that on my first gig...."

> 

> 

> **Coyote:** "...Not convinced. Come with me."

> 

> 

> [Fox sighs, moving backward until leaning on a nearby wall.]

> 

> **Fox:** "When I was a kid..."

> 

> **Coyote:**  "Jesus-"

> 

> **Fox:** "You said convince you, this will, I promise."

> 

> [Coyote leans back onto the opposite wall from Fox, clutching his side.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Cut it short." 

> 

> **Fox:** "When I was a kid, living out in the country, we had this dog. Dad... he... he hated it, I think. I'm not really sure. He never let it outside, never fed it right, put it to bed way too early."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Mhm."

> 

> **Fox:** "It did like Mom though, she loved the thing. Held it all night, fed it leftovers when Dad wasn't looking. 'Sweet thing', she'd call it."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Sounds like a normal life. For a dog."

> 

> **Fox:** "You'd think; one day dad left the doggy gate open, could get into the hall, where the front door was. Then it opened."

> 

> "Mom was in the doorway, tried to stop it. That sweet little dog bit her, badly. Then it ran into the field."

> 

> [Coyote stops leaning on the wall.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "I was never one for parables. Your point being?"

> 

> **Fox:** "Point being I can recongise a desperate animal. Pe-... animals do things without thinking when they're cornered, abused, scared. They don't go looking for trouble, sometimes you're just the only thing between them and freedom. I saw that in Blair Atholl, and I can see it here. "

> 

> [Coyote walks toward Fox, embracing her.]

> 

> **Fox:** "'Cade... I-"

> 

> [Coyote switches on the primary communications equipment attached to Fox. Control begins to demand a status report on the team shortly thereafter.]

> 

> [Coyote grasps fox, turning her around.] 

> 

> **Fox:** "Wait-WHAT ARE YOU-"

> 

> [Coyote puts his hand over Fox's mouth, stopping her from speaking.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Command, Fox, respectfully, shut up."

> 

> [Control goes silent. Fox begins to struggle, the camera feed becomes partially less coherent.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Tell me without any- [Coyote coughs violently, but continues speaking.] b-bullshit, does that door lead directly to the East Exit?"

> 

> [Control informs Coyote that it does indeed lead toward the East Exit.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Is there any way to get from down that hall, to the way we came in, without going through this junction?"

> 

> [Control responds, guaranteeing the area they are in is the only path to the entry point.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Alright then, Command..."

> 

> [Coyote inhales deeply.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Collie and Wolf are on their way, I'm catching up. We'll need medical teams on standby when we're back. Fox is going to distract... whatever that thing is... until we're out. Copy all that?"

> 

> [Control responds, requesting more information.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "No- [cough] no time. She'll explain."

> 

> 

> [Coyote moves away from Fox, grunting, he presses his hand into his side again. The footage switches back to Fox's perspective as the secondary recording device is switched off.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "Hmgh... there you go."

> 

> [Coyote breathes in, then pauses for a moment. Swallowing.] 

> 

> **Coyote:**  "Did-"

> 

> [Coyote wheezes, swallowing again. He lifts his palm, lightly coughing into it. His palm is not visible from the angle of the camera feed, though blood can be seen dripping from his mouth.]

> 

> [Coyote looks over his shoulder, then back toward Fox.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "I'd better catch up."

> 

> [He turns away, and begins to walk out of the room.]

> 

> **Fox:** "That your goodbye?" 

> 

> [Coyote stops in the doorway, but does not turn back to face Fox.]

> 

> **Coyote:** "That dog..."

> 

> 

> **Coyote:** "It end up runnin' free?"

> 

> **Fox:** "No..."

> 

> **Fox:**"...It came back after that. But-"

> 

> **Fox:** "-Mom didn't look at it the same. They got rid of it after a while."

> 

> **Coyote:** "Do what you have to do, Cherie."

> 

> **Fox:** "Yes, Sir."

> 

> [Coyote flips his NVGs over his face and walks out of view, Fox stares at the doorway momentarily, before turning toward the adjacent hallway in which SCP-6479-2 had gone through. She walks into the hallway, then turns back, walking back toward her rifle lying on the ground. She picks it up, holding it in one arm. Walking up to the remains of Fallow and Ocelot, she takes the remaining magazines in Fallow's webbing, along with a flashlight from Ocelot's, attaching it to her rifle. Fox proceeds to follow in the direction of SCP-6479-2, keeping the flashlight on.]

> 

> 

> [Control requests Fox to elaborate on the details of the plan and the current situation. Fox does not slow her pace to talk and her words are thus disjointed.]

> 

> **Fox:**  "Fallow and Oce'... they didn't make it. I don't want to talk about it."

> 

> [Fox enters a corridor perpendicular to the one she was in, she looks from left to right 

> intermittently. She begins searching through the various pouches attached to her vest.]

> 

> 

> **Fox:** "Shit."

> 

> **Fox:** "I left the map. Left or right?"

> 

> [Control informs her to stay put while they consult their map. Fox complies. The wall in front of her is constructed out of glass, she walks closer to it, peering into the office on the other side.]

> 

> [Control instructs her to go left, Fox jolts up from her slouched posture. She turns to her left and continues walking down the corridor.] 

> 

> [Control requests further elaboration on the location of the survivors. Fox once again does not slow down to talk, fumbling over her words as she comes to another bi-directional corridor.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Oh-yeah uh... Wolf, Collie, and Kin- Coyote are on their way out the way we- left or right?"

>  

> [Control responds for her to go right, she pivots her body to the right and quickly begins to walk down the corridor.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Yeah, they're going out the way they came, they're pretty beat up tough, ETA like 20-30 minutes? Not sure."

> 

> [Control requests to know why she isn't escorting them. Fox does not respond until passing into the next junction, she looks to her right, toward an open supply closet.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Left or right?"

> 

> [Control informs Fox to turn left.]

> 

> [Fox complies, turning slowly leftward and walking into the next room.]

> 

> [Fox passes through a set of swing doors, stopping immedietly. Laying face up in front of her on the floor is what initially appeared to be the remains of a woman, later identified as ███████. Fox begins to move forward, but as she steps over ███████, the later convulses. Fox steps back, staring at her.]

> 

> [Fox whispers under her breath, the audio had to be artificially boosted in order to transcribe it.]

> 

> **Fox:** "No no no no no. God, please."

> 

> [███████ reaches up toward Fox, flexing her fingers. She is unable to speak, only a gargle is audible. Fox approaches her, crouching down. Heavy lacerations across her face, rendering her blind, as well as severe blunt force trauma to her torso, are observable.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Can you hear me? Can you walk-"

> 

> [Fox presses her hand onto ███████'s thigh and runs her hand across it, a crunch is audible. Fox pulls her hands back and pauses.] 

> 

> [Control attempt to speak but are quickly cut off by Fox.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Shut up, please. I know what I'm doing."

> 

>  [Fox reaches down to ███████'s opposite leg, tearing a section of clothing off, and hurriedly forming it into a tourniquet. After applying the tourniquet, Fox slides off her backpack from her shoulders. She drops it onto the ground and places it under ███████'s injured leg, lifting it above her torso. Fox then pivots, dragging both ███████ and the backpack, resting her back against the nearby wall.]

> 

> [Fox crouches down and leans into her, inspecting her facial injuries.]

> 

> **Fox:** "It's okay- I-"

> 

> [███████ lunges forward and coughs violently, spraying both the camera and fox in blood. Fox jolts backward out of surprise. She returns her attention to ███████, who has stopped moving. Fox holds two fingers to her neck.]

> 

>  [Fox stands back up, using her heel to kick her backpack toward her before picking it up.]

> 

> [She stands in silence for several minutes.]

> 

> [Fox turns and begins walking again, but is otherwise silent. The camera continues to be obscured and finer details are blurred.]

> 

> [Control request that Fox wipe the camera feed. Fox slows down and wipes the lens, restoring the quality of the recording.]

> 

> [Fox continues walking until stopping inside an open corridor connected to several possible routes. She is initially silent.]

> 

> **Fox:**  "Which way?" 

> 

> [Control denies her request until they receive information on why she isn't escorting the survivors.]

> 

> **Fox:**  "Don't worry about it. Which way?" 

> 

> [Control continues to refuse to collaborate until they are better informed.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Whatever..."

> 

> [Fox chooses to walk to her left, entering the next room over, she sees a closed door in front of her. She steps backward, spinning around and continuing down the right side of the corridor. Fox enters the connected room, finding a door disconnected from its hinges, lying on the floor. She walks through the open doorway, coming into an area with a central glass-walled office, a corridor wrapping around it. Fox walks close to the glass, spotting an open doorway at the other end of the office, similarly, the doors are ripped from their hinges.]

> 

> [Fox walks around the office, through the doorway on the opposite end, and into an open-plan recreational area.]

> 

> [Control again requests Fox disclose her full intentions. Fox does not respond and begins walking around the edges of the recreational area, peering into each open doorway she passes. Entering one to her right, Fox walks down a short hall, stopping in front of three doors. Each has a bathroom symbol attached to it.]

>  

> [Fox sighs and turns around, walking back into the open area. She continues walking around the edge until turning into an archway leading into a junction with four paths.]

> 

> **Fox:** "I don't have time for this, tell me."

> 

> [Control refuse.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Please."

> 

> [Control reaffirms their position.]

> 

> [Fox leans into a wall behind her, inhaling deeply.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Fine, I don't need you. 'Least as long as I'm alive it'll prove you killed them, hopefully, your conscious gets the better of you."

> 

> [Fox turns off the radio receiver on the comms equipment, stopping Control from communicating with her, but still allowing them to view the live feed.]

> 

> [Fox continues straight ahead, entering a security checkpoint. She looks to the side toward a similar window as to which the team had previously climbed through, the glass is likewise shattered. She approaches, leaning over the edge to look inside. There is nothing of note. Fox vaults over, making her way to the other side of the checkpoint.]

> 

> [Fox looks around, standing in a room with multiple routes. She begins to speak but cuts herself off.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Hmm.."

>  

> [Fox looks down, noticing a trail of glass leading from the broken glass in the checkpoint, into an adjacent section. She begins to follow it, allowing her to walk through several more rooms and corridors without directions from Control.]

> 

> [Fox looks at a sign above an archway designating the room ahead as the East Exit. She raises her rifle to her face and proceeds slowly. The set of doors leading into the atrium are lying destroyed on the floor. She steps inside, passing through a metal detector.]

> 

> [Directly in front of Fox is the sealed east gate, a thick metal door that blocks access to the elevator and stairwell. It is covered in deep scratch marks. To her left is a small security booth, and to her right there is a set of dented bar-operated fire doors, a sign beside them reading 'To Maintenance' along with a downward facing arrow.]

> 

> [Fox shines the flashlight attached to her rifle around the atrium from right to left, then right to left. She repeats this several times.]

> 

>  [She then begins moving toward the security booth, at a faster pace than she had been previously moving. She leans in, lighting the interior haphazardly. There is nothing of note.]

> 

> [Fox leans back, and walks across the center of the atrium, walking toward the set of push-bar fire doors. There are several pieces of broken glass around the doors, however, Fox does not seem to pay attention to them.]

> 

> [Fox presses the side of her hip into the push bar, allowing her weight to open the doors, standing against them to keep them open. She tilts her gun down a metal frame stairwell directly in front of her. Fox looks directly to the ground, and can see the bottom of the stairwell through the gaps.]

> 

> [Fox's aim focuses on the door visible through the stairway, it is similar to the one she just entered through, but does not have any sign of damage.]

> 

> [Fox begins jogging quickly down the stairwell, the live recording device becomes worse as she descends. The audio and footage are still mostly legible.]

> 

> [Fox reaches the bottom of the stairwell, approaching the set of closed doors. She brushes her hand against the door. She then pushes on the bar, opens the doors and leans inside the maintenance corridor. She quickly retracts her body and closes the doors.]

> 

> [Fox reactivates the receiver, but the connection is too low quality for her to communicate with Control.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Control?"

> 

> [Inaudible.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Shit." 

> 

> [Fox turns around, initially moving up several stairs before stopping. Visible behind the staircase is a separate stairway leading downward. Fox vaults over the railing to her right, approaching it. She briefly looks up before continuing down. The sides of the stairway give way to an uncovered rock face, Fox passes through a plastic sheet at the bottom of the stairs and begins to cough, lurching over. She grips the gas mask hanging from her webbing, but lets go of it after her breathing returns to normal.]

>  

> [Fox deliberately pans the view of the camera around, showcasing an underground chamber filled with support beams and degraded construction equipment. She moves toward another plastic sheet, passing under a 'no entry' sign, she goes through it. Directly in front of her is a pile of collapsed wooden support beams, Fox crouches down, crawling under them. Only the floor of the cavern is visible for roughly 10 minutes as Fox struggles to move through a tight gap in the debris on her stomach. The recording becomes choppy and only brief segments of audio are legible on a series of still frames. A long narrow section is visible for one frame, the footage remains still on it.]

> 

> [Walking is heard along with intermittent coughing for several minutes. Fox's breathing becomes gradually heavier and more fast-paced. Two more frames of footage are seen, though the angle and lack of clarity suggest Fox is moving erratically. 12 minutes after entering the caves, Fox screams.]

> 

> [There is no further sound for a minute following the scream, at which point steady breathing becomes audible. Several more frames of footage are seen. In front of the camera, lying on the cavern floor, are human remains. In the forefront of the first two of these frames is a skull partly covered by a pot helmet, in the background there are more remains but they are obscured by clothing. The subsequent frames show these at a closer angle, revealing there are six individual bodies. Beside the remains are two rusted swords, and several rotted sticks of wood. The next frame shows Fox leaning around a corner, multiple bone fragments, and a single leather boot are lying in a relatively straight passage in front of her. Intact support beams line the sides and the ceiling of this passage.]

> 

> [The footage becomes more coherent, though still choppy. Fox is now walking down a straight passage lined with wooden support beams. While walking, Fox passes through an intersecting passage to her left and right. There is a large shard of glass lying on the ground to her right, though she walks past this and continues moving forward. Eventually, Fox comes to a pile of rocks and other debris that block the way forward. The support beams here are snapped and charred.]

> 

> [Fox kneels down, opening her backpack. The frames jump to show an explosive device attached to the rocks. The frames jump again, the explosive device has been opened, and Fox is handling exposed circuitry.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Fuck-fuck... come on..."

> 

> [Fox slams her fist into the device, several rocks can be heard falling around her. There is a pause in noise before a single rock is heard falling from behind.]

> 

> [The next frames show Fox standing up and turning around, aiming her rifle and flashlight toward SCP-6479 which is manifested on the floor of the cavern. The immedietly subsequent frames are illegible. The next focused frame shows the face of SCP-6479-2 at the farthest end of the tunnel from Fox, beyond the range of the flashlight. Several minutes pass with little movement, SCP-6479-2 maintains eye contact with Fox.]

> 

> [The camera violently pans down to the ground, the next frames show Fox lying on her knees.]

> 

> [Fox lurches over, a pool of vomit forms on the floor in between frames. She brings her mouth closer to the microphone.]

> 

>  **Fox:** "Fucked up again."

> 

> **Fox:** "Sorry."

> 

> [Foxs breathing becomes shaky, she inhales deeply, and short bursts of breathing continue to be heard in-between gaps in the audio.]

> 

> **Fox:** "Thought I could-" 

> 

> **Fox:** "I just had to- I couldn't just run... it's my..."

> 

> **Fox:** "...I always meant right. P-p-please-please just remember that.

> Not... *this* don't remember me like that, please don't."

>

> 

> [Fox appears to turn off the flashlight attached to her gun.]

> 

> **Fox:** "I let it all out."

> 

> **Fox:** "Felt so boxed in, it gets so hard to breathe."

> 

> **Fox:** "Door opens, you take it, don't matter what's in the way." 

> 

> **Fox:** "Don't think anybody's gonna understand *why* I did it, they never have. Just see *that* I did it. Lose what's left. So please, don't think of me for this."

> 

> **Fox:** "Still worrying about myself..."

> 

> **Fox:** "Maybe *I am* selfi-"

> 

> [The camera pans up as Fox's body falls backward, SCP-6479-2 is inches from Fox, who raises her hand to her face. Moving her hand back down, it pulls a string of saliva.]

> 

> [Fox falls further back, now leaning against the pile of rocks blocking the passage. Both SCP-6479-2 and Fox remain still for a moment. Fox begins slowly moving her hand toward the former, gently caressing the side of SCP-6479-2's muzzle.]

> 

> 

> [Fox pulls her hand away slowly, turning it to face her palm. It is covered in blood. Fox caresses SCP-6479's face again, tracing a slash through its left eye with her thumb.]

> 

> [The camera pans to the left as Fox pivots down, reaching into her medical kit. It pans back.]

> 

> [The live feed is manually cut, presumably by Fox.]

> 

> 

> 

> 

> 

> 

> 

> **Field After-Action Report:**

>

> UT Agent Fox was recovered unconscious, 3 days after the incident, 200 meters from Site-26, severely dehydrated and emaciated. A previously unmarked entrance to the dilapidated mines beneath Site-26 was uncovered, likely having been cleared out by UT Agent Fox over several days as evidenced by her physical condition. An undetonated explosive device was discovered near the entrance, it is believed to have malfunctioned. SCP-6479 was not discovered on site; Mobile Task Force Lamba-7 (Codename: Fox Hounds) has been dispatched to track down and recontain SCP-6479. All other remaining elements of Universal Task Force-22 were recovered without incident at 19:30 on the date of the incident.

>

> Pending update to the containment procedures of SCP-6479 as containment experts review Incident-Log-26-6479.

</details>

<< [SCP-6478](SCP-6478) | SCP-6479 | [SCP-6480](SCP-6480) >>
