**Item #:** SCP-6383

 

**Object Class:** Non-Anomalous

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6383 is stored in a specialised chamber comprised of a combination of materials rating no higher than 0.05%Lowest achievable rating at present on Foundation Anomalous Certainty scales.

**Description:** SCP-6383 is a non-anomalous stop sign, constructed from materials identical to other traditional stop signs throughout the United States. All forms of sentience and near-sentient life (human/anomalous entities/artificial sentience/plant life) have expressed feelings or symptoms of severe discomfort and anxiety when in SCP-6383’s direct presence. This effect is non-anomalous,  and believed to be a fundamental response in nature.  

In contrast to all other forms of existing matter, SCP-6383 has yielded consistently negative results when tested for anomalous properties.

**SCP-6383 Testing Results:**

* Anomaly certainty: 0.00% 

* Potential Object Class: Non-anomalous (100% certainty)

* APME-RatingAnomalous Property Manifestation/Escalation Rating: 00/00% (average APME-Rating for stop signs: ~45/~23%)

In contrast, all other forms of life and other existences in the universe display a minimum of 0.05% when measured for anomalous properties, and at least a 0.03% likelihood of becoming anomalous in the future via various circumstances or happenstance (current anomalous prevention protocols and containment efforts to lessen such occurrences are ongoing).

Due to these inherent properties, SCP-6383’s nature is deemed enigmatic by all sentient beings, causing feelings of dissimilarity towards SCP-6383 in comparison to everything else in existence.

**Discovery Log:** SCP-6383 was discovered following Event-6383-Alpha, a universal reality altering event which resulted in all forms of existence obtaining various anomalous properties. This event had initially gone unnoticed, due to a vast majority of these changes being minute and going unnoticed by the major populationNotable examples: Dr. Wesley growing 1cm taller, a HB pencil becoming a slightly different shade of yellow, a blade of grass that grows 0.02cm faster than others surrounding it, Assistant researcher Agnew being able to manifest a single chicken egg in his hand once and never again, an instance of cane toad that when presented with a bowl of milk every ten hours consecutively for three months will vocalise the phrase “I prefer soy” in Russian (Note: Testing confirmed the toad to not actually be lactose-intolerant), etc.. In response, the Foundation developed the APME-Rating system to confirm changes between baseline normality as compared to before Event-6383-Alpha.

SCP-6383 was found several months after the event, having been the least affected by these alterations. Due to it being the sole “non-anomalous” object remaining from before the event, SCP-6383 has been placed in a specialised “exclusion chamber” to decrease the risks that may come from exposure to the anomalous reality around it.

<< [SCP-6382](SCP-6382) | SCP-6383 | [SCP-6384](SCP-6384) >>

=====

> **Filename:** STOP sign.jpg

> **Author:** Bidgee

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:STOP_sign.jpg)

=====
