**Item #:** SCP-6343

**Object Class:** Neutralized 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6343's containment cell is to be monitored by one guard at all times. Changes in the behavior of SCP-6343 are to be reported to site staff.

No attempts to open or otherwise access SCP-6343 are to be made until further notice.

As of 16/2/21, SCP-6343 is considered neutralized.

**Description:** SCP-6343 is a large rectangular container composed of an anomalously strong form of glass and a wooden base. A small locked hatch is located on the back of SCP-6343, although all attempts to open it have failed. A metal plaque is attached to the base of SCP-6343, with the words 'The Amazing Non-Existing Beast' present on its surface.

Several objects are contained within SCP-6343:

* A wooden chair.

* A pair of shackles, both bolted to the floor. 

* Two metal bowls, both exhibiting signs of previously containing unidentified forms of meat and water, respectively. 

* A key, thought to be used to open the hatch on the back of SCP-6343, although this cannot be tested due to the key's currently unreachable location.

 

The objects within SCP-6343 are commonly moved and struck against the walls in a violent manner, and all show signs of severe damage. Notably, the shackles are in motion near the floor at most times. Noise regularly originates from SCP-6343, including muffled vocalizations and banging on its glass walls.

**Recovery:** SCP-6343 was recovered in a recently-abandoned pawn shop in Halifax, Nova Scotia. A note was found taped onto the object's exterior, which read as follows:

Not sure how the hell this thing works, but it's been 

going apeshit since I dropped the key in yesterday. 

No wonder that guy was in such a hurry to get rid of it. 

For some reason the door-thingy locked itself automatically. 

Could you call someone to get it open?

Thanks.

 

The following is a log of all reported behavior of SCP-6343 during its period of containment: 

| 11/2/21 | Object is first contained. |
| --- | --- |
| 11/2/21 | Muffled yelling, banging on glass. Noises cease at 11:37 PM. |
| 12/2/21 | Previous day's behavior resumes. Metal bowls are interacted with; food waste and water droplets within the bowls appear to de-manifest via unknown means. All behavior ceases at 10:49 PM. |
| 13/2/21 | Previous day's behavior resumes.  Objects now being violently thrown and struck against walls. Behavior ceases at 8:21 PM. |
| 14/2/21 | Behavior resumes, with much less frequency. Vocalizations are reported to sound much less aggressive in tone. Ceases at 5:44 PM. |
| 15/2/21 | Behavior resumes later than normal, now exclusively consists of infrequent moaning. Ceases at 1:30 PM. |
| 16/2/21 | No activity until 9:29 AM, when a loud thump is heard from SCP-6343. Shackles and chair are moved from their prior position. |
All anomalous activity from within SCP-6343 has ceased since 16/2/21, and the glass comprising its walls was able to be easily broken the following day. With the exception of the previously mentioned objects, nothing was found inside.

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

<< [SCP-6342](SCP-6342) | SCP-6343 | [SCP-6344](SCP-6344) >>

@@ @@

@@ @@

=====
