**Item №:** SCP-6532

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All instances of SCP-6532 are to be contained within the Parazoology Habitat at Site-204. Due to the limited number of SCP-6532 instances, dissection for further examination is currently prohibited.

Any reports that indicate an uncontained SCP-6532 instance are to be investigated. Upon the confirmation of an uncontained SCP-6532 instance, Foundation agents are to be dispatched to the area to retrieve it. Any witnesses are to be treated with amnestics.

**Description:** SCP-6532 is the collective designation for 17 sentient human organs capable of independent movement.

SCP-6532 instances possess multiple appendages used for ambulation, as well as structures resembling human facial organs on their surface.Most commonly eyes and mouth SCP-6532 instances are often afflicted with various medical conditions; analysis indicates that SCP-6532 instances contain significantly higher genetic markers for hereditary diseases compared to baseline humans. SCP-6532 instances do not appear to require any sustenance, as instances are never observed to feed. SCP-6532 instances are also highly resistant to bacterial infections and decay. 

Periodically, new instances of SCP-6532 are recovered from North Holland, Netherlands, engaging in various behaviors. Most SCP-6532 instances are docile and will not attempt to resist containment; noncompliant instances will attempt to breach containment by attacking personnel by biting or scratching.  Due to their lack of strength, all escape attempts are unsuccessful.  All attempts to trace the previous owners of SCP-6532 instances have failed.

**Addendum | Abridged List of SCP-6532 instances:**

For the full list, please consult Head Researcher Cornelia Koopman.

> **Instance №:** SCP-6532-1

> 

> **Date of Recovery:** 09/08/2018

> 

> **Description:** Brain afflicted with Alzheimer's disease.

> 

> **Recorded behavior:** SCP-6532-1 was found wandering around on a beach, ignoring all bystanders around it. The instance was discovered following reports of "a brain with legs watching the sunset" in the area and did not resist containment.

> 

> **Instance №:** SCP-6532-3

> 

> **Date of Recovery:** 18/01/2019

> 

> **Description:** Severed human leg afflicted with gangrene.

> 

> **Recorded behavior:** SCP-6532-3 was recovered on a sidewalk along with a plastic bowl; witnesses reported that SCP-6532-3 attempted to beg for what is assumed to be money. It had not succeeded in obtaining anything. A pamphlet could be found along with SCP-6532-3 during recovery, which appears to depict a prosthetic leg and money drawn with pen ink. The instance resisted containment, attacking personnel with its limbs and attempting to squeeze through tight spaces. All attempts ended in failure.

> **Instance №:** SCP-6532-6

> 

> **Date of Recovery:** 03/09/2020

> 

> **Description:** Pair of lungs afflicted with lung cancer.

> 

> **Recorded behavior:** SCP-6532-6 was discovered after a report of a pair of lungs breaking into a tobacco store and knocking over tobacco products off the shelves before spitting saliva over the dropped items. When the manager attempted to intervene, SCP-6532-6 proceeded to attack the subject by pulling his leg and tripping him before spitting saliva on the manager and fleeing the scene without Foundation capture, managing to cause two similar incidents before being contained. The instance is uncooperative towards containment and frequently attempts to retaliate by clawing or biting.

> **Instance №:** SCP-6532-8 to SCP-6532-10

> 

> **Date of Recovery:** 02/03/2021

> 

> **Description:** Human skin afflicted with skin cancer.

> 

> **Recorded behavior:** All three SCP-6532 instances were found wandering on a beach, carrying a large garbage bag containing various discarded waste such as rags, paper and wooden debris, attempting to construct a structure resembling an umbrella using the discarded waste beside a civilian who was sunbathing at that time. After constructing the "umbrella", the 3 SCP-6532 instances gestured for nearby civilians to approach the umbrella and attempted to give them sunscreen bottles.All are expired. 

> 

> During containment, SCP-6532-9 was observed to communicate with SCP-6532-8 and SCP-6532-10. It is currently believed that SCP-6532-9 is attempting to convince SCP-6532-8 and SCP-6532-10 to escape containment, as it constantly points outside the containment zone with its limbs. Currently, SCP-6532-8 and SCP-6532-10 appear to be unconvinced by SCP-6532-9.

> **Instance №:** SCP-6532-14

> 

> **Date of Recovery:** 04/01/2022 

> 

> **Description:** Heart afflicted with coronary artery disease.

> 

> **Recorded behavior:** SCP-6532-14 was recovered after a report of a citizen (Albert Citroen) being "attacked" by SCP-6532-14. According to Citroen, SCP-6532-6 attempted to slice the skin under his collarbone during his sleep with a pocketknife, waking him up in the process. This startled Citroen, causing him to retaliate. SCP-6532-6 was also recovered alongside with a device made from electronic waste.

> 

> During containment, SCP-6532-14 was recorded to be much more frantic and hostile in comparison with the other SCP-6532 instances. A few days after the incident, Citroen was diagnosed with coronary artery disease; due to the similarities of SCP-6532-14's "attack" towards Citroen to the pacemaker insertion process, it was hypothesized that the device held by SCP-6532-14 is a makeshift pacemaker produced by itself.

> **Instance №:** SCP-6532-17

> 

> **Date of Recovery:** 21/12/2023

> 

> **Description:** Liver and gallbladder afflicted with liver cirrhosis.

> 

> **Recorded behavior:** SCP-6532-17 was recovered at a park, with witnesses reporting that SCP-6532-17 attempted to give out pamphlets made of discarded paper waste. The content of the pamphlets consists of unintelligible text scribbled across it, with illustrations of what appear to depict alcoholic drinks and fast food crossed out. Analysis of the pamphlets indicates the text and illustrations were written using human bile. One of the limbs is located near the gallbladder, occasionally squeezing it to draw depictions similar to the pamphlets it gave out during discovery. The gallbladder does not have a separate consciousness.

> 

> A janitor (Charlie Janssen) tasked with maintaining Site-204 Parazoology Habitat have reported that SCP-6532-17 will draw depictions similar in content to pamphlets it gave out during discovery on the floor using bile produced in the gallbladder attached to it. Additionally, SCP-6532-17 will attempt to guide Janssen toward the drawing while preventing it from being cleaned up at the same time, appearing agitated when done so. Interviews conducted with Janssen reported that he had an increase in alcohol use over the last 4 months. After discussion with the Ethics Committee, Janssen has been assigned to visit the on-site psychiatrist weekly to help him with alcohol abuse. SCP-6532-17 has drastically reduced the aforementioned behavior afterwards.

<< [SCP-6531](SCP-6531) | SCP-6532 | [SCP-6533](SCP-6533) >>
