Read my other works [ here!](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/slurppp )

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The following document was discovered within the Foundation database following a complaint issued by Site-42's Director Smith regarding a suspected falsified file. Questioning of personnel within Site-42 as well as thorough searches of database archives reveal that at no point has an SCP-6304 has ever been found or logged. Furthermore, no D-Class subject by the name of "Jackson Iut" has ever been attained by the Foundation.

Further investigation is currently underway. SCP-6304's file and any derivative documents thereof have been moved to the Supplemental Files Record, pending further classification. 

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

 

**Special Containment Procedures:** The remains of SCP-6304 are to be kept in Site-42's morgue for further medical study. Should no additional anomalous characteristics be discovered, Class A Biohazardous Material Disposal Procedures are to be enacted. 

<details>
<summary>+ Archived Containment Procedures</summary>

**Archived Containment Procedures:** SCP-6304 is currently quarantined within Site-42's D-Class dormitory. All D-Class personnel are to be temporarily relocated to vacant humanoid containment cells until suitable housing replacements are made. Plans to reconstruct the dormitory into a standard anomaly containment cell are pending. Observational studies of SCP-6304 may be conducted with approval from Site Director Smith.

</details>

**Description:** SCP-6304 was a temporal anomaly that manifested within the presumably deceased body of D-3812Born Jackson Iut; while a clinical examination could not be conducted due to SCP-6304's previously intangible state, exposure to external stimuli had been met with no response. The body was located on the top bunker of the far-left wing of Site-42's dormitory and since discovery, had displayed no signs of movement. ~~SCP-6304 constantly exhibits a green glow of approximately 6 lux.~~ **(See Addendum 6304-A)**. 

Relocation of SCP-6304 could not be made as the body appeared to be completely intangible. Though SCP-6304 appeared to be able to rest atop D-3812's designated bunk bed, attempts at moving the bed revealed that SCP-6304 was simply hovering in place.

Subjects within close proximity of SCP-6304 experienced a minor distortion in their perception of time, reporting slightly accelerated behavior from interactions for twenty-four hours after contact. Repeated contact halves the duration of this effect in half for each subsequent interaction. Although extended length of contact has led to a strong sense of déjà vu, no other side-effects appear to manifest. 

SCP-6304 was discovered and reported by several D-Class personnel following a large commotion at Site-42's D-Class dormitories during the early morning hours of September 23, 2032. According to video surveillance footage and testimony from D-Class personnel, SCP-6304 had manifested on the bed previously belonging to D-3812. Following intervention by Security Officer ██████, D-Class personnel were evacuated and SCP-6304 was cataloged. 

During a regularly scheduled review of security tape footage, 63,082,981 video files dated for September 23, 2032 were discovered within system files, amounting to 24 hours of footage. Following review, the footage was found to possibly be a byproduct of SCP-6304 and was thus designated as SCP-6304-1. Those who appear in the footage claim to have no recollection of the events depicted and administration of retrograde Class X amnestics revealed no evidence of memory tampering. An edited transcript of the compiled footage has been recorded below; ~~an uncut version is available upon request~~ **(See Addendum 6304-B)**. It should be noted that with each recurring instance of SCP-6304-1, video and audio quality decreased by a significant margin, thus rendering a large majority of the videos unplayable.

<details>
<summary>+ Abridged transcript of video logs #1-6</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG #1**

---

**DATE: 09/23/2032**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**09:13:32** *D-3812 is seen conversing with several other D-Class personnel. Subject appears to be highly agitated.*

**09:13:30 | D-3812:** "I'm telling you, I cleaned the restroom yesterday. Why the hell am I gonna have to do it again?"

**09:13:39 | D-4991:** "If you cleaned it yesterday, then why is it still so dirty? You didn't do shit."

**09:13:46 | D-3812:** "The fuck, man? It was spotless. If it's dirty now it's cuz *you* guys messed it all up."

**09:13:56 | D-4268:** "Even if you did clean it, you did it early. Bathroom cleanups are on Fridays, not Thursdays."

**09:14:02 | D-3812:** "What the fuck are you talking about? It's Saturday."

**09:14:07 | D-4991:** "Man, you're really losing your marbles, huh? He's right, it's Friday. So you still gotta clean, and this time, don't half-ass it."

**09:14:20 | D-3812:** "What? Guys, I swear I cleaned it. It was clean, and you guys even reminded me to do it yesterday. Is this some sort of stupid joke?"

**09:14:37 | D-5343:** "Just suck it up. We know that restroom duty sucks, but someone's gotta do it and this week, it's your turn."

*D-3812 argues about his conflicting account for fifteen minutes before D-Class are gathered for the mandatory morning role call.*

---

**11:58:40:** *D-3812 is seen talking with the on-site psychiatrist, Doctor ███, having been referred to by other D-Class personnel.*

**11:58:48 | D-3812:** "I know how it sounds but I swear, my memory's amazing. Damn near photographic, has been for my entire life. And it wasn't some sort of weird hallucination or dream or nothing like that."

**11:58:59 | Dr. ███:** "Interesting. Then I presume that you aren't experiencing any strange symptoms? Headaches, inexplicable fatigue, insomnia, anything like that?"

**11:59:08 | D-3812:** "Nope. I'm totally fine." 

**11:59:13:** *Doctor ███ nods and writes on a clipboard. Text is rendered illegible due to insufficient video quality.*

**11:59:31 | Dr. ███:** "Were you exposed to any anomalous objects recently? Your records show that you haven't been selected for testing in several weeks, but..."

**11:59:45 | D-3812:** "Nah, I've just been living day-to-day, you know? Kind of boring but at least I'm not in danger of dying every other afternoon."

**11:59:56 | Dr. ███:** "Right. Well I would recommend you-"

[END LOG]

---

*Note: At exactly 12:00:00, the footage abruptly cuts off.*

@@ @@

= **VIDEO LOG #2**

---

**DATE: 09/23/2032**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**00:00:01** *D-3812 suddenly wakes from his bed. Footage from 09/22/2032 shows that D-3812 had been asleep by 23:59:59. Previous iteration of footage from 09/23 also shows that D-3812 had been asleep at this time.*

**00:00:07** *D-3812 looks around, apparently confused.*

**00:00:20** *D-3812 remains sitting on his bed.*

**00:01:12** *D-3812 lies down and presumably returns to sleep.*

[END LOG]

---

*Note: D-3812 remains motionless for the remainder of the footage. At exactly 06:00:00, the footage abruptly cuts off.*

@@ @@

= **VIDEO LOG #3**

---

**DATE: 09/23/2032**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**00:00:01** *D-3812 suddenly wakes from his bed.*

**00:00:12** *D-3812 gets up from his bed and quietly walks to the other side of the dormitory to check a wall clock. The clock is relatively consistent with the time logged on video, with a discrepancy of about 30 seconds.*

**00:00:56** *D-3812 walks back to his bed and lies down.*

**00:01:10 | D-3812:** I... [Incomprehensible] why is [Incomprehensible].

[END LOG]

---

*Note: D-3812 remains motionless, or otherwise asleep for the remainder of the footage. At exactly 03:00:00, the footage abruptly cuts off.*

@@ @@

= **VIDEO LOG #4**

---

**DATE: 09/23/2032**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**00:00:01** *D-3812 suddenly wakes from his bed.*

**00:00:08** *D-3812 gets up from his bed and quietly walks to the other side of the dormitory to check a wall clock. The time recorded on the clock is unknown.*

**00:00:16** *D-3812 moves to wake a nearby D-Class. D-Class identified as D-4991.*

**00:00:22 | D-3812:** [Incomprehensible]

**00:00:40** *D-4991 awakens. A lengthy conversation is held, though the audio quality had deteriorated to the point where nearly no words are discernible.* 

**00:06:11** *D-4991 returns to sleep. D-3812 returns to his bed and lies down.*

[END LOG]

---

*Note: D-3812 remains motionless, or otherwise asleep for the remainder of the footage. At exactly 01:30:00, the footage abruptly cuts off.*

---

@@ @@

= **VIDEO LOG #5**

---

**DATE: 09/23/2032**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**00:00:01** *D-3812 suddenly wakes from his bed.*

**00:00:04** *D-3812 gets up from his bed and quickly walks to the other side of the dormitory to check a wall clock. The time recorded on the clock is unknown.*

**00:00:10** *D-3812 stares at the clock for an extended period of time.*

**00:01:02** *D-3812 begins yelling incomprehensibly. Several D-Class wake and begin talking.*

**00:01:49** *D-3812 is surrounded by several D-Class. D-3812 begins to act erratically, pointing at the clock and talking loudly.* 

**00:03:00** *D-4991 punches D-3812 directly in the face. D-3812 promptly falls unconscious and is dragged back to his bed.*

[END LOG]

---

*Note: D-3812 remains motionless, or otherwise unconscious for the remainder of the footage. At exactly 00:45:00, the footage abruptly cuts off.*

@@ @@

= **VIDEO LOG #6**

---

**DATE: 09/23/2032**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**00:00:01** *D-3812 suddenly wakes from his bed.*

**00:00:03** *D-3812 gets up from his bed and sprints to the other side of the dormitory to check a wall clock. The time recorded on the clock is unknown.*

**00:00:09** *D-3812 begins shouting incoherently.*

**00:00:18** *Multiple D-Class awaken. More shouting ensues.* 

**00:01:11** *A security officer arrives and after a brief conversation, escorts D-3812 out of the dormitory. Due to the poor quality of the video, the identity of the security officer is unknown.*

**00:02:48** *D-3812 is seen being escorted to a solitary holding cell and is locked inside.*

[END LOG]

---

*Note: D-3812 is seen shouting and slamming on the walls of the holding cell for the remainder of the footage. At exactly 00:22:30, the footage abruptly cuts off.*

</details>

Due to increasingly poor quality, no further information could be deduced from other iterations of SCP-6304-1. However, it should be noted that with each instance of SCP-6304-1, the duration of each video is decreased by 50%. Video files #149 and above were unable to be rendered, being measured as having a duration of zero seconds.

**Addendum 6304-A:** Three days after the initial discovery of SCP-6304, Researcher ███████ discovered that the light produced by SCP-6304 had decreased from 6 to 5 lux for unknown reasons; further analysis revealed that SCP-6304's light levels slowly decrease as time passes. Item description updated to reflect this change.

**Addendum 6304-B:** On October 29, 2032, SCP-6304 became inert and lost its anomalous properties; it no longer produced light, and could be interacted with as with any other non-anomalous object without side-effects. SCP-6304 showed no signs of decomposition, though it's likely that this was a result of its previous anomalous properties. Additionally, all instances of SCP-6304-1 were expunged from the site database. Attempts at file recovery were met with failure. Reclassification from Euclid to Neutralised approved by Site Director Smith on November 29, 2032.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6303](SCP-6303) | SCP-6304 | [SCP-6305](SCP-6305) >>

=====

> **Filename:** mugshot.jpg

> **Author:** U.S Dept of Justice

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mugshot_of_Tim_Donaghy.jpg

=====
