:root {

  ~~logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-6609/logo1.png);

}

@@ @@

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6609 is not currently in Foundation containment. Mobile Task Force Iota-3 ("Neighbourhood Watch") is to maintain surveillance on PoI:S_1182 and SCP-6609 to determine the extent of his anomalous properties in preparation for their potential detainment.  

**Description:** SCP-6609 is the physical body of Sid. G Haworth. SCP-6609 is mobile and displays signs of sentience and sapience analogous to a baseline human, despite SCP-6609's brain existing in a comatose state. As of 02/08/2021, SCP-6609's brain is no longer in a comatose state; this has had no effect on the anomalous properties of SCP-6609. See Addendum MR3—22/08/2021 for additional information. 

**Discovery:** On 23/07/2021, SCP-6609 became animate, having previously been in an unresponsive, immobile, comatose state following an automobile collision. This occurred despite no noticeable change in SCP-6609's brain activity, which scans indicated remained unresponsive to stimuli. Hospital staff recorded this occurrence and a Foundation .aic Artificially Intelligent Conscript.  embedded within the provincial healthcare's digital systems flagged the event as a potential anomaly. On 05/08/2021, SCP-6609 was discharged from the hospital and arrangements were made for weekly visits with Dr. Sarah M. Fultie, a Foundation-employed specialist in anomalies related to the human brain.

Prior to this event PoI:S_1182: "Violet Newton" —  SCP-6609's long-term romantic partner — had been placed on passive Foundation surveillance due to her affiliation with the "VVicked VVitches." This self-proclaimed "coven" of individuals based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, is suspected to associate with GoI-α-019: The Serpent's Hand. This collective is presumed to be unaware of the Foundation and its operations and has been permitted to operate — under observation — due to its minimal threat to The Veil and the general public. 

---

**Addendum SR1—14/07/2021:**

# Surveillance Report - 14/07/2021

---

**Subject(s) of Interest:** PoI:S_118 — Violet Newton

**Date & Time:** 14/07/2021 - 9:41 pm. 

**Location:** 5█32 █████ St., Halifax, Nova Scotia. 

**Camera and/or Microphone Position:** L1: Livingroom

---

*At 9:41 pm PoI:S_1182's electronically bugged cellphone begins ringing. PoI:S_1182 enters the living room, carrying a glass of red wine which she sets on the coffee table before picking up the phone. The caller is identified as Elton Haworth, the father of SCP-6609.*

**PoI:S_1182:** Hey, it's Violet. Is everything alright?

**Elton Haworth:** Hi Violet, I'm sorry to call so late. Martha's gone to bed but I couldn't seem to rest. I meant to call earlier, but I've lost track of time. I, uh, well how are you?

**PoI:S_1182:** Pretty awful, if I'm being honest. 

**Elton Haworth:** Yeah. Listen, I just wanted to thank you — 

**PoI:S_1182:** Oh, Elton there's really no need to that.

**Elton Haworth:** I know, but I just needed to say. 

*Pause.*

**Elton Haworth:** When we got that call about what happened to Sid, I don't know, Martha and I were distraught. I was trying to drive us to the hospital and the whole way there, shit maybe this isn't right to say, I was just thinking about what it must have been like, right before it happened. God, it's a miracle we made it to the hospital at all, us worrying the whole way there 'bout our boy and all. 

**Elton Haworth:** When we made it into the room, seeing you there with him, made it a little bit better. Here we were, his parents, hours away driving through the night. And I just, I wanted to thank you, thank you for being there. I know it sounds stupid, and I know of course you would have been. But times like these, well they remind you of the past. Knowing Sid's got you there for him as well, it means a heck of a lot. You've always been family to us, you know? Ever since that lanky teenager brought you round to meet us. We really care, love you both, and I don't just mean 'cause you're with Sid. You're an amazing person, Violet. 

**PoI:S_1182:** Oh, Elton *[Pause. The speaker is noticeably choked up]* I'm not sure what to say. It was awful being there, watching him be wheeled into one room and another. God I — I'm sorry, I must seem so out of it. Thank you. 

**Elton Haworth:** Please, there's nothing to apologize for, nothing at all. I should be getting to bed. I'm sure I mentioned that Martha and I are staying at the Johnson's. They wanted me to invite you over for dinner this weekend, if that works for you? Obviously, there's no pressure. 

**PoI:S_1182:** I think, I think I'd really like that. Yeah, that sounds lovely. How about you get to bed and I'll call you back tomorrow. Would that be fine, Elton?

**Elton Haworth:** Of course! Goodnight Violet. Be sure to get some rest as well.

**PoI:S_1182:** I will, and thank you again. Goodnight.

*PoI:S_1182 sets the phone down and remains still for a minute before sitting in an armchair. She takes a sip of wine before pulling a wicker basket from behind the chair and removes several skeins of colour yarn, knitting needles, and an unfinished blanket or large scarf.*

*PoI:S_1182 begins knitting but appears to frequently miss or drop stitches. Her hands begin to shake and noticeably worsen over a 15min period as she unknits recently created sections of the fabric before setting it down as she begins to sob.*

*After approximately half an hour, the sobbing stops; PoI:S_1182 appears to have fallen asleep in the armchair.*

---

@@ @@

**Addendum MR1—05/08/2021:**

The following report was compiled by Dr. Sarah M. Fultie, who was assigned to SCP-6609 following the atypical nature of the subject's recovery from his comatose state. 

@@ @@

### Medical Report Concerning SCP-6609: 05/08/2021

---

@@ @@

I was first assigned to SCP-6609 on August 5^^th^^. As per my usual approach when encountering nonhazardous, nonhostile, humanoid anomalies related to my area of study, I did not read the entirety of SCP-6609's file prior to meeting him. I have found too much background knowledge can obscure my ability to intuit ways anomalous influences may affect and manifest in the human brain and subtly influence a person's behaviour. 

As such, I can say confidently that before conducting any equipment-assisted tests, I did not notice any behavioural difference that would distinguish SCP-6609 from a typical, baseline human. The subject was conversational, remembered details of his life pre-accident, and behaved in a rational manner. He was grateful for our help, thankful that he was permitted visitors, and eager to be released from the hospital; I hope that I, had I been in his place, would have acted in much the same way. 

I was genuinely surprised to learn, after having concluded my initial assessment of SCP-6609 and thoroughly examined the assorted reports prepared for me, that all testing indicates his brain is unchanged from its comatose state. Subsequent tests on the subject's cerebrum and cerebellum confirmed the initial diagnosis is correct. As SCP-6609 appears capable of functioning as a completely normal human being despite its anomalous properties — of which it appears ignorant, I have approved SCP-6609's discharge from the hospital and arranged weekly appointments for continued study and observation. 

It is my understanding that my colleagues are investigating the possibility that a thaumaturgic ritual employed by PoI: S_1182 or other anomalous influence is responsible for SCP-6609's current condition. While I cannot speculate on the validity of these hypotheses, I can acknowledge that I have not, thus far, come across any causal indicators behind this event. 

Sarah Fultie, MD,

[Site-184](secure-facility-dossier-site-184) Research Chair & Medical Practitioner.

 

---

@@ @@

**Addendum SR2—05/08/2021:**

# Surveillance Report - 05/08/2021

---

**Subject(s) of Interest:** SCP-6609 — Sid Haworth & PoI:S_118 — Violet Newton.

**Date & Time:** 05/08/2021 - 7:42 pm. 

**Location:** 5█32 █████ St., Halifax, Nova Scotia. 

**Camera and/or Microphone Position:** D3: Dining Room

---

*SCP-6609 and PoI:S_1182 sit at the dining room table. Conversation topics have varied from discussion of friends and family, updates on PoI:S_1182's job and activities over the last few weeks, and plans for a vacation over an upcoming long weekend.*

**PoI:S_1182:** I know you're tired of hearing this from all of us, but honestly, how are you doing? 

**SCP-6609:** Well, it's weird. Obviously, this whole thing's been not great. But, I don't know, I don't remember much of the crash itself: just a bright light and being thrown to the side. And then just nothing for a while until I was suddenly looking around an unfamiliar room. It was confusing, sure, and once I realized where I was, I was worried about you — I had no idea how long I'd been out. 

**SCP-6609:** But, I suppose other than that, it hasn't been that hard on me personally. Best I can tell, you and my family had it roughest. Seeing me like that, not knowing what would happen, well that had to be a lot more difficult than anything I went through, anything I know about at least. 

**PoI:S_1182:** It's so nice for you to be back, Sid. I, I don't know what I would have done without you. The home, everything, it all just felt so, so empty.

**SCP-6609:** Hey, Vi, hey it's okay. 

*SCP-6609 gets up, walks around the table and embraces PoI:S_1182.*

**SCP-6609:** It's all going to be okay. How about I clean up the dishes, alright?

*PoI:S_1182 relocates to the living room, where she continues work on a knitting project. SCP-6609 loads the dishwasher and leaves several pots soaking in the kitchen. Both individuals remain in the living room, talking occasionally, for the following hour before going to bed.*

---

@@ @@

**Addendum MR3—22/08/2021:**

### Medical Report Concerning SCP-6609: 22/08/2021

---

@@ @@

Before discussing today's appointment with SCP-6609, I would like to revisit my previous report, submitted on August 15th — in which I presented the following statement concerning the anomalous properties of SCP-6609:

> [...]

> 

> After completing a series of additional tests on the individual lobes of SCP-6609's brain, the initial assumptions made ~~ that SCP-6609 is perfectly capable of functioning without noticeable brain activity in response to stimuli ~~ appears to be valid. Barring medical examination of the subject's brain, SCP-6609 is functionally indistinguishable from an average person. 

> 

> Additionally, the individual appears to retain comprehensive memories of his life prior to the accident and persons familiar with SCP-6609 have declared no noticeable alteration in his behaviour, mannerisms, or actions. 

> 

> As such, I believe SCP-6609 does not present a threat to normality, public safety, or the operations of the SCP Foundation. While I advocate for the continued observance of SCP-6609, detainment of the individual is neither necessary nor advisable.

Since this prior report, a recent change in SCP-6609's brain activity has prompted me to rethink my understanding of this anomaly: SCP-6609's brain has resumed its full range of activity and appears to respond to stimuli. However, it does so in a way that fundamentally *does not correspond* to the actions undertaken by SCP-6609, his verbal responses to prompts and questions, and the apparent emotional state of the subject. 

For example, when performing simple physical tasks, scans of SCP-6609's brain indicate activity within lobes that do not correspond to the respective actions. Such scans furthermore suggest that SCP-6609's frontal lobe is extremely agitated, indicating distress, although SCP-6609 appears outwardly calm and claims to be relaxed. Additionally, SCP-6609 does not express any discomfort due to headaches or other physiological symptoms. 

I am hereby requisitioning a set of programmable Elisa-Cartes Memetic Agents Used to assess consciousness and sapience, these memetic agents encode predetermined messages comprehensible to the human brain in visually chaotic forms, primarily consisting of intersecting lines.  in an attempt to determine if SCP-6609's brain is indeed responsive to outside stimuli. 

Sarah Fultie, MD,

Site-184 Research Chair & Medical Practitioner.

---

@@ @@

**Addendum SR3—25/08/2021:**

# Surveillance Report - 25/08/2021

---

**Subject(s) of Interest:** SCP-6609 — Sid Haworth & PoI:S_1182 — Violet Newton.

**Date & Time:** 25/08/2021 - 5:37 pm. 

**Location:** 5█32 █████ St., Halifax, Nova Scotia. 

**Camera and/or Microphone Position:** K2: Kitchen

---

*SCP-6609 stands at a kitchen island, preparing food. David Bowie's* Modern Love *plays loudly in the background; SCP-6609 sings along partially while julienning carrots.*

**SCP-6609:** Puts my trust in God and Man,

**SCP-6609:** No confessions,

**SCP-6609:** No religion, 

**SCP-6609:** Don't believe in Modern Love!

*At the end of the verse, SCP-6609's arm jerks violently to the side, causing the individual to severely lacerate their thumb. SCP-6609 does not appear to notice the wound, despite it bleeding profusely, and continues thinly slicing the vegetables during the instrumental section of the song.*

**SCP-6609:** It's not really work, 

**SCP-6609:** It's just the power to charm,

*PoI:S_1182 enters from the other room*

**SCP-6609:** I'm still standing in the — 

**PoI:S_1182:** Sid, can I turn it down a bit? I'm having — Jesus Christ! Sid, your hand!

**SCP-6609:** What, oh! Oh shit!

*PoI:S_1182 grabs a handful of paper towel and presses it around the wound.*

**PoI:S_1182:** Just hold that, okay? I'm going to go get some bandages. 

*SCP-6609 peels the paper towel away slightly and grimaces.*

**SCP-6609:** Fuck. Vi, it's looking pretty bad. This is going to need stitches or something. 

**PoI:S_1182:** Okay, we should get in the car, I'll drive. Watch out, I'll get the door. 

**SCP-6609:** Wait, the stove's on. 

**PoI:S_1182:** Don't worry I'll get it. 

**PoI:S_1182:** Alright, let's go. 

---

@@ @@

**Addendum MR4—29/08/2021:**

### Medical Report Concerning SCP-6609: 29/08/2021

---

Following the approval of my requisition for memetic agents used to communicate with the conscious minds of humans, I prepared an assortment of encoded messages to show to SCP-6609. Prior to the test, equipment had been arranged to monitor the individual's brain's activity in response to stimuli. I've included an excerpt from this appointment in my report:

= ****Dialogue Transcription:****

**Dr. Fultie:** Okay. Now, Sid, I want you to take a look at this slide and let me know what you see, how it makes you feel, or anything else it calls to mind. 

**SCP-6609:** Uh, sure Doctor. Well, I'm not certain. It seems like a modernist artwork maybe? The colour palette is quite nice. I'm sorry if that's not the answer you're looking for. 

**Dr. Fultie:** There are no wrong answers, Sid. Don't worry about it. 

**Dr. Fultie:** Okay, here we go: slide 2, what do you think?

**SCP-6609:** Well this one reminds me of waves on a beach I guess. There's a lot of rising and falling motion  

**SCP-6609:** It's weird on my eyes though, kind of like the lines are shifting. Like some sort of optical illusion. 

**Dr. Fultie:** That's great Sid, thank you. 

**Dr. Fultie:** Okay, you know the drill by now. What about this, slide 3?

**SCP-6609:** Maybe a forest? Or vines? 

**SCP-6609:** No, wait this one reminds me of a knitting pattern. What's it called, cable knit? It's like a sweater Violet made for her mom last Christmas. It has that sort of weaving in-and-out, it's familiar.

**Dr. Fultie:** Okay, great. Now here's slide number 4. I want you to take turns covering each eye as you look at this one; left eye first.

**SCP-6609:** Uh, okay, 

**Dr. Fultie:** And now, right eye, please. 

**SCP-6609:** Oh, that's weird. It looks different through each eye. Is it meant to do that?

**Dr. Fultie:** Yep. Don't worry about it. That's just your eyes processing an illusion of three-dimensionality. Everything is fine.

@@ @@

= ****Encoded Messages & Responses:****

##8B0000|{{**Slide 01 Encoded Text:**}}##

##8B0000|{{If you can read this, try to remain calm. I am here to help.}}##

##273e66|{{**Summary of Brain Response:**}}##

##273e66|{{Responsive activity in parietal and temporal lobes, decreased activity in the frontal lobe: suspected reduction in agitation and distress.}}##

---

##8B0000|{{**Slide 02 Encoded Text:**}}##

##8B0000|{{If you are able, please try and recollect a pleasant, meaningful memory in as much detail as possible while viewing this slide.}}##

##273e66|{{**Summary of Brain Response:**}}##

##273e66|{{Increased activity in the temporal lobe, particularly noticeable in the hippocampus. Analogous to responses observed in tests on baseline humans.}}##

---

##8B0000|{{**Slide 03 Encoded Text:**}}##

##8B0000|{{Please attempt to raise your left arm; do not be alarmed if you are unable to do so.}}##

##273e66|{{**Summary of Brain Response:**}}##

##273e66|{{Increased activity in the primary motor cortex of the frontal lobe as well as the cerebellum. No physical movement of SCP-6609's arm was observed at this time.}}## 

---

##8B0000|{{**Slide 04 Encoded Text:**}}##

##8B0000|{{If you are not already, please continue trying to exert control over your body: routinely attempt to blink, vocalize, or engage in small muscle movements.}}##

##8B0000|{{We are going to help you.}}##

##273e66|{{**Summary of Brain Response:**}}##

##273e66|{{Varying responses in activity throughout the cerebrum: no intuitive interpetation presented.}}##

~~~~

In the following section of my report, I've included a list of recent technological and memetic developments in Foundation direct-consciousness address strategies that I would like to attempt with SCP-6609 during subsequent appointments. Following permission from Site-Director Barrett, I also intend to forward SCP-6609's file to other Foundation research teams in hopes of collaborating on this endeavour. 

Sarah Fultie, MD,

Site-184 Research Chair & Medical Practitioner.

---

@@ @@

**Addendum SR4—29/08/2021-04/09/2021:**

# Surveillance Report - 29/08/2021-04/09/2021

---

**Subject(s) of Interest:**  SCP-6609 — Sid Haworth 

*The following log details notable abnormalities in the behaviour of SCP-6609, recorded over a period of 7 days by MTF Iota-3 Surveillance Agents.*

---

**29/08/2021:** *5:43 pm.* SCP-6609 attempts to call PoI:S_1182 regarding which groceries to purchase. While attempting to use his cellphone, SCP-6609 accidentally calls the contact above, "Violet Hawthorn," three times prior to telephoning the correct number.

**30/08/2021:** *N/A.* No unusual activity noted.

**31/08/2021:** *7:46 am.* While descending the staircase, SCP-6609's left leg over-extends, causing the individual to nearly fall before grabbing onto the railing. 

**01/09/2021:** *8:12 pm.* After using the bathroom, SCP-6609 makes prolonged, unblinking eye contact with himself in the mirror; one eye is seen to glance around quickly. After blinking both eyes appeared to function normally. 

**02/09/2021:** *5:42 pm.* While sitting in the living room, SCP-6609 stands up and adjusts a framed photograph of himself among friends to face away from him.

**03/09/2021:** *1:13 am.* SCP-6609 wakes up and goes to the kitchen to fill a glass of water. At the kitchen tap, SCP-6609 stands idle as the water glass overflows before losing his grasp on it. The individual appears to respond when the glass hits the bottom of the sink but does not break.

**04/09/2021:** *N/A.* No unusual activity noted.

---

@@ @@

**Addendum MR5—05/09/2021:**

### Medical Report Concerning SCP-6609: 05/09/2021

---

Following the previous series of tests, I was approved for the use of an [Elmwoods Engine](SCP-6699) The Elmwoods Engine was developed as part of the GOTTFRIED Research & Development initiative. Further information is classified LEVEL 5: TOP SECRET.  a piece of anomalous technology capable of communicating with human brains through consciousness-to-consciousness tethering.

My initial surprise that such a device exists — let alone that I have been permitted to use it — quickly developed into excitement for what opportunities this may afford me during this and future studies. I had the technicians prepare the necessary arrangements to tether the individual's consciousness to my own. Prior to the procedure, we had explained to SCP-6609 that the device was a newly developed MRI Magnetic resonance imaging  machine. 

Direct consciousness-to-consciousness communication, as I understand it, isn't quite speaking. It is a freeform exchange of ideas and concepts, that's quite hard to explain; there's a give and take, a push and pull. The following log is partly the Elmwood's Engine's output summary: a way to interpret how the brain constructs thought, and my own edits to it so as to best convey what I saw and experienced. 

#### **Elmwoods Engine Activation 05/09/2021:**

##### Interpreative Transcript

---

##8B0000|{{ Hello? I'm assuming the playback is working. This is Dr. Sarah Fultie, SCP Foundation medical practitioner at Site-184. I have attempted direct consciousness-to-consciousness tethering with SCP-6609.}}## ##273e66|{{Sid, my name is Sid.}}##

##8B0000|{{I appear to be in a residential domicile. 'Movement' through the space is slow: as though I'm swimming. I seem to be in a dining room. Although I haven't left it yet, I can visualize the entire house in my head. It resembles images I've seen of SCP-6609's home. I've yet to identify an external door to the space and something about the perspective seems off: every wall I look towards has a window in it, the same window. Explicitly thinking about it hurts — it's a white blur, like unfocused TV-static or a snowstorm.}}## ##273e66|{{We were snowed in once, took the day off work and ate uncooked smores in bed.}}## 

##8B0000|{{I've yet to locate SCP-6609. There doesn't seem to be anyone else here — wait, in cases of paralysis, a subject's mind can disassociate from their physical body. SCP-6609's effects have manifested, what a month ago?}}## ##273e66|{{13 days since I woke up; 33 days since it started moving; 55 since the crash.}}## ##8B0000|{{So the consciousness may not be presenting as a humanoid form.}}##

##8B0000|{{Sid, are you here? This is Dr. Fultie, from the clinic. I'm here to help you.}}## ##273e66|{{Where else could I be, doctor.}}## ##8B0000|{{I can hear you Sid. Can you make yourself visible? You don't need to hide from me.}}## ##273e66|{{I once read the mind fills the vessel it's in; that's how we decide what the 'self' is. But without the touch, where's the barrier? My body isn't what it used to be. I needed something familiar instead.}}##

##8B0000|{{Sid, do you know anything regarding what's happened to you? Have you been able to control the movement of your body at all? Is there anything you can share with me? We need to understand what's going on in order to help you.}}## ###8B008B|{{Hello? Who is that?}}##

##273e66|{{I don't know how it happened. I woke up to it. I was in here, watching it move, talk in my voice. It's not me — who am I? Every day I try to be me again, but it doesn't work. Trapped. I'm trapped, looking out. That pane of glass between me and it, does it keep it out?}}##

##8B0000|{{What's keeping you trapped, Sid? I can see the house and there's no exit. Are you feeling confined to this space?}}##

##273e66|{{When it realized I was here, and I knew my body wasn't the only thing it wanted, I shut the doors to keep it out. It wants to get in. I can hear it in the bushes outside, I can see its breath fogging my windows. Every time I tried to push, to take control back, I had to prod it away through the barrier.}}##

##8B0000|{{Command, the space around me is distorting slightly. Sid, I need you to try and stay calm, okay?}}##

##273e66|{{It let me, it wanted me to make those cracks.}}## ##8B008B|{{They're growing larger}}##

##8B0000|{{This is Sarah. If you copy pull me out. The space is shifting, tilting.}}##

##273e66|{{You don't see what you aren't looking for. When I look in my window, I don't see my reflection. Not until it wants me to. But it sees me, it's always there, looking in.}}## ###8B008B|{{Let me in. I'm here too.}}##. 

##8B0000|{{I repeat, pull me out. The facade is cracking — I can hear glass breaking around me. I'm in the living room now, I'm not sure how. Through the window, it can see me. I don't know how, but it knows I'm here.}}## ###8B008B|{{The life-like and the lifeless are the same. The doll is comforting until it moves. There were cracks before, always — nothing is impermeable. There's always a way home.}}## ##8B0000|{{Oh god, there's a hand against the glass, pushing through. Pull me out, pull me —}}##

Following my successful extraction, it took a short while to collect my thoughts regarding what had transpired. While the specifics of the experience were unsettling, the experiment showed that the consciousness of SCP-6609 is not in direct control of their body. Additionally, it would seem to suggest that the entity responsible for SCP-6609's ability to interact with the world physically and process and respond to information is both aware of the initial consciousness and, itself, capable of distinguishing itself from it. 

While the first session was, admittedly, not as productive as I would have hoped, I believe with future tetherings of my and SCP-6609's consciousness, we may be able to uncover the cause of this event, and if so, 

---

@@ @@

**Addendum SR5—05/09/2021:**

# Surveillance Report - 05/09/2021

---

**Subject(s) of Interest:**  SCP-6609 — Sid Haworth & PoI:S_1182 — Violet Newton.

**Date & Time:** 05/09/2021 - 10:41 pm. 

**Location:** 5█32 █████ St., Halifax, Nova Scotia. 

**Camera and/or Microphone Position:** L1: Livingroom; M1: MTF Iota-3 

---

*SCP-6609 sits in the living room, in a hunched-over position. PoI:S_118 walks over and sits beside him.*

**PoI:S_1182:** Hey, Sid. Are you alright? 

**SCP-6609:** Yeah. I'm fine, why?

**PoI:S_1182:** I don't know. You haven't really spoken to me at all since getting home 

**SCP-6609:** I've just been distracted. I'm sorry. 

**PoI:S_1182** No, it's okay, really. 

*Pause*

**PoI:S_1182:** So I was reading through emails, and I saw one from Dr. Fultie. She wanted to speak about some other healthcare options. There's apparently a clinic she's aware of that's doing some cutting-edge work on coma recovery. It's out of town so we'd need to stay for a few nights, but I think this could be really good for us. 

**SCP-6609:** I'm fine. Really.

**PoI:S_1182:** Sid, I'm saying this because I love you, okay? But you really don't seem fine. You've been jumpy and out of it the last few weeks. I'm not trying to rush you into things, but you've blown off meeting up with Chris A known previously close associate of SCP-6609 pre-collision. , what 3 times? This just, this isn't like you, Sid.

**SCP-6609:** I can't do it, okay? I can't go there. 

**PoI:S_1182:** Why not? If you're scared we can talk about it beforehand and they said I'd be welcome to come with you. 

**SCP-6609:** They'll take me away! I saw it, I could tell what she wanted. She was in there. 

**PoI:S_1182:** Who's going to take you away? What are you talking about, Sid?

**SCP-6609:** I won't go. I refuse. I'm here and I'm not going. I need to stay. I saw what she wanted and I won't let it happen. 

**PoI:S_1182:** Sid, you're scaring me. What's wrong?

**SCP-6609:** I'm fine. Just, I need a minute, okay?

**PoI:S_1182:** Alright, but I'll just be in the other room. 

*PoI:S_1182 moves to give SCP-6609 a hug, who hesitates before reciprocating. As she leaves the room SCP-6609 remains motionless on the chair, before quickly grabbing something from the nearby table and bolting to the front door.*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

*SCP-6609 is seen rapidly exiting the front doorway of the townhouse, holding a series of unidentified objects in his right hand. The individual pauses on the front lawn before running down the street. Members of  MTF Iota-3 ("Neighbourhood Watch")'s surveillance detail assigned to SCP-6609 on-location are given permission to pursue from a distance, but not directly engage SCP-6609 unless in immediate danger. Additional personnel are placed on standby to aid in the detainment of SCP-6609 and PoI:S_118 if necessary.* 

*Iota-3-A and -B are advised to follow on-foot. Iota-3-C and Iota-3-D attempt to follow in the surveillance vehicle.*

@@ @@

**Iota-3-B:** Come on, [Iota-3-A], we got to pick up the pace. I just saw him, he ducked into the backyard up ahead.

**Iota-3-A:** Jesus, okay. Hang back a bit, we don't want him seeing us.

@@ @@

*Iota-3-A and -B turn the corner. On-person cameras capture SCP-6609 scaling a waist-high chainlink fence and entering a small forested ravine on the other side of the property. Permission to use electronic stuns guns to subdue the suspect is given. Iota-3-A and -B proceed to progress over the fence and into the wooded area.*

@@ @@

**Iota-3-A:** Shit, it got dark in here. You got a flashlight with you, I left mine in the van. 

**Iota-3-B:** Yeah, here we go. You'd forget your own head if — hear that?

**Iota-3-A:** *In whispered tones* Yep, over there on the right. Take the lead, you've got the light. 

**Iota-3-B:** Affirmative. 

*A loud scream is captured by the microphone, followed by a series of slow sobs.*

**Iota-3-B:** Hello? If you can hear us, we're not going to hurt you. Come out with your hands up and we can have a talk. 

**Iota-3-A:** Wait, [Iota-3-B]. Take a look at this on the ground, is that?

*Camera footage pans downward. The undergrowth, partially illuminated by the flashlight, appears slick; Iota-3-B stops to examine*

**Iota-3-B:** Blood, yeah. I'll call this in. Command, we have a possibly wounded suspect, over. 

**Iota-3-A:** Something about this doesn't feel right. Do you think he cut himself on the fence?

**Iota-3-B:** Maybe? Won't find out standing here though. Let's keep moving. If he is wounded he should be slowing down. 

@@ @@

*Iota-3-A and -B continue tracking SCP-6609 for approximately 15 minutes.*

@@ @@

**Iota-3-B:** Hey, I got something over here! 

*Camera footage reveals a small clearing. An unmoving figure appears slumped against a tree facing away from Iota-3-B, who prepares his stun gun before circling around the trunk.*

**Iota-3-B:** Jesus Christ! Command, the subject appears to be wounded. We need medical evacuation ASAP. 

*The flashlight swings over SCP-6609, partially illuminating the subject's body. The individual's legs and footwear are caked in layers of mud, and the shirt appears to be stained; as the light moves upwards this staining is revealed to be a large quantity of dried blood, which progressively gets heavier towards the subject's neck and head. The individual appears unconscious and unresponsive to Iota-3-B's presence. SCP-6609 is revealed to have two wooden objects embedded within its head: one emerges from the right nostril and the other appears to have been inserted beneath the eye. One of SCP-6609's hands sways limply at its side while the other grasps the end of the object protruding from the subjects eye.*

*A medical team dispatched to the location manages to confirm the entity is alive and undertakes transportation to Site-184's trauma response center.*

---

@@ @@

**Addendum: Containment & Reclassification of SCP-6609**

Following the recovery of SCP-6609, medical examination indicated that the inserted objects, a pair of knitting needles, managed to severely damage the individual's cerebellum and primary motor cortex — areas of the brain predominately associated with muscle movement and intentional body control. Damage to other parts of the subject's cerebrum appears to be superficial and nonintrusive towards regular brain activity. 

Following a rehabilitation period of 5 days, SCP-6609 was recovered enough to resume basic locomotion. The subject has shown a disinterest in conversing with Foundation personnel. Routine scans of SCP-6609's brain indicate signs of agitation and distress, but no unusual physical behaviours have been observed.

SCP-6609 has been formally taken into Foundation containment; Object Class and updated Special Containment Procedures are pending review and approval. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6608](SCP-6608) | SCP-6609 | [SCP-6610](SCP-6610) >>

=====

> **Filename:** house.jpg

> **Name:** house

> **Author:** Chris Lott

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/fncll/8757745/in/photostream/

=====
