:root{

   --header-title: "CRYPTOZOOLOGY DIVISION";

   --header-subtitle: "Site-400";

 ~~lgurl: url(http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local~~files/ozzylizard-2/CryptozoologyDivision2.png);

}

.footnotes-footer {

    visibility: hidden;

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

**SCP-6450** - The Nam'Evanholly Hidebehind

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ndheckfire)

@@ @@

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Verification of the existence of SCP-6450 is currently headed by Site-400's [Division of Cryptozoology](cryptozoology-division-hub). Containment procedures have been drafted and are awaiting the conclusion of this research.

---

**Description:** SCP-6450 is the designation given to an entity currently believed to be inhabiting the Nam'Evanholly Forest Park Reserve, located in the Newcastle region, Northern Ireland. Colloquially, SCP-6450 is known throughout the local civilian community as "the Nam'Evanholly Hidebehind". The existence of SCP-6450 is still unconfirmed. The only available evidence are testimonies from claimed witnesses and portions of local folklore recovered by the Division of Cryptozoology.

In any case, SCP-6450 is reported to be approximately 2.5 meters tall, and despite possessing multiple sightings attributed to it, individuals are unable to properly recall its exact physical appearance. This is often accredited to the fact that SCP-6450 will always "hide behind" trees and foliage whenever it is perceived. Individuals frequently validate that SCP-6450 stalked them by claiming that they would consistently hear faint breathing and light footsteps trailing behind them. Individuals also report the breathing and footsteps would immediately halt up until a certain point where a settlement or nearby road would be visible.

According to local folklore, SCP-6450 feeds on animal meat belonging to those such as badgers, foxes, and occasionally deers. It is known that SCP-6450 only feeds on humans whenever it feels threatened, and the purpose of it stalking individuals is simply out of curiosity of their "habits and speech".

---

**Addendum 6450-1, Exploration Summary and Interview Log:** On the 19th of April, 2018, a group of four Foundation agents was sent to the Nam'Evanholly Forest Park Reserve at around 11:50 PM in order to explore and investigate the existence of SCP-6450. They returned with no complications, and Agent Responso Finelly was interviewed to report on the investigation's results:

### * Video Transcription 6450/1

---

**Date:** 20/08/2018

**Interviewer:** Dr. Theseus Whoarand, Cryptozoology Division

**Interviewee:** Agent Responso Finelly, Anomaly Investigations Section

---

= **<Begin Log>**

**Agent Finelly:** Oh my god, do we really have to do this *now*? It's almost two in the morning! At least let me get some shut-eye first!

**Dr. Whoarand:** Look, I promise I'll be quick. And I'll only ask a couple of questions, alright?

**Agent Finelly:** Ugh, you never make it quick. (*yawns*) Alright, alright. Just get on with it.

**Dr. Whoarand:** Okay, so... Can you give a complete summary of your team's exploration into the Park Reserve? From start to finish?

**Agent Finelly:** From the start? Like from *the* start? (*groans*) Myself and Agent Sierra got on the front seat of our vehicle, while Agent Verelia and Agent Evarhi got on the backseat. We packed our gear and took off at around midnight. We arrived at the forest ten minutes later, I think.

**Dr. Whoarand:** (*writes on clipboard*) Mm-hm, go on.

**Agent Finelly:** As usual, we set up a Kant counter and measured the local reality levels in the forest. It was in the baseline range so we just proceeded with the exploration. We decided to make our way to the forest's West mountain, since Oversight told us that's where the majority of sightings were reported to be at.

**Dr. Whoarand:** Uh-huh. And did your team find or experience anything unusual?

**Agent Finelly:** (*shrugs*) I mean, not really. Verelia said she heard some rustling noise behind us, but when I and Evarhi went to investigate, it was just some random badger. We found some fresh tracks on the mud, but they were small, and Sierra said they belonged to a fox.

**Dr. Whoarand:** Hmm, I see. But what about breathing? Did you guys hear any faint breathing during your exploration?

**Agent Finelly:** Other than our own, none.

**Dr. Whoarand:** Ah, okay. Just checking.

**Agent Finelly:** (*yawns*) Anyways, after around half an hour, we finally reached the West mountain. It was more of a very tall hill, but whatever I guess. We searched around the base of it, and Evarhi and Sierra volunteered to climb up and check the top of the mountain.

**Dr. Whoarand:** And?

**Agent Finelly:** And there wasn't anything.

**Dr. Whoarand:** (*nods*) Ah.

**Agent Finelly:** Evarhi thought she heard a wolf howl while she was up there.

**Dr. Whoarand:** Mm-hm.

**Agent Finelly:** Right, Anyhow, both of them climbed down, and since technically the investigation's done, we make our way back to the vehicle.

**Dr. Whoarand:** And did you by any chance--

**Agent Finelly:** Nothing of note.

**Dr. Whoarand:** Yup. Got it.

**Agent Finelly:** We packed our gear, blamed each other for a while about how someone stepped on shit since it stinks, did a double-check on the Kant counter, still blaming on who stepped on shit, and then we were finally on our way back to sweet ol' 400.

**Dr. Whoarand:** (*takes off his glasses and nods*)

**Agent Finelly:** And then you stopped me in the middle of a hallway for an interview when I was about to go to my room, even though I already said that it was two in the goddamn morning.

**Dr. Whoarand:** (*sighs and leans back*) Anything else you want to add, Fin?

**Agent Finelly:** Yup, just one more thing. (*turns towards the surveillance camera*) Next time when y'all want us to go to a mission, give us a goddamn Subaru or something. You think a freaking Rover 400 can fit five people? Jesus!

**Dr. Whoarand:** Rover, huh? Damn.

**Agent Finelly:** (*looks back at Dr. Whoarand*) I know, right? You have no idea how cramped it was with three guys in the backseat. And because no one came clean with stepping in shit, it was fucking torture.

**Dr. Whoarand:** Hm.

**Agent Finelly:** Alright, I'm outta here. (*stands up and yawns*) See ya later, T.

*Agent Finelly exits the interview room, followed by Dr. Whoarand shortly after.*

= **<End Log>**

---

**Addendum 6450-2, Update:** Following the previous exploration, sightings of SCP-6450 have decreased significantly in the Nam'Evanholly Forest Park Reserve. Investigation into this phenomenon is ongoing.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-6449](SCP-6449) | SCP-6450 | [SCP-6451](SCP-6451) >>

=====

> **Filename:** hiding.jpg

> **Name:** File:Hidebehind.jpg

> **Author** Margaret Ramsay Tryon

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hidebehind.jpg#mw-jump-to-license)

=====
