:root{

  ~~lgurl: url("http://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/black-autumn-hub/scp-halloween-alone.png");

  --accentColor: #EB6123;

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    filter: opacity(40%);

}

by [stormbreath](stormbreath)

**##EB6123|Item #:##** SCP-6824

**##EB6123|Object Class:##** Thaumiel

**##EB6123|Special Containment Procedures:##** The majority of SCP-6824-1 instances have been inducted into the Foundation and assigned to MTF Omega-4. As SCP-6824 is a heritable condition and the children of instances are given the same employment opportunities as their parents, SCP-6824 as a whole is contained by these actions.

In the event that wild SCP-6824-1 instances are discovered, they are to be inducted into the Foundation by MTF Omega-4 handlers, binding them to service.

All handlers of MTF Omega-4 have been outfitted with specially produced silver bullets. In the event that they lose control of an SCP-6824-1 instance, they are to terminate said instance with the specially produced bullets. Bodies are to be collected for screening.

**##EB6123|Description:##** SCP-6824 is a congenital anomaly, inherited by a dominant gene on Chromosome 10. Individuals born with SCP-6824, henceforth referred to as SCP-6824-1, do not present any abnormal features until puberty, at which point anomalous characteristics begin to develop.

Every month on the night of a full moon, SCP-6824-1 individuals will anomalously transform into a hybrid lupine-humanoid organism (a state referred to as SCP-6824-1B). Adult instances are often able to deliberately trigger such a transformation. Instances revert to their nonanomalous human form upon death.

During this transformation, mass significantly and anomalously increases, with associated changes in physical size, strength and endurance. While in SCP-6824-1B, individuals possess greatly enhanced regenerative capabilities, able to heal from most physical injuries in a matter of minutes. The sole exception to this is injuries inflicted by silver or by other SCP-6824-1B instances; these injuries heal as normal. Such injuries must cause significant damage -- mere contact with silver has no effect on instances.

During a SCP-6824-1B transformation, instances are unable to control their thoughts or actions. Generally speaking, instances are incapable of speech or higher logic, and are generally preoccupied with killing any living organism they encounter. Despite this, some anomalous entities are capable of directing or controlling SCP-6824-1B instances.

**##EB6123|Addendum 6824.1 --##** Formation of MTF Omega-4

**Dir. von Zarovich:** Good doctor, we have the good news.

**Cpt. Spencer:** Yes, sir. According to our estimates, we have close to all SCP-6824-1 instances contained. The threat is entirely contained. But, this poses a potential waste.

**Dr. Winchester:** A waste? How so? These anomalies have posed a threat to normalcy for quite some time. Millennia, as I believe historical research shows. And now we have them contained.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** And if containment continues as you have it, there will be no more, ever again.

**Dr. Winchester:** Correct. They will not be allowed to breed.

**Cpt. Spencer:** Meaning the end of them, forever. Extinct.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** And they live so short, too. So now is the time to act, if we do not want to be rid of them.

**Dr. Winchester:** I see no problem with that.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** But what if we were to use them! Cry havoc, and let slip the dogs of war. They can regenerate any injury. They are stronger and faster than any mortal man. The only problem is their minds. But ...

**Cpt. Spencer:** That could be solved. Easily. There are anomalous ways of control that we have proven are effective.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** Precisely.

**Dr. Winchester:** I suppose. But, we are stable as we have it. No real need to rock the boat, as it were. I suppose our kind does have an affinity for control... It is how we captured them, after all.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** So you admit it! It would not be difficult for us to recruit them nor to use them, not in the slightest! They could be made into most effective weapons.

**Cpt. Spencer:** Simply give the order and we can begin recruiting them.

**Dr. Winchester:** I just don't know. I am unsure about them ... and certain qualities of their being, shall we say.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** What? The fact they are anomalous? We've certainly employed anomalies before, ha ha.

**Dr. Winchester:** No. The fact they are alive.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** Ah. Yes. Well, we have employed the living before, no?

**Dr. Winchester:** Not since the Chaos Insurgency broke loose.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** And when was that, do remind me? How long ago? It feels like yesterday but I know it was years ago. The days are like blood.

**Cpt. Spencer:** 1956, sir.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** How long ago was that?

**Cpt. Spencer:** 65 years, sir.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** Perhaps it is time for another chance, good boy.

**Dr. Winchester:** I suppose, Strahd. I suppose we can give it another chance. But it is on your blood if things go wrong.

**Dir. von Zarovich:** Yes, yes, yes. On my blood.

Following this, Director Strahd von Zarovich and Doctor Sarah Winchester submitted a request to the O5 Council to use SCP-6824 instances in a new task force, with Director von Zarovich supervising the matter. In the process of submission, O5-2 noticed the project and took control of the project from Director von Zarovich, as well as expanding the scope. Utilizing a common and instinctual ability of hemovores to control canines, O5-2 was able to assert dominance over transformed SCP-6824-1 instances.

The project then passed to an O5 vote. Despite the implicit modification of the Foundation Oath the usage of SCP-6824 presents ~~ as instances are not reanimated dead, as with all other Foundation employees ~~ the motion was successful and passed with a 12-0-1 vote.

Currently, O5-2 remains the project head of the task force. The direct progeny of O5-2 act as handlers for SCP-6824-1 instances, who use the same methods of control as their sire to direct the actions of MTF Omega-4 (Dracula's Angels).

<< [SCP-6823](SCP-6823) | SCP-6824 | [SCP-6825](SCP-6825) >>

> **Name:** Strahd von Zarovich

> **Author:** Tracy & Laura Hickman

> **License:** CC BY 4.0

> **Source:** [Wizards of the Coast](https://media.wizards.com/2023/downloads/dnd/SRD_CC_v5.1.pdf)
