**Item #:** SCP-6344

**Object Class:** Safe 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6344 and SCP-6344-A are stored separately in high-value containment units at [Site-43](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-43). Researchers wishing to test with SCP-6344 must get approval from two personnel of level three clearance or higher.

**Description:** SCP-6344 is a vintage black Polaroid Colorpack 80 instant camera. SCP-6344's anomalous properties manifest when used to photograph a physical object. Upon activation, the object will vanish and reappear on the produced photograph (SCP-6344-A).

Objects that reappear on SCP-6344-A are animate, and behave as normal, physical objects within the confines of the image; its positioning and any damages received will reset if SCP-6344-A is not actively observed. Tearing SCP-6344-A will cause the respective vanished object to remanifest; other forms of destruction (burning, dissolvement etc.) will not result in remanifestation.

When using SCP-6344, photographed objects will only demanifest if:

* The photographer intends to create an SCP-6344-A instance;

* The photographer semantically associates the object/s as the intended subjects of the SCP-6344-A instance;

* The objects are fully visible to the photographer through SCP-6344, with no portions of the targeted objects out-of-frame.

SCP-6344-A depicts the photographed scene and objects as the subject viewed them through SCP-6344, rather than as a non-anomalous camera would depict themFor example, if the subject using SCP-6344 has a visual impairment that causes them to perceive the scene as blurry through the lens, then the resultant SCP-6344-A instance will also be blurred.. As photographed objects are restored in the condition they are depicted in SCP-6344-A, visual impairments (including environmental factors such as undesirable lighting conditions, camera shaking etc.) will result in permanent alterations to the depicted object and have appropriate physical properties as a result.

**Discovery:** The Foundation first became aware of SCP-6344 following several global reports of objects disappearing 'in a flash of light'. Following the emergence of reports in Ottawa, Canada, Foundation assets were immediately dispatched to investigate. They encountered a group of anomalous entities: a scorpion constructed from diamond, an automaton in a ninja outfit, an amorphous glue-like entity adorned with an equine skull, and a humanoid bee acting as leader.

MTF Pi-1 engaged in combat with the group, but due to the operatives lack of knowledge of SCP-6344 and the properties of the entities, they were able to escape. PoI-3773 had also used SCP-6344 to photograph several MTF members, causing them to disappear. They hadn't been recovered since.

Post-mission analysis of footage identified the group's leader as PoI-3773 (The entity will be designated an SCP object number at a later date.), an entity previously encountered during a raid on a Miracle Liberation FrontGoI-008, a group of sentient anomalies attempting to break down the Veil and the concept of normalcy, causing an SK-Class "Dominance Shift" Scenario in the process. stronghold in [Michigan, United States](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6073).

Due to PoI-3773's affiliation with the MLF, [MTF Beta-8 ("Mythbusters")](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6772) was tasked with hunting them down. A significant portion of Pi-1 transferred to Beta-8 to assist them in their task. PoI-3773 consistently evaded capture, eventually disappearing from Foundation awareness altogether.

**Addendum-01, Reemergence:** The Foundation became aware of "Shutter's Box", a public website specializing in e-commerce and blogging; MTF Beta-8 became aware that the website had affiliations with the MLF, and was being operated by PoI-3773.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6344/Video Log1/PoI-3773 </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[An animate body of glue with an equine skull attached to a tendril is arranging a card pyramid on a metal pedestal. The entity goes to SCP-6344, attached to a custom camera stand, and photographs them; the pyramid vanishes, and the entity removes the SCP-6344-A instance.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Hey Elmer! How's training coming along?

> 

> *[The entities are in an office. PoI-3773 and the automation ('Granite') are sitting on the floor playing cards. Elmer joins them and slides the instance towards PoI-3773.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** Just amazing! I think I'm getting the hang of it. Thanks again for making me the photographer. I'm still trying to learn the ropes, but it's kind of difficult.

> 

> *[PoI-3773 grabs and dabs SCP-6344-A against Elmer's body. PoI-3773 opens a photo album and applies the instance on the pages.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Yeah, it's pretty  finicky when it comes to positioning and lightning. I'm sure you'll get the hang of it though. Anyhow. *[PoI-3773 Picks up the mason jar.]* Wanna have a quick toast before Gleam comes home? 

> 

> **Granite:** Aren't you expecting something from the Tribes? *[Granite points to a laptop besides PoI-3773. Poi-3773 shakes their head.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** It'll be a while until I get the attachments. Besides, we made big leaps with this mission so far, why not make it a special occasion? C'mon, *you know you want it ♪* 

> 

> *[PoI-3773 slides two bottles of battery acid and whiskey towards Granite and Elmer respectively. Granite shrugs.]*

> 

> **Granite:** Fine, I relent. Cheers.

> 

> *[All entities consume their respective containers. After consuming some whiskey, Elmer eyes the mason jar.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** Pinch?PoI-3773's referred name.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Yeah?

> 

> **Elmer:** Why do you keep eating honey all the time? Doesn't it get boring eating the same thing over and over again?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** It does. I don't even like the taste, but I can't really function without it.

> 

> **Granite:** Oh? Function?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Bees aren't nocturnal so I have to compensate. This is my version of coffee. If I don't eat it regularly I'll be out like a light at sunset. That's why I keep a bunch on me.

> 

> **Granite:** [Shakes head.] Sounds like quite the conundrum. I sure do remember having to recharge all the time. Glad I got that fixed before I left Japan. Ah, how I miss it. I need to visit home one of these days.

> 

> **Elmer:** Wait... you're actually Japanese? Man... Huh. I always thought you were a weeaboo. 

> 

> **Granite:** [Visibly annoyed.] *Really?*

> 

> **Elmer:** Okay, okay my bad. I keep forgetting that accents aren't everything. I mean... I used to have a southern accent, a pretty deep one too, but I lost that when I got sent to the glue factory.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** [Visibly horrified.] You were sent to a glue factory?!

> 

> **Elmer:** Yeah? It was my job back when I was a safety inspector in Kentucky. It was all well and good until I fell into one of the vats. It's the reason I'm here. What were you thinking of?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Um... nothing.

> 

> **Granite:** You know, When our vacation days are up we need to go on an old fashioned road trip. There's Japan, Kentucky, maybe Australia -- Gleam might like that... wait, where'd you come from again, Pinch?

> 

> **Elmer:** I... I don't think we ever asked her. Man, I feel so horrible, we've been together for years and yet we haven't so much as even--

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I-It's no big deal, Elmer. My place ain't really that *much* compared to you guys.

> 

> **Granite:** Don't sell yourself short, Pinch. I would love to hear your story. After all, this is a special occasion.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Well... I used to be under the radar until I moved into the city. It was rough at first but I made a lot of friends, some of them were really close.

> 

> **Granite:** You mean our human contacts that you and Gleam made?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** No, it's different. This was around the time when... I started socializing. The Veil wasn't really a problem for me back then so I just... made the most of it. They weren't scared of me or anything. It was *nice*. *[PoI-3773 smiles.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** Wow, really? Not scared. Like at all? That's incredible Pinch. Hey... maybe one of these days we should meet up and hang out together. They sound like my kind of people.

> 

> *[PoI-3773 stops smiling and glances at the album.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I don't think that's a good idea. It's been a long time... I doubt they'll remember me.

> 

> **Elmer:** ...Oh.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** But we can visit my old hive! I think I still know where it is.

> 

> **Male Voice:** You lived in a hive? Funny, I figured you came from the nuthouse.

> 

> *[The scorpion enters the office. PoI-3773 waves to him and picks up the whiskey.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Gleam! You're finally back. Wanna sip?

> 

> **Gleam:** I'll take a swing. But first, I want to ask you something real quick.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Sure thing, what is it?

> 

> **Gleam:** Have you lost your goddamn mind?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** What?

> 

> **Elmer:** Oh boy.

> 

> *[Gleam slams a document in the middle of the circle, shaking with anger.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** We're becoming scam artists?!

> 

> **Elmer:** Yep, we should've explained it better. Wait, are NFTs a scam?

> 

> **Granite:** Elm, shush.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Gleam, it is not as bad as you think! We need this.

> 

> **Gleam:** The hell we do! What made you think selling a bunch of shitty, low-effort jpgs was a good idea?!

> 

> **Elmer:** They're not that shitty--

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Because the Tribes signed off on it. They liked the idea too.

> 

> **Gleam:** ...What?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 hands Gleam a letter. Gleam reads it.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** 'This proposal has been accepted... due to the potential betterment to our monetary infrastructure?' 

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Gleam, you know how challenging it is for us to obtain funds and resources from the normal world?

> 

> **Gleam:** It's always been challenging, it's not like we can go to the supermarket and not expect trouble.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** But it's getting *worse*. Ever since the Veil learned about us they've been trying to shut us down. They're making business more difficult.

> 

> **Elmer:** She's right. Even the human disguises are not as effective as they used to.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Yep. Less money, less options. The Tribes said if this continues, we're gonna be in trouble.

> 

> **Gleam:** But... NFTs though?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** *Gleam--*

> 

> **Gleam:** I know, I'll let you finish. I just don't see how this will solve our problems. 

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Then let me show you.

> 

> *[PoI-3773 opens and turns the laptop towards Gleam. A digital image of a vase on a metal pedestal is visible.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** It's a vase, what about it?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 smiles, and drags the image. The vase falls over and shatters. Gleam stares at the computer screen, then at SCP-6344.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** ...Just like your pictures. Your camera is the key to all of this?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 smiles and nods.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** That's why I'm in charge here. They finally found a way to digitize the photos. The Veil's trying to get ahead on our shipments and mailing, but we get this right, that will be a thing of the past. Think of it, Gleam! We'll be able to maximize and expand the Front. Not only will this give us the cutting edge in the war... we'll be able to help more people, and the anomalous world than we ever could! This changes everything. 

> 

> **Gleam:** Okay, So the whole scam is just a guise? I can live with that--

> 

> **Granite:** Actually, we're still selling jpgs.

> 

> **Gleam:** Goddammit Pinch.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** We're starting a front company, Gleam. We have to provide something to the public.  Not only will we be able to sell the photos in plain sight, we'll actually be raking a lot of dough from them too. It's been... dare I say, successful.

> 

> **Gleam:** Pinch. Most people are idiots, not morons. They won't fall for this.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Our earnings report says otherwise.

> 

> *[PoI-3773 hands Gleam another letter. Gleam reads it and is visibly shocked.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** I-I... what? In just this month?!

> 

> **Granite:** And we're expecting another large sale next month too. That's not including our business trades.

> 

> **Elmer:** Yeah and the pics are selling like hotcakes! One of our customers claimed he sold his kidneys for one of these. Check it out, I made them myself.

> 

> *[Elmer gives an electronic tablet to Gleam. The tablet is displaying a website called 'Shutter's Box', with an image of bees coming out of a box on the top left of the screen. The pictures below display a near-identical image of a cartoon horse skull with slight cosmetic changes between them.]*

> 

> *[Elmer smiles at Gleam. Elmer's smile fades as the tablet slides from Gleam's grasp. Gleam stares at SCP-6344 in contemplation.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Look I know how it sounds but we got things figured out here. I'll be in charge of managing the website, logistics and the trading of resources.

> 

> **Granite:** I'll handle tech support.

> 

> **Elmer:** And I'll help with shipping -- erm, or rather photographing the shipments... I'm still in training.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** You'll help protect our servers. Not only that, we'll be in charge of this mission together, just you and me.

> 

> **Gleam:** ...Really? Why?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** You know a thing or two about *people*, and I trust your judgment. Why not?

> 

> *[Gleam scans the room, then reverts their gaze to PoI-3773. Gleam nods.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** Alright... alright, I'll bite. There must be merit here if they're signing off on this.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Am--

> 

> *[The laptop emits a notification alert. PoI-3773 turns it around and looks at the screen.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** There's the message I've been looking for. Sorry guys, but I'll talk with you all later. You know...

> 

> **Granite:** I know, it's a private matter. Come along, Gleam. Let me give you a tour of home base. There's--

> 

> *[Gleam swipes the whiskey from Elmer and exits the room.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** This is too much for me, I'm taking a nap.

> 

> **Elmer:** With alcohol?

> 

> **Gleam:** It's gonna be a *long* nap. Bye.

> 

> *[PoI-3773 waves the entities goodbye, then locks the door. PoI-3773 smirks and returns to the laptop. PoI-3773 clicks the attachment and scrolls downward. Slowly, their smile changes into a frown. PoI-3773's eyes widen as they continue to scroll down frantically, leaning close to the screen the entire time.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Investigation revealed that entering a certain code into the search bar granted access to an isolated network within Shutter's Box that exclusively sold SCP-6344-B instances using Bitcoin.

SCP-6344-B are digital SCP-6344-A instances that retain their anomalous properties; remanifestation of the photographed items is accomplished through deletion of the SCP-6344-B file.

The Foundation was unable to shut down Shutter's Box or trace the buyers. It was theorized that the network was under the influence of an anomalous effect, preventing it from being hacked. To combat the threat posed by Shutter's Box, MTF Mu-4 ("Debuggers") was tasked to work alongside Beta-8 until a permanent solution was found.

**Addendum-02, Complications:** Although the buyers of SCP-6344-2 instances and/or the main server could not be located, MTF Mu-4 were able to identify several smaller servers instead. Beta-8 was deployed to these locations and secured them. MLF operatives at these servers escaped or were taken into custody.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6344/Video Log2/PoI-3773 </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Gleam:** Okay... okay... A little more to the right. Closer.... close -- stop. Alright, that should be the last one. Wait here, I'll come back. 

> 

> *[Gleam directs a camel constructed out of emeralds to the unloading area. A glass humanoid and a clown near them unpacks various weapons, artifacts and other valuables from other crates.]*

> 

> *[Gleam walks away. Granite is at a nearby table, assisting a large floating eyeball on inspecting the servers when they spot Gleam. Granite signals and moves towards Gleam.]*

> 

> **Granite:** Gleam, are you busy?

> 

> **Gleam:** Not particularly. How's the status report?

> 

> **Granite:** Looking quite spry. Take a look for yourself. *[Granite hands Gleam a clipboard. Gleam reads it.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** Looking good, looking good. You keep this up and you might get a promotion... oh...  more problems with the servers again?

> 

> **Granite:** That's what I've been hearing. The attacks are starting.

> 

> **Gleam:** You mean the raids or the hacking?

> 

> **Granite:** Both... is she still serious about relocating our men?

> 

> **Gleam:** [Nods.] There's too many here. The servers? Not so much. Since Elmer's already preoccupied with camera work, you and I are coming along. 

> 

> **Granite:** I understand. It's a shame, I was really starting to like it here.

> 

> **Gleam:** I wouldn't worry too much, it'll be temporary. Is Pinch still in the office?

> 

> **Granite:** Should be. Anything else you need?

> 

> **Gleam:** No, that's it. Catch you later, Gran. Try not to blow a gasket when I'm gone. Kon'nichiwa!

> 

> **Granite:** Like that will ever happen. And you said it wrong! It's Sayōnara!

> 

> **Gleam:** Whatever.

> 

> *[Gleam climbs the staircase and enters the office. Elmer is in the process of photographing an oil painting of a beach at sunset. PoI-3773 is at their desk, using their laptop. Several empty mason jars are in a nearby trash can and on the desk.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** --Got it lined up and...

> 

> *[The flood lamp turns off just before Elmer activates SCP-6344; the painting vanishes when the area around the pedestal becomes dark. Elmer snaps their head up and examines the produced SCP-6344-A instance. They look at the instance, then at the wall outlet. It appears that the plug has fallen out of the socket. Elmer panics.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** Oh no. Uuhhhhh--

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Elmer, I'm trying to read here. Can you... no. *[PoI-3773 turns off the laptop.]*

> 

> *[PoI-3773, visibly tired, stares at the pedestal which is now covered in darkness. Elmer quickly plugs the socket back in and tears SCP-6344-A. The painting remanifests; its colors are significantly darkened, rendering the picture difficult to distinguish. The light produced by lamps does not illuminate the object.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Argh. Elmer!

> 

> **Elmer:** S-Sorry! The plug fell out. Can we fix it?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 examines the painting, shaking their head.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** No, it's screwed. Dammit! This was my favorite. Now I got more work-- 

> 

> *[PoI-3773 tense up briefly, then relaxes. They set the painting down.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** It's fine. It's *fine.* Just an accident, just a painting. No big deal, just... oh? [Spots Gleam.] Gleam! There you are. You got the report?

> 

> **Gleam:** Stapled and laminated like you asked.

> 

> *[PoI-3773 grabs the clipboard and directs Elmer to resume their work. PoI-3773 sits back at their desk, nodding as they read.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** We exceeded our quota with flying colors? Good to know.

> 

> **Gleam:** I guess you were right after all; who knew morons could be so valuable?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Please, Gleam, at this point they're a global resource... wait, what's this about casualties! Is this a joke?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 rises from their seat, visibly furious. Elmer observes from their post as they set up a funhouse mirror behind the pedestal.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** Sadly no. The Foundation's making ground on the hacking. Some servers were discovered and it got bloody. The security protocols activated so it's not as serious as it could have been. Some cargo did get stolen though.

> 

> *[Elmer continues to watch the entities. Elmer drapes a blanket over the mirror but it doesn't cover it all the way. Elmer moves behind SCP-6344.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** This is serious, Gleam! Hacking's one thing, finding the actual servers is another! They're going to keep this up until we're under! They've already sent their specialized army guys after us already, what does that tell you?

> 

> **Elmer:** Maybe we should fortify the servers? Get more help from the tech team? That's what I would do. *[Elmer reaches for the shutter release.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Elmer, it's not that simpl-- 

> 

> *[PoI-3773 gasps, their left arm morphs into a spear. PoI-3773 curses at the spear then jumps from the chair.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Elmer, no!

> 

> **Elmer:** Wha--

> 

> *[Elmer looks to PoI-3773 and tilts SCP-6344 downwards as it activates; the pedestal vanishes. PoI-3773 rushes to SCP-6344 and positions it away from the mirror. PoI-3773 pulls out SCP-6344-A and tears it. The pedestal remanifests but appears heavily twisted and stretched. Elmer stares at the pedestal in shock.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Dammit! Why does my arm always has to freak out?

> 

> **Elmer:** W-W-What?! Why... how--

> 

> **PoI-3773:** 'Cause you didn't listen and cover it like I said! I told you positioning and light was important for a reason! You photograph a mirror without protection, it's either you or the camera's picture that will be takenDespite extensive utilization of the anomaly, POI-3773 had a limited awareness of how SCP-6344 functioned; specifically, they appeared to be unaware of the semantic association property, which protected 'Elmer' from self-photography.. You're lucky that stand was there to save your ass. You have to take this seriously!

> 

> **Elmer:** S-Sorry I'd just... I-I'll be more careful. I just need more practice--

> 

> **PoI-3773:** No, no! We're done training today. Gleam! Is the dock ready?

> 

> **Gleam:** I believe so.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Good. Elmer! Take the camera with you and get Lars to take the pictures. He knows what to do.

> 

> **Elmer:** B-But~~ I can~~

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Elmer. Do it. *Now.*

> 

> **Elmer:** ...Yes Ma'am. 

> 

> *[Elmer carries SCP-6344 and leaves. PoI-3773 sighs and sits back in their chair, displaying physical symptoms of a headache.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** [Sigh.] Shit... I didn't mean to say it like that. You think I overdid it?

> 

> **Gleam:** No, you're on point. He knows what's at stake here, what we're up against. He'll get over it.

> 

> *[Gleam spots the album resting near SCP-6344. Gleam inspects the album, then hands it to PoI-3773.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** And he's getting better too, these shots don't look half-bad... is this why you made this little bundle of joy? Practice? Your own personal storage unit?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Well... that and it's become a hobby of mine. A lot has happened since then. *[PoI-3773 brushes a patch of dust on the cover. PoI-3773 frowns slightly.]* Just want to keep track.

> 

> **Gleam:** Elm does make a good point though. Updating the outposts' defense would ease the people protecting the servers. That's why you're sending us out in the first place, right?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** That won't be enough. You know how persistent the Foundation is. We only managed to get the jump on them because they weren't expecting it. Now they're trying to cut us off from the normal world as always. I mean... we're actually making an impact among normal people for once! What if they catch us, then go after our associates? I can't stand the thought of it! Some of them were... *nice.*

> 

> **Gleam:** If it happens, it happens. We'll bounce back, we've done it before.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I'm just tired of hiding. I just want to get out there and enjoy the sunshine for once. Is that too much to ask?

> 

> **Gleam:** Yes. That's part of the deal when you're living in Veil-Country.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I know, I haven't forgotten... Gleam? 

> 

> **Gleam:** Yeah?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Do you think we'll be accepted after the war's over?

> 

> **Gleam:** Accepted?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Remember how the Veil people always claim that if mankind ever knew about anomalies, society will crumble? Sure, there'll be *unrest*, that's a given. But people could change too. Society adapted before. Perhaps we don't have to live in the dark anymore, just a matter of making sure the transition goes smoothly for the light.

> 

> **Gleam:** Honestly, I think it's a pipe dream.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** W-What? You don't think we can win?

> 

> **Gleam:** No, I just don't believe normal people can handle the anomalous, handle us. It's best to keep our distance.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** How can you say that, Gleam?! We've met plenty of people before and we've become friends with a whole lot of them!

> 

> **Gleam:** We're friends with people, yes, but not *normal* people. They've never been normal.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Yes they are! Most of them don't have powers or under-the-Veil connections. 

> 

> **Gleam:** That doesn't mean anything! A person can have those things, but that doesn't make them normal. It depends on the way they think, their reaction. Listen, I've been in this war way longer than you have. The people we know pale in comparison to the *normal* ones. They are *not* the accepting type.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** That's because the Foundation--

> 

> **Gleam:** The Foundation is the symptom, not the cause.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** ...A symptom?

> 

> **Gleam:** Do you know what's the biggest problem in the world? The one problem that holds humanity back?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 fold their arms, expressing visible interest.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** Normal people... or as I like to call them: morons.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Morons?! But you said they were valuable!

> 

> **Gleam:** They are, but they're also very *costly.* You know why there'll be unrest? It's because they'd be the ones causing it! Every moral panic, every time people lose their shit, it's always morons! Salem Witch Trials, Dungeon & Dragons, don't even get me started on the Cold War! The world almost died because of their immaturity... How'd you think they'll handle something bigger than themselves?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** ...They'll panic. *[PoI-3773 gazes at the laptop. PoI-3773 remains silent.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** They'll do more than that. You see, while a person can adapt... normal people, morons ~~ take your pick ~~ feed off each other. They won't change because there's no incentive to, especially when they're all in a frenzy. They'll only exacerbate the problem: they'll make the witch trials seem like a joke, deliberately antagonize the free ports, potentially causing a war in the process. Worse of all they'll give even more power to the government! Power it should *never* have. 

> 

> **PoI-3773:** We don't know that for certain. Things could be different.

> 

> **Gleam:** Their *own* history books say otherwise. We're trying to fight 'power', Pinch. You see why I think that's counterproductive? You see why I think keeping our distance is a good idea?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** ...Gleam. Why are you fighting to begin with?

> 

> **Gleam:** For protection, both for myself and others. I don't care about normalcy, I'm only here so I can stop the Veil from getting out of control, stop the snakes from getting too much power. Why did you join?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 focuses on the album. Before they can answer, Elmer enters and rests SCP-6344 by the album.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** The tech team wants to debug the software before we send more photos out. Lars isn't here so I figured you want it back. Am I... interrupting something here?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** ...Yes, actually. The Tribes sent me a new email, and I need to focus. I need you to go back downstairs now. Thanks for the help, Elmer. I appreciate it.

> 

> **Gleam:** You're still getting stuff from the Tribes?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** They have to. I'm reaching rank and I have to keep up. It's only *certain* stuff I need to know, I doubt you'll find it interesting.

> 

> **Gleam:** I get the message... I'll go. *[Gleam approaches the door, then turns around.]* As you ordered, Granite and I we'll be leaving tonight. Anything else you need before I go?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 continues to focus on the laptop.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** No... I'm good.

> 

> *[Gleam nods and leaves. PoI-3773 locks the door and returns to their desk. They pick up SCP-6344 and caress it in their hands, then looks at the laptop. PoI-3773 breathes slowly, setting the anomaly down.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I'm good... I'm good.

> 

> *[PoI-3773 uses the laptop and rests a hand onto the album. Their grip tenses around the cover.]*

> 

> *[The laptop emits a notification sound. PoI-3773 looks at the laptop screen and appears hesitant to set the album down. PoI-3773 sets it down when another notification sounds. PoI-3773 takes a deep breath, puts another jar of honey on the table and begins to use the computer.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Removal of the servers enabled Mu-4 to briefly hack the main Shutter's Box server, before the networks' firewall adjusted and ejected them. It was discovered these servers were infused with EVE energy but were otherwise unnoteworthy besides the SCP-6344-B instances they stored.

Satisfied with Mu-4 and Beta-8's efforts, more resources were allocated to them. Commander Chance of Beta-8 oversaw further assaults on MLF servers.

**Addendum-03, Cooperation:** Interrogation of captured MLF operatives revealed that the servers, once connected to the main network, were able to utilize their EVE to anomalously reinforce the network's firewall; the method by which this was accomplished could not be discerned, however the location of multiple servers was obtained. 

How this was accomplished is unknown, but what was known was the locations of many servers. 

Due to the servers being closely located to urban population centers and heavily fortified, the Foundation deemed it appropriate to cooperate with the GOC and the UIU. Although there were casualties, these servers were captured and removed.

 

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6344/Video Log3/PoI-3773 </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[Gleam enters the lobby, grasping a folder in their claws. They scan their surroundings; the number of operatives in the vicinity appears to have been cut in half. Gleam shakes their head, then carries on.]*

> 

>  *[Gleam stops at the stairs. Elmer is methodically sliding down the steps. Their skull slouches close to the ground but snaps upward upon noticing Gleam. Gleam waves to Elmer. Elmer uses a tendril to wipe traces of glue from its sockets.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** Hey Elmer. Sorry I was late, the shuttles kept delaying.

> 

> **Elmer:** I-It's perfectly fine man, I get it. Things are pretty uh... well I'm glad you kept in touch with us. I know how frustrating the comm system is but... I -- We appreciate it. How was it over there?

> 

> **Gleam:** At my server? Insanely busy, but we managed. Honestly, I think the most danger came from boredom. I barely survived that to be hon... est?

> 

> *[Elmer's skull slowly positions away from Gleam, their breathing slows.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** Elm?

> 

> **Elmer:** Oh! Um... Pinch was giving me an *update* and it was... I think you need to talk to her.

> 

> **Gleam:** ...Yeah, I think I do. There's something I need to tell her. Is she busy?

> 

> **Elmer:** Yes, but she still needs help, and I don't know her as well as you do. So...

> 

> **Gleam:** Don't worry, I'll handle it... do you need any help?

> 

> **Elmer:** I'm only a bit tired. It's been a big day and... I don't know. I-I... I need to rest... Bye.

> 

> *[Elmer moves past Gleam, attempting to direct their gaze away from the latter. Steams of glue leak from the skull's sockets. Gleam stares at Elmer for a moment, then sighs. knocks on the door; it swings open from the effort, unlocked.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** Hey Pinch, can I come in for a sec? I need... Pinch?

> 

> *[Gleam freezes after entering the office. The room is disheveled: papers, trash, and empty jars scatter the floor. The area is dimly lit as well. PoI-3773 is at the desk, frantically typing on the laptop, muttering to itself. The majority of the jars are by PoI-3773.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** --Double security and relocate the servers! That's all I ask for. Why won't they just say 'yes'?!

> 

> *[Gleam approaches a light switch and flicks it on. The room becomes adequately lit. PoI-3773 cringes as their arm morphs again. They turn around in anger but relax upon seeing Gleam.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Ah, Gleam! How's the trip? Sorry about the mess. The custodian left--

> 

> *[PoI-3773 cringes in pain and stars at the spear-like appendage. PoI-3773 scowls, then shakes their head. Their eyes are bloodshot; the bags under their eyes become more apparent.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Sorry for that too. My arm just *loves* to complicate things.

> 

> **Gleam:** It's fine. I know your stinger get jittery sometimes. Trip's been good. I wrapped up my duties with the server, the technicians should handle it now. Here's the report.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Amazing, Just set it right there and I'll read it soon--

> 

> **Gleam:** Pinch... we need to talk. It's about Granite. *[Gleam climbs onto the desk.]*

> 

> [PoI-3773 remains silent and sniffles. They click on a window on the laptop. A video plays of Granite inside the interior of a warehouse, being surrounded by MTF Beta-8. Granite attempts to fight back but comes under heavy fire from the operatives. Granite slumps to the floor, sustaining extensive damage, before being restrained.]

> 

> **Gleam:** Oh... [Drops folder.] I was late to the punch, huh?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** God... 

> 

> *[PoI-3773 exhales and pulls on their neck hair.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Dammit! I knew this was going to happen. Fuck, fuuuuuck! I shouldn't have sent them out so quickly! Now they're dropping like flies, I tried to pull them out but... now they're are... [Sigh.]  I can't believe it... *Granite.*

> 

> **Gleam:** No one could have predicted this. It's not your fault.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Yes it is! I sent them out! I promised them they wouldn't regret this, that they would make history. I *promised* them... now they're gone.

> 

> **Gleam:** They could still be alive. They could escape like Brown did.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** And do you *honestly* believe that?

> 

> *[Gleam doesn't respond. PoI-3773 picks up the folder and reads it. PoI-3773's voice becomes hoarse.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** They're... after all this time they're gonna cut us off? Just like that?!

> 

> **Gleam:** Pinch, calm down. It's not that bad--

> 

> **PoI-3773:** We're being downsized, Gleam. Downsized! How is that *not* bad?!

> 

> **Gleam:** Pinch, we can't keep bleeding resources and expect the Tribes to be fine with it. We have to make due with it.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** The hell we can! Without the funding this whole operation would be all for nothing! Don't they understand that?! 

> 

> *[PoI-3773 snarls, grabs onto the folder, then throws it. Documents fly around before PoI-3773 photographs them with SCP-6344; the documents vanish. PoI-3773 pulls out SCP-6344-A, crumples it, then tosses it into a trash can.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** No, it's not! Sure, it's gone downhill but we accomplished so much. We kept the Front's business afloat, you helped people! This is anything but a failure. This is not the end either, we can *always* try again next time.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** There won't be a *next* time. Wardens won't allow it.

> 

> **Gleam:** They don't allow a lot of things, that's why we're here.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** You don't get it! The Veil's always on top of things. It's like Brown said: they'll always adapt and counter. So can we, but they have more experience, more manpower, more *everything*! It's a constant struggle just trying to catch up!

> 

> **Gleam:** What do you expect? This is war, not a kickball game by the playground. We're not struggling too bad. We have a lot of cards up our sleeve. 

> 

> **PoI-3773:** You mean the anomalies we're stockpiling? They sure pack a punch, but the same could be said of *them* too. They're getting stronger... they ain't slowing down either. 

> 

> **Gleam:** Pinch--

> 

> **PoI-3773:** No, let me finish! They're finding new ways to counter anomalies in all their forms, filling their boxes to a tee. You can't just shrug this off! We survived as long as we did because we kept quiet, but not all of us are so lucky! What about the ones that were born and raised in the Veil? The ones that gain powers and get boxed because they didn't know any better? We could've used this as a chance to reach out to them... to *help* them.

> 

> **Gleam:** We're only downsizing.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** No we're not! They're planning to phase us out. We can't throw in the towel now. No... no, we need to take action before it's too late.

> 

> **Gleam:** And how'd you propose we do that, Pinch? The Tribes are at their limits already. I doubt they'll budge.

> 

> *[PoI-3773 contemplates in thought. They look to SCP-6344 and the album. PoI-3773 straightens their posture and grabs up SCP-6344.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** We'll pull what's left of our resources back into espionage. Hit the Foundation where it hurts.

> 

> **Gleam:** See? Nothing wrong going back to basics. It'll be like old times.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** No, no. We need to go bigger than that! We know about their bases, even more of who works for them. They stole from us for far too long -- how about we turn the tables for a change?

> 

> **Gleam:** Turn the tables?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** We'll photograph their men, our friends, and whatever else they have! Their loss will be our gain! Not only in influence, but in numbers too: I imagine it won't be hard to convince their prisoners to join us. Of course, it'll require a lot of planning--

> 

> **Gleam:** Woah, woah. Stop! Just hold on a second. Pinch, what you're proposing is dangerous!

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Things have already gotten dangerous! Gleam, we finally have a chance to actually change things, put the Veil in its place! Isn't that what *you're* fighting for?

> 

> **Gleam:** Of course! But this is not the way. You'll stir up the hornet's nest if you do this! We can't handle a full frontal assault by them. We're not ready!

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Then when will we be ready? Weeks? Months? Don't tell me years! The longer we wait the worse it'll be. You have to agree with me on that!

> 

> **Gleam:** We're. Not. Ready! Every time we attack, we play a card. We either lose that card, keep it or gain another. We dogpile them right now, we'll lose *all* the cards. We're not gonna be sent on a suicide mission!

> 

> **PoI-3773:** ...Fine.  You don't want to go? Fine by me. But I intend to follow through with this 'mission' whether you like it or not. 

> 

> **Gleam:** Actually, you're not. I said *'we're'* for a reason, Pinch.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** What?

> 

> **Gleam:** We're both in charge, which means we both have to agree on a decision to make it happen. Therefore, I reject your plan.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** What?!

> 

> *[PoI-3773 sharply rises from the chair. Both entities argue with each other. Ambient sounds are drowned by their shouting. PoI-3773's arm begins shifting in and out to a metallic form without their knowledge.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** --Not a chance! The tribes will strip you of rank, maybe even kick you out!

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Then let them! I survived on my own before, I can do it again!

> 

> **Gleam:** Goddammit Pinch! Be reasonable!

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I am being reasonable! Do you know what's at stake here?! People are counting on us.

> 

> **Gleam:** Oh please, this has nothing to do with *people*!

> 

> **PoI-3773:** What does that suppose to mean? huh?! You think I don't care about them?

> 

> **Gleam:** Oh no, you care! You definitely care. But that's not why you're acting like an ass right now. It's because of your little fantasies with the 'light', isn't it?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** E-Excuse me?!

> 

> **Gleam:** We've been partners for *years*, don't even deny it! You think the light is going to accommodate you, accommodate us if we somehow do things *right?!* War's unpredictable and hardly ever certain! Even if your plan works, it might kill off your dream all together. Hell, I'm willing to bet that you have doubts about it yourself!

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Y-You don't know a goddamn thing! The world has been through wars before, and in the end, the losing side eventually concedes and coexists with the winner! Who says we can't do the same?

> 

> **Gleam:** We're not a part of their world. Never have, never will be! They'll use the nuclear option before they let us win, and then some. Face it, your dream's just that... a dream! I keep telling you that but you won't fucking listen! Dammit woman, let it go and move on!

> 

> **Poi-3773:** [Snarls] You listen here you shiny piece of shit! You're *not* going--

> 

> *[PoI-3773 jabs at Gleam. The spear damages Gleam's back.  Gleam crumbles to the ground in pain. PoI-3773 gasps in alarm, then looks to their arm. They hyperventilate then reverse the transformation. PoI-3773 steps back and holds their arms up.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I... I didn't...

> 

> *[Gleam stands up and stares at PoI-3773; cracks appear all over their back.. Gleam remains silent as they calmly exit the office. PoI-3773 looks at their arm, visibly shocked. They then sit back at their desk. The hair around their eyes becomes damp. A moment later, PoI-3773 presses their hands against their face, audibly whimpering.]*

> 

> *[POI-3773 frantically reaches for a jar of honey, which tips over and spills on their lap. PoI-3773 violently shakes, slamming a hand against the desk; they no longer attempt to hide their face as they sob.]*

> 

> *[PoI-3773 reaches for the laptop before slowly pulling their arm back, staring at the album. PoI-3773 pauses, then opens it. PoI-3773 ceases sobbing, instead huffing and coughing as they turn the pages.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Mu-4 gained access to Shutter's Box for a longer period of time before being kicked from the network again. A portion of the network's buyers were able to be identified, their acquired SCP-6344-B instances were confiscated, and were brought into custody or amnestized on a case by case basis. Traffic to the website sharply declined shortly after, resulting in fewer purchases.

During these raids, certain details regarding SCP-6344 became known: the process of an object's transference to SCP-6344-A was dependent on SCP-6344's strobe light. With this knowledge, Beta-8 added protection to their uniforms and proceeded with their pursuit of PoI-3773.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Addendum-04, Shutdown:** After removing the majority of the network's servers, the location of the main server of Shutter's Box was traced to the premises of The Harwick Zoological Institute, an abandoned zoo in Christchurch, New Zealand. Beta-8 was deployed to the area.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/6344/Video Log4/PoI-3773 </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[PoI-3773 sits at their desk. Most of the furniture in the room is gone. PoI-3773 leans a hand against their cheek as they inspect the contents of the album. PoI-3773 accidentally bumps their leg against a trash can, now completely filled with empty jars.]*

> 

> *[PoI-3773 glances at the trash can and becomes visibly disgusted. They photograph the trash can with SCP-6344; the trash can vanishes. PoI-3773 removes SCP-6344-A and inserts it into a plastic zip tie bag filled with other SCP-6344-A instances. The words "MOVING" is written on it in black marker.]*

> 

> *[PoI-3773 resumes reading the album as they caress SCP-6344. Gleam enters the office, its back still cracked. PoI-3773's posture tenses.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** Just wanted to drop by... I see you took care of packing. That camera's something else. Certainly better than this dirty old thing, right? 

> 

> *[Gleam gestures to the bindle they're carrying. PoI-3773 remains silent, massaging one of their arms.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** I told them that I slipped and fell over. The 'bruise' will take time to heal, but that's what it is, a bruise. I know you didn't mean it... I'm sorry what happened to our associates, I know how much they meant to you.

> 

> *[PoI-3773 remains silent.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** ...The shuttle's going to arrive soon, I'm wondering if you want to tag along. It'll be a long ride, we can... take our time, just talk, it doesn't matter. We can...

> 

> *[PoI-3773 remains silent as they rub the album.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** I'll be by the docks if you change your mind. *[Gleam turns away.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** You're right.

> 

> **Gleam:** [Turns around.] I beg your pardon?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** You were right... I was wrong. I was wrong about everything.

> 

> *[Gleam pauses, then climbs onto the desk. Gleam sets down their bindle and grasps PoI-3773's hands.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** So we're finally talking about this? Why now?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I... had trouble accepting... until now.

> 

> **Gleam:** About the downsizing?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 shakes their head.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** No? Hm... then it has to be about what I said about morons, right?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 nods.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** Alright... I've been around for a long time. I've seen all kinds of characters, but never one that actually *likes* the light, much less want to live in it. You could easily stay at the guilds or  at a Free Port. You wouldn't have to hide... or is there something I'm not getting?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 pauses, then turns on the laptop. A folder opens, displaying rows of documents. PoI-3773 gestures Gleam to the mouse.]*

> 

> *[Gleam uses the computer. Much of the content is hard to distinguish, but the words [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/aftermath Lockdowns, Congressional Law, and Serbia] are visible.]//

> 

> **Gleam:** These are government reports and news clippings. They're talking about things that line up if the Veil falls: mass imprisonment, conflict and panic. What am I reading?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** My reward from The Tribes for working so hard.

> 

> **Gleam:** These are dated years ago, but they never happened. But they don't look fake either... you're like Brown, aren't you? They pulled you from somewhere else.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** ...Would you believe me If I said I actually lived in a hive once?

> 

> *[PoI-3773 slides the album and opens it. Gleam scans the pages. PoI-3773 photographs the laptop with SCP-6344; the laptop vanishes.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Well, I did. I was the queen too. I protected my subjects, looked over the hive... Sure it was predictable, but tolerable. I knew life was going to throw me a curveball sometime down the road but...  it just happened out of nowhere! I grew up into this, and got too big. My subjects rejected me and... I had to go out on my own, but it didn't last long...

> 

> **Gleam:** ...They got you? *[Gleam leans closer to the album.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I didn't even know who they were at the time. I was a sitting duck! I literally walked into town and people freaked out ~~ I could've died! They saved me alright... but they didn't help. I-I didn't even know how long I spent in that room. No sunlight, no fresh air, no *people*! It's just~~

> 

> *[PoI-3773 suffers symptoms of a panic attack. Gleam wrap their stinger around their arm. PoI-3773 relaxes.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I... I thought that was gonna be it... but then a miracle happened. They suddenly let us go. For once, the Veil actually wanted us to be part of the light. Of course not everyone was picked, but I got lucky. I finally saw the sun again. I could finally start over again. I was not going to *waste* the chance.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Of course, it wasn't easy. Like you said, the morons made a huge ruckus! So to calm them down, they got us to act as... spokespersons? Celebrities? I don't know what you call it but it was a public relations campaign. It was bizarre, but it worked. It *worked.*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** They weren't so... adamant about us, at least not as before. I was finally able to enjoy what the world had to offer! Visiting the seven wonders of the world, going to the market and the movies without having to look over my shoulder for more than five seconds -- I made friends, some of the best I ever knew. That's where I got this thing. [Gestures to SCP-6344.]

> 

> **Gleam:** You got that from a friend? *[PoI-3773 stares at Gleam, then takes a deep breath.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773** One of my friends found it in a yard sale and wanted me to have it. I had to keep it a secret of course, it would've been confiscated otherwise. He passed a long time ago... he was the best *friend* I ever had.

> 

> **Gleam:** ...So that's why you wanted to be partners... what happened? How did you get here?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** ...I don't know. *[PoI-3773 places a hand against the album.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** For god sake, I don't know! My memories were *hazy*, too chaotic. I was out and about in town, I think. And there was light... or was it an explosion? All I know is that I felt hot... and then I found myself in this place. [Turn to Gleam.] Your place.

> 

> **Gleam:** ...

> 

> **PoI-3773:** It didn't take long to figure that out. I escaped, but I had nowhere to go... then I remembered back in my place, the MLF became public. I knew where one of their safehouses were.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** They frisked me, drilled me with all sorts of questions, but eventually we came to an understanding once I told them my story. I was going to be smuggled into Free Port, but then I remembered the other people in the cages, how much power the Veil would gain in later years. I couldn't just stand by, not like last time... so I offered my services... and I joined. Remember when we first met?

> 

> **Gleam:** By the training grounds I believe, it was quite something else.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Yep, those were the days. The camera really made the difference; we got a lot of people out some sticky situations, huh?

> 

> **Gleam:** And you were the best at it.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Yep... but... I wanted to go bigger, I wanted to make a great impact. So I asked Brown if he could pull some strings, I worked my ass even harder... and that's how we got here. 

> 

> **PoI-3773:** I thought I could make lightning strike twice... but then the tribes showed me the docs and... I realized that the events weren't adding up. It diverged ~~ too different for the timelines to align. I-I... I didn't know what ~~ I thought I could make it work! There was promise! But... [Shudders.] In the end I couldn't salvage it. I failed. I didn't make a dent.

> 

> **Gleam:** This is war, Pinch. It's not like the movies or documentaries, it takes time. A *lot* of time. Our work here may have soured at the end, but the data we collected here is what matters. The Front knows this model can be successful, perhaps after some fine tuning, we can improve, get us one step closer to the light.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** The light? But you said it was a pipe dream?

> 

> **Gleam:** I did. I still have doubts about the idea, but... *[Gleam taps the album with its claw.]* I definitely know it's not impossible. I don't know what lies ahead, but whatever happens... we'll do it together. That's my promise to you.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** ...Thank you [Smiles.] It means a lot.

> 

> **Gleam:** I know.

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Yeah... I think it's time to leave. We don't want to miss the shuttle.

> 

> **Gleam:** Definitely. I think I'm going to do one final sweep then we'll-

> 

> *[Sirens in the area begin to blare, a large explosion echoes from up above. Gleam and PoI-3773 react with shock.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** What the hell? Are we under attack?!

> 

> **Gleam:** I don't~~ maybe~~

> 

> *[Elmer bursts into the room, visibly panicking.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** They're here! The Veil People are here!

> 

> **PoI-3773:** What?! Who?!

> 

> **Elmer:** Wardens! T-They've surrounded the building and they're coming in hot!

> 

> **Gleam:** We can't fight that many -- Shit! Pinch, you got enough film?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Yes, I think so! The nearest tunnel is by the restrooms! 

> 

> **Gleam:** Then that'll have to do! Come on people, let's move it! Go! Go!

> 

> *[Gleam and Elmer rushes out of the room. PoI-3773 stuffs the bag and album inside a backpack. PoI-3773 gives the room a quick glance, then follows after the two entities.]*

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> *[Shouting, gunfire and the alarm is heard in the distance. MLF operatives either panic or are scrambling to pass weapons among themselves. PoI-3773, Gleam, and Elmer rush into a hallway; the building is shaken by another explosion. PoI-3773 picks up their pace]*

> 

> **Gleam:** Where next?!

> 

> **PoI-3773:** A couple turns to the left, almost there!

> 

> **Elmer:** Jesus, they keep pouring in! Are we even going to make it?!

> 

> **Gleam:** Have some fucking faith! We're--

> 

> *[A flurry of gunshots is heard ahead of them. They stop to see an emerald camel limp around the corner collapsing to the ground, a sparkling green fluid leaking from their mouth. Gleam rushes around the edge of the corner; a clown and the glass humanoid is engaging in a firefight with several Beta-8 operatives. The operatives' uniforms are wrapped in a highly-reflective substance.]*

> 

> *[The two entities eliminate the operatives and turn to PoI-3773, who gestures to them to follow.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Hurry! We don't have much time.

> 

> *[All four entities follow PoI-3773 to the gift shop, PoI-3773 points to the door.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** The tunnel's in there! It's under one of the shelves.

> 

> *[The clown reaches for the door but it is kicked open by a Beta-8 member. The member fires at the clown's stomach. The clown stumbles back and falls to the floor. More Beta-8 members appear. Elmer panics and pulls a vending machine to the floor. PoI-3773 attempts to photograph them but is forced to take cover behind the vending machine with the rest of the entities.]*

> 

> *[The operatives fire at the vending machine. The entities retaliate with PoI-3773 and the glass humanoid using their firearms to return fire. As the operatives approach the vending machine, they notice that the clown is still alive and is smiling brightly at them; the clown's nose glows intensely.]*

> 

> *[One of the operatives fires a shotgun at the clown's nose. The surrounding area spontaneously combusts, narrowly missing the entities. The operatives' scream, then go silent. The vending machine catches on fire, igniting PoI-3773's backpack in the process. PoI-3773 panics.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** No, no! Fuck where's the zipper!?

> 

> *[POI-3773 frantically tries to open the backpack, but is unsuccessful; they scream when their arm is burned, and Gleam pulls them away. The sounds of marching footsteps become audible where the entities entered previously.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** No time! It's long gone!

> 

> *[PoI-3773 stares at the backpack for a moment, clenching their arm tightly before following Gleam. Elmer looks back at the gift shop.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** How'd they get in there? Did they find the tunnels?!

> 

> **Gleam:** We have to assume they have, that limits our options quite a bit.

> 

> **Elmer:** How are we gonna escape without any tunnels then?! Pinch?

> 

> **PoI-3773:** ...We keep running.

> 

> **Elmer:** What?!

> 

> **PoI-3773:** We keep running! There has to be an opening for somewhere, there's gotta be. There--

> 

> *[The entities and more Beta-8 operatives reach an intersection at the same time, both groups engage in combat. Although outnumbered, Gleam, PoI-3773 and the glass humanoid are able to withstand the assault. As Gleam continues to fire, their shiny appearance begins to fade, and begins to attack at a slower pace.]*

> 

> *[PoI-3773 runs out of ammunition and resorts to photographing one of the operatives. The flash of light reflects off the tin foil and makes contact with a potted plant. The potted plant vanishes. PoI-3773 is visibly stunned.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** Did.. wha--

> 

> *[PoI-3773 hastily reloads another film into SCP-6344 as an operative rushes towards them; PoI-3773 turns around. Both PoI-3773 and Commander Chance freeze, momentarily maintaining eye contact with each other. Their posture indicates they are shocked. PoI-3773's arm automatically transforms.]*

> 

> *[Commander Chance fires his firearm at PoI-3773, landing several shots in PoI-3773's shoulder. PoI-3773 screams, then embeds the spear-like appendage into his bicep, forcing him to drop the firearm. Commander Chance screams as well.]*

> 

> *[PoI-3773 positions SCP-6344 at Commander Chance. He retaliates by punching PoI-3773 in the right eye; PoI-3773 is stunned and temporarily blinded. Commander Chance grabs SCP-6344 from PoI-3773's grasp as his arm shakes. He activates the shutter-release; PoI-3773 vanishes.]*

> 

> **Gleam:** No!

> 

> *[Before Commander Chance can remove SCP-6344-A, Gleam leaps onto him. Commander Chance screams as Gleam claws and stings his face. SCP-6344 falls to the ground but it is caught by Elmer, who hides behind a nearby pillar. Elmer rips SCP-6344-A; PoI-3773 remanifests.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** T-The~~ I~~

> 

> **Gleam:** You got photographed, Gleam's taking care of it. How-- *[Elmer gasps and stares at PoI-3773.]*

> 

> **PoI-3773:** How what?! What's... *no.* 

> 

> *[PoI-3773 looks at their hands. PoI-3773 is immensely blurry, finer details of their appearance is hard to make out besides colors. Most of the operatives have been eliminated, the glass humanoid executes the second to last operative by propelling a thick stream of molten glass on them. PoI-3773 spots Gleam and reaches a hand out to them.]*

>  

> **PoI-3773:** Gl... Gleam! I...

> 

> **Gleam:** We have it covered, just stay there... Pinch?

> 

> *[Gleam becomes distracted by PoI-3773. Commander Chance, now sustaining major laceration wounds on his neck and face, quietly pulls the pin on one of his grenades. PoI-3773 shrieks before a massive flash of light and debris cover the camera feed. The audio fails.]*

> 

> *[The cloud dissipates: a pile of blood, viscera and diamond fragments has spread around the area. The glass humanoid and Elmer remain unharmed. PoI-3773 has fallen on the ground, and screams -- a red blur spreads across the left arm. PoI-3773 stares at the source of the explosion, shakes uncontrollably, then faints.]*

> 

> *[Elmer moves to PoI-3773 and attempts to wake them up. The glass humanoid gestures Elmer to follow. Elmer stares at the crystals, then holds onto PoI-3773 and SCP-6344. All entities flee the area.]*

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> *[Camera footage takes place within one of the women's bathrooms: crates and ammo caches are placed around the room. Gleam and the glass humanoid burst through the room. Elmer sets PoI-3773's body on the ground then closes and seals the door with their own glue.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** Please, please... stay with me here.

> 

> *[Elmer covers PoI-3773's left arm in glue. Elmer paces around the room. The glass humanoid opens a crate.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** What are you doing?!

> 

> *[The glass humanoid pulls out a shotgun and displays it to Elmer.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** We don't have the manpower, it won't work. We need to leave... [Looks up.] No, no no. the grates are too small, can't reach either. Think... think... thin--

> 

> *[Elmer spots one of the stalls. Elmer nods and looks at the glass humanoid.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** I want you to stand right there, and hold her in your arms... don't give me that look! Do it!

> 

> *[The glass humanoid hesitates for a moment, but follows Elmer's instructions. Elmer photographs both entities with SCP-6344 and they vanish. Elmer looks to bathroom mirrors, they have been graffitied on, removing their reflective qualities. Elmer sighs and looks at SCP-6344.]*

> 

> **Elmer:** Damn, can't photograph the camera after all. Pinch... our careers as photographers are over. God, please forgive me for this. I--

> 

> *[Loud banging is heard from the door. Elmer quickly inserts the SCP-6344-A instance into their body and enters the stall. Beta-8 rams the door open and enters the bathroom. One of the operatives points inside one of the stalls.]*

> 

> *[ SCP-6344 is resting on the water tank of a toilet. The toilet had been flushed recently with Elmer nowhere in sight]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Despite PoI-3773's escape, the raid was deemed a success. Nearly all the operatives stationed there were killed in battle or captured. The main server was disconnected, causing both the entire network to shutdown, and the neutralization of all SCP-6344-B instances stored on it

SCP-6344 was recovered, alongside security camera footage installed in the building. PoI-3773's photo album was also recovered, however the majority of its contents were heavily damaged by fire, and all SCP-6344-A instances (if any) were inert. They are listed as follows:

* A mugshot of PoI-3773. PoI-3773 is wearing a Foundation jumpsuit holding a placard. The item number has been burnt off;

* An image of PoI-3773 and other humanoid anomalies being directed outside of Site-17's gate. Reporters and photographers are outside the entrance. It appears the image was cut from a newspaper;

* A photograph of PoI-3773 posing in front of the Grand Canyon, with several humans;

* A newspaper clipping of PoI-3773 sitting on a couch with British-American broadcaster, Jerry Springer. Much of the newspaper's words has been burnt off, but the word "[VANGUARD](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6500/offset/17)" is visible;

* A photograph of PoI-3773 sitting on the floor besides an unwrapped present covered in glitter. PoI-3773 is holding SCP-6344. PoI-3773 looks to the left side of the photograph, which is burnt;

* A monochrome photograph of PoI-3773 leaning against a balcony. The angle of the picture was taken close to the floor;

* A monochrome photograph of PoI-3773 taking a selfie with Gleam. 'The reflections of Elmer and Granite are visible in the table. PoI-3773 appears visibly content.

<< [SCP-6343](SCP-6343) | SCP-6344 | [SCP-6345](SCP-6345) >>

> **Filename:** Colorpack_80.jpg

> **Name:** Colorpack 80 (8208907044).jpg

> **Author:** Leif Skandsen

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Colorpack_80_(8208907044).jpg)

> **Filename:** Card_Tower_Dirty.jpg

> **Name:** Rummy card tower 2.jpg

> **Author:** 7star

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Rummy_card_tower_2.jpg)

> **Filename:** Large_Empty_Room.jpg

> **Name:** Amaiurko frontoia.jpg

> **Author:** Amaiurko eskola

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Amaiurko_frontoia.jpg)

> **Filename:** Abandoned_Zoo.jpg

> **Name:** Abandoned Zoo Used to Hold Wild Animals.jpg

> **Author:** Edsel Little

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Abandoned_Zoo_Used_to_Hold_Wild_Animals.jpg)

> **Filename:** Empty_Office.jpg

> **Name:** Empty offices (7847352434).jpg

> **Author:** Oregon Department of Transportation

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Empty_offices_(7847352434).jpg)
