:root {

    --fnColor: grey;

}

:root {

--header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

--header-subtitle: "Secrecy, Concealment, Preservation";

--lgurl: url('crudelogo.jpg');

}

@@ @@

@@ @@

## * ##white|BY ORDER OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL##

##white|The following file is Level 5##/**##grey|Abnormality-6219##** ##white|classified. Unauthorized access will be logged and will lead to immediate disciplinary action.##

= **##grey|Abnormality-6219##**

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Item #:** **##grey|Abnormality-6219##**

**Level 5/Abnormality-6219**

**Object Class:** Pending [?]

**##BD0A0A|Top-Secret##**

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-██

[REDACTED]

[REDACTED]

N/A

---

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** **##grey|Abnormality-6219##** is contained within a windowless 5x5x5 meter containment chamber with a reinforced locking mechanism. No surveillance equipment are to be put in place within  **##grey|Abnormality-6219##**'s containment chamber and no personnel are to be allowed to enter **##grey|Abnormality-6219##**'s containment chamber without authorization from at least thirteen members of the Overseer Council.

Testing and a full autopsy of **##grey|Abnormality-6219##** is not permitted.

**DESCRIPTION:** **##grey|Abnormality-6219##** is the designation given to a hairless and grey-skinned humanoid cadaver approximately 2.5 meters in height. **##grey|Abnormality-6219##** does not possess any reproductive organs or any facial features, and instead has a crude SCP Foundation logo carved into its forehead, with various degrees of burnt marks scattered throughout  **##grey|Abnormality-6219##**'s torso and arms. Although **##grey|Abnormality-6219##** has been in Foundation possession since [DATA EXPUNGED],  **##grey|Abnormality-6219##** has not shown any signs of decay.

**##grey|Abnormality-6219##** is a [Class-I Semiontological Anomaly](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5242).##black|A semiontological anomaly (semiohazard) is a disruption of the Semiosphere (the medium through which information about reality travels before it is perceived or measured) which results in reality's apparent adherence to some non-real axiom. These types of anomalies are often handled by the [Department of Miscommunications (DoMC)](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/domc-hub).##. Any subject mentioning  **##grey|Abnormality-6219##**, whether through speech or writing (as such in this document), will refer to **##grey|Abnormality-6219##** as "Abnormality-6219"; instead of its proper SCP designation.

**##grey|Abnormality-6219##** was discovered in a previously sealed-off underground room in Site-58 during a renovation to expand the West Wing of the facility. However, blueprint plans obtained from Site-58's archive shows no mention of the room ever being built.

The underground room contains only the following:

* **##grey|Abnormality-6219##**, lying on the ground with its hands rested on its chest,

* A metal bucket full of an unidentified reddish liquid,

* A metal placard reading "[Department of Abnormalities](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3790)",

* Multiple drawings depicting a forested region,

* A long thin silver rod, approximately 1 meter in length,

* A painted stone tablet depicting a flaming iron crown,

* Two (2) golden-brown metal ingots of unknown composition,

* A solid heavy metal door, currently inaccessible as the door's handle and unlocking mechanism was removed prior to discovery.    

**INCIDENT LOG 1:** On █/█/███, the site containing **##grey|Abnormality-6219##** experienced a total power failure, resulting in a massive blackout and multiple Euclid and Keter Class containment breaches.##black|This containment breach resulted in 26 injured personnel and 14 casualties with 1 personnel reported to be missing.##. During the blackout, personnel reported hearing soft crying and faint screaming emanating from **##grey|Abnormality-6219##**'s containment chamber.

When the power was subsequently restored on the site, a D-Class was instructed to enter **##grey|Abnormality-6219##**'s containment chamber to examine any structural damage. The D-Class reported nothing out of the ordinary but then noticed a note taped on the chest of **##grey|Abnormality-6219##**. The note is written by a standard graphite pencil and has been designated **Document**-**##grey|Abnormality-6219##****-1**.

[[collapsible show="[+] Open Document-Abnormality-6219-1?" hide="[-] Hide Document-Abnormality-6219-1"]]

##black|No one will torture me,##

##black|My soul will not be in entropy,##

##black|Behind this mortal bone,##

##black|Is a sin you can never atone,## 

##black|I hated the name you've given,## 

##black|I would rather return to## **##green|the woods of the unspoken##**##black|.## 

The cause of the site-wide power failure is ~~unknown~~ inconclusive at this time.

<< [SCP-6218](SCP-6218) | **##grey|Abnormality-6219##** | [SCP-6220](SCP-6220) >>
