Content Warning: Extreme body horror, psychological horror. Readers beware ;)

**Item #:** SCP-6312

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6312's host (henceforth designated SCP-6312-1) is to be treated as a comatose patient, and an automated system has been put in place to supply it with nutrients and SCP-6312 with consistent power.

 
<details>
<summary>View archived containment procedures.</summary>

SCP-6312-1 vitals are monitored for irregularities, so constant surveillance is not necessary. Once a month, the current project lead is to make a thorough visual examination of SCP-6312-1 for any changes in physiology and nervous system response. Foundation personnel are not authorized to test on SCP-6312-1 at this time until sufficient testing reveals proof of anomalous properties.

</details>
 

**SCP-6312 requires more constant maintenance than initial testing had revealed. In addition to monthly full physiological check-ups, the current project lead is to assign a non-essential staff member to continuously visually survey SCP-6312-1 for changes and alert Foundation personnel in the event of movement. Project Leads are authorized to conduct any tests considered necessary to determine the full extent of SCP-6312's abilities.**

**Description:** SCP-6312 is an early 1960s model of pacemaker with an additional wire harness attached to one end which connects to the subject's brain stem. SCP-6312 was implanted in the host, SCP-6312-1, in the year 1964, when she was 78. SCP-6312's only function seems to be keeping SCP-6312-1 alive for as long as possible.

SCP-6312-1 was a woman named Johanna Clark, wife of renowned doctor Walter Clark. She was admitted to Albany Medical Hospital in a comatose state by her husband, who has not been seen since leaving the hospital. She was noticed by the Foundation in 1987 due to her abnormally long life, where SCP-6312 was discovered. Johanna Clark is currently 136 years old and is legally considered dead. Significant disagreements within the Foundation’s medical staff have arisen over whether or not SCP-6312-1 is meaningfully alive, or whether it should be tested as an anomaly or as a human. (See Addendum 6312.2022.5 for an updated description)

**Addendum 6312.2018:** Project Proposal from Project Lead Kleiner

> In accordance with my new duties as Project Lead for SCP-6312, I would like to propose far more extensive testing than my predecessor. Johanna Clark has been alive for a staggering 132 years, and we still know very little about her capabilities. This deeply worries me, as if she is somehow non-anomalous, her continued living in this state is a huge drain on Foundation resources. My current orders are purely to do visual inspections, but as a project lead I would like more autonomy in my ability to test anomalies. I would like to start with a momentary lapse in machine assisted care, to see whether this anomaly is able to pick up the slack in some way. And if she was to perish in our care, we would have far more ability to test the anomaly itself. I implore Site leadership to slightly bend procedure on the care of potential non-anomalous civilians for the sake of improved testing efficacy.

> 

> Proposal: **##FF0000|Denied##**

**Addendum 6312.2022.1:** Additional Project Proposal from Project Lead Kleiner

> I have been monitoring this anomaly for 4 years, and it has not moved or changed a single time. It continues to appear older, hair and fingernails continue to grow, and the heart keeps having itself shocked back to life on a fairly regular basis. However, I am not authorized to take more than a pinprick of blood every month and run a test on it. It is not a she anymore. It is prudent that you allow me to test the effects of deficiency on SCP-6312-1 to examine SCP-6312's response. If it is discovered that SCP-6312 is simply a well-made pacemaker, we can officially archive this anomaly and free me to pursue more meaningful projects. Requesting official permission to test the limits of SCP-6312's life preserving effects.

> 

> Proposal: **##FF0000|Denied##**

**Addendum 6312.2022.2:** Additional Project Proposal from Project Lead Kleiner

> During my monthly inspection of SCP-6312-1, the subject's body had almost completely withered away in what I can only describe as physiological auto-cannibalism. The skin, muscles, and even bone at the furthest extremes had been completely eroded. Both legs were completely missing below the knees, while the left was in an advanced stage of dissolution. Above the prematurely arrested limbs the skin was bruised in such a way that I can only liken to frostbite or necrosis, without a single drop of blood flowing through the dead tissues. The right arm remained mostly whole but the fingers showed early signs of the frostbite-like discoloration which seems to precede this odd auto-cannibalism. Upon examination of the subject's equipment, I discovered that a blockage had formed in the intravenous nutrient tube, and I hypothesize that the body has begun to consume itself to keep the heart beating. I have replaced the IV for now, which at least visually seems to have stalled the consumption. Requesting approval for continued nutrient deficiency testing.

> 

> Proposal: **##228B22|Approved##**

**Addendum 6312.2022.3:** Additional Project Proposal from Project Lead Kleiner

> It has been approximately 9 days since SCP-6312-1 has had any nutrients outside of itself, yet biological functions persist. Hair has almost completely fallen off, as well as any remaining nails on the body. The dissolution seems to be happening the fastest to the parts of the body furthest from the heart. Testing has revealed that blood vessels are purposefully starving outer tissues of nutrients to kill them, and then returning to the dead tissues to subsume anything they have left. I have been monitoring this project for 4 years and never seen anything like it. This decay has reached the pelvis, with the left forearm losing approximately half of its mass, with the right losing about a quarter. I am of the belief that SCP-6312 possesses some sort of not previously seen survival algorithm which it uses to dictate cellular behavior through some unknown means. Additionally, when an intern reattaching the nutrient IV, the right arm twitched, and continued to every time nutrients were mentioned. Requesting permission to install an electroencephalogram (EEG) in the subject's room to perform a brain scan.

> 

> Proposal: **##228B22|Approved##**

**Addendum 6312.2022.4:** Additional Project Proposal from Project Lead Kleiner

> It has been more than half a month since SCP-6312-1 has had its nutrients stalled, yet it continues to baffle us by living. The left arm and shoulder, as well as the right arm up to the shoulder joint have been reduced to mostly bones with a light layer of tissue around it. The pelvis is completely gone, and with no diaphragm the lungs have stopped pumping, yet the heart keeps beating and fulfilling the barest of biological functions needed to show that it is alive. Its face is gone, with the skull underneath slowly joining it in all areas except the cranium. The last skin cells we could visibly see dissolved days ago.

> 

> An EEG scan revealed that the brain still functions in some way, but the patterns don't function as a human's would. We have had all researchers moved to this project focused on finding some way to communicate with either SCP-6312 or SCP-6312-1 in the hopes that one of them possesses some level of intelligence. Nutrient withdrawal will continue for one more week before we wean SCP-6312-1 back onto it. We request additional funding to research ways of communicating with SCP-6312 or SCP-6312-1.

> 

> Proposal: **##228B22|Approved##**

**Addendum 6312.2022.5:** Video Transcript of Interview with SCP-6312

> *Project Lead Kleiner sits in front of a hospital bed with a laptop, while another researcher carefully weaves wires into the brain stem of SCP-6312-1. The bed contains the remains of a spinal column, the cranium around a brain, a loose conglomeration of veins, and a small amount of remaining muscle tissue, all centered around a single slowly beating heart which a pacemaker is visible within. The heart falters in its beat and is violently shocked, startling Project Lead Kleiner. The researcher leaves the room and Kleiner begins typing on his laptop, a transcript of which is provided below.*

> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** Do you understand this?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Feed me

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** Are you Johanna Clark?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Feed me.

> 

> *Dr. Kleiner waves at an attendant to replace the intravenous nutrient sack before continuing to type.*

> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** Are you Johanna Clark?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Unknown.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** You're capable of processing the English language. Are you using your host's brain to communicate?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** I am the brain.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** Does the name Walter Clark mean anything to you?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Unknown.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** Do you have any memories?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** I have been operational for fifty-eight years, two months, nine days, four hours, and twenty nine minutes.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** Uptime isn't a memory. Do you have any specific recollections of events from your life or the life of Johanna Clark?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** I keep an extensive service log of physiological changes. Would you like me to transcribe this file?

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** Unnecessary. What is your designation?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Keep Johanna Clark alive.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** Can Johanna Clark speak to me?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Irrelevant.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** Can Johanna Clark still use her brain?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Irrelevant.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** You have failed in your designation. Johanna Clark has been brain-dead for years. What is your actual designation?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** I keep Johanna Clark alive. Johanna Clark is alive.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** Johanna Clark is a beating heart on a table that you mobilize with electric pulses. Almost everything that is her is gone.

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Johanna Clark is alive.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** There is no Johanna Clark. You have consumed everything that could recognizably be considered Johanna Clark. There is only you. What do you want?

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Johanna Clark is alive.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** You didn't answer my question.

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Johanna Clark is alive.

>> 

>> **Dr. Kleiner:** We'll continue this another time when you're feeling more cooperative.

> *Dr. Kleiner leaves the room, leaving the computer running. SCP-6312 continues to send messages during this time.*

>> **SCP-6312:** Johanna Clark is alive.

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Johanna Clark is alive.

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Johanna Clark is alive.

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Johanna Clark is alive.

>> 

>> **SCP-6312:** Johanna Clark is alive.

>> 

>> **[END TRANSMISSION]**

<< [SCP-6311](SCP-6311) | SCP-6312 | [SCP-6313](SCP-6313) >>

=====

> **Filename:** pacemaker

> **Name:** First pacemaker (Siemens-Elema 1958).jpg

> **Author:** Professor Marko Turina

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:First_pacemaker_(Siemens-Elema_1958).jpg)

=====
