**Item #:** SCP-6238

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6238's ashes have been given to Junior Researcher Moon.

**Description:** SCP-6238 was Junior Researcher Moon's pet cat, Scronkle, which spontaneously burst into flames on 30/7/2022. Prior to this event, it was believed to be a non-anomalous house cat. There is some debate among Foundation researchers over whether SCP-6238 actually possessed any anomalous properties or was affected by an external anomalous phenomenon; the current designation of the cat itself as SCP-6238 is tentative.

Based on the time when the smoke alarm in Junior Researcher Moon's room went off, it is estimated that SCP-6238 burst into flames at 8:37 a.m., shortly after Junior Researcher Moon left his room to get breakfast. By the time firefighting personnel arrived at the room, SCP-6238 had already been reduced to ash. This ash displayed no anomalous properties, and was given to Junior Researcher Moon shortly thereafter.

**Addendum 6238.1:** On 31/7/2022, a Foundation webcrawler flagged a local news story from the town of ███████, Michigan, for potential anomalous activity. The story described an event from the previous morning where a man and his pet cat both spontaneously burst into flames. According to the story, the man's cat was named Scronkle. Investigation is ongoing.

**Addendum 6238.2:** After further investigation, it has been discovered that the man was also named Scronkle. Investigative personnel are now attempting to locate other individuals named Scronkle, feline or otherwise, to determine if they also burst into flames on the morning of 30/7/2022. Individuals in the Foundation with names similar in spelling or pronunciation to "Scronkle" are being placed under observation until more information can be gathered.

([Español](http://uncanny.wikidot.com/scp-6238-es))

<< [SCP-6237](SCP-6237) | SCP-6238 | [SCP-6239](SCP-6239) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
