.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** A square area of 1000 meters by 1000 meters is to be established with SCP-6717 at the center, where no non-Foundation personnel are allowed to enter. A 2 meter high fence is to be erected around the perimeter of the area, with only one entrance. Non-Foundation personnel are to be told Standard Cover Story 11, "military testing grounds". SCP-6717 is to be electrically powered constantly, and electrical power input must not be less than 18 megawatts daily. Electrical power leading into SCP-6717 must be connected to Observation post 249-C, and in extension, the Site-249 power grid. All images of SCP-6717 must be concealed from the public. Satellite photography, as well as maps are to be altered to not include SCP-6717. No civilian construction is allowed within one kilometer of the SCP-6717 containment area.

Entrance into SCP-6717 must be approved by lead researcher Dr. Hafeez, or by any personnel with level 4 or greater clearance.

Observation post 249-C personnel are to be alerted if any SCP-6717-1 deviate from their routines (see addendum 6717.2.1).

SCP-6717-2 is to be monitored using optical and thermal security cameras, thermometers, and Kant counters. If any abnormalities in any of these measurements occur, Site-241 and Observation post 241-C are to be alerted. No further containment of SCP-6717-2 is presently deemed necessary.

**Description:** SCP-6717 is an area measuring 609,6 by 609,6 meters resembling that of a 1950s era small suburban American neighborhood, located in Mohave County, Arizona, U.S. Within SCP are 507 individual buildings, of which 500 resemble suburban residential housing. All suburban residential housing is devoid of any furniture. All foliage within SCP-6717 is constructed of plastic, and all street furniture, with the exception of lampposts, are constructed of styrofoam, and are non-functional. At various spots in SCP-6717 are life-sized plastic models of pigeons. 

At the center of SCP-6717 is an open square, resembling a town center. In, or near the center is are buildings resembling a post office, grocery store, office, diner restaurant, and a church. At the center of SCP-6717 is a building resembling an office building, measuring 15 meters in height. The building is coated in grey paint, on all surfaces, including windows. For more information, see addendum 1 and 3.

SCP-6717 is populated by an estimated 100-500 humanoid entities designated SCP-6717-1. SCP-6717-1 instances are externally similar to humans, but have been observed to have notable behavioral differences. ~~Due to insufficient research, little else is known regarding the attributes of SCP-6717-1.~~ View addendum 2 for further details.

SCP-6717 was first discovered by the Foundation on 1997-10-13, when Foundation aircraft that were performing training exercises in the area spotted SCP-6717-1. The pilots noted the abnormal density of buildings given the remoteness. It is currently unknown for how long SCP-6717 has existed, given no public records mention any construction on the coordinates where SCP-6717 is located. It is also unknown how SCP-6717 has avoided detection by the relevant authorities. 

## Addendum 6717.1: SCP-6717 Exploration Log

<details>
<summary>+ View Exploration Log</summary>

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** 1997-11-26

**Exploration Team:** MTF Epsilon-6 ("Village Idiots")

**Subject:** SCP-6717

**Team Lead:** E6-1-C C stands for commander  

**Team Members:** E6-2, E6-3, E6-4

#### NOTICE FROM SCP-6717 RESEARCH TEAM

---

This exploration was the first ever performed into SCP-6717, and as such, MTF Epsilon-6 knew next to nothing regarding the nature of SCP-6717 or SCP-6717-1 instances. 

-- Dr. Mohammed Hafeez, Lead Researcher, Observation post 249-C

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**E6-1-C:** Microphone check.

**E6-3:** Check.

**E6-4:** Check.

**E6-2:** Check.

**E6-1-C:** Video check.

**Command:** All clear, we see you.

**E6-1-C:** Weapons check.

**E6-3:** Clear. Locked and loaded.

**E6-2:** Clear.

**E6-4:** Clear.

**E6-1-C:** Good. Command, we are all clear. Requesting permission for entrance.

**Command:** Granted. You're free to go. Remember, we don't quite know if the residents here are aggressive, or even anomalous. Approach with caution.

**E6-1-C:** Always.

*MTF epsilon-6 begins moving towards SCP-6717.*

*Video feed shows a sign at the entrance of SCP-6717. The sign reads "Header. Text Text Text Text Text."*

**E6-3:** look at this. 

*E6-3 points to the sign.*

**E6-3:** You read that? 

**E6-4:** weird.

**E6-3:** Looks like a placeholder.

**E6-4:** Yeah, it kind of does.

*Epsilon-6 enters SCP-6717*

**E6-3:** Looks like where I grew up. (*pause*) Brings back memories.

**E6-1-C:** Looks can be deceiving. Remain alert.

**E6-3:** Of course, of course. All I'm saying is that this is a nice break from some of the stuff we've been through recently.

**E6-4:** Like [REDACTED]?

**E6-3:** Yeah. Fuck, I wish I could forget that, especially the [REDACTED].

**E6-4:** Don't make me think about it.

*Epsilon-6 moves forward for five minutes, extraneous dialogue removed.* 

**E6-4:** Look, in there, there's someone inside.

*E6-4 gesticulates towards one of the houses. An SCP-6717-1 instance is visible inside, standing still.*

**beta-3:** Oh shit, yeah, Hafeez mentioned these guys during briefing. One, should we engage?

**E6-1-C:** Stand by. Requesting permission from command.

**Command:** Clear.

**E6-1-C:** let's go. Raise your guns.

**E6-3:** Raised.

**E6-4:** Raised.

**E6-1-C:** E6-2, you open the door.

**E6-2:** Yes ma'am.

*Epsilon-6 enters the building with the SCP-6717-1 instance inside. No furniture or illumination is present within the building.*

**E6-1-C:** E6-3, engage with it.

*E6-3 nods.*

**E6-3:** Hello?

**SCP-6717-1:** Hello. 

*the SCP-6717-1 instance does not move its head or body when talking.*

**E6-3:** Who are you?

**SCP-6717-1:** My name is Name Smith.

**E6-3:** Name smith?

**SCP-6717-1:** Yes.

**E6-3:** Alright, uh, do you live here?

**SCP-6717-1:** This is my home. I am happy with my home.

**E6-3:** I see. Do you just stand here all day?

**SCP-6717-1:** I do not. In 14 minutes I will go to my job. I work there.

**E6-1-C (Quietly):** Timer set for 14 minutes.

**E6-3:** Okay, and what do you do at your job?

**SCP-6717-1:** Work.

**E6-3:** And what does work mean, to you?

**SCP-6717-1:** Doing my job.

**E6-3:** But like, wha–

**E6-1-C:** Stop. Try something else.

**E6-3:** Alright, uh, are there more people like you?

**SCP-6717-1:** Everybody is like me. I am normal.

**E6-3:** Are there more people in this town?

**SCP-6717-1:** Everyone lives in this town.

**E6-3:** What do you mean by everyone?

**SCP-6717-1:** Me, and you, and everybody else.

**E6-3 (silently, turned towards the rest of Epsilon-6):** Should i continue? Im thinking this won't go anywhere.

**E6-1-C:** I think y–

**SCP-6717-1:** I don't recognize you.

*All team members turn towards the SCP-6717-1 instance.*

**E6-3 (whispering):** Fuck no

**E6-1-C:** We're leaving. Now.

*Epsilon-6 moves out to the street outside*

**E6-1-C:** Everybody, let's hold off the interactions for now. 

**E6-4:** Yes ma'am.

*E6-2 nods.*

**E6-3:** Yeah I'm with you, one. Better not to anger them. 

**E6-4:** Hey, look. There is one of those guys in like every house.

**E6-3:** Oh shit, yeah.

**E6-1-C:** Hafeez mentioned an estimate of one to five hundred.

**E6-3:** Right, yeah, I remember. 

**E6-4:** Alright, team, what's the game plan from here?

**E6-1-C:** To follow our mission: recon the area, set up cameras, GTFO.

**E6-3:** Yes. Four, you're the camera person, do you think this would be a good spot for a camera?

**E6-4:** Might as well. Remember the satellite map? All identical houses, arranged in a grid. 

**E6-3:** Right. You should point the camera to that window.

*E6-3 points to the window of the building with the previously encountered SCP-6717-1-instance inside.*

**E6-4:** That's what I'm thinking. Cover me while I set this up.

*E6-4 set's up one of their security cameras. Extraneous dialogue removed.*

**E6-4:** Should be working now. Command, do you see anything?

**Command:** Stand by for a sec. (*pause*). Yeah, we see you.

**E6-4:** Great. One, what do we do now?

**E6-1-C:** Remember how the guy you talked with mentioned he was going to work in 14 minutes? That's in about two minutes. We'll wait until then.

**E6-3:** Yes ma'am.

**E6-4:** Guns?

**E6-1-C:** No guns, unless they directly engage. Let's not try to provoke them.

**E6-3:** Good idea.

**E6-2:** Hey.

*E6-2 moves towards a fire hydrant.*

**E6-2:** Look at this. Styrofoam.

**E6-4:** Huh. Should I take a sample?

**E6-1-C:** Go for it. I'll watch your back.

*E6-4 takes out a small knife, and cuts a piece of the fire hydrant. The styrofoam has been confirmed to be entirely non-anomalous.*

**E6-1-C:** You done?

**E6-4:** Yes.

**E6-1-C:** Eyes on the doors. Act neutral.

*Every door visible in the video feed opens simultaneously. An SCP-6717-1 instance exits every door and begins walking down the street.*

**E6-3:** Holy shit.

**E6-4:** Perfectly synchronised.

**E6-1-C:** We'll follow them. Do not let your guard down.

*Epsilon-6 moves along with the SCP-6717-1 instances for ten minutes. Extraneous dialogue removed.*

*The SCP-6717-1 Instances continue into the center of SCP-6717.* 

**E6-2:** Here we are.

**E6-1-C:** This is it. The town square. Hafeez mentioned it. 

**E6-3:** And that's the building he talked about, the big grey one. 

**E6-4:** Ominous. 

**E6-3:** One, should we enter?

**E6-1-C:** I'm not seeing any entrance. We should recon the area first. Plus, research got some weird readings off it. I don't trust it. We'll take that later.

**E6-3:** Understandable.

**E6-4:** Hey, uh, look.

*E6-4 points towards a smaller office building, five stories high. SCP-6717-1 instances are shown entering the building.*

**E6-4:** That's gotta be where they work.

**E6-1-C:** Must be. 

**E6-3:** Should we go in? Seems like an important place. 

**E6-1-C:** Yes. 

**E6-2:** What about that?

**E6-1-C:** What about what?

*E6-2 points towards a building to his left resembling a grocery store.*

**E6-2:** Says "Grocery Food Market" on it.

**E6-3:** Huh.

**E6-1-C:** Right. How about we split. Me and two, we go to the office. Three, Four, you check the Grocery store.

**E6-3:** Aye.

**E6-2:** Yes ma'am.

**E6-4:** Yes, rendezvous when?

**E6-1-C:** It's not a big place, tell me when you're done and we'll meet here. 

**E6-4:** Got it.

*E6-1-C, and E6-2 move towards the office building, and E6-3 and E6-4 move towards the grocery store.*

**E6-3:** Here we go.

*E6-3 and E6-4 enter the grocery store.*

*Video feed shows a small grocery store, with shelves of wares, and an SCP-6717-1 instance behind the checkout counter. The store is devoid of artificial illumination.*

**E6-4:** Three, how about you engage with that employee there. I'll set up some cameras and take some pics.

**E6-3:** Aye. 

*E6-3 moves over to the SCP-6717-1 instance.*

**E6-3:** Hello, uh, do you work here? 

**SCP-6717-1:** Yes. Do you need help?

**E6-3:** I'd uh, like to purchase (*pause*)

*E6-3: picks up a bottle from a shelf next to him.*

**E6-3:** this.

**SCP-6717-1:** That item is not for sale.

**E6-3:** Alright, what about that one them?

*E6-3: picks up another bottle.*

**SCP-6717-1:** That item is not for sale.

**E6-3:** What do you sell then?

**SCP-6717-1:** Products.

**E6-3:** What kind of products?

*SCP-6717-1 takes up a small aluminum can*

**SCP-6717-1:** I love eating delicious products. Do you want to purchase this product?

**E6-3 (Over intercom):** Hey, E6-1-C, should I purchase something in the grocery store?

**E6-1-C: (Over intercom):** Unless you think it's dangerous, go for it.

**E6-3 (Over intercom):** Copy that. 

**E6-3:** Yeah, I'll buy that.

*E6-3 walks up to the register.* 

**SCP-6717-1:** Give me your dollar so you can get your product.

**E6-3 (Quietly):** Fuck.

**E6-3:** I don't have any money on me currently.

**SCP-6717-1:** Take this now. Pay for your product.

*The SCP-6717-1 instance hands E6-3 a green piece of paper similar in color to an American one-dollar bill, though lacking any markings except for the text "dollar" in the middle.*

**E6-3:** I, uh, what? (*pause*) Uh, thank you.

*E6-3 hands the "dollar" back to the SCP-6717-1 instance.*

**SCP-6717-1:** Thank you for purchasing a product at the Grocery Food Store. I love this product. This is my favourite product. I like eating it. 

**E6-3:** Thank you, sir. Also, uh, excuse me, but do you know anything about the grey building outside?

**SCP-6717-1:** There is no grey building.

**E6-3:** What about that one?

**SCP-6717-1:** There is no grey building.

**E6-3:** Alright, (*pause*) thank you.

**E6-4:** Hey three, how's it going?

**E6-3:** Just bought this thing.

**E6-4:** What is it?

**E6-3:** Some sort of can. Only thing that guy wanted to sell to me.

**E6-4:** Got any idea what's inside?

**E6-3:** None in the slightest. Is the camera ready?

**E6-4:** Should be, command, do you see anything?

Command: Crystal clear.

**E6-4:** Also, three, have you seen the products here? All the fruits are plastic, every box is empty. Every label says something like "brand name" or "product".

**E6-3:** Yeah, that's kind of a thing here I suppose. Weird. Should we head out?

**E6-4:** Yeah. We're done here.

**E6-4 (Over intercom):** E6-1-C, were done. Waiting in the middle.

**E6-1-C: (Over intercom):** We're almost done here. See you soon.

**E6-4 (Over intercom):** Copy that.

*E6-3 and E6-4 move out of the building.*

**E6-1-C:** Let's see what all this is about.

*E6-1-C and E6-2 enter the office building.*

*The video feed shows a sparsely furnished office space. An estimated 50 SCP-6717-1 instances are seated in front of computer monitors.*

*E6-1-C moves over to one of the SCP-6717-1 instances. before it is a cathode ray tube display terminal and a keyboard with numbers. The SCP-6717-1 instance is inputting random numbers into the terminal.*

**E6-1-C:** Excuse me miss, what are you doing?

**SCP-6717-1:** I am working. 

**E6-1-C:** And what do those numbers mean?

**SCP-6717-1:** They are important numbers.

**E6-1-C:** I see. Why do you input the numbers?

**SCP-6717-1:** Because it's my job. 

**E6-1-C:** Who gave you your job?

**SCP-6717-1:** My boss.

**E6-1-C:** And where is your boss?

**SCP-6717-1:**  He's not here.

**E6-1-C:** I see.

*E6-1-C moves across the room. All SCP-6717-1 instances perform the same actions.*

**E6-2:** See that?

**E6-1-C:** Where?

**E6-2:** Over there. Elevator. I suggest we go there.

**E6-1-C:** Good call.

*E6-1-C, and E6-2 move towards the elevator.*

*E6-1-C, and E6-2 enter the elevator. There are six buttons. All buttons are devoid of numbers.*

**E6-1-C:** No numbers huh? Let's take (*pause*) this one. 

*E6-1-C, and E6-2 travel in the elevator for two minutes. No dialogue is recorded.*

*The elevator arrives at an unknown floor, estimated from the views out of the windows to be the fifth floor.*

**E6-1-C:** Move out.

*E6-1-C, and E6-2 move out into the room.*

**E6-1-C:** Same as the first floor. isn't it?

**E6-2:** Seems to be. Should we do another survey?

**E6-1-C:** Might as well. Wait, I'm getting something over the intercom. Two, go examine the floor in the meanwhile.

**E6-3 (Over intercom):** Hey, E6-1-C, should i purchase something in the grocery store?

**E6-1-C: (Over intercom):** Unless you think it's dangerous, go for it.

**E6-3 (Over intercom):** Copy that.

*E6-1-C, and E6-2 examine the floor, it is identical to the ground floor.*

**E6-2:** One, look.

**E6-1-C:** What is it?

**E6-2:** There's text over here.

**E6-1-C:** Can you read what it says?

**E6-2:** Barely, looks like a tag.

**E6-1-C:** Like a grafitti tag?

**E6-2:** Yes.

**E6-1-C:** Shit, did someone get here before us?

**E6-2:** Maybe.

**E6-1-C:** Command, you got that?

**Command:** Sure did. We'll leave that for future research. 

**E6-4 (Over intercom):** E6-1-C, were done. Waiting in the middle.

**E6-1-C: (Over intercom):** We're almost done here. See you soon.

**E6-4 (Over intercom):** Copy that.

**E6-1-C:** Alright. Two, let's move out. We've got everything we can here.

*The two halves of Epsilon-6 have exited their respective buildings, and reassemble near the grey building at the center of SCP-6717.*

**E6-1-C:** Alright, final thing before we GTFO. Let's see if we can crack open this thing. Four, you've got tools for this right?

**E6-4:** Yes ma'am. Cover me, and cover your ears.

*E6-4 takes out a small Foundation issue explosive breaching charge, and places it on one of the "windows".*

**E6-4:** I'll need everyone to back off just in ca–

**E6-1-C:** *Four!* Turn around, weapons up!

**E6-4:** What's happening?

**E6-1-C:** All doors are open.

**E6-3:** Look! There!

*Video feed shows a large mob of SCP-6717-1 instances exiting the office building. All instances are walking towards Epsilon-6*

*The SCP-6717-1 instances repeat the phrase "I don't recognise you" over and over again, perfectly synchronized.*

**E6-2:** Everyone! We need to get the fuck away!

**E6-1-C:** Two's right, move! Past the store, nine o'clock!

**E6-3:** They're so fucking many.

**E6-1-C:** Command, what's the best path out of here?

**Command:** Stay on your current route. It's too late to turn around.

**E6-1-C:** Can we expect backup?

**Command:** Not at this time, you're the only team currently assigned to this Site.

**E6-3:** Shit, we'll have to make it out on our own.

*Epsilon-6 continues moving down the street. Suddenly their movement is halted by another mob of SCP-6717-1 instances rounding the corner into the street they were moving along. All instances repeat "I don't recognize you" repeatedly.*

**E6-4:** What do we do?

**E6-1-C:** Open fire. 

**E6-4:** Yes ma'am!

*All Epsilon-6 members open fire on the SCP-6717-1 instances. The instances collapse almost immediately after being shot.*

**E6-3:** Fucking hell (*gunfire*) they're so fucking (*gunfire*) many!

**E6-4:** I know!

**E6-3:** I'm not sure how long I'll be able to hold 'em off!

**E6-2:** Three! Your back!

*An SCP-6717-1 instance is walking towards E6-3, and is roughly a meter away. The instance raises its arms towards E6-3, before being shot down by E6-2.*

**E6-3:** Christ! That was close. Thank you Two!

**E6-2:** I'm almost out of ammo now, Four, do you have any combat explosives?

**E6-4:** I– (*gunfire*) I do! Cover me for a second and I'll blow these fuckers to kingdom come!

**E6-1-C:** Copy, I got you Four.

*E6-4 throws a small Foundation issue grenade towards the SCP-6717-1 mob, neutralizing several instances, and blocking several others with the debris of the neutralized.*

**E6-4:** Boom!

**E6-3:** Woohoo!

**E6-1-C:** That'll give us some time. Everyone, move!

**E6-3:** Copy!

**E6-2:** Copy!

**Command:** Everyone, there is a foundation helicopter on its way to your location. Keep moving and we'll get you out of there in just a minute.

**E6-1-C:** Roger that. 

**E6-3:** Oh thank you Jesus!

*as Epsilon-6 turns a corner, they are met with another SCP-6717-1 mob.*

**E6-1-C:** Oh fuck. 

**E6-2:** Shit! My ammo's out! 

**E6-3:** I'm almost out too, I got only like eight shots left!

**E6-1-C:** Everybody, retreat!

**E6-4:** No! I got a better idea!

**E6-1-C:** Four! I *order* you! Retreat!

**E6-4:** One, we'll take the roof! We can climb through that window! I'm betting my left leg these things can't climb!

**E6-3:** Four's right, the only way is up!

**E6-1-C:** Alright, change of, plans! Three, you're shortest, you go first!

**E6-3:** Aye!

*E6-3 breaks open the window, and uses it to climb up on the roof. He reaches out his hand over the edge.*

**E6-1-C:** Four, you're next!

**E6-4:** Roger!

**E6-3:** Take my hand! 

*E6-4 takes E6-3:s' hand and pulls themself up.*

**E6-3:** Up you go.

*The SCP-6717-1 mob is closing in from all sides, suppressed only by the fire of E6-1-C and E6-4. The closest instances are less than eight meters away.*

**E6-1-C:** Two, you're next, I still got ammo left!

**E6-2:** Copy!

*E6-3 and E6-4 pull E6-2 up together. The SCP-6717-1 mob is now less than three meters away.*

**E6-3:** Your turn, one.  Let's get you up here!

**E6-2:** One! Take my hand!

**E6-1-C:** Ok, I'll t– Aaargh! Fuck!

*An SCP-6717-1 instance has grabbed onto E6-1-C:s' leg, holding it with both its' hands. E6-1-C attempts to shoot it, but is out of ammunition.*

**E6-1-C:** I'm out of ammo! Fuck! 

**E6-4:** Me too!

**E6-2:** We all are! Try ta–

**E6-1-C:** Aaargh! Another (*pant*) one, another o– Hargh! Fucking grabbed me! It's holding my leg!

*Another SCP-6717-1 instance has grabbed onto E6-1-C, and the combined strength of both instances is pulling her down. The rest of Epsilon-6 is attempting to pull her up, to no success.*

**E6-3:** Come on now!

**E6-1-C:** No, this is it, you're gonna have t–

*In the midst of her sentence, E6-1-C is cut off by a loud bang. Both the heads of the SCP-6717-1 instances are torn apart nearly instantaneously, and their arms are letting go of E6-1-C.*

**E6-1-C:** I–, huh!?

**E6-3:** What the fuck!?

**Command:** Epsilon-6, look behind you.

*Epsilon-6 turns around, and E6-1-C crawls up over the edge of the roof. About ten meters diagonally above them is a military helicopter, with one of the side doors open. A person stands by the side door wielding a rifle, aimed at the SCP-6717-1 mob.*

**Command:** Saved your ass, didn't we?

**E6-3:** Right on fucking time. Jesus.

**Command:** Side door's open. We'll descend a bit further and then we'll get you in.

**E6-1-C:** Roger that.

*The Foundation helicopter descends near the rooftop, unable to make a landing due to the limited area. Epsilon-6 climbs into the helicopter using a descendable ladder.*

[END LOG]

</details>

## Addendum 6717.2: Further details of SCP-6717-1

<details>
<summary>+ View details</summary>

#### NOTICE FROM SCP-6717 RESEARCH TEAM

---

In accordance with recent discoveries, the SCP-6717 research team has decided to expand upon the behavioral details of SCP-6717-1. Below you shall find interviews with, and descriptions of the anatomy and behavior of, SCP-6717-1 instances.

-- Dr. Mohammed Hafeez, Lead Researcher, Observation post 249-C

SCP-6717 is populated by 300 Despite SCP-6717 having 500 residential buildings, only 300 are populated. The reason for this is unknown.  humanoid entities, referred to as SCP-6717-1. SCP-6717-1 instances are externally identical to *homo sapiens* (humans) but with notable internal and behavioral differences. SCP-6717-1 instances populate the residential housing, and act as the town residents.  All SCP-6717-1 instances are of Caucasian descent, and can appear as either female or male, with either gender making up for 50% of the population. Every male instance is identical in corporal attributes, and the same applies to every female instance. Autopsy reports have shown that SCP-6717-1 instances lack internal human biology, consisting solely of skin tissue. SCP-6717-1 instances also lack genitalia, mammary papilla Nipples , navels, or any body hair else than on the head. The throat and nasal cavities of SCP-6717-1 instances terminate below the vocal cords, and behind the nasal vestibule respectively. SCP-6717-1 instances do not breathe, and do not require oxygen nor sustenance for survival. It is as of yet unknown what happens to matter consumed by SCP-6717-1 instances.

If any SCP-6717-1 instance is terminated, another instance of the same gender will manifest in its' residence at the start of the following routine. The remaining biomass of the terminated instance will dematerialize over a period of ten hours.

Behaviourally,  SCP-6717-1 instances act similar to humans, albeit with impaired cognital function. SCP-6717-1 instances adhere to a set schedule of daily routines which every instance (with certain outliers) perform. These routines appear to serve societal functions within SCP-6717. In these routines, SCP-6717-1 instances assume one of five roles: "worker", "Grocery Food Store worker", "Food Brand Diner worker", and "mailman". SCP-6717-1 instances are capable of simple conversation on a few set topics, but are entirely incapable of comprehending concepts not part of their daily routines.

</details>

#### Addendum 6717.2.1: SCP-6717-1 routines

 **07:30** All SCP-6717-1 instances cease their docile state.

 **08:00** All SCP-6717-1 instances with assigned roles begin walking to their workplace. An estimated 40 SCP-6717-1 instances do not have roles. These instances stand inside their residence until 22:00, when they enter a docile state. 

**08:10** All SCP-6717-1 instances enter their workplace.

 **08:15** All SCP-6717-1 instances begin "working".

 **11:50** All SCP-6717-1 instances cease "work", and assume a docile state.

 **12:20** All SCP-6717-1 instances resume "work".

 **16:45** All "worker" SCP-6717-1 instances cease "work".

 **16:50** All "worker" SCP-6717-1 instances move towards the "Grocery Food Store" building.

 **17:50-18:20** All "worker" and SCP-6717-1 instances purchase aluminium cans at the "Grocery Food Store" using "dollars".

 **18:25** All SCP-6717-1 instances move towards their residences.

 **18:45** All SCP-6717-1 instances that have purchased aluminium cans eat the contents of the cans the SCP-6717 instances who assume "Grocery Food Store worker" roles never purchase nor consume contents of the cans. The reason for this is unknown. .

 **22:00** All SCP-6717-1 instances assume a lying position, and remain docile until the start of the next routine.

 **09:00** All SCP-6717-1 instances cease their docile state.

 **09:10** A seemingly random SCP-6717-1 instance assumes the "mailman" role, and begins to travel around by bike to every residential building in SCP-6717, and deposits an object similar to a newspaper in front of the door of the given house.

 **09:30** All SCP-6717-1 instances exit their homes and move towards the center of SCP-6717.

 **09:30-15:00** All SCP-6717-1 instances enter the "Food Brand Diner" building, where they are served the same aluminium cans available in the "grocery food store" building. Only twenty SCP-6717-1 instances enter at once. The instances inside consume the (as of yet unidentified) contents of the aluminium cans, and the instances outside engage in conversation. Conversation topics have been observed to be the weather, work, and the concept of "sports".

 **15:00** All SCP-6717-1 instances exit the center of SCP-6717 and move to their residences

 **15:10-22:00** All SCP-6717-1 instances stand inside their residences.

 **22:00** All SCP-6717-1 instances assume a lying position, and remain docile until the start of the next routine.

 **09:00** All SCP-6717-1 instances cease their docile state.

 **09:30** All SCP-6717-1 instances exit their homes and move towards the center of SCP-6717.

 **09:40** All SCP-6717-1 instances enter the "Religion Church" building, where they stand still. SCP-6717-1 instances that do not fit within the "Religion Church" building stand outside.

 **09:45** An entity referred to by SCP-6717-1 instances as the "Religion priest" manifests. This entity is referred to as SCP-6717-1-A. SCP-6717-1-A is identical to SCP-6717-1 instances, but wears a black robe.

 **09:45-11:45** SCP-6717-1-A recites the words "Christ is the text the is sacred the word of holy the lord holy the is blessed" continuously.

11:45 SCP-6717-1-A demanifests, and all SCP-6717-1 instances return to their homes.

 **11:55-22:00** All SCP-6717-1 instances stand inside their residences.

 **22:00** All SCP-6717-1 instances assume a lying position, and remain docile until the start of the next routine.

#### Addendum 6717.2.2 SCP-6717-1 interviews

<details>
<summary>+ View interview log 1998-02-16</summary>

**Interviewed:** A male SCP-6717-1 instance

**Interviewer:** Dr. Ryan Lane

 

[Begin Log]

**Dr. Lane:** My name is Dr. Ryan Lane, please state your name and identity for the record.

**SCP-6717-1:** My name is name smith. Hello.

 

**Dr. Lane:** How old are you?

 

**SCP-6717-1:** I'm not old now, but I'm not young anymore.

**Dr. Lane:** Could you state your age in years?

**SCP-6717-1:** My age is in years.

**Dr. Lane:** Alright, next question. Do you have any parents or relatives?

**SCP-6717-1:** I have many coworkers.

**Dr. Lane:** Who are your coworkers?

**SCP-6717-1:** Everyone is my coworker. Everyone works at my job. You work at my job. 

**Dr. Lane:** I don't work at your job, I work here.

**SCP-6717-1:** You are wrong. Everybody works at my job.

**Dr. Lane:** Ok, next question. Do you recognise the woman in the picture?

*Dr. Lane shows the SCP-6717-1 instance a photo of E6-1-C.*

**SCP-6717-1:** Yes, she works at my job.

**Dr. Lane:** What is her name?

**SCP-6717-1:** Name Smith.

**Dr. Lane:** Ok, do you recognise the building in the picture?

*Dr. Lane shows the SCP-6717-1 instance a photo of the grey building at the center of SCP-6717.*

**SCP-6717-1:** There is no building there.

**Dr. Lane:** Nothing here?

*Dr. Lane puts his finger on the building in the photo. As he does this, the SCP-6717-1 instance stands up from its' chair and begins walking towards Dr. Lane.*

**SCP-6717-1:** I don't recognise you.

*The SCP-6717-1 instance is stopped by the protective glass wall between them, but is seemingly unable to percieve the wall, and continues walking motions regardless.*

**Dr. Lane:** I'm leaving, see if he calms down, then terminate him.

*Four minutes after Dr. Lane leaves the line of sight of the SCP-6717-1 instance, it returns to its' seat.*

**Closing Statement:** The SCP-6717-1 instance was terminated. An identical instance was observed at the instance residence the following calendar day.

**Comment from interviewer:** The SCP-6717-1 instances seem completely incapable of comprehending anything other than SCP-6717. Our next focus should be to survey the grey building.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ View interview log 1998-02-18</summary>

**Interviewed:** A female SCP-6717-1 instance

**Interviewer:** Dr. Ryan Lane

 

[Begin Log]

**Dr. Lane:** My name is Dr. Ryan Lane, please state your name and identity for the record.

**SCP-6717-1:** My name is name smith. Hello.

 

**Dr. Lane:** Where do you live?

 

**SCP-6717-1:** In town name.

**Dr. Lane:** Town name?

**SCP-6717-1:** I've been there. That's the place where I live. 

**Dr. Lane:** Do you know of a grey building at the center of town name?

**SCP-6717-1:** I don't know of that.

**Dr. Lane:** There is a grey building, about 50 feet 15.24 meters  tall.

**SCP-6717-1:** There is no grey building.

**Dr. Lane:** And if i show you this, do you recognise it?

*Dr. Lane shows the SCP-6717-1 instance a picture of the grey building at the center of SCP-6717-1.*

**SCP-6717-1:** That is the town square where in town name.

**Dr. Lane:** And what would happen if I put my finger on it. 

**SCP-6717-1:** You can put your finger on the photo.

*Dr. Lane puts his finger on the building in the photo.*

**SCP-6717-1:** I don't recognise you.

*The SCP-6717-1 instance showed aggression, and was subsequently terminated. *

**Closing Statement:** An identical instance was observed at the instance residence the following calendar day.

**Comment from interviewer:** They definetely do not like you touching that grey building. I'd like to explore this a little bit further. Also, I wonder if these could be used to substitute D-class The use of SCP-6717-1 instances as D-class personnel has been proposed, and is currently under review. ?

</details>

#### Addendum 2.3 SCP-6717-1 image recognition testing log.

<details>
<summary>+ View test log 1998-02-21</summary>

| Action performed | SCP-6717-1 response |
| --- | --- |
| Projected image of the grey building. An image of a hand was superimposed over the photo | Aggression |
| An SCP-6717-1 instance is forced to touch a picture of the grey building. | No Aggression |
| A researcher touches a model replica of the grey building. | Aggression |
| A researcher touches a picture of the grey building with her elbow. | Aggression |
| A researcher points towards a projection of the grey building with a pointer. | Aggression |
| A researcher touches projection of the grey building with a to-scale model replica of an SCP-6717-1 instance. | No aggression |
</details>

## Addendum 6717.3: SCP-6717 Exploration Log 2

<details>
<summary>+ View Exploration Log 1998-04-29–1998-05-2</summary>

#### NOTICE FROM SCP-6717 RESEARCH TEAM

---

As has been proven in testing, SCP-6717-1 instances react with aggression to those who touch the grey tower, but will not react when they percieve another instance is touching the building. Thus we chose a different approach regarding the following Exploration Log: To create a temporary MTF team (MTF Nu-9 "Homeowners") consisting of MTF operatives that look similar to SCP-6717-1 instances, to minimize suspicion, and have them try to infiltrate SCP-6717 and breach the building at the center of SCP-6717.

-- Dr. Mohammed Hafeez, Lead Researcher, Observation post 249-C

### Notice

Due to MTF Nu-9 needing longer time to familiarize themselves with, and infiltrate the SCP-6717-1 population, the following Exploration Log transpired over four days. As such, instead of a video log transcript, the log will be told through logbook entries written by team lead N9-1-C.

**Exploration Logbook**

**Date:** 1998-04-29–1998-05-2

**Exploration Team:** MTF Nu-9 "Homeowners"

**Subject:** SCP-6717

**Team Lead:** N9-1-C

**Team Members:** N9-2, N9-3, N9-4

#### Logbook entry 1998-4-29

**Logbook author:** MTF Operative N9-1-C

**Log:** Today was our first day. Good god, what a place this is. It's all just *slightly* uncanny. Our first day has been fairly easy so far, all things considered. We started the day off by being dropped off by a truck in the middle of a highway in 33-degree heat, dressed in fifties trenchcoats, and had to walk up to the town. But stepping foot inside was quite the mindfuck, we'd just been in the desert and now we're in this, nostalgic, serene, timeless, neighborhood. It was strange. What's really weird is how there is no wear on anything. Everything looks all fine and clean and newly painted. Hasn't this place been in the desert for a while? Wouldn't dust sweep in?

Anyways, after we entered the town we went around looking at all there was to see, which wasn't much in particular. We checked in on the cameras the previous guys had set up, and there weren't any problems there. We also looked for corpse parts where the previous guys had shot some of the residents, but we found nothing. Apparently, the residents are skin all the way through, which unsettles me a little bit. We then headed towards the town center, and retrieved the explosive breaching device left by the previous group, who never got to detonate it. After that, we went and purchased some of the cans, and after receiving a "go ahead, but maybe don't eat too much of this stuff" from command, we ate it. It was, well, underwhelming. It tastes like exactly nothing. In fact, I'm eating some right now as I write this. The substance is grey, and is like a grainy sludge, and there really isn't anything more to say about it. 

Tomorrow the real shit starts. We're gonna have to go to "work", which i am not looking forward to. The descriptions we've been given are pretty bleak. Pressing random buttons all day without moving is not necessarily hard, but must be *extremely* boring. This is to test my patience I suppose. I'll end this here, I gotta get some sleep soon.

#### Logbook entry 1998-4-29

**Logbook author:** MTF Operative N9-1-C

**Log:** God, I fucking hate myself. 

Today has been *very* exhausting. I and the rest of the team went to "work" with the town residents. We started by waking up roughly at the time the other instances woke up, but by 08:00 we had to be ready at the door. We walked in silence, like some absurd parade, into the town center. We got to our work, and you would not believe how taxing that "work" was. We sat there for a solid *eight and a half hours*, tapping at buttons, not moving a single muscle. We weren't even allowed to go to the bathroom, since there is no goddamn bathroom in that building. Now, we hadn't eaten or drank much the day prior, but I was near fighting for my life at around 4:30 pm. And when the clock finally struck 4.45 pm, we finally got to move. I don't think I've been stiffer in my entire damn life. 

So, we went to the fake grocery store and bought some fake food, and were just about to head home when *I*, the *team leader*, decided was a good time to *mess it all up*. We were walking past the grey building, when I stopped and pointed toward it. In an attempt to be funny, I said something along the lines of "If all goes to plan, that thing's gonna get cracked open like a cold beer tomorrow" Which made *every, single,* town resident in the area immediately silence and look at me. We'd been talking about that building all the time, and not a single resident had batted a single eye, but *that* made them notice all of a sudden. Its confusing, every time you think you have a good grasp of how these things behave, they throw some kind of curveball like that at you, it freaks me out.

But I haven't even mentioned the worst thing about this incident yet. Since this was a strict violation of our purpose (to infiltrate SCP-6717) We're gonna have to stay one more day. The original plan was to enter the building tomorrow, but we'll have to "regain their trust", as if these guys don't forget who you are immediately after you leave their line of sight.

I wanna talk to Hafeez after we're done with this.

#### Logbook entry 1998-4-29

**Logbook author:** MTF Operative N9-1-C

**Log:**I think I'm gonna go fucking mad. Working with people who look almost exactly like you is freaky enough, but working with people who look like you, trying to infiltrate a town of *fake* people who look like you? That REALLY does numbers to your mind, let me tell you. Also, I'm almost certain there is something not good for you in that food. 

Today was Saturday, and was a relief compared to yesterday. All we had to do was walk to the diner and buy some "food", then talk to some of the residents. It sounds like a no-brainer, but this too was hard. The way these things speak is so fucking weird. Say you're talking about "sports", discussing that "the ball is round" or something equally pointless, when someone spontaneously switches the topic to talk about the weather, and you just have to immediately roll with it. Or sometimes don't, when the others completely ignore the attempt to switch the topic. 

This entire place is also starting to make me lose it. Everything is just so nice and perfect and fake. I feel like I've been losing track of time. I feel like I'm becoming one of them. It feels like I'm in a bad, weird, dream. It's also extremely easy to get lost, in fact, we almost did today, trying to go back to our base house. Since every house and every street is completely identical, trying to find your specific building is near damn impossible. In fact, command had to guide us with the help of drone footage. It was a real ordeal.

Also, the "mailman" came by our house today and gave us a "newspaper". I'll scan it in when I get back. Or someone else will. Cause I'll be taking my damn vacation.

#### Logbook entry 1998-4-29

**Logbook author:** MTF Operative N9-1-C

**Log:** Good lord, I was not suited for this mission. None of us really had that much appropriate experience, since we were chosen for our looks, and not things that matter like skill, or teamwork. 

I write this safely inside the Site-249 Observation Post 249-C, more back to my old self. I apologize for my crude and unprofessional language in the earlier reports. It was a taxing mission, I was frustrated, and I had no real chemistry with my team members. 

Today, was the big day. Today, we went head-on with the grey building.

We woke up early, at 06:10, to be done with everything once the SCP-6717-1 instances woke up. We gathered our gear, brushed our teeth, and set out. Despite waking early, I felt clear-headed. I think it was the relief that my trip was soon to be over. Together, we moved in silence towards the center of SCP-6717. 

Arriving at the center, all was silent. Everything was certainly more creepy that way. I, N9-3, and N9-4 were guarding, our guns raised, and N9-2 was setting up the breaching explosives left by the previous MTF team, along with some of our own. We were not going to risk awaking the entirety of SCP-6717 without at least doing some damage. We also mounted cameras, temperature gauges, and weather stations. Above, a Foundation helicopter was hovering, equipped with missiles. Setting everything up took quite a while, so when we were done, the SCP-6717-1 instances had already gathered in and around the church, listening to their "priest", seemingly unbothered by us. We were still wearing the costumes, so I assume that fooled them. After we had set up the breeching devices and all instruments, I got the honor to press the button. Now, in hindsight, I don't really believe explosives were the way to go, given we had no clue what was inside, but command had made their decision. 

So. I pressed the button. While I covered my ears, a massive boom cracked the building open. As the smoke and dust dispersed I was met with a wave of heat, it felt like I had opened an oven. Inside, the building didn't have any floors, like we thought it would. Instead, there was a single large room. And almost as large as the room itself stood a big, black, egg, which must have been over 40 feet tall  12.1 meters . We never got to see anything more properly, as the explosion had angered the SCP-6717-1 instances, and we had to get picked up by the helicopter.

For some reason, Hafeez and his team refused to give me clearance to view the file for the egg, strange.

</details>

## Addendum 6717.4: SCP-6717-2

### Notice

The following information is Level 6717/3 classified. To access the information, input the relevant credentials into your Foundation terminal.

<details>
<summary>+ Input level 3 credentials</summary>

SCP-6717-2 is an object of unknown origin, resembling an egg in shape, measuring 8 meters in width and 12 meters in height, estimated to weigh ca. 600 metric tonnes. SCP-6717-2 is located within the now reconstructed central building of SCP-6717. The building housing SCP-6717-2 is coated in a black metallic material, which is connected to the SCP-6717 power grid. The metal heats the room inside, producing an internal temperature of 45°C. The surface of SCP-6717 is black in color and is made of a silicate-based substance. The substance is anomalously hard, with an absolute hardness scale value of 1250, and a Brinell scale value of 1700 HB. Attempts at piercing or damaging SCP-6717-2 have previously failed, and further attempts are discouraged.

Inside SCP-6717-2 is a liquid substance of unknown composition, with an estimated higher density than water. Thermal and radiographic imaging has revealed a humanoid shape inside SCP-6717-2 assuming a fetal position. Due to the composition of the surface of SCP-6717-2, precise measurements are unable to be made, but the shape is estimated to be 15 meters tall standing upright, assuming standard human anatomical proportions. The humanoid figure has grown by 18cm every year since its discovery in 1998. Assuming linear growth, the entity inside SCP-6717-2 will become too large to fit inside SCP-6717-2 in 2055.

The Hume measurement of SCP-6717-2 is 112, compared to the Hume level of 89 present in SCP-6717.

**Note:** on 2009-08-10, an error in the Site-249 power grid infrastructure resulted in SCP-6717 receiving a power input of 94% of its designated 18 daily megawatts for 11 hours. During this timeframe, SCP-6717-1 instances displayed unusual aggression, and the Hume reading of SCP-6717-2 and SCP-6717 changed to 119, and 85 respectively.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** Mohammed.Hafeez@SCiPnet.int

**From:** Andrea.Ortega@SCiPnet.int

**Subject:** SCP-6717-2

---

In light of the recent discoveries made regarding SCP-6717 and SCP-6717-2, I've been thinking, and I would like to propose a theory regarding SCP-6717. 

SCP-6717-2 requires heat through electricity, presumably to be able to hatch, which it previously needed to source from the U.S. power grid. But a single building requiring an immense power input would look suspicious. But if hundreds of buildings require that input, things aren't that suspicious anymore. And in regards to why SCP-6717 appears so "fake", I'm not exactly certain. Perhaps it doesn't need to appear believable, as no one will come near it given its remoteness. Or who/whatever created SCP-6717, and laid that egg, doesn't quite understand how to fool humans. I believe we should be fearful of whatever might come out of SCP-6717-2. The Hume levels are worrying, and I have a gut feeling that whoever is behind SCP-6717 has reasons to prevent us from reaching that egg.

I would love to hear your thoughts on the matter. 

Best regards,

Dr. Andrea Ortega.

Secure. Contain. Protect.

</details>

<< [SCP-6716](SCP-6716) | SCP-6717 | [SCP-6718](SCP-6718) >>
