[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=scp-6794[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/rounderhouse-s-author-page[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments= Coming Soon - Rounderhouse

]]

---

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** Extant cases of SCP-6794 are currently believed to have been eradicated. Recovered victims of SCP-6794 are held in a standard biohazardous material containment chamber, and any interaction must be cleared by the on-site HMCL supervisor. Reports of isolated deaths and mangled corpses in the greater Washington state area are to be investigated for possible SCP-6794 resurgence.

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-6794 is a virulent anomalous contagion in the Seattle-Washington area. The source, vectors, and incubation period of SCP-6794 are unknown; investigation has discovered that initial victims shared close work or social relations, implying an aspect of physical proximity to transmission. SCP-6794 was first classified in March of 2015 with the discovery of the corpse of Alex Hurley.

SCP-6794 begins affecting the human body some time after initial transmission. Progression is divided into two phases. 

**PHASE I:**  

* Victims will notice a slight stiffness in their joints, resulting in inhibited and painful motion. However, this is insignificant enough to usually be dismissed as a muscle ache or cramp. 

* Victims will continue to go about their daily schedules, unwittingly spreading the contagion to other individuals. 

* Victims will also display a desire to remain indoors, and an attraction to fire. The relevance of these behaviors is unclear.

* Victims will send strange, delirious messages to close friends and family via SMS messages or emails, though never in person (See Addendum 6794.3). 

This phase will last for approximately one to two weeks, throughout which the level of pain will slowly increase. 

**PHASE II:** 

* Victims will fully retreat to a private location, generally their home but occasionally semi-secluded public areas such as broom closets or ceiling crawlspaces in their workplace. They will remain here for one to two hours in silence, unmoving but shuddering slightly. Minutes before the folding begins, they will remove all of their clothes, shoes, and accessories, neatly fold them, and place them nearby.

* Over the following 12 hours, the victim's body will fold in half ~~one to four times~~. The number of folds appears to be related to the proximity to the index case/patient zero; victims with more folds are higher up in the chain of infection. This process was used to determine the chronological series of infections, and locate the index case (See Addendum 6794.1, 6794.2). 

* The folding process results in massive internal trauma, bleeding, and disintegration of bone tissue. Folding occurs across a center axis; the first axis of folding is on the transverse plane across the waist, the second is on the sagittal plane between the legs, etc. 

* Despite the immense pain, no coworkers or neighbors reported any strange noises in the timespans when the victims would have been folding.

It is unknown whether victims remain alive through this process, as all victims have been discovered postmortem.

---

## Addendum 6794.1

### {{VICTIM LOGS}}

---

<details>
<summary>▶OPEN ADDENDUM◀</summary>

Full victim logs available at RAISA file request; this log represents what is believed to be the primary chain of infection.

> **Victim:** Alex Hurley, 12

> **Relationship to previous victim:** N/A

> **State of Corpse:** Folded 1 time across waist. Cause of death was aphyxiation after spinal cord was snapped in half along with vertebrae L2-L5.

> **Location of Discovery:** Inside ceiling crawlspace of Harding Wells Middle School. Body recovered before decomposition set in.

> **Victim:** Sarah Trizun, 31

> **Relationship to previous victim:** Teacher.

> **State of Corpse:** Folded 2 times; across waist, then in half across spine. Cause of death was massive internal bleeding. Most major bones shattered inside body.

> **Location of Discovery:** Inside bathtub within apartment shared with sister. Bathtub was filled with a few inches of water, and 35 scented candles. Authorities alerted by smoke detectors sounding for several hours uninterrupted.

> **Victim:** Sabrina Trizun, 28

> **Relationship to previous victim:** Younger sister.

> **State of Corpse:** Folded 3 times; across waist, in half across spine, presumably in half again twice. Detailed analysis impossible; see below.

> **Location of Discovery:** Inside 2009 Honda Civic, registered to victim. Inexplicably, the body was removed from under the hood of the vehicle pressed between the wheelbase and the engine block, where it would be impossible for the victim to have fit prior to folding. The engine had been running for at least an hour, melting off much of the victim's skin and charring the underlying bone, producing large amounts of smoke. As a result of these factors coupled with the traumatic fold, the body functionally disintegrated after being removed from the engine block, making an autopsy impossible.

> **Victim:** Marcus Moskovich, 34

> **Relationship to previous victim:** Boyfriend.

> **State of Corpse:** Folded 4 times. **{{REDACTED}}**

> **Location of Discovery:** Located throughout his home's plumbing system.

</details>

---

## Addendum 6794.2

### {{INCIDENT 6794.1}}

---

<details>
<summary>▶OPEN ADDENDUM◀</summary>

Investigation into Marcus Moskovich's affairs revealed that Moskovich's bank account had been receiving regular payments for 17 months from an encrypted address, which he had been using to pay the rent on a small warehouse in Seattle. The remainder of the funds were used to arrange monthly shipping of unidentified 'construction materials' from the warehouse, to Seattle's harbor, to Shenzhen, China. A fireteam from MTF Beta-7 ("Maz Hatters") was dispatched to investigate the warehouse.

Upon arrival, personnel noted the warehouse was filled with small metal containers hooked up to life support equipment and sealed shut. Initial counts estimated roughly 40 to 50 of such containers. Personnel forced several of the boxes open, revealing each contained a small cube of flesh, covered in a tight layer of skin and hair, measuring 8-9 cm and floating in a suspension of a substance later determined to be synthetic amniotic fluid. Personnel reported a soft, high-pitched ejection of air sounding from each of the cubes. Analysis is ongoing.

</details>

---

## Addendum 6794.3

### {{EVIDENCE RECORD 6794.2}}

---

<details>
<summary>▶OPEN ADDENDUM◀</summary>

Recovered from the phone of Sarah Trizun.

### Sis

are we still on for sunday?

hello?

Did you know the human body can only fold four times?

what

Did you know the human body can only fold four times?

Did you know the human body can only fold four times?

Did you know the human body can only fold four times?

But what if you could fold a fifth?

@@ @@

</details>

---

<< [SCP-6793](SCP-6793) | SCP-6794 | [SCP-6795](SCP-6795) >>

=====

> **Filename:** boxes.jpg

> **Name:** Historic AySA Archives

> **Author:** Ivan Rolero

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Historic_AySA_Archives_.JPG)

=====
