**Item:** SCP-6753

@@ @@

**Object Class:** Neutralized

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** Former procedures suspended indefinitely. The Foundation has agreed to co-fund the Lycanthrope Memorial Center and aiding *The Most Secret British Society for Lycanthropic Studies and Changeling Research*Institutional section of *The Most Secret And Arcane Academy of Her Majesty The Queen and The British Empire*, GOI-80403. in the scientific archiving and documentation of SCP-6753 related media and cultural objects of relevance.

@@ @@

**Description:** SCP-6753 designated a now extinct variant of the lycanthropic super-species Anomalous Paraphyletic Cluster APC-003., distinguishable by their red-coloured fur, thin tails and the presence of a sixth digit and toe on all limbs, as well as their ability to cloak and disguise themselves using Rho-type CPI-pheromones*Consciousness and Perception-Influencing* pheromones: biochemical signalling molecules exhibiting antimemetic properties. Synthesized in specialised exocrine glands located on the skin.. Geographical extension mainly centered around Southeast Asia, Lemuria and most of the Sino-Russian Tsardom. 

@@ @@

The species' complete and total extinction was determined and officially verified on the 16th Cheshvan of 1895 by GOC scientists, three years after the shattering of the moon, making it the fourth variant of the lycanthropic super-species that was unable to adapt to the lunar absence, despite all attempts on part of the FoundationRecords Level 3 - Classified..

@@ @@

Containment Research Project REDO-LENCE (CRP-0104), a joint venture of GOC and Foundation forces established in 1897, conducts physiological and histological research on the remaining corpses and bodies of deceased SCP-6753 instances, in order to document and analyse their biological means of Rho-type CPI-pheromone synthesis. The final and overarching goal of Project REDO-LENCE is to establish the industrial production of Rho-type CPI-pheromonesFor containment-related usage and purposes only. via the creation of a genetically modified organism, preferential prokaryotic, and the assembly of a microbial fermentation pipeline for drug manufacturing and purification.

@@ @@

Rho-type CPI-pheromones exhibit a multitude of favourable properties regarding their efficacy on baseline and anomalous humanoids, and early test screenings indicate lower and fewer adverse side effects compared to established amnestics/antimemetics.

@@ @@

The genetic components responsible for the biochemical production of Rho-type CPI-pheromones could be identified, synthesized and cloned into suitable vector plasmids. Transformation of multiple prokaryotic organisms, immortalized cells and various cancer cells was successful. Henceforth, such genetically modified organisms will be referred to as instances of SCP-6753-GMO.

@@ @@

Continuous progress is severely hindered due to the conceptual connection between lycanthropic genetic material and the now absent lunar satellite. While SCP-6753-GMO instances (see above) could be grown and cultivated without further difficulty, no metabolic production of Rho-type CPI-pheromones occurred inside the cells. Lacking any lunar presence, the necessary steps of gene transcription and protein synthesis cannot transpire without violating higher noospheric belief systems regarding lycanthropic nature.

@@ @@

Such intricacies were anticipated, and theoretical proposals for solution currently under discussion include:

* the total or partial relocation of Project REDO-LENCE to a parallel version of Earth, where the moon is still presentUnlikely to be considered due to the low propability of success., or to another celestial body possessing a comparable lunar satelliteNo fitting body is currently known..

* the cultivation and incubation of SCP-6753-GMO instances under artificial moonlight, or in the presence of an Astrological Pseudo-Lunar Radiation UnitConsistent and repeated failure of all pseudoscientific paratechnology has to be taken into account..

* the cultivation and incubation of SCP-6753-GMO instances in mooncalfThe term "mooncalf" refers to an abortive fetus, either of bovine or human nature. blood serum.

* the cultivation and incubation of SCP-6753-GMO instances in blood serum obtained from menstrual discharge.

* the cultivation and incubation of SCP-6753-GMO instances on moon-shaped cheese.

* the professional handling of SCP-6753-GMO instances by female research personnel bearing the names *Luna*, *Selene*, *Artemis* or *Diana* since birth.

* treating SCP-6753-GMO instances with purified saliva of somnambulant individuals.

 

* treating SCP-6753-GMO instances with bone marrow material obtained from deceased astronomers or taikonauts.

 

* insertion of SCP-6753 and baseline *Homo sapiens* genetic material in *Canis lupus* totipotent embryonic stem cells and initializing a cross-breeding experiment to create a canine SCP-6753-GMO instance similar in physiological makeup to SCP-6753.

 

* the revitalization of deceased SCP-6753 instances via necrochemical/necrophysical means for further studies and experiments.

@@ @@

The experimental usage of voluntary translycanthropic individualsModern popular denomination of primary human subjects employing anomalous means to mimic the possession of lycanthropic traits. in xenograft essaysThe transplantation of artifical organoids consisting of SCP-6753-GMO cells. or for cross-breeding (see above) was suggested and considered at multiple times, but was vetoed by the Judicial Department of Applied Divination.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 

<< [SCP-6752](SCP-6752) | SCP-6753 | [SCP-6754](SCP-6754) >>
