'Cause I've grown tired of this body

A cumbersome and heavy body

I've grown tired of this body

[Fall apart without me body](https://youtu.be/4o0WYiK52Dg?si=KPlNy9crO_zevBeS)

( Body - Mother Mother )

SCP-6356 - Take my Body Away From Me, Not Like I Need it Anymore.

[Image](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:A_rural_house_-_geograph.org.uk_-_5788166.jpg)

[Troutmaskreplica's author page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/trouts-authorpage)

**Item #:** SCP-6356

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6356 is contained in a standard Bio-hazard containment cell at Site-315. Maintenance activities, involving three D-Class personnel in hazmat suits, are scheduled biweekly for cleaning purposes.

**Description:** SCP-6356 is a large, vaguely spherical amalgamation of organs, bones, and flesh approximately 3 meters in height. SCP-6356 appears to be sentient, frequently moaning in apparent pain. SCP-6356's only discernible, fully functioning organ is a phallus.

SCP-6356 occasionally speaks through unknown means in a masculine voice, often followed by sobbing. It appears to not respond to outside stimuli. While communicating, SCP-6356 exudes a thick fluid composed out of blood and semen.

SCP-6356 was originally discovered in the personal room of ███ Greenfield, currently aged 25. SCP-6356 is genetically identical to Greenfield. The implications of this are currently under review.  She reported it appearing within her closet, sobbing and covering her clothing in a variety of bodily fluids.

Since initial containment, SCP-6356 has been repeating only the following line, interjected with sobbing:

> I won't ever be her. I'm sorry.

@@ @@

]

<< [SCP-6355](SCP-6355) | SCP-6356 | [SCP-6357](SCP-6357) >>

---

> **Filename:** herhouse.jpg

> **Name:** A rural house - geograph.org.uk - 5788166.jpg

> **Author:** N Chadwick

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:A_rural_house_-_geograph.org.uk_-_5788166.jpg)
