**Item #:** SCP-6486

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~SCP-6486 is to be kept inside standard storage unit 23 located within containment Wing-87 at Site-98.~~ SCP-6486 is to be kept in Dr. Layla Barnes' office at Site-43. Due to the nature of the anomaly, no further containment procedures are required.

**Description:** SCP-6486 is a painted wooden doghouse measuring one meter by one meter. The anomaly shows signs of corrosion and damage. When SCP-6486 is approached by a human individual, the entrance to the anomaly will increase to accommodate the size of the individual. Once the subject has entered the anomaly, the entrance will return to its original size. 

SCP-6486 is a dimensionally transcendental structure, with the interior of the anomaly appearing to be a vast grass field. This field, designated SCP-6486-1, is seemingly infinite, and all attempts to locate the field outside SCP-6486 have proven unsuccessful. Aerial reconnaissance accomplished with Foundation-owned drones has revealed; that SCP-6486-1 has an area of at least fifty kilometers. Past this point, however, electronic devices begin malfunctioning. 

 

A large ornate wooden door, designated SCP-6486-2, is located two kilometers from SCP-6486's entrance point. A carving on the front of SCP-6486-2 depicts a humanoid entity with a skull similar in nature to that of a Canis lupus familiaris.A German Shepard. The humanoid depicted in the carving appears to be floating over a cityscape. Knocking on SCP-6486-2 will cause the door to open. Immediately, a bright light will emit from inside. At this moment, the subject may experience retinal damage.

The light will quickly dissipate after an entity, similar in likeness to a deceased individual close to the subject. The entity will close the door behind them. SCP-6486-3 assumes the likeness of a deceased individual emotionally close to the subject who activated SCP-6486-2. Individuals within SCP-6486-1 will be capable of interacting with the entity. After an unknown amount of time, the entity will vanish, along with SCP-6486-2. At this point, when the subject returns to the entrance to the anomaly, the entryway will once again. The entire process repeats itself once a new subject enters the object. 

     

**Interview Log:**

D-3978 being interviewed by Dr. Rosa Burn from her quarantine chamber following a test with SCP-6486.

<details>
<summary> +Interview Log</summary>

> **Interviewed:** D-3978, a female member of D-class

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Rosa Burn

> 

> **Foreword:** Alan would've been better at this. But this is I, Senior Researcher Dr. Rosa Burn interviewing D-3978 following her test inside SCP-6486.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Good evening, D-3978.

> 

> **D-3978:** Hi. Can I come out now?

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Not until we know that you're all right. This is all standard procedure to make sure you won't-

> 

> **D-3978:** What? Blow up? Turn into some sort of monster? Infect everyone with some sort of virus?

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** I never said that. 

> 

> **D-3978:** Ugh, can you at least get me a book or something? I swear I'm going to lose my mind if I have to spend another day in here twiddling my thumbs doing nothing. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** I'll talk to my supervisor. Although, if you tell me all that I need to know, I might just throw in a good word for you. 

> 

> **D-3978:** Fine... I'm guessing this is about that doghouse?

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Yes! How about we start from the beginning when you initially entered the anomaly.

> 

> **D-3978:** Well, I did what those guards said and crawled through the hole. I'll admit, I was half expecting it to close in on me when I was halfway through.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** But it didn't.

> 

> **D-3978:** No, it didn't. I just crawled through and found myself in some sort of field. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** What kind of field? Did you recognize where you were?

>  

> **D-3978:** It was like any other field I've seen. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** So there were no significant landmarks?

> 

> **D-3978:** Not as far as I could tell.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** In any case, what did you do next?

> 

> **D-3978:** As soon as I finished looking around, I barely noticed that the door in the doghouse was quickly shrinking. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** I understand that must've been quite shocking.

> 

> **D-3978:** Yeah, to say the least. But after trying and failing to scramble my way out of there, those same scientists who sent me there initially ended up telling me to scout the surrounding area or something like that.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Did you?

> 

> **D-3978:** Seeing as my choices were either disobey and die or do what they say and most likely get killed, I ended up going with the option that didn't have me getting killed by my fellow man. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Where did you go?

> 

> **D-3978:** They told me to go forward from the doghouse while they tried to figure out a way to fix the entrance.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** How long did you end up walking?

> 

> **D-3978:** I don't know. It felt like a while until the radio they gave me started to sound... Static-y? I think that's the right word for it. When I started getting more nervous than I already was, they told me to keep walking, which I wasn't the biggest fan of, But in the end, I still did it, even after losing contact with them. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** How long did you keep walking then?

> 

> **D-3978:** I didn't count every step, for God's sake. I just kept walking until I came across a door of all things. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Just a door? Out in the middle of where you were?

> 

> **D-3978:** Yep. I was just as confused as you are.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Ok. What did the door look like? Did it have any markings or anything of note on it?

> 

> **D-3978:** It these weird carvings all over it. I can't describe it. The main thing that stood out to me was a carving of a guy who had some bizarre skull for a head. I think it might've been a dog's skull? I couldn't tell. But the guy was floating over some city.

> 

> [Dr. Rosa Burn sighs.]

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Alright. Was there anything else about the door that stood out to you?

> 

> **D-3978:** It had one of those door knocker things. But other than that, it just looked like your everyday door in the middle of a field of all places. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Did you end up approaching it? The door, I mean.

> 

> **D-3978:** I was apprehensive at first. I mean, who wouldn't be under the circumstances? Also, knowing how people in the same position as me end up didn't help all that much either. But after a while of looking around, I walked over to it.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** What did you do?

> 

> **D-3978:** I tried opening it, but it was pretty much sealed shut. After that, I ended up going for the door knocker thing.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** I'm assuming you used it?

> 

> **D-3978:** Yeah, it was surprisingly heavy even though it was just a metal ring, not even the size of my palm.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** After you used it, did anything happen?

> 

> **D-3978:** Not for a second. I was just about to leave before it burst open, and I swear to you, the brightest light I've ever seen comes bursting out of it. Damn thing nearly blinded me for a few seconds before I could get my bearings. But before I could do anything, the door shut just as suddenly as it opened, followed by someone stepping out.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Who or what was it?

> 

> **D-3978:** It was my dad. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Your birth father?

> 

> **D-3978:** Yeah...

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** What happened next?

> 

> **D-3978:** No, you don't understand. My dad died from cancer when I was 14, but now, here he was, looking like nothing ever happened. For the longest time, I've always wanted to just see my dad one more time.  

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Oh, I see.

> 

> **D-3978:** And he just looks at me with that same damn smirk that always pissed me off as a kid and said, 'Long time no see, eh kiddo?'

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** How did you react?

> 

> **D-3978:** Leaving was pretty much at the back of my mind. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Alright, what did you do next?

> 

> **D-3978:** It had been what, a few decades since I last talked to him? There were so many things I had to tell him. I told him about how Mom was happy with her boyfriend, my little cousin was a practicing doctor, and I even told him that he was a grandparent. That final part made him ESPECIALLY happy. He wished he could've met them, but I guess we can only take what we're given. I tried asking what he had been up to, but the only answer he could give me was, 'It's beyond anything that he could put into words.'    

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** That sounds nice.

> 

> **D-3978:** It was... Although, I did leave out my current situation with you guys.

> 

> [A moment of silence passes between D-3978 and Dr. Rosa Burn.]

> 

> **D-3978:** Anyway, after we finished catching up, he 'jokingly' asked if I wanted to share a smoke with him. Which he thought was HILARIOUS because he died from lung cancer, although I couldn't say I felt the same. But I couldn't stay mad at him since if you knew him personally as I did, you'd know that'd be in line with his type of humor.  

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Since you turned down his offer, what did you do next? 

> 

> **D-3978:** We just ended up looking out at the field together, more or less marveling at the fact that we were both back together after everything that had happened. It was nice to do something with my dad after all these years.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Afterward, did anything else happen? 

> 

> **D-3978:** After we talked, right as I felt like I was getting accustomed to being with my dad again, he looked at me and said, 'Sara, I'm so glad I got to see you again.'

> 

> [D-3978 begins to cry]

> 

> **D-3978:** I said I was happy to see him too. And right as the words left my mouth, he was gone. For the first time in God knows how long, I was with my dad again, and like before, he was gone again. But, before he was gone, he told me something. 

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** What did he tell you?

> 

> **D-3978:**  When it was obvious he wasn't going to make it, my family and I gathered around to say goodbye to him. But at this point, thanks to his cancer treatments and what the cancer had done to him, he was barely even conscious. And right as the doctor was about to pull his life support, he turned towards me and quietly said something.

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** Were you able to hear him?

> 

> **D-3978:** Never got the chance, the oxygen mask he had hooked up to his face blocked out anything he tried to say, but right before my dad was gone again, he told me what he said.  

> 

> **Dr. Rosa Burn:** What did he say?

> 

> **D-3978:** 'I love you.'

> 

**<End Log>**

</details>

Following this interview, Site-87 command has decided to transfer SCP-6486 to Site-43 to serve as a therapeutic tool for therapist Dr. Layla Barnes to use on Foundation staff. D-3978 was also released from Foundation custody following being amnestized and now works at a Foundation-owned cover business.

<< [SCP-6485](SCP-6485) | SCP-6486 | [SCP-6487](SCP-6487) >>
