#page-title{display:none}

[*/synthpanda More by SynthPanda_]

[*/prismal More by Prismal]

# NOTICE:

---

The following article has been archived due to SCP-6361's neutralization. 

This article was last accessed {{1,997}} days ago.

**Item #:** SCP-6361

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation webcrawlers will monitor social media sites for evidence of SCP-6361 events. Should evidence of continued SCP-6361 activity be discovered, the relevant Foundation personnel will be alerted automatically.

<details>
<summary>Show Previous Special Containment Procedures</summary>

Foundation webcrawlers will monitor social media sites for evidence of SCP-6361 events. Should evidence of a future SCP-6361 event be discovered, a nearby Mobile Task Force will be deployed to prevent the event from taking place. An effort will be made to capture the SCP-6361-1 instances, as well as the individual(s) responsible for the performance. Following a completed SCP-6361 event, all civilians should be amnesticised, and treated for anomalously inflicted injuries or conditions.

</details>

**Description:** SCP-6361 refers to a series of theatrical performances marketed towards children, presented by members of GoI-192 ("[Meat Circus](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/groups-of-interest-of-the-russian-branch#MC)"), which have taken place across the continental United States. SCP-6361 is a small and mobile operation, with the individual(s) responsible for the events spending no longer than two days in any given community. The day before an SCP-6361 production, posters advertising a free production of a classic European fairytale will appear across the community, sparking interest in the production. In all known cases, records indicate that the production team had reserved their venue of choice a minimum of six months before their performance, however the owners and employees of the venue have no recollection of when or how the reservation was made.This has also occurred for establishments that do not allow their spaces to be reserved by non-members Performances always reach capacity despite the fact the community has been aware of the event for under 48 hours.

The staple of SCP-6361 performances are SCP-6361-1 instances. SCP-6361-1 are animate entities of dubious sentience and intelligence, which have been sculpted out of flesh from a large variety of animals.  Including human, blue marlin, orangutan and cat.  Each instance possessed some genetic material which genetically matched one unidentified human. Later confirmed to be PoI-6361. SCP-6361-1 are crafted to best suit their assigned role in the show, and act as the crew, props, and the majority of actors during the event. The remaining roles are filled by child volunteers, who are selected randomly from the audience.

The SCP-6361-1 instances and child volunteers will reenact a version of the advertised fairy tale. The play will typically reflect the most violent popular version of the existing fairy tale, with additional violence not present in other versions of the stories being inflicted on the SCP-6361-1 instances. The performances are narrated by an unknown individual, who is believed to be the main party responsible for these performances. 

In the final act of the performance, the child volunteers will be severely injured by an SCP-6361-1 instance, causing the audience members to panic. A number of previously unseen SCP-6361-1 instances will appear and begin attacking panicking members of the audience, while the narrator explains the moral lesson of the performance. By the time authorities arrive at the scene, the troupe responsible for the event will have disappeared, with the occasional exception of injured or immobile SCP-6361-1 instance.

Examples of SCP-6361 events have been provided below. A record of all SCP-6361 events and [associated documentation](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-bears) can be found in Document 6361.0.Alpha.

| Event Designation | Fairy Tale Adapted | Aftermath |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Incident 6361-12A | Three Little Pigs | Upon arriving on the location, Foundation personnel found small "houses" on stage composed of tendons, bones and bricks composed of human organic matter. Two SCP-6361-1 instances of short stature lacking visible noses and ears were found throwing these bricks at audience members and holding pig masks composed of skinned pig's head. The child volunteer was found wearing a pig mask, and had several broken bones. Foundation medical personnel were able to expedite the bone healing process, and the child volunteer was released and amnesticised after 24 hours. A number of audience members contracted minor concussions, small cuts and bruises due to the thrown bricks and ensuing rush to the exits, most of which did not require prolonged medical attention. Four pig masks and a wolf mask matching those used in the show were found in the private collection of a taxidermist unaware of the event's nature. The masks do not appear to have anomalous properties. SCP-6361-1 instance playing "The Big Bad Wolf" was not recovered. |
| Event Designation | Fairy Tale Adapted | Aftermath |
| Incident 6361-23A | The Little Mermaid | The teenager playing "The Little Mermaid" was found bloodied and kneeling above inert SCP-6361-1 "Prince" and "Princess" entities in a bed, crying while the audience jeered, swelling music playing over loudspeakers. Upon further examination, the teenager's tongue was found to be dissolved, their Adam's Apple damaged, and their feet embedded with glass shards. Following a partial glossectomy and reconstructive surgery, they have made a successful recovery. SCP-6361-1 "Prince" entity was found to be consistent with prior recovered instances  see  Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, and Cinderella events for more details  sharing DNA with SCP-031-ARC  consistently being described by audiences as "the most beautiful man they've ever seen." The SCP-6361-1 "Princess" instance was identical to the teenager, however the audience universally described it as "prettier" or "more feminine" than the teenager. A live SCP-6361-1 "Sea Witch" instance composed of squid and octopus and a SCP-6361-1 "Poseidon"  instance composed of a variety of Atlantic fish were also recovered. Both entities seem unable to communicate but will spontaneously perform song and dance routines.  Based on lyrics Poseidon's routine has been dubbed "You Will Never be a Real Human Girl" while the Sea Witch's has been dubbed "Beauty is Pain".  |
| Event Designation | Fairy Tale Adapted | Aftermath |
| Incident 6361-27A | Hansel & Gretel | A majority of audience suffered first or second degree chemical burns from SCP-6361-1 "Oven" entity's An SCP-6361-1 entity determined to have been made of eyes, muscles and bone which  had reportedly been made to explode after child volunteers were forced in by the SCP-6361-1 "Witch" entity. stomach acid which Foundation medical staff successfully treated. The children portraying Hansel and Gretel suffered from third degree chemical burns, and eye damage, which caused blindness. With surgical intervention, both children were able to make a full recovery. SCP-6361-1 "Witch" entity was recovered partially dissolved.  SCP-6361-1 "House" entity was found intact save two bite-marks taken out of it. |
| Event Designation | Fairy Tale Adapted | Aftermath |
| Incident 6361-33A | Little Red Riding Hood | Upon their arrival, MTF-Tau-22 ("Forest Fires") found the SCP-6361-1 "Wolf" instance bloated, and in a dormant phase. The entity's torso, neck, and six appendagesFour of which were used for locomotion, the remaining two acted as arms. was composed of various human cadavers, while its face was made up of various canine faces sown together over a seemingly human face. Post-recovery testing found that the entity is able to unhinge its jaw like a snake for feeding, though it does not have an apparent biological mechanism allowing it to do so. Tau-22 noticed screaming emanating from within the entity's stomach cavity, where ten live children who had played the part of Red Riding hood and the corpse which played the "Grandmother" role were discovered. The children had broken bones and superficial damage from stomach acid burns. A follow up investigation found that the "Grandmother" corpse was acquired through non-anomalous grave-robbing, and it was later returned to its burial site. |
**Incident 6361-Finale** 

Weeks after Incident 6361-33A, Head Researcher Anderson located an advertisement for another SCP-6361 event being held within her neighborhood. The advertisement purported the show to be a "grand finale" which would feature a number of fairy tales, rather than just one. Anderson's team quickly removed all advertisements, and secured the building in which the event was said to take place, although no evidence of GoI-192 activity was found. 

The following day, an advertisement appeared in Dr. Anderson's mailbox, which had the following message written on it in sharpie marker: 

> This is a formal invitation to Dr. Anderson. The rest of you lot are not welcome. I would like to talk. 

> - The Director

Because of Dr. Anderson's experience as Research Head of SCP-6361 and having no conflicting obligations her attendance of an SCP-6361 event was approved with  MTF Epsilon-6 (“Village Idiots”)  Epsilon-6 was in the area due to an unrelated assignment.  on  standby in the immediate area. Dr. Anderson was provided with CRV increasing gnostics as well as audio-visual recording equipment to record the event. 

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*Dr. Anderson enters the theater. It is dark, and there do not appear to be any other people inside. A spotlight flares up, and shines down on a seat in the middle of the theater. Dr. Anderson stands in the doorway for a few seconds, but eventually relents and moves to sit in the indicated seat.*

*After Dr. Anderson sits, unidentified music begins to play. The curtain lifts on the stage, and clapping can be heard from every direction. Dr. Anderson frantically looks for the source of the noise, but uncovers nothing.*

*Six SCP-6361-1 appear, three entering from the left of the stage, and three from the right. All instances are humanoid, but represent different characters from different fairy tales. From right to left, they each bow.*

*The applause becomes louder, as a massive humanoid figure walks onto the stage. Due to the lighting, it is difficult to discern exactly what they look like.*

**PoI-6361:** Well then! It looks as though our biggest fan was finally able to make it to one of our shows! You chased us all around the country, and you finally caught up to us, just in time for our grand finale. Now, isn't that just fate?

**Anderson:** Fate? Hardly. You set up your show in my neighborhood.

**PoI-6361:** It was a happy coincidence, really.

**Anderson:** You sent a written invitation to my home address. You knew where I lived, and you wanted to ensure I'd come. Let's be honest with each other here, otherwise I doubt this meeting will be all that useful to either of us.

**PoI-6361:** Yes, well... *(chuckling)* Ms. Anderson, you and I have been doing this song and dance for quite some time now. You and your Foundation have been obsessed with us! I thought it would be nice to have a little chit chat, you and I. Director to director. Artist to their biggest fan.

**Anderson:** Right... I think you misunderstand the nature of this relationship. And it's Doctor.

**PoI-6361:** Pardon?

**Anderson:** Dr. Anderson. Not Ms. Anderson. Now, I have a few--

**PoI-6361:** Ah yes, your Foundation does love its modern trappings.

**Anderson:** ~~Questions about ~~ Sorry?

**PoI-6361:** You call yourself "Doctor", as though that title in and of itself is indicative of your knowledge. You believe your so-called sciences can answer everything. Your obsession with the real, the factual, the "scientific", it prevents your from engaging with art on an emotional level, doesn't it?

**Anderson:** You are assuming quite a lot, Ms...

**PoI-6361:** You may call me... *(The figure bows)* The Director.

**Anderson:** Right. I see. Well, I have a few questions for you, If that's ok. 

**PoI-6361:** I'm always happy to field questions from fans.

**Anderson:** Right. I suppose the most important question is, well, what are you hoping to accomplish here?

**PoI-6361:** I'm not surprised you have trouble understanding my art. Your empiricism limits you, doctor.

**Anderson:** Actually, I was asking about this meeting...

**PoI-6361:** You likely think of my constructs as hideous. You see, Dr. Anderson, the crudeness of the constructs that reflect the "nature savage" within all of us, within reality itself, played out in these grim fairy tales. Your so-called modernity has made you all soft and weak. You've all forgotten the truths, the morals and lessons those of yesteryear tried to impart. It may be too late for you, but not for your children. I have taught them the old ways, the hard lessons, and they have learned them, and they will remember them always. Those children we've taught will beget more and they will *teach* their lessons. In that way, this art goes beyond the theater.

**Anderson:** So you decided to indiscriminately hurt a large number of children to... teach them a lesson?

**PoI-6361:** That's what I said, yes.

**Anderson:** You realize how that sounds, right? I know I'm supposed to -- Seriously, just think about what you just said.

**PoI-6361:** Whatever, I don't expect you and yours to understand. Regardless, the effect my art has on others cannot be denied. It will forever be a part those children's lives, and time will inevitably vindicate my actions.

**Anderson:** You seemed to be somewhat familiar with the Foundation. You do realize that we've amnesticized everybody who's seen one of your performances, right?

*PoI-6361 stiffens.*

**PoI-6361:** What?

**Anderson:** It's standard operating procedure. Everybody who's seen one of your performances doesn't remember it. 

**PoI-6361:** I ~~ *(laughs nervously)* Well, that's rather rude of you. I appreciate the extra attention, but~~

**Anderson:** As I said, it's standard operating procedure. 

**PoI-6361:** But~~ Well, whatever. Your literalist views still limit you. Memory isn't just ethereal, my lesson here has still left my audience with physical scars, which in and of themselves are a form of~~

**Anderson:** Ok, ignoring how insanely fucked up that kind of thinking is, that's not true either. It's also standard procedure for us to treat injuries that were anomalously inflicted on civilians. Your little stunt will have no effect on anybody, and thank god for that because it was just an insincere excuse to harm others.

**PoI-6361:** How dare-- Insincere? *Insincere???* I quite literally gave my blood, sweat, and tears to my creations. I spent months and months working to create the perfect vehicles to deliver my art. Not only do you attempt to erase my work from existence, but you have the *nerve* to insult my masterpiece by calling it *insincere*?

**Anderson:** Masterpiece? You call this a m--

**PoI-6361:** ENOUGH! 

*PoI-6361 lets out an inhuman shriek. Anderson steps back. PoI-6361's skin begins bubbling, and their back arches as a large growth appears on their back with their body gaining in height. The SCP-6361-1 behind them begin to spasm.*

**PoI-6361:** So, you don't like my shows so far? You think my art isn't up to snuff? You think my creations and their lessons deserve to be forgotten? NO! I won't be forgotten! I won't *let* you make me into something forgotten.

*PoI-6361 continues to scream, their mouth and face distorts. The bulbous growth on their back continues to gain in size. Dr. Anderson scrambles out of their seat and begins to back towards the door.*

**Anderson:** Shit!

 

**PoI-6361:** I... WILL... NOT... BE... FORGOTTEN!

*A large amount of steam begins to come off of PoI-6361. The growth breaks off. PoI-6361 and the growth then quickly begin to slough off their skin and and organs. PoI-6361 lets out a final shriek, before their head detaches from their body, and PoI-6361 and the SCP-6361-1 crumple to the floor. Dr. Anderson stands in silence for a moment. After several seconds of PoI-6361 appearing completely inert, she sighs.*

**Anderson:** Well, that was... absolutely pointless.

**[END LOG]**

Following PoI-6361's death, all SCP-6361-1 instances within Foundation containment and the theater collapsed and began to rapidly putrefy. After months of no detectable activity, SCP-6361 was reclassified to Neutralized, and all staff were re-assigned to different projects. Staff were given the option of amnestic treatment, however most declined, citing the fact that SCP-6361 had not had a significant impact on their mental health, and that they believed they would largely forget the incident anyways.

<< [SCP-6360](SCP-6360) | SCP-6361 | [SCP-6362](SCP-6362) >>
