= [Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/bread-tyrant-authorpage)

**Item #:** SCP-6408

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6408 has yet to be contained. Personnel are advised to stay within their respective locations.

**Description:** SCP-6408 is an oracular-shaped *hole* within the human noosphere, acting as a pathway to a much larger noospheric expanse. This invariably leads to foreign structures entering into consensus thought.

These foreign structures are metaphysical in nature, presenting as commands/demands. A subject's mind perceives these as subconscious thoughts and thus are acted upon without the subject's knowledge.

**Log of Foreign Structures:** Each of these instances resulted in the subjects congregating at the derelict Foundation Site-301.

> **Instance #1** 

> **Demand:** "Screws"

> **Result:** 48 personnel began to use their fingers to pull out assorted screws from Foundation buildings.

> **Response:** No response.

> **Instance #2** 

> **Demand:** "Steel beams"

> **Result:** 13 personnel began to use their fists to punch at the concrete walls. After roughly 72 hours of this, the personnel retrieved several steel support beams from inside the walls.

> **Response:** No response.

> **Instance #3** 

> **Demand:** "Cement"

> **Result:** 5 construction personnel diverged from a convoy of construction vehicles, bringing bags of cement to Site-301.

> **Response:** Unaffected personnel began to follow the diverging convoy, which resulted in all of them being terminated by affected personnel at Site-301. The cadavers were repurposed for sustenance.

> **Instance #4** 

> **Demand:** "Guards"

> **Result:** STF Theta-4 left their positions at Area-140 and walked towards Site-301, taking up defense positions there instead.

> **Response:** No response.

> **Instance #5** 

> **Demand:** "Food"

> **Result:** 18 research personnel in the staff break room at Area-140 began raiding the cafeteria, bringing it to Site-301 in stolen vehicles.

> **Response:** No response.

> **Instance #6** 

> **Demand:** "Wires"

> **Result:** 15 Foundation engineers began pulling apart equipment and machinery, collecting bags of assorted cables and wires before heading to Site-301.

> **Response:** No response.

> **Instance #7** 

> **Demand:** "Gears"

> **Result:** The same Foundation engineers returned the following day attempting to enter Area-140. Replacement STF operatives attempted to stop the incoming personnel, but were easily eliminated by the attackers, who then proceeded to tear apart more machinery, returning to Site-301 with bags of assorted gears.

> **Response:** No response.

> **Instance #8** 

> **Demand:** "Workers"

> **Result:** A total of 289 personnel from several Sites converged at Site-301.

> **Response:** No response.

> **Instance #9** 

> **Demand:** "Electricity"

> **Result:** The affected personnel began to hijack Foundation powerlines, diverting electricity to Site-301.

> **Response:** No response.

> **Instance #10** 

> **Demand:** "Foundation"

> **Result:** {{Insert Information Here}}

> **Response:** {{Insert Information Here}}

<< [SCP-6407](SCP-6407) | SCP-6408 | [SCP-6409](SCP-6409) >>

=====

> **Filename:** medium.jpg

> **Authors:** , NASA

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Derivative of:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:SMM_panel_hole.jpg)

=====
