**Item #:** SCP-6647

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6647 is currently stored in Item Locker 6647 at Site-19. Should any other instances be recovered, they should be stored within Item Locker 6647 after recovery ~~and testing~~. No further procedures are considered necessary. 

**Description:** SCP-6647 is a liquid substance stored in a red glass perfume bottle. SCP-6647 is comprised of a lemon extract, a lime extract, an unknown liquid substance, and a human blood-like substance. The bottle is labelled "Imperception de Citron." Translated from French to English: Citrus Imperception  The bottom of the bottle possesses a series of unidentified thaumaturgical symbols carved into the glass.

When SCP-6647 is applied directly to the skin using the bottle's spraying device, the wearer's presence is forgotten by other persons at the wearer's discretion. These persons will be unable to perceive the wearer unless they are directly touched. Immediate memories of the wearer will be removed from the memory in a manner similar to the application of a Class-A amnestic. This is true for wearers being viewed on live video feeds and similar media as well, although recordings which are at least ten minutes old are unaffected. 

The effects of SCP-6647 will dissipate within ten minutes, or when the subject is perceived by touch. Lost memories of the wearer, as well as memories of perceiving the wearer while under its effects, will return to those affected by it. This often creates brief moments of panic or confusion. The substance emits a Hume level of 100.25 and creates a notably strong citrus scent.  This is 0.25 Humes above baseline reality standard. 

SCP-6647 was discovered on 8/1/2022, when Site-19 security personnel were alerted to a suspicious package which manifested in the site's mail room. The package was investigated and found to have a Hume level of 100.5. The package was found to contain SCP-6647 and a note. The note provides the global positioning coordinates of [GoI-6696,](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/shades-and-polo-act-one-the-show-is-about-to-begin) and a request to "clean them up." This information is included for its relevancy to Investigation 6647 to aid investigators and may not be relevant to this article. 

**Addendum 6647-1:** Testing Logs

NOTICE: Due to the nature of SCP-6647 and the possibility of successful escape attempts being made by Class-D Personnel, testing is to be halted indefinitely. Requests for testing may be made to your Site Director's office, accompanied by proof of Level-3 credentials. 

> **Test #:** 01

> **Date:** 8/1/2022

> **Subject:** D-8675309

> **Procedure:** Apply SCP-6647 to the subject's face, under the chin.

> 

> **Results:** Subject was immediately forgotten by researchers. Believing the subject had not yet been brought to the testing lab, researchers contacted site security to request a new test subject be brought to them. On realizing this, D-8675309 left the room and began wandering the building in search of the exit. Researchers noted that the room smelled strongly of lemons, even while under SCP-6647's effects.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** Thanks solely to the labyrinthine nature of this facility, D-8675309 was recaptured without issue, but they very easily could've left if they knew the route. I suggest we halt testing entirely, unless someone on staff would like to volunteer.

> **Test #:** 02

> **Date:** 8/1/2022

> **Subject:** D-8675310

> **Procedure:** Apply SCP-6647 to the subject's face, under the chin. 

> 

> **Foreword (opt.):** This test was performed as a result of the previous test, prior to the effect wearing off.

> 

> **Results:** Subject was immediately forgotten by researchers. Before researchers could contact site security to bring a new test subject, the effect from Test #01 wore off, causing researchers to panic and contact site security to locate D-8675309. On realizing this, D-8675310 left the room and began wandering the building in search of the exit. Researchers noted that the room smelled strongly of lemons.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** D-8675310 managed to locate the exit and was apprehended at the front gate after the effect wore off.

**Addendum 6647-2:** Incident Information

<details>
<summary>► Incident 6647-1</summary>

> **General Incident Report: 8/2/2022**

> 

> **Involved Items/Persons:** SCP-6647, PoI-6647

> 

> **Incident Description:** At 1655 hours, a young man dressed in a top hat and a suit and tie (PoI-6647) entered Site-19 via the primary garage entry while wearing SCP-6647.At no point does PoI-6647 access SCP-6647, indicating that there are other instances of the substance. They held the door open as someone left and entered through the opened doorway. An automatic intruder alarm was triggered, however, due to the effects of SCP-6647, site security were unable to perceive PoI-6647 and the person entered the facility. PoI-6647 attempted to navigate Site-19 before becoming apparently lost, at which point the effects of SCP-6647 dissipated. Site security located PoI-6647, who was immediately detained and interrogated. A transcription of the interrogation is included below.

> **Interrogation Log: 8/2/2022**

> **Interrogator:** Security Agent Stromm

> **Detainee:** PoI-6647

> **Others (opt.):** Dr. Patra

> 

> ****Begin Log****

> 

>> *Agent Stromm sits back in his seat and stares at PoI-6647 for a few seconds before talking.*

> 

> **Stromm:** So who are you?

> 

>> *PoI-6647 stares at Agent Stromm, upset.*

> 

> **Stromm:** I said, who are you? Silence won't save you here. We take intrusion seriously, especially on your level. You're better off telling us who you are before we take you and find out. 

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Fuck you.

> 

>> *PoI-6647 spits on the interview table.*

> 

>> *Stromm takes a deep, exasperated breath.*

> 

> **Stromm:** Yeah, alright, fucker. Let me explain something to you. Do you know where you are?   Do you know what we do here? We lock things up. I mean we keep hold of some pretty fucked up shit. We kill things just to satiate horrors the likes of which you've never seen. I've killed people, I mean I have fucking slaughtered people. You think you're big game? You think you and whatever little gang you're part of is hot shit? We have ethics committees built just to stop me from breaking you into pieces, but you had better give us something, or I swear to god you will experience a level of pain the likes of which you will never fucking forget. 

> 

> **PoI-6647:** I've sworn an oath. You don't scare me. I'm not telling you jack shit. I serve mom to the end. ..wait.

> 

> **Stromm:** Do you seriously expect me to believe th-

> 

>> *PoI-6647's handcuffs and restraints fall to the ground and PoI-6647 slaps Agent Stromm across the face.*

> 

> **Stromm:** What the fuck.

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Come on man, handcuffs and rope are the first trick in the book. You ever hear of Harry Houdini? Man was-

> 

>> *Agent Stromm jumps over the interview table and tackles PoI-6647, restraining him again. Agent Stromm slams PoI-6647's head into the interview table.*

> 

> **Stromm:** Who the **fuck** do you work for!?

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Agh! Christ man, I already told you!

> 

>> *Agent Stromm slams PoI-6647's head into the interview table again.*

> 

> **Stromm:** Do you seriously expect me to believe that you work for your mother!? Do I look like a fucking dumbass!?

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Oww, fuck man, no! Th-the M.O.M.! 

> 

> **Stromm:** Never heard of them, explain. 

> 

> **PoI-6647:** No. I'll tell you that much, you'll have to kill me for the rest. 

> 

>> *Stromm grabs PoI-6647 by his shirt collar.*

> 

> **Stromm:** That can be arranged. 

> 

>> *Dr. Patra is speaking from an observation room.*

> 

> **Dr. Patra:** Stromm! Good lord, let the kid go a little. 

> 

> **Stromm:** I don't appreciate being slapped, Cleo.

> 

> **Dr. Patra:** Me neither, but don't kill him. I really would have to report you and probably get Ethics involved. Just send him back.

> 

> **Stromm:** Fuck. Fine.

> 

>> *PoI-6647 is escorted out of the room by site security. Dr. Patra enters the interview room. Stromm reaches for the recorder.*

> 

> **Dr. Patra:** No, let it roll for a moment.

> 

>> *Dr. Patra sits in the interviewee chair, across from Agent Stromm.*

> 

> **Stromm:** So.. who's the M.O.M.?

> 

> **Dr. Patra:** We don't know much, honest. They're magicians, best as we can determine.

> 

> **Stromm:** Okay? Why isn't thaumaturgy in here yet then?

> 

> **Dr. Patra:** Different kind of magic. Like.. like street magic, but real. Pulling rabbits out of top hats and the like. They use odd, jerry-rigged thaumaturgy that we don't understand to cheat some bigger tricks, but in general, it's some new kind of thing. 

> 

> **Stromm:** Not sure I'm following.

> 

> **Dr. Patra:** Well.. his handcuffs, for example. He didn't flip a little secret lever or pull a key from his pocket. He just got out of them. Didn't pick the lock, didn't pry them off. It's the trick of a street magician, but it's not a trick.

> 

> **Stromm:** And you know all this because..?

> 

> **Dr. Patra:** ..I can't say until the O's get back to me. If you ever come into contact with someone like him again, you need to tell me immediately. Anyone from the M.O.M., anyone who performs this sort of magic. Crash kids' birthday parties if you have to.

> 

> **Stromm:** ..You got it, boss.

> 

> ****End Log****

</details>

<details>
<summary>► Incident 6647-2</summary>

> **General Incident Report: 8/2/2022**

> 

> **Involved Items/Persons:** PoI-6647

> 

> **Incident Description:** At 2335 hours, security cameras in Detainment Block C recorded PoI-6647 appearing to have a conversation with someone. No other persons are in or around PoI-6647's cell. Whether or not PoI-6647 is actually contacting another person is under review. A full transcript of PoI-6647's monologue is included below.

> **General Video Log**

> **Date:** 8/2/2022

> **Location:** Detainment Block C

> **Involved Persons:** PoI-6647

> 

> ****Begin Log**** 

> 

>> *PoI-6647 recedes into the back of his cell. He moves his cot back a little and sits behind it, laying against the back. PoI-6647 holds out his right pinky finger and rubs the end of it. He holds out his right thumb and holds his right hand against the side of his head with his thumb pressed against his ear and his pinky near his mouth.*

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Hey there, miss operator. Sounding lovely as ever. Could you patch me through to short-term operations? 

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Sure, I'll wait.

> 

>> *Roughly 15 seconds of silence pass.*

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Hi, is this short-term? 

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Right. Look, I made a mistake. I mean I really scr-

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Sure. You know that package we lost? You must've heard about it from the other guys in record-keeping by now.

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Wha- you mean to tell me I went through all this bullshit for something you sent out on purpose? Why wasn't there a memo!?

> 

> **PoI-6647:** But you always send memos by sleeve, why would you send a memo by hat? Do you know wh-

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Yes ma'am.

> 

>> *PoI-6647 removes his hat and reaches into it, then removes a sheet of paper. PoI-6647 reads it and places it back into his hat.*

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Yes ma'am, just read it. My apologies.

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Yes I am, ma'am. Cell Block C.

> 

>> *PoI-6647 begins laughing.*

> 

> **PoI-6647:** That's a good one, ma'am, sending Chucky Carjack out here. 

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Oh god, you're serious.

> 

> **PoI-6647:** W-well yes, ma'am, I understand beggars can't be choosers, but you have to understand-

> 

> **PoI-6647:** The man's insane, miss! Psychotic! This planet's got cross-planet comms, we'd be lucky if whatever he pulls stays at a national level. 

> 

> **PoI-6647:** I hear office talk, the guy starts chases with authorities just to kill time! Do we really want that kind of attention right now?

> 

>> *Roughly sixty seconds passes.*

> 

> **PoI-6647:** I believe in the code of magicians and the process of ranking. I will not speak back to you in such a manner again.

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Goodbye, ma'am.

> 

>> *PoI-6647 puts his right hand back into his pocket and lays back against the cot more.*

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Fucking Carjack..

> 

> ****End Log****

> 

> **Additional Notes:** After this was discovered, PoI-6647's hat and other clothing articles were confiscated and searched. No items were found.

</details>

<details>
<summary>► Incident 6647-3</summary>

> **General Incident Report: 8/3/2022**

> 

> **Involved Items/Persons:** SCP-6647, PoI-6647, PoI-7746

> 

> **Incident Description:** At 0240 hours, a middle-aged, tall man dressed in a top hat and a suit and tie (PoI-7746) entered Site-19 while wearing SCP-6647. While at Entry Door A, PoI-7746 produced the ID card of Mark Clements, a Level-01 Cook, from his inner sleeve. Clements reported his ID badge as missing later that day.  An automatic intruder alarm was triggered, however, due to the effects of SCP-6647, site security were unable to perceive PoI-7746 and the person entered the facility. PoI-7746 slid a map of the facility out of his pocket and used it to navigate to Detainment Block C, then located PoI-6647's cell. PoI-6647 and PoI-7746 had a short conversation before SCP-6647's effect wore off, at which point PoI-7746 was detained and interrogated. The related video logs are attached below.

> **General Video Log**

> **Date: 8/3/2022**

> **Location:** Detainment Block C

> **Involved Persons:** PoI-7746, PoI-6647

> 

> ****Begin Log****

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Hey, kiddo! What a pickle this is, huh?

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Chuck! Hey man, it's, uh, great to see you! Yeah..

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Hah! S'alright, I heard about your call. Not a fan favorite? I bet I can change your mind.

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Yeah sure alright, just get me out of here, would you?

> 

> **PoI-7746:** I got something I gotta do first, I'll be back then.

> 

> **PoI-6647:** I- what? Just give me some memory juice and let's just waltz out! Or better yet, travel by doorway? Or smokebomb? Please?

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Hah! You are so small-minded. Sure, I could do those tricks, but where's the fun in that? The entertainment, the pizzazz? No, I have better plans.

> 

>> *PoI-7756 looks down at his wristwatch.*

> 

> **PoI-7746:** And they start in 3.. 2..

> 

> **Security Agent 1:** Wha- Hey! Who the fuck are you!?

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Be back soon, kid!

> 

> **PoI-6647:** Wait! No! God da-

> 

>> *Speech is covered by sounds of security agents struggling with PoI-7746.*

> 

> ****End Log****

> **Interrogation Log: 8/3/2022**

> **Interrogator:** Security Agent Stromm

> **Detainee:** PoI-7746

> **Others (opt.):** Dr. Patra, Site Director's Office

> 

> ****Begin Log****

> 

> **Stromm:** So, is Chucky Carjack your real, legal name?

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Names can be illegal?

> 

> **Stromm:** They can here.

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Y'know, this is a strange planet.

> 

> **Stromm:** I take it you're not from this planet?

> 

> **PoI-7746:** The origin planet? Of course not, who the hell comes from here? This is such a weird yet boring place to be born.

> 

> **Stromm:** Where do you work out of?

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Why, my show's always moving! In fact, you can catch the next performance of Carjack's Vehicular Magic this Sunday, Sunday, Sunday at gli-

> 

> **Stromm:** No, no, I mean where does M.O.M. operate out of?

> 

>> *Roughly ten seconds of silence pass.*

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Well that's pretty to-the-point. Does the direct approach usually work ou-

> 

> **Stromm:** Oh come *on,* asshole. Your little paly-pal gave me some of the same bullshit. Tell me where you motherfuckers work or I'll be forced to start hurting people. 

> 

>> *Roughly ten seconds of silence pass.*

> 

> **PoI-7746:** .. do you like magic tricks? 

> 

> **Stromm:** At least give me something so I don't have to break you entirely.

> 

>> *PoI-7746 reaches behind his right ear and holds a set of car keys over the interview table.*

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Are *these* your keys, sir?

> 

> **Stromm:** How.. We patted you down twice, checked every crevice. Where did you get those?

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Well, *are* they your keys?

> 

>> *Agent Stromm inspects them closer, then puts them into his pocket.*

> 

> **Stromm:** No.

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Are you *sure?*

> 

> **Stromm:** Yes, now-

> 

>> *The phone in the observation room begins to ring.*

> 

> **Stromm:** You stay there. Don't move. You two watch him.

> 

>> *Stromm points to the two other security agents in the room.*

> 

>> *Stromm leaves the room and joins Dr. Patra on a call with the director of Site-19. PoI-7746 holds out the thumb and pinky finger on his right hand and holds his hand over the microphone in the interview room.*

> 

> **Site-19 Dir.:** -understand you two are investigating some sort of security breach in there, right?

> 

> **Dr. Patra:** Yes sir, we are.

> 

> **Site-19 Dir.:** Alright. I keep a tracker planted in the keys to my personal vehicle. To cut to the chase, and I'm not proud to admit this, but I seem to have misplaced them. Tracker indicates they're in that room, though I can't fathom why. I haven't been in there since my early days. Have you seen them?

> 

>> *Stromm reaches into his pockets but doesn't find anything.*

> 

> **Stromm:** Wha- I just had 'em here, sir. I'll get ahold of them.

> 

> **Site-19 Dir.:** Thanks. I can come down there in a couple minutes and help dig them up. Treat them like they were your keys, alright? See you in a bit.

> 

>> *PoI-7746 begins grinning. He removes the keys from his sleeve again and holds them over the table as Stromm reenters the interview room.*

> 

> **Stromm:** How the h-

> 

>> *PoI-7746's handcuffs and restraints fall to the ground. PoI-7746 stands from the table.*

> 

> **PoI-7746:** Tadaa! Well, it's been fun, but I have things to do. See ya!

> 

>> *PoI-7746 snaps his fingers. He is obscured by a thick black smoke. After the smoke clears, PoI-7746 is revealed to have disappeared from the room.*

> 

> **Additional Notes (opt.):** Fuck Patra, shouldn't have even bothered with her "anger management" trash. Should've done something with him before all this got out of hand. -Security Agent Stromm SA Stromm's been reported to the director's office for unprofessional behavior and has been arranged for meetings with the psych ward. -Dr. Patra 

</details>

<details>
<summary>► Incident 6647-4</summary>

> **General Incident Report: 8/3/2022**

> 

> **Involved Items/Persons:** PoI-6647, PoI-7746

> 

> **Incident Description:** At 0310 hours, PoI-7746 escaped his interrogation room and appeared in PoI-6647's cell. PoI-7746 grabbed PoI-6647 by the arm and snapped his fingers, at which point the two were obscured by a cloud of thick black smoke. When the smoke cleared, PoI-7746 and PoI-6647 are shown to have disappeared and reappeared in the Site-19 Staff Parking garage. PoI-7746 produced a set of keys from his pocket and opened the site director's vehicle. The two climbed into the vehicle with PoI-7746 in the driver's seat, and the vehicle exited the building at a high speed. An escapee alert was sent out to site security, who quickly got into their vehicles within a couple of minutes and chased after the site director's car. For brevity and ease of reading, transcriptions of the recording devices in each vehicle have been spliced together into one, which has been included below. 

> **Vehicle #19-037 Video Log: 8/3/2022 (Edited - Multiple)**

> **Occupants:** 1 - PoI-6647, PoI-7746. 2 - Security Agent Stromm. *+5 others...*

> 

> **Foreword:** This is an edited log including multiple other logs. Each log has been designated as Log 1, 2, 3, etc.

> 

> ****Begin Log****

> 

> **1 - PoI-6647:** Oh god, I'm gonna be sick!

> 

> **1 - PoI-7746:** First chase, kid!? You're gonna love it! Oop, hang on!

> 

>> 1 - *PoI-7746 rolls down the window on the vehicle's passenger side.*

> 

> **1 - PoI-7746:** Vomit on my ride and I throw you out of it!

> 

>> 1 - *PoI-6647 sticks his head out of the open window and vomits.*

> 

>> 2 - *Security Agent Stromm rolls down the driver side window of his vehicle and holds a megaphone out of it.*

> 

> **2 - Stromm:** You two! Pull the car over or we'll be forced to open fire!

> 

>> 1 - *PoI-7746 rolls down the driver side window and sticks his left hand out, driving with one hand. He holds his fingers in the shape of a firearm and lowers his thumb like the firearm's hammer.*

> 

>> 2 - *A 9mm round strikes the vehicle's left rear-view mirror, shattering it.*

> 

> **2 - Stromm:** God damnit! 

> 

>> 2 - *Security Agent Stromm picks up the radio in his vehicle. The vehicles reach 90mph.*

> 

> **2 - Stromm:** All units, suspects are hostile, repeat, suspects are hostile! Open fire!

> 

> **1 - PoI-7746:** Well, that ain't good!

> 

>>  All - *Site-19 security opens fire on vehicle 1. PoI-7746 reaches his hand out the window again and continues firing into the other vehicles. A 7.62x39mm round pierces vehicle 1's back windshield and lodges itself in the front windshield.*

> 

> **1 - PoI-6647:** Oh shit! Oh god!

> 

>> 1 - *PoI-7746 opens his mouth and pulls a screwdriver out of it, then stabs the screwdriver into the side of the steering column. He pushes the gear shift into neutral and throws the steering wheel to the left, causing the vehicle to spin violently around its center of gravity. The vehicle somehow continues moving in the same direction and at the same speed.*

> 

> **1 - PoI-7746:** Hang on to something, kid!

> 

>> 1 - *PoI-6647 is yelling incoherently.*

> 

>> 1 - *The vehicle spins around the road erratically, though manages to avoid most gunfire, with most of the bullets striking non-vital portions of the vehicle's hull.*

> 

> **2 - Stromm:** Somebody call the locals before they manage to drive onto the freeway! 

> 

>> *Security Agent Stromm's in-vehicle phone begins calling the local authorities.*

> 

> **N/A:** █████ Police Department, Chief Handlon speaking.

> 

> **2 - Stromm:** This is Chris Sturk for Shield and Cross Prison, we're chasing two escaped convicts! You need to shut down the I-██ immediately! 

> 

> **N/A:** Hah! What, you don't speak to us for months, and now you only call whe-

> 

> **2 - Stromm:** God damnit Handlon, do it or I cut so much fucking funding you won't be able to feed your kids! Put up a roadblock after the tunnel!

> 

> **N/A:** Yes, sir!

> 

> **1 - PoI-7746:** Okay, kid! I need you to take the wheel!

> 

> **1 - PoI-6647:** I- what!? No fucking way!

> 

>> 1 - *PoI-7746 slaps PoI-6647 across the face. PoI-7746 then removes the screwdriver from the steering column and pulls the gear shift back into drive. The vehicle ceases spinning and returns to a regular driving orientation, maintaining a speed approaching 105mph.*

> 

> **1 - PoI-6647:** Okay, okay!

> 

>> 1 - *PoI-6647 climbs over the divider and into the driver's seat as PoI-7746 climbs out of the driver side window and onto the hood of vehicle.*

> 

> **2 - Stromm:** What the fuck is he doing!?

> 

>> 1 - *PoI-7746 stands on the hood of the vehicle, with his left foot against the passenger side of the windshield. Note that the vehicle's speed has increased to 110mph, which should ordinarily be fast enough to throw PoI-7746 over the roof. PoI-7746 holds his arms out as if holding a rifle.*

> 

>> 3 - *Vehicle 3's left front tire is shot by a .22LR round, causing it to pop. The vehicle begins veering to the left uncontrollably, crashing into vehicle 6 and pushing them both off the road.*

> 

>> All - *The remaining vehicles open fire on vehicle 1 again. PoI-7746 takes a shot at vehicle 2, puncturing the vehicle's windshield and narrowly missing Security Agent Stromm's left shoulder. PoI-7746 climbs back into the vehicle through the driver side window, forcing PoI-6647 to move back to the passenger side while the vehicle sustains heavy gunfire.*

> 

> **1 - PoI-7746:** Okay, new plan! Too much gunfire, we lose them in the tunnel!

> 

> **1 - PoI-6647:** What!? How!?

> 

> **1 - PoI-7746:** It's a new trick I learned! Toss me your rit knife!

> 

>> 1 - *PoI-6647 removes his hat and reaches into it, then removes a long knife with a slightly curved blade. PoI-7746 takes the blade from him and cuts PoI-6647 along the upper left shoulder, causing PoI-6647 to bleed a purple liquid. PoI-7746 covers the blade in the liquid, then stabs the blade into the front of the steering wheel, causing the airbag to deploy. PoI-7746 cuts away the airbag and quickly carves a series of thaumaturgical symbols in the steering wheel.*

> 

> **N/A:** Roadblocks are set up, they won't know what hit 'em!

> 

> **2 - Stromm:** Good! We'll chase 'em into the tunnel and corner 'em there!

> 

>> 1 - *The vehicle's speed increases at a rate faster than should be possible, eventually plateauing at roughly 195mph.*

> 

> **2 - Stromm:** Keep firing! They're coming up on the overpass tunnel!

> 

> **1 - PoI-7746:** Meep meep!PoI-7746's speech does not translate into any known language and may be entirely incoherent.

> 

>> All - *Vehicle 1 races through the tunnel entrance, at which point vehicle 1's video feed is lost. Bullets begin to strike the entryway to the tunnel, revealing that the tunnel has closed and has transformed into a hyper-realistic painting of the tunnel's entrance. The other vehicles collide with the painting, which has been made on solid concrete. In the painting, vehicle 1 can still be seen driving away from the entrance and out the other side. Due to the collision, five security agents, including Security Agent Stromm, are severely wounded and one is killed. Vehicle 1 does not appear at the other side of the tunnel.*

> 

> **End Log**

> 

> **Additional Notes:** I swear to god I'm gonna  take a ride to Chucky Carjack's vehicular magic show! This Sunday, we visit Gliese 581c at Big Jimmy's Monster Truck Arena! This is a one time event so buy your tickets now! Don't miss out on this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity with some never-before-seen stunts performed by the legendary Chucky Carjack! The first 100 ticket orders get an additional meet-and-greet photo with Carjack himself and an unique dirtbike fridge magnet! That's Big Jimmy's Monster Truck Arena on Gliese 581c, coming only this SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY! Buy tickets now!  - Head Security Agent Stromm

</details>

@@@@

<details>
<summary>► Additional Document(s)</summary>

> **From:** s19director@scipnet.int

> **To:** cpatra@scipnet.int

> **CC:** *none*

> **Subject:** Re: Investigation Request - M.O.M.

> 

> In light of recent events, your request to open an official investigation on the group known as the M.O.M. has been approved. The group has been designated GoI-6647 and this investigation has been designated Investigation #6647. You'll be provided official workspace and a small team in the coming days. I understand you've been investigating this group for a long time now and I'd like to personally apologize for our slow timeliness in its official approval.

> 

> I want my car back.

> 

> -The director, Site-19.

> **This document has been incorporated into Investigation #6647**

</details>
