.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

 _

**Special Containment Procedures:**  Foundation assets in physics research groups are to sabotage work that might lead to civilian discovery of SCP-6935.  MTF-hν, "The Light Brigade," is tasked with the tracking and disruption of GoI activities involving SCP-6935.  Long-term containment possibilities, ranked by desirability, currently include:

# Reinforcement of the boundary between our universe and SCP-6935-1.

# Systematic, ongoing expulsion of antimatter from our universe.

# Complete material destruction of SCP-6935-1.

**Description:**  SCP-6935 is an extra-universal buffer space between our universe and SCP-6935-1, SCP-6935-1 is designated SCP-4935-α-PRIME in the [legacy documentation](http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-4935), where it was originally believed to be our own universe in the distant future. its charge, parity, and time-reversal (CPT) complement.  That is, a universe principally comprised of antibaryons.  Antibaryons can be understood as moving "backward" in time relative to baryons, the particles which make up our universe.  For example, protons are baryons, with antiprotons their corresponding anti-baryons. 

<details>
<summary>+Addendum 1</summary>

A timeline of key events involving SCP-6935 is provided below.

> **10/8/2018:** The access point of SCP-6935-1  is discovered in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.  (DRC.)

> 

> **12/20/2018:**  Physical Review Letters publishes a communication suggesting the existence of a CPT-complementary universe, comprised almost exclusively of antibaryons.  "CPT-Symmetric Universe," *Phys. Rev. Lett.* DOI:  https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.121.251301 

> 

> **01/31/2019:**  The access point of SCP-6935-1 is neutralized after its inhabitants undertake hostile action against the Foundation.

> 

> **02/07/2019:**  SCP-6935-1 is speculated to be the CPT complement of our universe by Senior Researcher Quentin Silver.

> 

> **02/09/2019:**  Approval is given to Senior Researcher Silver for attempted reentry into SCP-6935-1.

> 

> **03/02/2019:**   A CPT inversion conduit prototype is completed.  A logistics delay prevents immediate D-class exploration.

>  

>  **03/03/2019:**  A drag-tailed spider, later identified as a female *Arachnura scorpionoides*, Notably endemic to the DRC.  emerges from the conduit.  Upon reaching the hallway, the spider is neutralized by security personnel.

> 

> **03/05/2019:**  Particle detection experiments are conducted on the spider carcass.  The sample is found to be 0.59% antibaryonic by mass, several orders of magnitude above baseline, though inconsistent with SCP-6935-1.  The conditions within SCP-6935 increase the rate of spontaneous baryon-antibaryon pair generation by more consistently "recycling" the radiation from annihilation events into new pair creation events.  That is, the dynamic equilibrium is shifted to favor matter-antimatter pair generation.

> 

> **03/11/2019:**  D-Class Personnel D-662607 enters the CPT inversion conduit.  D-662607 immediately falls back through the conduit, unconscious and bleeding severely from his eyes, nose, and mouth.  D-662607 dies within minutes.  

> 

> **03/16/2019:**  An unmanned drone is piloted into the CPT inversion conduit.  D-Class Personnel D-662611 views a video feed.  D-662611's body sublimates into a smoke-like colloid.   Personnel present reported a sulfurous odor. 

> 

> **03/21/2019:**  An unmanned drone is piloted into the CPT inversion conduit.  D-Class Personnel D-662619 listens to an audio feed.  D-662619's body is reduced to a wet powder.   Later identified as ash soaked in the blood of at least six members of *Capra aegagrus*, the common goat.   

> 

> **03/23/2019:**  Particle detection experiments are conducted on the powder.  The sample is found to be .012% antibaryonic by mass.

> 

> **05/15/2019:**  Machine learning algorithms are used to autonomously develop appropriate cognitohazard-censoring software, using the previous video and audio feeds as a training set.  Software is integrated into a delayed-feed headset.  Testing on D-Class Personnel D-662981 verifies protection in the case of remote observation of SCP-6935.  Censored video feed of SCP-6935 depicts a rocky beach.  The sky is overcast.  Several humanoid entities appear to be lying on the ground.  An additional entity, censored by the software, wanders from one to the next.  The censored entity is later designated SCP-6935-A.

> 

> **05/17/2019:**  Expedition into SCP-6935 occurs.  See Addendum 2.

>

</details>
 _

<details>
<summary>+Addendum 2</summary>

Three members of MTF-hν, callsigns Mad Catz, Outlaw, and Longshot, were selected for the expedition due to their unusually high memetic resistance quotients.  The three operatives entered SCP-6935 at 08:00 on May 17, 2019.  Callsign "Archangel" is tasked with remote coordination.  Mad Catz is designated commanding officer.

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> [The trio arrive on the beach observed by D-662981.  The censored figure is no longer present, but the humanoid entities are observed approximately one kilometer up the beach.]

> 

>  **Mad Catz:** Archangel, we're inside.  Feed look good?

> 

>  **Archangel:**  Affirmative, Mad Catz.  Any injuries?

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  Not our team.  Not so sure about the guys from the video though.

> 

> **Archangel:**  They're not going anywhere.  Can you do a quick baryon sweep?  Just on the sand or something?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  On it.

> 

> [Outlaw takes the measurements while Mad Catz and Longshot unpack their gear.]

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Huh.  Looks like the sand's about fifty-fifty matter/antimatter. 

> 

> **Archangel:**  You sure about that?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Yeah.  Why?

> 

> **Archangel:**  We thought 4935 would be mostly antimatter.

> 

> **Mad Catz:** Maybe you only got us halfway there?

> 

> **Archangel:**  Huh.  Can you guys check out those bodies up ahead?

> 

> **Mad Catz:** Can do.  

> 

> [The team unpacks their weapons and proceeds toward the humanoids, stopping roughly 100 meters away.  The humanoids writhe on the ground, screaming in apparent pain.  They appear to be deformed, emaciated humans with a variety of mechanical body augmentations.]

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  Archangel, who are these guys?  Why do they look like this?

> 

> **Archangel:**  I think they're Akot.  The involuntarily immortal inhabitants of SCP-6935-1.  These humanoids all suffer from a genetic condition which sporadically displaces them into the little-understood "High Horror," a universally reviled topic amongst their people.  They have developed reality-anchoring cybernetics to avoid being transported to the High Horror.    Looks like we got you to 4935 after all.

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  What are those things they've all got on their chests?

> 

> **Archangel:**  Those are the harnesses that keep them anchored in 4935.

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Oh, Goddammit.

> 

> **Longshot:** What?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  The harnesses are broken.

> 

> **Longshot:**  I don't get it.

> 

> **Outlaw:** We're in the High fucking Horror.

> 

> [SCP-6935-A materializes in front of the trio.  They train their rifles on it.]

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:** Is that what they're calling it?  It's not like their home's much better.

> 

> **Mad Catz:** Who the Hell are you?

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  An interesting choice of words.  My given name is [COGNITOHAZARD CENSORED], but I have a number of nicknames that I quite enjoy.

> 

> **Mad Catz:** Try another cognitohazard and it'll cost you your life.

> 

> [SCP-6935-A moves toward Mad Catz.]

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  Oh, feisty.  Tell me, did you put those ears on your headset yourself?  I'm more partial to horns, personally, but-

> 

> **Mad Catz:** One inch closer and you die.

> 

> [SCP-6935-A continues advancing.  MTF-hν opens fire, causing SCP-6935-A to collapse.  Video feed ceases censorship of SCP-6935-A, revealing the corpse to be a nude, white male in his thirties, with leathery black wings extending from his back.]

> 

> **Longshot:**  So who is this guy?

> 

> [Longshot nudges the corpse with his foot.  It dissolves into a black sludge, which is quickly absorbed into the sand.]

> 

> **Longshot:**  Shit!

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  You alright?

> 

> **Longshot:**  Yeah, just, uh, didn't think I kicked it that hard.  

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  If you can't kick a man's ass so hard that he dissolves into liquid, you don't deserve a spot in this squad.

> 

> **Outlaw:**  What do we do about the Akot?  Why are there so many of them?

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  What do you mean?  Don't they all have the genetic condition that displaces them?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Yeah, but their augmentations wouldn't all break at the same time.

> 

> **Longshot:**  What are you thinking?  Mass failed suicide?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  No, they're smarter than that.  Seems weird that the spider, us, and every lost Akot would end up in the same place at the same time.

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  What are you saying?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  I got a C in high school physics, but if time flows forward in our universe, and backward in 4935, maybe it doesn't flow at all at their border.

> 

> **Longshot:**  But we're moving.  

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  But this place isn't.  Have you seen the tide since we got here?

> 

> **Longshot:**  Shit, you're right.  [He licks a finger.]  No wind either.

> 

> **Outlaw:**  I think we should get out of here.

> 

> **Longshot:**  What about the Akot?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Forget 'em, kid.  They're technically classified as Foundation enemies.  If we could kill them, we'd be obligated to.

> 

> **Mad Catz:** Sorry, Longshot, he's right.  Nothing we can do for them anyway.  

> 

> **Longshot:**  I meant:  Why are they in pain?  Did that guy have something to do with it?  

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Oh, right.  That.  Yeah, beats me.

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  Same here.  Archangel, do you want us to come back or what?

> 

> **Archangel:**  Can you check one of the Akot for antibaryons first?

> 

> [Outlaw produces a hunting knife.]

> 

> **Outlaw:**  On it.

> 

> **Mad Catz:** Jesus Christ, Hee Haw, can't you just take a fingernail or something?

> 

> [Outlaw rolls his eyes before severing a lock of hair from the nearest Akot.]

> 

> **Mad Catz:** Or that.  Right. 

> 

> **Longshot:**  Hey, guys, just, while he's doing the measurements...

> 

> **Mad Catz:** Yeah?

> 

> **Longshot:** It's just, I thought you might die there, and you mean a lot to me.  Both of you, I mean.  And, just, like, as your teammate, I figured I should let you know.  Both of you.  Platonically.

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Don't you fall in love with me, you son of a bitch.

> 

> [Mad Catz suppresses a snicker.]

> 

> **Longshot:**  I was talking to both of- Never mind.  Forget I said anything.

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Test's done.  The Akot's only 81% antimatter.  

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  What was the spider?  Like half a percent?  

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Yeah, why?

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  It was in here for what, at least a year?   The access point to SCP-6935-1 was sealed off roughly 16 months prior.  And it only changed half a percent from basically pure matter.  These guys have changed by nearly 20%.

> 

> **Longshot:** They've been in here for, like, 40 years then?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  At least.  Could be a lot longer than that, depending on the order of the kinetics.

> 

> **Longshot:** I thought you got a C in physics?

> 

> **Outlaw:** Got an A in chemistry.

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  Jesus, so they've been starving for at least a few decades?  And that's on top of getting exposed to a lethal cognitohazard.  Not like they can die, but it sure sounds like they want to.  Speaking of, we still don't know what that censored thing was.

> 

>  [The black sludge reemerges from the sand, reforming into a much larger, censored entity.]

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  Allow me to rectify that, insect.

> 

> [SCP-6935-A lurches toward Mad Catz.  She is absorbed into the censored region.  Her video and audio feeds cut out.]

> 

> **Longshot:**  Katie!

> 

> [Outlaw raises his rifle and begins to fire on SCP-6935-A.  Longshot pulls the rifle off-target.  The two struggle.]

> 

> **Longshot:**  Quit it; you're gonna kill her!

> 

> **Outlaw:**  You're gonna kill us!  You think that's what she'd want?

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  Don't worry; you'll be reunited with her soon.  

> 

> [SCP-6935-A lunges at the pair, engulfing Longshot.  His video and audio feeds cut out.  Outlaw staggers backward, falling supine a few yards away from SCP-6935-A.  The front half of his carbine is gone, the severed edges dripping with black sludge.  He discards the rifle and draws his revolver, firing all six rounds into SCP-6935-A to little effect.  Emptying the cylinder, Outlaw hesitates, struggling to find more ammunition on his person.  

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  Don't bother looking for your bullets.  Protagonists never get to reload revolvers.

> 

> **Outlaw:**  What the Hell are you talking about?

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  Do you really not get what this place is?  Who I am?

> 

> [Outlaw staggers to his feet, discards the revolver, and draws his knife.]

> 

> **Outlaw:**  I just know you're going to pay for what you did to Katie and Aaron.

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  [The entity laughs.]  Humans.  Let me guess, you think I'm some monster in the dimensional closet- something for you or another goon to lock in a box with fluorescent lights and armed guards.

> 

> **Outlaw:** You won't live to see a containment cell.  

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  If your species could kill me, they'd have done it when I was just a snake in a garden.  

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Are you trying to say that you're-

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  Yes.  

> 

> **Outlaw:**  So this is what?  Hell?

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  Only in the sense that I live here, and that it's a place outside of time.  This is a dimension of hope, of fear, of love.  A place where function ignores form and vice versa, where expectation and narrative define existence.  

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Well I don't believe in God, or you, or anything.  So you can dissolve right back into that black fucking mud.

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  Maybe you don't believe in me, but your species does.  Millenia of fear, anger, guilt- all of it piled onto a lone scapegoat.  I wonder if any of you paused to think what that scapegoat would look like after all these years?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Pretty damn ugly if you ask me.  Poorly endowed, too.

> 

> **SCP-6935-A:**  I think the significance of all this is lost on you.

> 

> [SCP-6935-A begins to advance on Outlaw.  Outlaw performs the sign of the cross.]

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Oh, I appreciate the significance.  It's that I'm gonna kill you, so help me God.

> 

> [Outlaw's knife begins to faintly luminesce.  He drives the knife into SCP-6935-A, resulting in a sustained, blinding flash of light.  When the light fades, Mad Catz and Longshot are unconscious on the beach next to Outlaw.  Both SCP-6935-A and the hunting knife have vanished.  The Akots' screaming is reduced to a soft moan.]

> 

> **Archangel:**  Outlaw, are you still with us?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Yeah.  Yeah, I'm good.  

> 

> [Outlaw jostles Mad Catz.]

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Hey, Ka- Mad Catz.  Wake up, you're safe now.

> 

> [Mad Catz gasps for air as she wakes.  After several minutes, she regains her breath.]

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  What the fuck was that thing?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  The devil, apparently.

> 

> **Mad Catz:** Bullshit.

> 

> **Outlaw:** Or, humanity's idea of the devil, I guess?  Do you remember anything after it absorbed you?

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  Nothing.

> 

> [Outlaw shakes Longshot.]

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Hey dumbass, wake up!

> 

> [Longshot is startled upon regaining consciousness.]

> 

> **Longshot:**  Outlaw?  We're alive?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Despite your best efforts.  Do you remember what happened inside of that thing?

> 

> **Longshot:**  I was back in Texas.  This dirt road I remember from when I was a kid.  Katie was ahead of me, walking away, but I couldn't catch up.  It was storming.  I tried to yell, but the rain was too loud, too thick.  She was getting further and further away, and the rain turned black.  I had almost lost sight of her... 

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  Aw, you had a dream about me?

> 

> [Outlaw rolls his eyes.  Mad Catz smirks.]

> 

> **Longshot:**  This wasn't a dream.  Also, shut up.  I had all but given up, thinking I was going to drown in that sludge.  But then, the clouds suddenly broke.  Sunlight poured through them, and the rain stopped.  I saw a rainbow behind you, but with colors I've never even imagined.  It looked like you were just going to keep walking toward it, but I chased after you.  When I finally caught up- I don't remember after that.  

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Rainbow, huh?  Fits with everything else I guess.

> 

> **Mad Catz:** What do you mean?

> 

> **Outlaw:**  [He hesitates.]  I think I killed that thing by smiting it in the name of God.  There was a big flash of light when it died and everything.  

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  I think you may have overdosed on the opiate of the masses, there, Outlaw.

> 

> [Mad Catz starts to laugh, before clutching her side and groaning.]

> 

> **Mad Catz:**  Fuck, what happened to me in there?

> 

> [Mad Catz tries and fails to stand.]

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Can you carry her, kid?  My back's not so good these days.

> 

> [Outlaw smirks quietly as Longshot scoops up Mad Catz.  The two avoid eye contact.] 

> 

> **Outlaw:**  Archangel, we're coming  home.

> 

> **<END LOG>**

</details>
 _

<details>
<summary>+Addendum 3</summary>

In April of 2020, Senior Researcher Silver suggested a connection between the time-reversal of antibaryons and the causality-violating properties of all anomalies.  Detection experiments on 13 randomly selected Safe- and Euclid-class objects revealed antibaryon concentrations ranging from 1 to 10% by mass.  Detection experiments were subsequently performed on an ice core from Antarctica to establish antibaryon levels as a function of time.  These levels are reported below, alongside anomalous population growth over the same time period: _

</details>
 _

<details>
<summary>+Addendum 4</summary>

On June 2, 2021, Senior Researcher Silver found the following letter on his desk:

> 

> Quentin,

> 

>      This is a bittersweet moment for your species- you've figured out what's happening, and what's at the bottom of everything you once deemed supernatural.  But with irrational fear dies irrational hope.  To quote one of your favorite musicians:

> 

> "With everything discovered, just waiting to be known,

> What's left for God to teach from His throne?"

> 

> I've enjoyed watching your species reach this point.  I hope you find a happier ending than your counterparts in the mirror of time, but it's no longer an ending that I can be a part of.  I bid you all goodbye, and good luck.

> 

> All my love,

> 

> יהוה‎   Transliterated from Hebrew as Adonai. ("The Master."  Frequently used in reference to the Abrahamic God.)

>

</details>

 _

<< [SCP-6934](SCP-6934) | SCP-6935 | [SCP-6936](SCP-6936) >>

=====

> **Filename:**  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/Universe_Antiuniverse_model.png

> **Author:**  Eduemoni

> **License:**  CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Universe_Antiuniverse_model.png

=====
