=====

=====

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Fira+Code:wght@400;700&display=swap');

 

:root { --mono-font: "Fira Code", Cousine, monospace; }

#edit-page-textarea, .code pre, .code p, .code, tt, .page-source { font-family: var(--mono-font); }

.code pre * { white-space: pre; }

.code *, .pre * { font-feature-settings: unset; }

 :root{

   --header-title: "RSR. SITE-79";

   --header-subtitle: "DEPARTMENT OF GAMING";

   

}

:root {

    --timeDelay: 0.5s;

}

:root {

    --zero: 0;

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/secure-facilities-locations/Big79.svg);

    filter: opacity(20%);

}

.terminal-span{

     font: bold 110%/1.5 var(--mono-font);

     letter-spacing: 0;

}

]

]

]

---

**Assigned Facility**

**Facility Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Department**

JPTKYG-Site-79

Dr. Ryūnosuke Yamauchi

Rsr. Toshiko Yuzuki

Department of Gaming

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6722 is considered neutralized. In the unlikely event of a reappearence, the archived containment procedures are to be reinstated:

> **Archived Containment Procedures (02-FEB-1987):** Discovery of SCP-6722's anomalous nature by the civilian populous is highly unlikely due to its brevity in appearances. As such, the anomaly has been considered self-containing..**Memet-Class** anomalies ensure their own containment. Individuals who detect SCP-6722's anomalous qualities are to be discredited.

Note that other previous procedures may be used instead, in case public interest on SCP-6722 increases. Contact Director Yamauchi for more information.

---

**Description:** SCP-6722 designated multiple digital entities previously present in various video games of the *Super Mario* franchise published by Japanese multinational video game company Nintendo Co., Ltd. In each game, they took the form of the "Koopa Troopa" enemy character..The addition of SCP-6722 instances in games that were in development was obversed, however all associated programmers responsible for them appear to lose all memories regarding their inclusion. It is theorized that the anomaly may be mind-affecting. Every SCP-6722 instance is positioned above a bottomless pit of the level it is contained in, which it will always fall into as soon as the entity is visible on gameplay.

Research suggested that SCP-6722 instances were not only sapient, but contained replicated individual parts of the consciousness of former Nintendo employee Junpei Kubo..This does not include entities inside video games ran by an emulator. Thaumaturgic and spectremetric analysis has confirmed that the code of all SCP-6722 instances were affixed with Elan-Vital Energy (EVE).**[Elan-Vital Energy](goc-supplemental-arad)** is a type of thaumaturgic radiation present in all living organisms and sentient anomalous objects. patterns that held segments of Junpei's consciousness.

Telepathic monitoring of SCP-6722 instances revealed that each of these segments were aware of their predicament, although their intelligence is variable as it depended on the amount of EVE present on an instance, with the most intelligent one originally contained in the *Super Mario Bros. 3.* video game. Instances experienced constant distress when descending into the bottomless pits.

While instances in different installations of the franchise were independent from each other, instances in different copies of one installation seemed to replicate the actions of one another, and it was highly hypothesized that all of these specific instances were actually one single entity that was somehow able to occupy multiple locations at once..Notably, while external interactions with one instance were able to affect its "replicas", alterations to the game itself do not intefere with the anomaly at all. Tests involving the complete incineration of a game failed to neutralize related instances in other copies, while subsquently demanifesting the original instance contained in the destroyed copy. Further details regarding the nature of this phenomena were never discovered.

After the completion of Operation PIXEL PERFECT in 27-APR-2011, SCP-6722 was classified as neutralized. (see **Addendum 4**).

**Discovery:** On 12-JAN-1987, programmer Junpei Kubo was reported as missing after he was not seen inside the Nintendo Development Center for four days. While an investigation by local law enforcement did not find any signs of his presence, embedded Foundation agents detected significant amounts of thaumaturgical residue near a game testing televison set, suggesting the performance of an occult ritual. The first SCP-6722 instance was discovered shortly after an exanimation of the prototype *Super Mario Bros. 3* copy within the set.

While the individual responsible for SCP-6722's manifestation was not located, analysis of the profiles of present and past Nintendo employees revealed a possible suspect known as Minorou Yōta (designated POI-942), a former member of ##purple|Arcadia##'s.[https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/arcadia-hub Group Of Interest 078]; an American video game company known to utilize demonics (paratechnology implemented with Tartarean/demonic entities) and other occult phenomena in the development of their products. ephemeral Japanese branch and at large demonics expert. After escaping the [http:*scp-int.wikidot.com/groups-of-interest-jp#tokuzika Special Affairs Division's] raid on ##purple|Arcadia##'s Japanese offices in 1983, POI-942 would work as a Nintendo employee for three (3) years before quitting, disappearing completely from Foundation surveillance.

Despite his anomalous capabilities, there was no evidence of any thaumaturgical activity inside the building, excluding SCP-6722. No other anomalies were found in the development of future video games containing SCP-6722 instances except of mild cases of retrogade amnesia on certain programmers.

---

**Addendum 1 – Public Awareness:** As the anomalous properties and effects of SCP-6722 instances are not visible without either paratechnological devices or telepathy, no effort to remove the entities was deemed necessary. As a result, minor public awareness of SCP-6722 was eventually achieved, although interest was low.

It was not until 17-APR-2011, when user Jeremy Elbertson made a post in the Speed Demos Archive Forums.Speed Demos Archive is a popular website used to store footage of video game speedruns (see **Footnote 8**). regarding SCP-6722, that attention to the anomaly quickly rose:

Guys, I think I found a way to break the record of almost every mario speedrun,.Speedrunning is defined as the act of playing a game as quickly as possible, often with the use of technical exploits and glitches to ensure a faster completion. the solution is those "doomed koopas".

If you don't know, there are these koopas in a bunch of mario games that are placed above pits. Probably something the developers put to test enemy physics and such. While I was screwing around trying to find glitches in the SMB3 emulator, I found one of these enemies while in debug mode. I decided to try and hit one them for fun, and if you can believe it, the game glitched out and teleported me right through the credits.

I have no idea why this happens, I keep checking the code but I can't for the life of me figure out the causes of this glitch. But that's not the craziest thing: the insane part is that I tried the same thing on every other known koopa like this and THE SAME THING HAPPENS. They just teleport you to the near end of the game. Nintendo literally has been giving us a hidden shortcut thorughout the games by complete accident lmao.

While I have yet to know the causes of this glitch, I know that we've just hit a gold mine. I don't how you guys are going to hit that koopa while in live gameplay, but I bet we can figure it out in like a week or two. [...]

Testing by both Foundation personnel and civilian Speedrunning practioners confirmed the existence of this glitch. The cause of it has not been discovered and it is unknown if its occurence is an additional property of SCP-6722 or a non-anomalous technical error.

Subsequently, exactly three-hundred-and-twenty-four (324) individuals stated online that they were now interested in attempting to hit SCP-6722 in various games, in an opportunity to gain a higher Speedrunning record. This event caused a state of alarm at certain Foundation sectors, specifically the Department of Gaming, and its department head ordered an emergency meeting to construct a solution to the situation.

## **MEETING TRANSCRIPT**

**Date:** 18-APR-2011 13:30 (JST)

**Location:** JPTKYG-Site-79, Administrative Meeting Room B

**Attendees:**

* Researcher Toshiko Yuzuki - SCP-6722 Head Researcher;

* Director Shouhei Katsurou - Head of Dept. of Gaming;

* Specialist Langdon Fletcher - Containment Committee member;

* Doctor Quinlan Jaye - Site-01 Liason.

**Subject:** Potential containment breach of SCP-6722.

---

= **[BEGIN TRANSCRIPT]**

---

**Dir. Shouhei Katsurou:** Thank you all for coming here in such short notice, we cannot afford to waste any more time as of the moment.

**Dr. Quinlan Jaye:** That’s a strange phrase coming from the 'Gaming Department'.

**Rsr. Toshiko Yuzuki:** Trust me, we would not expect a potential Lifted-Veil Scenario from ourselves either.

**Spc. Langdon Fletcher:** What did he just say? A BK-Scenario?

**Dir. Katsurou:** [Exhale] If Yuzuki may elaborate on the situation...

**Rsr. Yuzuki:** Gladly, director. So first of all—

=  [OMITTED: Dr. Yuzuki summarizes the nature of SCP-6722 and explains the increase of public interest on the anomaly.] 

**Rsr. Yuzuki:** —civilian interaction with the anomaly.

**Spc. Fletcher:** [Whispering:] You have to be kidding me.

**Dr. Jaye:** Huh... okay, while that does seem concerning, I still don’t recognize the huge deal about this. Why would we want to prevent six-seven-two-two from being... "hit"? It doesn’t really do anything hostile.

**Dir. Katsurou:** On the contrary, it doesn’t do anything hostile when *imprisioned*. You see, the spirit is not "haunting" that character, the character is *containing* the spirit. That koopa troopa is the only thing keeping the spectral entity from affecting the entire game. It’s classified as Memet for a reason.

**Spc. Fletcher:** I still can’t believe the committee just let you rely on a fictional turtle for containment. Why couldn’t you all just stop the game from being produced?

**Rsr. Yuzuki:** Mr. Fletcher, please. It was a minor harmless anomaly at the time, no one would even notice.

**Spc. Fletcher:** Yeah, *at the time!* And now this "minor anomaly’ is going anomalously affect thousands of games because of your laziness!

**Dr. Jaye:** Woah woah, hey! Can we please stay professional here, especially around an Overwatch representative? Besides, the point you’re making is exaggerated, Fletcher. A spectral entity can possess only a single item, not a multitude of them. That’s basic spectremetrics.

= [4.2 seconds of silence on record.]

**Dr. Jaye:** What? Why’re you staring at me like that?

**Rsr. Yuzuki:** Um... Miss Jaye, you remember that there are duplicates of the spectral entities on every copy of the game, right?

**Dr. Jaye:** Yes?

**Rsr. Yuzuki:** W-well, new research has found that... each copy of a six-seven-two-two instance *mimics* one another, all writing the same phrases at the same time.

**Dir. Katsurou:** So, assuming that this behavior is not restricted to modifying code, if one instance from one copy of a game gets released—

**Spc. Fletcher:** Then all of them get released.

= [2.2 seconds of silence on record.]

**Dr. Jaye:** ...do you have any proposals to solve this?

**Dir. Katsurou:** We do actually. Initially we thought we could just amnesticize everyone that knows about it, but they’ll most likely find it again sooner or later, and our amnestic supply shortage is already bad enough. So we’ve decided to focus on the anomaly itself instead.

**Spc. Fletcher:** ...Okay.

**Rsr. Yuzuki:** We think that, with the appropriate technology, we can transfer the spectral entity from that koopa troopa to another digital object entirely, one that players could never reach.

**Dir. Katsurou:** If I recall, [Site-120](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-120) posseses an ontokinectic device that was designed for this exact purpose, it was called the spectral... uh...

**Dr. Jaye:** The Spectral-Transfer Engine, yes, I'm familar.

**Dir. Katsurou:** We would really appreciate it if you could transport the machine to us as soon as possible.

**Dr. Jaye:** Oh, I believe you will need to make a request to O4 Command.**The O4 Council:** a quorum of ~100 Site Directors, Department Heads, and other A-Class personnel responsible for handling important situations that do not require the attention of Overseer Council. for that. That may take a while.

**Dir. Katsurou:** Seriously? Are you *really* sure we can't just skip that process, Miss Jaye? Time is of the essence here.

**Dr. Jaye:** My apologies director, but that's the rules.

**Dir. Katsurou:** [Brief silence] Fine, I understand.

**Rsr. Yuzuki:** In the meantime, I am going to search for some agents good enough to reach the anomaly on time. If we don’t get any faster than those speedrunners, then it’s over.

**Spc. Fletcher:** No no no— wait a minute, let me make sure I heard this right. Instead of just taking all of the games away into containment and amnesticize everyone, like we’ve always done, you’re going to make personnel *compete with the other speedrunners?!*

**Rsr. Yuzuki:** I think you simplified it a bit too much, but I guess... you’re not that wrong?

**Dr. Jaye:** It’s either this or the expensive option, Fletcher. I personally think it’s acceptable, I’ll send the proposal to O4 Command.

=  [OMITTED: The meeting proceeds uneventfully with the discussion of specific details of the operation.] 

---

= **[END TRANSCRIPT]**

---

**Afterword:** Director Katsurou’s proposal was accepted by the O4 Council three (3) days later. The Spectral-Transfer Engine (STE) was moved to Site-79.

---

**Addendum 2 – Operation PIXEL PERFECT:** To prevent the possible future containment breach of SCP-6722, the Department of Gaming conceived a plan to relocate all related spectral entities into unreachable in-game objects, this plan being codenamed Operation PIXEL PERFECT.

Foundation researchers will play video games containing SCP-6722, with their television/handheld console connected to the Spectral-Transfer Engine. Players will attempt to hit and temporarily release the SCP-6722 instances out from the characters while the STE relocates said instances to targeted assets inside the game.

Results of the operation are filed below.

**SCP-6722-07**

**In-game location:** *Super Mario World* (1990, SNES), Level 1-Castle (#1 Iggy's Castle)

**Relocation Target:** "Thwomp" enemy character,. An enemy that levitates above the surface of a level. When the player approaches near the character's vicinity, it will fall down to the ground with the goal of crushing the player. selected for its invicibility.

**Result:** Success.

**Notes:** Initial experimentation of the Spectral-Transfer Engine confirmed its effectiveness; The SCP-6722 instance is contained in the target object as expected. It has been noted that the instance is still capable of experiencing psychological pain, which is now caused when the instance collides with the level's ground.

**SCP-6722-16**

**In-game location:** *New Super Mario Bros.* (2006, DS), World 2-2

**Relocation Target:** A fragment of corrupted sprites located far at the bottom of the level.

**Result:** Success.

**Notes:** Foundation telepaths are unable to psionically connect with the instance’s consciousness, claiming that "[its] mind is too fogged with anger".

By order of Dir. Katsurou, future tests will attempt to prevent relocating instances to assets that could be psychologically distressing.

**SCP-6722-32**

**In-game location:** *Super Mario Galaxy 2* (2010, Wii), World 1-6 (Rightside Down Galaxy)

**Relocation Target:** Stationary model of a wooden block, located in the background.

**Result:** Success.

**Notes:** Low psychological pain still induced to the entity. It is theorized that the mere act of relocating an instance causes a minor amount of mental ache.

**SCP-6722-17**

**In-game location:** *New Super Mario Bros. Wii* (2009, Wii), World 2-2

**Relocation Target:** N/A.

**Result:** Failure — A 25 year old man in Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States made contact with the instance before relocation could be made, presumably to achieve a World Record of the game.

**Notes:** After SCP-6722-17’s containment breach, an increase of aggression in persons who play the game with 4 co-players simultaneously was observed, even escalating to physical violence. Cases of insomnia and audiovisual hallucinations have also been noted.

Department of Disinformation personnel are tasked with discrediting any connections towards these effects from the video game. By order of the Containment Commitee, Mobile Task Force Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings").Task Force specializing in concealing anomalies from the public in emergency situations. will actively search for and amnesticize individuals aware of SCP-6722 that intent to interact with it, based on online claims, for the duration of Operation PIXEL PERFECT.

**SCP-6722-09**

**In-game location:** *Super Mario World: Super Mario Advance 2* (2001, GBA), Level 1-Castle

**Relocation Target:** A Foundation-made 1TB Containment Hard Drive..While relocation to external physical objects was initially deemed too unsafe, the proposal for this target was eventually considered acceptable due to the severity of the situation.

**Result:** Failure — SCP-6722-09 escaped while being transferred to the hard drive and subsequently haunted the entirety of Basic Testing Chamber-2C5, where the experiment took place.

**Notes:** Personnel present in the room will experience severe derealization and mental fog. Attempts at exorcism have thus far failed due to these conditions. BTC-2C5 has since been sealed. Similar tests are not to be repeated.

**SCP-6722-34**

**In-game location:** *New Super Mario Bros U* (2012, WiiU), World 2-2

**Relocation Target:** N/A

**Result:** Failure -- A 21 year old woman in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada made contact with the instance before relocation could be made, presumably to achieve a World Record of the game. MTF-Γ-5 confirmed this individual was already amnesticized.

**Notes:** An interview with the subject revealed she experienced a "compulsion" to locate SCP-6722-14, claiming that "I keep sensing this feeling, or more like a voice in my head, that constantly begged me to do something, something I couldn't remember. Sometimes it was like a small mental "itch", other times it felt like someone was crying outloud in my ear, except in my imagination? I can't explain it. After a few days, I finally remembered."

By order of the Classification Committee, SCP-6722 has been reclassified to **Risk Class-Caution** and **Disruption-Class Amida**.

**SCP-6722-14**

**In-game location:** *Super Mario 64* (1996, N64), Bob-omb Battlefield

**Relocation Target:** A sprite of a tree.

**Result:** Failure -- While a Foundation researcher successfully made contact with SCP-6722-14, the entity resisted the pull of the STE until it breached its influence and caused a major malfunction of the device.

**Notes:** The following anomalous phenomena centering the game was reported after this test:

* False information centering on *Super Mario 64* suddenly manifested on the noosphere, consisting of unusually disturbing content not found in the game. Claims of their existence have been posted online by other players.

* Audiovisual hallucinations and insomnia cases have increased in intensity, with rare reports of an emaciated humanoid resembling Junpei Hideaki being visualized while awake or unconscious.

* [SCP-6807](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6807) manifested.

The Department of Disinformation will be discrediting all accounts of these anomalous effects as hoaxes.

How SCP-6722 exhibited ontokinectic and memetic abilities is unknown. It is theorized that the instance’s contact with the thaumaturgical Spectral-Transfer Engine may have somehow enhanced the anomaly’s capabilities, but there is currently no known way to confirm this.

By order of the Classification Committee, SCP-6722 was reclassified to **Containment Class-Keter**.

After the last log, Director Shouhei Katsurou annotated a notice in this file, visible only to Department of Gaming staff, made mandatory to read by all of its personnel. It was removed the following day by the Records And Information Security Administration for breaching document clinicality regulations. It has been archived below:

## NOTICE FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF GAMING

---

I'm aware that in the past few days our members have been going through an amount of stress never seen before in the history of our Department. Nobody was prepared for an incoming Lifted-Veil Scenario, especially one coming from a minor anomaly such as this. I assure you, that your feelings are mutual.

But let me remind you, that everytime we settle down, everytime our fears and anxieties overcome reasoning or motivation, everytime we *slow down*, that a spirit comes closer and closer to destroying normalcy. The end of all scientific trust and human sanity, all because of one lost soul. All of the Foundation are putting their trust into us, capable scientists and fast-thinking agents who have gone through the worst of what anomalous games have given us. We have never given up then, we will not give up now.

So what am I exactly ordering for you to do? I order you to *run*.

Run faster than your worries could come out of your subconscious, faster than your body can handle, faster than that damned, vengeful soul, faster than those speedrunners could ever hope be. Clear your mind, focus on nothing but your goal and *run.*

An ordinary group of men could not stop an apocalypse with the time limit that we're under now, but us?

We could do it in minutes.

See **Addendum 4** for more information regarding Operation PIXEL PERFECT's status.

---

**Addendum 3 – POI Recovery:** While Operation PIXEL PERFECT was in progress, the GOI-078 Research and Investigation Division discovered the location of POI-942's residence, after newly installed surveillance cameras in the Chūō-ku ward of Osaka detected the suspect. Through cover of law enforcement, Site-79 agents extracted POI-942, while he was in the city's traffic, for an interview.

## **INTERVIEW TRANSCRIPT**

**Date:** 24-APR-2011 22:10 (JST)

**Location:** JPOSKS-Site-8135, Interview Chamber 5

**Interviewer:** Agent Tsubasa Kazutoyo

**Interviewee:** Person Of Interest 942 (Minorou Yōta)

**Purpose:** Reveal information that could assist Operation PIXEL PERFECT.

**Foreword:** Interview translated from Japanese to English.

---

= **[BEGIN TRANSCRIPT]**

---

= [Security Officers Sakura Wada and Kenzou Himura drag POI-942 to the interview room in haste, while POI-942 struggles to stand up. They quickly cuff him to the nearest chair and run out of the room.]

**POI-942:** What the~~ Hey! What the hell is your problem?! [Coughs] I already told you, I~~

= [Agent Tsubasa Kazutoyo enters the interview and sits to the opposite chair in a hurry.]

**Agent Tsubasa Kazutoyo:** Hello Mr. Yōta. How are—

**POI-942:** I did *not* gotten past the speed limit, how many times do I have to tell you!?

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** Please calm yourself.

**POI-942:** I’m not gonna "calm myself" until you get me my lawyer right now!

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** Mr. Yōta...

**POI-942:** And what is going on with your partners back there?! They kept being--

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** We know you were in ##purple|Arcadia##.

= [POI-942’s face quickly shifts to an expression of concern. Silence for two (2) seconds.]

**POI-942:** Oh. [Brief silence] Oh no...

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** And we know what you did there.

**POI-942:** [Exhale] Shit, okay, I'm... Sorry, I have to take a minute to take this in. Man, I really thought that after so much time has passed the SAD wouldn't catch m--

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** Foundation.

**POI-942:** Whu-- Excuse me?

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** Foundation.

**POI-942:** Oh... Jailors, okay, I mean that's not much better but...

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** We need help.

**POI-942:** ...What?

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** We need your help. We want information.

**POI-942:** Oh? Oh... Yeah, of course. Fine, It's not like I have a choice anyway. Well, I guess it was a pretty good job. Got to make games using demons and magic and... other things. Usual ##purple|Arcadia## stuff, I--

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** Nintendo.

**POI-942:** [Brief silence, visibly uncomfortable] Nintendo...? Um, yeah I worked there too, after escaping the raid. It wasn't anything special though, they- they didn't use demons there. So I don't have much to s--

= [Agt. Kazutoyo suddenly pulls out a Foundation 9mm pistol.]

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** NINTENDO!

**POI-942:** OH GOD! No-no-no wait, please- I wasn't finished! [Heavy breathing, swallowing] Okay... there was something I did there. Something I did that I don't like to remember... a ritual.

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** ELABORATE!

**POI-942:** Okay, okay, I will! Just... don't hurt me. [Brief silence] I did a ritual there, for a project. Not a project by the company, just me. I... I always wanted to make more immersive games, and I had this whole plan where I could put players inside them. So I... I put one of my co-workers soul in there. I was trying to insert it into the player character sprite but... [Heavy breathing] I don't know.

= [The agent stands up and cocks the pistol's hammer.]

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** *ELABORATE!!*

**POI-942:** I DON'T KNOW WHERE IT WENT, MAN! I- I don't know what I did wrong, but the soul went somewhere else and the guy died, okay!? God... I didn't even want to kill the poor dude, I wha~~ I was gonna give his soul back later, I didn't realize I could just lose it like that! So I ran away and I stopped doing the occult-magic-shit after that and nobody else died, okay!? Please, just don't sh~~

= [Agt. Kazutoyo quickly sits down and holsters the firearm away.]

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** [Calm:] Okay.

= [Silence for three (3) seconds.]

**POI-942:** [Shivering]...Wh-What?

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** Okay.

**POI-942:** Uh... Okay. [Whispering:] The fuck's wrong with this place?

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** No magic?

**POI-942:** Yeah, yeah! No more magic, I haven't done it for decades man, I'm all clean.

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** Ritual.

**POI-942:** I don't know anything about the ritual anymore, okay? Again, It's been *decades* since I've done it. I already moved on to other hobbies.

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** Hobby?

**POI-942:** Yeah... What, you want to know about them? It's not 'anomalous', I swear it isn't. It's just normal game stuff. Like... sometimes I do some... [Brief silence] Oh, sorry. You may not know this term, due to your age. Um... Have you ever heard of *speedrunning?*

= [Agent Kazutoyo quickly stands up.]

**POI-942:** Woah! Hey--

**Agt. Kazutoyo:** You will help us.

= [Agent Kazutoyo jumps above the table and grabs POI-942's wrist. He begins sprinting to the exit, dragging the interviewee with him.]

**POI-942:** AARRGH! AGAIN?!

---

= **[END TRANSCRIPT]**

---

**Afterword:** POI-942 is officially contained and being transferred to JPTKYG-Site-79.

Agent Kazutoyo gave a rushed proposal to Director Katsurou that suggests recruiting POI-942 into Operation PIXEL PERFECT, utilizing his knowledge and proficiency on demonics to improve the STE, while tasking him into performing tests with his experience as a "speedrunner". The request was accepted and POI-942 was transported to JPTKYG-Site-79.

Now designated CPOI-942,."[Contained Person Of Interest](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6703)" the subject would be trained into various anomalous practices (such as demonics and thaumaturgy) to assist with the repair and upgrade of the STE, relearning some of his past techniques.

 

---

**Addendum 4 – Incident:** On 27-APR-2011, while the recently repaired Engine was being upgraded with assistance from CPOI-942, Site command declared an emergency as it reported one-hundred-and-seventy-five (175) individuals claimed online that they were currently attempting to interact with the main SCP-6722 instance in the *Super Mario Bros. 3* video game. A non-scheduled relocation test of SCP-6722-1 was ordered by Dir. Katsurou, which the following documentation describes:

## **INCIDENT LOG**

**Date:** 27-APR-2011 17:48 (JST)

**Location(s):** JPTKYG-Site-79, Digital Testing Chamber 1A; Various other locations.

**Anomalies Involved:** SCP-6722

**Foreword:** The upgraded Engine was modified with CPOI-942’s own thaumaturgical’s sigils to increase the effectiveness of various systems, making it possible for it to capture the SCP-6722 instance.

The selected in-game target location would be a background cloud sprite in level 2-2, where SCP-6722-1 is located in. CPOI-942 himself will play the game, due to his experience. As noted by Dir. Katsurou, The test is required to be completed in less than 2 minutes before civilians get an opportunity to make contact with SCP-6722-1. Several Foundation personnel are tasked with interfering with these individuals (hereafter designated as "targets").

---

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

---

**[00:00]** - The test officialy begins; CPOI-942 starts the game, although with slight visible hesitation. MTF-Γ-5 command is notified. Foundation Webcrawlers have reported one-hundred-seventy-five (175) individuals intending to make contact with SCP-6722.

**[00:14]** - MTF-Γ-5 command has tracked remaining targets, all located in North-American, European and Japanese locations. Nearest available Task Force units deployed to their residences.

**[00:21]** - First Level complete. Over twenty-six (26) individuals are revealed to be live-streaming while playing. Webcrawlers infiltrate their computer systems and display Cognitohazardous Fainting Agents (CFAs) to the civilians' screens, while subsequently shuting down the live-streams. All are successufully affected, one-hundred-and-forty-nine (149) targets remain.

**[00:33]** - CPOI-942 sneezes while in level, briefly stopping in-game and losing one (1) second of time. Temperature in the test chamber is slightly increased to prevent further critical interruptions.

**[00:45]** - Second level complete. Foundation personnel call the phone numbers of all targets in cover of taxation authority members, seventy-two (72) targets answer the call while remaining calls are redirected to voicemail, or simply not picked. Foundation personnel successfully immobilized contacted targets from the game with audible CFAs. Seventy-seven (77) targets remain.

**[01:05]** - CPOI-942 claims that he "need[s] to go pee", request denied. Available imbedded Foundation agents in various local power stations cut out energy to the residences of fifty-eight (58) targets. Twenty-one (21) targets remaining.

**[01:14]** - CPOI-942 finishes the third level while entering the secret "toad house" section, where he gains the "warp whistle", an item that allows the player to skip to World 2. CPOI-942 exclaims: "Yukuzi, I *really* need to take a piss, it won't be that long. Just give me a minute.", request denied with emphasis.

**[01:20]** - MTF-Γ-5 members have begun to reach some of the remaining targets, interfering by either knocking on their doors or forcefully intruding through the targets' homes, by cover of police tactical units. One Task Force team in ██████, █████████ fails to locate one target’s residence, despite Foundation Internet geolocation software apparently leading to the team’s exact position, Task Force commander orders an investigation.

**[01:30]** - While half-way through level 2-1, CPOI-942 sprints towards the test chamber’s exit, attempting to enter the nearby public bathroom. Security officers apprehend him, but he begins to resist. CPOI-942 says "JUST FOR A SECOND”.

**[01:47]** - At this point, MTF-Γ-5 has seized all targets except one, which has yet to be found. Analysis of the target’s GPS location reveals that its signal is crossing through spatial dimensions, and it’s discovered that the source is located on an extradimensional pocket-reality, specifically Eurtec,. [FP-03](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/locations-of-interest #eurtec), a massive metropolitan city governed by an United Nations Global Occult Coalition (GOI-011) member group, known for its paratechnological superiority and high crime rate. which international law prohibits Foundation presence in. While alternate methods to apprehend the target were briefly considered, Dir. Katsurou immediately ordered Foundation forces to proceed regardless, through radio with the MTF commander. A message has been transferred to the GOC,.Group Of Interest 011, a branch of the United Nations that specializes in neutralizing anomalous phenomena and communicating diplomatically with anomalous communities under the Veil Protocol. Commanded by various anomalous groups, known collectively as the Council of 108. warning the sudden infiltration of Foundation assets.

**[02:17]** - While security officers were attempting to drag CPOI-942 back to the television set, the man spoke an unidentifiable phrase that happened to manifest five (5) instances of Tartarean-Entity Of Interest 311 ("Tengu"), which screamed at the guards holding CPOI-942..CPOI-942 confirmed he relearnt this spell while practicing in Site-79. Due to their shock, the subject escapes the chamber. With Foundation security too occupied attempting to neutralize the entities, Rsr. Yuzuki decides to play the game himself to continue testing.

**[02:45]** - Several MTF-Γ-5 units enter the main entrance highway of Eurtec, driving towards the last target's location on the Silicon Luxury Apartment Complex. The GOC takes notice of their presence shortly after and several squads of the FLYPAPER biomechatronic police force begin to chase them down, as well as multiple anomalous residents, in the city's center..These include thaumaturges, metamorphs, cybernetically-enhanced humanoids with artillery weapons, bozomorphic entities (colloquially known as 'clowns'), individuals wielding medieval japanese blades (mostly katanas), automatons resembling "catgirls" and [one individual wearing a black-leather jumpsuit and helmet](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/speed-demon-hub), riding a motorcycle, who strangely emitted great amounts of Tartarean Resonance Energy (TRE) and was able to murder eight (8) MTF members before stealing a Foundation vehicle.  MTF-Γ-5's vehicles have taken damage from colliding with various infrastructures but remain operable.

**[03:00]** - Rsr. Yuzuki finishes level 2-1, arriving onto the level where SCP-6722-1 is located, although he is significantly slowed down by the TEOI-311 instances breaking research equipment around the test chamber. Security officers attempt to protect the STE from the entities until tactical response teams arrive. CPOI-942 is presumed to be in the site's public bathroom.

**[05:29]** - After all but a single task force unit are terminated by FLYPAPER operatives and civilians, MTF-Γ-5 finally reaches the Silicon Luxury Apartment Complex. MTF members tracked the last target's whereabouts to a room in the 27th floor, discovering a cybernetically-modified male human with an expressionless face, connected to a Nintendo Entertainment System displaying *Super Mario Bros. 3* gameplay. Before Foundation agents could speak to him, the target produces .50 machine guns out of its limbs, enabling a firefight.

**[05:33]** - Rsr. Yuzuki repeatedly fails to make contact with SCP-6722-1 due to his inexperience with the neccessary glitch-exploitive method to reach the entity, the TEOI-311 instances assaulting him and the general turmoil that is occuring. Tactical response teams fail to neutralize the entities as they're insusceptible to bullets, however CPOI-942 rearrives to the test chamber and demanifest the entities with a vocal spell. He returns to the game after claiming "See? We still have time."

**[05:42]** - FLYPAPER operatives reach the battle's location and join the firefight between MTF agents and the target, terminating two (2) members before the rest lower to the ground, surrendering. The target retracts all weapons and instantly resumes playing the game.

**[05:50]** - At this exact timeframe, both the last target and CPOI-942 make contact with SCP-6722-1. A 3m wide shockwave is emmited from both of their consoles, and an extremely bright light (~7.000 lux) manifests from their televisions, while audible shrieking (~120 dB) is heard. A cross-dimensional fissure is detected in the center of the shockwave. Both locations tremor as the lights' luminosity and the high-tone slowly increases. The STE's core is warming up to the point of a meltdown.

**[06:00]** - The Spectral-Transfer Engine's core explodes. The lights demanifest and the tremors eventually fade. Spectremetric scanners detect no signs of SCP-6722-1 in the game.

---

= **[END LOG]**

---

**Afterword:** A post-incident analyses has formulated an explanation of the final event: Due to the STE pulling the spectral entity subsequently as it was about to be released into the entirety of the last target's copy of the game, the engine's core suffered an extreme amount of pressure while attempting to hold onto SCP-6722-1, causing its ontokinectic mechanisms to overload in such a way that breached baseline reality, launching SCP-6722-1, and resultantly all other replicated instances, into an unknown extrauniversal area.

Personnel in Site-79 gained minor injuries from the event, while MTF-Γ-5 suffered seventeen (17) fatalities. Remaining members were imprisoned by the GOC until a complete, declassified version of SCP-6722's file and Operation PIXEL PERFECT documentation were granted, although the Foundation's diplomatic relationship with the organization have deterioated significantly.

A reclassification of SCP-6722 is under consideration by the Classification Committee.

---

**Addendum 5 - Investigation:** Due to the catastrophic results of **Addendum 4** and the abnormally expeditious behavior of Site-79’s staff, an investigation into Operation PIXEL PERFECT was organized. Internal Security soon discovered that the entirety of Site-79's personnel were affected by a psychological memetic hazard, compelling them to perform any and all actions in the fastest method possible. Backwards tracking of the hazard's spread lead to a notice from the Department of Gaming (see **Addendum 2**) which was embedded with hidden infohazardous text..All future archives of this notice have been cleansed from these anomalous hazards, and are safe to view. Monitoring of Director Katsurou's SCiPNet account revealed that he had disabled all hazard identification and redaction programs prior to posting the notice.

On 29-APR-2011, Director Katsurou was taken to interrogation by Internal Security.

## **INTERVIEW TRANSCRIPT**

**Date:** 29-APR-2011 14:30 (CET)

**Location:** FRGELR-Site-06-3, Secure Interview Room 7G

**Interviewer:** Chief Malcolm A. Hilton, Internal Security

**Interviewee:** Director Shouhei Katsurou, Department of Gaming Head

**Purpose:** Reveal Dir. Katsurou's motivations for his past actions.

---

= **[BEGIN TRANSCRIPT]**

---

**Chief Malcolm A. Hilton:** [Chuckle] Well call me surprised, Mr. Katsurou. You don't see a department head committing a major regulation breach everyday.

**Director Shouhei Katsurou:** What are you laughing at? I just saved this entire organization.

**Chief Hilton:** You just cost us 60.000$ in cleaning your operation's mess, the lives of seventeen good men *and* a major GoI's trust in us. Don't tell me you are that dumb.

**Dir. Katsurou:** It is either this or the spirit haunting a whole gaming franchise. You could at least be a little grateful.

**Chief Hilton:** Maybe, just maybe, this whole situation could've gone just a bit better if you didn't make your employees bat-shit crazy.

**Dir. Katsurou:** Language. And I didn't make them crazy, I've... given them a weapon most neccessary to combat this operation's threat.

**Chief Hilton:** I don't see how lunacy could scare away a spectral enti--

**Dir. Katsurou:** No, Chief. I don't mean the spirit. It was the speedrunners.

= [Silence for three (3) seconds.]

**Chief Hilton:** What did you say?

**Dir. Katsurou:** [Voice raised:] The *speedrunners, Hilton.* We couldn't compete with them at our current method. The constant bureaucracy and documentation, how our people worked, it was all too slow. Each second that my employees were wasting their time filing a proposal for another test in the operation, a speedrunner was getting closer to making contact with that phantom. You have to understand how determined and focused these people were at getting even just a millisecond quicker at those games, how they spend entire weeks putting their blood and sweat into nothing but to get that turtle. Compared to us, who couldn't even find all of the spiritual copies on time, they were unstoppable, Hilton. Completely unstoppable.

= [Director Katsurou takes a brief moment to breathe.]

**Dir. Katsurou:** I... I had to do something. I knew we were not gonna win like this, I had to hurry the process. Make the operation faster, make *them* faster. Give them the same mindset that our opponents have, because the kind of game that we were going through was simply not fair. So, I called up the Memetics Dept. anonymously, waved my Level 4 clearance at them and told them to cook up the key to this entire operation's success. I made them faster, not only on researching or planning, but on *everything*, Hilton. I made them live on speed, treat every problem and goal with the utmost urgency and with extreme haste. Yes, it sounds like hell to them but *it worked.*

= [Director Katsurou's body relaxes.]

**Dir. Katsurou:** Since the beginning of all of this, I've always said that time was of the essence. When nobody but me took that statement seriously, I did what must have been done to secure, contain and protect. And despite some consequences, the operation was a success. So what do you have to say, Hilton?

= [Silence for three (3) seconds]

**Chief Hilton:** ...What is a "speedrunner"?

=  [OMITTED: Interrogation proceeds uneventfully.] 

---

= **[END TRANSCRIPT]**

---

**Afterword:** Director Katsurou was penalized for charges of unauthorized memetic induction of personnel by the Internal Tribunal Department and is now arrested at a Standard Humanoid Containment Chamber at Site-06-3. His assistant, Rsr. Yuzuki, has been moved to the position of the Department of Gaming head.

The memetic effect faded from all Site-79 personnel two (2) days later. CPOI-942 has been given a formal apology for the abnormal behavior and treatment from the site's staff, and has been relocated to [Nexus-58 (Yumegēmu, Tokushima, Japan)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/nx-58).An urban area affected with various anomalies related to games and dreams, such as various buildings containing puzzles and mini-games, and inconsistant topography resembling those found in somniumspheric spaces, respectfully. for residence and containment.

SCP-6722 has yet to be found, however as the chance of it returning to baseline reality is essentially null, the anomaly has been reclassified as neutralized.

---

=====

> **Filename:** Big79.svg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Jerden's Art Page (SCP Wiki)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/jerden-insignia#toc21)

=====

> **Filename:** Nintendo_Co.%2C_Ltd._headquarters_taken_from_the_Kintetsu_train.JPG

> **Author:** Tokumeigakarinoaoshima

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Nintendo_Co.%2C_Ltd._headquarters_taken_from_the_Kintetsu_train.JPG)

=====

> **Filename:** Hideo_Baba_20110630_Japan_Expo_01.jpg

> **Author:** Georges Seguin

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hideo_Baba_20110630_Japan_Expo_01.jpg)

=====

<< [SCP-6721](SCP-6721) | SCP-6722 | [SCP-6723](SCP-6723) >>
