**Item #:** SCP-6092

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6092 specimens are to be contained in a glass vivarium in Site-19. Various plants are to be kept and watered in the chamber as well to create a natural oxygen source.

No caffeinated beverages are to be brought within 50 meters of SCP-6092 containment chamber in order to discourage the flies from attempting to breach containment. The exception to this is a sixteen ounce stainless steel coffee cup that is to be refilled with standard black coffee every two days. This cup must be left in SCP-6092 glass chamber at all times aside from replenishment.  The specimen populace of SCP-6092 is to be manually reduced every nine to twelve days to prevent overpopulation. Under no circumstance should any personnel with a habit of drinking coffee (on average 2-3 times a week) enter SCP-6092 containment cell.

MTF Task Force Lambda-12 ("Pest Control") is to be dispatched to areas of high concentration of SCP-6092 instances. Task Force members are to call for the evacuation of buildings infested with SCP-6092 under the guise of pest control services. Any Task Force personnel that regularly consume caffeine are to be exempt from operations. Instances of SCP-6092 outside of the containment cell are to be terminated immediately.

**Description:** SCP-6092 is an insect species of unknown origin that resembles a variation of the genus *Drosophila melanogaster,* Commonly known as the "fruit fly", "lesser fruit fly", or "vinegar fly" approximately 3 mm in length and 2 mm in width. SCP-6092 instances are yellow-brown in color with large vermillion colored eyes, appearing similar to that of a normal fruit fly.

Adult SCP-6092 specimens will spend the entirety of their lifetime attempting to reach the nearest caffeinated beverage, upon which they will submerge themselves. SCP-6092 shows a resistance to temperatures of up to 71°C, allowing the flies to survive in warm fluid environments such as coffee. Upon entering a liquid, they will proceed to lay anywhere between one to five hundred eggs. The caffeine in beverages appears to act as a fertilizer, and eggs laid in them will develop into adult SCP-6092 instances over the course of 1-2 weeks. The life cycle of SCP-6092 is identical to that of a regular fruit fly. 

Humans that swallow SCP-6092 eggs, hereby referred to as SCP-6092-1, will undergo a series of symptoms. Approximately 12-24 hours after consumption, SCP-6092-1 will experience symptoms comparable to that of a caffeine withdrawal. These include mild fatigue, headaches, insomnia, nausea, depression, anxiety, and rarely, hallucinations. These side effects will progressively get more severe until SCP-6092-1 consumes another caffeinated beverage.

After this point, side effects will become unpredictable. However, nearly all instances of SCP-6092-1 have consistently reported the following:

* irritability/restlessness

* itchiness

* cysts appearing on the arms, back, face, and/or chest.  

* formication The feeling of insects crawling across or underneath the skin

* tinnitus (described as a buzzing sound)

* coughing up a small, tan mucus

* strong urge to consume caffeine

The following side effects have been recorded but have not appeared consistently:

* hallucinations

* muscle spasms

* projectile vomiting

* photophobia Fear of light

* interest in consuming decaying produce

* uncontrollable screaming

* drastic weight loss

* self-inflicted scratch wounds

Accidental consumption of SCP-6092 eggs is not uncommon due to their small size. Victims with a longer, consistent habit of consuming caffeine tend to experience more severe side effects over a longer period of time. Swallowing a single egg is enough to afflict an organism. There is no known cure.

**Discovery:** SCP-6092 was first discovered in a cafe in ███████, Iowa, which was part of the popular multinational fast food coffeehouse chain ████████. The coffeehouse was temporarily closed on █/█/2021 by ██████ Department of Health after the restaurant received a poor score on a routine health inspection due to multiple violations of standard health and safety protocol. Health inspector Stanley Daniels reported that the cafe had "a substantial amount of flies living in the kitchen which proposed a concern that the customers orders could be contaminated". Additional reports revealed that a large amount of restaurant patrons had described bizarre symptoms of an unknown illness. In some cases, fatality has been recorded with an unclear cause of death.

Several SCP-6092 specimens were withdrawn and put into the care of the Foundation, as well as restaurant manager Samson Bowyer and two restaurant clients who were later interviewed (See Addendum 6092.1-3). The remaining SCP-6092 instances in the restaurant have been terminated and the restaurant is closed indefinitely.

**Addendum:**

<details>
<summary>►ACCESS SCP-6092 Interview Log-6092.1</summary>

**INTERVIEW LOG 6092.1**

**SUBJECT:** Chris Santana

**INTERVIEWER:** Dr. Linan

**Foreword:** Chris Santana, age 22, taken in by the Foundation shortly before the closing of ████████. Santana was tested for the presence of SCP-6092, and the interview has been moved to a room with a glass partition between Dr. Linan and the subject.

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**LINAN:** Hello, Mr. Santana. How are you feeling?

**SUBJECT:** Um, fine I guess. Doctor, what is going on here? Did I do something wrong?

**LINAN:** No, nothing. We just want to know how you feel right now.

**SUBJECT:** Why? Where the hell am I? 

**LINAN:** Where we are is not relevant. We just want to ask you a few questions, and you'll be out of here.

**SUBJECT:** But why do you want to ask me anything? I have literally nothing to tell you.

**LINAN:** That's not true. You were at the ████████ very close to its shutdown.

**SUBJECT:** Oh, well, yeah. Wait, are you part of the health department or something?

**LINAN:** Something like that.

**SUBJECT:** Well, okay. You should have just said this is about the ████████. I don't really know much about that place though. I've only been there once. Did you slip something in my coffee?

**LINAN:** What makes you say that?

**SUBJECT:** Maybe its cause I have no recollection of coming here? I was leaving with my drink and then a bunch of black vans were outside. Next thing I knew, I was in a cell like some kind of prisoner. I didn't do anything, Doctor.

**LINAN:** You did consume a beverage from ████████ then? How did you feel after drinking it?

**SUBJECT:** Uh, normal. It was my first coffee, ever. It had a lot of sugar and milk in it, so maybe I felt kind of sick after. Or I should say, I would have, given I wasn't *kidnapped*. 

**LINAN:** Alright. Do you want to tell us a bit about yourself, for the record?

**SUBJECT:** If I do, will I get out of here sooner?

**LINAN:** Most likely.

**SUBJECT:** Okay. My name is Chris Jordan Santana, I'm 22 years old. I'm a senior at ████████ ████████ University. I have a younger sister in high school, but keep her out of this. Same with my parents um, I mean, they obviously aren't in high school. I meant I don't want anyone else I know to get kidnapped and interrogated. Is that good? I'd rather not say anything else.

**LINAN:** We aren't going to interrogate anyone else you know, don't worry. And yes, that's fine. So, what did you know about that ████████?

**SUBJECT:** I already told you, that's the last place I was before I got here. I believe it was a few days ago, though I can't even remember correctly. Also, you never answered my question. Did you knock me out or something?

**LINAN:** What is your relationship with the company? Or, more specifically, this single location of ████████?

**SUBJECT:** Sometimes I would go there and get donuts or a breakfast sandwich. I had never actually gotten a coffee from there until right before you kidnapped me. I'm not a coffee drinker, though basically everyone I know is.

**LINAN:** So what did you order specifically?

**SUBJECT:** A latte with cream and sugar, I believe. A lot of a sugar. That's what I wanted, at least. I think the kid working there screwed up my order. It was pretty bitter and dark, and there were some little coffee bean particles or something in it. Don't quote me on that though, I'm no coffee expert.

**LINAN:** Interesting. What enticed you to order coffee, considering you don't drink it?

**SUBJECT:** Well, I wasn't lying about not drinking coffee. I've never been a coffee drinker. I mean, I've had sips here and there, just to try it. But I never ordered it for myself. Not until recently, I mean. I read some benefits of drinking coffee, and with midterms coming up and... I've just been kinda stressed. I also feel really tired all the time, and I'm sick of it. My sister and some of my friends drink coffee regularly, and they said I should start with a lot of sugar and milk.

**LINAN:** Ah, so you wanted to start drinking coffee at the recommendation of your friends?

**SUBJECT:** I guess you could say that. I just wanted to try it out, see if I made me feel any better.

**LINAN:** Would you say there was any "urge" to go to ████████ specifically?

**SUBJECT:** Uh, no..I don't think so. I could have gone to any nearby coffeehouse. I only went to ████████ because it was convenient. It's pretty close to my campus and it's pretty popular. Cheap too.

**LINAN:** Have you drank any coffee since then?

**SUBJECT:** No, I haven't. I was considering getting some later though, when I get out of here......Um, when am I getting out of here, actually?

**LINAN:** We want to bring you back when you are completely healthy again. You are exhibiting symptoms such as fatigue and anxiety, correct?

**SUBJECT:** Yeah, I mean, a little bit. What, do you think I'm sick or something?

**LINAN:** Not in the normal sense. But, I have no doubt we can help you out.

**SUBJECT:** Soon, right?

**LINAN:** I'm sorry, can you elaborate on that?

**SUBJECT:** I mean, am I gonna get treated soon? And is it a short treatment? I hate to sound like an impatient brat but to be fair, you *did* kinda abduct me against my will.

**LINAN:** I can understand how you might feel about suddenly being brought in here. However, I want to clarify that we merely want to ask you a few questions, and after which we will have you back into the world as if none of this had ever happened. 

**SUBJECT:** Pretty bold of you to think you can just kidnap people and expect them to do these dumb interviews. I already made it clear that I have nothing of value to tell you. In fact, this is a waste of my time too. God, how many classes am I missing right now? Do you know how much you might have screwed me over?

**LINAN:** (sighs) Alright, we are almost done here. What was the restaurant like? Did you see any insects or flies? 

**SUBJECT:** What? No. I mean, the place looked clean. I don't wanna say it was fancy or anything, cause it wasn't. It was your average modern fast food restaurant. If there were flies or anything it was probably in the kitchen or something...actually that's probably why the place was closed.

**LINAN:** Something like that. Okay, I think we are done here.

**SUBJECT:** Hey doc, one more thing?

**LINAN:** Yes?

 

**SUBJECT:** I know I was a dick to you but I think that's understandable, right? Do you mind if I request something? 

**LINAN:** Go for it.

**SUBJECT:** Do you, um, have any coffee here? Surely you have a coffee machine in the break room or something. I'm really craving it. It's the least you can do for a prisoner.

**LINAN:** You want coffee?

**SUBJECT:** Yeah. The truth is....there is something in my head that is telling me to get some coffee.

**LINAN:** What do you mean?

**SUBJECT:** It's hard to explain. It's like an inner voice. I trust it. Okay, don't look at me like that. I'm not crazy...it's not like a literal voice. Damn...what I'm trying to say is I could just go for one more cup of coffee. After that, I think I'll quit it for good. Clearly coffee has not helped improve my life.

**LINAN:** So, you are done with coffee then?

**SUBJECT:** Yeah. I've been thinking about it since I woke up at this place. It's just not worth it. I mean, I don't wanna end up here again. So just one more for the road, y'know?

**LINAN:** Alright, one more cup of coffee? We'll see.

**<END LOG>**

**Closing Statement:** Santana was transferred to a standard cell indefinitely, shortly after receiving his beverage. His body was later found in his cell, covered in hundreds of instances of SCP-6092. Autopsy report revealed that the cause of death was mix between a sudden brain aneurysm and █████ ███████. Security footage revealed Santana died mere moments after drinking from his beverage. He was to be released on █/██/2021.

</details>

<details>
<summary>►ACCESS SCP-6092 Interview Log-6092.2A</summary>

**INTERVIEW LOG 6092.2A**

**SUBJECT:** James Anderson

**INTERVIEWER:** Dr. Linan

**Foreword:** James Anderson, age 21, taken in by the Foundation shortly before the closing of ████████. The interview with Anderson was conducted in the same room as Chris Santana (See SCP-6092 Interview Log-6092.1).

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**LINAN:** Hello, Mr. Anderson. 

**SUBJECT:** Hey.

**LINAN:** How are you feeling?

**SUBJECT:** Not great. Doctor, where am I?

**LINAN:** That is not relevant. We are not going to hurt you. We just want to ask you a few questions.

**SUBJECT:** I'm sorry, I was just curious.

**LINAN:** No need to apologize, that is to be expected. I can assure you that after this interview is over we'll get you back to your life.

**SUBJECT:** Alright....ask away.

**LINAN:** Well first, would you care to tell us a little bit about yourself?

**SUBJECT:** I mean, if I have to. I'm James Anderson, and I'm 21. I've gone to ████████ ████████ University for three years now. 

**LINAN:** That's sufficient. So, would you like to elaborate on how you are feeling?

**SUBJECT:** Not great? Well...I feel like I do most of the time. Kinda tired, depressed, apathetic, even.

**LINAN:** How long would you say you have been experiencing these symptoms?

**SUBJECT:** Basically my whole life, I think. I guess you could say they've gotten worse recently. I've had diagnosed depression and anxiety since I was in high school. It's nothing too severe, but it sucks. 

**LINAN:** So, what is your relationship with coffee? Do you think it's affected your mood?

**SUBJECT:** You kinda remind me of my therapist. She would ask me similar questions. Uh, anyway...coffee. I've been drinking it for years. It's helped me wake up in the morning, you know? I've never thought about it affecting my mood. I don't think caffeine can do that to you though. Always just assumed it was cause of stress and boredom.

**LINAN:** Have you noticed any symptoms you might consider unnatural?

**SUBJECT:** Unnatural? I'm sorry, I don't really know what you mean.

**LINAN:** Well, we'll get back to that. Let's get on the topic of ████████. What is your relationship with this company? How long have you gone to this cafe?

**SUBJECT:** I mean, it's a coffee company. I've gone to a lot of coffee places over the years. That was one of them. Sucks that it got shut down, it was pretty close to my campus. I don't think I'll go to places like that again, though, if the rumors are true..

**LINAN:** Care to elaborate on these rumors?

**SUBJECT:** Well, the place got shut down right? By a health inspector? That seems like a pretty big deal. I don't really know what they did specifically. Well, that's not actually true. I have a pal who worked there for like two weeks. He told me the kitchen itself was clean, but there were apparently a ton of flies in there. He reported it to the manager but he just brushed it off. He just stopped going in after that.

**LINAN:** I see. How many times would you say you went to █████████?

**SUBJECT:** I can't give you a specific number, but I will say I think on average I went two-three times a week. And that's over the course of like....four months? I would go in, get my coffee, and then get out. Sometimes I would go through the drive thru instead. Most of the time I went through the drive thru, actually.

**LINAN:** Alright, now would you care to touch on the symptoms?

**SUBJECT:** I still don't really know what you mean by that.

**LINAN:** I'm going to be straight with you, Mr. Anderson. Truth is, the flies in █████████ might have laid eggs inside customer's beverages. 

**SUBJECT:** That's disgusting. Is that why it got shut down?

**LINAN:** Part of it. Normally that wouldn't be so much of an issue, as fruit fly eggs can't normally survive in scalding hot beverages. But these flies are different. It's safe to assume that if you drank a beverage at this █████████, you could have swallowed an egg.

**SUBECT:** Oh... I get it now. You think I might be sick from the contamination?

**LINAN:** Exactly. But not a normal type of sick. These eggs can cause side effects that one might consider anomalous. So, I'll ask again: Have you experienced any symptoms you might consider unnatural?

**SUBJECT:** I don't really know the validity of that statement, but I can tell you this: I've see flies in my room sometimes. I even see them in my dreams sometimes. Man, that's kinda freaky. Doctor, am I gonna turn into a fly-human thing?

**LINAN:** We have never seen that happen before, so I wouldn't worry about it.

**SUBJECT:** Oh, and another thing: Sometimes, when I sneeze, I swear....I can see it twitch. Maybe I'm just crazy. Surely I imagined that, right?

**LINAN:** Truth is, we know little about this phenomenon. Don't worry, though. We are almost done here. Mr. Anderson, I am sure you are eager to get out of here, correct?

[Subject is staring at the floor.]

**SUBJECT:** I......I don't even know anymore.

**LINAN:** This is the last question. Did you go to other coffeeshops during the same period you regularly went to █████████?

[Subject looks up.]

**SUBJECT:** ...I'm sorry, can you repeat that?

**LINAN:** Mr. Anderson, did you go to other coffeeshops during the same period you regularly went to █████████?

**SUBJECT:** I.....no. No, I didn't. I didn't.....

**LINAN:** So, you did *not* go to other coffeeshops?

[Subject faced down and stared at hands. Subject refused to answer further questions.]

**<END LOG>**

**Closing Statement:** After the interview, Anderson was transported to a standard cell until a later interview (See Addendum Interview Log-6092.2B).

</details>

<details>
<summary>►ACCESS SCP-6092 Interview Log-6092.2B</summary>

**INTERVIEW LOG 6092.2B**

**SUBJECT:** James Anderson

**INTERVIEWER:** Dr. Linan

**Foreword:** Anderson was forcefully brought in for a second interview approximately thirteen days after his original interview (See Addendum Interview Log-6092.2A).

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**LINAN:** Hello, Mr. Anderson. How are you feeling?

**SUBJECT:** What? What...

**LINAN:** Mr. Anderson, can you hear me?

**SUBJECT:** Doctor, help me. Yes, I can hear you. I can hear you.

**LINAN:** Can you describe how you are feeling?

[Subject lowers head into hands.]

**SUBJECT:** Doctor, I need help. I feel...horrible. My head hurts and I'm so tired and anxious all the time. Doctor, I really need some coffee right now. 

**LINAN:** Alright, first I need you to relax. I can't give you any coffee right now. Are you only experiencing these symptoms?

[Subject raises head.]

**SUBJECT:** No, no, no, no. I um, I have a noise in my ear. It's a buzzing in my ear all the time. It's so loud, Doctor. Please make it stop, please.... I need some coffee right now. 

**LINAN:** Mr. Anderson, why are you hiding your wrist?

**SUBJECT:** Please, please don't make me look at it Doctor. Please, I can't look at it.

**LINAN:** I need you to show me your wrist.

**SUBJECT:** Doctor, if I show you my wrist, will you give me some coffee? Please, Doctor. Please, swear to me.

**LINAN:** Alright. Please show me your wrist.

[Subject shows wrist, revealing a nickel-sized cyst.]

**SUBJECT:** Doctor, please, please help me. It....it scares me, Doctor. It moves sometimes. Doctor, I'm never getting out of here, am I?

**LINAN:** Please slow down, Mr. Anderson. It moves? Can you elaborate on that?

**SUBJECT:** Look, Doctor. It's moving right now. 

**LINAN:** Mr. Anderson, your arm is shaking. 

**SUBJECT:** Doctor, please. I need you to help me. Please, I need some coffee right now. Doctor, I feel it crawling...under my arm....please, help me.

**LINAN:** What is crawling under your arm?

**SUBJECT:** You can't see it....you can't see it...It's there. In my arm and under my skin. It's crawling on my veins. Please help me.

[Subject falls out of chair]

**LINAN:** Mr. Anderson? Anderson, are you okay?

[Subject is lying in a supine position on the floor and sobbing.]

**LINAN:** Mr. Anderson, we are sending in personnel to assist you.

[Subject is coughing violently as SCP-6092 instances emerge from his mouth and nasal passage.]

**LINAN:** Mr. Anderson?

[Subject screams.]

**<END LOG>**

**Closing Statement:** After being treated, Anderson was transferred to a standard cell indefinitely. No further interviews have been conducted.

</details>

<details>
<summary>►ACCESS SCP-6092 Interview Log-6092.3</summary>

**INTERVIEW LOG 6092.3**

**SUBJECT:** Samson Bowyer

**INTERVIEWER:** Dr. Linan

**Foreword:** Samson Bowyer, age 37, taken in for questioning for involvement in the █████████ shutdown. Interview was conducted in the same room as Santana (See Addendum Interview 6092.1).

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**LINAN:** Hello, Mr. Bowyer.

**SUBJECT:** Hello.

**LINAN:** As the record states, you were aware of SCP-6092's effects, but did nothing to prevent it from becoming a safety hazard?

**SUBJECT:** I knew that there was something odd about the flies, if that's what you mean. I did not mean to cause harm to anyone, especially my customers.

**LINAN:** Well, I think we're past that now. And you didn't answer the question.

**SUBJECT:** I found the flies in the kitchen, originally. They were in a small corner, near the trash, and there were only a few of them. I didn't think much of it...but then more of them started appearing, closer to the coffee machines and cups. At this point, I thought there was a potential for the flies to be contaminating the customer's drinks.

**LINAN:** And yet, the flies still found themselves in customer's drinks.

**SUBJECT:** I was getting to that...I swatted the flies, as many as I could find. I thought that would solve the problem. Yet, more of them came back. As if they were attracted to the coffee. I thought maybe I should start making them pay for it...heh. Sorry, just a bad joke.

**LINAN:** So, you couldn't stop the flies from getting to the coffee?

**SUBJECT:** Sort of. I want to claim some responsibility for this incident....you think I can live with myself knowing I might have ruined so many innocent lives? ..I'm sorry, that was uncalled for. I could have stopped the flies, I know I could have. But I didn't....because...well....I didn't. I couldn't do it...

**LINAN:** Care to elaborate on that?

**SUBJECT:** I was starting to realize there was a relationship between the sales and the flies...I might as well have been crazy. The sales were going up, and I needed them. The flies were like a good luck charm of sorts. I thought it was just superstition, but then... I saw a fly in the lounge. And it flew into a woman's drink when she wasn't looking. Then...

**LINAN:** Then?

**SUBJECT:** Then that woman came back every day. Every day, then multiple times a day, for weeks. At that point I thought...maybe the flies were the best thing that ever happened to █████████. And then she never came back. God damn it....I can't do this, Doctor.

[Subject lowers head into hands.]

**LINAN:** How long was this before the closing of █████████?

[Subject stays silent.]

**LINAN:** Mr. Bowyer, how long have you been exploiting the flies?

[Subject stays silent.]

**LINAN:** Mr. Bowyer, I want to tell you a story. A few days ago we interviewed two young men who went to your coffee shop. A Mr. Anderson and Mr. Santana. Do you know them?

[Subject raises head.]

**SUBJECT:** ...Yes. I know an Anderson. James Anderson, correct? 

**LINAN:** I'll add another question. Mr. Bowyer, when you were in your cell earlier, did you happen to hear any..screaming?

[Subject stays silent.]

**LINAN:**  You are the only person who would know how many people might be in danger. So Mr. Bowyer, I'll ask again: How long have you been exploiting these flies?

[Subject sits still for a few moments while staring at the floor.]

**SUBJECT:** Doctor...I need some coffee.

**LINAN:** Mr. Bowyer?

[Subject is silent.]

**LINAN:** Mr. Bowyer, can you elaborate on that?

**SUBJECT:** I...want a cup of coffee. Any kind of coffee.

**LINAN:** I'm afraid I can't give you any.

**SUBJECT:** My career selling coffee is over, Doctor. I need you to do this. For me. And......it. 

**LINAN:** ..Mr. Bowyer?

[Subject refused to answer any further questions.]

**<END LOG>**

**Closing Statement:** Bowyer was denied his beverage and was transferred to a cell indefinitely. His release is currently pending. Bowyer has refused to participate in any further interviews unless he is given a caffeinated beverage.

</details>

<< [SCP-6091](SCP-6091) | SCP-6092 | [SCP-6093](SCP-6093) >>

=====

> **Filename:** fly.jpg

> **Name:** Fruit fly larva and pupae 01.jpg

> **Author:** Rickjpelleg

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Fruit_fly_larva_and_pupae_01.jpg)

=====
