]

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6749 is to be monitored by Site-86 Facility 17. Additionally, duties previously carried out by Facility 8 are to be merged into Facility 17. An investigation into the events surrounding SCP-6749's current state are ongoing, and no personnel nonessential to the investigation are permitted entry until further information can be discerned. SCP-6749-A instances are under the custody of the Memetics Division and are to remain in their locations within SCP-6749.

**Description:** SCP-6749 is a complex located in Moss Landing, California, overlooking Monterey Bay, known to the public as the Moss Landing Power Plant. SCP-6749 is known internally as Site-86 Facility 8, and was under the jurisdiction of [General Purpose Site-86](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3644) until April 2, 2022.

The interior of SCP-6749 has been heavily modified from its previous state. While the layout of the facility has remained the same, every room has been converted to resemble an ornately decorated library. SCP-6749's shelves contain documentation and reports pertaining to a department within the Foundation known as the "Fishing Team". The purpose of this department is unclear, though documents suggest the team was responsible for the development and utilization of various fishing techniques for the purposes of containment, containment of piscine anomalies, and eradication of the Earth's oceans. No department of this name or purpose has been found to exist in the history of the Foundation. All information pertaining to the Fishing Team is immediately forgotten upon exiting SCP-6749, though written and audio documents remain intact.

Each wing of SCP-6749 contains a large aquarium housing a single live fish of an unknown species. These fish have been designated SCP-6749-A. SCP-6749-A instances naturally emit a powerful signal of unclear purpose, though analysis has determined it to be memetic or antimemetic in nature. Research into this signal by the Memetics Division is ongoing.

Prior to 02/04/2022, Site-86 Facility 8's purpose was monitoring the Monterey Bay area, a known hotspot for anomalous activity, as well as housing several aquatic anomalies in on-site containment. On 02/04/2022, communication with the facility was lost, prompting operatives from the nearby Site-86 Facility 17 to investigate. Upon arrival, SCP-6749 was found in its current state and all personnel and anomalies stationed at Facility 8 were declared missing.

---

# **Addendum 6749.1: Select Documents Recovered From SCP-6749**

The following documents are dated 02/04/2022, though due to the lack of information regarding the incident, it is unclear if the content within is relevant. They have been appended to this file to aid in the ongoing investigation into the incident.

##### NOTICE FROM DIRECTOR STARBOARDMany documents within SCP-6749 credit STARBOARD as the director of Facility 8. It is unclear if the moniker refers to Jillian Butcher, Facility 8's director at the time of the incident, or a separate unknown individual. OF THE FISHING TEAM

---

I deeply apologize for the events of this morning. The mutiny of the Netfishers was unprecedented and unexpected. The Fishing Team did not handle the situation with enough prejudice and allowed a sympathizer to harm our facility. The situation has since been resolved. The Fishing Team Nobility is sincerely sorry.

-STARBOARD, Director, Fishing Team

@@ @@

Director STARBOARD,

This is getting urgent. The remaining Netfishers are attempting a riot in the cafeteria. They've converted many good fishermen to the side of the sympathizers. We don't know how any of them survived but we need to deal with this. We cannot let the Fishing Team fall.

Yours humbly,

AFT

@@ @@

##### EXCERPT FROM TRANSCRIPT OF SURVEILLANCE FOOTAGE OF FACILITY 8 CAFETERIA

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*The unfaithful are gathered in the center of the cafeteria. Their shouts fill the room.*

**Traitor:** Rise up for justice, Netfishers! They can't stop us all! The Fishing Team have gone on for too long!

**The Delusioned Masses:** Aye!

**Traitor:** They defile our seas! They sink our ships! They kill our men! In the name of what? Fishing? True fishers would never do what they've done! Down with the Fishing Team!

**The Delusioned Masses:** Down with the Fishing Team!

**Traitor:** Down with STARBOARD!

**The Delusioned Masses:** Down with STARBOARD!

**Traitor:** Long live fish!

**The Delusioned Masses:** Long live fish!

*The masses repeat this line. None seem to be wavering in their sympathy.*

**[END LOG]**

@@ @@

##### EXCERPT FROM TRANSCRIPT OF MEETING OF FACILITY 8 NOBILITY

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

**STARBOARD:** Gentlemen, we have a problem.

**AFT:** No shit, we have a problem. The Netfishers have converted the Linefishers and the Spearfishers. They're all turning on us one by one. These people are sympathizers. They want nothing but to see more fish and less humans in this world. Of course we have a fucking problem!

**STARBOARD:** Calm down, AFT.

**AFT:** No. I'm not going to calm down when our own men are against us. Why don't you stop focusing on calming me down and focus more on opening your own fucking eyes to the situation around you?

**STARBOARD:** None of us here have never seen a mutiny before. This isn't different than any other uprising.

**AFT:** Yes, it is. It's completely fucking different. Are you so up your own ass that you don't see what the sympathizers have done? They're onto us. They know things we haven't told them. They know what we did. How the fuck do they know what we did?

**STARBOARD:** It's alright, we'll deal with this like every other information leak. Don't worry about it—

**AFT:** Don't worry about what? The people who are destroying everything we've ever worked for? The sympathizers know too much. There's probably one of them in this room, for all I fucking know. There's nothing here to not worry about. This has gotten out of hand because of *your* underhandling of the situation. Why should I listen to anything you have to say?

**STARBOARD:** We'll be fine. We can't just get angry at every resistance we face. We need to respond how we always have. We have protocols for this.

**AFT:** You asshole, you're going to get us all killed. Even worse, you're going to get fish saved. Fuck you. You don't know what you're doing.

**[END LOG]**

@@ @@

Long live fishThe purpose of this document is unclear.

@@ @@

##### INTERNAL MEMO

---

The Blastfishers have agreed to join our effort. That leaves the Trapfishers and Handfishers as the only factions left. The Nobility is already planning a move and we need to act fast, but we also need all the strength we can get. Go out there and convert as many fishers as you can. Victory is in the air, folks. Soon the seas will flow with fish once again. Soon the Fishing Team will be nothing but an anecdote.

-BULKHEAD, Captain, Netfishing Division

@@ @@

Director STARBOARD,

I'm sorry for how I treated you. I don't know how long the Fishing Team has. I tried to fight to the last of my strength but the people are too much. There's too many of them. The fish have won. I'm sorry.

AFT

@@ @@

##### INTERNAL MEMO

---

Today is a historic day. On this day, we showed the world what the people can do. We showed the Fishing Nobility that they're accountable for their actions. We proved that the masses can take down the top. But most importantly, we proved that fish are a force to be reckoned with. Good job everyone. Long live fish!

-BULKHEAD

@@ @@

A note to the SCP Foundation:

Hi, you're probably confused. That's good. That's the point. You don't know what the Fishing Team is, and you're not supposed to. We took them down for a reason.

When people die, their legacy never truly ends. The effects of their existence ripple throughout the rest of the world and can change things even centuries after their death. We will not give the Fishing Team the satisfaction of remembrance. We will not give them the satisfaction of making history. We will give them nothing. Let this place stand as a monument to our triumph over the Fishing Team, and as a sign that things can change. Let the fish who swim within its walls keep the world from knowing of the horrors of the Fishing Team. Don't go looking for us, either. We must purge this world of the Fishing Team, and if we remember them then we must purge the world of ourselves, too. May the Foundation live long, may the fish swim free, and may the Fishing Team die forgotten.

-BULKHEAD

 

<< [SCP-6748](SCP-6748) | SCP-6749 | [SCP-6750](SCP-6750) >>

=====

> **Filename:** facility8.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

=====
