@import url('https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Special+Elite')

**Item #:** SCP-6674

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** 

Due to its nature, SCP-6674 is currently uncontainable. At the time of writing, SCP-6674 appears to have settled around the White Mountain National Forest area. Beacons capable of detecting the memetic effect generated by SCP-6674 are to be placed in several spots within the forest. Should any beacons activate, MTF Gamma-4 (“Green Stags”) operatives are to be sent from Site-248 to intercept SCP-6674 once it has landed. 

In the event of the discovery of SCP-6674-2 instances who have not yet experienced an SCP-6674-1 event, they are to be apprehended and administered Class-A amnestics. These instances are to be escorted out of the area and surveilled until the departure of SCP-6674.

Should any SCP-6674-2 instances enter SCP-6674, they are to be retrieved following the end of the SCP-6674-1 event and the departure of SCP-6674 for surveillance. Amnestics are to be administered once the instances have recovered and been questioned.

**Description:**

SCP-6674 is a spectral entity taking the appearance of a late war construction B-17G Flying Fortress bomber plane. SCP-6674 is noted to only appear in the vicinity of the White Mountain National Forest, New Hampshire. When not under direct observation, SCP-6674 is able to dematerialize, camera footage shows it gradually fading away before completly disappearing from view. SCP-6674 will eventually reappear within the area, SCP-6674 has been noted to take from a few days to years before reappearing.

The anomalous properties of SCP-6674 come into effect when it manifests: a makeshift landing strip roughly as wide as SCP-6674 will appear within the wooded area. Despite the short distance of the strip, SCP-6674 somehow stops all momentum upon initial landing.

 

Once SCP-6674 lands, it will open its entrance and begin emitting a powerful memetic effect of a currently-unknown radius. Any human coming within range of SCP-6674's memetic effect will be compelled to approach SCP-6674 (henceforth referred to as SCP-6674-2). The SCP-6674-2 instance will enter SCP-6674 once they reach it, after which SCP-6674 will close its entrances.

After entering, the SCP-6674-2 instance will lose consciousness and experience an event designated SCP-6674-1. Upon waking up after an indeterminate amount of time, subjects have noted that SCP-6674 was taking off or on occasions already in the air. Attempting to look outside of SCP-6674 is impossible beyond a few meters, the windows are stated to be darkened and the outside covered by a layer of clouds reminiscent of a thunderstorm. 

Occasionally, some SCP-6674-2 instances have reported feeling a constant unease, stating that they felt "watched" throughout their stay in SCP-6674. After a certain amount of time, the door leading to SCP-6674's cockpit will open violently. Upon investigating the cockpit, the subject will suddenly wake up a few meters from where SCP-6674 had landed, with both the landing strip and SCP-6674 nowhere to be found.

After experiencing SCP-6674-1, affected instances will always display one of two behaviors:

- **Behavior *Alpha(α)*:** SCP-6674-2 will not show any fear regarding the concept of death, no matter their previous stance on the matter. This usually leads to the subject doing high-risk tasks with no concern for their well-being.

- **Behavior *Beta(β)*:** SCP-6674-2 will experience an extreme case of thanatophobiaIntense fear of death or the process of dying. Subjects affected by this also display an acute fear of planes, refusing to enter or in some cases even approach one.

 

Amnestics administered to SCP-6674-2 instances have shown to somewhat lessen these behaviors, however the effectiveness of the amnestics varies between individuals. A third behavior, Behavior *Gamma(γ)*, is theorized to exist. **[See Addendum 6674.]**

Name: Agent Richter

Date of initial encounter: 12/29/1975

Behavior: Alpha

Result: Agent Richter was the first foundation personnel to fall under the effects of SCP-6674, although accidental in nature. Agent Richter claims to have been within SCP-6674 for three hours before waking up in Site-248's infirmary. During this time Agent Richter claims to have not experienced anything in particular until entering the cockpit, aside from a constant feeling of being watched. It was also noted that no sound except their own breathing could be heard while within SCP-6674.

Note: Following their experience within SCP-6674, Agent Richter's behavior drastically changed. Originally described as a skittish person by the personnel at Site-248, Agent Richter began volunteering to partake in various high-risk tasks within the site without regards for their safety.

Name: Lee Myers

Date of initial encounter: 02/12/1976

Behavior: Beta

Result: Lee Myers was accidentally exposed to the effects of SCP-6674 while hunting in the woods. During the interrogation, the subject commented that several distant whispers could be heard occasionally. At one point in particular, the subject states seeing dark shadows moving at the opposite of where the subject was positioned. Lee Myers does not recall what happened after this.

Note: After being administered amnestics, Lee Myers was released. The side effects of SCP-6674-1 lead to them quitting their job at the Mt Washington Regional Airport and living a secluded life until October 1989 when the subject suffered a stroke.

Name: D-8615

Date of initial encounter: 01/15/1977

Behavior: Beta

Result: D-8615 reported hearing heavy breathing coming from the cockpit while within SCP-6674. After three hours SCP-6674 is reported to suddenly start rocking heavily, by this point D-8615's recollection of their time within SCP-6674 becomes vague. D-8615 mentions having seen a person wearing a dark-robe within SCP-6674, upon trying to interact with them D-8615 fell unconscious. Once waking up, the door to the cockpit unlocked allowing D-8615 to enter. Upon doing so, D-8615 stated that a figure could be seen sitted in the bombardier's chair looking into the bomb sight. After this D-8615 woke up within the infirmary of Site-248. 

Note: This was the first recorded appearance of an entity appearing during the SCP-6674-1 event. D-8615 was initially convicted for an armed robbery before becoming a foundation asset.

---

Records assigned to SCP-6674 indicate that before displaying anomalous abilities, this specific plane took part in bombing raids on the European theater starting in June 1942. The earliest record suggesting anomalous behavior dates to November 1944. SCP-6674 disappeared from the bomber formation while returning from a raid on the city of Bremen, Germany. Accounts by the other bombers in the formation state that the plane lagged behind due to having suffered heavy damage by German flak. 

Several days following the raid, personnel on a British army base near Brussels, Belgium spotted a B-17G Later identified as the missing plane that would become SCP-6674., flying towards them with its landing gears down. With no landing scheduled, the base personnel presumed it was an emergency landing situation and reacted accordingly. SCP-6674 performed a fast and uncontrolled landing which narrowly reached the end of the landing strip. When none of the crew exited the bomber after 15 minutes, on-site personnel entered the damaged plane. The following is a report of what was discovered within SCP-6674:

We now made a thorough search and our most remarkable find in the fuselage was about a dozen parachutes neatly wrapped and ready for clipping on. This made the whereabouts of the crew even more mysterious. The Sperry bomb-sight remained in the nose, quite undamaged, with its cover neatly folded beside it. Back on the navigator’s desk was the code book giving the colors and letters of the day for identification purposes. Various fur-lined flying jackets lay in the fuselage together with a few bars of chocolate, partly consumed in some cases.

Amazingly, the B-17’s crew was nowhere in sight. Not even their dead bodies remained in the bomber. The only significant clue seemed to be the last note in the codebook: “bad flak.” Despite such a message, the plane lacked any exterior damage. More to the point, the parachutes remained, meaning if anyone did bail out, they must have done so to certain death.

Major John Crisp

Following the inspection, SCP-6674 was placed in a hangar from which it disappeared several weeks later during an air attack by German V-1 flying bombs. The hangar in which SCP-6674 was placed was hit directly by one of the rockets. After the fire was put out, the wreck of SCP-6674 couldn’t be located within the collapsed building.

**Addendum 6674:**

<details>
<summary>+ Level 3 Access required</summary>

On the 31st of October 1983, SCP-6674 appeared around the White Mountain National Forest. The anomalous effects of SCP-6674 activated, leading to the creation of a landing strip in the middle of the forest █ kilometers from the nearest human settlement. Two SCP-6674-2 that were hiking within the forest became affected and entered SCP-6674 before foundation agents were able to reach the area.

%%content%%

[!-- 

https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/fragment:scp-6674-0

https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/fragment:scp-6674-1 

--]

Agent Tetrarch and Agent Philips, who were investigating several [disappearances](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6675) in the area, made their way to SCP-6674 upon being notified. Both agents were equipped with two PA-C portable anti-cognitive devices. Upon reaching the landing strip, the two SCP-6674-2 instances were found unconscious outside of SCP-6674.

While surveilling the area for any other potential SCP-6674-2 instances. While Agent Philips was occupied, the PA-C device of Agent Tetrarch supposedly malfunctioned leading to them falling under the effects of SCP-6674. Agent Philips failed to notice this, only realizing what happened as Agent Tetrarch was already inside. Agent Philips unsuccesfully attempted to extract Tetrarch out of SCP-6674, believing their device would protect them. When the evacuation team arrived on the scene, the landing strip had disappeared. The two instances of SCP-6674-2 were able to be recovered and were sent to Site-248's infirmary for surveillance and interrogation. 

Data on the bodycam of Agent Philips was able to be retrieved although having suffered some damage causing some corruption on the recordings. Inspection showed that the video feed of the camera was to damaged and couldn't be recovered, however the audio feed was able to be retrieved. Relevant and/or noteworthy excerpts have been transcribed and included for analysis:

**Log 6674/Matthew Philips:**

**Report 1:**

> [START OF LOG]

> 

> 

> 

> AUDIO ON 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** -was here a few seconds ago, where the hell did they go!

> 

> *Agent Philips is heard moving throughout SCP-6674 for a few minutes, seemingly doing a tour of the plane in search of Agent Tetrarch.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Shit, I've done it now, 'shouldn't have went after him... Atleast this should be over in a few hours.

> 

> *Agent Philips can be heard laying down and presumably fall asleep. Only the sounds of SCP-6674's engines and Agent Philips moving in their sleep can be heard for the following 3 hours on the recording. Footsteps can be heard at some point walking past Agent Philips. Agent Philips can be heard waking up not too soon after.* 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Wha- It's still not open? Urgh I hope it's not one of those that take a day...

> 

> **Agent Philips:** ...I hope it won't take too long. I've gotta ration my water for now, atleast I can eat a bit of the chocolate that's laying around if I'm hungry (*laughs*).

> 

> *Agent Philips supposedly goes back to sleep for the next 2 hours with no changes. Agent Philips briefly wakes up and shuts off his body camera.*

> 

> CHARGE 72% 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** (*grumble*) I shouldn't forget this thing's got a battery...

> 

> SHUTTING DOWN

---

> 

> AUDIO ON

> 

> **Agent Philips:** This is my second day here, still no sign of Tetrarch. Hope he's fine..

> 

> *Agent Philips remains silent for a few minutes. Only the sound of the engines is audible.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** After looking around, I found his PA-C at the bottom of the bomb bay, took me a lot of effort to get it back. I don't trust that rust-bucket to *not* open the bay doors as I'm standing on it (*Agent Philips chuckles*).

> 

> *Pauses.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:**  After examination, it looked like the wire that connected the device to the battery pack was severed... What I'm more worried about is that it doesn't look like it was torn; it's a clean cut made with a blade.

> 

> **Agent Philips:** There's no way he could've... (*pauses*) No. He knows what those... *things* could do to you.

> 

> *Pauses.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Could be sabotage... But who? (*pauses*) No can't be that either, there's too many stakes at hand and no one is dumb enough to try.

> 

> *Pauses.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** What the hell were you thinking Tetrarch... I kept telling him to double-check his equipment every time we're sent out like this. 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** When I'm out of here the labcoats will get a mouthful from me. Who designs an anti-cognitohazard machine that is reliant on always having a connection to a battery pack with a dangling wire? It was a disaster waiting to happen...

> 

> *Pauses.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** And why did I even follow that idiot, for fuck's sake?! (*pauses*) I knew it was a bad idea, I knew it.

> 

> *Agent Philips sits down, seemingly recomposing themselves.*

> 

> CHARGE 65%

> 

> **Agent Philips:** ...Who am I kidding, he would have done the same for me.

> 

---

> AUDIO ON

> 

> **Agent Philips:** It's been at least three days, can't really tell since it's perpetually dark outside. There's no sort of clock here either. 

> 

> *According to the time of recording, Agent Philips has now been within SCP-6674 for four days.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** My watch is stuck at the time at which I entered: 01:15. Strangely the minute hand ticks but once it reaches 01:19, it then goes back. 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** My throat's dry as hell, has been for a few hours. But I think I'm gonna hold off for a while, considering I'm on track to have the longest-ever stay in this thing. (*chuckles*) Just my luck...

> 

> CHARGE 53%

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Damn, this thing can last a while, battery shouldn't be an issue with the spare Tetrarch left behind. (*yawn*)

> 

> *Agent Philips sleeps for an hour and 20 minutes before being suddenly woken up by the sound of metal being scratched coming from the tail of SCP-6674.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Huh?! 

> 

> *Agent Philips is heard making their way towards the noise, after a few seconds the scratches can be heard loudly through the recording.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** What the hell-  

> 

> *The sound of metal falling on the ground can be heard coming from behind Agent Philips, interrupting them. Agent Philips can be heard breathing heavily.* 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I- Fuck it's just the battery I left on the deck... Damnit, never again. 

> 

> *Agent Philips remains silent for a few minutes, supposedly recomposing themselves.*

> 

> SHUTTING DOWN

> 

---

**Report 2:**

> 

> AUDIO ON

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Day 16, Sleeping.. (*yawn*) Sleeping has been hard recently. The combination of all those sounds.. It's driving me mad, what's worse are those fake-outs they keep doing.

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Occasionally everything becomes quiet, as if i became deaf. I can try and get a few minutes of sleep until I'm suddenly woken up by that damned noise.. 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I swear those scratches were much louder than the previous days.. Last night I heard breathing next to me, whatever was doing it was towering over me.

> 

> *Pause.* 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I barricaded the doorway to the tail section after that. 'Used a cabinet I found along with some junk that were laying around. I've been on edge ever since..

> 

> CHARGE 38%

> 

> **Agent Philips:** (*grumble*) I have to find a way to stop those fucking sounds. Although, I dread to imagine what actually makes them. What if it ain't human?

> 

> *The scratches can be heard getting quieter.*

> 

>  **Agent Philips:** I have to sleep, I can't go on if it continues like this.

> 

> SHUTTING DOWN

> 

---

> 

> AUDIO ON

> 

> *Sound of clothing shuffling are heard along with Agent Philips' heavy breathing.* 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Listen to this!

> 

> *Agent Philips remains silent for a few seconds. Soon after, pained groans can be heard originating from where the scratches came from.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I started dozzing off, 'gotten used to the scraping sounds until that...thing started to make those god-awful sounds a few minutes ago!

> 

> *Agent Philips can be heard breathing heavily.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** (*sigh*) Ever since that groan started, it feels like I'm being watched. It's eerie, I don't know how but I know there is something here with me.. 

> 

> WHY

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Uh?!

> 

> CHARGE 23%

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I should go to sleep, I'm begining to hear things..

> 

---

> 

> AUDIO ON

> 

> **Agent Philips:** If I'm not wrong, it's been almost four weeks...

> 

> *Agent Philips can be heard drinking.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I managed to find a half-empty canteen in one of the jackets that are laid around. Finished mine days ago, the chocolate here just makes me more thirsty..

> 

> **Agent Philips:** The lack of real food must be really going to my head. I'm starting to feel like I'm not alone in this hellhole.

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I sometimes think I've spotted something in the corner of my eye. But then I look and, poof! Gone.

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** What a load of horseshit. It's just in my head, is all.

> 

> CHARGE 17%

> 

> **Agent Philips:** (*sigh*) You can do it Matthew, gotta stay fed and just have a good sleep..

> 

> *Agent Philips attempts to sleep for 2 hours before being suddenly woken up by the sound of a metal casing falling over.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** What the he-

> 

> *Loud groans can be heard, followed by ragged breathing audible directly to the right. Agent Philips remains silent for a few minutes, recomposing themselves.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Fuck it, I'm getting rid of whatever's doing this!

> 

> *Agent Philips makes their way towards the sound. The ball turret produces sound as it is cranked, followed by the sound of Agent Philips opening the hatch.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Holy-!

> 

> *Agent Philips falls to the ground making a loud thud. The groans remain at the same volume.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Te-Tetrarch wha- (*silence*) Fuck, what happened to you man ?! Who did this to you?

> 

> CHARGE 5% PLEASE INSERT NEW BATTERY SOON

> 

> **Agent Philips:** (*clears throat*) J-judging by his state, he's been in here for months...maybe even years. Jesus..

> 

> *The only sounds audible are the engines of SCP-6674; groans and ragged breathing can also be heard emanating from Agent Tetrarch's body.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** ...I should close that up. God Tetrarch I'm sorry..

> 

> *Muffled groans can still be heard throughout the rest of the recording before the camera shuts down from a lack of battery.*

> 

> LOW BATTERY, SHUTTING DOWN

> 

---

**Report 3:** 

> 

> AUDIO ON, CHARGE 45%

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Fuck I didn't know he used it that much..

> 

> *Groans can be heard echoing within SCP-6674. The groans are louder than in the previous logs.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** SHUT UP, SHUT THE FUCK UP! I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO SLEEP FOR THE PAST WEEKS BECAUSE OF YOU!

> 

> *The groaning continues.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I.. I just want to sleep.. Why isn't it over!? (*sobs*)

> 

> *Agent Philips can be heard sobbing for almost an hour. Agent Philips appears to talk to himself for the remainder of this recording, although the sound of the groaning makes discerning what is said impossible.*

> 

---

> 

> AUDIO ON

> 

> *Sounds of something dragging on the floor along with light sobbing can be heard. Agent Philips presumably accidentally activated the audio recording.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I.. Oh God Tetrarch forgive me.. I have to. (*sobs*)

> 

> *Agent Philips approaches one of the .50 cal mounts positioned on the flanks of SCP-6674, the wind can be heard whistling as the engines roar.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I-I'm... sorry, old friend..

> 

> *Agent Philips can be heard grunting, seemingly lifting Agent Tetrarch's body before assumedly throwing him out of the opening.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I just wanted to sleep.. Even just for a few minutes... I'm so sorry.

>

> *Agent Philips sits down on the floor, softly sobbing for a while.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I- (*sniff*) I didn't want to risk falling unconscious! 

> 

> *Pauses.* 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I know that if I do, I-I will not wake up. (*sobs*) Whatever is here will not let me..

> 

> CHARGE 39%

> 

> SHUTTING DOWN

> 

---

> 

> AUDIO ON

> 

> **Agent Philips:** What have I done.. What am I going to tell the others?

> 

> *Pauses.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** ...This is all just a game isn't it? A big, twisted, fucked-up game.. What am I supposed to do, come to some great realization about my life? Throw myself to the ground, beg for forgiveness? 

> 

> YOU KNOW THE ANSWER TO THAT.

> 

> *Agent Philips can be heard standing up and throwing something to the ground, resulting in a loud metallic sound.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** What am I supposed to do? I don't understand! 

> 

> *Agent Philips becomes silent for several minutes.* 

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Am I stuck here until I see the error of my ways? Until I repent!? Well, you're gonna have to wait a long time, because I don't regret a damn thing!

> 

> *Agent Philips is interrupted by loud groans.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I-it can't be, I threw you off this fucking plane!

> 

> *Agent Philips can be heard running through SCP-6674 towards the sound until they reach the opening to the ball turret where Agent Tetrarch was.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** No.. No no no! This has to be a joke! WHERE ARE YOU TETRARCH! WHAT THE HELL DO YOU WANT FROM ME?!

> 

> CHARGE 34%

> 

> **Agent Philips:** ARE YOU HERE FOR REVENGE?! BUT I HAD TO DO IT!

> 

> *Groans can be heard echoing inside SCP-6674 from all direction. Agent Philips appears to be running back and forth before shutting off the recorder.*

> 

> SHUTTING DOWN

> 

---

**Report 4:** 

> 

> *Agent Philips can be heard rummaging through the objects left behind within SCP-6674.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** (*laughter*) I knew they must have had one of those on-board!

> 

> *Agent Philips makes their way to the cockpit's door. Sounds of metal being hit echoes in the plane, Agent Philips audibly grunts as they hit the door with what seems to be an axe.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Why should I wait?! I should have done this from the very start! 

> 

> STOP

> 

> *A deep rumbling can be heard as SCP-6674 begins to shake heavily.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** Oh? oh!? You don't seem to like this uh?!

> 

> CHARGE 18%

> 

> *Agent Philips hacks away at the door for one hour, undiscernible whispers can be heard coming from behind Agent Philips after some time.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** What are you going to do? Kill me!? You're nothing more than a hunk of metal!

> 

> *The door breaks down after a few more swings from Agent Philips, audio begins to corrupt after this stage in the recording.*

> 

> **Agent Philips:** [Inaudible]

> 

> CHARGE 11%

> 

> **Agent Philips:** I'M IN! LET ME GO HOME NOW! 

> 

> CHARGE 5%

> 

> *A loud explosion is heard from the left side of Agent Philips, SCP-6674 supposedly enters a dive.*

> 

> JUMP

> 

> **Agent Philips:** What do you mean jump? There's no parachutes, I'll die!

> 

> DO YOU HAVE A CHOICE

> 

> **Agent Philips:** …Damnit all.

> 

> CHARGE 0%

> 

> [END OF LOG]

Two weeks later, Agent Philips’ beacon activated within the White Mountain National Forest, one kilometer away from the initial position of SCP-6674. Upon reaching the beacon, the mangled body of Agent Philips was discovered. Autopsy revealed the death to be the result of Agent Philips falling to their death through unknown means, the remains of Agent Philips were retrieved and sent to the morgue of Site-248. Agent Tetrarch is considered Missing In Action.

</details>

<< [SCP-6673](SCP-6673) | SCP-6674 | [SCP-6675](SCP-6675) >>
