.quoteblock {

    border-left: solid 3px rgb(228, 228, 228);

    border-right: solid 3px rgb(228, 228, 228);

    padding: 10px 10px 10px 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 0px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);

    width: 90%;

    margin: auto;

    background: #303034;

}

.blockquote {

    border-left: solid 3px rgb(228, 228, 228);

    padding: 10px 10px 10px 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 0px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);

    width: 90%;

    margin: auto;

    background: #303034;

}

.log_block {

    border-left: solid 5px rgb(228, 228, 228);

    padding: 10px 10px 10px 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 0px 4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);

    width: 100%;

    margin: auto;

    background: #303034;

}

.log_info {

    margin-left: 10px;

    margin-top: 5px;

    padding: 1px 15px;

    border-left: solid 3px rgb(228, 228, 228);

 and  for the critique. 

[Image Credits](https://www.flickr.com/photos/21051491@N02/3211597474)

Enjoy!

 

]]

:root {

    --timeScale: 2;

    --timeDelay: 0.5s;

}

@@ @@

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=5

|speed=10

|float=true

|align=right

|width=300px

|url=blackdumbbellimage.png

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-6582. |width=400px

]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-6582 is to be kept on SCP-6582-B at all times. They are to be kept inside a glass container, stored within a standard anomalous object vault at Site 17. Due to Incident D-UM88311, any unauthorised entry to SCP-6582's containment will be considered use for personal gain and treated accordingly.

Class-B amnestics must be distributed within 24 hours if any Foundation personnel are to lift SCP-6582.

Proposed tests must be scheduled a week in advance and must be permitted by either Dr. Dume or Dr. Bell. During transport, SCP-6582 is to be strapped onto SCP-6582-B, with the separation of these objects being completed by a mechanical arm. When conducting tests, one Class-D personnel is to lift SCP-6582 and then place it back onto SCP-6582-B. No foundation personnel are to enter within two meters of SCP-6582 during this time. 

Cross-testing is permitted. Usage on humanoid anomalies is prohibited following the Ethics Committee ruling on 7/2/2022. Testing alongside [SCP-978](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-978) is recommended. 

---

**Description:** SCP-6582 is a predominantly black 20kg dumbbell which exhibits anomalous properties once lifted from SCP-6582-B. SCP-6582 does not demonstrate these properties if paired with a standard weight rack, nor does SCP-6582-B if holding a non-anomalous dumbbell.

When SCP-6582 is lifted off of SCP-6582-B by a human, SCP-6582 will induce a sense of resentment within the person for their current circumstance, leading them to pursue an unfulfilled goal of personal importance. Affected individuals are to be referred to as SCP-6582-1.  Symptoms transpire within a week and are irreversible past a 24-hour window.

SCP-6582 shows no external or material differences when compared to its non-anomalous counterpart. A comprehensive deconstruction of SCP-6582 has proven excessively difficult.

SCP-6582-B is a weight rack comprised of 11-gauge steel. SCP-6582-B is not immediately a hazard in itself but possesses the ability to repair SCP-6582, no matter the state of the anomaly. Similarly to SCP-6582, attempts to deconstruct SCP-6582-B have failed.

SCP-6582 and SCP-6582-B should not be separated for more than an hour at a time. Extended periods of separation have shown the creation of a dome around SCP-6582. Prolonged exposure within this area will result in the development of the aforementioned symptoms.

Further study of SCP-6582 and its anomalous properties is ongoing, with a focus on realising its potential and possible uses within the Foundation.

---

**Addendum 6582-1: Discovery** SCP-6582 and SCP-6582-B were discovered after multiple instances of unforeseen resignations by senior and lead Foundation personnel. A shared story amongst the resignations was put together that eventually led to the discovery of the anomalous objects. All of the personnel affected had gone to Geeza's Gym the week prior and partook in a warm-up where they had lifted SCP-6582. Although no symptoms were to occur until a few days passed, recollections suggest abnormal thoughts within a couple of hours.

---

**Addendum 6582-2: Diary**

The following excerpts are taken from the diary of Joseph Baph, a former senior researcher at Site 17. J. Baph lived on-site. 

 *Note: Certain excerpts are indecipherable, and have had to be assumed. — Dr. Bell*

21/1/22

Today didn't go particularly well.

So, the IA capture a new humanoid SCP, and my team are in charge of creating the Special Containment Procedures. Easy enough, right? Wrong. We had the idea to just slap it into an S-2 High-comfort humanoid containment cell. as the anomaly was a relaxed fella (so we thought). However, during the bi-weekly cleaning of the cell, the SCP decides to attack the janitorial staff. One lost their right hand, while the other left unscathed. Then, out of nowhere, the rest of the containment researchers and I get blamed for it. So now, we have one whole strike as a team. Bullshit! We weren't told he was acting, were we? It's stupid! We're appealing this. Utter bollocks.

I'm just going to head off to the gym.

---

22/1/22

Another day, another bit of tomfoolery from the Ethics Committee.

So we decided to appeal the strike we received for 'endangering Foundation personnel'. We mentioned how we weren't informed of the malicious nature of the anomaly and tons of other shit. Guess what? We got our appeal rejected. Who would've thought? There's no point in continuing our appeal, but the team will do it anyway.

Off-topic but sort of on-topic at the same time, I'm beginning to wonder if the Foundation is all that. I mean... it is a bit corrupt, isn't it? Then again, I couldn't find a better job at the moment. Maybe I'm overreacting. Maybe I'm not. Who knows?

---

23/1/22

I nearly hit a person today. Pulled off a U-turn because I missed the gym, and skimmed the shoe of a teenager. Had to swerve so that I wouldn't hit him. I hope there weren't any cameras nearby.

While actually at the gym, I actually found this comedy podcast and I haven't laughed as hard as I did then in a long while. I was meant to be working out but spent the rest of my time there listening to it. I don't remember the name of it though.

---

24/1/22

So you know how we still have the strike from the incident last week? It hasn't been removed yet, but the EC said how they are going to 'review the strike'. Although I would have believed them if this had happened a few weeks prior, I see right through their bullshit now. It's a lie, I can feel it.

On a more positive note, I've found the podcast I mentioned yesterday, and I thought I'd explore comedy a bit more. I'll see whether I like it or not.

---

27/1/22

Update: It's great. Very interesting. The thought that actually goes into making jokes is insane. Some people are born funny. Do you know what? I'd be a great comedian. I'm funny, confident, good-looking (obvious) and talented.

Oh, also, one more thing. I've confirmed it. The Foundation is corrupt. The EC won't remove the strike. They've done so much shit over the past few years, I don't know how they get away from it. They're inhumane. I'm right, they're wrong. It's a shithole.

---

29/1/22

I've had a couple of days to think about my future at the Foundation. I really don't think it is right for me to work there anymore; I wouldn't fit in. I know what others don't. People don't realise what is actually happening. It's no less corrupt than a standard government.

Being a comedian might be the best thing for me nowadays. I have enough money for courses and lessons and I'll be happier. It's an idea worth pursuing. If I fail, I guess I'll have to stick here for another few months. If I succeed, I'll be living life. I won't fail anyway. 

 

---

30/1/22

Decided to splurge on a few comedy courses. Those should help immensely, I just can't miss the lessons. It's shit that they're scheduled during work. I'm sure they won't mind if I take some time off, right? I should be good. Mark it as PTO and voila, crisis subverted. 

Oh, still no news about the strike too. Proves that it was bullshit, eh?

---

1/2/22

New month, new me. I'm going balls to the wall; comedy is the way. This is my destiny, I can feel it. How did I never notice this beforehand? I'll be handing in my resignation tomorrow. All work can do now is distract me. It's what it has done for the past 32 years of my life. Good luck to me, I guess.

---

**Addendum 6582-3: Incident Report**

<details>
<summary>+ Access Addendum</summary>

**Incident Report D-UM88311** 

**Date:** 17^^th^^ March 2022 17:20 hours

Starting shortly after the containment of SCP-6582, an unauthorised member of Foundation personnel was observed entering SCP-6582's containment through CCTV.

---

= {{**[BEGIN LOG]**}}

{{**17:21:** An unrecognisable figure is seen wandering around near SCP-6582's containment. The figure seems to be wearing standard Containment Specialist attire.}}

{{**17:22:** The person is seen looking around, checking their surroundings. No other members of staff are near at this time.}}

{{**17:24:** They begin to approach the containment vault of SCP-6582, looking behind themselves once every few seconds.}}

{{**17:25:** They check their back one last time before entering the vault. They proceed to open the door to SCP-6582's containment.}}

{{**17:26:** Once inside SCP-6582's containment vault, the figure proceeds to smash the glass container holding SCP-6582(-B).}}

{{**17:27 - 17:29:** They stand before SCP-6582, stagnant.}}

{{**17:30:** They then begin to lift SCP-6582. Once lifted, they place SCP-6582 back onto SCP-6582-B, eventually heading towards the exit.}}

{{**17:31:** The figure is then seen sprinting away from the containment vault of SCP-6582, eventually leaving the view of the CCTV camera.}}

= {{**[END LOG]**}}

---

Following this incident and the lapse in complete security coverage, new measures have been put into place and the Special Containment Procedures have been updated accordingly. The perpetrator is yet to be discovered, and a full investigation is to commence within the coming weeks.

</details>
