=====

=====

.Ngo {

    padding: 4px 16px 4px 16px;

    box-shadow: 0px 0px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);

    width: 75%;

    margin: auto;

    margin-bottom: 28px;

    margin-top: 28px;

    background: #FBF9F3;

    border: dashed 0.1rem #5D5D5D;

### NOTE: This File Has Not Been Authorized by the SCP Foundation

**This file's author, Dr. Wettle, is not authorized to open new SCP files and has yet to provide meaningful evidence of an anomaly.**

**For more information, do not contact me.**

**— Dr. Harold Blank, Chair of Archives and Revisions (Site-43)**

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7543 is not contained. Manners in which to do so are currently being investigated by Dr. W. Wettle. And only by Dr. W. Wettle because no one else can be damned to help him. If you're going to drag everyone through your fake anomaly you could at least pretend to use a professional tone. - Blank 

**Description:** SCP-7543 is an anomaly localized exclusively within the home of Dr. Wettle You don't know that for sure! - Wettle  Show us some proof that this exists literally anywhere else and then we'll talk. - Blank . The anomaly consists of a single Lego brand toy brick that supposedly Is my word not enough for you? - Wettle  Obviously not! - Blank  will teleport under Dr. Wettle's bare foot at inopportune times.

Despite claiming this occurrence has happened multiple times, and providing a personal photograph of the offending Lego Brick, Dr. Wettle has failed to provide any definitive proof of the brick's anomalous affects. The time and resources required to test the brick will not be allocated to Dr. Wettle, and he would do good to not ask again.

**Discovery:** On February 24th, 2024, Dr. W. Wettle stepped on a Lego brick while walking barefoot through his home, he then proceeded to throw the Lego brick in frustration. Dr. Wettle failed to retrieve SCP-7543 after initial discovery, but has repeatedly encountered SCP-7543 while in similar situations.  

**Addendum 7543.1:**

Dr. Wettle,

Please meet me in my office immediately to discuss SCP-7543. I will know if you choose to ignore this.

**Interview Log**

**Officer of Record:** Dir. A. McInnis (Director, Site-43)

**Subject:** Dr. W. Wettle (Replication Studies, Site-43)

---

*<Excerpt begins.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** I'm telling you it's real! I've seen it disappear before my very eyes!

**Dir. McInnis:** Is that so?

**Dr. Wettle:** Well usually I'll look away for a second and I'll hear this little skittering noise, then it'll disappear. But I don't know where it goes and it keeps coming back!

**Dir. McInnis:** Look, Dr. Wettle, if you are currently struggling through a period of poor mental health I am perfectly sympathet-

*<Dr. Wettle cuts him off.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** Do you think I'm some kind of idiot?

*<Silence on recording.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** I'm not an idiot. I know everyone thinks I am, but I'm not! I've never once owned Lego bricks in my entire life, and now one keeps appearing in my house and I can't get rid of it! What sort of monster do I need to get *mauled* by in order to get just one person to take me seriously!

*<Dir. McInnis sighs.>*

**Dir. McInnis:** If I provide you with the equipment necessary to fully monitor your home for this... anomaly, do you promise to stop picking fights with the other department heads?

**Dr. Wettle:** Fine. Sure. Fine.

*<Excerpt ends.>*

**Addendum 7543.2:** First notable incident captured by Dr. Wettle.

**Incident Transcript**

**Location:** Home of Dr. W. Wettle (Replication Studies, Site-43)

---

*<Excerpt begins.>*

0334: *<Wettle's front door opens Dr. Wettle claims his door was locked at this time.  It was not. - Blank . A figure wearing a black ski mask steps in and looks around.>*

0336: *<Figure exits Wettle's home and returns dragging in a large opaque plastic tub. The figure meticulously dumps out the contents of the box, assorted Lego pieces, and spends several minutes spreading the bricks across the floor.>*

0346: *<Figure makes eye contact with the camera and proceeds to raise their middle finger up.>*

0347: *<Figure exits with empty plastic tub.>*

*<Excerpt ends.>*

**Addendum 7543.3:**

**Incident Transcript**

**Location:** Site-43 break room

**Personnel present:** Dr. W. Wettle (Replication Studies, Site-43), Dr. H. Blank (Archives and Revisions, Site-43)

---

*<Excerpt begins.>*

*<Wettle bursts into the break room holding a tablet. He points his index finger at Blank.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** You dick!

*<He holds out the tablet, which plays the footage of the previous night's break-in.>*

**Dr. Blank:** How do you know that's me?

**Dr. Wettle:** You shed like a dog. I found one of your white hairs on the floor! And this guy is way too short to be Lillihammer.

**Dr. Blank:** *Ouch*, okay.

**Dr. Wettle:** Why'd you do that?

**Dr. Blank:** You've been bitching to me for weeks about Lego bricks, thought I'd give you a real problem to deal with.

*<Wettle begins hyperventilating.>*

**Dr. Blank:** Are you okay?

**Dr. Wettle:** No! You dumped a tub of Lego bricks into my house!

**Dr. Blank:** You don't need to get so bent out of shape. It was just a joke.

**Dr. Wettle:** Just a-!

*<Wettle drops the tablet onto the table, collapses into a chair, and covers his face. The tablet continues to play the footage.>*

**Dr. Blank:** Does it...? Bother you that much?

**Dr. Wettle:** Yes! I've been trying to find this stupid fucking brick for so long and now I've got all these stupid bricks I don't know what to do with and I'm tired of stepping on them!

*<Dr. Wettle starts crying.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** I'm tired of stepping on those stupid bricks!

*<Blank stiffens and stares at the floor.>*

**Dr. Blank:** I... I'll come back and pick them back up.

*<Wettle grabs a handful of napkins and wipes his face.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** This whole fucking thing is driving me fucking crazy. I feel like I'm losing it and for once people agree with me.

**Dr. Blank:** Sorry, I really-

*<Something flickers across the tablet screen.>*

**Dr. Blank:** What the fuck was that?

**Dr. Wettle:** Don't fuck with me again!

**Dr. Blank:** No, I'm-

*<Blank pauses the footage and pinches the screen to zoom in on one point. He holds the tablet up for Wettle to see. A large house centipede is on top of the pile of Legos.>*

**Dr. Blank:** What the fuck is *that*?

*<Excerpt ends.>*

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7543 is contained within the home of Dr. W. Wettle, who assumes full responsibility for its containment and ongoing care.

**Description:** SCP-7543 is a Scutigera coleoptrata (more commonly known as the house centipede) that is roughly 30 cm in length, nearly twelve times the average size for a member of its species. SCP-7543 can teleport up to 3 meters away, to a place within eye's range including through transparent obstructions. SCP-7543 is extremely friendly, its mannerisms are comparable to that of a domestic dog.

**Discovery:**

**Incident Transcript**

**Location:** Home of Dr. W. Wettle (Replication Studies, Site-43)

---

*<Excerpt begins.>*

*<Wettle storms into his house. Several Lego pieces crunch and break under his shoes. He growls and kicks a pile of Legos, sending the bricks flying. SCP-7543 runs past Wettle, he proceeds to scream and press his back against the wall.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** What the fuck are you?!

*<SCP-7543 begins running towards Wettle. Visibly panicked, Wettle climbs onto one of his kitchen chairs. A leg snaps and Wettle collapses onto a pile of Legos.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** Ugh...

*<SCP-7543 crawls over Wettle's stomach. Wettle shouts and attempts to swat it off, sending more bricks flying.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** Ew! Ew! Get off!

*<Wettle gets to his feet, picks up a Lego brick and throws it at SCP-7543, missing completely. Within 1/8th of a second, SCP-7543 appears where the Lego brick has landed. Wettle presses his back flat against the wall and squeezes his eyes shut. SCP-7543 picks up the Lego brick in its jaws and runs back to Wettle, placing it by his feet.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** Huh?

*<Wettle hesitantly leans down, picks up the Lego brick, and throws it again. The Lego brick collides with a framed photograph of Wettle and his mother, cracking the glass. SCP-7543 teleports to where the Lego has landed.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** Fetch. We're playing fetch.

*<SCP-7543 returns the Lego brick and once again places it by Wettle's feet. He sits on the ground to get a closer look at SCP-7543.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** You just thought we were playing, huh? This whole time I thought you were another cosmic joke at my expense, and you're just a bug.

*<Wettle places his hand flat on the floor. SCP-7543 crawls onto his hand and allows itself to be lifted.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** I have to call McInnis!

*<Extraneous footage removed. Dir. McInnis arrives.>*

**Dir. McInnis:** This better be quite important.

**Dr. Wettle:** Look!

*<Wettle thrusts SCP-7543 into McInnis's face. McInnis startles and straightens his back.>*

**Dir. McInnis:** What?

**Dr. Wettle:** I thought that I was being harassed by a toy, but it was actually just this little fella putting Legos by my feet.

*<Wettle scratches under SCP-7543's chin.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** Isn't it cute?

**Dir. McInnis:** I.

*<McInnis draws a handkerchief from his pocket and dabs his forehead.>*

**Dir. McInnis:** Yes. I see. Very interesting indeed.

*<Wettle brings SCP-7543 closer. McInnis's breathing visibly quickens.>*

**Dr. Wettle:** Do you think I could keep it?

*<McInnis swallows.>*

**Dir. McInnis:** Sure.

*<Excerpt ends.>*

**Addendum:**

**Interview log**

**Subject:**  Dr. A. McInnis (Director, Site-43)

**Officer of Record:** Nhung T. Ngo (Deputy Chair, Psychology and Parapsychology Section, Site-43)

---

*<Excerpt begins.>*

**Dr. Ngo:** Well then, that had a happy ending, didn't it.

**Dir. McInnis:** I don't like it.

**Dr. Ngo:** Hm?

**Dir. McInnis:** He called me over after he found it and I let it crawl all over my arm so I wouldn't hurt his feelings. All of its legs touched me.

**Dr. Ngo:** I think it's cute how it follows him around everywhere.

**Dir. McInnis:** I'm very happy for Wettle. It's always good when my staff is happy, but I don't like it. He brings that strange bug of his wherever he's allowed to and I just don't like it.

**Dr. Ngo:** I didn't take you for someone with entomophobia. Or does that still apply if it has so many legs?

**Dir. McInnis:** Nothing should have that many legs.

*<Excerpt ends.>*

---

<< [SCP-7542](SCP-7542) | SCP-7543 | [SCP-7544](SCP-7544) >>

---

> **Filename:** legobrick

> **Name:** Lego 2x4 brick.jpg

> **Author:** Ziongarage

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lego_2x4_brick.jpg)

> **Filename:** homecentipede

> **Name:** Scutigeromorpha P1580882a.jpg

> **Author:** xpda

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Scutigeromorpha_P1580882a.jpg)
