/* DIV BLOCKS stolen from lt flops */

.quote-block{

    border: 2px double #999;

    background-color: #f4f4f4;

    padding: .25em 1em;

    margin-bottom: 1em;

}

.report-box{

    border: 2px solid rgb(12, 12, 12);

    background-color: white;

    padding: .25em 1em;

    margin-bottom: 1em;

}

**Item #:** SCP-7300

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7300 is contained within the Site-438 pond. In events of extreme weather, an object locker with a grow light has been prepared. 

SCP-7300 currently meets with Dr. Joanna Goodman weekly, both for mental health screenings and physical inspection.

**Description:** SCP-7300 is a freshwater phytoplankton*Pleurosigma, Heleoplankton*. While SCP-7300 is able to photosynthesize energy, it can also ingest organic matter. 

SCP-7300 is also capable of speechFluent in both English and Swedish at average human decibel levels and has substantial knowledge of human society.

### Discovery

SCP-7300 was discovered by [Wilson's Wildlife Solutions](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/wilson-s-wildlife-solutions-hub) during a routine blue-green algae test in the Staats Lake of Eugene, Oregon, where it was reportedly "sobbing" and "begging for forgiveness." 

In accordance with the Boring Agreement, SCP-7300 was promptly transferred to Site-438. Following a brief observation period, an interview was conducted by Dr. Wexler.

**<Begin Log>**

**SCP-7300:** Hey~~ ah fuck, man~~ god. Uh. Thanks for moving me to a room with windows. I mean, artificial light is nice and all, but nothin' quite replaces the real thing. But maybe shitty light is just my destiny, 'cause I'm a shitty--

**Dr. Wexler:** SCP-7300. Please, stay on track. I've brought you here to answer some questions, and hopefully we can figure out what happened to you, okay?

**SCP-7300:** That's the thing~~ I think I was *always* like this. A shitty fuckin' mite~~ 

**Dr. Wexler:** I'm going to have to ask that you remain calm. I sympathize with your situation, I really do. I got turned into a mosquito once, and lemme tell you, it wasn't very fun. But I got turned back. We can help you. 

**SCP-7300:** I-- okay. Fuck. 

**Dr. Wexler:** Thank you. To start off... what all do you remember?

**SCP-7300:** Um... a lot. My memories are kind of hazy. I remember being born, and feeling like something *very* wrong was happening. Couldn't quite place it at first~~ just felt like~~ like a square peg in a round hole, y'know? Then I realized I was actually a guy peg in an algae hole. 

**Dr. Wexler:** Plankton hole, actually.

**SCP-7300:** A~~ I'm a fucking *plankton*? Like~~ like Spongebob?

**Dr. Wexler:** I mean, uh... I guess you're part of the species that inspired the character? 

**SCP-7300:** Man. I should build a robot. Robot wife... Fuck yeah...

**Dr. Wexler:** Sure. So, uh, you mentioned Spongebob, do you have any other memories of human society? 

**SCP-7300:** Yeah! Tons of 'em. I watched *so* much cable TV. And I know how to do taxes, like, really well. I'm thinking I was an accountant. I had a wife. And kids. And a kidney stone. And an ex-wife. Turns out divorce papers are harder to fill out than Form W-9s. Way, *way* harder. I don't remember their names. We lived by a river. Had to move in with my parents later. Then I must've died. That's, uh... that's about it.

**Dr. Wexler:** That's... that's a lot. But you're saying that you were *once* a human, correct?

**SCP-7300:** I was. I think. I don't know what god I pissed off for *this* to happen. But I've been thinking, and it's really not that bad~~ it's~~ I don't have to eat~~ I mean, I can~~ but. 

**Dr. Wexler:** But? 

**SCP-7300:** I just wanna know if this is like, a curse, or some kind of cosmic-level fuck up, or like... god. I don't know. I'm sorry. Shit.

**Dr. Wexler:** It's okay. You've given me a lot of information to go off of. We can give you a happy life here, for now. There's a nice pond near here. Maybe I can see if we can put you there? 

**SCP-7300:** I... I guess? Ponds are nice. Do you have frogs there? Ducks? 

**Dr. Wexler:** Yeah! A duck recently laid eggs, we're expecting little chicks to pop up any day now. 

**SCP-7300:** Oh my god. Really?

**Dr. Wexler:** Really. 

**SCP-7300:** That's uh... That's... I don't really know what to say. But, uh, I just... I've got one more worry. 

**Dr. Wexler:** What is it? If the pond isn't to your liking, we can try and--

**SCP-7300:** No-- no, the pond sounds great. Wonderful, even. It's just... if this *was* some kind of cosmic fuckup, where like, my guy peg got put into an algae hole... then what happened to the algae peg that got put into a guy hole?

**Dr. Wexler:** That's... we don't even know if that's what happened.

**SCP-7300:** No, no, I've got a feeling that *is* what's happened. I'm a victim here! My body is very much my concern! Because it's *mine*! 

**Dr. Wexler:** You're drawing unfounded conclusions and--

**SCP-7300:** There's some fucked up baby out there that's eating *light* and has like, zero brain function! Plankton don't *think*! I tried talking to them, to my brothers and sisters. They really don't! They get eaten up easily, they don't even think to just *swim away*! Maybe I should just embrace my position in the food chain and--

**Dr. Wexler:** Calm down. Please, just take a deep~~  uh, just~~ a deep... photosynthesis? Do you want to go see the pond? 

**SCP-7300:** *Do I?!?* Yeah. Fuck yeah. I fucking love ponds.

**Dr. Wexler:** Great. Ah-- just out the window, you can actually see it from here! 

**SCP-7300:** Oh *fuck*. That's a good pond. Shit, dude.

**Dr. Wexler:** It really is, huh?

**SCP-7300:** Fuck yeah! Hell yeah! Oh man. Y'know what? I take it back--

**Dr. Wexler:** The pond, or--

**SCP-7300:** I love being a plankton!

**<End Log>**

As of May 1st, 2022, SCP-7300's morale ratings are at an all-time high. As such, investigations into the origins of SCP-7300 have been placed on low priority indefinitely. SCP-7300's psychologist, Dr. Goodman, expressed support for this action, stating the following:

In this case, doing anything more is unnecessary, and perhaps even harmful. SCP-7300's mental state practically crashes every single interview. Right now, it's finally doing better than ever before. 

 

The best we can do is give it a happy life, and we're doing just that currently. If you've spoken with SCP-7300, you can tell how it feels.

 

It just really loves being a plankton. That's it. 

<< [SCP-7299](SCP-7299) | SCP-7300 | [SCP-7301](SCP-7301) >>

@@@@

@@@@

]

@@@@

@@@@

=====

> **Filename:** plankton.jpg

> **Name:** Mikrofoto.de-Pleurosigma angulatum-11.jpg

> **Author:** [Frank Fox](http://www.mikro-foto.de/)

> **License:**  [CC BY-SA 3.0 DE](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/de/deed.en)

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mikrofoto.de-Pleurosigma_angulatum-11.jpg)

=====
