@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-7023

**Containment Class:** Euclid

**Threat Class:** Multiversal

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:**

Currently, SCP-7023 is being contained in a standard humanoid cell at Site-24 under the authority of Foundation variant ##blue|**-ZL/152a**##. Investigation into the origin of its anomaly is ongoing. Individuals searching for more information should contact the Department of Multiversal Defense.

@@ @@

**Description:**

 SCP-7023 is {{Julian August Mari}}, a baseline 33-year-old human male, currently in the custody of the Foundation in Universe##blue|**-ZL/152a**##. SCP-7023 is non-anomalous, however, appears to be the only remaining multiversal variant of an individual most commonly referred to as {{Julia Truan}}. The Department of Multiversal Defense is currently investigating the reason for this multiversal anomaly. So far, this investigation has reached several conclusions:

* {{Julian Mari}} of Universe##blue|**-ZL/152a**## is the only remaining multiversal variant matching their multiversal signature. No signature matching that of SCP-7023 has been identified in any of the investigated universes.

* In the past, a variant of {{Julia Truan}} has been present in every single investigated universe. Furthermore, it would appear that every variant of {{Julia Truan}} With the exception of SCP-7023.  has ceased to exist simultaneously.

* Therefore, an unprecedented multiversal event must have led to a complete disappearance or destruction of every other multiversal variant of SCP-7023.

Due to the nature and implications of this potential wide-scale multiversal event, a meeting was called by the Department of Multiversal Defense based on the 'Hexauniversal Foundation Collaboration Agreement' from 2018.

**Addendum 7023.1:** Department of Multiversal Defense Leadership Meeting Transcript

### Internal Recording Transcript

**In Attendance:**

* O5-1 (##green|**-WK/441a**##)

* Dr. Hastur Galva (##green|**-WK/441a**##)

* Dr. Ariana Ike (##magenta|**-WL/093a**##)

* Dr. Ariana Rosé (##purple|**-WL/093b**##)

* O5-1 (##blue|**-ZL/152a**##)

* O5-7 (##blue|**-ZL/152a**##)

* Dr. Vladislaw Molder (##blue|**-ZL/152a**##)

* Dr. Trevor Andur (##orange|**-ZL/214a**##)

* O5-5 (##orange|**-ZL/214a**##)

* Dr. Yama Dulili (##red|**-ZL/846a**##)

---

##### Hexauniversal Foundation Collaboration Agreement

The **HFC Agreement**, first signed in 2018 by representatives of six Foundation variants These variants coming from Universes ##green|**-WK/441a**##, ##magenta|**-WL/093a**##, ##purple|**-WL/093b**##, ##blue|**-ZL/152a**##, ##orange|**-ZL/214a**## and ##red|**-ZL/846a**##. from six neighbouring universes, ensures collaboration and information exchange between these Foundation variants. This agreement was formed as a direct response against the increasing threat posed by a multiversal Group of Interest-X01 known as '**Rea-Utis per**'.

Based on this agreement, a newly created joint **Department of Multiversal Defense** is to investigate neighbouring universes and create solutions for multiversal threats.

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** Thank you all for coming here on such short notice, especially you Yama. I am aware of the current situation in your universe and I promise not to waste your time.

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** Oh please, Dr. Galva, let's just get to business.

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** Alright, as you all probably know, our field investigation units have reached a frightening answer to the riddle of SCP-7023. It would appear that some sort of wide-range event of unknown origin and purpose, has occurred, leaving no survivors, save for SCP-7023. What makes this event frightening is the scale. It was a pure coincidence that we even noticed something was wrong. Whatever happened left no traces of its handiwork.

**##blue|Dr. Molder:##** Yes, ehm. If I may, our agents have attempted to track the multiversal signature of our subject through all known means. Even thaumaturgy has failed us. We have no idea what caused it and we are even more clueless when it comes to SCP-7023 itself. 

**##purple|Dr. Rosé:##** Maybe he just got lucky.

**##blue|O5-7:##** Then I'd say Mr. Mari should consider himself the luckiest man alive. 

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** Agreed. While we cannot ascertain with a precision that he is the only remaining instance of themselves, he is most definitely the only one in this multiversal cluster as well as in our neighbouring ones.

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** Well, that may not necessarily be true. There are a number of universes we haven't checked.

**##green|O5-1:##** Dr. Dulili, with all due respect, if this is about the X and Y clusters-

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** Look, all I'm saying is, maybe this has something to do with the *memetic pricks*.

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** Yama, please. There is no need for such language here. I understand-

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** No, you don't. Look, I'm sorry. I know we shouldn't bring our own universal problems here, but we are at war! And just because you all refuse to acknowledge it, doesn't-

**##green|O5-1:##** Dr. Dulili, please, we can discuss this at another time.

*[**##red|Dr. Dulili##** is visibly irritated but agrees.]*

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** Actually, Yama might have a point. We've never seen multiversal threats on this scale before. *Rea-Utis per* comes second in their ability. Maybe we're just missing the obvious here.

**##orange|Dr. Andur:##** Doctor, err- Ariana?

*[**##magenta|Dr. Ike##** and **##purple|Dr. Rosé##** both turn their heads towards **##orange|Dr. Andur##**.]*

**##orange|Dr. Andur:##** Sorry, still a bit new to this. I keep forgetting which one is which. I wanted to speak to Dr. Ariana Ike.

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** That would be me.

**##orange|Dr. Andur:##** Right. Anyhow, if we put aside the obvious problem of *how*, I was wondering, why exactly would a civilisation focused on conquering other universes, want to destroy a single person in every universe?

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** Good question. Well, we know one thing. They are persistent. We've managed to hold out against them for years now. Maybe they just figured if they can't absorb us, they could just destroy us.

*[The room falls silent.]*

**##orange|O5-5:##** They don't have the means. No one has that kind of power.

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** It's a possibility though. They certainly haven't given up. My world suffers their raids constantly. But you're right. We can deal with them.

**##blue|O5-1:##** Even if this was all possible, which it isn't-

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** As far as we know. We have no idea what's going on in their clusters.

**##blue|O5-1:##** Yes, Dr. Ike, to our knowledge. But even if, the necessary power for something like that would be enormous.

**##purple|Dr. Rosé:##** The multiverse is infinite, as far as we know. And according to our estimates, Rea-Utis per and its variations are present in most universes of the X and Y clusters. That's a lot of resources in their hands.

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** Yes, but they aren't working together. It is inconceivable.

**##green|O5-1:##** Precisely. Their memetic nature makes it impossible for them to work with other variants of themselves. Half of their efforts are focused on fighting themselves.

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** We should still investigate it. If they've found a way to destroy something across the entire multiverse, we are all in extreme danger.

**##orange|Dr. Andur:##** So, should we then presume that if they tried to destroy Ms. Truan in all universes, that their metaphorical weapon somehow missed Mr. Mari?

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** Well, only if we would presume that to be the case.

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** We do.

**##blue|O5-1:##** Alright, alright. We shouldn't eliminate any possibilities. For now, Dr. Molder, is there any information to be gained from SCP-7023 itself?

**##blue|Dr. Molder:##** No, nothing useful anyway. He's honestly not an interesting man. He wasn't even aware of the anomalous when we got to him. Quite frankly, I am still of the opinion that we should release him.

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** We have discussed this. He stays in your care until we find out more. We should talk to him again.

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** He might seem ordinary but there is quite literally no one else like him.

##### The threat of Rea-Utis per

Very little is known about the principal constants forming the memetic concept of Rea-Utis per. It appears to be a powerful meme manifesting itself as a semireligious idea dedicated to spreading itself across the multiverse. Foundation originating from Universe##red|**-ZL/846a**## has first encountered a variant of this meme in 2017 when a group of memetically infected individuals attempted to invade their universe and had to be forcefully repelled. This threat was later classified as GoI-X01.

Since the formation of the HFC Agreement, it has been ascertained that a large portion of the neighbouring X and Y clusters of universes have been either successfully invaded by this meme or are a place of origin for a variation of the idea. As such, travel to infected universes is highly forbidden. All non-allied universes, that haven't been infected, are to be made aware of this threat so as to possibly establish an alliance. 

**Addendum 7023.2:** Dr. Galva's personal thoughts on SCP-7023

Our teams have investigated over 200 individual universes belonging to almost a dozen different multiversal clusters. Not a single one of them helped us understand SCP-7023, the destructive event that created it, or what could have caused it. The investigation has concluded, that each variation of Julia/Julian/etc has simply ceased to exist simultaneously about a week ago. All of them, except for SCP-7023. In fact, probably no one in the entire multiverse has the means to even know it happened. We only know it happened, because, to us, it didn't.

Well, it did. I didn't know Dr. Julia Truan in my universe but now I know she worked for the Foundation. There is this pronounced sense of fear when dealing with other versions of yourself. Something more akin to existential dread, than actual physical terror. I still don't understand how Ariana deals with it. How they both deal with it...

Sometimes I catch myself thinking about my other selves, especially when *Rea-Utis per* is brought up. To know, there is most likely a me somewhere beyond the barrier of this world working to destroy or worse, to assimilate this place. Sometimes I wonder, if there is a me out there, that is so different from how I think and from who I am, that I wouldn't recognise myself in them.

SCP-7023, if the term should even apply, doesn't have to ask these questions anymore. Survivor's guilt is, of course, a wholly different factor but there must still be something strangely calming when one knows, there aren't any other selves of theirs.

-- from the journal of **##green|Dr. Hastur Galva##**

**Addendum 7023.3:** Interview with SCP-7023

**Foreword:**

**##blue|Dr. Molder##** has decided to conduct another interview with SCP-7023 as per request by the project leadership. However, before the scheduled interview could be conducted SCP-7023 reported experiencing strange symptoms forcing Dr. Molder to start the interview early. 

---

**Dr. Molder:** Good morning, Mr. Mari. How are you feeling today? 

**SCP-7023:** Morning Doctor. I'm, yeah, I guess I'm doing okay. 

**Dr. Molder:** Glad to hear that. Now, what was that about the sickness?

**SCP-7023:** Yeah, yeah, I'm feeling kinda dizzy all day. It's probably nothing but I wanted you to know since you wanted to know if anything happened.

**Dr. Molder:** I see. I'll make sure we get you checked. Anything else?

**SCP-7023:** Well, I mean, I wanted to ask when I could finally leave this place.

**Dr. Molder:** Mr. Mari, I-

**SCP-7023:** No, listen Doc. I've been here for about two weeks now. People will know-

**Dr. Molder:** Don't worry, Mr. Mari, no one is going to notice that you're gone. 

**SCP-7023:** Well, I do have a- I do have a flat to take care of and- I mean I don't really have a family but there is this stray cat that comes to my doors-

**Dr. Molder:**  Mr. Mari, I'll be honest with you. We have no idea when we'll be able to release you. As you are aware, the nature of your anomaly is rather unorthodox even by our standard.

**SCP-7023:** What anomaly? Honestly Doc, I tried to catch a thing or two, but none of it honestly makes sense to me.

**Dr. Molder:** We've discussed this.

**SCP-7023:** Yeah, yeah I get that. I'm unique or something. But the way I see it, I can't shoot lasers or fly or nothing. So why not just let me go?

*[Dr. Molder stays silent.]*

**SCP-7023:** See Doctor? I thought you were just keeping me around because I could talk. But then I figured you probably have something to make me forget all about this place

**Dr. Molder:** [Silence.] We do.

**SCP-7023:** I knew it! Well, so why not just give it to me?

**Dr. Molder:** Well, you may not feel like it, Mr. Mari, but you are a rather special man, even if you can't 'shoot lasers' or fly.

**SCP-7023:** So what can I- [Winces in pain.]

**Dr. Molder:** Mr. Mari?! What is- Oh my god!

*[SCP-7023 is tightly holding his left wrist with his right hand. His skin around the area is visibly darkening as the effect spreads. He seems to be in a lot of pain.]*

**SCP-7023:** Gosh, it- it hurts! What- what is going on Doc?

**Dr. Molder:** I- I don't- know- stay here! [Quickly exits the room.] Help! I need a medic!

---

**Afterword:** In the aftermath of this interview, an on-site medical specialist has been called in to assist SCP-7023. However, before he could arrive all immediate effects ceased and only the darkened skin around the subject's left wrist remained. SCP-7023 claimed that the pain has stopped although he clearly remained in shock. Additional testing was approved shortly after. 

Testing revealed no conclusive results of the effect on the skin of SCP-7023. The effect appears to be purely anomalous, however, upon further investigation, traces of foreign extrauniversal signature were discovered. In light of this, the origin point of the effect has been tracked to Universe**-XT/007a**.

##### Multiversal Clusters X & Y

Shortly after mapping out neighbouring cluster areas of the multiverse, the Department of Multiversal Defense discovered the X cluster of universes, which were soon determined to be the origin of Rea-Utis per. Because of the dangerous memetic influence present in these universes, no proper exploration attempt was deemed feasible and all subsequent effort has been focused on shielding the clusters so as to isolate the spread of the memetic infection. 

All of these efforts were halted in 2019 when it was discovered that what was previously thought to be a singular memetic virus, has in fact been numerous multiversal variants fighting between themselves. The general theory states that due to the semireligious nature of the meme, different variants see each other as heretical and fight between themselves for supremacy. 

**Addendum 7023.4:** Excerpt from Dr. Ike's Theory on Multiversal Travel

Ever since we've discovered the multiverse, our goal has been to find out more about it. We've sent recon teams to navigate and map out neighbouring universes. It was never easy to make sense of distances between universes as they more or less represent variation. When we say a universe is neighbouring ours, we mean to say it is one of many to do so and one of many that are different. Sure, people might speak differently, the sky might be red and flamingoes might not exist but the general physics and requirements for human life are usually the same. The further we go, the more strange things become. If we imagine the multiverse as a three-dimensional space, which it isn't but it helps, we could imagine this variation factor as distance travelled from our original universe.

In other words, even if the travel from universe A to universe B is simultaneous and travel from universe A to universe R is also simultaneous, the imagined distance between these universes is not the same, thus universe A is very far from what universe R would look like. Now, when we talk about multiversal travel, we often throw around the term Universal Cluster. A cluster of universes quite frankly not a real thing. Like many other terms, it is simply something that helps us visualise the multiverse better. Theoretically, a cluster is a dense group of universes that generally share a significant feature. For example, the infamous X cluster discovered shortly after the invention of multiversal travel (in our universe anyway) is an infinite group of universes all sharing similar patterns. In most of them, light doesn't have the same properties as it does in our universe and neither does sound. If you wanted to put it in other terms, assuming you are familiar with [Hume levels](and-this-one-explains-humes), the local reality level of most universes in the X cluster is lower than in our own.

The point is, that even if all of these classifications are superficial and in no way reflect the actual distances between universes or any such thing, they can aid in universal navigation. Knowing which universes share our laws of physics and reality can be vital in traversing the multiverse. It is also a very helpful indicator in determining the severity of multiversal threats. As I've theorised before, many entities or groups travelling the multiverse must surely use a similar navigation system. This would of course explain why the hostile memetic civilisation of 'Rea-Utis per' is so hesitant to attack our universes in full force. We know our clusters have slightly different parameters and they must know it as well. Plus, of course, the universe is infinite and their clusters are filled with variations of the same meme. Luckily for us.

-- from 'Theory on Multiversal Travel' by **##magenta|Dr. Ariana Ike##**

**Addendum 7023.5:** Incident Report

On 17/09/2022 multiple universal breaches were discovered during a routine control of extrauniversal frequency scanners in Universe##red|**-ZL/846a**##. Per protocol, MTF units were deployed to each location in anticipation of a raid party from a different universe. Within several minutes, these MTFs were overwhelmed by the number of hostiles and had to retreat.

An emergency distress call has been issued immediately through the Department of Multiversal Defense to all member and allied universes. Support units from Universes##magenta|**-WL/093a**##, ##purple|**-WL/093b**## and ##orange|**-ZL/214a**## were capable of hindering the advance of hostile forces but were unable to destroy them. This chain of events led the Foundation leadership of Universe##red|**-ZL/846a**## to a desperate action not supported by the Department of Multiversal Defense.

By a direct unauthorized command from **##red|Dr. Dulili##**, MTF Juliett-7 "World Hoppers" was sent through a multiversal gateway to Universe**-XT/007a**, as it has been previously determined to be the origin point of the symptoms affecting SCP-7023. Below is a transcript of the mission.The existence of this unauthorised mission was discovered only after its conclusion and **##red|Dr. Dulili##** was severely reprimanded. Non-relevant parts have been cut.

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** 18/09/2022

**Exploration Team:** Mobile Task Force Juliett-7 "World Hoppers"

**Location of Interest:** Universe**-XT/007a**

**Team Lead:** J-7 Fort

**Team Members:** J-7 Circle, J-7 Halo, J-7 Turret

---

##### Group of Interest-X01

As Rea-Utis per is not a united threat, its principles are difficult to describe. In most cases all GoI-X01 infected individuals remain human, however, exceptions to this rule have been encountered. The memetic virus itself presents an even bigger challenge, as it seems to be highly adaptable and capable of infecting different consciousness in different universes, making it extremely potable. What can be said for almost all variants of GoI-X01 is the fact that their religious iconography revolves around unity, light and the spread of their ideology.

Since their discovery, at least a few dozen individual variants of Rea-Utis per have been encountered. Many of these variants have employed a strategy of peaceful first contact, so as to infect an unaware universe. Due to this, the deemed response to any communication attempts involves treating them as hostiles.

[BEGIN LOG]

**J-7 Fort:** So... Yama? Wanna tell us why this mission didn't come from above?

**Dr. Dulili:** No. You can still walk out on me if you want.

**J-7 Fort:** Not gonna happen. I've been looking forward to this for a long time. No way. So what you've got for us?

**Dr. Dulili:** A quick recon, locate the device, artefact or whatever that will match this signature. Try not to get into trouble and get back asap.

**J-7 Fort:** Copy that. [Momentary silence.] You know this will get us *all* into trouble right?

**Dr. Dulili:** I know... Good luck. [Dr. Dulili disconnects from the radio.] 

**J-7 Fort:** Alright. We've got all this special antimemetic gear, cognito-blockers, stealth armour- Pocket reality anchors? Damn, where did you get all this stuff, girl?

*[Silence.]* 

**J-7 Fort:** Aaand, she's gone. Looks like it's on us boys. So, is everyone ready?

**J-7 Circle:** Ready.

**J-7 Halo:** Ready.

**J-7 Turret:** Ready, sir.

**J-7 Fort:** Okay, start it up, Circle.

**J-7 Circle:** I'm on it. 

*[J-7 Circle activates a Thaumaturgic Portal in the middle of the chamber using a ritual. This process takes about a minute and a half.]* 

**J-7 Circle:** Done. It should be attuned to the right universe.

**J-7 Halo:** Should?

**J-7 Circle:** It is. I got it right.

**J-7 Fort:** Enough chitchat, let's go. Circle, you last, Turret up front, Halo with me.

*[Team J-7 walks through an unauthorized Thaumaturgic Portal and arrives in Universe**-XT/007a**. They appear to be standing in a narrow street with a dark yellow sky above them. The team immediately starts looking around for any sign of hostiles. The architecture around them is roughly reminiscent of ancient Middle Eastern cultures and everything appears to be desaturated.An effect of local physics affecting the way light interacts with matter. Once the team determines that they are alone, they proceed down the street.]* 

*[J-7 Halo uses a provided Kant Counter to measure local reality finding it to be several Humes below the baseline. The team shortly discusses collecting samples but decides to stick to their mission. Upon exiting the street, they find themselves in some sort of plaza. Stone bricks on the ground aren't even and the whole plaza seems to be descending towards a massive straight tower constructed out of pitch black material. J-7 Turret voices his concerns about a lack of people and J-7 Fort orders the team to advance towards the tower after confirming that the provided signature matches.]* 

*[Team J-7 moves quickly and soon arrives at the base of the tower. The height of the object is difficult to ascertain due to its size but it must be over 200 meters long.]*

**J-7 Turret:** I really don't like this. Where are all the hostiles?

**J-7 Halo:** Relax, they're probably all attacking our home.

**J-7 Turret:** How can you say such a thing? That doesn't help at all!

**J-7 Fort:** Cut it out you two. Eyes up front. Let's grab whatever we can and rush back. This place is giving me the creeps.

**J-7 Circle:** Ehm, sir?

**J-7 Fort:** What it is?

*[J-7 Circle points to an entrance to the tower, that was previously hidden due to the extremely dark material it is made out of.]*

**J-7 Turret:** I've got it. [J-7 Turret advances up front with his gun while the other members follow.]

*[The interior is made out of the same dark material but is illuminated with strange yellow glowing orbs in the walls. Using this, the team is able to enter a chamber located in the middle of the tower. Their cognito-blockers start alerting them during this time. The center of the tower is revealed to be hollow with a long glowing spiral object in the middle leading from the ground all the way to the top. This object is notably being partially covered by the team's cognito-blockers.]*

**J-7 Halo:** What the fuck is that thing?

**J-7 Circle:** I've- I've seen this before, I think. It's-

**J-7 Fort:** It's a multiverse map. Edriletian modelThe Edriletian civilisation was one of the first ones to create a somewhat functional multiverse map. The model is not compatible with modern knowledge as it presents each universe as a sphere on an infinite line which is signified by either creating a circle or simply having no end.. It's not the most accurate representation as far as I know and my head hurts just from looking at it.

**J-7 Halo:** Why is my vizor censoring it?

**J-7 Turret:** I don't know but it's something strong. I can feel it pushing against the cognito-blockers. Is there anything to grab here?

**J-7 Fort:** Circle?

*[J-7 Circle is looking at the tower walls, which are also covered in symbols, lines and cognitohazards.]*

**J-7 Circle:** I- I think this is written in their language and a couple of other languages. And this, that's-

**J-7 Turret:** Latin?

**J-7 Circle:** I think so but the blockers are hiding some parts of it. It must be some kind of message meant for a wide audience. They want to share it with everyone. Look there!

*[He points to a text couple of meters from the ground written in English. It reads: {{"WE, THE LUCKY CHOSEN, WHO HAVE USURPED THE HAND OF DESTINY AND CAST DOWN ██████ TO SLAY ALL THE HERETICS, HEREBY SAY ████████████ TO ALL ███████ AS THE SUN SETTLES UPON THE ETERNAL FLAME OF THIS JUST LAND OF LIGHT"}}]*

**J-7 Halo:** Well that just sounds like their usual memetic religious bullshit.

**J-7 Turret:** I don't know man, I really don't like this. 

**J-7 Halo:** There's no one here.

**J-7 Turret:** Exactly.

**J-7 Circle:** There are a couple more things here written in all kinds of gibberish. I'll record it and they can study it back at the base but I think we should go. Sir?

**J-7 Fort:** Definitely do that. Make sure you've got everything we can get and then let's get out of here.

*[The team records everything in the room for a couple more minutes before leaving. On their way back a loud noise is heard akin to a french horn being blown in the distance. Afterwards, the team uses a Thaumaturgical Portal on their way back home.]*

[END LOG]

**Addendum 7023.6:** DoMD Leadership Meeting Transcript

In the light of this chain of events, a meeting of DoMD Leadership has been called to discuss further development.

### Internal Recording Transcript

**In Attendance:**

* Dr. Hastur Galva (##green|**-WK/441a**##)

* Dr. Ariana Ike (##magenta|**-WL/093a**##)

* Dr. Ariana Rosé (##purple|**-WL/093b**##)

* Dr. Vladislaw Molder (##blue|**-ZL/152a**##)

* Dr. Trevor Andur (##orange|**-ZL/214a**##)

* Dr. Yama Dulili (##red|**-ZL/846a**##)

---

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** Yama, what have you done?

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** I did what I had to do. None of you wanted to move a finger so I went behind your backs and did something. Feel free to punish me later. Now we have more pressing issues.

*[**##red|Dr. Dulili##** takes out multiple sheets of paper and distributes them between the other members.]*

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** Is this what I think this is?

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** It's confirmation, Ari. We were right, SCP-7023 is a result of their Eigenweapon program. And it's much worse, it's just the testing shot. Dr. Molder?

**##blue|Dr. Molder:##** Yes, I- Sorry but-

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** This is all very nice, Yama, but we have no conclusive evidence. All I see here are theories and ideas. You presume that this weapon of theirs is capable of destroying all variations of something? How would that even work and why?

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** That is precisely what I'm saying! It seems to target a specific element present in a large number of universes and then it destroys all of its variants simultaneously. All except one.

**##purple|Dr. Rosé:##** And how exactly does that work?

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** *[Sigh.]* I don't know. But since when do we need to know how things work before we try to stop them?

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** What she's trying to say is, how exactly do we know that?

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** Well, the recovered texts seem to refer to their weapon as Cleansing Flame and from what our linguists can tell, we know what they wanted it for. In fact, we know they already used it. *[**##red|Dr. Dulili##** is visibly shaking.]* They used it on themselves.

[Silence.]

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** Please explain.

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** Gladly... Ehm, so. The recovered texts seem to be our biggest lead. Turns out we really underestimated how creative they can be. Apparently, one of their variants created the weapon to do exactly what it does. We don't have the specifics and I doubt they matter now. But they used it on themselves to get rid of all the other variants. It was a roulette.

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** My god.

**##purple|Dr. Rosé:##** So... because their biggest weakness was constant infighting, they destroyed all the other variants, except for themselves? Why not just target something more tangible, like the Foundation?

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** They want to spread their influence. They can't do that if there isn't anything left. Maybe the Foundation is too involved with our worlds. I don't know... In the text, they call themselves the Lucky Chosen. I guess they saw it as some religious ritual to find out which variant is the right one.

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** Using random chance?

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** Does it matter? We have a more pressing issue. I doubt there's something standing in their way to us now. We've already experienced their newly found strength.

**##orange|Dr. Andur:##** Ehm, excuse me, but what exactly are you suggesting we do?

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** I- I honestly don't know. I wanted to coordinate some kind of attack or something. But- I don't know how to fight this. It might take some time before the lucky variation takes over the rest of the clusters but if we don't do something soon, we're done.

*[Silence.]*

**##blue|Dr. Molder:##** Ehm. Can I say something now?

**##magenta|Dr. Ike:##** Go ahead. It's not- [Suddenly stops talking.]

*[The room erupts in panic as both **##magenta|Dr. Ike##** and **##purple|Dr. Rosé##** instantly disappear.]*

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** What? What just happened?

**##blue|Dr. Molder:##** I don't know!

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** Oh no! It's them!

**##orange|Dr. Andur:##** But why? We haven't done anything to them. Why-

*[**##orange|Dr. Andur##** suddenly disappears.]*

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** Well... *[In a shaky voice.]* That's not exactly true.

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** What?! Could you please just get to the point!

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** The mission log, it- it omitted something.

**##blue|Dr. Molder:##** What do you mean?

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** They were there to gather information but also- They carried a bomb.

**##green|Dr. Galva:##** A bomb?!

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** I'm sorry. I didn't think straight. They were going to wipe us out and I- It was a technological marvel, antimemetic bomb capable of rendering a huge area practically unnoticeable. I wanted to use it on their weapon to hide it from them. But maybe they had another one, or it didn't blow, or whatever. They must have figured out who sent it.

*[**##green|Dr. Galva##** suddenly disappears.]*

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** Gosh, I'm so sorry. *[Starts crying.]*

**##blue|Dr. Molder:##** Okay, listen! We probably don't have much time, so listen. SCP-7023 is infected, remember? The thing is slowly killing him. It's the same thing that killed everyone else, that's why it led us straight to the weapon.

*[**##red|Dr. Dulili##** doesn't say anything but nods.]*

**##blue|Dr. Molder:##** Whatever it's doing, maybe it's not perfect. I hate myself for saying it but if the man dies, there's a chance the memetic fucks will all die too. Maybe, there's still a chanc- 

*[**##blue|Dr. Molder##** suddenly disappears.]*

**##red|Dr. Dulili:##** No, please, I- I don't- I'm so sorry.

*[**##red|Dr. Dulili##** continues crying for another few seconds before she suddenly disappears.]*

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

{{This is an urgent message from the **Department of Multiversal Defense**.}}

{{To all allied groups within the multiverse: We are under attack.}}

{{An extremely dangerous memetic phenomenon is spreading throughout the multiverse and is currently attacking us. We have recently classified this phenomenon as SCP-7023, although the largest affected group calls itself *Rea-Utis per*. Any attempts at communication from this group should be ignored. This message is a warning and a call for help. They have devised a weapon capable of selecting targets in other universes.}}

{{We have reason to believe that there is a way to defeat this threat but we cannot do it alone. Their initial outburst has claimed many of our lives, including our leadership, but we are dedicated to fight back. It is possible that your own universe has already experienced this. Please, if you are receiving this message, forward it on and if you cannot help us, then at least}}

{{Wish us good luck. Your own lives may depend on it.}}

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.footnotes-footer { 

display:none;

}

<< [SCP-7022](SCP-7022) | SCP-7023 | [SCP-7024](SCP-7024) >>

=====

> **Filename:** SCP__DoMDlogo.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7023)

=====
