by [stormbreath](stormbreath)

a.collapsible-block-link {

    font-weight: bold;

    display: block;

    text-align: center;

}

**Item #:** SCP-7477

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** All known vectors for SCP-7477 have been destroyed. The necessity of terminating the last known carrier of SCP-7477 is currently being debated.

**Description:** SCP-7477 is a viral cognitohazard incubating in organisms attempting to determine a solution to a complicated problem or project (as defined by the affected individual). SCP-7477 is capable of infecting organisms who are not working on such a problem, in which case it will latch onto an applicable problem when the organism begins working on it. SCP-7477 has displayed extreme versatility in hosts, able to affect both human and non-human organisms.

Based upon what information can be gathered and testimony from the sole surviving carrier of SCP-7477, when a viable solution to the associated problem is reached by an infected carrier, SCP-7477 detonates. At this time, the head of the affected organism will spontaneously explode. The force of the explosion exponentially scales with the size of the affected organism's head; a human head explodes with force roughly equal to a grenade, whereas an affected blue whale's head exploded with force equivalent to 10 kT of TNT.

Individuals who observe the process of SCP-7477 detonating, interact with the physical remains of a carrier (especially the head) or otherwise interact in a first-hand capacity with the SCP-7477 explosion or its effects become infected with SCP-7477. If information regarding SCP-7477 is significantly distorted, the cognitohazardous properties fade. For example, the ashes of victim's heads do not carry the effect.

<details>
<summary>LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE REQUIRED</summary>

The final carrier of SCP-7477 is the Gnostic Monad. It was infected as a result of its omniscience upon the initial manifestation of SCP-7477, which it has identified as a malicious plot of the Demiurge and a corruption of the emanations. It has relayed to the Foundation the details surrounding its infection and as a result has been designated as SCP-7477-∞.

While SCP-7477-∞ is theoretically capable of neutralizing SCP-7477 through its omnipotence, its affected project is the best way to neutralize SCP-7477. Therefore, SCP-7477-∞ is incapable of determining a method of neutralizing SCP-7477.

SCP-7477-∞ has recognized that it is both temporally transcendent and omnipotent. SCP-7477-∞ has also recognized that ~~ being noncorporeal and unassociated with the physical universe ~~ SCP-7477-∞ does not have a head which could explode. Despite these factors, SCP-7477-∞ claims that it remains unwilling to neutralize the anomaly.

SCP-7477-∞ apologizes for the inconvenience.

</details>

<< [SCP-7476](SCP-7476) | SCP-7477 | [SCP-7478](SCP-7478) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
