**Item #:** SCP-7954

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Two Foundation agents have been stationed at the location where SCP-7954 occurs, and a fence has been constructed around the area. Every night, from 12 AM to 1 AM, the agents are to patrol the outskirts of the area. Trespassers are to be apprehended and, if necessary, given amnestics.

**Description:** SCP-7954 is an anomalous phenomenon that occurs routinely in an undeveloped area near Mifflintown, Pennsylvania. Every night, two spectral entities (henceforth SCP-7954-A and -B) spontaneously manifest in the area at 12:04 AM. The entities wander around the area,While the entities' actions are largely predictable, slight deviations in the path that they take through the area have been observed. As of the time of writing, the entities have never attempted to pass through the fence. lie down next to each other, converse, and spontaneously demanifest at 12:58 AM. The entities always lie down in the same location, and their conversation is always identical. They have never acknowledged the presence of Foundation personnel or the existence of the fence.

SCP-7954-A and -B both appear to be white human males in their late teens. After an examination of Pennsylvania public records, it was found that SCP-7954-A strongly resembles a man named Sam Bowman, while SCP-7954-B strongly resembles a man named Robert Buck. Both men are former residents of Philadelphia, and both men graduated from the same high school in 1995.

**Addendum:** Video Transcript

The following is a transcript of a recording of the conversation between SCP-7954-A and -B.

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A and SCP-7954-B are lying side-by-side in the grass. Both are looking at the sky.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** So.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A turns to face -B.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Hm?

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Did you check out that album I told you about?

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Weezer?

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A nods.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Not yet. Couldn't find it for cheap.

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Ah. That sucks.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Yeah.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A turns back to the sky. Both are silent for one minute.)*

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A turns towards -B.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** God, can you believe Ryan?Possibly Ryan Scheiber, another former resident of the local area. An investigation concluded that Mr. Scheiber had no connection to SCP-7954.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** He's such a dick.

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** He really is! I mean, seriously, who says that to someone? Unbelievable.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Mhm.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A continues to stare at -B for five seconds, before turning the other way.)*

> 

> *(Both are silent for half a minute.)*

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A rolls on its side to face -B, who does not react.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** How's Emily?Possibly Emily Barko, another former resident of the local area. An investigation concluded that Ms. Barko had no connection to SCP-7954.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B tilts its head slightly towards -A.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** What do you mean?

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Like, how is she doing? How are things going with you two?

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B tilts its head back to its original position.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** She's doing good. We're fine.

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** That's good.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Yeah.

> 

>  *(SCP-7954-A rolls back onto its back.)*

> 

> *(Both are silent for one minute. SCP-7954-A occasionally glances at -B, who does not appear to notice.)*

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A abruptly sits up and looks at -B, who glances at -A.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** I'm gonna miss you, man.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B closes its eyes and sighs.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Yeah.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A leans towards -B, whose eyes remain closed.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** You'll call, right?

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B opens its eyes and looks at -A.)*

>  

> **SCP-7954-B:** Of course. Why wouldn't I?

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A shrugs.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** I dunno. I've just got this bad feeling about it.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B lifts an outstretched hand in -A's direction.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** I'm gonna call. I promise.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A sighs.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Okay.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A lies back down.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Hey.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A turns to face -B.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Hm?

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B reaches into a pant pocket and pulls out a Tootsie Roll.)*

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A snorts.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Seriously?

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** You know you wanna take it.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A is silent for a moment.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** ...Yeah.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B hands the Tootsie Roll to -A, who eats it.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Thanks.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Of course.

> 

> *(Both are silent for one minute.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** What are you gonna do? After college, I mean.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B shrugs.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** I haven't thought much about it. I could go to grad school, I guess.

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Where do you think you're gonna end up?

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** I'm not sure. I've thought about settling down around here.

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** That would be nice. I've also thought about that.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** About settling down here?

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Yeah. I like it around here. Not too loud, and there's lots of nice little spots like this.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Mm.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A sits up.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** I could see myself living in one of those little houses down the road. Taking care of some plants, chilling on the porch.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** That sounds nice.

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Imagine us as like, bitter old men living next to each other around here, fighting because one of us blew leaves onto the other guy's lawn.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B snorts.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Amazing.

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Isn't it? God, we would be terrible neighbors. It would be great.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Heh. Yeah.

> 

> *(Both are silent for two minutes.)*

> 

> *(SCP-7954-A turns towards -B.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** I have an idea.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B looks at -A.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** What's that?

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** How about, if we're still friends in ten years or so, we come back here again? By then, it'll be for old time's sake.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** That sounds nice.

> 

> *(Both are silent for ten seconds.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Well, how about it?

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Sure, yeah. Let's do it.

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Alright. Let's shake on it.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B smirks.)*

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Seriously?

> 

> **SCP-7954-A:** Yeah. It's official that way.

> 

> **SCP-7954-B:** Alright, if you insist.

> 

> *(SCP-7954-B sits up. They spontaneously demanifest while shaking hands.)*

> 

> **[END LOG]**

It is unknown if this reflects any events that actually transpired between Mr. Bowman and Mr. Buck.

**Addendum:** Incident Report  

On 05/31/2023, a man was detained by Foundation agents at approximately 12:02 AM after he was found attempting to climb the fence surrounding the area where SCP-7954 occurs. After entering Foundation custody, the man was identified as Sam Bowman. Agents were authorized to conduct an interview with Mr. Bowman, which is transcribed below.

> **Interviewer:** Agent Callahan

> 

> **Interviewee:** Sam Bowman

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** I'd like to apologize for all this. I really didn't mean to cause any trouble.

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** You're not in any trouble, sir. I'm just going to ask you a few questions, and then you'll be free to go, okay?

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** Alright.

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** Please state your name for our records.

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** Sam Bowman. Who are you people, anyway? Are you cops?

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** I'm sorry, but I can't answer that. Why were you trying to scale that fence?

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** I was just looking for an old hiding place. I thought the fence was just some corporate thing.

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** "Corporate thing"?

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** Yeah. You know, company buys up some land, puts up a fence to prevent kids from wandering in. I didn't think it would be a big deal.

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** But you knew that you were trespassing.

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** Well, yeah. Again, I really didn't know it would be a big deal. I'm sorry.

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** You said that you were looking for an "old hiding place." What does that mean?

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** I grew up around here, and I used to go hide out by the lake when I didn't want to be around other people. There wasn't a fence back then. I just wanted to see if I could find it again.

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** I see. You didn't know of anything unusual in that area?

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** No? I'm not sure I get what you mean.

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** You don't know of any reason why there would be a fence there?

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** Nope. I already told you, I thought it was a corporate thing.

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** Alright. One last thing, and you should be good to go. Do you know anything about a man named Robert Buck?

> 

> *(Mr. Bowman is silent for half a minute.)*

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** Mr. Bowman?

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** He was a buddy of mine in high school. Haven't spoken to him in years. Don't know what he's up to these days.

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** I see.

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** Anything else?

> 

> **Agent Callahan:** I think that should do it. Thank you for cooperating.

> 

> **Mr. Bowman:** No problem.

> 

> **[END LOG]**

Following the conclusion of this interview, Mr. Bowman was given amnestics and released. As of the time of writing, Mr. Buck has not been seen in the local area since the establishment of Foundation containment of SCP-7954. Records indicate that neither man has lived in Pennsylvania since 1996.

<< [SCP-7953](SCP-7953) | SCP-7954 | [SCP-7955](SCP-7955) >>

=====

> **Filename:** meetingplace.jpg

> **Name:** Long pine key - Lake at night

> **Author:** Everglades NPS

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Long_pine_key_-_Lake_at_night_NPSPhoto,_R._Cammauf_(9100074641).jpg

> **Derivative of:** N/A

> **Additional Notes:** N/A

=====
