**Special Containment Procedures:** 

Containment of SCP-7988 is not feasible at this time, and if attained, would be potentially cataclysmic for humanity. SCP-7988 has become deeply ingrained and commonly associated with a mundane human concept. ~~Attempts to utilize SCP-7988 to benefit foundation operations are strictly forbidden.~~ Tests on SCP-7988 are no longer permitted. Personnel attempting unauthorized experimentation with SCP-7988 are to be reassigned to a different project and amnestisized. 

**Description:** 

SCP-7988 is the designation given to the manipulation of probability in accordance to individual mood. SCP-7988 acts based on a variety of human emotions and outside factors, primarily hope and expectation. If expected to act in a certain way, SCP-7988 will either not activate or redirect RCERandom Chance Event manipulation to another related facet. Hope has a similar effect, delaying SCP-7988 when present. 

It is noted that SCP-7988 is inevitable, as expectation/hope only results in a delayed result and not complete dissolution of RCE potential. SCP-7988 does not have a physical form and is not understood as of now to be sentient, and should be considered as a force of nature (I.e as gravity brings objects together, SCP-7988 stabilizes individual mood). Redirection of anomalous RCE potential is unpredictable and thusly carries an inherent danger. 

**Addenda:**

@@@@

@@@@

<details>
<summary>+ Initial testing</summary>

****Test A - 7/19/2016****

**Procedure:** One (1) human D-Class subject was informed of his parents recent and painful passing.

**Results:** Brainwave monitoring indicated immense sorrow in subject before release into controlled test environment.  Birthday cake designated for Site Director Jameson was mistakenly delivered to the subjects cell, where he resided for the duration of the test. Coincidentally, Jameson and the subject shared a birth date as well as age and favored ice cream flavor. Subject consumed the cake and reverted to a more emotionally stable state.

**Analysis:** High scale probability and possible reality manipulation suspected, delivering staff member is as of yet unknown. Overall, results are in line with current draft of the SCP-7988 document. Begin testing with positive stimuli. - Senior Researcher Zavala

****Test B - 7/20/2016****

**Procedure:** Junior Researcher Crawford was given a false promotion

**Results:** Subjects mood increased exponentially until attempting to begin his first assignment and realizing that he was not promoted.  Subjects brain waves temporarily dipped before re-stabilizing. 

**Analysis:** Opposite emotional stimuli was applied and subject was stabilized, I would consider this test, albeit underwhelming to be a success. Continue with more positive stimuli.- Senior Researcher Zavala

****Test C - 7/22/2016****

**Procedure:** One (1) Class D personal was released after 1 month of service. Subject was not amnesticized.  

**Results:** Subjects brain activity spiked when informed of his release and stayed consistent during his escort to the subjects place of residence. The provided taxi proceeded to ram into the back of the subjects vehicle causing costly damage. Subjects brain waves dipped for a long duration of time before re-stabilizing after receiving insurance money.

**Analysis:** This is the second recorded instance of SCP-7988 causing spontaneous mechanical failure. The taxi driver was held for a short interview after the incident and claimed that the car "would not stop" when he held on the brakes. SCP-7988 may have an easier time manipulating simpler probability like that of machinery. - Senior Researcher Zavala

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Resource request</summary>

**TO:** 05-6

**FROM:** Senior Researcher Zavala

I have conducted extensive research into SCP-7988 on my own time, and I believe I have an idea on how to utilize it for foundation benefit (see  attached file). This project could potentially save thousands of lives per month and would allow for the allocation of resources to more pressing urges such as the growing GOC threat. However, I must request that Site 86 be placed under my jurisdiction for the duration of the experiment in order to confirm my theories. I understand that this is a great risk to take, but it will almost certainly pay off in the long run.

Sincerely, Cayde Zavala

**TO:** Project lead Zavala

**FROM:** 05-6

Accepted. You understand the resources being used for this project create a strain on other sites. Do not make a waste of them, contact me upon completion of your little experiment, and if you fail let it be known you will face the consequences, Zavala.

**TO:** 05-6

**FROM:** Project Lead Zavala

Understood.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Project Horseshoe</summary>

**Overview:**

Project Horseshoe was the joint effort between Site-86 staff and the probabilistic anomalies division to increase site safety by intentionally making staff members miserable. The operations goal was to test the potential effect of SCP-7988's mood compensating properties in a controlled environment to determine potential wide-scale usage across foundation sites. Project results are documented in the below files.

**PROJECT HORSESHOE OUTLINE:**

**Mood dampening procedure:** Site-86 was first cut off from the interconnected foundation network to prevent the results of any mass failure from spreading, and to prevent unwanted assistance that could potentially disrupt the operation. Site cooks were all relocated to a neighboring installation for the duration of the experiment, along with stored food items. Remaining staff were provided with Canner meat rations in an attempt to worsen mood without causing outright panic. Site staff were informed of a temporary power outage, and the test was formally initiated. 

**Results:** Based on observations made from hidden cameras placed around Site-86, and interviews taken of staff following the tests conclusion, site moral decreased as a whole during the first 2-3 days before stabilizing at a below neutral level. Site morale increased and re-stabilized in the following days due to a previously unseen surplus of staff with cooking competence. Personal were also able to miraculously repair communications using parts gathered from around Site-86. No discern-able increase in site efficiency was noted.

**Analysis:** This is beyond embarrassing, Project horseshoe is a complete failure. The phenomenon is not able to be controlled and utilized for reasons I do not completely understand, although I have some theories. Regardless, I propose further investigation into potential effects of beforehand knowledge and predictions on the outcome of SCP-7988 probability manipulation events. - Project Lead Zavala

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ RAISA meeting log </summary>

> **Attending personal:** 05-6, Senior Researcher Zavala, David Iversen (Site director, Site-86)

> 

> **Foreword:** Debrief on Project Horseshoe

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **05-6:** Zavala, I trust you remember what you promised when we last spoke. I am afraid that we will have to reprimand you for the gross misuse of foundation resources.

> 

> **Zavala:** I know why the project failed! If I could just have a little more time to look into, then- 

> 

> **Iversen:** Your little experiment put a lot of stress on neighboring sites. None of the high command are very eager to give you another chance. 

> 

> **05-6:** We have been discussing an appropriate punishment for your actions. A simple reassignment to another project will be suitable. 

>

> **Zavala:** Alright, that is a fair punishment. I admit I was rash when I went through with the project. Regardless, I have to request just 2 more tests before my reassignment. I really do believe I may be on to something. 

>

> **05-6:** The site director and I will discuss your request. You are dismissed, Zavala.

>

> *Zavala exits the meeting room in a haste*

>

> **05-6:** Iversen, I do find Zavala to be incompetent, but there is something we can use here. Emotional manipulation is something that can be pulled off with ease, however, Zavala still needs to find out the mystery factor at play. 

>

> **Iversen:** So what if he may be on to something? He could destroy the whole site for Christ sake. Even if he is as confident as he claims to be, I don't see why we shouldn't replace him on the project with someone more capable.

>

> **05-6:** Unfortunately, I have looked into it and Zavala is the most competent probability specialist currently available to handle the project. I understand your concerns, and I plan to have his tests closely monitored.

>

> **Iversen:** That is unfortunate. But if you can keep an eye on him, I have little qualms about it. Good night, 05-6.

>

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Senior Researcher Zavala granted permission to run 2 more tests on SCP-7988.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Affects of anomaly comprehension on RCE outcomes</summary>

****Test D - 11/05/2016****

**Procedure:** Subject was instructed to find a "shiny" in the video game *Pokémon Gold®*, which has a notorious random number generation system to reward players following long play sessions.  Based on previous SCP-7988 activations, subject was expected to become demoralized after an extended period of "Shiny hunting" and activate an SCP-7988 RCE event. However, subject was informed of the anomaly before testing began.  

**Results:** Subject was allowed to pursue the given objective for 3 days of 8 hour game sessions, testing was concluded after the subject suffered cardiac arrest. Subject was unable to find the requested in-game item. Multiple fits of rage and despair were recorded from the supplied testing chamber. Recorded brainwaves during the test indicate that SCP-7988 should have activated. Upon waking, subject was greeted by several other D-Class. Brainwave measurements at this time indicate that the subjects mood stabilized when consciousness was regained.

 

**Analysis:** Debriefing with the subject indicated that he had retained hope due to his knowledge of the anomaly, and the belief that it would activate due to the high stress environment. My current theory is that if the test had continued, the subject would have eventually ran out of hope in SCP-7988, causing it to activate. Of course this would mean that knowledge of SCP-7988 itself does not block RCE from occurring, but rather expecting it to occur does. This is all highly theoretical though, and I doubt it would be worth testing considering that the general population has no knowledge of SCP-7988 whatsoever. - Head Researcher Zavala

****Test D2 - 11/09/2016****

**Procedure:** Containment Specialist David was informed of the anomaly following his successive and fast promotions, which caused a positive mood in the subject. Subject was then released and allowed to continue with his job under close observation.

**Results:** Subject became paranoid and reclusive, avoiding human contact when possible. Subject request to be exempt from any site containment meetings. Days later, subject was unable to be located on site. Upon searching the subjects home, he was found to have suffocated in his sleep. 

 

**Analysis:** Incredibly interesting result from this test, it seems that positive mood balancing functions differently under the effects of comprehension. I believe that the subject became reclusive to avoid receiving RCE mood balancing upon being made aware of the anomaly. However, this only led to him losing happiness. As for his death... not much can be said. It is possible that the subject was in such mental disarray that the anomaly decided that a painless death was the only way of- well, putting him out of his suffering. It's clear to me that we are dealing with something we do not completely understand, and it scares me. - Head Researcher Zavala

@@@@

@@@@

**DIRECT MESSAGE ALERT**

I am giving you clearance to attempt utilization of SCP-7988 once more. This will be your last chance, however. Fail and you get removed from the project. Good luck, Zavala.

Sincerely,

05-6

@@@@

@@@@

**PROJECT HORSESHOE REDUX OUTLINE:**

**Overview:**

Project horseshoe originally failed due to lack of understanding on the affects of comprehension. Project Horseshoe Redux was meant to correct the folly of Project Horseshoe by taking into account anomaly comprehension. 

**Starting date:** 12/23/16

**Overseeing Researcher:** Cayde Zavala

**Procedures:** Site 85 had communications isolated and travel prohibited for an extended period of time. All personnel with knowledge of SCP-7988 were relocated prior to operations start. One thaumaturgic staff member was isolated and instructed to report any abnormal fluctuations in brain activity, but was not informed on why he was doing so. Remaining staff were told that an XK-class event was occurring and instructed to "stop" it by preventing all containment breaches. Overseeing personnel self amnestizised after setting up a memetic injection for 90 days into the future. 

**Results:** Following initial panic, thaumaturge reports a continuous low in brain activity. Camera footage indicates that site staff did continue with containment efforts. Remarkably, the monthly breach average for Keter and Euclid class objects was reduced to .7 from 4.3. Project Horseshoe Redux was conducted on 3 other sites to similar affect.

**Analysis:** [DATA EXPUNGED]

</details>

<details>
<summary>ERROR=17 (deletion scheduled) </summary>

**PROGRAM SEMBLANCE INITIATED**

]]what is this program?project horseshoe redux was successful?is project horseshoe redux still activedefine project horseshoe redux parametersare any other staff members aware of project horseshoe redux?calculate current breach reduction ratehow many times have i accessed this terminalopen project horseshoe redux parameters, i will self amnestisize after closing this terminalyclose program

<< [SCP-7987](SCP-7987) | SCP-7988 | [SCP-7989](SCP-7989) >>
