:root {

  --accentColor: #000FFF;

  --link-txt-color: #000FFF;  

  --header-title: "SCP Foundation";

  --header-subtitle: "Secure. Contain. Protect.";

}

**Item #:** SCP-7217

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The building housing SCP-7217 has been obtained and converted into a Foundation front business. Due to the building's large capacity and close vicinity to the public, all personnel are to maintain formal business disguises. Any unauthorized individuals attempting to enter the property are to be apprehended for questioning and given appropriate amnestics. 

All personnel are to familiarize themselves with the four on-site elevators within the facility designated as: 

* Unit North

* Unit East  

* Unit West-A

* Unit West-B

The interior of all units is to be camera-monitored with embedded microphones and must be inspected for maintenance on a biweekly basis. In the event of a power outage, a backup generator has been installed. SCP-7217's location is to be continuously monitored. 

As SCP-7217's anomalous properties have been proven to be non-contagious, and it appears to welcome basic interaction, personnel are permitted to operate an elevator when traversing. No personnel are permitted to operate an elevator during testing unless specifically directed. 

SCP-7217 may request rotational reading and drawing materials to distract it from its containment, and is to undergo at least one hour of psychological counseling weekly. 

**Description:** SCP-7217 is a human female of East Asian descent that, at the time of writing, is contained inside four elevators in the [REDACTED] building in ███████, Florida. SCP-7217 is generally compliant with staff and poses no perceivable threat to others outside of its anomalous properties. 

Whenever SCP-7217 attempts to exit the elevator it currently resides in, it will immediately vanish, and reappear inside one of the remaining three at random. These occurrences are not limited to SCP-7217's exits, as it is also capable of manifesting to other units on its own accord. If physical items, including living organisms, are in direct contact with SCP-7217 during these relocation events, they will also appear alongside it. Human subjects have all reported minor feelings of light-headedness to nausea upon manifestation, but are ultimately unharmed. All attempts by SCP-7217 to manifest in any area outside the elevators have been unsuccessful.

 

SCP-7217 does not appear to age or require any form of sustenance. Expected physical changes, such as hair growth and weight loss, have not been observed. In addition, its hygiene and clothing have remained in pristine condition since its discovery. SCP-7217 has also proven to be perpetually aware of the presence, speech, and actions of any individual(s) inside an elevator on the property. On one occasion, two members of personnel were engaged in an argument inside Unit West-B when SCP-7217 manifested beside them. Immediately upon being aware of SCP-7217, both ceased their argument and apologized.

SCP-7217-1 is the designation for paper airplanes that have sporadically manifested inside the four elevators. SCP-7217-1 instances are crafted from standard white 8.5'' x 11'' blank copy paper. All SCP-7217-1 planes are capable of unfolding themselves to reveal written messages in black ink. Currently, no traces of DNA or possible identifiers of an author have been found. 

**Discovery:** SCP-7217 was discovered after reports of a woman haunting the elevators of a multi-story office building came to the Foundation's attention. Security log footage revealed the earliest sighting of SCP-7217 when it anomalously manifested inside Unit East, unconscious. SCP-7217 was found by custodial staff hours later, before the Foundation was notified. After Foundation agents intervened, all employees were relocated and given amnestics without incident.

#### CONTAINMENT UPDATE

Any instances of SCP-7217-1 that manifest must be immediately retrieved by an automated recovery drone and evaluated for potential harmful anomalous properties. Although SCP-7217 has agreed not to intercept them before retrieval, subject is not permitted access to any of the written content unless to get a better understanding of its origin, identify a possible author, or determine any other possible explanations for its anomalous nature. SCP-7217-1 instances are to be transcribed and logged before being incinerated. 

On 31/03/19, two years after the original containment of SCP-7217, video surveillance captured the first recorded instance of SCP-7217-1 when it was flying briefly inside Unit North before landing while SCP-7217 was sleeping. After the plane was obtained and analyzed, SCP-7217 was allowed access to its content for an interview. 

*****SCP-7217-1.1 - Date Obtained: 31/03/19 - Unit North*****

> Ms. Hojo, Look at you. The scenery. When we first fell for each other. You were shy. New at the office. Shiny. Adorned in that white dress shirt with my favorite blue bow nestled in your hair. I'm sorry I've been so late, my love. Work gets busy, as you know. I promise you won't have to wait this long again. This isn't meant to hurt you. Here, all your perfections are preserved. Isn't that wonderful? 

<details>
<summary>► AUDIO-LOG//7217.1</summary>

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 31/03/19 

**INTERVIEWED:** SCP-7217

**INTERVIEWER:** Senior Researcher Hardy

**UNIT:** North

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

 

**HARDY:** Good afternoon, SCP-7217. How are you?

**SCP-7217:** Okay, I guess. Same floor. Buttons. Elevators. Do you guys think you could maybe change the lights in these things? They're starting to get pretty dim. 

**HARDY:** We'll get that sorted out. Let's discuss the plane. Initial thoughts?

**SCP-7217:** Yuck. 

 

**HARDY:** In our previous discussions, you weren't able to recall the events that led you into your current situation. Has this sparked anything? 

**SCP-7217:** A little. It's a bit fuzzy, though. 

**HARDY:**  The most we can go off from it is that the writer knows you from work you've previously had. You were new and looked the same as you are now. 

**SCP-7217:** I guess that's right. This is what I had on my first day. 

**HARDY:** Do you recall what type of work it was? 

  

**SCP-7217:** Interning. Can't exactly remember what for. It was like a studio company of some kind? Sorry, the name isn't really coming to me. Just bits and pieces. Long hours, paperwork, coffee. The usual. 

**HARDY:** How long do you think you were there? 

**SCP-7217:** Maybe around three weeks? 

**HARDY:** From what you can see past the doors, do you think this is the same building?  

**SCP-7217:** From what I can tell, it's pretty similar. Only these elevators are exactly the same as I remember them. 

**HARDY:** Noted. How about your co-workers?

**SCP-7217:** To be honest, I didn't really talk much. Couldn't tell you any names. I don't think I even remember who my boss was. Just people caught up in their work. Pretty much what you'd expect. 

**HARDY:** Surely, as an intern, you would have to have worked with someone. Is there anyone you could have been assigned to? 

**SCP-7217:** Maybe? I, uh ... 

**HARDY:** Perhaps, someone who showed a particular interest in you specifically? Maybe while you two were using an elevator? 

**SCP-7217:** I really only took one when I was leaving. Too crowded in the morning. It would always be late. But now that I think of it ... that doesn't seem right.

**HARDY:** In what way? 

**SCP-7217:** I vividly remember always being alone.  

 **[END LOG]**

---

**Closing Statement:** *Still looking into SCP-7217's past work history. Nothing's come up yet, not even a location. This plane seems to be the first thing that has caused some revival in SCP-7217's memories ... We're going to need more of these things, aren't we?* - Senior Researcher Hardy

</details>
 

**Addendum 7217-1:** As of 25/05/19, two (2) additional SCP-7217-1 planes have been recovered. SCP-7217 was granted access to both instances. 

*****SCP-7217-1.2 - Date Obtained: 16/05/19 - Unit East*****

> It's nice having you always here. No more fetching coffee for corrupt shitheads in suits and wearing baggy eyes. At least someone respects you now.

*****SCP-7217-1.3 - Date Obtained: 25/05/19 - Unit West-A*****

> I've always found your resilience admirable. The fortitude, grace, and will to endure the passion of one that loves you: It's beautiful. Do you remember when we had dinner on the rooftop? Under the stars? I want that again.

<details>
<summary>► AUDIO-LOG//7217.2</summary>

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 27/05/19 

**INTERVIEWED:** SCP-7217

**INTERVIEWER:** Senior Researcher Hardy

**UNIT:** West-B

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

 

*(The sounds of paper rustling can be heard briefly.)*

**HARDY:** Let's start with the first one. I assume it brings back more of your internship. 

**SCP-7217:** Apparently, "no more than two packets per cup". Wish someone would've told me that. Not that it matters, probably just didn't want to spend too much on the sugar budget. 

**HARDY:** I guess that's something. It's more evidence that whoever this writer is, they seem to know a decent bit about you. Worked with you. How about the other one? 

**SCP-7217:** No idea. Don't even know what all of that's supposed to mean. "Again"? 

**HARDY:** You don't recall taking part in such event.

**SCP-7217:** No. 

**HARDY:** Noted.

**SCP-7217:** The idea of having a rooftop dinner sounds really nice, but now it's just ... *(sighs)* Really, having a decent moment with anything sounds nice right about now. A morning walk in the park, at least. These walls are all the same. I never thought I would miss having a window. 

**HARDY:** It is a bit one-note. Hopefully, these discussions have helped you at least a little. The need for interaction is wired into all of us. 

**SCP-7217:** How about you?

**HARDY:** Me? 

**SCP-7217:** What do you do? After talking with me.

**HARDY:** I'm afraid I can't answer that.

**SCP-7217:** I meant for fun. 

**HARDY:** For fun?  

**SCP-7217:** Yeah.  

**HARDY:** ... *(sighs)* Well, if you must know, I'm a pretty big fan of chess. 

**SCP-7217:** Chess? 

**HARDY:** The game.

**SCP-7217:** Huh?

**HARDY:** Oh ... Um, never mind. We'll discuss it later. 

**[END LOG]**

---

**Closing Statement:** *Despite implying seemingly false moments from SCP-7217's past, these planes do appear to possess a degree of truth in their knowledge. As for SCP-7217's memory loss, it doesn't know what chess is. Lovely.* - Senior Researcher Hardy

</details>
 

**Addendum 7217-2:** Two (2) instances of SCP-7217-1 recovered; total count brought to five (5) as of 1/7/19.

*****SCP-7217-1.4 - Date Obtained: 20/06/19 - Unit West-B*****

> Who is that? He shouldn't be there. No one should be, only you. Typical. Flaws even in the current blueprints. I'll work on it. At least I know you'll do the right thing eventually. 

**Notes:** First allusion to the possible origins of SCP-7217's anomalous properties. Further study is ongoing, albeit limited.

*****SCP-7217-1.5 - Date Obtained: 01/07/19 - Unit North*****

> I hope you know that I am here for you. I can give you a world a million times more than that of what your father tried. Except I'm not going anywhere.

**Notes:** Upon reading, SCP-7217 refused to comment for an interview. Subject requested to be left alone for the rest of that dayPast inquiries regarding family have previously been met with repeated disinterest.. Approximately 6 minutes after this request, SCP-7217 was recorded placing its hand on its chest and appearing to breathe at a faster rate than previously recorded.

#### CONTAINMENT UPDATE II

In the event that SCP-7217 demonstrates signs of intense panicked distress, two Foundation personnel, with permission from the Site Director, are to enter its current elevator and calm it to a more stable condition. At least one armed member of personnel must be present outside of the unit during this process. Extension of psychological counseling with SCP-7217 from one hour to three has been approved.

On 14/07/19, SCP-7217 suddenly exhibited signs of previously unseen hyperventilation that resulted in a state of intense emotional distress reminiscent of a severe panic attack. Although subject was managed to be calmed after personnel intervention, these events would continue to occur periodically over the next few months. 

Particular instances have been documented below: 

<details>
<summary>► PANIC-LOGS//7217.A</summary>

> **DATE:**  14/07/19  

> **UNIT:** East

> **NOTES:** Initial instance. SCP-7217 calmed nine minutes after Junior Researchers Taylor and Massie had reached it. Subject's fingers were notably tense and sticking together fully extended. 

> **DATE:**  03/12/19  

> **UNIT:** West-B

> **NOTES:** Noted to have taken approximately 20 minutes for SCP-7217 to calm. Senior Researcher Hardy suggested spending more time with SCP-7217, volunteering to teach it the game of chess that afternoonSCP-7217 continued to show no prior knowledge of the game. When asked about similar games (such as checkers and tic-tac-toe), SCP-7217 was also unfamiliar.. SCP-7217 had reacted positively to the activity.

> **DATE:**  07/01/20 

> **UNIT:** North

> **NOTES:** SCP-7217 was quivering on the floor and reported temporary tightness from the abdomen down. As participating in chess games has appeared to be an effective method of lowering SCP-7217's stress levels, Senior Researcher Hardy was granted permission to participate in future games with SCP-7217 when he is not assigned to other tasks or is on break. Extended counseling hours with SCP-7217 approved.

</details>
 

**Addendum 7217-3:** One (1) instance of SCP-7217-1 recovered; total count brought to six (6) as of 15/03/20.

*****SCP-7217-1.6 - Date Obtained: 15/03/20 - Unit East*****

> Your bow is crooked. Don't worry. I'll fix it. We're always together, after all. It'll be perfect for both of us soon. 

<details>
<summary>► AUDIO-LOG//7217.3</summary>

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 16/03/20 

**INTERVIEWED:** SCP-7217

**INTERVIEWER:** Senior Researcher Hardy

**UNIT:** East

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

**HARDY:** Light side goes first. 

*(The sounds of glass clinks can be heard for a period of 10 seconds.)*

**HARDY:** How has your counseling been?

**SCP-7217:** *(faintly)* Fine. 

**HARDY:** Your fingers don't seem to be so tight anymore.

**SCP-7217:** Yeah.

*(More glass clinks.)*

**HARDY:** Any numbness?

**SCP-7217:** No. 

*(More glass clinks.)*

**HARDY:** Tell me what happened in that last attack. 

*(Silence for 5 seconds.)*

**SCP-7217:** I used to think I was just being claustrophobic, being in these elevators for this long and not being able to do things. But this time, I heard it. Breathing. I couldn't see anybody, but that's definitely what I heard.

*(More glass clinks.)*

**SCP-7217:** Or maybe, I'm just losing my goddamn mind. 

**HARDY:** What was the breathing like? 

**SCP-7217:** Rough but a little whiny? It's hard to explain. I can move this here, right?

**HARDY:** Yes.

*(More glass clinks.)*

**HARDY:** The most recent plane. Did-

**SCP-7217:** Yeah.

**HARDY:** We all have our theories about that last part. Right now. Do you feel anything?  

**SCP-7217:** Not ... now. 

**HARDY:** But you have. 

**SCP-7217:** Sometimes. It comes and goes. I just wish I could ... sense it better. It's just ... a presence. Like when you walk into the house and know someone's there, but you haven't actually seen them. 

*(Silence for 5 seconds until the sounds of glass clinks are heard again.)*

**HARDY:** You're up. 

**SCP-7217:** This can go here or here, right?

**HARDY:** That's correct.

*(More glass clinks.)*

**SCP-7217:** Wait, no. Actually ... 

*(More glass clinks.)*

**SCP-7217:** Huh!? You can do that? 

**HARDY:** Look. Diagonal's open. 

**SCP-7217:** *(groans)* 

*(More glass clinks.)*

**HARDY:** Another one. 

**SCP-7217:** Again?! 

*(More glass clinks.)*

**SCP-7217:** Crap.  

*(More glass clinks.)*

**SCP-7217:** Crap.

*(More glass clinks.)*

**SCP-7217:** *(heavy breathing)* Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. Crap. 

*(The sounds of glass clinks can be heard for a period of 10 seconds.)*

**HARDY:** Checkmate. 

**SCP-7217:** Dammit! 

*(Sounds of SCP-7217 breathing heavily continue until they slowly stop.)*

**HARDY:**  That was better. You just ran through your pawns and rooks too quickly. You could've had my queen if you kept that bishop here. 

**SCP-7217:** I see. So I'm still terrible at this game. 

**HARDY:** Takes time. First, the basics. Rooks can move ...

**SCP-7217:** Forwards, backwards, and sideways. 

**HARDY:** Bishops can move ... 

**SCP-7217:** Diagonally. Knights can move in an "L" shape. The queen is the most powerful piece. 

**HARDY:** And ... ?

**SCP-7217:** What?

**HARDY:** When a king can't make any more moves, that's checkmate. 

**SCP-7217:** ... I knew that. 

**HARDY:** Don't beat yourself up over it. I was the same when I started. It seems we're out of time, anyway. 

**SCP-7217:** Wait, can we play just one more? 

**HARDY:** Well-

**SCP-7217:** Please. 

**HARDY:** ... Okay. One more. 

**[END LOG]**

---

**Closing Statement:** *Post-analysis of all units was inconclusive. Taylor and Massie are double-checking the microphones. Whether these sounds are simply a result of SCP-7217's mental state or can be attributed to whatever is keeping her stuck here remains to be seen. Hopefully, my hunch is wrong. For her sake.* - Senior Researcher Hardy

</details>
 

Further panic events have been documented. See attached files for details. 

<details>
<summary>► PANIC-LOGS//7217.B</summary>

> **DATE:**  27/03/20  

> **UNIT:** North, East, West-A, West-B

> **NOTES:** SCP-7217 was manifesting frantically in all units. At least two members of personnel were called inside each until she stopped relocating and was restrained on the floor of Unit West-B, sobbing. SCP-7217 continued to cry out that "something was following" her and that she "had to get out." SCP-7217 finally calmed two hours later, and after her request to participate in a game of chess was granted.

> **DATE:**  11/04/20  

> **UNIT:** North

> **NOTES:** SCP-7217 was found unconscious. After being evaluated by the site medical team, SCP-7217 continued to display signs of restlessness.

>

</details>
 

<details>
<summary>► AUDIO-LOG//7217.4</summary>

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 13/04/20 

**INTERVIEWED:** SCP-7217

**INTERVIEWER:** Senior Researcher Hardy

**UNIT:** East

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

**HARDY:** Where are you? 

*(Silence.)*

**HARDY:** I know you can hear me. You agreed to an interview.

*(Silence.)* 

**HARDY:** *(sighs)* Alright. Well, I brought something. Take a look at this.  

*(Hardy can be briefly heard shuffling through the pocket on his coat.)*

**HARDY:** Sorry if it's a bit dusty. Hasn't been used for a while ... I guess you could say my brother and I were obsessed. Chess was the only game our parents had bought for us, and it got us through a lot. We'd always try to win ten in a row against each other, though he mostly won. Around that time, most kids would be swimming or partying with friends. Not us. We were nerds. *(chuckles)* 

*(Silence.)*

**HARDY:** It was one of those rainy nights in July. Ended up being a hurricane. We were all okay, but you couldn't say the same for the house. Lots of things had gone with the storm, including our original set. 

*(A gentle clang is heard faintly from below.)*

**HARDY:** We called this one the lone survivor. Retired with no army to serve. I've always kept it in my office. In memory of those summers. Of Tim. He's still winning games upstairs. 

*(Ten seconds of silence pass until the sounds of movement and footsteps are heard across from Hardy's breathing. The footsteps stop.)*

**HARDY:** Here. 

**SCP-7217:** ... It's really nice. You must've been proud to have it. I'm sorry to hear about all of that.

**HARDY:** How are you feeling?

*(Silence.)*

**HARDY:** You've had these things for months. We had to wake you this time.   

**SCP-7217:** I-it seems like every day. I'm hearing and feeling things. Like I'm just fucking losing it. I thought I would be able to start sensing something in here like I do with you guys, but all I see are these stupid walls. I've tried my best to ignore it. You guys saw how that turned out. 

**HARDY:** What made this different? 

**SCP-7217:** It spoke. Couldn't understand a word. Just gibberish. But it felt really off. Like it wasn't a person. 

**HARDY:** Wasn't a person? 

**SCP-7217:** Yeah. Raspy. Cold. I just felt ... empty. What happened to just sending paper planes? 

*(Silence.)*

**SCP-7217:** I think ... I think I've been in these things for too long. The sun, clouds, grass. The outside. I'm starting to forget them. But I'm here. Trapped in whatever this ... is supposed to be. The worst part is that I seem to be the only one picking up on all this, you know?  

*(Silence.)*

**HARDY:** Truthfully, I can't understand what you're feeling. Nor can I promise that we'll be able to get you out of these things. We're trying. Trying to learn everything that's going on. Maybe form a plan. Maybe find a way out. 

*(Silence.)*

**HARDY:** I, the researchers, even the guards, we're all aware of how hard this must be for you. A lot of shit happens in this world. Too much shit, and there's billions of people trying to make it work. Anomalous or not. It sounds corny, but we're grateful that despite what you're going through, you're willing to make this easier. That you're willing to work with us. There's a lot of us that don't have it like we do. We're honestly really lucky to have you here.  

**SCP-7217:** Taking care of a girl who's stuck in some elevators is lucky? Noted. 

**HARDY:** Well, that's not quite how ... I didn't mean-

**SCP-7217:** *(laughs)*

**HARDY:** Seriously! *(chuckles)* It was different when we first found you. The more you're here, the more we can try to figure this out.

*(Silence.)* 

**HARDY:** We'll talk again. Maybe over a game. 

*(A click of a button is heard followed by the sounds of the doors opening.)*

**SCP-7217:** Wait, what about your-

**HARDY:** Keep it. 

*(Footsteps are heard before the sounds of the doors closing.)*

 **[END LOG]**

---

</details>
 

**Addendum 7217-4:** Three (3) instances of SCP-7217-1 recovered; total count brought to nine (9) as of 14/07/20.

*****SCP-7217-1.7 - Date Obtained: 06/07/20 - Unit North*****

> My sanctuary waits for your eventual arrival. We can have each other all to ourselves. 

*****SCP-7217-1.8 - Date Obtained: 14/07/20 - Unit East*****

> I want you to drown me. 

**Notes:** Instance manifested directly in front of SCP-7217 and unfolded itself, allowing its content to be viewed prior to staff intervention. SCP-7217 proceeded to grab and crumple it. No further interaction was recorded and instance was obtained without incident.  

<details>
<summary>► AUDIO-LOG//7217.5</summary>

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 14/07/20 

**INTERVIEWED:** SCP-7217

**INTERVIEWER:** Senior Researcher Hardy

**UNIT:** East

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

**SCP-7217:** You know what bothers me more than anything? That this dude doesn't even have the decency to share his name. Like at least if you're going to hit on me, introduce yourself, asshole. I'm over the mysterious bachelor thing.

**HARDY:** Aren't we all?

*(Sounds of glass clinks.)*

**SCP-7217:** That pawn. How about ...

*(Silence for 8 seconds.)*

**HARDY:** Take your time.

*(Silence for 2 seconds until the sounds of SCP-7217 beginning to breathe rapidly are heard.)*

**SCP-7217:** But what about. No, I can't. Right? This one. But rooks can only move-

**HARDY:** Your hand.

**SCP-7217:** Huh? 

**HARDY:** It's ...

**SCP-7217:** Oh gosh, uh ... 

**HARDY:** You know what to do. Pause for a second. Take a deep breath. 

*(Sounds of SCP-7217 inhaling and exhaling slowly. 10 seconds of silence pass.)*

**HARDY:** Better? 

**SCP-7217:** I t-think so. 

*(Sounds of SCP-7217 inhaling and exhaling slowly.)*

**HARDY:** You've played for a few months now. You know a lot more than you think. 

*(Sounds of slow glass clinks are heard for the next minute.)*

**HARDY:** Good. 

*(Sounds of glass clinks continue.)*

**HARDY:** Ah, I see what you're going for. Nice.

*(Sounds of glass clinks are heard for the next two and a half minutes. The sounds begin slowly, then quicken before stopping.)*

**HARDY:** I think that's game. 

**SCP-7217:** What? 

**HARDY:** Good job. 

**SCP-7217:** But I didn't.

**HARDY:** Didn't have to. That was honestly the best I've seen you play. 

**SCP-7217:** Really?  

**HARDY:** Look at the pieces you have. It's been a while since I've had a good draw. At this rate, you could probably win soon. Maybe against Massie. He's a mess at this game. 

**SCP-7217:** *(scoffs)* Yeah, right. 

**HARDY:** Taylor plays too. Chess night in the elevators?

**SCP-7217:** You were right. You are a nerd. *(laughs)* That doesn't sound too bad, actually. 

**HARDY:** If only. Beat them once, and they never want to play again. I don't think we would ever get clearance for that, anyway.   

*(Both give a brief chuckle before returning to silence.)*

**SCP-7217:** This game is really fun. 

**HARDY:** I'm glad you think so. 

**SCP-7217:** Although I can't help but be reminded of Dad.  

**HARDY:** How so?

**SCP-7217:** He would do this thing whenever I had an exam coming up. He'd ask me questions randomly throughout the day to keep me on my toes. To keep me thinking, I guess. It was annoying at first, but then it became like a little game in itself. Eventually, I ended up answering stuff before he could finish asking it. 

**HARDY:** You must've studied hard. 

**SCP-7217:** I tried. It didn't always work out like that. I kinda miss those textbooks. Being in here and all. This game has made me had to use my brain so much since you taught me. The different pieces. The rules. The strategizing. It's been nice. It's like I'm still honoring Dad in a way, even if he probably would be upset that I still haven't won a single game yet.  

**HARDY:** May I ask?

**SCP-7217:** ... Crash. I was stupid. If I had just shut up during that drive, maybe he would have seen that bus. I don't think I'll ever forgive myself. Maybe this is my punishment. 

**HARDY:** I'm sorry. 

**SCP-7217:** He's the one who gave me this bow. His eyes lit up when I first wore it. 

**HARDY:** And you've had it ever since. 

**SCP-7217:** Speaking of having, are you sure you don't want ... this back? It's been a while.

**HARDY:** It's fine. Really. You've taken good care of it these last couple months. Gives you something to look at. Also adds a little decor around here. 

**SCP-7217:** You're sure.

**HARDY:** Put it this way. It's yours as long as you're stuck in these things. 

**SCP-7217:** *(laughs)* ... You're never going to see it again.

**HARDY** Well. *(chuckles)* Regardless, you're doing fine. This is a shitty situation, but that doesn't mean you're powerless. Don't forget that. 

**SCP-7217:** I won't.

**HARDY:** It looks like we're out of time. Not so much going on outside of that last plane. Good game, though. Maybe next time will be the one. 

**SCP-7217:** Can't wait. You're going down. 

 **[END LOG]** 

---

</details>
 

*****SCP-7217-1.9 - Date Obtained: 16/07/20 - Unit West-A*****

> [REDACTED]SCP-7217 denied access. Instance immediately incinerated.

#### CONTAINMENT UPDATE III

Investigation into the current whereabouts of SCP-7217 is ongoing. As of 19/07/20, containment consists of tracking and monitoring for reports of an individual matching SCP-7217's physical description and elevator-related anomalous activity. Under no circumstances are any personnel permitted to operate an elevator on site. At least two armed personnel are to be stationed outside of every unit entrance on all floors. Any detected activity from inside or around the area is to be reported immediately to the Site Director. 

<details>
<summary>► Addendum 7217-5: Incident Report - 19/07/20</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 19/07/20

**NOTES:** The following is a transcript of events captured by all on-site unit cameras. SCP-7217 was originally residing in Unit North. 

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*(SCP-7217 is seated against the wall. She suddenly looks up.)*

**SCP-7217:** What the- ... Whoa! 

*(SCP-7217 stands, placing her right hand on her chest. Her breathing quickens.)*

**SCP-7217:** *(panting)* ... No ... no ... no no no no no ... Stop! 

*(SCP-7217 paces the outer wall.)*

**SCP-7217:** T-take a deep breath. Pause for a second.

*(SCP-7217 slowly inhales and exhales.)*

**SCP-7217:** *(barely audible)* You got this.  

*(SCP-7217 suddenly looks to her left at the closed doors.)*

**SCP-7217:** Wait, who the hell-

*(SCP-7217 suddenly jerks to the side.)*

**SCP-7217:** FUCK!

*(SCP-7217 relocates to multiple elevators before returning to Unit North and collapsing. Her body quivers. Panic event is reported by surveillance personnel. Permission to intercept is granted.)*

**SCP-7217:** *(screams)*

*(Approximately 20 seconds pass until Unit North's doors open. Junior Researchers Taylor and Massie enter. One armed personnel stands outside the doorway. Taylor crouches down in front of SCP-7217.)* 

**TAYLOR:** It's okay, we're here-

*(Taylor attempts to grab SCP-7217's left shoulder when he suddenly retracts his hand.)*

**TAYLOR:** Son of a ... !

**MASSIE:** What happened?

**TAYLOR:** Something's-

*(Taylor abruptly vanishes from view and reappears inside Unit West-A. He falls backward against the far wall. Massie steps away from SCP-7217 as Unit North's doors close. Banging can be heard from outside.)*

**MASSIE:** Taylor!? 

**SCP-7217:** G-get out. 

**MASSIE:** Huh? 

**SCP-7217:** Hurry! 

*(Massie reaches for the button before vanishing and reappearing inside Unit West-B. He drunkenly grasps the elevator handles.)*

**MASSIE:** Whoa ... *(coughs)* 

*(Both researchers begin to cough violently. Immediately, a seemingly never-ending amount of SCP-7217-1 instances eject from both researchers' mouths. Site alarm system is triggered. The banging outside Unit North ceases. SCP-7217 rolls facedown on the floor, trembling.)*

**SCP-7217:** Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! 

*(SCP-7217-1 instances fill the interior of Units West-A and West-B, engulfing Taylor and Massie under them. Both Units' doors open to reveal a team of six armed Foundation personnel stationed outside. Several dozen SCP-7217-1 instances forcibly fly towards them as they open fire.)* 

**SCP-7217:** FUCK! 

*(Unit North's doors open. Senior Researcher Hardy enters and runs to SCP-7217.)*

**HARDY:** 7217! Are you okay? What the hell's going on!? 

*(Unit North's doors suddenly close.)*

**HARDY:** Shit! 

*(Hardy vanishes and reappears inside Unit East, slamming into the back wall. The doors to Units West-A and West-B close in unisonAll attempts to open the doors from this point resulted in failure across all Units.. All recorded SCP-7217-1 instances relocate to Unit East, swarming Hardy. Taylor and Massie can be seen lying motionless on the floor of their respective elevators. Hardy screams before multiple SCP-7217-1 instances forcibly enter his mouth.)*

**SCP-7217:** *(panting)* J-just calm down. Just calm down! JUST CALM DOWN!

*(The interior of Unit East begins to become more and more obscured by SCP-7217-1 planes. For 53 seconds, only the sounds of Hardy's screams and outside gunfire fill the air.)*

**SCP-7217:** T-take your time. 

*(SCP-7217 slowly pushes herself up on all fours.)*

**SCP-7217:** Pause for a second. 

*(SCP-7217 slowly inhales and exhales.)*

**SCP-7217:** You're not ... 

*(SCP-7217 sits up.)*

**SCP-7217:** Ok ... ok ... ok ...

*(SCP-7217 slowly inhales and exhales.)*

**SCP-7217:** ... R-rooks can move forwards, backwards, and sideways ... Bishops can move ... diagonally ... Knights m-move in an "L" shape. 

*(SCP-7217 reaches up and grabs the elevator handles.)*

**SCP-7217:** The queen is the most powerful piece. *(slowly inhales)* 

*(Inside Unit East, SCP-7217-1 instances surround and pin Hardy to the back wall.)*

**SCP-7217:** *(slowly exhales)* When a king can't make any more moves, that's checkmate.

*(SCP-7217 stands. She looks down at her right hand. It's still.)*

**SCP-7217:** ... Holy fuck. 

*(SCP-7217 looks up and manifests to Unit West-B. She crouches down next to Massie's body.)*

**SCP-7217:** *(barely audible)* I ... 

*(SCP-7217 manifests to Unit West-A and stands across Taylor's body. She removes her bow and stares at it. Her eyes close. After a few seconds, she relocates to Unit East. SCP-7217 stands in front of Hardy, facing the space in front of the doors. A sea of mobile SCP-7217-1 instances engulfing her from the thighs down.)*

**SCP-7217:** STOP! 

*(Recorded SCP-7217-1 instances cease their attack on Hardy, beginning to fly at a reduced rate around SCP-7217.)*

**SCP-7217:** Leave him! 

*(Numerous SCP-7217-1 instances surrounding Hardy begin to fly away, joining the other planes in flight around SCP-7217, fully obscuring the camera's view of her. Hardy slumps down against the wall.)* 

**SCP-7217:** Listen. Whoever you are. Your place. Wherever. I'll go. 

*(Hardy slides onto his side behind her.)*

**SCP-7217:** Just you and me. On the rooftop. Dinner under the stars. That's what you wanted, right? 

**HARDY:** *(coughs, hoarse)* 7217 ...

**SCP-7217:** So be it. 

**HARDY:** Wait! 

**SCP-7217:** I'm yours. 

*(All recorded SCP-7217-1 instances cease flight. SCP-7217 is gone.)*

**[END LOG]**

---

**Closing Statement:** All elevator doors simultaneously opened immediately following SCP-7217's de-manifestation. Fourteen members of personnel, including Senior Researcher Hardy, were found injured from full-body lacerations. Junior Researchers Taylor and Massie were recovered terminated, with autopsies revealing the cause of death to be asphyxiation attributed to several SCP-7217-1 planes lodged inside their lungs. No further anomalous activity was observed. Containment procedures updated. 

Six hundred twenty-three (623) instances of SCP-7217-1 were recovered from the event, bringing the total count to six hundred thirty-two (632) as of 19/07/20. Recovered SCP-7217-1 messages have been documented below: 

> LEAVE

> GET AWAY FROM HER

> HARDY

> WHERE  

> WHERE IS HARDY

> SHE'S MINE 

> FUCKER

> *(indiscernible scribbles)*

</details>
 

<details>
<summary>► Addendum 7217-6: Memo - 19/07/20</summary>

= **MEMO**

---

**DATE:** 19/07/20 

**TO:** Waylon Hardy

**FROM:** Ashleigh Newlands

---

Containment procedures for SCP-7217 have been updated. Please read them as soon as possible.

It's been 12 hours: still nothing from Unit East or the others. Since then, we have successfully destroyed the last of those damn airplanes. Yes, the clean-up was rough, but Lord knows we've suffered through far worst. 

I know you're worried. While mandate urges staff to refrain from forming an attachment to anomalies, even I can't deny the impact of her actions this morning. 

We are still uncertain of the nature behind SCP-7217's abilities and what exactly had kept her captive the last three years. You'll be glad to know that we've been granted permission to monitor for SCP-7217's reappearance and potentially uncover whatever the hell took her. Your guess is as good as mine on what we'll find. If she turns up. 

The O5 has been extremely gracious throughout this process, but with these new privileges have provided an ultimatum: 

Should 90 days pass from current protocol without a sighting of SCP-7217 or related phenomenon, all tracking efforts will conclude permanently, and SCP-7217 will officially be reclassified to Neutralized. 

I wish you the best in your recovery.

- Site Director Newlands

</details>
 

<details>
<summary>► Addendum 7217-7: Update - 20/07/20</summary>

**Addendum 7217-7:** One (1) instance of SCP-7217-1 recovered; total count brought to six hundred thirty-three (633) as of 20/07/20. 

*****SCP-7217-1.633 - Date Obtained: 20/07/20 - Unit East*****

> From the bottom of my heart, thank you for everything. 

>  

> - Monica. 

**Notes:** A standard black bishop chess piece was found attached to the right wing.

</details>
 

<< [SCP-7216](SCP-7216) | SCP-7217 | [SCP-7218](SCP-7218) >>

=====

> **Filename:** 7217-1.1

> **Name:** The First Plane.

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7217)

=====
