=====

=====

Item #: SCP-7370

##1EB5E8|Object Class:## Keter

##1EB5E8|Special Containment Procedures:## A wrestling ring has been installed in Site-19. Once every two weeks, an assigned number of male D-Class personnel, with an exact number to be determined on an individual basis by Level-3 Researcher Michael Jensen, member of the Department of Sports and Athletics, is to enter the ring wearing professional wrestling attire consistent with styles of popular American, Mexican or Japanese promotions. When SCP-7370 manifests, the D-class assigned to this procedure are to attempt to combat SCP-7370. D-Class should preferably have backgrounds in combat sports and display above-average athleticism.

SCP-7370 has been given a custom wrestling belt with a tracking device inserted into it. See Addendum 7370.3  In the event that SCP-7370 breaches containment, local Mobile Task Force operatives are to be dispatched to the belt's location to subdue and re-contain the entity with a carfentanyl-based tranquilizer.

Foundation facial recognition software has been planted into the broadcasting networks of all major sports leagues. In the event that the software recognizes SCP-7370, the broadcast is to be immediately terminated and all physical attendees of the sporting event amnesticized.

---

##1EB5E8|Description:##  SCP-7370 appears as a heavily muscled blue-skinned human male. It stands at 2.34 m and weighs 178 kg. It sports attire in the styles of professional wrestling and will regularly wear purple shutter glasses and short trunks. It carries a black and blue title belt with the phrase "The Champ" engraved across its front.

SCP-7370 will refer to itself as "Mr. Blue." It possesses a highly exaggerated personality similar to those of professional wrestlers in scripted "promo" Short for "promotional interview." In professional wrestling, this refers to dialogue used to advance a storyline or feud  segments. It has a strong desire to fight other humanoid males, particularly those regarded as champions in their respective sports. It will primarily attack titleholding professional wrestlers at televised events; however, it has been known to target members of independent wrestling circuits or other sports leagues when it runs out of targets in the most widely viewed promotions.

SCP-7370 possesses the ability to instantaneously translocate itself. It primarily uses this ability to manifest in and demanifest from professional wrestling promotions. Whether it possesses an additional anomalous property that allows it to know where and when an event is taking place or if it knows where to find its targets through other means is unknown.

SCP-7370 will assault its victims with heavily exaggerated wrestling maneuvers as well as boxing and street fighting techniques. It will often weaponize inanimate objects from its immediate surroundings. When SCP-7370 has sufficiently incapacitated its victims, it will then use its professed "signature move," which it refers to as the "Blue Bomb." This technique resembles a sit-out powerbomb. A professional wrestling maneuver wherein an opponent is lifted to sit on the attacker's shoulders and slammed down back-first as the attacker falls to a seated position 

SCP-7370 possesses physical strength and stamina far greater than those of nonanomalous humans, including trained athletes. However, it refrains from mortally wounding its targets by deliberately lessening its attacks in line with kayfabe Term denoting the portrayal of staged or exaggerated events in professional wrestling as real  tactics common to professional wrestling.

When SCP-7370 incapacitates its victims, it will pin them to the ground for three seconds. Immediately afterwards, it will steal whatever object denotes their status as a champion and demanifest from the scene.

---

##1EB5E8|Addendum 7370.1:## Discovery

SCP-7370 was first observed on November 29, 2010 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Michael Mizanin, known by his stage name, "The Miz," made his first appearance at a Monday Night Raw promotion since becoming the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) champion the previous week.

As Mizanin was in the center of the wrestling ring delivering a promo to the crowd, SCP-7370 manifested at the top of the entrance ramp bearing a microphone. The following transcript was recorded:

> Oh, lemme tell you something, Miz. You're not a champ 'til you've fought the Big Blue. You've been ducking and running from day one, but'cha can't outrun an ass-kicking train with no brakes. And look-ey that! Clickety-clack, here comes Mr. Blue down the track!

SCP-7370 then proceeded to dance down the entrance ramp to the ring while nearby fans began chanting "Mr. Blue!"

As Mizanin leaned over the rope to communicate with security staff, SCP-7370 proceeded to strike him in the back with a steel folding chair. SCP-7370 continued assaulting Mizanin before delivering a Blue Bomb and pinning him for three seconds. SCP-7370 then stole the WWE championship belt and demanifested.

Mizanin suffered a concussion and two broken ribs, but made a full recovery. As the Foundation was unable to amnesticize the crowd in attendance, a cover story was produced that SCP-7370 was a nonanomalous professional wrestler who was released from WWE following the incident. Mizanin and all showrunners present were treated with Class-A amnestics.

Following this incident, the Foundation began installing amnestic payloads into the sprinkler systems of all indoor sports arenas with seating capacities of fifteen thousand and over for future use in the event that large crowds therein are exposed to anomalous activity.

SCP-7370 appeared at three more WWE events between Jaunary, 2011 and October, 2012, assaulting the promotions' various champions each time. These instances invariably led to the hospitalization of SCP-7370's victims and the mass amnesticization of attending audiences.

After SCP-7370 stole the WWE championship, World Heavyweight championship, Intercontinental championship, United States Championship, and NXT championship belts, it began to manifest at alternative wrestling promotions.

On July 17 and August 3, 2013, SCP-7370 assaulted the reigning Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) World Champion and All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW) Triple Crown Heavyweight Champion, respectively. Over the next three months, SCP-7370 went on to assault the reigning champions of four separate independent wrestling promotions.

As SCP-7370 accumulated more wrestling belts, its behavior began to shift to target other sporting promotions. SCP-7370 manifested at the 2014 Golf Masters Tournament on April 13.

<details>
<summary>Incident 7370.4.13.14</summary>

---

= ##1EB5E8|VIDEO LOG##

---

##1EB5E8|DATE:## 04/14/2014

##1EB5E8|LOCATION:## Augusta National Golf Club, Augusta, Georgia

##1EB5E8|NOTE:## All video was taken from an ESPN live stream of the tournament, all recordings of which have since had the following content removed by Foundation cyber agents

---

##1EB5E8|[BEGIN LOG]##

SCP-7370 manifests outside the golf course clubhouse during the tournament's award ceremony at 1929 hours as Bubba Watson has his green jacket put on him. The entity appears donning a severely undersized outfit consistent with vintage golf attire, including a sweater vest and poof ball flat cap, in an apparent attempt at a disguise. It interrupted the ceremony with the following dialogue:

> Now hold yer horses, mister. Bubba Watson, you call yourself a master, but now you gotta master the way of the fist, 'cause Big Blue's a-comin' for that title! And *oh yeah*, it's time to send Bubba cryin' to his mumma!

SCP-7370 then ripped off its golf attire and struck a side chest bodybuilding pose, before running to the awards podium and assaulting Mr. Watson. After striking Mr. Watson several times, SCP-7370 lifted him over its head and threw him through a picnic table below, causing nearby civilians to flee in panic.

The golf club's security personnel attempted to intervene and subdue SCP-7370 with their stun guns, which had no effect on the entity. SCP-7370 loudly proclaimed that "there's enough of Big Blue to go around," before lifting up one of the members of the security team and using him to strike the others in a club-like fashion. As more security personnel converged on its position, the entity began striking them with various objects in the vicinity, including golf clubs, lawn chairs, and at one point stealing the local ESPN reporters' camera to use as a weapon. All personnel present were incapacitated.

As SCP-7370 dispatched the security team, Mr. Watson attempted to flee the scene. SCP-7370 stole a nearby golf cart and proceeded to chase Mr. Watson down, before ramming him. The entity then grabbed him by the legs and proceeded to swing him repeatedly, before throwing him approximately fifteen meters into the flag of the nearest hole.  SCP-7370 then proclaimed, "Now that's what I call a hole in one." It then removed Mr. Watson's Masters green jacket from his person and tied it around its waist with the sleeves before performing a celebratory dance. SCP-7370 then promptly demanifested from the scene.

##1EB5E8|[END LOG]##

In total, there were twelve civilian injuries, including Mr. Watson, ten security personnel and the driver of the golf cart SCP-7370 commandeered whom the entity struck over the head with a golf club off-camera.  All tournament participants, audience members and victims present were applied Class-A amnestics. Mr. Watson received a concussion and two herniated disks, but was able to make a full recovery. The cover story for the incident was that Mr. Watson was struck by a malfunctioning golf cart.

</details>

SCP-7370 manifested at the 2014 White Marlin Open on August 8.

<details>
<summary>Incident 7370.8.8.14</summary>

---

= ##1EB5E8|VIDEO LOG##

---

##1EB5E8|DATE:## 08/08/2014

##1EB5E8|LOCATION:## Harbor Island, Ocean City, Maryland

---

##1EB5E8|[BEGIN LOG]##

At 1630 hours, Angler Sam Lancelotta is declared the winner of the blue marlin division for his catch of a 738.5 lbs (335 kg) fish at 1200 hours that day. As Mr. Lancelotta and the crew of his team boat, the Gratitude, pose for a picture with a giant check for the prize money, SCP-7370, donning a snorkeling mask and flippers, breaks through the deck below them and climbs out from the harbor. It then provides the following dialogue:

> Hold it, hold it, hold it, you call this a champ? Now you might be a big fish in a small pond, but now yer stuck up shit creek without a paddle! And I'm gonna catch and release you from yer mortal coil, *oh yeah!*

SCP-7370 then proceeds to charge through the crowd, however, it ignores the crew of the Gratitude. It instead crosses over and begins punching Lancelotta's blue marlin, which is hung by its tail. At one point, witnesses quote it as saying "I'm goin' Rocky IV on your ass!"

Security personnel, who at first look on in apparent confusion, attempt to intervene, as do several nearby fishermen. SCP-7370 then takes down the marlin and begins using it as a club to bludgeon its combatants.

After successfully incapacitating all other persons on the deck, SCP-7370 throws the marlin back into the harbor, where it swims away and is presumed to have survived. The entity then steals Mr. Lancelotta's prize check for 511,000 USD. Instead of demanifesting, SCP-7370 jumps into the harbor and swims away.

It never attempted to cash the check after this incident.

##1EB5E8|[END LOG]##

</details>

SCP-7370 manifested at the 2014 World Chess Tournament on November 23.

<details>
<summary>Incident 7370.11.23.14</summary>

---

= ##1EB5E8|VIDEO LOG##

---

##1EB5E8|DATE:## 11/23/2014

##1EB5E8|LOCATION:## Olympic Media Center, Sochi, Russia

---

##1EB5E8|[BEGIN LOG]##

At 1630 hours, SCP-7370 manifests inside the Olympic Center carrying a gym bag immediately after champion Magnus Carlsen is handed the first-place trophy. It walks onto the stage and strikes a series of bodybuilding poses, at which point two sparkler pyrotechnics ignite on either side of the platform. When and how the entity installed them is unknown. It interrupted the ceremony with the following dialogue:

> *Ooo,* hello mother Russia! Lemme stop you right there, Magnus. See folks, this brainiac–[points at Mr. Carlsen]–calls himself the champ! Well, I'm gonna lay some knowledge on you, Magnus. You gotta do more than check a room full-a pencilnecks ta be a champ! It takes guts, the sorta guts to take on the *real* champ, mano-e-mano!

At this point, SCP-7370 grabs Mr. Carlsen by the collar of his shirt and drags him to a table in the center of the room. The entity stands over him and raises a folding chair over its head. SCP-7370 then opens the chair and sets it up at the table, before reaching inside its bag and producing a custom chess set, which it then proceeds to set up on the table. It then sits down at the black side of the set, and gestures for Mr. Carlsen to sit down as well.

SCP-7370 and Mr. Carlsen proceed to play a game of chess with tournament rules. The entity opens the game with a Sicilian Defense and does not speak for the duration of the game. Onlookers do not interfere and form a quiet audience. At the forty-three-minute mark, SCP-7370 eliminates Mr. Carlsen's queen and places his king into a checkmate.

The entity then reaches over and calmly shakes Mr. Carlsen's hand to the audience's applause, before breaking the chessboard over his head, rendering him unconscious. After pinning Mr. Carlsen to the ground for three seconds, SCP-7370 seizes the first place trophy and promptly demanifests.

##1EB5E8|[END LOG]##

</details>

---

##1EB5E8|Addendum 7370.2:## Containment

SCP-7370 was first encountered by the Foundation on February 24, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. MTF-Pi-1 ("City Slickers") responded to a civilian police report of a "large blue man" squatting in an abandoned professional wrestling gym.

SCP-7370 was found unconscious on a La-Z-Boy recliner inside the gym. It was sedated without incident via several rounds of a carfentanyl-based tranquilizer. Inspection revealed that SCP-7370 had been using the gym as its primary residence, and had been subsisting on a diet of creatine powder, Mountain Dew and Slim Jims. The interior was heavily decorated in myriad professional wrestling paraphernalia, with several cardboard cutouts of "Macho Man" Randy Savage in a corner of the room which SCP-7370 had apparently converted into a weightlifting area.  All known stolen championship belts, trophies and other paraphernalia were discovered in a single pile in a utility closet, along with numerous other belts and placards as well as a little league baseball trophy and high school regional spelling bee certificate.

SCP-7370 was brought to Site-19 for temporary containment, where it was placed inside of a steel containment cell before regaining consciousness. Researchers Jensen and Ryan stood behind a bulletproof glass pane in an observation room. The following transcript was recorded:

> ##1EB5E8|DATE:## 02/25/2015

> 

> ##1EB5E8|LOCATION:## Site-19

> ~~-~~-

> **Interviewers:** Researchers Michael Jensen and Stanford Ryan

> **Interviewee:** SCP-7370

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> ##1EB5E8|[BEGIN LOG]##

> 

> **7370:** Ugh, killer hangover. Where am I?

> 

> **Jensen:** SCP-7370, you are in the custody of the SCP Foundation. We are an institution that seeks to secure, contain and protect anomalous individuals such as your–

> 

> **7370:** Now hold your horses buster. I may not know how to count, but I'm pretty sure my name ain't 7370. It's numero uno!

> 

> **Ryan:** SCP-7370, if you would please–

> 

> **7370:** Now you, the doctors of destruction, might be the biggest kids in the schoolyard, but if you think you can take the champ in a steel cage match, you got another thing comin'! [SCP-7370 breaks free of its restraints and walks towards the glass]

> 

> **Ryan:** SCP-7370, you misunderstand, if you would just– SCP-7370, stop, stop that. Security!

> 

> ##1EB5E8|[END LOG]##

At this point in the interview, SCP-7370 broke through the panel to the observation room. It proceeded to bodyslam Researcher Ryan through a wooden table in the center of the room, and deliver a "Blue Bomb" to Researcher Jensen on top of him.

SCP-7370 then ran through Site-19, celebrating, before reaching the offices of Researchers Jensen and Ryan, where it proceeded to steal Jensen's PhD certificate from the University of Texas and Ryan's Master's certificate from Connecticut College.

SCP-7370 then demanifested from Site-19 before Site security could tranquilize it.

Both researchers suffered concussions and small fractures, but made full recoveries.

---

##1EB5E8|Addendum 7370.3:## Re-Containment

= ##1EB5E8|AUDIO LOG##

---

##1EB5E8|DATE:## 02/26/2015

##1EB5E8|NOTE:## Personal Log of Level 3 Researcher Michael Jensen

---

**1030:**  Okay, that brute is harder to contain than we first thought. Ow. Since the muscle relaxants and tranquilizers had little effect, there is a strong likelihood that SCP-7370's ability to demanifest is psionic in nature. We'll have to get a bit more creative with our next attempt.

Containment Specialist Johnathan Hooke was consulted by the SCP-7370 research team. After reviewing past incident logs and all available data on the entity, Hooke offered the following analysis:

= ##1EB5E8|AUDIO LOG##

---

##1EB5E8|DATE:## 02/27/2015

##1EB5E8|NOTE:## Personal Log of Containment Specialist Johnathan Hooke

---

**1420:**  A physical means of containment seems risky. We certainly have the firepower to incapacitate SCP-7370, but no way to permanently shut off its ability to demanifest from any cell we lock it in. I'm going to recommend a more psychological approach.  What does this thing want really?  All available evidence points to some good old-fashioned, honest competition.  So when this thing has every available title, it has nowhere to go but down the totem pole in search of a good fight.  Why don't we give it something a bit more exciting?

On 02/30/2015, Specialist Hooke put in a request to manufacture a custom professional wrestling championship belt to be held under surveillance by security personnel. The director of Site-19 further approved Hooke's request to set up a professional wrestling ring in the center of the Site-19 gymnasium.

<details>
<summary>Device 7370.1</summary>

---

---

</details>

Hooke requested the aid of eight D-Class personnel whom he described as being "highly athletic" and having "violent personalities."  The eight D-Class were assigned "ring names" and outfitted with professional wrestling attire. A collection of folding chairs, tables and ladders acquired from the Site utility closet and other storage facilities were strewn across the gymnasium.  The belt was displayed on a podium by the entrance to the room.

On 03/03/2015, SCP-7370 manifested in Site-19. Specialist Hooke greeted the entity with a microphone, standing alongside Researcher Ryan and protected by four security personnel armed with tranquilizers. Researcher Jensen, wearing a striped referee's uniform, was positioned inside the ring.

= ##1EB5E8|AUDIO LOG##

---

##1EB5E8|DATE:## 03/03/2015

##1EB5E8|LOCATION:## Site-19

##1EB5E8|NOTE:## Recontainment Attempt by Specialist Johnathan Hooke and Researchers Michael Jensen and Stanford Ryan

---

##1EB5E8|[BEGIN LOG]##

**7370:** Finally, the champ is back in... wherever the hell I am right now! That's a perdy belt you geeks and dweebs got, now who does Mr. Blue gotta tear apart to get to it? Are those yellow-bellied doctors of destruction ready for a rematch?

 

**Researcher Ryan:** [To Hooke] If this doesn't work, I swear to God I'm transferring to Site-17. None of this shit happens there.

 

**Hooke:** Ladies and gentlemen! It's time for the main event! Now this man calls himself "the champ," but is he champ enough to take home the gold?

 

**7370:** [Agitated] Champ enough? Champ enough!? I'll show you a real champ, let me at 'em!

 

**Hooke:** Tonight we've got nine competitors raring to go, but at the end of the night, only *one* can walk out the undisputed champion of the Foundation Wrestling Federation!

 

**D-4920:** [Muffled, due to wearing a tight-fitting luchador mask] Hold on, we're fighting that thing? You can't make us, no way man!

 

**7370:** Uh... what did he say?

 

**Hooke:** He called you a bitch.

 

**7370:** Oh it's on!

##1EB5E8|[END LOG]##

Over a period of approximately forty-three minutes, SCP-7370 proceeded to physically assault the D-Class personnel, periodically pausing to showboat for the empty bleachers along the gymnasium walls. After having delivered a "Blue Bomb" to each D-Class individually and beating them to the point of unconsciousness, as well as breaking every folding chair and table displayed in the gymnasium, SCP-7370 laid each D-Class in a large pile at the center of the ring and climbed on top of it.

Researcher Jensen counted to three and declared SCP-7370 the winner as Researcher Ryan, still standing near the entrance, rang a gong bell.

> = ##1EB5E8|AUDIO LOG CONTD.##

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> ##1EB5E8|[BEGIN LOG]##

> 

> **7370:** [Parading around the ring] Oh yeah! No one's man enough to take down the champ! Now hand her here, nerds!

> 

> **Hooke:** [Handing the belt to SCP-7370] What a thrilling match folks! Friendships were made, hearts were broken, and spleens were shattered! And we're just getting started, so tune in next time for the champ's first title defense!

> 

> **7370:** Title de-what now?

> 

> **Hooke:** Title defense. You know, when one or more lucky contestants take a shot at the gold?

> 

> **7370:** But... I won.  Isn't that it?

> 

> **Hooke:** Oh come on, you do know what "reigning champ" means, right?  You gotta put some skin in the game, take on some fresh talent, entertain your adoring fans! [Specialist Hooke gestures to the empty bleachers]

> 

> **7370:** Mr. Blue came, he saw, and he conquered! Now I don't think the ragdolls here are up to snuff, and if that's all you've got, then I think the champ's about to go Free Willy and jump this small pond!

> 

> **Hooke:** Mike, how many D-Class personnel are registered at the Foundation?

> 

> **Jensen:** Seven thousand, six hundred and forty-three. Give or take.

> 

> **Hooke:** Thank you Mike. That's right 7370, you came, saw and conquered squat. We've got a locker room the size of a Home Depot ready to take you on. Unless... the champ's running scared?

> 

> **7370:** That's Mr. Blue to you! You'll be counting stars the next time you call me that! The champ ain't running nowhere!  In fact, you'll have to drag him out in handcuffs before he beats the pulp out of each and every competitor who wants a piece!

> 

> ##1EB5E8|[END LOG]##

After this incident, SCP-7370 willingly entered containment.  The director of Site-19 granted the entity's request to bring all of its wrestling paraphernalia and stolen accolades from its abode in Los Angeles, California to its containment cell, where they were organized in glass display cases.

Beginning July 4, 2018, Foundation personnel were permitted to view SCP-7370's bouts as a morale booster at Specialist Hooke's request.

<details>
<summary>Incident 7370.8.11.18</summary>

---

On August 11, 2018, the day before SCP-7370's next scheduled containment procedure, a series of flyers were found glued to the outside of SCP-7370's containment cell.  They read as follows:

> = ##1EB5E8|OH YEAH##

> 

> = **ON SUNDAY, AUGUST 12, THE DEVASTATING DOCTORS OF DESTRUCTION RETURN TO SITE-19 TO STEP INTO THE RING WITH THE REIGNING, RULING, UNDISPUTED CHAMPION, BIG BLUE HIMSELF**

> 

> = **COME DOWN TO THE GYMNASIUM TOMORROW NIGHT, 8 PM EST TO WITNESS THE CARNAGE**

Each flyer possessed a photoshopped image depicting SCP-7370 and Drs. Jensen and Ryan, as shown below.

The means by which SCP-7370 procured these flyers or if it escaped its containment cell in order to display them is unknown.

---

> ##1EB5E8|AUDIO LOG##

> ----

> ##1EB5E8|DATE:## 07/05/2018

> 

> ##1EB5E8|NOTE:## Research Log of Researchers Michael Jensen and Stanford Ryan

> ----

> **Jensen:** Ugh. It appears SCP-7370 seeks to enter what some in the professional wrestling world might call a "feud" with us. In other words, he thinks we're his rivals. This... could be problematic.

> 

> **Ryan:**  [To Specialist Johnathan Hooke, in the background] Stop laughing you jackass, this is serious! Last time, he drew Hulk Hogan on my diploma!

Drs. Jensen and Ryan were placed into protective custody off-site until after the containment procedure was completed the following day.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-7369](SCP-7369) | SCP-7370 | [SCP-7371](SCP-7371) >>
