**SCP-7031** 

**Author:** 

**Content warning:** Contains themes of suicide. Reader discretion is advised.

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7031 is contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-17. It is to be fed twice a day.

Testing of SCP-7031 is to be conducted with approval from Head Researcher Joseph Statham. SCP-7031 must be administered a dose of Class-A Amnestics following the conclusion of each test to prevent it from becoming uncooperative.

In the event of a containment breach, security personnel are allowed to use lethal force against SCP-7031 should standard recontainment protocols be unsuccessful.

SCP-7031 must receive psychological counseling sessions once a week by the on-site therapist Carol Hulsey. These sessions are to be conducted on Dr. Hulsey's office.

**Description:** SCP-7031 (formerly identified as Emma Charlton) is a 24-years-old human female of British descent measuring 1.65 Meters in height and weighing 57 Kilograms.

SCP-7031's anomalous property manifests whenever it is fatally injured. Immediately upon neutralization, SCP-7031 will trigger a retrocausal anomaly which nullifies the cause and circumstances leading up to its neutralization.

**Discovery:** SCP-7031 came to the attention of the Foundation on 12/02/2015 after a video showcasing SCP-7031's anomalous property during a robbery on New York, United States was uploaded on the video sharing website *LiveLeak.*

The video in question was successfully taken down by Foundation personnel one week after it was originally posted and Mobile Task Force Pi-1 ("City Slickers") was dispatched to locate and bring SCP-7031 into Foundation custody.

**Addendum 7031.1:** Initial Interview.

<details>
<summary>▶Open Interview Log◀</summary>

> **Date:** 02/03/2015

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Joseph Statham.

> 

> **Interviewee:** PoI-9262.SCP-7031's designation before being given proper SCP classification.

> ----

> [Begin Log.]

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** Good day Ms. Charlton. I presume you have been informed of the reason why you're here.

> 

> *PoI-9262 makes a light nod.*

> 

> **PoI-9262:** Y-Yes, well, sorta. Everything the other guys told me about this... 'Foundation' is that it's like the Men in Black and does things with supernatural stuff.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** More or less, but that's besides the point. [Pause.] So, what can you tell me about your anomalous ability Ms. Charlton?

> 

> **PoI-9262:** My... Oh, the uh, the thing. Uh... Not a lot? it just sort of happens, you know. Every time I... Well, die, my vision sort of goes black for a few seconds, and then i'm just back like i just woke up from a nightmare.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** Every time you die?

> 

> **PoI-9262:** Yes, uhm... [Pause.] I fell from the stairs on my house when I was like... Five or so? I don't remember. I had a car accident when I was Fourteen, and some... Jackass shot me in the head last month.

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **PoI-9262:** I... think that's what happened, at least. It was so fast that I didn't realize it at first.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** I see. Could you perhaps elaborate on what you experience whenever it happens?

> 

> *PoI-9262 remains silent for a moment and began to fidget with its hands.*

> 

> **PoI-9262:** It feels almost like falling from a really, just a *really* tall place and then being forcefully shoved into a locker. [Pause.] It's not comfortable, at all.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** Hmmm. Does this also occur when you're injured?

> 

> **PoI-9262:** I wish, but... No, only when I die apparently.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** Does your family, friends or anyone else know about this?

> 

> **PoI-9262:** No, no. I don't think so at least.

> 

> *There's silence for a few seconds.*

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** Well then, that would be all for today Ms. Charlton, it was a pleasure to-

> 

> *Dr. Statham is interrupted by PoI-9262.*

> 

> **PoI-9262:** Hey, wait a minute! You guys, uh... [Pause.] Fuck. Can I... Can you guys send me home? This place is making me feel sick.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** I'm... Afraid that's not possible, Ms. Charlton.

> 

> **PoI-9262:** W-What? Why not?

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** One of the Foundation's primary missions is the containment of anomalies, of beings like you. We can't just integrate you back into society.

> 

> **PoI-9262:** Huh? T-That's-... You fuckers kidnapped me! I-I was just in my house a-and then y-you all break in a-and-

> 

> *PoI-9262 begins to hyperventilate and show signs of a panic attack. Dr. Statham stands up from the interrogation table.*

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** Thank you for your time, Ms. Charlton.

> 

> [End Log.]

</details>

**Addendum 7031.2:** Psychological Counseling Sessions.

Following the previous interview and its refusal to cooperate with Foundation personnel, it was determined that SCP-7031 required psychological screening and evaluation. As such, several sessions were scheduled with the on-site therapist Carol Hulsey to determine SCP-7031's mental state.

Below are transcripts and excerpts of the most relevant sessions.

<details>
<summary>▶Therapy-Session-7031-1.◀</summary>

> **Date:** 14/03/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031

> ----

> [Begin Log.]

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Good morning Ms. Charlton, it's a pleasure to-

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Jesus Christ, finally.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Excuse me?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Somebody finally calls me by my actual name and not '7031' like I'm some sort of science experiment.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Right. I understand that it can be frustrating Ms. Charlton but I assure you that my colleagues are just following protocol and not doing it out of malice.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** I don't care, my name is not a fucking number.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Well, you won't have to worry about me calling you by a number then.

> 

> *Dr. Hulsey chuckles. SCP-7031 is silent.*

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** So, why don't you tell me something about yourself?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Like?

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** You know, likes, dislikes, hobbies, anything you'd like to.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** ...Why?

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** To get to know you better.

> 

> *SCP-7031 is silent for a few seconds.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Alright, what the hell is this? First I get kidnapped, then you asshats throw me away in a room with the bare fucking minimum and now you want to 'get to know me'? Like we're fucking friends or something?

> 

> *Dr. Hulsey sighs.*

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Yes, i understand that your situation is-

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Oh fuck off, you're not the one being treated like a freak here. You don't know shit.

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** You're right, I don't. 

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Is there anything else you'd like to let out...?

> 

> *SCP-7031 remains silent.*

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Another time it is then.

> 

> [End Log.]

> ----

> **Notes:** *As I predicted, SCP-7031 demonstrates the same pattern of behavior as most humanoids do during their initial time in containment. I recommend making some modifications to SCP-7031's chamber to make it look less like a prison cell and make its stay more comfortable.*

> – Dr. Carol Hulsey.

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶Therapy-Session-7031-2.◀</summary>

> **Date:** 21/03/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031

> ----

> [Begin Log.]

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Hey Ms. Charlton, how are you doing today?

> 

> *SCP-7031 is silent and crossed its arms.*

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Is everything alright?

> 

> *SCP-7031 remains silent.*

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Ms. Charlton?

> 

> *SCP-7031 sighs.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Thanks.

> 

> *Silence.*

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** I'm sorry but I... don't understand what you're thanking me for.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** The nightstand, the books, the bed that doesn't feel like a damn rock, that stuff.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Ah, that. [Pause.] But, why do you think I had anything to do with that?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** I'm not an idiot. That happened right after our previous whatever this is.

> 

> **Dr. Charlton:** Alright, I can't really argue with that.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** This doesn't mean that I suddenly love this place. I still fucking hate it.

> 

> **Dr. Charlton:** And that is perfectly fine! You don't *have* to like us! I just hope you can understand why it's necessary to do what we do.

> 

> *SCP-7031 huffs*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Necessary? Yeah, right.

> 

> [SCP-7031 refuses to talk or answer Dr. Hulsey's questions for the remainder of the session.]

> ----

> **Notes:** *Better, but she still needs some time to process and accept her current situation. For now, the best course of action would be to do nothing and wait to see if the situation improves or not.*

> – Dr. Carol Hulsey.

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶Therapy-Session-7031-4-Excerpt.◀</summary>

> **Date:** 04/04/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031

> 

> **Foreword:** This fragment is an excerpt belonging to a longer session. Please contact Dr. Carol Hulsey or Dr. Joseph Statham to see the full transcript.

> ----

> **SCP-7031:** You know what the worst part is? 

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** What?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** I get it, I really do get it. Like, I'm not normal, I know I don't fit in with other people. I *should* feel... I don't know, relieved that I'm here? That no one will see me stand back up after having my skull caved in or something and view me as a monster, or Jesus' reincarnation, or whatever?

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** But I don't, I don't like this, I want to go back to my normal life. 

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** But I also know that one fuck up will result in me being singled out by everyone.

> 

> *SCP-7031 puts a hand on its forehead and sighs*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** I just... I don't know what to feel.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** And that frustrates you, right?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** [Nods.] Like you wouldn't believe.

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶Therapy-Session-7031-7.◀</summary>

> **Date:** 25/04/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031

> ----

> [Begin Log.]

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Good day Ms. Charlton.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** G'day

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** How are you feeling today? I've heard that yesterday was your first test.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Eh, what can I say? It was just a physical, nothing particularly interesting. Although...

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Although?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** I feel like I'm forgetting something, but I don't know exactly what. It's weird.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Hmm. Forgetfulness could be a sign of stress, anxiety or depression, so it's probably related to that.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** If you say so.

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** So, there's something I have been curious about ever since I was appointed as your personal therapist.  I understand that it's a sensitive topic, but, how did you manage to get through your previous experiences with death?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** [Sighs.] What a question, doc.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** You don't have to answer right now if you don't want to.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** No, no, It's fine. Should've guessed this conversation was going to happen eventually, so might as well have it now.

> 

> *Silence.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Now, I don't remember a lot because, you know, I was a little kid back then, but basically...

> 

> *SCP-7031 pauses.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** I used to live in a two story house at the time, and my bedroom was in the second floor. That specific day my parents were outside buying stuff while I was sleeping... and you can probably imagine how this is going to end. [Pause.] So I woke up, don't remember exactly why– maybe i was thirsty, or whatever, and decided to go downstairs. And when I was doing that... I tripped, and fell down, and hit my head a couple of times on the way down.

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** And that's it, that's the story of how I died for the first time.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** You're... Surprisingly calm about this.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Yeah, well. It really wasn't that big of a deal.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** [Tilts her head.] How so?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** I mean, I was confused alright, really confused, but not exactly traumatized or anything like that. My mind just didn't really register what happened at the time, I guess.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Hmm, I suppose that makes sense.

> ----

> *The following 20 minutes of the recording have been cut due to a lack of relevancy.*

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶Therapy-Session-7031-8-Excerpt.◀</summary>

> **Date:** 02/05/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031 

> 

> **Foreword:** This fragment is an excerpt belonging to a longer session. Please contact Dr. Carol Hulsey or Dr. Joseph Statham to see the full transcript.

> ----

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Are you sure you're comfortable talking about this? 

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Fuck no, but I did say i'd do it, didn't I? And besides, I'd finally be able to open up about this without people thinking that i've gone crazy, so that's nice.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Okay then. Just take your time, alright?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Sure thing.

> 

> *SCP-7031 then sighs.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Here goes nothing. To begin with, this happened in 2005, I was about 14 at the time, and I had a friend named Alice.

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** She and I were... Best friends pretty much. We did everything and shared everything ever since we met, we... 

> 

> *SCP-7031 is silent and scratches its head.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Yeah, I mean– Anyways. One night  we were at the birthday party of another friend that ended at around nine pm and her mother came to pick us up. 

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Now, I don't know if she relaxed or- or whatever given that the streets were so damn empty, but... another car crashed with ours, and you know, it's- it's uhm...

> 

> *SCP-7031 let's out an exasperated sigh and looks down.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Goddammit.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** Are you-

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Yes, yes, I'm fine. I just need a moment.

> 

> *Dr. Hulsey nods. There's a silence for 11 seconds.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** It all happened so fast. Sone lights appeared for less than a second, and then the next thing I see is... You know. [Pause.] All three of us died instantly, but I didn't remain that way.

> 

> *SCP-7031 then looks back at Dr. Hulsey.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Wish I had.

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶Therapy-Session-7031-9-Excerpt.◀</summary>

> **Date:** 09/05/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031 

> 

> **Foreword:** This fragment is an excerpt belonging to a longer session. Please contact Dr. Carol Hulsey or Dr. Joseph Statham to see the full transcript.

> ----

> **SCP-7031:** You know doc? I lied.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** About what?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** About how many times I died. Truth is, I killed myself once.

> 

> *Silence.*

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** You... Committed suicide?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Yes, that's what I said 

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** That is a rather heavy subject to just drop like that.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** It is? [Shrugs.] I guess I've become desensitized to talking about these topics then.

> 

> **Dr. Hulsey:** ... Alright, please go on.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Right. So, after the... Accident I became an emotional wreck for a while. I got therapy and medication and whatnot, but it was still hard you know? Specially since no one believed me when I told the part where I died.

> 

> *SCP-7031 sighs.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Can't say that I blame them. I wouldn't believe me either if I were in their shoes, but you know. One day, I was feeling particularly shit and some intrusive thoughts began to make their way in my head.

> 

> *Pause.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Thoughts like "Why did I not stay dead?" And that stuff. I convinced myself that I would die for good if I ended it myself, so I made a noose with a scarf and... Well, that didn't work.

> 

> *Silence.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** You know? Standing there like nothing had happened was... the most painful and liberating experience in my entire life. I couldn't die, but I also didn't have to worry about risks or if there was an afterlife or not.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** It really, *really* was a one of a kind moment.

</details>

**Addendum 7031.3:** Testing.

Permission to perform testing on SCP-7031 in order to determine the nature and limits of its anomalous property was granted on 20/03/2015. Below is a list of the most notable test logs.

<details>
<summary>▶Show Test Logs◀</summary>

> **Test #:** 1

> 

> **Date:** 24/04/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Observer:** Dr. Joseph Statham.

> 

> **Procedure:** D-73541 was given a standard issue handgun loaded with a single bullet and ordered to shoot at SCP-7031 in the back of its head. SCP-7031 wore a blindfold during the duration of the test.

> 

> **Result:** Upon inspection of the handgun, it was discovered that the round never left the magazine. 

---

> **Test #:** 2

> 

> **Date:** 25/04/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Observer:** Dr. Joseph Statham.

> 

> **Procedure:** D-73541 was given a fully loaded standard issue handgun and ordered to shoot the entire cartridge at SCP-7031 in areas that wouldn't result in instant neutralization. SCP-7031 was strapped to a chair and wore a blindfold during the entire duration of the test.

> 

> **Result:** SCP-7031's anomalous property triggered 1 minute and 12 seconds after being fatally injured. Upon inspection of the handgun, it was revealed that the magazine was full.

---

> **Test #:** 4

> 

> **Date:** 27/04/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Lead Researcher:** Dr. Joseph Statham.

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-7031 was administered sedatives and strapped to a chair. Its wrists were slit with a scalpel. 

> 

> **Result:** SCP-7031's anomalous property triggered 5 minutes and 23 seconds after being injured. The wounds on its wrists had closed and the blood stains on the blade of the scalpel disappeared despite it not having been cleaned.

---

> **Test #:** 10

> 

> **Date:** 07/05/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Lead Researcher:** Dr. Joseph Statham.

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-7031 was locked inside of testing chamber B-12 and a steady supply of Nitrogen gas was supplied to it via tube.

> 

> **Result:** SCP-7031's anomalous property triggered 22 minutes after the beginning of the test. Nitrogen levels inside of the chamber were found to be no higher than average.

---

> **Test #:** 13

> 

> **Date:** 10/05/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Lead Researcher:** Researcher Adrian Turner.

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-7031's chest was surgically opened and its heart was removed.

> 

> **Result:** SCP-7031's anomalous property triggered 10 minutes after its heart was removed. Its heart spontaneously reattached itself.

---

> **Test #:** 14

> 

> **Date:** 11/05/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Lead Researcher:** Researcher Adrian Turner.

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-7031 was strapped to an operation table and its head was detached from its body.

> 

> **Result:** SCP-7031's head reattached itself 12 seconds after the conclusion of the test.

---

> **Test #:** 19

> 

> **Date:** 16/05/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Lead Researcher:** Researcher Adrian Turner.

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-7031 was to ingest 50ml of Sulfuric Acid.

> 

> **Result:** [##red|TEST BANNED BY ORDER OF THE ETHICS COMMITTEE##]

---

> **Test #:** 27

> 

> **Date:** 24/05/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Lead Researcher:** Researcher Adrian Turner.

> 

> **Procedure:** D-73541 was given a standard issue handgun loaded with a single bullet  and ordered to shoot at SCP-7031 in the head. A kant counter was placed inside of the testing chamber.

> 

> **Result:** Hume readings during and after the test remained normal.

---

> **Test #:** 28

> 

> **Date:** 25/05/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Lead Researcher:** Researcher Adrian Turner.

> 

> **Procedure:** D-73541 was given a standard issue handgun loaded with a single bullet and ordered to shoot at SCP-7031 in the head. A portable Scranton Reality Anchor was placed inside of the testing chamber.

> 

> **Result:** SCP-7031's ability activated as usual.

---

> **Test #:** 30

> 

> **Date:** 27/05/2015

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Lead Researcher:** Researcher Adrian Turner.

> 

> **Procedure:** D-73541 was given a standard issue handgun loaded with a single bullet and ordered to shoot at SCP-7031 in the head. A MK-II XACTS[Xyank-Anastasakos Constant Temporal Sink](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/welcome-to-delta-t). device was placed inside of the testing chamber.

> 

> **Result:** *View incident 7031-Alpha.*

</details>

**Addendum 7031.4:** Incident 7031-Alpha.

On 27/05/2015, an incident involving SCP-7031 occurred during testing of the object.

Researcher Turner had submitted a request to Head Researcher Joseph Statham to obtain possession of a MK-II XACTS device under the suspicion that SCP-7031's anomalous ability may be temporal in nature. The request was granted and Researcher Turner was given permission to proceed with the test.

Below is a transcript taken from a security camera of the incident in question.

<details>
<summary>▶Open Incident Log◀</summary>

> **Date:** 27/05/2015

> 

> **Facility:** Site-17.

> 

> **Anomaly Involved:** SCP-7031.

> 

> **Personnel Involved:** Level 3 Researcher Adrian Turner, Security Guard Oswald Grant, Security Guard Anthony Ortega, D-73541.

> ----

> [Begin Log.]

> 

> **15:23**: *Researcher Turner enters Testing Chamber B-13 followed by SCP-7031, D-73541 and the two security personnel.*

> 

> **15:25**: *Researcher Turner hands SCP-7031 a blindfold and orders it to stand at the center of the testing chamber. SCP-7031 is then ordered to put on the blindfold.*

> 

> **15:26**: *D-73541 is handed a given issue handgun loaded with one bullet and is ordered to stand behind SCP-7031.*

> 

> **15:26**: *Researcher Turner walks over to a table where the MK-II XACTS device is placed in. SCP-7031 puts a hand on its head and, when asked, expresses that it is feeling a mild sensation of discomfort.*

> 

> **15:27**: *Researcher Turner takes a hold of the MK-II XACTS device and attempts to turn it on. SCP-7031 becomes slightly agitated and seems to struggle with keeping balance. D-73541 tries to bring attention to this but is told to remain silent by researcher Turner.*

> 

> **15:28**: *Researcher Turner activates the XACTS device and disappears immediately afterwards, leaving his clothes behind. SCP-7031 loses consciousness and falls to the ground.*

> 

> **15:28**: *The two security personnel become startled and draw their weapons. Ortega points at D-73541 who promptly raises his hands while Grant calls reinforcements.*

> 

> **15:29**: *Ortega orders D-73541 to put the handgun on the ground to which D-73541 complies.*

> 

> **15:31**: *A security team composed of six members arrives. D-73541 is taken back to its holding cell. SCP-7031 is taken to the on-site infirmary.*

> 

> [End Log.]

</details>

SCP-7031 remained unconscious for approximately 5 hours following Incident-7031-Alpha and returned to containment after medical analysis revealed that it had suffered no injuries.

**Addendum 7031.5:** Post-Incident Interview.

<details>
<summary>▶Open Interview Log◀</summary>

> **Date:** 28/05/2015

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Joseph Statham.

> 

> **Interviewee:** SCP-7031.

> ----

> [Begin Log.]

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** Good day SCP-7031.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Good day doc.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** How are you feeling today?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Could be worse, I guess.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** That's good to hear. Could you describe what happened yesterday?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Yeah yeah. [Pause.] I walked to the center of the room and put the blindfold on - why do I have to put a blindfold anyways?

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** It's part of the protocol, SCP-7031.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Your protocols are fucking weird. Anyways, I began to feel weird after putting the thing on, like something was poking at my head, and it got progressively worse after a few seconds.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** Has this happened before?

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Not really.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** Was there anything else out of the ordinary?

> 

> *SCP-7031 remains silent for a few seconds.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** I did have a strong feeling of Deja Vu while walking into the room but I didn't mention it because... Who the fuck doesn't have those? 

> 

> *Silence.*

> 

> **SCP-7031:** But also, I did have the feeling that something was drilling through my brain after waking up, but otherwise... No, that's it.

> 

> **Dr. Statham:** I see. [Pause.] That would be all for today SCP-7031. Thank you for your time.

> 

> **SCP-7031:** Yeah, its whatever.

> 

> [End Log.]

</details>

Investigation into the disappearance of Researcher Turner and his current whereabouts is ongoing.

<< [SCP-7030](SCP-7030) | SCP-7031 | [SCP-7032](SCP-7032) >>
