**Item #:** SCP-7871

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7871 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber in Sector-04 of Site-42. Subject is to be provided with two (2) meals from the site cafeteria per day and a twin sized bed in its cell. SCP-7871's requests are to be reviewed by the project's head researcher, Dr. Victor Xu. Below is a list of all requests in chronological order as of June 24th, 2012.

* Release from containment [DENIED]

* Permission to wander the site [DENIED]

* A firearm [DENIED]

* A personal laptop [DENIED]

* Access to the internet [DENIED]

* Access to Foundation files [DENIED]

Any violence towards Foundation personnel may be met with measures of physical force. 

All persons who were aware of SCP-7871's existence prior to containment shall be amnesticized and have all memories of SCP-7871 erased.

**Description:** SCP-7871 is a 15 year old female of East Asian and European descent with the given name of Vera Evans. Prior to containment, subject was a resident of the [Three Portlands](three-portlands-hub) and has been in touch with the anomalous world since childhood. 

SCP-7871's primary anomalous ability manifests when subject is being directly threatened by intelligent life bearing a projectile weapon. SCP-7871 may then be able to voluntarily interfere with the aggressor's cognitive functions and take control over the weapon of assault. 

SCP-7871's secondary anomalous ability is a togglable precision enhancement mechanism. When operating a projectile weapon, subject may "lock on" to a target. It is currently not possible to determine whether the cause of this effect is physical or psychological, however, this information is not necessary or of use to the Foundation.

SCP-7871 has used the term “crosshair” multiple times when speaking about its secondary ability, stating that “it’s like the little cross thing in the center of your vision in an FPS game”. This has been inferred to refer to some kind of internal ocular alignment interface. Medical examinations cannot confirm this.

**Addendum 01: Discovery:** On June 10th, 2012, SCP-7871 contacted the Foundation via its Public Communications phone number. Subject claimed to have relations with an unspecified group of interest that had communicated with the Foundation in the past, which is how it came across the Foundation's contact information, and was interested in a part-time employment as an agent. After some back and forth, SCP-7871 convinced the Communications operator to call it in for an interview. On June 14th, 2012, subject landed from its flight in San Francisco, California, and walked into Site-42. See following log:

> **Interview Log 01:**

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7871

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Sparrows

> 

> **Foreword:** Scheduled interview

> 

> **<Begin Log, 06/14/2012>**

> 

> **Researcher Sparrows:** Hello Miss Evans, you are applying for the position of field agent, am I correct?

> 

> **SCP-7871:** Yes, that is correct.

> 

> **Researcher Sparrows:** Alright then, let us begin. Why do you think you would be a good fit here at the Foundation?

> 

> **SCP-7871:** I agree with the organization's morals and intentions. You all help the world so much by keeping those monstrous beasts away from the people. I want to be a part of this cause.

> 

> <Researcher Sparrows subtly shakes her head.>

> 

> **Researcher Sparrows:** Anyways, I know that you're from the Three Portlands, so how would you describe your prior involvement with anomalies?

> 

> **SCP-7871:** As you said, I did grow up in the Portlands, and I've lived there my entire life, so I've been surrounded by the paranormal and metaphysical for as long as I can remember, and have extensive knowledge on the subject. I've also always had an interest in pataphysics, and plan to major in it if I go to [Deer](about-deer).

> 

> **Researcher Sparrows:** I see. Being an agent requires much expertise in physical combat. Have you been involved in this field previously?

> 

> **SCP-7871:** I have, in fact. My father would take me into the woods when I was young. That's where he taught me how to shoot. He did it rather well. I can't remember the last time I missed a shot. I guess it kind of comes naturally too. The crosshair just guides me to my target.

> 

> **Researcher Sparrows:** I beg your pardon. Crosshair?

> 

> <SCP-7871 does not respond.>

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Immediately following the events of this log, Researcher Sparrows attempted to use her cellular phone to contact site security due to suspicion of subject being anomalous. SCP-7871 responded to this action by taking a handgun out of its bag, which had previously gone unnoticed when undergoing security, and shot Sparrows in the chest, eventually resulting in fatality. Security guards from the neighboring corridor heard the commotion, and rushed into the interview room.

Once on-site security arrived at the scene, they began an attempt to sedate SCP-7871 and bring it into containment. A fight then ensued between SCP-7871 and the security guards. SCP-7871 used the previously mentioned weapon in effort to immobilize the guards and escape. After approximately ten (10) minutes of combat, security successfully pinned SCP-7871 to the floor, and rendered subject unconscious with the use of sedative drugs.

This event will henceforth be referred to as Event 7871. Besides Sparrows, there were two (2) other staff casualties, neither fatal, during this event.

Once SCP-7871 woke up in its containment chamber, it yelled profanities directed at the Foundation towards the surveillance cameras for approximately two (2) minutes before calming down.

**Addendum 02:** During the first two (2) days that SCP-7871 was contained at Site-42, it displayed much violence towards Foundation personnel. Despite that, the following interview was conducted due to a necessity for information.

> **Interview Log 02:**

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7871

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Allison Rowe

> 

> **Foreword:** Seeking information regarding SCP-7871's anomaly

> 

> **<Begin Log, 06/16/2012>**

> 

> <Dr. Rowe enters the interview room and sits down. SCP-7871 sits across the table. SCP-7871 stares intently at Dr. Rowe.>

> 

> **Dr. Rowe:** Hello SCP-7871. I am Dr. Rowe. Toda—

> 

> **SCP-7871:** Don't call me that.

> 

> **Dr. Rowe:** Excuse me?

> 

> **SCP-7871:** <Raises its voice> I said, don't call me that. So I'm just another arbitrary number to you? My name is Vera, and that's what I'd like to be called.

> 

> **Dr. Rowe:** <Sternly> I'm sorry. It's simply Foundation policy. Your SCP classification is SCP-7871, which is what you will be referred to as from now on.

> 

> **SCP-7871:** <Now yelling> I know that it's Foundation policy! I know, okay?! But this is cruel! I'm not an SCP! I'm a person! I deserve rights!

> 

> **Dr. Rowe:** <Remains calm> My apologies, but you are an SCP by definition. You're anomalous, and the Foundation is containing you. Being called by your preferred name is not a right. You don't *deserve* anything.

> 

> <SCP-7871 gives Dr. Rowe the middle finger>

> 

> **SCP-7871:** [EXPLETIVE] you. [EXPLETIVE] the Foundation. And there I was only a couple of days ago thinking that you were the good guys.

> 

> <SCP-7871 jumps across the table and throws Dr. Rowe to the floor, rendering her unconscious. It looks through Dr. Rowe’s pockets and eventually finds her key card. SCP-7871 uses this card to open the door and breach containment.>

> 

> <Security guards stationed outside the interview room quickly administer SCP-7871 with calming drugs and direct it back to its containment chamber.>

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-7871 should continue to be monitored for further aggressive behavior. No interactions between SCP-7871 and Foundation staff should occur outside of delivering food.

**Addendum 03:** During the three (3) days following Addendum 02, SCP-7871 showed less aggressive behavior towards staff. Because of this, it was deemed reasonable to conduct the following interview.

> **Interview Log 03:**

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7871

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Quortney Adams

> 

> **Foreword:** Seeking information regarding SCP-7871's anomaly

> 

> **<Begin Log, 06/19/2012>**

> 

> <Researcher Adams enters the interview room and sits down. SCP-7871 sits across the table.>

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** Hello SCP-7871. I am Researcher Adams. Dr. Rowe did not want to conduct this interview. Are you feeling a bit better today?

> 

> **SCP-7871:** You could say that.

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** Glad to hear it. Now, I'm only going to ask one question: What *is* your anomaly?

> 

> **SCP-7871:** You're telling me that you locked me up without knowing what my anomaly is?

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** You said something in your initial interview that led us to believe that you were anomalous, and that it had something to do with firearms. After some evaluation, we were pretty sure that this was the case, but that's about all we know. Please provide more information.

> 

> **SCP-7871:** *Wow*. You guys locked up a random kid because you were "pretty sure" that I was anomalous? Do you know how evil that sounds?

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** Well you're not a "random kid". *You* came to us first, and we had reasonable suspicion that you were an anomaly.

> 

> <SCP-7871 glares at Researcher Adams critically.>

> 

> **SCP-7871:** <In a skeptical tone> I don’t think it was *that* obvious, but fair enough. <Now more approvingly> Okay, I'll be honest with you.

> 

> **<Data omitted for brevity>**

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** Thank you for the information. We will get back to you on this.

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Tests will be conducted to confirm SCP-7871's anomaly.

**Addendum 04:** The following tests were conducted on June 20th, 2012.

> **Testing Log 01:**

> 

> **Test 1:**

> **Test author:** Dr. Xu

> **Action:** D-7825 was given a non-lethal handgun and instructed to fire at SCP-7871 five (5) times. SCP-7871 was instructed to use its primary ability to redirect D-7825’s aim and protect itself.

> **Result:** SCP-7871 successfully completed this task. D-7825 missed all five (5) shots, despite being a skilled gunman before entering Foundation custody. D-7825 claimed that he had entirely lost control of the weapon.

> **Notes:** SCP-7871's primary ability has been confirmed.

> 

> **Test 2:**

> **Test author:** Dr. Xu

> **Action:** SCP-7871 was given a non-lethal, unscoped rifle and instructed to fire at several moving objects from twenty (20) meters away.

> **Result:** SCP-7871 successfully completed this task. All shots fired hit a target.

> **Notes:** SCP-7871's secondary ability has been confirmed.

**Addendum 05:** Interviews 04 and 05 have been conducted for more information regarding SCP-7871's original desire for employment at the Foundation. These logs have been omitted for brevity. Full interview logs are available on request from Dr. Victor Xu.

**Addendum 06:** Dr. Xu has organized additional experiments to uncover supplementary information regarding SCP-7871’s abilities.

> **Testing Log 02:**

> 

> **Test 3:**

> **Test author:** Dr. Xu

> **Action:** D-7825 was given a non-lethal handgun and instructed to fire at SCP-7871 one (1) time. SCP-7871 was instructed to use its primary ability to redirect D-7825’s aim towards himself.

> **Result:** SCP-7871 successfully completed this task. D-7825 was hit with the projectile and suffered a minor injury. Following, D-7825 made the same claim as in Test 1.

> 

> **Test 4:**

> **Test author:** Dr. Xu

> **Action:** D-7825 was given a non-lethal rifle and instructed to fire at SCP-7871 five (5) times. SCP-7871 was instructed to redirect D-7825’s aim towards several objects positioned in various areas within the testing chamber.

> **Result:** SCP-7871 nearly completed this task. Four (4) out of the five (5) shots fired hit a target. D-7825 made the same claim as in Test 1.

> **Notes:** It is concluded that SCP-7871's secondary ability does not apply when combined with its primary ability.

> 

> **Test 5:**

> **Test author:** Dr. Rowe

> **Action:** D-7825 was given a non-lethal rifle and instructed to fire at SCP-7871 one (1) time. SCP-7871 was stood fifteen (15) meters from D-7825 facing the opposite direction and equipped with noise-canceling headphones. It was not informed when D-7825 would fire. SCP-7871 was instructed to use its primary ability to redirect D-7825’s aim and protect itself.

> **Result:** SCP-7871 failed to complete this task. It received a minor injury from the projectile. D-7825 claimed to be in complete control of the weapon during this test.

> **Notes:** Beforehand, SCP-7871 requested for this test not to be conducted due to certainty that it would fail. It was performed nonetheless.

> 

> **Test 6:**

> **Test author:** Dr. Rowe

> **Action:** D-7825 was given a non-lethal handgun and instructed to fire at D-7791 one (1) time. SCP-7871 was stood in the same testing chamber and instructed to divert D-7825’s aim and prevent the projectile from making contact with D-7791.

> **Result:** SCP-7871 failed to complete this task. D-7791 was hit with the projectile and suffered a minor injury.

> **Notes:** “Honestly, I didn’t think that would work, but it was literally worth a shot.” - Dr. Rowe

**Addendum 07:** The footage below was recorded of several Site-42 staff and members of SCP-7871's research team discussing the current situation.

> **Site-42 Surveillance Footage - Employee Break Room:**

> 

> **<Begin Log, 6/24/2012>**

> 

> **Dr. Xu:** Guys, did you read SCP-7871's testing logs? It's got some serious abilities. We could use it, somehow. I know that we're not supposed to employ anomalies anymore because of the high risk of casualties, but I just feel like this one's got some potential. I wanna hear you guys' opinions.

> 

> **Dr. Rowe:** Victor, umm... I don't think she's gonna *want* to work for us. I know she's not lashing out anymore, but it's probably just so that she doesn't get her privileges revoked. There's no way she's gonna agree to that.

> 

> **Dr. Xu:** Well, I've got an idea. We could drug it with amnestics so that it doesn’t remember what we did to it. Easy peasy.

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** This feels really immoral. I don't think this is a good idea. Exploiting a child for her anomalous abilities? What has the Foundation become?

> 

> **Dr. Xu:** The Foundation does unethical stuff like this all the time. This should be the least of your worries. It's all for the greater good.

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** But a *child*? She's *fifteen*. We're just gonna put her in danger like that?

> 

> **Dr. Xu:** Yeah. I see no problem.

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** But isn't hiring her technically child labor?

> 

> **Dr. Perov:** What's wrong with child labor? We are above the law after all.

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** Shut up, Steve!

> 

> **Dr. Xu:** Well, Quortney, he's got a point. Why not child labor? We're the Foundation. We can do whatever we want, legal or not.

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** You are *not* okay.

> 

> **Dr. Rowe:** Victor, we can't just forget that she's an *anomaly*. Those things can't be trusted with privileges.

> 

> **Dr. Xu:** SCP-7871 is basically just a kid, not some big scary monster. Go get therapy, Allison. We're not letting your trust issues impact the Foundation's decisions. I'm starting to think that *you* can't be trusted with privileges.

> 

> **Dr. Rowe:** *Yeah*. She's *just* a kid. What good is she gonna do for the Foundation? I *did* read the testing logs. Her abilities have many drawbacks. I don’t think this is worth it.

> 

> **Dr. Xu:** It seems smart. Plus, it demonstrated some serious skill in Event 7871. Also, its anomaly isn't gonna *harm* the Foundation. In fact, it's probably going to *help* us.

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** Another concern is the way she *behaved* during Event 7871, as well as in the second interview. I get that it was in self-defense, and if she didn’t fight back, we would lock her up, but working here requires one to make sacrifices. She knew that the Foundation wouldn't trust her and she would get locked up regardless after revealing her abilities, but still chose violence as the answer. That makes us trust her less.

> 

> **Dr. Rowe:** Yes! That’s exactly why we shouldn’t hire her! The way she treated me in the second interview! So wild and disrespectful!

> 

> **Dr. Perov:** I'd say she was just acting on impulse, and also Allison, let’s think back to how you acted when you first started here. Your level of discipline was *definitely* not up to Foundation standards. SCP-7871 will eventually learn.

> 

> **Dr. Rowe:** But how do we know she won't change. People's beliefs change over time. How do we know that she'll stay loyal to the Foundation? Plus, Even if we do amnesticize her and portray the Foundation as the good guys, it's almost guaranteed that she'll turn on us after she sees all the messed up shit that we do from the perspective of an employee, no matter how much we justify it in the name of the greater good.

> 

> **Dr. Perov:** Well, you kind of just gotta [EXPLETIVE] around and find out! This is a great opportunity for the Foundation!

> 

> **Dr. Xu:** Shut up, Steve. Allison, that's why we don't show it the messed up shit. Its abilities are only useful against weaponary anomalies. That's what we're gonna use it for. Even if it does eventually find out about that stuff, it won't remember experiencing it firsthand, so it won't think that it's too bad.

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** I don't even know what to say. I'm so disappointed in you.

> 

> **Dr. Rowe:** Okay. You win. Go ahead and give her the job, but if something goes wrong because of her, don't come to me saying that I didn't warn you.

> 

> **Dr. Xu:** Glad we agree. Imma go email Director Sherman now.

> 

> <Dr. Xu exits the room.>

> 

> **<End Log>**

**Addendum 08:** The following email was recorded from the SCiPNET database.

> **Update on SCP-7871's project:**

> 

> **Date:** 7/5/2012

> **To:** q.adams.42@scip.net a.rowe.42@scip.net t.sherman.42@scip.net and 5 others

> **From:** v.xu.42@scip.net

> 

> To whom it may concern,

> 

> After much discussion between members of SCP-7871’s research project, SCP-7871 has been deemed a potential valuable asset. It will be administered class G amnestics, as well as certain mnestic drugs to erase the majority of its life experiences from its memory and replace them with false ones, deeming subject loyal to the Foundation. It will take on the identity of Jacklyn Parker, a newly recruited Foundation field agent, in order to contribute to the cause. Most containment procedures will be lifted, however, SCP-7871 should continue to be monitored.

> 

> Thank you for your time.

> 

> Sincerely, 

> Dr. Victor Xu

<< [SCP-7870](SCP-7870) | SCP-7871 | [SCP-7872](SCP-7872) >>
