**Item #:** SCP-7774

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Saint Mary's Catholic Cemetery is to be inspected for upkeep every first Sunday of a new month. Janitorial personnel are to be dispatched on site for landscaping purposes.

Once per year, the cemetery is to be closed to the public seventy-two hours leading to the date of June 12th under the guise of maintenance purposes. Twenty-four hours preceding June 12th, the area surrounding SCP-7774 will be blocked from public access via MTF unit Kappa-16 *(Groundskeepers)*.

**Description:** SCP-7774 is a yearly phenomenon affecting the area of Fredericksburg, Texas. On June 12th, uniquely at 6:30 AM (CST) precisely, SCP-7774 will animate as a humanoid structure, typically a sculpture, within the surrounding area. From discovery, SCP-7774 has indicated a preference for using the form of an angel statue within Saint Mary's Cemetery.

Upon animation, the often preferredPrevious experimentation surrounding the removal of structures within Fredericksburg has yielded varying activation locations, yet prevention of SCP-7774 from manifesting has been unsuccessful. angel statue of SCP-7774 has been displayed to step from its pedestal, manifesting lithe control over the statue's stone limbs. Passive, non-verbal acknowledgement of Foundation personnel has been previously observed.

Often following a brief stroll of the cemetery, SCP-7774 will spend the remainder of the phenomenon in close proximity to a faded, marble cross grave. Observed behavior of SCP-7774 has previously revealed the anomaly:

* Kneeling, bowing, or praying over the grave-site

* Gently caressing the ground

* Weaving nearby flowers into bouquets (sunflowers, bluebonnets, pink evening primrose, etc.)

In the evening, commonly after 7:00 PM, SCP-7774 will stand up from the grave after making a final gesture and will return to the statue's initial location, reverting to a non-anomalous state.

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum: Discovery Log</summary>

Local rumors of angels blessing the graves of Saint Mary's began to spread in Fredericksburg by local citizens as early as June of 1974. Monthly low priority surveillance of the cemetery was conducted for over a year before SCP-7774 was discovered.

Upon scheduled retrieval, SCP-7774 was discovered to be kneeling over its chosen grave-site. Local foundation personnel dispatched to the area attempted to secure SCP-7774 away from the site to find SCP-7774 having demanifested, leaving a common, non-anomalous angel statue.

Excavation of the grave SCP-7774 was discovered upon revealed the following:

* One decayed human skeleton of a juvenile female

* One wooden rosary, broken into two parts

* One faded photograph of a woman and young child

Restoration of the photograph revealed faint handwriting on the back. Analysis of the photograph revealed the text "Judith, 6-12."

Following discovery, the grave site was returned to its original state. Foundation personnel were planted as groundskeepers within Saint Mary's Cemetery for quick surveillance for future SCP-7774 instances.

</details>

---

=====

> **Filename:** Highgate Cemetery Angel Statue.png, Portrait of a woman holding a baby (I0024828).jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Highgate_Cemetery_Angel_Statue.png

https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Portrait_of_a_woman_holding_a_baby_(I0024828).jpg

=====

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7773](SCP-7773) | SCP-7774 | [SCP-7775](SCP-7775) >>
