:root{

   --header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

   --header-subtitle: "Site-400";

   ~~lgurl: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/theme%3Anight-rush-theme/night-rush-icon.png);

}

.footnotes-footer {

    visibility: hidden;

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

@keyframes spin {

   100% { transform: rotate(360deg); }

}

div.ettra img {

  z-index: 0;

  animation: spin 20s cubic-bezier(1,1,1,1) infinite;

  filter: drop-shadow(0 0 0.1rem black);

  margin-top: 18px;

}

.ettra_memo {

    background: #5E4391;

    background-size: contain;

    background-position: top center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    box-shadow: 0px 0px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);

    width: 90%;

    margin-left: auto;

    margin-right: auto;

    margin-bottom: 24px;

    padding: 10px 20px 20px 20px;

    word-break: break-word;

}

.logo_section{

    float:left;

    width: 150px;

    padding: 0 2%;

}

.title_section{

    float:left;

    width: calc(90% - 150px);

}

.text_section{

    float:left;

    width: 95%;

    padding: 0 2%;

}

@media (max-width: 1000px) {

    .logo_section{

        float:left;

        width: 95%;

        padding: 0 2%;

    }

    .title_section{

        float:left;

        width: 95%;

        padding: 0 2%;

    }

}

**SCP-7736** - We Are Powerless

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ndheckfire)

@@ @@

‎

[!~~ There is an invisible character inbetween those span tags above, be mindful not to delete it while translating! It would break the animation ~~]

@@ @@

@@ @@

### * <{{LOGIN COMPLETE}}>

@@ @@

:root {

    --five-color: 145,121,231;

    --four-color: 145,121,231;

    --three-color: 145,121,231;

    --two-color: 145,121,231;

    --one-color: 145,121,231;

}

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-400

Director Adam Desmond

N/A

N/A

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** With approval from Site-400's current site director, all instances of SCP-7736 are given permission to continue their long term employment with the Foundation. However, they are to be under constant surveillance and protection in order to prevent any accidental death, with any new instance being documented and given standard Foundation amenities. 

Due to the sustainable and inherently renewable nature of SCP-7736's workforce, all of its instances are presently assigned to maintaining the continued operation of Acroamatic Abatement Facility AAF-Y/400A facility located underneath Site-400's main structure, commissioned with the task of processing, recycling and (if necessary) purging any form of waste produced by the Site..

---

**Description:** SCP-7736 is the designation given to all instances of Junior Technician Jack Curie-Layted, a maintenance personnel for Site-400's Department of Esoteric Substance Reduction. All instances of SCP-7736 take the form of a white adult male of Scottish-Canadian descent, with green eyes and brown hair.

Whenever SCP-7736 expires through any known means, two humanoid entities possessing a physical appearance identical to SCP-7736 will immediately manifest in the proximity of the previous' corpse. Both of these humanoids (at this point now designated as new instances of SCP-7736) would possess the former SCP-7736's memories and experiences that occurred prior to the "original"'s death. Both of them would also retain the anomalous properties of the initial instance.

It's important to note that, while sharing a disturbingly similar psychological and mental profile, each instance of SCP-7736 does not represent a singular hivemind, as testing has shown that they are not capable of sharing any new information without interacting with one another.

With this in mind, Foundation researchers have concluded that with the above-mentioned capability, the core consciousness of SCP-7736 is functionally immortal to a degree.

---

**Addendum 7736-1, Notable Incidents:**

| Date & Time | Event Description | Observations | Instance Count |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| = 03/12/2016 (4:54 AM) | While two instances of SCP-7736 were repairing a power generator within AAF-Y/400, a loose metal pipe fell on top of it, causing the generator to violently discharge excess energy and electrocuting both of them. They died of cardiac dysrhythmia. | Four instances of SCP-7736 manifested and proceeded to work together to repair the loose pipe along with the power generator. | = 5 |
| = 23/04/2018 (1:35 PM) | In the midst of  a containment breach precipitated by an [SCP-4310](SCP-4310) specimenSCP-4310 is an anomalous carnivorous species of centipede that possesses a total length (from head to anus) of approximately 6.5 meters., the West Wing of Site-400 was put on indefinite lockdown. Three instances of SCP-7736 were attempting to evacuate the West Wing when they suddenly came across the SCP-4310 specimen, which proceeded to devour all three of them in quick succession. | Six instances of SCP-7736 manifested within the SCP-4310 specimen's stomach, causing it to quickly burst, thus freeing the trapped individuals. | = 24 |
| = 13/07/2019 (6:09 AM) | During a raid conducted by the Chaos Insurgency upon Site-400, a single SCP-7736 instance accidentally stumbled upon three Insurgent operatives while he was conducting emergency repairs to the seraphic outflow system within AAF-Y/400. An Insurgent fired a shot at the SCP-7736 instance's forehead, killing him. | Two instances of SCP-7736 manifested and attempted to rush the Insurgent operatives. They were both immediately killed via gunfire, as four more instances manifested and proceeded to attempt the same thing. After some time, the operatives were finally able to be overwhelmed and incapacitated with a total of nine SCP-7736 instances. | = 37 |
---

**Addendum 7736-2, Mass Instance Retransferral:** On the 23rd of October, 2019, after experiencing several more deaths attributed to [another containment breach](scp-7417), the number of SCP-7736 instances reached forty (40). This prompted a meeting to be conducted between Site-400's administration and Dr. Eftow Crater along with Sr. Tech. Mallis GravesBoth the Heads of Site-400's Department of Esoteric Substance Reduction. , where it discussed the Site's possible inability to continue housing more instances of SCP-7736 due to budgetary concerns and lack of space. 

Following extensive review by both parties, it would be decided that a number of SCP-7736 instances will be retransferred to other Foundation facilities in which their skills would be ultimately beneficial. These facilities included [Biological Research Area-12](secure-facility-dossier-area-12), [Treatment Area-21](12-aromantic-abatement), and [Research/Containment Site-43](secure-facility-dossier-site-43).

Up until the 30th of October, all selected SCP-7736 instances were collectively and successfully distributed to each Foundation facility without incident. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

### **ATTENTION ALL PERSONNEL**

## **EMERGENT THREAT TACTICAL RESPONSE AUTHORITY**

### **PRIORITY ONE ANNOUNCEMENT**

---

As of the 10th of June, 2021, the anomalous entity known as [SCP-PL-231](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/scp-pl-231) had manifested itself in Bełchatów Power Plant, Poland, and began to generate large  anomalous thunderstorms designated as SCP-PL-231-1 which caused a mass electrical blackout affecting worldwide.

As all efforts to recontain SCP-PL-231 had been futile, on July 8th, the Overseer Council unanimously approved the ETTRA's emergency declaration of [an IK-0 Class "Dark Ages" End of Civilization Scenario](czarne-niebo-hub). With this, a strategic failsafe initiative (Procedure 180-Thunderstuck) was immediately implemented and executed in all Foundation facilities globally in order for them to maintain their respective functions.

To ensure the preservation of the Foundation and the Veil, personnel are to be reminded that all requests originating from the ETTRA are mandatory directives carrying the authority of Overwatch Command.

-- Dr. Dan ███████, Director of ETTRA

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Addendum 7736-3, Incident Log/Anomaly Application:** Under the orders of Site-400's newly appointed site director, Director Esther Roth, in the course of the IK-0 Class Scenario, the construction of the Organic Waste Ignition and Electrical Turbine Engine (or the OWIET Engine) officially began on the 20th of July, 2021. The Engine's sole purpose is to supply enough energy to power AAF-Y/400, whose esoteric waste has been building up and causing complications due to insufficient abatement efforts.

However, during the OWIET Engine's initial activation since its creation, one instance of SCP-7736 assigned to maintaining it accidentally tripped upon a haphazardly placed wire cable and fell into the Engine's combustion chamber on the 5th of March, 2022. Due to a design flaw, the Engine proceeded to operate its function regardless, which was to completely incinerate any form of organic waste within its chamber and convert it into steam to power an electrical turbine.

As a consequence of the SCP-7736 instance's anomalous properties, the OWIET Engine was perpetually provided with a supply of organic matter, thus being able to continuously power AAF-Y/400, resulting in the Facility's esoteric waste being efficiently processed and purged. Therefore, by and of itself, the AAF-Y/400's build-up crisis has been solved.

Estimations also show that if the Engine carries on with its current pace, any surplus electrical energy produced could theoretically power other sections in Site-400.

In light of this, by the orders of Director Roth, no attempts shall be made to rescue any instances of SCP-7736 from within the OWIET Engine. Instead, maintenance personnel are to continually adjust and modify the Engine in order to avoid any sort of difficulties associated with SCP-7736's continued multiplication. 

Considering the Departments of Logistics and Engineering have still not been able to develop an alternative method of communication between Foundation facilities that doesn't involve the use of electricity, Site-400's administration did not have the proper means to notify the other SCP-7736 instances abroad regarding Director Roth's utilization of them. As per her orders, they shall remain oblivious until such a time is necessary to inform them.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7735](SCP-7735) | SCP-7736 | [SCP-7737](SCP-7737) >>

=====

> **Filename:** owiet.jpg

> **Name:** Incineration Plant and Sunset

> **Author** Sam LaRussa

> **License:** CC BY 2.0 DEED

> **Source Link:** https://flic.kr/p/Mjpkp4

=====
