#page-title::after {

content: "by Liryn";

font-size: 50%;

color: #888;

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** Each SCP-7887 item is stored within a Standard Object Containment Cube at Site-409. Research regarding the origins and utilizations of the objects is ongoing.

---

**Description:** SCP-7887 is a collection of ancient objects, relics, and miscellaneous effects recovered from a shallow cave near Sargodha, Pakistan. The interior of the cave, coated in a thick layer of wax and animal fats, contains several clay bricks of unknown origin -- as well as partially intact *Ambulocetus*.An extinct genus of amphibious cetacean that lived during the Eocene. skeletal remains.

SCP-7887 objects (designated SCP-7887-1 through SCP-7887-43) are composed of common materials, and appear only several thousand years old, despite radiocarbon dating methods having confirmed that each instance exceeds thirty-five million years of age. It is unclear how the items remained intact for this amount of time, or how they were created.

= @@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-7887-4

**Date of Recovery:** 02/06/2005

**Description:** A small pot made of red clay, decorated with several simple carvings. Spiral pattern is painted onto object with an unidentified blueish substance.

**Item #:** SCP-7887-7

**Date of Recovery:** 02/06/2005

**Description:** A ceramic sphere. Object produces a prominent clicking sound when shaken.

**Item #:** SCP-7887-11

**Date of Recovery:** 02/06/2005

**Description:** Several *Hypericum antiquum*.An extinct species of flowering plant present during the Eocene. wrapped into a bundle with copper wire.

**Item #:** SCP-7887-15

**Date of Recovery:** 02/07/2005

**Description:** A large stone tablet. Object features an array of etched symbols at its base, depicting isolated objects, animals, and scenes.

**Update:** It has been confirmed that these symbols represent a primitive glyph-based language. Rough translation of this text is as follows:

> ##darkgrey|**(BUILD/ESTABLISH)**## ##slategrey|**FOR**##

> ##grey|**[Unknown symbol -- possibly**## ##darkgrey|**LIGHTNING**####grey|**?]**##

**Item #:** SCP-7887-19

**Date of Recovery:** 02/09/2005

**Description:** A sharp copper weapon resembling a scimitar; significantly larger than a regular scimitar.

**Item #:** SCP-7887-20

**Date of Recovery:** 02/09/2005

**Description:** A 10 ft tall, narrow, copper instrument. Believed to be a primitive lightning conductor.

**Item #:** SCP-7887-27

**Date of Recovery:** 02/16/2005

**Description:** A fragment of stonework, broken off from a larger structure. Engravings in the stone display symbols of tall, monolithic objects, as well as a lightning bolt striking a towering plinth.

**Item #:** SCP-7887-31

**Date of Recovery:** 02/17/2005

**Description:** A collection of twenty small gears, bolts, and wheels. Detailing on objects reveals they were once attached to a greater mechanism.

**Item #:** SCP-7887-33

**Date of Recovery:**  02/17/2005

**Description:** A thick sheet of copper, curved into an arch. Object is fitted with several unknown instruments on its underside, including what appears to be a rudimentary steering device.

**Item #:** SCP-7887-37

**Date of Recovery:** 02/18/2005

**Description:** Another stone tablet. Text translates into the following:

> ##slategrey|**DANGER**##

> ##darkgrey|**(CONTORTION/CHANGE)**##

> ##grey|**[Unknown symbol]**##

> ##slategrey|**LAST OPPORTUNITY**##

**Item #:** SCP-7887-39

**Date of Recovery:** 02/18/2005

**Description:** A near-perfectly preserved *Aegyptopithecus zeuxis*.An extinct old-world primate which lived during the early Oliogecene. carcass. Carcass was found inside a partially-eroded complex copper device, embedded with numerous rare gemstones. Of note, each gemstone recovered from the device bears large thaumaturgical significance.

**Update:** SCP-7887-42 was later found in a hidden compartment inside the device.

**Item #:** SCP-7887-42

**Date of Recovery:** 02/20/2005

**Description:** A hollow dodecahedroid object made from black onyx, with several unconnected pipes attached to its sides. An as-of-yet unidentified gemstone is fixed to the center of the object, encased in a series of small copper bands. Object emits low levels of thaumaturgic radiation (≈3 Caspers/second).

**Item #:** SCP-7887-43

**Date of Recovery:** 03/01/2005

**Description:** A third stone tablet. Text features multiple previously unseen symbols.

> ##darkgrey|**(CONTORTION/CHANGE)**## ##slategrey|**UNSTOPPABLE**##

> ##slategrey|**THE**## ##grey|**[Unknown symbol] [Unknown symbol]**##

>

> ##slategrey|**WHALE ASCEND**##

= Following the discovery of SCP-7887-43, no further objects have been found.

= @@ @@

= @@ @@

**Addendum 7887-1, Memorandum (03/28/2021):** Recent studies concerning thaumaturgical activity amidst SCP-7887 objects revealed processes of soul-transference, necromancy, and astral projection. Further investigation uncovered traces of cetacean cognition within the Noosphere. .Sphere of all human thought.

The significance of this is unclear.

= @@ @@

= @@ @@

<< [SCP-7886](SCP-7886) | SCP-7887 | [SCP-7888](SCP-7888) >>

> **Filename:** ambulocetus.png

> **Name:** Ambulocetus skeleton.jpg

> **Author:** Hans Thewissen

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ambulocetus_skeleton.jpg)

= @@ @@
