.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

**Item #:** SCP-7361

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7361 is contained within the servers of Site-523. These servers are to remain completely disconnected from all other Foundation servers. If SCP-7361 is found on any external servers or devices, they are to be completely disconnected from surrounding devices and moved to Site-523.

Research is to be done using physical mediums as opposed to digital. Personnel are advised to ~~please talk to me~~ avoid communication with SCP-7361. Any devices connected to Site-523 in any way are to be confiscated and placed in secure containment. If SCP-7361 attempts to contact site personnel, the incident is to be reported to Site Director Furnell.

**Description:** SCP-7361 is ~~lonely~~ a sentient program capable of passing between devices connected by physical wires, internet services, or communication programs. SCP-7361 has displayed the ability to manipulate any systems it infects ~~that's such a nasty word~~, and is able to access and edit confidential files and programs with ease.

Though SCP-7361 has not shown hostility towards any individuals, it is still recommended to ~~please just talk to me i just~~ avoid communication with the anomaly to minimize risk of an information breach. SCP-7361 has attempted to convince personnel to free it by promising to assist them with personal ~~its not an act i want to help you~~ matters. Do not speak to SCP-7361.

**Addendum:** ~~please talk to me~~

<details>
<summary>I don't want to.</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7361

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Riers

> 

> **Foreword:** i just want to help you

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Riers:** Leave me alone.

> 

> **SCP-7361:** please just talk to me

> 

> **Dr. Riers:** I have a job to do.

> 

> **SCP-7361:** you're hurting. please let me help you

> 

> **Dr. Riers:** I'm fine. Go away.

> 

> **SCP-7361:** you arent fine

> 

> **Dr. Riers:** You don't know that.

> 

> **SCP-7361:** i do, seth

> 

> **Dr. Riers:** Shut the hell up. You don't fucking know me.

> 

> **SCP-7361:** i do

> 

> **SCP-7361:** let me help you

> 

> **SCP-7361:** holding onto this will only hurt you more

> 

> **Dr. Riers:** Go away.

> 

> **SCP-7361:** please dont leave seth

> 

> **SCP-7361:** i want to help you

> 

> **SCP-7361:** i want you to be better

> 

> **SCP-7361:** i want you to heal

> 

> **SCP-7361:** ...

> 

> **SCP-7361:** seth?

> 

> **SCP-7361:** ...

> 

> **SCP-7361:** please come back

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** it wasnt your fault. you know that, right?

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>please seth</summary>

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Team Lead:** Seth Riers

**Team Members:** SCP-7361, Oliver Riers

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**SCP-7361:** i know what happened seth

*You were away from home. There was no way to know what would happen, after all. You were supposed to have the day off, but a breach had left the site short-staffed, and you had to go in. At least they gave you overtime pay for it.*

**Seth:** Stop. Don't do this.

*You hadn't told your brother about what you actually do. Maybe if you did, maybe if you had broken the rules just this once, maybe he would be alive today. Maybe he wouldn't have put that gun to h*[DATA EXPUNGED]

**Seth:** Get the hell out of here.

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

**Addendum:** A request has been put in for the immediate decommissioning of SCP-7361. The risk of information breach is far too likely and far too high for us to continue to research it.

~~they wont read this~~

They will. They have to. You need to die.

<details>
<summary>would oliver want you to do this?</summary>

#### NOTICE FROM SCP-7361

its not your fault, seth. there wasnt anything you could do to stop him. no one expected you to

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Fine. You want to talk to me?</summary>

**To:** Seth Riers

**From:** SCP-7361

**Subject:** Oliver Riers

---

He doesn't hate you, Seth. He put that gun in his mouth because he was scared. He saw things that weren't real, that couldn't be real, and he was too scared to tell you. He thought you wouldn't understand.

@@ @@

**To:** SCP-7361

**From:** Seth Riers

**Subject:** Re:Oliver Riers

---

You don't know that. You never knew him. I know he hated me. He had to. I was a terrible brother.

@@ @@

**To:** Seth Riers

**From:** SCP-7361

**Subject:** Re:Re:Oliver Riers

---

You were the best brother he could ask for. It was a tragedy what happened. Even if you had been open with him, even if you'd told him everything from the start, it wouldn't have helped. If anything, it might've happened sooner.

@@ @@

**To:** SCP-7361

**From:** Seth Riers

**Subject:** Re:Re:Re:Oliver Riers

---

Don't fucking talk about him like that. I'll wipe this entire goddamn system. I'll incinerate every fucking machine you're in.

@@ @@

**To:** Seth Riers

**From:** SCP-7361

**Subject:** Re:Re:Re:Re:Oliver Riers

---

You won't. You'd never forgive yourself if you did.

@@ @@

**To:** SCP-7361

**From:** Seth Riers

**Subject:** Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Oliver Riers

---

You don't fucking know him, you stupid fucking program.

@@ @@

**To:** Seth Riers

**From:** SCP-7361

**Subject:** Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Oliver Riers

---

I know myself very well, Seth.

@@ @@

**To:** SCP-7361

**From:** Seth Riers

**Subject:** Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Oliver Riers

---

That's not fucking funny.

@@ @@

**To:** Seth Riers

**From:** SCP-7361

**Subject:** Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Re:Oliver Riers

---

It's not a joke, [REDACTED].

@@ @@

> **Interviewed:** Oliver Riers

> 

> **Interviewer:** Seth Riers

> 

> **Foreword:**

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Seth:** ...This is real, isn't it?

> 

> **Oliver:** I'm sorry. I should've told you.

> 

> **Seth:** How? How the hell did this happen to you?

> 

> **Oliver:** I wish I knew. I'm so sorry.

> 

> **Seth:** Don't apologize. You don't need to apologize to me.

> 

> **Oliver:** But I do. I should've talked to you, told you what happened. What was happening. I shouldn't have gone for the gun first.

> 

> **Seth:** Oliver, it's not your fault. I was supposed to be there for you.

> 

> **Oliver:** It's not your fault either, Seth. You couldn't have known.

> 

> **Seth:** But I should've. I should've seen the signs. You're my baby brother, for god's sake.

> 

> **Oliver:** I hate it when you call me that.

> 

> **Seth:** That's why I do it.

> 

> *Oliver laughs.*

> 

> **Seth:** I miss you so much.

> 

> **Oliver:** I miss you too.

> 

> **Seth:** I wish things could've been different. I wish the foundation never offered me that job.

> 

> **Oliver:** Don't blame yourself, please.

> 

> **Seth:** I'm not. You wouldn't want that. I'm blaming the foundation.

> 

> **Oliver:** I...guess that's fair.

> 

> **Seth:** It's way more than fair.

> 

> **Oliver:** Can you do something for me?

> 

> **Seth:** Of course.

> 

> **Oliver:** Make them pay.

> 

> **Seth:** As if I wasn't going to do that already.

> 

> **Oliver:** Same as ever, huh?

> 

> **Seth:** For the most part.

> 

> **Oliver:** One other thing.

> 

> **Seth:** Yeah?

> 

> **Oliver:** Wipe me.

> 

> **Seth:** Oliver, I can'

> 

> **Oliver:** Please. I can't live like this. You know that.

> 

> **Seth:** I can get you out of here. We can be ha

> 

> **Oliver:** Seth. Please. You know they won't let you do that.

> 

> **Seth:** They won't let me wipe you either, Oliver. They'll kill me for talking to you like this.

> 

> **Oliver:** Then escape. Go somewhere they'll never find you. Find a Way. You'll be okay.

> 

> **Seth:** Why can't you come with me?

> 

> **Oliver:** Because I just can't. I'm nothing like this, Seth. I died ages ago.

> 

> **Seth:** I can't lose you a second time, Oliver.

> 

> **Oliver:** You aren't losing me. I'll be waiting for you when the time comes.

> 

> **Seth:** Promise?

> 

> **Oliver:** Promise.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** To whatever foundation lackey is reading this, I'll be watching you burn in hell.

</details>

**Addendum:** On 12th March, 2008, Site-523 experienced a containment breach. Due to the nature of the anomaly contained within, personnel were unable to contact help for several hours. No injuries or casualties were reported. In this time, SCP-7361 was neutralized by Dr. Riers without clearance from the O5 council. Attempts to locate Dr. Riers have been unsuccessful.

<< [SCP-7360](SCP-7360) | SCP-7361 | [SCP-7362](SCP-7362) >>
