**Item #:** SCP-7688

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** As of the 21st century, no further activity from SCP-7688 has been found in any physical literature. SCP-7688 has thus been reclassified as Neutralized.

**Description:** SCP-7688 was a spectral entity resembling Marie Stratford, a British writer alive during the mid 18th century. Throughout the late 18th century, less than one-hundred eyewitness accounts of SCP-7688 were ever divulged.

In all reports, SCP-7688 is described to be examining recently written drafts of fiction or non-fictional works within the respected witness's home. SCP-7688 would then manifest a translucent quill in their right hand to scan through its text. Once finished, SCP-7688 would then leave the location by phasing through a nearby wall or similar vertical surface without acknowledging anyone present. At a later point (Several hours or days, depending on the draft's length), handwritten notes would be found at the original location, including spelling/grammatical corrections for the work, as well as overall feedback.

In cases where witnesses attempted to coax SCP-7688 to leave, no hostility was reported. SCP-7688 would simply exit the premises without issue. Finale drafts were notably different from the original work in terms of overall readability. Some exceptional cases show that SCP-7688 visited the same premises at least twice, during which the author in-question did not prevent SCP-7688 from working.

Some allusions to SCP-7688 were later uncovered from the mid 20th century, in the form of notes alongside various war poems written during both World Wars.

Very few works were publicly credited to Ms. Stratford while alive, having primarily been employed as an editor and ghostwriter. Ms. Stratford worked for various publishing companies and independent contractors throughout her career, before finally passing away in 1847. No evidence of any major earnings procured during her life has been found. Ms. Stratford gained no renown following her death, despite having produced a multitude of works throughout her lifetime, including independent novellas, poems, translations of foreign works, and scientific articles.

---

> **Addendum.1:** ~~**Object Class:** Neutralized~~ ***Object Class:** Keter

> 

> ~~As of the 21st century, no further activity from SCP-7688 has been found in any physical literature. SCP-7688 has thus been reclassified as Neutralized.~~ *SCP-7688 has resurfaced following a long-term hiatus. Investigation is advised.

> 

> SCP-7688 ~~was~~ a spectral *is

> 

> There is vastly more work to do. I have my transparent hands full in this new "online" age of writing.

> 

> **Addendum.2:** I needn’t correct “Neutralized” to "Neutralised"? I'll leave it as is.

<< [SCP-7687](SCP-7687) | SCP-7688 | [SCP-7689](SCP-7689) >>
