=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-7608

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7608 are to be contained in standard anomalous item lockers with their associated discs. Discs are only to be removed from SCP-7608 in the event of testing. SCP-7608 is not to be handled by personnel with previous or current musical or theater backgrounds. 

In the event of an SCP-7608 activation, staff are to be monitored for exposure to cognitohazardous material, and are to affirm that the songs of their youth have long since ended. 

**Description:** SCP-7608 refers to a collection of anomalously modified Panasonic SL-S250C Portable CD Players and discs. Although inert while dormant, when activated, SCP-7608 plays a pre-recorded track, prompting the listener to repeat a collection of instructions. 

Digital analysis of the recording has led to the theory that SCP-7608 acts as an aid to the listener's musical ability. This theory is based on the patterns of distribution surrounding SCP-7608, and the mention of an upcoming concert or musical production in a majority of collected instances. Further analysis has revealed cognitohazardous distortions, in the form of background noise, that directly affects areas of the brain responsible for self-identity and memory. 

SCP-7608 was distributed from the late 90s to the early 00s by a company known as Syncope, a reputable seller operating beyond the Veil. Devices recovered prior to distribution include discs labeled with the name of the destination school, followed by 'rehearsal tape'. It is theorized that SCP-7608 has the potential to affect upwards of 1 in 9 individuals under the age of 18 in the United States. At the time of this article's creation, only 1/3 of distributed SCP-7608 devices have entered containment.

The first recovered footage of SCP-7608 in use was a Youtube video flagged by MTF ETA-11 "Savage Beasts" Euryd.AIC for anomalous content. Although the name of the channel was corrupted, the video, titled *The Curtain Call Never Came*, was uploaded as part of a series of song covers and monologues. The video had around 23 views before it was removed-- few will remember it existed at all.  

= **<<Begin Log>>** 

*<A hand is moved from in front of the camera. A girl sits at her desk, leaning forward and muttering to herself. After a moment, she leans back and smiles.>* 

**???:** Hello, everyone! My name is [DATA CORRUPTED], a rising senior at Kendale Lakes High, and this is my last video before auditions. <She sighs.> Now, I was talking with Ms. Rickers, and she could tell I was… nervous.

*<She laughs awkwardly.>*

**???:** I mean, how could I not be; senior year and the best I've done is ensemble. This is the only chance I have left to show everyone how hard I've been working. *<She clears her throat.>* Anyways, she gave me this--

*<She holds SCP-7608 up to the camera.>*

**???:** — she said it would help guide me, said she used it when she was the star of her high school's show which, don't get her started on. I barely made the bus in time; she would have told me about every single scene if I didn't stop her.

*<A pause.>*

**???:** But time goes on; she had her chance, so now it's my turn to be remembered.

*<She sets SCP-7608 on the desk and presses 'play'. After a moment, it creaks and whirs, before softening to a crackling noise.>*

**SCP-7608:** Repeat after me.

**???:** Alright! *<A pause.>* Oh, my bad. *Repeat after me.*

**SCP-7608:** Who am I?

**???:** [DATA CORRUPTED].

*<SCP-7608 goes silent, the soft, steady sound of snare drums is heard. [DATA CORRUPTED] shakes her head. Her pupils dilate, and the music stops.>* 

**???:** Who am I?

**SCP-7608:** When the year has ended, where will I remain in their memories?

**???:** […]

**SCP-7608:** A name in ink in a yearbook? An example of a shining student in class or theater? Or will I leave entirely without making a wave?

**???:** Guys, isn't this so—

**SCP-7608:** I said. Repeat. After. Me. Again.

*<She tenses her shoulders and looks into the camera.>*

???: […]

**SCP-7608:** When these halls empty in May, fleeting friends and teachers gone, what will be left to see?

**???:** […] (Whispering) Geez, what a bummer. 

**SCP-7608:** There will be nothing worth seeing, for you never saw what you had.

**???:** […]

*<The camera glitches; when the picture returns, [DATA CORRUPTED]'s eyes are blurred. She does not react.>*

**SCP-7608:** When the encore ends, faceless audience clapping, what will be left to say?

**???:** […]

**SCP-7608:** There will be nothing worth saying, for you have wasted your words and your time on a juvenile dream. 

*<The camera glitches; [DATA CORRUPTED]'s mouth is blurred. She does not react.>* 

**SCP-7608:** And under the flood lights, when the home team triumphs, and the band plays its victory tunes, what will be left to hear?

*<All ambient noise goes silent. An instrumental version of [https:*www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kne52cbPHho The Four Seasons' "December, 1963"] begins to play softly.>//

**SCP-7608:** Only then will *we* crowd the field, singing all at once in remembrance of the best night of our lives.

*<[DATA CORRUPTED] sways at her desk. The sound of casual conversation can be heard from the tape; voices talk about half time, the quarterback, seeing a movie in town. [DATA CORRUPTED]'s voice can be heard on the recording, rehearsing lines and warming up with scales. This goes on for approximately 4 minutes and 30 seconds until the song ends.>* 

**SCP-7608:** And we will live on in *your* memory forever more.

*<SCP-7608 goes silent as [DATA CORRUPTED] begins to cry. The recording continues for an additional 5 minutes before ending.>* 

= **<<End Log>>**

 

<< [SCP-7607](SCP-7607) | SCP-7608 | [SCP-7609](SCP-7609) >>

> **Filename:** 1024px-Panasonic_SL-S250C_with_Philips_LC0305_20110106.jpg

> **Author:** mk2010

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** [LINK](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Panasonic_SL-S250C_with_Philips_LC0305_20110106.jpg)
