⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains mentions of pregnancy complications, miscarriage, abortion, and body horror.

**Item #:** SCP-7758

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Prenatal care providers, abortion providers, crisis pregnancy centers, and OB/GYN emergency medical services throughout the United States of America are to be monitored for unplanned pregnancies and pregnancies diagnosed with fatal fetal anomalies.

In regions where there are minimal limitations placed upon abortion access, SCP-7758 manifestations are rare and typically self-contained by healthcare providers without Foundation intervention. 

In regions where legal limitations are placed upon abortion access that prevent termination in these cases, patients are to be monitored closely. At the first sign of SCP-7758 manifestation, SCP-7758-1 are to be contained in a standardized residential medical room retrofitted to accommodate prenatal and natal care and an explanation of an infectious disease preventing contact disseminated to those close to the instance of SCP-7758-1. After expiration of the subject, the remains are to be cremated before they are returned to the family. In the event of a live birth, a Foundation-appointed social worker will develop an individualized custody arrangement for the infant(s).

**Description:** SCP-7758 is a rapidly progressing calcification of tissue and affects pregnant individuals in the United States of America, designated SCP-7758-1.

| Time Span | Progression of Symptoms |
| --- | --- |
| Day 1 | SCP-7758-1 instances present with an intense feeling of dread, nausea, overall fatigue, and stiffening and soreness of muscles. These symptoms are often attributed to pregnancy. |
| Day 2-3 | Calcification begins in the shoulder and hip joints. Instances of SCP-7758-1 begin complaining of pain from excessive movement. Mobility in these joints begins to decrease by 10%. SCP-7758-1 instances begin relying more on their elbows and take shallower steps. |
| Day 3-7 | Calcification spreads to the elbow and knee joints. There is significant restraint placed on movement. Overall mobility decreases by 50%. Most instances of SCP-7758-1 seek emergency medical attention by this point. |
| Days 7-11 | Calcification spreads to the entirety of instances of SCP-7758-1's limbs. The remaining mobility is exclusively in the spine, head, and facial muscles. Instances of SCP-7758-1 become extremely distressed and frequently thrash and strain the muscles in their limbs, often leading to self-injury and in rare cases, miscarriage. |
| Days 11-15 | Calcification begins affecting the spine. Most instances of SCP-7758-1 become passive, however sudden outbursts of crying are still common. |
| Days 15-17 | Calcification of the facial tissues begins. Outbursts of crying continue but become more infrequent. |
| Days 17-19 | Full calcification of all muscle tissue apart from the organs and the soft tissues of the chest and abdomen is completed. Instances of SCP-7758-1 do not react to stimuli, but brain activity remains. |
| Days 19-21 | Calcification of the frontal lobe begins and spreads outward to the nearby grey matter. Brain tissue responsible for regulating breathing, hormones, and heart rate remain unaffected. No further anomalous affects develop until delivery or miscarriage. |
Complete brain death always occurs within 3 hours following either the delivery of the infant(s) or the expiration of the fetus(es).

Infants gestated by instances of SCP-7758-1 are non-anomalous, but the rate of death and disability is approximately 5 times higher than non-anomalous pregnancies. As they age, these infants have higher rates of developing severe clinical anxiety disorders, claustrophobia, delayed speech, and fearful-avoidant attachment even when the typical factors are not present.

The most significant factor for SCP-7758 manifestation is contact with crisis pregnancy centers followed by denial of abortion care.

**Addendum:** During a routine audit of electronic devices belonging to an SCP-7758-1 instance, designated SCP-7758-1(H843), a voicemail sent from a number associated with the Liberty Preborn Center on August 2nd 2025, 2 weeks before SCP-7758-1(H843) began presenting symptoms, was recovered.

> Morning, Mary. Gosh... What a beautiful name. This is Naomi from Liberty. 

> 

> I'm just calling to check in. You left so fast you forgot your ultrasound. We mailed it to the address you wrote down on the intake paperwork, along with some pamphlets. Our first priority is keeping your baby healthy, Mary, so we just wanted to make sure you weren't going to do anything too...

> 

> [The sound of paper rustling can be heard in the recording. There is a pause of roughly 30 seconds. A relieved sigh is heard.]

> 

> God is good.

> 

> He saved you from committing that sin against your baby. I just know that as soon as this baby is born, you'll never look back again.

> 

> You should pick out a name! Something biblical; just like yours.

> 

> [There is more rustling papers and another shorter pause.]

> 

> We'll be in touch again, alright? Remember that God loves you. You've got nothing to worry about, Mary. 

> 

> The LORD will fight for you; you need only to be still.

SCP-7758-1(H843) delivered a healthy 7lb 5oz male infant on March 22nd, 2025 at 12:14AM. Complete brain death occurred at 2:40AM. Both the infant and SCP-7758-1(H843)'s elder daughter were initially placed in the custody of the maternal grandmother but were transferred to a foster family following her admission to inpatient treatment for an acute mental health crisis. The children are to be brought twice weekly to the facility for visitation with their grandmother.

> **Filename:** Entbindungsbett.jpg

> **Author:**  	Arneb

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Entbindungsbett.jpg

<< [SCP-7757](SCP-7757) | SCP-7758 | [SCP-7759](SCP-7759) >>

=====

=====
