.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the thaumaturgic nature of SCP-7927, containment is currently impossible. All efforts are to be directed towards the investigation of former Obskurakorps and Allied Occult Initiative facilities and documentation in order to complete SCP-7927-1.

SCP-7927-1 is to be contained in an anomalous object storage locker in the Light Containment wing of Site-46. Access to SCP-7927-1 is restricted to members of the Departments of Thaumatological Studies and the Department of Antediluvian and Anomalous Civilizations. Research into the authors of SCP-7927-1, and SCP-7927 itself require the approval of the current project lead, Doctor Abaroa and a member of administration from either of the departments.

**Description:** SCP-7927 is a series of thaumaturgic rituals first performed by the *Thule Society*A German, esoteric society founded on the basis of German racial superiority with the primary objective of uncovering the 'aryan' origins of the German people. Aided the Obskurakorps in the Seventh Occult War. in the early 1930's with the sole objective of targeting political and civilian detractors, as well as marked, ethnic minorities. Recovered in December of 2007, the leather bound tome housing the ritual instructions shares the same metrics as a copy of the original Gutenberg Bible--assigned the designation of SCP-7927-1, though an incomplete, altered copy. Several additions have been made by the original owner, whose identity is denoted by a singular mark of '████'. Stapled notes, scrawled addenda, and a hollowed out section at where the Book of Malachi would be, now emptied. All encompass the disheveled and disorganized appearance of the book. The means to enact SCP-7927 are found solely in SCP-7927-1, as well as unobtainable subsequent notes.

The interior of the pages displays a mint condition, despite the apparent age. The text remains legible, with minimal damage to the parchment and leather themselves. This preservation can not be attributed to any known source, though examination of the books origins has led to all sources confirming its authenticity as among the original series print in 1455. Previous markings and underlined passages show a past of general religious adherence, though the instructions for SCP-7927 has rendered most of the internal books to be unreadable. Drawings, notes, and suggestions are used in margins, and within the text itself, with a presumed twenty different identifiable sets of handwriting used to mark the pages, notated as Authors **Α**, **Β**, **Γ**, **Δ**, etc.

Most notably is the inclusion of the; English, German, Cyrillic, Neo-Daevite, and Ämärangnä Both Neo-Daevite and Ämärangnä studies are still ongoing. Though the former script retains the *Denaskulo* classification, the practical application of Theurgic and Thaumaturgic intent concerning the Biblical contents is to be noted. Furthered research into Sarkic and Daevite influences on the Abrahamic Faiths is still in early stages of progression. languages. All instances of the antediluvian scripts reflect an innate understanding of the Thaumaturgic ritual embedded within SCP-7927-1, though the pieces and aspects of the ritual change based on the authors understood perception and understanding of the contents.

A full 92% of the modern annotations are merely speculative conjecture, based upon provided text from previous authors. The construction of the ritual is inherently built upon a series of Thaumaturges from a wide variety of Groups of InterestsThe Daeva and the Sarkic Cults. and national societiesNazi Germany's *The Thule Society* and *Ahnenerbe Obskurakorps*, as well as the Soviet Union's *GRU Division-P*.. 

The most recent author appear to belong to an agent of the *Serpent's Hand*, with accurate dating and numbered processes originating on December 24th, 1945. These latest Authors, **Τ** and **Σ** respectively, work congruently in uncovering a way permanently neutralize the spell, since authors **Ξ**, **Ο**, and **Π** cross reference secondary documentation not in Foundation containment at this time. Still, these latter authors appear to utilize information gleaned by the first half of the 'Usian' group to create a standardized 'counterspell' known as the *Nazarene*.

The contents of this counterspell as referenced in the final notations does not show up anywhere in SCP-7927-1. A number of references are made to assets within the Wanderers Library, as well as a number of locations across the continental United States--primarily in Portland, Oregon, and Portland, Maine. 

| Designator |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = **Α** | < Classical ink, blend of ferrous sulfate, gall, gum, and water. Prevalent smears, blurs, and chips. Damaged, mostly illegible. |
| = **Β** | < Iron gall ink, with traces of linseed and walnut oils. Discoloration and corrosion where used, deteriorated quality of text. Varying size of quill strokes. Messy, splotches and dripped ink across pages. |
| = **Γ** | < Aqueous, carbon and oil-based ink as the original press ink of the Gutenberg Bible. Watered down to be usable with an antiquated quill pen. |
| = **Δ** | < Iron gall ink, traces of saffron. Flaky, heavier degradation. Poor bondage. Taller stems, swooping literation with a wider boldness. |
| = **Ε** | < Iron gall ink, traces of saffron. Similar to author **Δ**. Poor baseline maintenance, and shorter stems in script. |

| Designation |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = **Ζ** | < Blood based ink, traces of citric acid. Inherently bound to the page. Perfectly preserved, unidentifiable bioplastic compound. Neatly scrawled, written in a dialect of Cyrillic prior to the Civil Script Reform in early 18th century. |
| = **Η** | < Iron gall ink, traces of carbon. Primarily contributing inferences and conjecture to previous author. Appears infrequently. Neat script, with a near identical format to author **Ζ**. |
| = **Θ** | < Blood based ink, traces of citric acid. Notably memetic properties, no known adverse effects. Sections housing script penned by author **Θ** is prohibited without a prerequisite MARS Score. |

| Designation |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = **Ι** | < Iron gall ink, marked decline in concentrated iron gall. Traces of oil compounds. Modern Cyrillic Script. **Ι** author dates every report. First entry dated 1878, and the final entry is dated 1889. Several named persons are mentioned, though all names are unable to corroborated by present day Russian records. |
| = **Κ** | < Iron gall ink, totally similar to author **Ι**. Belarusian Cyrillic script, short peaks, squat text. Refers to author **Θ** as originating from 'House Trendezsta'. No other reference or mention is made of 'House Trendezsta'. Has a tendency to date, but infrequently. First entry dated 1904. Last entry dated 1917. Mentions of Bolshevism follow. |
| = **Λ** | < Petroleum based ink, plastisol. AR-816 fountain pen, Soviet origin. Standardized Cyrillic, post-Shakhmatov Soviet Orthography reform. Neat, condensed font. Consistent usage of dates and references to Daeva and Deathless Empires. Primitive antediluvian understanding. |
| = **Μ** | < No ink used. Thaumaturgic application of Goetic runes, though Cyrillic text is applied in a similar fashion. These runes appear to form the very basis of SCP-7927, as cross-referenced with other SCP's of Daevite origin. Daily use of dating. First entry dated '*28 августа 1935 г*' (28.08.1935). Last entry dated '*02 апрель 1940 г*' (02.04/1940). |
| = **Ν** | < Petroleum based ink, plastisol. Soyuz fountain penNo note anywhere within SCP-7927-1 references any date beyond 1949. Investigation into pen origins is ongoing., Soviet origin. Standardized Cyrillic, though some notes are made in Ukrainian Cyrillic. Sloppy, barely legible, shaky penmanship. When legible, most notes reference Alchemical rituals and castings in reference to Thaumaturgic workings. First entry dated '*10.02.1941*'. Final entry dated '*05.11.1942*'. |

| Designation |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = **Ξ** | < *Pelikan* blue ink, "LY" dip pen, *Heintze & Blanckertz*. Thulian Mage, naming himself '*Axel Bauer*', notable Thaumaturge killed in action during the raid on Three Portlands. Often comments and attempts to recreate  author **Μ**'s work. Neat script, swooping and high stem style. In dialogue with authors **Ο** and **Π**. |
| = **Ο** | < *Pelikan* black ink, traces of gold. Ahnenerbe mage, though unnamed. Only comments after **Ξ** author, correcting perceived 'mistakes' in philosophy and form. Few marginal comments. Small, stocky font. |
| = **Π** | < *Pelikan* black ink, traces of gold. *Carter's* black ink, following later entries dated beyond '████████'. Entries dated before '████████' share critique with author **Ξ**. Personal margins mention references to the Daeva Empire, and Goetic runes. Refers to **Ξ** author as a friend. Goes on to work with authors **Ρ**, **Σ**, and **Τ**. Sloppier style, several ink splotches. First entry dated '████████'. Final entry dated '████████'. |

| Designation |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = **Ρ** | < *Waterman Pen Co.* black ink, *Waterman* #12 slip-cap eyedropper. FBI UIU Thaumaturge, marked as '*H.S.B.jr*', later identified Second Lieutenant Harold Smith Baker Jr, having been killed in action in Vietnam, 1968. Appears to be well-versed in early *GRU Division-P* doctrine and clerical stylization. Builds upon the work of authors **Ξ** and **Ο**, though towards a better understanding up creating a counterspell. English writer, neat font with emphasis on cursive text. |
| = **Σ** | < *Waterman Pen Co.* blue ink. Corps of Occult Affairs officer, named 'John Ackermann', apparently without rank. Works intently with authors **Π** and **Ρ**, constantly offering suggestions and 'brainstorms' new ideas. Appears to help author **Π** with English grammar and syntax. Neat writing style, with sporadic and unexplained usage of the French language. |
| = **Τ** | < *Waterman Pen Co.* blue ink. Goose feather quill. Serpent's Hand operative designated as '*Felix Neumann*', appearing to consistently work alongside authors **Π**, **Ρ**, and **Σ**. For whatever reason, appears to constantly debate author **Π**, half of the Book of Titus is an intense argument concerning the academic understanding of Daeva Thaumaturgy. This argument ends with a number of expletives apparently written on separate dates. Cross-examination with MTF Σ-3 Agent Neumann is currently ongoing. First to reference the name '*The Nazarene*'. Exceptional stylization and adherence to English cursive. |
| = **Υ** | < 1955 *BIC Cristal* ink and pen. The last of the authors, finalizes the Goetic runes and ritual to craft the counterspell engineered by authors, **Π**, **Ρ**, **Τ**, and **Σ**. No name is assigned to the author, but a symbol 'Yggdrasil' mark is made with what appears to be a crimping tool. Several parts of the final ritual for the counterspell are inscribed in the margins of the Letters to the Churches, though appears rudimentary at best. No effort by Foundation staff has attempted to gather the remaining sections to rectify, or even attempt the completed counterspell. The last line of the final part references a 'sound theory', implying that the counterspell has never been attempted. Average penmanship, with neat stems, weaker emphasis on grammar. |

---

**Addendum 7927-01:** The attached documentation was recovered through the efforts of PoI-3034-01, following a GRU Division-P raid on a Serpents Hand facility in Potsdam, East Germany. Subsequent events in East Berlin would allow the documentation to pass into the hands of Foundation agents. However, due to the anomalous subject matter discussed within the documentation, a heightened clearance level has been assigned.

Addendum 7927-01 is the contents of the diary of General George S. Patton of the United States Army during his time in World War Two. The starting date of this particular entries begin in late May, 1944, and end abruptly with his death in December, 1945. Interviews with PoI-3034-01 denotes an annotated version drafted by secondary sources, causing concerns of validity. Regardless, information provided within the diary pages are cross referenced with a 'Tueton' and the former half of the 'Usian' authors in SCP-7927-1.

The **Π**, **Ρ**, **Σ** authors both appear to work concurrently across the same time span of the months described in the pages of Addendum-7927-1. Both English and German are used consistently, though the latter exclusively from author **Π**. Despite the apparent time of operation, there is a wide array of entries spanning from the book of Psalms onward. A total of close to 1,200 entries had been made, with author **Π** accounting for nearly 20% of the listed annotations. The last entry of author **Π** appears in the book of Revelation, sighed off with the initials '████'. 

The work performed by these authors deride from collusion of former Obskurakorps members and  American forces stationed in Germany following the Second World War and the parallel Seventh Occult War. With *Operation: Overcast* mentioned even in regards to operations performed on the far side of the veil. It is to be inferred from the source material that a majority of the *Allied Occult Initiative* undertook similar projects following the wars end in Europe.

---

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The following documentation was annotated and categorized by Senior Researcher Juan P. Aguilar, Site-77 RAISA Translation and Cataloguing Division.

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

---

****May 10th, 1945****

{{Following dinner at XII Army Corps Headquarters.}}

{{Colonel Jeffery Chamberlain of XX Corps called in fiercely upset about detaining members of the SS fleeing west through the Czechoslovak barricades. Upset enough to require my attentions. Another General requesting formal surrender. Better us than the Russians, and I can't blame him. Half decent Europeans exposed to Mongolian barbarity, damnable shame. Had Chamberlain set up a ceremony in the village on the west end of Oberplatz. Stopping by before heading to Linz and Pilsen for camp inspections.}}

****May 11th, 1945****

{{Formal meeting with 'Standartenfuhrer' ███████ went well, though inappropriate of a General to accept the surrender of a Colonel equivalent or thereabouts. Gave Chamberlain a good talking to prior to the meeting, one insisted upon being private. I know now why Chamberlain paid them mind, and God above I'm nauseous thinking about it now. Were I to match the abilities of these men even with the whole 66th, I fear I would be sorely unfavored. Chamberlain and I sat at the table with six men; the Colonel, three junior officers, and two other gentleman now identified to me as men of the 'Thule Society'.}}

{{While the Nazis and their like are fierce adversaries, they lack little and less for being arrogant sons of bitches. A few too many smiles sat at the table for my liking, and I said as much at the start.}}

{{"General Patton. I wish to formally surrender to the United States of America, and the leading man of the Corps of Occult AffairsThe group of interest representing the Department of Defense and United States, later come to be known as Pentagram, following doctrine shift.."}}

{{I tell him I don't know what the hell he's talking about, which wipes off that shit eating grin of his. Regardless, I told him I would accept his surrender and navigate his men to centers to undergo the demilitarization Eisenhower has set up with the 'denazification' efforts. Looking at these gentlemen, I figured they were headed for the hangman soon as we yanked those party cards out of their pockets. All black uniforms and armbands, it didn't take a journalist to see these officers were the most outspoken demagogues of the Reich.}}

{{I don't dare write more than I should, not until I find out who these Occult Affairs agents are that seem to be subverting the Third Army's governorship in this ruined country.}}

****August 22nd, 1945No acknowledgement of this sudden jump is made, though entries have been found concerning the dates missed in the gap. No reference towards the aforementioned Corps of Occult Affairs or Obskurakorps members are made until now.****

{{Chamberlain has orders from General Joseph Hall. They have prepared a facility outside of Regensburg in an old Obskurakorps site. *Overcast* has done wonders for building up a corps of engineers and competent operatives. Hell, ████ has gathered quite the following, we've almost got a whole Division working night in day to get this damn ritual ready to go. All that's left is to have a sit down with Eisenhower and America to get them up to speed. Chamberlain has facilitated a marked rise in COA soldiers around Bavaria, and some parts of Austria.}}

{{"I am fully committed to the preparation for hostilities against the Soviet Union. The Allied Occult Coalition may not be ready for the unthinkable, but by God, *we* will be."}}

{{Moving. Chamberlain is a man cut from the cloth of American exceptionalism, and I have not let his courage and wisdom go unnoticed. America will hand him his stars, and I'll never be prouder to have a more capable officer at my side. In the coming days of fire, we will be forged like Christs own rods of iron before the blacksmith. The Russians have a hammer in their flag, but this isn't the Germans they're facing anymore. If they think they can beat us with what flies for 'strategy' out east, then this conflict won't be lasting long. By the end of the year, we'll have the means to push these animals back over their mountains.}}

{{We have much to contend with here and now, though, that more often than not monopolizes my attention. Under the guise of Eisenhower's denazification, I can move more manpower and material than I could have ever imagined. I don't doubt the Russians keep spies and reporters on our side of the Sumava.}}

{{████ and I have created a personal task force overseen by General Hall to ensure we can enact counter-espionage across the Bavarian zone. If those savages have any clue to what we're doing, they haven't acted on it yet. Then again, hanging Russians might be the final nail in this coffin. This coming war, I imagine, will be needing men of our caliber.}}

---

Conclusions drawn from the diaries and annotations by the colluding authors describe numerous breakthroughs in the expansion of the scope and applications of SCP-7927. While debate is apparent in the margins between the writers, it appears that their work produced a usable prototype. If SCP-7927 was used to any extent by the Corps of Occult Affairs, no reference is made to it in SCP-7927-1. However, annotations by each of the 'Teutons' authors hint and suggest at trials and experimentations logged in an unknown series of documented cases. Furthermore, the original trial by the 'Overseer', 'Sinew', and 'Bogatyr' authors are unlisted, but are confirmed by their writings in all stages of production.

The latter half of the 'Usian' authors **Τ** and **Υ** display a brief, although efficient, collaboration by Corps of Occult Affairs thaumatologists, and members of the Serpent's Hand. These authors appear a short time after the death of General George S. Patton, with the first inscription believed to be penned on January 1st, 1946, following the indention of the pen, and aging of the ink. While this can not be confirmed, it displays a rapid change of hands from the Corps of Occult Affairs and members of the Serpent's Hand. The early annotations of these latter 'Usian' authors reference the death of General Patton as *assassination*, and make no effort in concealing this from potential readers.

Authors **T** and **Y** disparage continued efforts to produce and refine SCP-7927 on numerous occasions, primarily in the books of Romans and Acts, where their annotations become focused on producing *'The Nazarene'*, the working name of the counter-spell the two appear to create. Whatever their intentions, it is not noted whether or not the counter-spell enforces any lasting permanence to destroying SCP-7927 as a persistent ritual or working, though tremendous effort is undertaken to prevent and disrupt potential castings by any supposed party to follow.

The intentions of the *Serpent's Hand* are primarily revealed in Addendum 7927-2, with no further annotations made by COA agents. Intense study was afforded to the 'Overseer' and 'Sinew' authors, with less effort afforded into the work of the 'Bogatyr' and 'Teutons' authors. An interview with POI-3034-01 allows for wider insight into the objectives of all groups, despite a general misunderstood notion of thaumaturgy.

---

**Addendum 7927-2**: 

<details>
<summary>Access Interview Log - POI-3034-01</summary>

> **Interviewed:** POI-3034-01, Casimir Epureanu

> 

> **Interviewer:** Chief Advisor Liam Johnston, Secretary to the Office of O5-09

> 

> **Foreword:** The interviewed and interviewer are overtly familiar with one another, with references to [Operation: ██████ █████](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/sedition) and other shared experiences. The Interviewer and Interviewee are shortened to **CLJ** and **LCE** respectively.

> 

> **<Begin Log, [ 12:02:43 - 1968/07/02 ]>**

> 

> **CLJ:** Log begins. It's July 2nd, 1968, just a few minutes past noon. I am Chief Advisor Liam Johnston, at the behest of **[REDACTED]**. Being interviewed, is POI-3034-01, Lieutenant Casimir Epureanu. Please ah, please state your name and affiliation for the record.

> 

> **LCE:** Casimir Epureanu, and uh, unaffiliated, I suppose.

> 

> **There is a pervasive silence for around 7 seconds, before laughter is heard. Both parties engage in a brief handshake before the interview continues.**

> 

> **CLJ:** Jesus, Cas, I can't tell you what it means to see your face after all this time! They told me you had made moves in France, but I couldn't believe it! All this time, I thought you hadn't made it out--*thousands* of miles west, and *I* thought it was hard making it to Sakhalin. 

> 

> **LCE:** It's still a blur to me now, just how it felt back then. I am glad to see you made it out safe, thank God. I never thought it would come to all of *this*.

> 

> **CLJ:** I didn't either. I didn't think we'd still be hanging on, but somehow here we are. Not the hardest trip you've ever made, huh?

> 

> **LCE:** Ha. No, but it's been difficult all the same. I had no clue who to turn to, and I had no idea that you were still alive.

> 

> **CLJ:** I'm even more surprised that I've held on this long. I always figured I had to keep going. Couldn't let...all of *that* be for nothing.

> 

> **LCE:** It has to be for something. What I carry should more than make up for those lost years.

> 

> **CLJ:** One more piece of the puzzle, I hear. Another clue to give it all some form of sense.

> 

> **LCE:** If only we were so lucky. It's piecemeal, but this is a big find nevertheless. Lucky that it was I that found it before the Soviets did.

> 

> **CLJ:** I reckon so. Let me see it.

> 

> **LCE:** Here, it is an original copy of the Vulgate. Gutenberg print. The previous owners put an immense effort into the translation. I believe the Hand managed to do it.

> 

> **CLJ:** What, the book written in German--or was it Latin?

> 

> **LCE:** No, no I mean the freehand penmanship, all over both testaments. Some people, writers or mages or whatever, they've crafted some sort of ritual or casting in the side columns.

> 

> **CLJ:** Utilizing the contents of the bible? Some sort of Theurgy?

> 

> **LCE:** I'm not totally sure. It's really beyond me, and I couldn't get close enough to any of the cells thaumaturges to get an explanation. 

> 

> **CLJ:** You managed to embed in a cell of the Serpent's Hand long enough to steal all of this?

> 

> **LCE:** I was going to, but by whatever means, GRU agents launched a raid on the facility. I managed to snag whatever I could before they could counteract the wards in place.

> 

> **CLJ:** And once again you ducked the Soviets. Once wasn't enough?

> 

> **LCE:** Hardly my second time, Liam. I have enough friends across the Eastern Bloc to get me where I need to be. Old Whites, fifth columnists, political outcasts. Those sorts.

> 

> **CLJ:** Think they came looking for this book in particular?

> 

> **LCE:** I don't know. I doubt I could get close enough to the cells site in Warsaw again without tripping some sort of alarm along the way. I'm sure snuffing out more of the Libraries fanatics was enough to sate their bloodlust for the time being.

> 

> **CLJ:** Right. I'm seeing some Russian in here. German, some English. I can't place the other two--at least, I think it's two scripts.

> 

> **LCE:** The Germans were the last to have a hold on it before the Americans. After that, I think the Hand was performing some sort of test to neutralize it.

> 

> **CLJ:** The Germans, as in...

> 

> **LCE:** The Nazis, yes. Obskurakorps, as I understand it, working closely with that esoteric mage fraternity of theirs to create a usable variant of the ritual.

> 

> **CLJ:** I can't imagine they were going to use it for anything good.

> 

> **LCE:** No, the basis of the ritual works on something within the body. I'm no geneticist, so the science is lost on me, but it identifies and targets people who share a certain biological heritage. Ethnic, of course. I'm sure you can see where this is going.

> 

> **CLJ:** I get the gist of it. 

> 

> **LCE:** Right. Still, without the book, it's beyond Psychotronics' reach. Of course, you must understand that they held it before the Nazis did.

> 

> **CLJ:** And how did it come to change hands?

> 

> **LCE:** Well, it wasn't Psychotronics, but an Imperial branch of some anomalous organization. It had to be during the Civil War, or perhaps earlier, during the collapse of the eastern front.

> 

> **CLJ:** And I guess we don't know who *they* got it from?

> 

> **LCE:** The Whites? No, I haven't the faintest. The origins are totally unknown.

> 

> **CLJ:** This is certainly a lot to digest. Most of it being plenty of conjecture to sift through.

> 

> **LCE:** It was tough getting it out, much less deciphering what any of the writings mean. I'm not exactly fighting in your Foundations weight class when it comes to decryption and linguistics.

> 

> **CLJ:** Me neither. Thank God we have people for that.

> 

> **LCE:** Were it so easy.

> 

> **CLJ:** Yeah, no kidding. So, none of those Serpent's Hand fellas could tell you where it came from, but they *did* manage to translate the column annotations that I'm seeing here. None of those show any hint to an origin?

> 

> **LCE:** None that I overheard. I do, however, recall an open forum discussion on the writers. They used Greek letters to denote individuals, as well as gave headers to groups of similar interests. The forum was held outside of my authorized permissions, but I did manage to find a notarized document that had some of the discussion recorded. Something to do with a 'Scarlet King' or some such nonsense, and the flesh priests of Ion. 

> 

> **CLJ:** And you're sure of this? I don't doubt you, but I need your genuine confirmation.

> 

> **LCE:** Of course. Alongside the Russians and the people eaters, it appears some form of this ritual has existed since the original print of the volume. 

> 

> **CLJ:** Do you think the original intention has been preserved? The ritual, that is.

> 

> **LCE:** No, I doubt it. I can't imagine the Tzarist Mages having the same end goal as the Nazis, or even less so, the Americans. As far as I know now, it's just meant to wipe out [entire genomes](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/strange-bedfellows-bloody-sheets)--common genetic progenitors, or some bourgeois shit like that.

> 

> **CLJ:** Thank you, Cas, your candor is much appreciated.

> 

> **LCE:** Of course. Anything to keep the Soviets from having their hands on it.   

> 

> **<End Log, [ 12:06:53 - 1968/07/02 ]>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Short interview with POI-3034-01 produced context on numerous points of concern. Avenues of research and investigation on author groups and individual writers has commenced. POI-3034-01 has begun further work with the Department of Applied Intelligence to ascertain the location of any follow up documentation from any of the listed GOI's mentioned in the interview. Search and Seizure operations are to be conducted on numerous POI's with previous ties to the *Thule Society*, *Obskurakorps*, or the *Serpent's Hand*.

</details>

---

**Addendum 7927-2**: 

<details>
<summary>Access Video Log - Operation: Elmer Fudd - Saarbrücken, West Germany [ 1968/08/03 ]</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**1968/08/03:** 

**NOTE:** A raid on a brewery in the north side of Saarbrücken on POI-2921-07 'Felix Neumann', suspected artifact smuggler and Serpent's Hand operative. Spotted returning from a Prometheus Labs exhibition in West Berlin. Members of MTF Kappa-1 "Downtown Disaster" mobilized to respond, with adjacent support from members of the Department of Applied Intelligence. 

**Agents of Note**:

**K1-01** - Senior Operative James McAllister

**K1-02** - Operative Isidora Araujo

**K1-03** - Operative Nadia Amir

**K1-04** - Operative Amilcar Bernasconi

**DAI-01** - Field Agent Elijah Fischer

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**[K1-01]:** Operation begins. Time is 0431, squad picking up to move to AO. Set frequencies to Jack Benny down 7 point 5, and set up your vectors of fire. Oh-Three, get that passive scope up.

**[K1-03]:** It's on. Not seeing much past the main road, boss.

**[K1-01]:** Right. Oh-Three, set up in the ridgeline. Two, Four, and DAI, move forward in tight wedge. God knows what kind of countermeasures we're up against.

[ *The Squad moves across an empty road north of Saarbrücken, approaching a two story brick house a few hundred meters from the road. Lights are visible in the windows, even at the beginning of the driveway. K1-03 remains behind nearer to the road to provide overwatch and cover flanks.* ]

[ *K1-01 leads the wedge, his breath visible as they approach the house. A multitude of voices are audible behind the doors. K1-01 steps onto a stone porch, moving past a rocking chair to glance into the window. Several men and women are visible within, sat around a dining room table.* ]

**[K1-01]:** There's our man. We got Neumann, and about uh, nine others. Four male, six female. Lots of German being spoken in there. Fischer, switch.

[ *The two men switch places. Fischer is seen listening in, lips moving silently.* ]

**[DAI-01]:** They're talking about the War, sir. Tet Offensive, bloodied American noses, and something about Martin Luther King.

**[K1-04]:** The Civil Rights Activist?

**[DAI-01]:** Yes--Neumann is making some comment about class systems. I can't hear it clearly.

**[K1-01]:** Two, Four, set up entry method. DAI, keep a watch. Be ready to cover through that window. I'll take the right. Get ready.

[ *The team moves, barely visible, into their positions. Four sets up a line of detonating cord along the front door as Two keeps a weapon trained on the right.* ]

**[K1-04]:** It's set. We're green, sir.

**[K1-01]:** Kick it.

[ *The detonating cord flashes as it activates, exploding the door off its hinges. The audio corrupts from the blast, briefly scrambling the image. The video returns to standard quality as K1-01 secures the right side of a mudroom, leading into a kitchen. Behind him, screaming is heard as K1-02 and K1-04 secure the hostile elements in the ornate dining room. K1-01 begins clearing the house, sweeping the kitchen and moves on into the living room. Steps are heard coming down a stairwell to his left.* ]

**[K1-01]:** Stop! *Halt*! *Hände hoch, sofort*!

**[K1-04]:** Come here! *Auf die Knie*!

[ *A military aged male readies a handgun coming down the stairs, but K1-01 opens fire with his STEN MkIIS. The screen flashes, as blood erupts from the mans chest. He collapses, tumbling down the stairs. Screams are heard, followed by gunfire off screen.* ]

**[K1-01]:** Fuck! Four, what was that?

**[K1-04]:** God damn it! Sir, older male reached for my pistol. Two shot him.

**[K1-02]:** Don't fucking move. *Ruhig*! *Ruhig*!

**[K1-01]:** DAI, get in here! Secure the POI's. Four, with me. Three, anything?

[ *K1-01's perspective shows K1-01 approaching, blood spattered on his jacket. The two men share a brief look before double checking the dead male at the bottom of the steps. A moment later, K1-03 radios in.* ]

**[K1-03]:** Got a vehicle coming. Sedan of some sort, two occupants.

**[K1-02]:** We've got Neumann, One, he's bagged.

**[K1-01]:** Keep him that way. Subdue the rest. Let's roll, Four.

**[K1-04]:** Right behind you.

[ *K1-01 leads the way up the stairwell into a straight hallway with doorways in each direction. Shouting can be heard below as K1-02 and the Field Agent incapacitate the rest of the civilians. K1-01 moves left, moving to the left most door.* ]

**[K1-01]:** Stay close, watch your section, alright, Ami?

**[K1-04]:** Yes, sir. I'm ready.

[ *K1-01 and K1-04 breach the room. Seems to be a rustic bedroom, nobody inside. They move onto the next one, finding a master bedroom. K1-01 finds an open secretary, uncovering a suitcase and several stacks of papers.* ]

**[K1-01]:** Watch the door.

**[K1-04]:** On it.

[ *K1-01 manages to retrieve documents 7927-1AA to 7927-1ZV. Further files in the suitcase would be later designated Documents 7927-2A and 7927-2B. Footsteps can be heard across the wood. K1-01 turns sharply, readying his rifle. The video stutters as K1-04 opens fire. There is a distant scream as K1-04 steps out into the hallway. Another shot is heard, and K1-04 is struck, hitting the ground.* ]

**[K1-01]:** Amilcar, God damn it!

[ *K1-01 moves toward the door, turning his weapon to the left, shooting four times through the wood before an unseen target cries out. He presses out the door, levelling his weapon on the fallen woman. K1-01 steps past the writhing K1-04, who can be heard groaning as K1-01 puts two last rounds into the fallen woman's head. Another armed civilian lies dead as well. A male, military aged.* ]

**[K1-01]:** Amilcar, can you fix yourself?

**[K1-04]:** I can try, sir.

[ *K1-01 keeps moving through the rest of the rooms, clearing the floor before returning to K1-04. At the same time, the radio crackles again.* ]

**[K1-03]:** Sedans parked, sir. Two women are exiting the vehicle. Armed.

**[K1-01]:** Four's hit. Handle it, Three.

[ *There is no reply. K1-01 picks up first aid on K1-04. Field Agent Fischer calls out before running up the steps.* ]

**[DAI-01]:** Jesus, is he okay?

**[K1-04]:** Could be better.

**[k1-01]:** He's fine. Found some intel. Did you handle things downstairs?

**[DAI-01]:** Yeah, it's a slumber party down there. Anything useful?

[ *K1-01 hands off the gathered intelligence within the suitcase. He then leans down, helping K1-04 to his feet after a morphine injection.* ]

**[K1-01]:** I didn't check, it's all yours. Help me with him, would you?

**[DAI-01]:** Gotcha.

**[K1-01]:** Here on the bed is fine. Keep his head elevated.

[ *K1-01 and DAI-01 aid K1-04 onto the bed. Shortly thereafter, K1-01 double checks his triage on K1-04 while DAI-01 skims the intelligence, taking photos occasionally.* ]

**[DAI-01]:** Not a bad haul, One.

**[K1-01]:** I should fucking hope so. Not often the DAI pays off.

**[DAI-01]:** We work with what we have. The Soviets have us all... by the balls...

[ *K1-01 turns, staring at DAI-01's back. He appears to be intently reading a written letter.* ]

**[K1-01]:** Something I should care about? Three, find us extraction. Bring the truck around and be quick about it.

**[K1-03]:** Yes, sir. Be there in 5.

**[DAI-01]:** Get Neumann prepped for interrogation. Now. I need to corroborate this. Neumann has intel on Pentagram and Patton. The Hand had a part in it.

**[K1-01]:** Patton? He died in what, Bavaria I think? I saw him once in Sicily.

**[DAI-01]:** Neumann has letters from some guy called Colonel Chamberlain. That's a big POI working with the PWC--why is the Hand working with the Yanks?

**[K1-01]:** Not my prerogative, DAI. Get your shit and help me move Four. Get your boys in here to liquidate this fucking shithole.

**[DAI-01]:** Is Three almost here?

**[K1-01]:** Not soon enough, now get your ass over here.

---

[END LOG]

*Log ends. Interviews following the Operation clarify the capture of all Persons of Interest, inflicting heavy damage to the structural integrity of the localized Baden Cell. POI-2921-07's home was burned down, leaving the dead for local authorities to collect. Recovery of documentation and 'Felix Neumann' corroborated intelligence gathered in raid. Further investigation into the death of General George S. Patton has been initiated.*

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

Good evening, gentlemen.

Can't say I'm rightly surprised, ████, seems you've made quite the name for yourself. Thank you, Mister Johnston, for the introduction. I'm surprised he hasn't told you. O5-09 and I have worked together before, and I never expected to see us working together again. When I learned you were from California, Johnston, I found myself suitably entertained. A joke I am afraid you will not be made privy to, unless ████ is feeling generous.

His sense of humor is a bit of a car wreck.

If you ever use my name in a net-mail message like this again, Felix, it will be the last time. What happened between us and General Patton is for the Americans to disclose as they please. The oaths made that day persist even now. I doubt either of us would care to have our names used in light of those events.

Johnston, blacklist this fucker from every ARPANET server we have before I have him hanged again.

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7926 SCP-7926] | SCP-7927 | [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7928 SCP-7928] >>

> Filename: General_George_S_Patton.jpg

> Name: The General Patton

> Author: Keystone Paris 

> License: Public Domain

> Source Link: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:General_George_S_Patton.jpg

> 

> Filename: gutenberg1.jpg

> Name: Gutenberg Bible

> Author: Guttenberg, Johann

> License: Free Use

> Source Link: https://www.loc.gov/exhibits/bibles/interactives/gutenberg/index.html

> **Filename:** Profile_Silhouette_02.svg

> **Name:** Profile Silhouette 02

> **Author:** Mcbdixon

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Profile_Silhouette_02.svg](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Profile_Silhouette_02.svg))]
