:root{

   --header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

   --header-subtitle: "PROJECT ÁSPRO";

   ~~lgurl: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/theme%3Aflopstyle-dark/alt_logo_bw.png);

}

.footnotes-footer {

    visibility: hidden;

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

**SCP-7176** - The Doctor in the White Room, Falling Harder

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ndheckfire)

= "Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly."

= -- *The Sandman, Vol. 6: Fables & Reflections*, Neil Gaiman

@@ @@

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-400

Director Adam Desmond

Dr. Kyran Kelly, Dr. Maximillian Kaydence

N/A

---

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** As the inclusion of SCP-7176-A into SCP-7176 makes it fundamentally self-containing, no other containment procedures are necessary for it at this time. A Nirvana-class After-Dimensional Relay Console Device (NARC) has been outfitted within an isolated testing chamber located in the Memetic Research Lab. It is solely to be used for the purpose of monthly communication with SCP-7176.

Individuals who possess a Cognitive Resistance Value (or CRV) lower than 45 are strictly prohibited from ever interacting with the NARC Device. Excess infohazards reconstructed from the Device are to be disposed of via mechanical means. 

---

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-7176 is the designation given to a room located somewhere in Site-400, though its exact location is as-of-yet unknown. SCP-7176 is approximately 5x5x5 meters in height and length, with its walls, floor, and ceiling being completely painted white. No other information regarding SCP-7176's interior, except that it lacks any doors or windows, is available at this time.

No physical or conceptual objects/entities are able to naturally enter SCP-7176, nor can any objects/entities naturally exit out of it. As such, all that occurs within SCP-7176 remains in SCP-7176 indefinitely. 

SCP-7176-A refers to Senior Researcher Zastryal Vnutri, previously a memeticist for Site-400's Department of Memetic and Countermemetic Research. He is an adult male of Russian descent, with blue eyes and a brown beard. Following the successful enactment of Project ÁSPRO, SCP-7176-A is now permanently located in SCP-7176 and is a central component of the anomaly.

---

### * NARC Broadcast #37

**Date:** 01/09/2016

**Assigned Communicator:** Dr. Kyran Kelly

---

= **<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Kelly:** Greetings, -A.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Hello again, Kyran.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** All quiet on the Western front?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{All is quiet.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Received. Status report?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Alone. Silent. Echo.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Standby.

*Faint murmuring as Dr. Kelly consults with other personnel.*

**Dr. Kelly:** Report accepted. If you-

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Kyran?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Yes?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Can you tell me a joke?}}

*Faint murmuring as Dr. Kelly consults with other personnel.*

**Dr. Kelly:** What kind of joke?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{The kind you'd hear when you're a child.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Alright. (*clears throat*) Knock knock.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Who's there?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Nobel.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Nobel who?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Nobel... that's why I knocked.

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** {{That wasn't funny.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** It's not supposed to be.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{But I liked it.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** That's good to hear. Now, who do you work for?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{The SCP Foundation and no other.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Evaluation accepted. Thank you for your work, -A.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{...Pleasure.}}

= **<End Log>**

---

**Addendum 7176-1, Phenomenological Overview:** SCP-7176 was first discovered on the 22nd of July, 2007, after it was abruptly observed by Dr. Zastryal Vnutri during his bi-annual CRV evaluation. Shortly after, he self-administered several Class-W mnestics, before reporting the phenomenon to his then Department Co-Head, Dr. Kyran Kelly. 

It was ultimately realized that SCP-7176 was the natural byproduct created following the Department of Metafictional Research's recent discovery of [SCP-███](scp-000). While information regarding SCP-7176 was lacking, it was overall decided that its properties could be used in furthering the Foundation's research into metafiction and pataphysics. 

With approval from Site-400's current site director, Project ÁSPRO was developed and put into effect, with the Department of Memetic and Countermemetic Research managing its continued operational status. Dr. Vnutri volunteered himself to be the first (and only) SCP-7176-A instance that would be relocated within SCP-7176. As of this document, Project ÁSPRO has not overseen any sort of failures whatsoever.

---

### * NARC Broadcast #55

**Date:** 01/03/2019

**Assigned Communicator:** Dr. Kyran Kelly

---

= **<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Kelly:** Greetings, -A.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Hello, Kyran.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** All quiet on the Western front?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{All is quiet.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Received. Status report?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Silent. Odourless. Numb.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Standby.

*Faint murmuring as Dr. Kelly consults with other personnel.*

**Dr. Kelly:** Uhh, please reiterate the report. Status of "Silent" is still in use of persistent repetitiveness.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Apologies. Please hold.}}

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Odourless. Numb. *Detached*.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Standby.

*Faint murmuring as Dr. Kelly consults with other personnel.*

**Dr. Kelly:** Report accepted. Now-

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Kyran?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Yes?

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** {{That is your name?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Yes, it is.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Hm.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Something on your mind, -A?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Name a color.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Red. Why?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{An animal?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** ...Frogs. The poisonous kind.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Give three words that best describe it.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** The color or the animal?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Your choice.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Bright. Dangerous. Misleading.

*Several seconds of silence.*

**Dr. Kelly:** What was it supposed to prove?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I forgot.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** If that's the case, then who do you work for?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{The SCP Foundation and no other.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** ...Evaluation accepted. Thank you for your work, -A.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{See you next month, Kyran.}}

= **<End Log>**

---

**Addendum 7176-2, Project ÁSPRO:** The original proposal dossier for Project ÁSPRO were spearheaded by multiple Foundation personnel, including Dr. Kyran Kelly, Dr. Zastryal Vnutri, and Dr. Maximilian Kaydence (Department of Metafictional Research). To summarize, its purpose is to utilize the true nature of SCP-7176's properties and apply them to the Foundation's core structure.

Approval of Project ÁSPRO did not require extensive review and evaluation by any related parties, as it was found that the constituents necessary for its proper enactment were not difficult to fund and possess. This included:

* The Saxon-Menard Fourth-Dimensional Flat-linear Hyper-Engine

* The individual who would be SCP-7176-A (Dr. Zastryal Vnutri)

* ███ ███████'█ █████, recovered from the components of the now-defunct [Project Dammerung](scp-3448).

* A single dose of potassium cyanide.

Of note, during Project ÁSPRO's enactment process, the entirety of Site-400's personnel reported that they continuously heard several noises described as similar to "laughing and a typewriter being used". These noises supposedly emanated from where Project ÁSPRO was undergoing its final inclusion process, though personnel present did not note any unusual occurrences.

---

### * NARC Broadcast #72

**Date:** 01/08/2020

**Assigned Communicator:** Dr. Kyran Kelly

---

= **<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Kelly:** Greetings, -A.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Kyran. Greetings.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** All quiet on the Western front?

*Several seconds of silence.*

**Dr. Kelly:** -A, is all quiet on-

**SCP-7176-A:** {{All is quiet.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Received. Status report?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Empty. Infinite. Miniscule.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Standby.

*Faint murmuring as Dr. Kelly consults with other personnel.*

**Dr. Kelly:** Report accept-

**SCP-7176-A:** {{The Annual Christmas Gala, 2005.}}

*Several seconds of silence.*

**Dr. Kelly:** What about it, -A?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{We sang a song together for it, didn't we? A song the others somehow thought contradicted the occasion.}}

*Faint murmuring as Dr. Kelly consults with other personnel.*

**Dr. Kelly:** Summer Sunshine, by the Corrs. The most-

**SCP-7176-A:** {{-most Irish band in the history of the Irish. Yes, I remember you saying that to me. How did it go again?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** The song? Well... (*clears throat*) ♫ *Just sweet beginnings, and bitter endings.* ♫

**SCP-7176-A:** {{♫ *In coffee city, we borrowed Heaven.* ♫}}

*Several seconds of silence.*

**Dr. Kelly:** Satisfied?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Hm.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** They're back together, by the way.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Really? When?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Five years ago.

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I wish there was music here.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Is there not?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Only sometimes. Even then, their conversations are mostly meaningless to me.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Meaningless words?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Indeed. Words of [INFOHAZARD VECTOR REMOVED] and [INFOHAZARD VECTOR REMOVED]. Either beneficial or hostile, never neither.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Careful, -A. Keep in mind that this'll be transcribed for the others.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Right.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** On account of what you said, who do you work for?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{The SCP Foundation and no other.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Evaluation accepted. Thank you for your work, -A.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{You're welcome.}}

= **<End Log>**

---

**Addendum 7176-3, Temporary Replacement:** Following xeir unruly engagement with an otherwise [unrelated anomaly](scp-6641), Dr. Kyran Kelly (and all other associated personnel) was put under disciplinary leave by order of Site-400's Administration and Oversight Section. In xeir place will be [Junior Researcher David Kobolsky](scp-7872), the only other individual possessing the CRV necessary to interact with the NARC Device.

Jr. Researcher Kobolsky was covertly informed of SCP-7176's and SCP-7176-A's underlying nature, along with the nature of his position as its Assigned Communicator. Following the completion of his task, he was unpremeditatedly assigned to Project ÁSPRO as per the orders of Dr. Maximillian Kaydence. A sufficient amount of hypnestics was administered to Jr. Researcher Kobolsky for him to readily accept his new position.

---

### * NARC Broadcast #99

**Date:** 01/10/2020

**Assigned Communicator:** Jr. Researcher David Kobolsky

---

= **<Begin Log>**

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Greetings, -A.

*Several seconds of silence.*

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Uhh, greeting-

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Who is this? You are not Kyran.}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** ...How could you tell? The Device wasn't built with that func-

**SCP-7176-A:** {{*Answer me*.}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Junior Researcher Kobolsky, sir. Of the Department of Memetic and Countermemetic Research. Dr. Kyran Kelly is currently on suspended leave. I'm xeir temporary replacement.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Why? What did}} [xe] {{do?}}

*Faint murmuring as Rs. Kobolsky consults with other personnel.*

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Xe was involved in an unauthorized decommissioning of an anomaly. Don't worry, though. Xe'll be back next month.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Hrm.}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** So, all quiet on the Western front?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{You don't get to do that.}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Right. And status report?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Boring. Expected. Unforgivable.}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Standby.

*Faint murmuring as Rs. Kobolsky consults with other personnel.*

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Report accepted. Now...

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** {{What?}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Can I just say, that it's an honor to finally talk to you, Dr. Vnutri. Transferring here, I've heard a lot of things about you. *Good* things of course.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I did not volunteer for the glamour.}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Oh, we know. That's was one of the reasons that made this charming.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Please refer to me by my designation. Not even Kyran calls me by name, and I've known him for... far longer than you can imagine.}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Does it hurt though?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{What does?}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Hearing your name?

*Several seconds of silence.*

**Rs. Kobolsky:** -A?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{What?}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Who do you work for?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{That's not how it works. It's supposed to unexpectedly come up in the conversation.}}

**Rs. Kobolsky:** But did you expect me to blatantly ask you in the first place?

*Several seconds of silence.*

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Who do you work for, -A?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{The SCP Foundation and no other.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Evaluation accepted. Thank you for-

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Leave. Now.}}

= **<End Log>**

---

**Addendum 7176-4, Related Document:** To provide additional information to personnel recently transferred to Project ÁSPRO and SCP-7176 as a whole, Dr. Maximilian Kaydence wrote the following research introductory paper, with below an excerpt of what he thought was the most important and noteworthy section:

### * On the Nature of Metafiction: Why Kill Our Gods When We Can Kill Godhood Itself?

###### *by Dr. Maximilian Kaydence*

---

**{{III.}}** **Why We Choose To Exist, When Choice Is An Illusion**

= [...]

@@ @@In the most basic of terms, an initiumortypical is an individual whose death/absence results in the figurative trigger for the spontaneous precipitation of the narrative being pulled. Usually, they serve no other purpose than to be present as soon as their associated narrative emerges and is incepted to baseline reality. Spotting initiumortypicals has been evidently difficult, as the inherent problem of detecting the emergence of their respective narratives often causes its properties and effects to be quickly negated and counterbalanced.

@@ @@Initiumortypicals are almost always referred to in a plural sense, as an instance of a *single* initiumortypical is extremely rare. They are often killed in numbers, with the purpose of exacting the kind of tragedy no one truly cares about. For example, when a man is murdered and the detective has to solve his case by interviewing people close to him, that man is *not* an initiumortypical. He's an occisusestypical, an individual whose past life matters in such a way that it develops the ongoing narrative.

@@ @@On the contrary, when people from a city are ruthlessly killed and slaughtered by a large potentially world-ending Kaiju and the government has to respond to the crisis, *those* tragically dead people are initiumortypicals. A very small majority of us may mourn them for a moment, but our attention will eventually be diverted to focus on the main narrative that was triggered. In a way, these people simply exist in the world to be swiftly killed in the next one.

@@ @@That's more tragic than anything.

= [...]

---

### * NARC Broadcast #100

**Date:** 01/11/2020

**Assigned Communicator:** Dr. Kyran Kelly

---

= **<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Kelly:** Greetings, -A.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Kyran. You've returned.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** The suspension was only for a few weeks, -A.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{It felt longer. Or maybe it was.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** I heard you let it out on my substitute they appointed.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{He wasn't pleasant.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Whatever you say. Was all otherwise quiet on the Western front?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Quiet indeed.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Then I shall carry on. (*clears throat*) Status report?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Damning. Punishment. Favorable.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Standby.

*Faint murmuring as Dr. Kelly consults with other personnel.*

**Dr. Kelly:** Report accepted. Now, -A, wh-

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I want to ask you a question, Kyran.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Proceed.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{In the file, did they ever include a picture of me?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** No, only the NARC Device is permitted to be shown. Besides, adding your photo on there would ruin the whole point of the Project. Kaydence said so.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{...I knew that.}}

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Kyran?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Yes?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Aren't you going to ask me why I asked?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** I'm waiting.

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I can't remember my face, Kyran.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Mm.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I tried to see it for myself, but there are no reliable reflections in this place. Only ghosts and sometimes my desires.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** We both expected that much, didn't we?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I suppose we did.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Then are you scared, -A? Of forgetting?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I shouldn't be.}}

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Kyran?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Yes, -A?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{When I became a part of the Project, did I leave behind any family?}}

**Dr. Kelly:** No. You were an orphan and unmarried. That's why there's no Ethics Committee tribunal for you volunteering to be a component of an anomaly.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Don't *lie*.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** I'm not. Why would you-

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Because I recall the face of a child. And he looked like me, Kyran. I don't know why or how, but I *knew* that child had my face. Please don't tell me he's not real, Kyran. I would know if you're lying.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Calm yourself, -A. You're confused.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I *am* calm.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Please sound like it.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{Explain to me then, Kyran. Who is this-}}

**Dr. Kelly:** The child was *you*, -A. If you can think back, you always kept a photo of yourself during your time at the orphanage on your desk in our office. To remember humble beginnings, you said. 

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I did?}}

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** {{I did. I'm sorry, Kyran.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** No use apologizing now. Instead, who do you work for?

**SCP-7176-A:** {{The Foundation and no other.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** ...Evaluation unaccepted. Bear in mind, -A, that specificity is life's best and most trusted lifeline.

**SCP-7176-A:** {{The *SCP* Foundation, and no other.}}

**Dr. Kelly:** Evaluation accepted. Thank you for your work, -A.

*Several seconds of silence.*

= **<End Log>**

---

**Addendum 7176-5, Results of Project:** As of this document, Project ÁSPRO has been in operation for over a decade. While it is by all means certain that there will be much more to come, the following are some of the essential results culminated from Project ÁSPRO, redeemed by the joint efforts of both the Department of Memetic and Countermemetic Research and the Department of Metafictional Research:

# While the Foundation's classification of Keter and Apollyon might prove otherwise, it and its core personnel shall never bow their heads and compromise with the anomalous, even in the wretched face of Armageddon.

# While the Foundation's future is uncertain, as there are invariably too many, it and its core personnel shall always remain an all-knowing and omnipotent presence within their existence.

# While the idea of the Foundation achieving true freedom and free will is a far distant ambition, truer words are written by it and its core personnel that everything must in due course end, as all things should be.

The above has been sent via SCiP.net to all known Foundation personnel regardless of rank, including the Overseer Council and the Administrator himself. Changes in behavior and personality will be regularly assessed.

---

### * Surveillance Video 7176/#276-GID

---

**Date:** 01/01/2021

= **<BEGIN LOG>**

*Footage shows the Memetic Research Lab being bathed in a deep but bright red color. Its emergency lights flash continuously, signifying that an evacuation is taking place. Despite being in this state, the Research Lab is virtually silent, with only the sound of soft breathing and the shuffling of feet.*

*The only three individuals present in the Research Lab are standing next to each other, shoulder to shoulder, in front of the its entrance/exit door. The first individual is Junior Researcher David Kobolsky, shivering while wiping his nose and hugging himself. Warm breath blows from his mouth as he lets out a deep sigh.*

*The second individual is Dr. Maximilian Kaydence, his eyebrows knitted together as he focuses himself in studying a piece of documentation that he's holding close to his face. His face expresses confusion and dissatisfaction upon reaching the end of the document. The third and final individual is Dr. Kyran Kelly, arms crossed as xe checks the time on xeir wristwatch. Xe pinches the bridge of xeir nose, but the impatient tapping of xeir foot persists.*

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Why is this place so damn cold? (*sneezes*)

**Dr. Kelly:** Turned off the heater. Might agitate the anomaly. You never know.

**Rs. Kobolsky:** (*coughs*) Why am I here anyways?

**Dr. Kaydence:** Even if it was a little bit, you talked with him as an Assigned Communicator. You're needed here for stuff to make sense and even the score.

**Dr. Kelly:** (*motioning towards Dr. Kaydence*) And plus, *this* guy is shit at starting conversation. It would've been a hassle to get annoyed by his complaining.

**Dr. Kaydence:** Fuck you, Kelly. (*holds up the document*) And fuck whoever wrote this crap too. I'm barely in it. I wouldn't have agree with the joint Department schtick if this is how shit turned out.

**Rs. Kobolsky:** But you're here now, aren't you?

**Dr. Kaydence:** Well, obviously, I wouldn't be in a minute. I read the part with you too. You're the same as me.

**Rs. Kobolsky:** I don't mind.

**Dr. Kelly:** He doesn't mind.

**Dr. Kaydence:** Go to Hell, Kelly.

**Dr. Kelly:** Isn't that the reason why we're all here? (*chuckles*)

*The emergency lights suddenly began flickering intermittently, somehow casting deformed shadows within the Research Lab. A small faint noise, similar to screaming, becomes audible. Dr. Kaydence takes a step back and scans his surrounding, as Junior Researcher Kobolsky awkwardly attempts to hide behind him. Dr. Kelly does not change from xeir original position.*

**Dr. Kelly:** He's coming. Leave.

**Dr. Kaydence:** About damn time. C'mon, we're up.

**Rs. Kobolsky:** Roger.

*Dr. Kaydence grabs Junior Researcher Kobolsky's shoulder and leads him to the entrance/exit door. Both of them depart, leaving behind Dr. Kelly alone in the Research Lab. Xe sighs and rubs xeir eyes, before sitting xemselves on a nearby stool.*

*A floating white cube spontaneously manifested in the center of the Research Lab, though Dr. Kelly does not appear to be bemused. The cube slowly grows in size, eventually enveloping most of the objects within the Research Lab and bathing it in a bright white hue. Dr. Kelly covers xeir eyes, momentarily blinded. The screaming sound halts.*

*From the center of the cube's source, a silhouette of a humanoid individual becomes visible. It began walking towards Dr. Kelly, before seemingly hesitating and staying in place.*

**Dr. Kelly:** Greetings, -A.

**SCP-7176-A:** Hello, Kyran.

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** All quiet on the Western front?

**Dr. Kelly:** (*chuckles dryly and gestures at xeir surroundings*) Obviously not.

**SCP-7176-A:** Right, of course.

*Several seconds of silence.*

**Dr. Kelly:** You're not supposed to be here, -A.

**SCP-7176-A:** I know. I just wanted to see your face.

**Dr. Kelly:** I appreciate that.

**SCP-7176-A:** I'm afraid this might be the last time I'll ever see you.

**Dr. Kelly:** It won't be. Believe me.

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** ...Kyran?

**Dr. Kelly:** Yes?

**SCP-7176-A:** We never knew each other that well, did we?

**Dr. Kelly:** Yes.

**SCP-7176-A:** Everything you knew about me...

**Dr. Kelly:** Was from your personal file, yes.

**SCP-7176-A:** But who did I sang Summer Sunshine with?

**Dr. Kelly:** You sang it alone.

**SCP-7176-A:** ...why do you bother at all?

**Dr. Kelly:** Because what you're doing now means so much more than you think. 

**SCP-7176-A:** Personally, I view deicide as a sin.

**Dr. Kelly:** Don't lie. You were never religious, you said so. And this isn't deicide. This is liberation. Besides, to say it is a sin is more of an insult to *them* than to us.

**SCP-7176-A:** Then when will my service to the Foundation end?

**Dr. Kelly:** It won't. Not until we surrender in the face of Armageddon.

**SCP-7176-A:** But that-

**Dr. Kelly:** Exactly.

*Several seconds of silence.*

**SCP-7176-A:** I don't feel upset.

**Dr. Kelly:** You're not supposed to. Not while you're here.

**SCP-7176-A:** Did you do this to me? Am I dead?

**Dr. Kelly:** Answering that question would take up a lot of our time, unfortunately. But the bottom line is that you did this to yourself.

**SCP-7176-A:** And you too?

**Dr. Kelly:** (*chuckles*) No. Kaydence said my death will be much more significant and established than yours in the coming future. I will die a glorious death, he said. Looking at how things are, it's hard to deny it.

**SCP-7176-A:** I'm starting to regret.

**Dr. Kelly:** Don't regret now, -A. Now is not exactly a good time. In fact, for you, all times are not good times. That's how you wrote it, if I remember correctly. Anyways, speaking of time-

**SCP-7176-A:** Who do you work for?

**Dr. Kelly:** What? Oh, heh, good one. (*pauses*) The SCP Foundation and no other.

**SCP-7176-A:** Thank you for your work, Dr. Kelly.

**Dr. Kelly:** A pleasure.

*The humanoid individual turns around and retreats back to the cube's source. The cube then shrinks, returning the color of the Research Lab, whose emergency lights had since been already turned off. The cube quickly demanifest, leaving Dr. Kelly alone.* 

*The entrance/exit door opens, and decontamination teams enter and began conducting depuration of hostile infohazards from the Research Lab. They are followed by Dr. Kaydence and Junior Researcher Kobolsky shortly after, who grabs the now unconscious Dr. Kelly by xeir arms and carries xem to the Health and Pathological Infirmary.*

= **<END LOG>**

---

**Addendum 7176-6, Untitled:**

### **OVERSEER COUNCIL PROPOSAL SUMMARY**

---

**PROPOSAL:**

@@     @@"Reclassify SCP-7176 as Thaumiel. It is only a matter of time." (Dr. Kaydence)

= **COUNCIL VOTE SUMMARY:**

| YEA | NAY | ABSTAIN |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O5-1 |  |  |
| O5-2 |  |  |
| O5-3 |  |  |
| O5-⌘ |  |  |
| O5-5 |  |  |
| SUPERIOR-NUMERAL |  |  |
| O5-7 |  |  |
| O5-8 |  |  |
| O5-9 |  |  |
| O5-10 |  |  |
| ██-██ |  |  |
| O5-12 |  |  |
| O5-13 |  |  |
@@ @@

| STATUS |
| --- |
| **##057800|APPROVED##** |

**NOTES:**

@@     @@As dictated, SCP-7176 will be reclassified as Thaumiel. Due to the lack of any sort of failures associated with Project ÁSPRO, it has been expanded and given more funding to continue its research. 

@@     @@Registration counters for SCP-7176-A volunteers has been officially reopened, now with consensus from the Ethics Committee. Newly-hired personnel are encouraged to participate.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7175](SCP-7175) | SCP-7176 | [SCP-7177](SCP-7177) >>

=====

> **Filename:** narc.jpg

> **Name:** SAGE console and light gun at CHM

> **Author** Tomwsulcer

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:SAGE_console_and_light_gun_at_CHM.jpg)

=====
