=====

=====

**CONTENT WARNINGS:**

- Gore and body horror including fingernails.

- Forced consumption of toxic substances.

**ITEM:** 7823

**OBJECT CLASS:** Keter

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:**

The bodies of the Apollo 11 crew are to remain immersed in vats of perchloric acid. The vats are to be sealed under an electromagnetic padlock. A series of idols to all known lunar gods are to be scattered randomly within the storage room. Additional idols to the goddess Hëna Of Albanian paganism.  are to be placed.

Every 11 months, the vat containing Buzz Aldrin is to be unsealed. A crucifix is to be dropped into it. At least 11 personnel must be present when the vat is unsealed, all are to be equipped with cyanide pills.

Should the vat containing Michael Collins cry or scream, personnel are to respond from words of comfort. Noises outside of the human vocal range are decoys, and should not be responded to.

All vocalizations from the vat containing Neil Armstrong are to be ignored.

Should any of the above policies be violated, the crew of the Apollo 11 will reanimate, and the events of SCP-7823 will repeat within the containment chamber.

**DESCRIPTION:**

SCP-7823 is an unknown altercation that occurred in the lunar lander while it was on Earth's moon. During this event, astronaut Neil Armstrong ceased to be human. Immediately after this, he was violently assaulted by his crewmates, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins.

Following Apollo 11's return to Earth, the conditions of the three men were found to be as follows:

Aldrin was found to have expired from petroleum poisoning. His jaw was dislocated and his facial tendons torn. Current theory posits that a pipe was shoved into his mouth, through which he was force fed rocket fuel It is unknown how Apollo-11 returned to Earth without this fuel. . This continued until he began prolonged emesis Vomiting. , which was sufficient to block the pipe. Eventually, his expulsion filled his nose, after which he suffocated. Following his death, a series of lacerations were made across his face and throat. Subsequently, 4 metal spikes of unknown origin Not present in Apollo 11's materials.  were used to crucify his body to the lander door.

Armstrong was found emaciated but alive. His spine was exposed following the gouging of his back 6 of Aldrin's fingernails were found inside Armstrong's back. It is likely they got stuck within the epidermis and were pulled out as Aldrin struggled. , and there were multiple bite marks on the spine itself. This severed the spinal column By all standards of modern anatomy, this should have been fatal. . Armstrong's skin had become pale and translucent Consistent with creatures adapted to lightless places. . Similarly, his fingers had become elongated, with his nails measuring an average of 11 centimeters. Additionally, Armstrong's stomach had become distended, and 11 pounds of assorted biomass was found inside This biomass consisted primarily of Michael Collins' skin. .

The exact trauma Michael Collins underwent is unknown. However, it was sufficient to incapacitate him, destroy much of his skin, and break his ribs and back. ~~Despite this, Collins remains mentally sound, and can carry conversation to date.~~ Collins' body has begun to transform in a similar manner to Armstrong's. While this transition remains incomplete, personnel are advised to be cautious while conversing.

At the exact time SCP-7823 occurred, a transmission from the lunar lander was made:

This image, taken automatically by the lander during liftoff, depicts an unknown figure attempting to breach the pod. At time of recording, all Apollo-11 crewmen were accounted for and sealed inside the craft.

<< [SCP-7822](SCP-7822) | SCP-7823 | [SCP-7824](SCP-7824) >>

> **Filename:** astronaut.png

> **Name:** Apollo_11_first_step.jpg

> **Author:** NASA

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Apollo_11_first_step.jpg
