**Item #:** SCP-7431

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7431, being spontaneous, cannot be systematically contained through the means available to the Foundation. Its containment must be carried out through identification and intervention in cases related to it. Any records or information that describes SCP-7431-1 must be censored/deleted. Records of a historical nature are considered of greater relevance and must be confiscated for study.

SCP-7431 victims must be immediately detained for interrogation and subsequent amnesticization. Depending on the level at which they were affected by the anomaly, the prescription of anxiolytics or psychiatric treatments is recommended for greater cooperation and a more efficient study of the anomaly.

**Description:** SCP-7431 is a phenomenon that occurs spontaneously and that, at the time of writing this article, has affected approximately 4% of the world's population. This phenomenon causes a sudden state of comatose and uninterrupted sleep in individuals who suffer from it. The duration of the process can vary from 20 minutes to 7 hours, and ends with the individual waking up due to natural causes.

This sleep state cannot be interrupted in any way through external factors and all attempts to interrupt this cycle have failed, including methods such as overexposure of the patient to various stimuli as well as the infliction of extreme pain. Approximately 78% of Recorded cases of SCP-7431 develop various anxiety and depression disorders in the time after the event, the most common being schizoid personality disorder and paranoid personality disorder as well as a tendency to self-flagellation.

SCP-7431-1 is a metaphysical escape attested by victims of SCP-7431.

All information regarding SCP-7431-1 comes from the various testimonies of SCP-7431 victims and from various historical records recovered mainly from European and pre-Columbian sources dating from between the 15th and 17th centuries. The possible relation with the anomaly remains under study.

The exact size, properties, origin, or functioning of this space is still under study. General information confirms the existence of a primarily humanoid sub-society, based on hierarchies, extremely hostile and highly volatile. Veneration towards violent ritualistic acts predominates as a cultural constant within this society, leading to acts of torture, excision, and devouring subjected to human individuals who arrive at SCP-7431-1 by its inhabitants.

SCP-7431-1 has a property that causes beings who arrive due to SCP-7431 to constantly regenerate their body matter and living tissue, making them virtually indestructible to any damage, or at least, preventing the possibility of death for any subject within the escape. This should be considered a negative factor, since the exposure of individuals to multiple methods of torture without the possibility of dying due to the injuries results in extreme emotional distress and the development of mental disorders in said individuals.  The flow of time within SCP-7431-1 also appears to be different from that of the base reality. Individuals who appear to have been in the effects of SCP-7431 for only a short period of time testify to having spent longer periods of time inside the escape. Being the longest time inside ever recorded, according to one subject, of 6 years.

Three relevant locations have been identified within the escape:

**Wasteland:** Considerably vast desert that extends for kilometers around the center of SCP-7431-1. It appears to be non-Euclidean in nature, and is normally saturated with humans in  perpetual starvation due to the lack of resources.

**Citadel:** Massive structure, similar to the Panopticon, a design ideated by Jeremy Bentham towards the end of the 18th century. It appears to be a center for the highest hierarchies within SCP-7431-1, and is where torture and punishment activities towards humans within the escape are carried out.

**Tower:** Structure that sits on top of the citadel. It contains, according to certain sources, an entity inside. No further information is available.

SCP-7431-2 is the collective designation for the multiple entities and beings that inhabit SCP-7431-1, whether native to it or not.

**Addendum 7431.1:** List of known SCP-7431-2 instances

**Designation:** SCP-7431-2-A

**Description:** Sentient humanoid entities that roam the wastelands of SCP-7431-1. Its anatomy is characterized by the absence of reproductive organs and any type of body orifice. Testimonies also affirm the absence of certain organs, limbs or other parts of the body. These absences seem to vary depending on the instance. The presence of a single eye of disproportionate size in relation to the size of the skull predominates in all instances.

Instances of SCP-7431-2-A move in groups, wandering aimlessly and erratically. Certain witnesses claim to have heard these entities producing vocalizations in different known languages, which are mostly described as short, unintelligible, or mere words without any relationship between them. 

These vocalizations have been recorded, based on various witnesses and translators, in Portuguese, Russian, English, Spanish, French, Guaraní, Aymara, German, and Mocovi.

**Designation:** SCP-7431-2-B

**Description:** Invertebrate creatures similar to river leeches, with a mass twice the size. They are described with human mouths and dentures. Being carnivorous, scavenger creatures, the younger instances feed on tunnels made in the flesh of the prey by the older instances, feeding mainly on fat and cartilage. Once they grow, their jaws finish developing, allowing them to tear and crush the meat effectively.

**Designation:** SCP-7431-2-C

**Description:** Decapitated heads, usually in groups, impaled on stakes around all of SCP-7431-1. Possessing the quality of regeneration of living tissue, they are constantly consumed by instances of SCP-7431-2-B, who will also form small colonies inside them. They are conscious and can communicate through an indeterminate psychic capacity.

Instances of SCP-7431-2-C will normally attempt to attract other humans through calls for help, screams of pain, or mere manipulation, persuading them to attempt to remove them from the stake on which they are impaled. The moment a human makes physical contact with any of these instances, he or she will automatically change places with it, becoming impaled while the previous instance awakens from the effects of SCP-7431.

**Relevant Encounter/s:** 

  **Jessica Maertens (19 years old)** is affected by SCP-7431 after deciding to take a short sleep on the afternoon of May 9, 2007. After arriving at SCP-7431-1, the subject overcomes the shock and decides to explore the wasteland. 

After some time, she encounters an instance of SCP-7431-2-C. The subject, as expected, reacts with desperation and fear. After realizing her presence, the instance begins to communicate with the subject, calming her and persuading her to come closer. At that moment, the instance tries to convince the subject to remove it from the stake, arguing that it is the only way it has to return to the real world. After considering it for a couple of minutes, the subject makes physical contact with the instance.

The subject replaces the instance, her body de-manifests and her head becomes impaled on the stake. After approximately a year and a half in that stateIt is believed that the individual was able to calculate this time using the day and night cycles within SCP-7431-1, already converted into a colony for 

SCP-7431-2-B, the subject spots a pre-adolescent boy exploring the surroundings. After persuading him to remove her from the stake in the same way, the boy makes physical contact and the subject wakes up in the real world, where barely 20 minutes had passed.

In a violent state of ecstasy, the subject runs to the kitchen of her home and attempts to impale 2 kitchen knives in her earsThis is believed to be due to physical trauma caused by SCP-7431-2-B. While being detained by her parents, who were present at home, the subject ends up hitting her head multiple times against a piece of furniture, and ends up being hospitalized.

Already admitted to the hospital, the subject would narrate her experience inside SCP-7431-1 to her psychologist, before commiting suicide on May 11, 2011.

**Designation:** SCP-7431-2-D

**Description:** Massive entity, with resemblance to a human fetus with notable malformations. It emits a powerful glow and is usually found anchored to the cornice of the citadel. Based on the collection of various testimonies, a cultural practice is reported in which SCP-74312-D is unmoored to wander, floating, above the wasteland for an indeterminate time, to then return and rest on the citadel again.

SCP-7431-2-D produces a powerful memetic effect when viewed directly, in which any individual who maintains eye contact for more than 5 seconds will suffer complete spontaneous combustion. Said fire is of an anomalous nature and cannot be extinguished by any means available within SCP-7431-1.

Although this effect would be considered fatal, since humans within the escape possess the quality of regeneration of living tissue, combustion in individuals usually occurs constantly and permanently until the state of sleep is abandoned.

**Relevant Encounter/s:**

**██████ ███████  (53-years-old)**,a 17th century French philosopher, would come into contact with SCP-7431-1 at an undetermined date and time. The subject would explore the wasteland for 4 days before witnessing SCP-7431-2-D and going into a combust state. It is theorized that the individual spent 8 months in that state before awakening from the effects of SCP-7431. The subject would end up drawing a representation of SCP-7431-2-D in his diary before publicly committing suicide in Place ██████████████

**Designation:** SCP-7431-2-E

**Description:** Race of humanoid beings native to SCP-7431-1. Described as being around two and a half meters in size. They have disproportionate strength despite having a muscular system similar to that of a human.

Extremely violent beings who are dedicated to the systematic torture of humans within the escape. They usually move through the wasteland in search of new subjects, to then transfer them to the citadel, where they subject them to various methods of torture both through the use of machinery within the structure or through the use of brute force.

**Relevant Encounter/s:**

**Nicolas Thompson (23 years old):** The subject fell asleep during a bus trip to his university on April 4, 2001. Being affected by SCP-7431, he manifests in the SCP-7431-1, in an area near the citadel, where he is quickly intercepted by 3 instances of SCP-7431-2-E. The subject is taken to an upper floor of the citadel, where he is chained and hung by his extremities while 2 instances of SCP-7431-2-E continuously punch his abdomen, which tears and recomposes with each blow. This process continues without any interruption for what the subject describes as "Months", until he awakens from the effects of SCP-7431. The subject has been amnested but continues to demonstrate symptoms of post-traumatic stress.

**Sophia Müller (31 years old)** On December 2, 1994, the subject falls under the effects of SCP-7431 in the night, at her home. The subject manifests in the wasteland, where she manages to evade 6 instances of SCP-7431-2-E that hunt her continuously for a week. Finally, the subject succumbs due to lack of food and is taken to the citadel. The subject is submerged in a chamber completely flooded with instances of SCP-7431-2-B during an indetermined, but long period of time. The subject wakes up 30 minutes after entering the sleep period, writes a note for her boyfriend detailing the experience, and commits suicide by [REDACTED]

**Román Casati (26 years old)** On January 2, 1989, the subject, who fell asleep during a party at a friend's house, is affected by SCP-7431 and appears inside the citadel, where he is quickly intercepted by an instance of SCP-7431-2-E, who goes on to squeeze him by the neck and lift him into the air. The instance begins a torture process in which it strangles the subject with his bare hands for two minutes, lets him breathe for 30 seconds, and then strangles him again, repeating the process. The subject describes the duration of the torture as "around two years", until he awakens from the effects of SCP-7431. After a suicide attempt, the subject is hospitalized. The subject has been amnesticized, but demonstrates symptoms of depressive disorder and masochist tendencies.

**Designation:** SCP-7431-2- ✶

**Description:** none

**Addendum 7431.2:** Interview

*I'm attaching the following archive. Seems relevant.*

-Gordon.

**ROUTINE CONTROL 7431**

---

**DATE:** [REDACTED]

**SUBJECT:** **17** - Nicolas Thompson (Male, 23)

Led by Doctor Neil Gordon

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**INTERVIEWER**: *Ok, Nicolas. How are you? How have you been feeling?*

**17**: *As always doctor, tired.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Haven't you slept well these days?*

**17**: *I can't really sleep. Sometimes I'm so tired that I just fall asleep in place. But I always wake up very stressed, very agitated. I feel restless.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *I see, so you still haven't been able to recover your usual sleep schedule?*

**17**: *Nah; Every night has been the same. I'm tired of rolling around on my mattress staring at the ceiling.*

*(Silence)*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Nicolas, you should know that you are safe with our professionals and that you can sleep peacefully. You are not in any danger.*

**17**: *It's easy for you to say.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Okay then.*

*(Silence)*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Alright. Did you stop taking Melatonin?*

**17**: *It only gives me more nightmares. I couldn't stop seeing the faces, woke up, wetted my bed. Covered in sweat. I stopped taking it.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Okay, let me write that down... You should have a talk with Doctor ████ about it.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Emotionally, do you feel better compared to our previous meetings?*

**17**: *I would feel better if I could rest.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *So, same as always?*

**17**: *Uh, i wanted to talk about something with you. Something i just remembered, it makes me focus on something else.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Okay, explain yourself.*

**17**: *I remembered an incident, from 2 or 3 years ago, a classmate-*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Yeah?*

**17**: *Well, I was in high school, one winter day.*

**17**: *Uh, we didn't have much to do. This girl was sleeping at her desk, in a corner-*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Wait one sec-*

*(Silence)*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Alright go on*

**17**: *Then, after like, half an hour, I don't know... this girl jumps up, screaming, totally hysterical. She started banging her head non-stop against her desk, fell to the floor and began biting her forearms.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Is this true Nicolas?*

**17**: *Yeah, Yeah. So in response they jumped and grabbed her, the girl was bleeding everywhere. She started shouting nonsense, "I don't have legs" "I can't feel my arms" things like that.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Okay. What happened next?*

**17**: *Well, uh, they took her to an ambulance. Over time, we learned that the girl had schizophrenia. She used to draw or- write weird things in her notebooks, supossed things that didn't happened yet. So she was hospitalized and we never saw her again.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Do you know where they admitted her?*

**17**: *I have no idea. We were never close.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Okay. And why are you telling me this?*

*(Silence)*

**17**: *Could it be that the she experienced the same thing i did?*

**INTERVIEWER**: *I couldn't say with certainty, Nicolas.*

**17**: *Uhm*

**INTERVIEWER**: *But thanks for the information, we'll take a look at her case, if it makes you feel better. Please, don't hide this type of stuff from us.*

 **INTERVIEWER**: *You can go back to your room if you want, we're done.*

**17**: *Wait- Doctor.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Yeah?*

**17**: *You said that if I didn't improve, they would try an experimental therapy on me.*

....

**17**: *But when exactly? I-*

**17**: *I just want sleep without being afraid.*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Soon enough.*

*(Silence)*

**INTERVIEWER**: *Oh, Nicolas.*

**17**: Yeah?

**INTERVIEWER**: *By any chance, who was the girl exactly?*

**17**: *Uhm, I think her name was Alice-*

**17**: *Alicia, sorry.*

*(Silence)*

**17**: *She was an exchange student. South American.*

[END LOG]

---

**NOTE:** *Subject 17 presents symptoms typical of lack of sleep; constant tiredness, anxiety, he has stopped eating and has lost a lot of weight, his eyes have become swollen, all accompanied by general discomfort. He still cannot, nor he wants, to fall asleep.*

 *However, it seems that he still can provide relevant information, we will wait a bit more before carrying out the amenstization. I only request more clean sheets, they ran out. Or maybe a functional washing machine on site, it's not that hard.*

 *I will request an appointment with the research team supervisor to handle the possibility of contacting this girl Alice.*

**Addendum 7431.3:** Exploration attempts

On ██/██/████, the SCP-7431 research team launched the ██████ project, with the goal of exploring and studying SCP-7431-1 in a controlled environment. For this, SCP-████, derived from the failed ████████ project, would be used.

On ██/██/████, a class D subject was implanted with SCP ████, and based on the notes of Argentine artist ████████ ██████ ████████████, a series of specific conditions were put in place to trigger the effects of SCP-7431 in the subject. Despite the time difference that divides our plane of reality from SCP-7431-1, the constant communication of the class D subject describing his experiences in real time based on specifications and orders previously given by project researchers would serve for a greater understanding of the anomaly. Said temporal difference did not allow a real-time exchange with the subject. Advanced recording and editing technology allowed the creation of an understandable record of the subject's experiences. The difference was 35 minutes in the base reality, and 4 hours within SCP-7431-1.

While the first exploration was considered a failure due to subject being captured by 2 instances of SCP-7431-2-E, at which point the individual's communication became purely erratic, the recovered material continues to be studied and will be taken taken into account for a second exploration already approved and scheduled for ██/██/████

The class D subject was amnesticized and is currently undergoing psychiatric treatment.

**EXPLORATION LOG**

---

**DATE:** ██/██/████

**TEAM:** D-21126

---

[BEGIN LOG]

[ *D-21126 regains consciousness within SCP-7431-1* ]

**D-21126**: Uhm-

**D-21126**: Yes, uh, i'm inside.

**D-21126**: It's, uh, like... a desert. It's not very hot in here but there's lots of sand so-

**D-21126**: I can see some branches in the distance, sticking out of the sand. I'll go check.

**[ *5 minutes from arrival* ]**

**D-21126**: So, these weren't- shit...

**D-21126**: Yeah, these were, uh, people. Arms, in the sand. I tried to remove one and it scratched me, but-

**D-21126**: I wanted to describe the scratch, you told me to report that kind of things but-

**D-21126**: No- I can't find the scratch, I don't see it. Maybe I imagined it?

**[ *26 minutes from arrival* ]**

**D-21126**: Uh, do you copy me? There are- there are things walking here. Are these the same ones you described? Let me get closer...

**D-21126**: Yes they are.

**SCP-7431-2-A**: *Est-Ce Que Tu Peux Me Voir?*

**D-21126**: What?

**SCP-7431-2-A**: *Je te vois.*

**D-21126**: He's talking in- Honestly i don't know what he's saying.

**D-21126**: So, uh, he has no arms, his skin is very pale, it's like, very dry...

**D-21126**: He's just, standing there, looking at me. You told me not to bother them, i think i'm going. There should be many more anyway, right?

**SCP-7431-2-A**: *Espèce de putain de cochon*

**D-21126**: He's still talking...

**SCP-7431-2-A**: *Enfoirée*

**D-21126**: Uh.

**[ *46 minutes from arrival* ]**

**D-21126**: Yes, I see something in the distance. I'm still far away, but it's like... a building, or a tower, but it looks old. It's... all white, it has a dome at the top, emerald green. This thing is huge.

**D-21126**: But there's also a- well- uh.. it's like..

**D-21126**: Yes, it's like a tower, it looks strange, crooked... but-

**D-21126**: It's like, if I concentrate I can see the details, but when I stop focusing, it fades away, like a mirage... Anyway. I won't get close, I'll move around it, like you guys told me.

**[ *1 Hour and 38 minutes from arrival* ]**

**D-21126**: It's starting to get dark. The sky...uh, there's no dusk, I mean, I don't see a sun setting anywhere. It's as if- the sky just turned off, to black. Before, the sky was white, like cloudy, although there are no clouds... now it's like, gray...

**[ 2 Hours and 25 minutes from arrival ]**

**D-21126**: So, I'm behind a rock, on a mound of sand. When it got dark, it was pitch black, no moon and no stars. I couldn't see my own nose and-

**D-21126**: I saw a glow in the distance and approached it. I'm seeing it now, it's people, uh, set on fire, shit-

**D-21126**: Yes, their whole bodies, set on fire.

**D-21126**: There are about 9, or 10... some of them are, well, running, screaming, there's one rolling on the floor, this one doesn't move- but this other one, uh, this one looks like he's dancing. It doesn't seem like he's in pain, it's just like a choreography, he seems very calm.

**D-21126**:..Fuck.

**[ 2 Hours and 43 minutes from arrival ]**

**D-21126**: Focus- Hello. Hello- Fuck, they-

**D-21126**: Those- ugly things, they found me. 

**D-21126**: Two of them, as soon as they saw me, they ran at full speed towards me, I couldn't even stop to breathe. They're almost like giants-

**D-21126**: I am hidden in a small sinkhole, almost like a cave. There are two more of these things, you know, the ones that can talk. They are standing still, looking at me, doing nothing. I'll try to stay here until they get tired of hunting me, if that at least happens.

**D-21126**: Am I supposed to be asleep? I'm fucking tired...

**[ 2 Hours and 58 minutes from arrival ]**

**SCP-7431-2-A (1)**: *Deine Angst ist unsinnig*

**D-21126**: So.. fuck- I've been thinking-

**SCP-7431-2-A (1)**: *Es ist nur ein kleiner Kratzer*

**D-21126**: It's a very big tower, up there. But there is one detail that- uhm-

**D-21126**: There's this small detail that I noticed while I was watching it. I'm not an idiot, I think there are things about this place that you guys didn't tell me.

**SCP-7431-2-A (2)**: *Huyeron desde el este para esconder este lugar entre las montañas. ¿Ahora vuelven arrastrándose? Son simples hipócritas. ¿Qué mas se puede esperar del vulgo?*

**D-21126**: The tower has a small decoration at the top. A little star, elongated, with 6 points. And I'm pretty sure I've seen it somewhere else.

**D-21126**: In the- uh- “Drawings”, which you showed me as a guide. I saw it a couple of times, like- a crown, or like a halo, i don't remember very well.

**D-21126**: Remember, like, a while ago? When I said there were no stars in the sky?

**SCP-7431-2-A (1)**: *Wenn ich das gewusst hätte, hätte ich mich in die Zitadelle gestürzt. Was für ein Privileg. Was für ein Privileg.*

**SCP-7431-2-A (1)**: Well, right now I'm looking at the sky, and- uh- I think I was wrong. There's one. It's the same, exact one. You guys should write that down somewhere.

[ *Pause* ]

**D-21126**: Anyway, maybe I'll get lucky. Maybe it won't be long until-

**SCP-7431-2-A (1)**: *Die Kameradschaft ist angekommen.*

**D-21126**: What? No-

[ *D-21126 is intercepted by the 2 instances of SCP-7431-2-E, who attack him. The pain caused by the attack added to the desperation of the moment makes communication erratic and unintelligible.* ]

**SCP-7431-2-A (2)**: Que Dios lo bendiga!

[END LOG]

**Addendum 7431.4:** Relevant Material

The following is a fragment from a letter written by the Bulgarian Esotericist Artyom. Said fragment presents a description of SCP-7431. Circa 1852.

*My dear Irina.*

*In my trips to the west, not the English west but the southern west, I was able to briefly coexist with the tribes who abound in the rocky mountain range that embraces Río de la Plata. Not very nice country, they use their farmers as hunting dogs against the Indigenous people, who hunt the farmers as well.*

 *But among all the barbarism, the mountain was a peaceful territory, although deadly cold. Thank God I was able to take my trusted translator to American soil to have a coherent introspection regarding a tribe who lived there. The group of, if I remember correctly, 60, or 70 villagers. They live in constant fear. More during the night. But it is not something that keeps them up at night because sleep itself is what terrifies them. They have cultivated a fruit, its origin or properties are a mystery to us. But it numbs the muscles and clouds the mind, without putting it to sleep. So they stay awake non-stop all day, every day. It is a curse that has plagued them for several generations. Not the generation that moved freely through the meadows, before the Spanish people, but before. Nor the generation that went through odysseys to reach the American continent, no, before.*

*They were fugitives, who lived without identity and without hands. There was no work, no virtue, only pure submission. The punishment of their children were the visions, the forced visits to their original realm. The dream is the window to the underlying, but this place is not a reflection of any kind but rather a physical dimension not accessible to the rest, with its own time and its own laws. Laws and laws. Natural and man-made. But they are not men. They are also afraid of the stars, they rest in cloth tents so as not to see the sky.*

*My dear, a Monarch is not a monarch without two things, material influence and psychic influence. He who lacks those two things will become an Ozimandias. Perhaps that abomination that moves through the heads of the innocent already haves said knowledge. It is not a dream that belongs to man, it is not an interpretation of our perspective, but a window. It is perhaps that thing that dreams of us, and molds us in the image and likeness of its fantasies, the dream of which we are its ideal subjects, to pray for the inmortality of it's Kingdom. So that it can survive through our memories, reliving the same barbarism cyclically.*

*Meanwhile, I m happy knowing that I can sleep in peace. Dream in peace.*

*I will see you in my dreams.*

 -Artyom

<details>
<summary>+Update 7431</summary>

*On ██/██/████, the Foundation made contact with the Westin Hills psychiatric hospital, located in ██████, with the objective of establishing contact with subject Alicia Duarte, 23 years old, who would have been hospitalized for 3 years and 6 months. However, the Foundation was notified of her disappearance, which had occurred 2 days before.*

*As seen in the security camera record, at 2:16 AM, Alicia would have fled, evading security, to finally jump out a window and run away, getting lost in the woods adjacent to the asylum facilities. After a subsequent search, only the girl's clothes were found, thrown inside a burrow in a secluded area of ​​the nearby forest.*

*Among the recovered materials, only a couple of meaningless writings of little relevance were found. Alicia Duarte, as of the date of writing this document, is still missing and being searched by local authorities. The recovery of a supposed document written by the subject is considered a high priority for the study of SCP-7431.*

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Relevant, recovered materials</summary>

.**"Casa"** (Date unknown)

---

</details>

<< [SCP-7430](SCP-7430) | SCP-7431 | [SCP-7432](SCP-7432) >>
