::marker {

    font-weight: bold;

}

.custom img {

    background-color: #eee;

}

:root {

    ~~logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-7706/Nrv99YJ.png);

    --title: "THE FOUNDATION";

    --subtitle: "ESOTERIC MATHEMATICS DEPT.";

}

.logo {

    filter: invert(1);

}

.custom2 img {

    filter: invert(1);

    background-color: #eee;

}

@media (max-width: 768px) {

    .small {

        font-size: 6px !important;

    }

}

.dblock {background-color: transparent !important; color: transparent; transition: color 6s;}

.dblock:hover {color: #ccc; transition: color 6s;}

**SCP-7706** - ZERO-FINITY

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

---

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES: Due to the nature of SCP-7706 being a natural constant in the Infosphere, there are currently no methods known to the Foundation for properly containing it. As such, containment efforts instead are to be focused on minimizing knowledge of SCP-7706's existence in various sites of interest such as institutions of academia, mathematics, statistics, and research laboratories. If one or more individual is discovered to have found SCP-7706 outside of the Foundation's purview, agents stationed within these locations are permitted to utilize methods of amnesticization, disinformation, data sabotage, and "gaslighting" in order to minimize the amount of factual data that is released to the public.

Research and experimentation relating to SCP-7706 are presently being headed by the Department of Esoteric Mathematics.

---

DESCRIPTION: SCP-7706 designates a natural metaphysical constant that primarily situates itself in the collective Infosphere, the non-visible realm of all existing information, data, and knowledge. SCP-7706 takes the form of a possibly infinite string of numbers, roughly defined as completely composed of zeroes (0), negative ones (-1), and negative decimals (notably -0.1, -0.001, -0.0001, and so on).

If SCP-7706 is applied to a singular concept, it is capable of directly affecting and influencing said concept in a physical (and possibly non-physical) manner. Throughout conducted testing and analysis, it was discovered that concepts applied with SCP-7706 would usually be rendered simply null (or nonexistent). Specifically, the concept can no longer be comprehended or interpreted by baseline human perception, often resulting in the concept developing an element of basic [antimemeticism](scp-055).

However, while this is the case for a majority of concepts tested by the Foundation, sole concepts relating to numbers and/or having a strong significance to numerical digits that was applied with SCP-7706 would produce more or less interesting and unpredictable outcomes. This would often come in the form of nearby mass deterioration, on-site reality degradation, temporal destabilization, psychological dilapidation, and undoubtedly more.

INITIAL DISCOVERY/INCIDENT LOG: SCP-7706 was first discovered in 1973, by [{{MEMETIC-HAZARD REMOVED | GENERATED PLACEHOLDER: ##blue|KEVIN MURPHY##}}], a desk accountant for the financial company known as [{{MEMETIC-HAZARD REMOVED | GENERATED PLACEHOLDER: ##blue|TOPLINE##}}]. Upon discovering it while calculating the sudden downturn of ##blue|{{TOPLINE}}##'s client numbers on his notepad, ##blue|{{KEVIN MURPHY}}## unknowingly applied SCP-7706 to the entirety of his company's financial assets, resulting in the spontaneous nonexistence of all three of ##blue|{{TOPLINE}}##'s office buildings, with everyone and everything within it (including ##blue|{{KEVIN MURPHY}}##).

Owing to the numerical nature of the incident, the Department of Esoteric Mathematics would immediately be dispatched to ascertain and possibly devise a method of containment for SCP-7706. When this was found to be impossible (see **CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES**), the Department would classify SCP-7706 as an anomaly and proceed with testing and experimentation.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

#### EXPERIMENTATION LOG:

@@ @@

**FOREWORD:** The following tests took place within Provisional Site-34.

---

= **EL-7706/1**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** [{{MEMETIC-HAZARD REMOVED | GENERATED PLACEHOLDER: ##blue|D-&@$∆##}}], a human male of Canadian descent.

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** ##blue|{{D-&@$∆}}## demanifests, becoming nonexistent.

---

= **EL-7706/2**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** [Θ'](scp-033)

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** The walls and floor of the testing chamber were described to have been "melted" beyond recognition. Research personnel within the chamber were ordered to evacuate, but due to the containment door having been rendered unserviceable, they were trapped as the ceiling slowly covered them. As retrieval efforts were proven futile, the personnel are to be considered lost.

Crosstesting SCP-7706 with Θ' is now prohibited.

---

= **EL-7706/3**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** 5-polytope

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** A Class-E gateway wormhole manifested itself in the testing chamber. The wormhole emitted a memetic effect compelling research personnel to enter it. The testing chamber was sealed and security forces were immediately dispatched. Upon arriving, the wormhole had already closed and demanifested. Individuals who entered the wormhole have been found to be irretrievable.

Surviving personnel reported that the testing chamber constantly produces a smell described to be similar to incense. Extermination and removal of this smell are impossible.

---

= **EL-7706/4**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** π

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** A large circular hole, measuring approximately 3 kilometers in radius and possessing a depth of around 3 kilometers, was reported to have suddenly manifested in the center of Antarctica. Resulting geological disasters were able to be prevented through the use of anomalies and forceful tectonic plate manipulation.

---

= **EL-7706/5**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** π^^2^^

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** Hole in Antarctica expanded, now measuring approximately 10 kilometers in radius. Resulting geological disasters were too substantial and immediate to be prevented, forcing the Foundation to request aid from the Global Occult Coalition (GOC). Cover Story 3456/FH "Anomalous Event" was disseminated to GOC personnel to avoid conflict.

Testing SCP-7706 with π is now prohibited.

---

= **EL-7706/6**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** 0.001^^7777777^^

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** All research personnel entered a catatonic state for 49 minutes. Upon awakening, personnel were extremely disoriented, with a majority of them mumbling nonsensicaly regarding inexistent works of fiction.

---

= **EL-7706/7**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** 7-polytope

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** No effects observed.

---

= **EL-7706/8**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** *e*

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** No effects observed.

---

= **EL-7706/9**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** SCP-7706

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** No effects observed.

---

= **EL-7706/10**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** Infinity (∞)

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** No effects observed.

---

= **EL-7706/11**

**CHOSEN CONCEPT:** Infinitesimals (ε)

**OBSERVED OUTCOME:** No effects observed. SCP-7706 was inadvertently neutralized.

Testing halted.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7705](SCP-7705) | SCP-7706 | [SCP-7707](SCP-7707) >>

=====

> **FILENAME:** Nrv99YJ?r.png

> **AUTHOR:** 

> **LICENSE:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **SOURCE:** [*https:*imgur.io/Nrv99YJ?r Imgur], from the [*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/desk-of-junior-designer-s-yvonne Desk of Junior Designer S. Yvonne]

=====
