**Item #:** SCP-7258

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7258 is currently contained at Site KA-7258 and is surrounded by a three-meter thick titanium wall monitored around the clock by Foundation personnel. Expeditions inside SCP-7258 have been permanently suspended following the incident on ██/██/██ and the deaths of four members of MTF Unit Whiskey-9. Any Foundation personnel found to have entered SCP-7258 without authorization is considered lost and no further attempt to recover them should be made. Any personnel who believe they have seen SCP-7258-1 are mandated to report the sighting to the Site Supervisor. 

**Description:** SCP-7258 is a cornfield located in ██████████, Kansas, occupying approximately 198 acres of land. SCP-7258 appears normal from the outside, overhead imaging revealing no structures or clearings within the cornfield. Upon entering SCP-7258 from any direction, individuals will manifest in an alternate version of the cornfield. Exploration of SCP-7258 has revealed the interior to be a spatial anomaly, as Foundation exploration operations found no perceivable end to the rows of corn. Upon a subject entering SCP-7258 by any means, they are transported inside SCP-7258’s spatial anomaly. Whether the space inside SCP-7258 is a ‘pocket’ dimension or something else entirely is unclear.

Any attempts made to physically harm or remove any stalks of corn from SCP-7258 have been ineffective, as the stalks have proven to be immensely resistant to any physical harm. However, it is possible to remove ears of corn from the stalks. Physical analysis of the corn has revealed nothing anomalous or even abnormal about it, and it has proven safe for consumption. After removal, the ears of corn regrow over a period of 60-100 days, remaining consistent with non-anomalous corn. 

The Foundation was first made aware of SCP-7258 in ████ when the FBI’s Unusual Incidents Unit turned the case over to the Foundation after three exploration teams were ‘lost’ within SCP-7258. A handful of members from the UIU remain closely involved with Foundation research efforts at Site KA-7258.

**Exploration Logs:** Numerous expeditions have been made into SCP-7258 with varying SCP-7258 degrees of success. 

A Foundation Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV) carrying camera equipment transmitting to Foundation personnel inside Site KA-7258 in order to gather information about SCP-7258.

> BEGIN VIDEO

> [0.00.00] *The camera turns on. The UGV has crossed over into SCP-7258’s interior and is now surrounded by corn stalks  and anything beyond a foot in front of the camera is obscured by corn.*

> 

> [00.00.31] *After preliminary equipment and systems checks, the UGV begins moving through SCP-7258.*

> 

> [ FF >> ]

> 

> [00.04.19] *The UGV appears to bump into something. Foundation researchers controlling the UGV pivot the camera upwards. Through the stalks of corn, the head of a scarecrow is visible. It resembles a burlap bag, with holes cut roughly in the shape of eyes and a mouth. It remains facing forward.*

> 

> [00.04.27] *The video and audio transmitted from the UGV abruptly shuts off, displaying a connection error message. After four seconds the footage resumes. The scarecrow has disappeared. The UGV resumes movement through SCP-7258.*

> 

>  [ FF >> ]

> 

> [01.27.12] *The UGV enters a clearing. More corn surrounds the clearing in a circle. The sky is clear, reflecting the outside weather seen when the UGV was initially sent into SCP-7258, rather than the current weather outside of SCP-7258. In the center of the clearing a large opening in the ground is visible.*

> 

> [01.27.22] * The UGV attempts to move closer to the hole but is stopped by an unknown force. The camera is jerked around to face the scarecrow seen earlier. The holes in the burlap bag have changed. The mouth is contorted into a grimace, while the eyes appear angry. A voice emanates from the scarecrow.*

> 

> [01.27.24] **Scarecrow:** Get out.

> CONNECTION LOST

Four hours after the connection to the UGV was lost, it began transmitting exclusively audio. After eleven seconds of silence an abrupt cacophony of agonized screams was heard. This persisted for several minutes before the audio transmission was terminated by the UGV operator. One of the onsite agents of the UIU claimed that one of the screams closely matched that of one of the members of the lost UIU exploration teams. Foundation personnel were unable to confirm the accuracy of the agent’s claims. Following this exploration attempt, the scarecrow entity was officially given the SCP-7258-1 designation.

A second UGV was sent into SCP-7258 one week after the events of the first exploration attempt. The following is a transcription of the video log received from the UGV.

> BEGIN VIDEO

> [0.00.07] *The camera turns on. The UGV begins moving through the corn.*

> 

> [0.00.45] *The UGV stops, bumping into something obscured by the corn stalks. Intense rustling is heard all around the UGV. It stops. From behind, a voice identical to that of the scarecrow entity encountered by the previous UGV is heard.*

> 

> [0.00.51] **SCP-7258-1:** I told you to stay out.

> CONNECTION LOST

No further transmissions from the UGV were received by Foundation researchers. Several more exploration attempts were made with other UGV’s but were swiftly destroyed by SCP-7258-1. The remains of any of the UGV’s have not been recovered.

Following the first two exploration attempts, a D-Class test subject was sent in to explore SCP-7258 and report his findings. They were equipped with standard video equipment. D-8164 was not made aware of the presence of the scarecrow entity, only the nature of SCP-7258 and the presence of the clearing.

> BEGIN VIDEO

> 

> *(The camera turns on. D-8164 is holding the camera, looking into the lens. They are surrounded by corn stalks, nothing visible beyond the immediate area. D-8164 is grimacing.)*

> 

> **D-8164:** Is this thing on? Jesus, how do you work this thing?

> 

> **Dr. Calkins:** Yes, D-8164, it is indeed on. Please begin walking. Report anything unusual.

> 

> **D-8164:** Alright.

> 

> *(D-8164 attaches the camera to the front of their jumpsuit, and begins wading through the corn stalks. Eventually, a rustling is heard near D-8164.)*

> 

> **D-8164:** Uh, doc? It sounds like something’s in here with me. It's right next to me! What-!

> 

> *(The video feed cuts, but audio is still present. D-8164 stops mid-sentence and begins screaming, and the rustling heard before is amplified and seems to be surrounding the microphone. Maniacal laughter of an unknown origin is heard. The laughter begins to grow faint, and intense rustling and footsteps are heard. D-8164 is panting.)*

> 

> **Dr. Calkins:** D-8164! D-8164 report! What's happening?

> 

> *(D-8164 does not respond.)*

> 

> **Dr. Calkins:** D-8164, report immediately! What the hell is going on?

> 

> **D-8164:** I’m here doc. Had to *(panting)* get away from that thing. That-

> 

> **Dr. Calkins:** What thing?! What happened?

> 

> **D-8164:** *(Panting)* Looked like a scarecrow. I nearly bumped into the thing. *(Panting)* It started moving all around me, tried to grab me, I think. Started laughing too. Scared the shit out of me.

> 

> **Dr. Calkins:** Are you injured?

> 

> **D-8164:** No, I’m fine. I think. My head hurts a lot, but I’m *(Panting)* fine. Lord, get me out of here.

> 

> **Dr. Calkins:** Absolutely not, continue walking. Once you find the clearing, we’ll pull you out. You just need to keep walking. What happened to the video feed? I’m not getting anything from your camera.

> 

> **D-8164:** I don’t *(Panting)* know. I’ll see if I can get it back on.

> 

> *(D-8164 is heard detaching the camera from their jumpsuit. They fiddle with it momentarily.)*

> 

> **D-8164:** No good. Guess audio will have to do. I’ll start walking now.

> 

> *(Around thirty minutes passes. Only the rustling of corn and D-8164’s labored breathing is heard.)*

> 

> **D-8164:** Wait. Hold on. What is-? Oh, you son of a bitch.

> 

> **Dr. Calkins:** What? What is it?

> 

> **D-8164:** There’s some sort of wreckage here. Looks like some sort of vehicle. You sent this in here? You left it here, so that means you probably can’t get it out. So that means I’m not getting out. You-!

> 

> *(There is a sudden sharp scream from D-8164. Rustling is suddenly heard all around D-8164. The laughter from earlier picks up again. D-8164 screams, but this time it seems to be out of pain instead of fear.)*

> 

> **Dr. Calkins:** D-8164? What’s going-!?

> 

> *(The camera turns back on. The scarecrow is visible, taking up the entire frame. The burlap bag on its face displays a wide grin. Maniacal laughter pervades the audio track. The scarecrow is covered in blood and viscera.)*

> 

> **Dr. Calkins:** My… god.

> VIDEO END

A four-man exploration team composed of members of MTF Whiskey-9 “Beholders” was sent into SCP-7258 to further investigate the nature of the cornfield. The team was equipped with seismic sensors to monitor potential earthquakes as well as rappelling equipment. The following is a video that was uploaded to Foundation servers by W9-2 before contact was lost.

> BEGIN VIDEO

> 

> *(The video begins. The team is huddled together, surrounded by corn stalks.)*

> 

> **W9-1:** Testing, testing. [Does the black moon howl?](tanhony-s-proposal-ii)

> 

> **W9-3:** Probably not.

> 

> **W9-1:** Doesn’t matter. Anyway, this is Clint Boyne, squad leader of Mobile Task Force Unit Whiskey-Nine. Confirming passover into SCP-7258, communications went offline when we entered so we’re on our own for now. This expedition is for the purpose of researching and documenting SCP-7258. It’s a, uh…cornfield. It’s a cornfield.

> 

> *(Silence. W9-4 is seen shaking his head.)*

> 

> **W9-2:** *(Muttering)* Can we get this over with already? I’ve got things I need to do.

> 

> **W9-1:** Stow it Lambert. We’re here to do a job, so let’s get it done. Danny, got any readings?

> 

> **W9-3:** Nothing so far, boss.

> 

> *(The team begins walking through the corn stalks.)*

> 

> **FAST FORWARD >>**

> 

> *(The video picks back up. The team is still wading through corn. In the video, a dark shape can be seen through the corn, keeping pace with the team. None of the members seem to notice the shape, each of them presumably believing it to be one of the other team members.)*

> 

> **W9-4:** This is such a stupid SCP. 

> 

> **W9-3:** I don’t personally think any SCP is “stupid,” especially the ones that can kill you.

> 

> **W9-4:** Kill you? Please. It’s a *cornfield*, and that’s it. Even if it is a spatial anomaly, all we’re gonna find is corn. Just corn, corn, and more corn. 

> 

> **W9-1:** Except that’s not true, and you know it. We’ve all seen the footage. We all saw what that thing did to that D-Class.

> 

> **W9-4:** So what. It was *one* D-Class. Big deal. He wasn’t armed to the teeth like we are.

> 

> **Unknown:** It won’t matter.

> 

> *(The team immediately stops and raises their weapons. The dark shape seen in the corn dissipates. A low rumble is heard as the ground begins to shake.)*

> 

> **W9-4:** Who the fuck was that? 

> 

> **W9-3:** Sir! I’m getting seismic readings!

> 

> **W9-2:** *(Noticing the absence of the shape)* Where the fuck did Jamie just go?

> 

> **W9-4:** What are you talking about? I’m right- wait a damn second I lost Clint!

> 

> **W9-1:** What on earth are you two talking about? Where’s Danny?

> 

> **W9-3:** Right behind you, boss. 

> 

> **W9-2:** If everyone’s here, then who the hell was I looking at through the corn this whole time? Does that mean…

> 

> *(Silence among the team members.)*

> 

> **W9-4:** …something was in here with us this whole time. We never noticed because we thought it was just one of us. Fuck.

> 

> **W9-1:** We need to get moving, now!

> 

> **W9-3:** Agreed.

> 

> **W9-1:** Keep pushing through the corn. We have to make it to the clearing!

> 

> *(The team begins running through the corn. The seismic activity continues. At numerous points, some of the team members are split up, but manage to regroup. The team reaches the clearing.)*

> 

> **W9-2:** *(Panting)* The clearing! We’re here! Get your cables ready!

> 

> *(The other team members emerge from the corn and rush towards the hole following closely behind W9-2.)*

> 

> **W9-1:** Alright, get your cables out! Prepare to descend!

> 

> *(W9-2 peers into the hole. It is completely dark. The seismic activity is stronger than ever, and dust can be seen falling down the sides of the hole. W9-2 hooks his cable into the ground and firmly tethers it to his harness.)*

> 

> **W9-2:** Ready for descension.

> 

> **W9-1:** Everybody else ready?

> 

> *(W9-3 and W9-4 nod their heads.)*

> 

> **W9-1:** (Firmly adjusting his cable) Right. Let’s go!

> 

> *(The team all begin rappelling into the hole. The seismic activity grows weaker as the group descends. Darkness envelops the group. The camera switches to night vision mode and the feed is flooded with green.)*

> 

> **W9-3:** Switching to my NVGs.

> 

> **W9-1:** Affirmative. I advise you all to do the same.

> 

> *(W9-2 and the others pull down their night vision goggles. Panning the camera around, the team is in a chamber slightly larger than the main hole. A tunnel is present. The team reaches the floor, the seismic activity now dampened. They huddle around each other.)*

> 

> **W9-1:** Danny, ‘you getting anything on the reader?

> 

> **W9-3:** Nothing major sir. Seems like the worst of it has passed.

> 

> **W9-1:** Alright. *(Looking around)* Looks like there’s only one way to go. Leave your ropes here for re-ascension. We’ll have to go one behind the other. I’ll take point.

> 

> *(The team begins shuffling through the tunnel, single file. Visibility is limited greatly beyond a foot in front of W9-1, who is first in the line.)*

> 

> **W9-4:** I don’t like this. [Reminds me of that one time in Indiana](scp-2951)...

> 

> **W9-3:** Quit whining, will you? Starting to piss me off. 

> 

> **W9-1:** Both of you, can it. We need to stay on high alert. Never know what we might find down here.

> 

> **FAST FORWARD >>**

> 

> *(The team has been walking for approximately 12 minutes. An exit becomes visible.)*

> 

> **W9-1:** *(Raising his hand)* Stop. Exit up ahead. Weapons free, get ready for anything.

> 

> *(W9-2 checks his rifle and pistol. He pats W9-1’s shoulder.)*

> 

> **W9-2:** Ready.

> 

> **W9-3:** Ready.

> 

> **W9-4:** Ready.

> 

> **W9-1:** Affirmative. Exiting tunnel.

> 

> *(The team exits the tunnel into a much larger chamber. It extends upwards far beyond what should be possible at this depth. Stalactites hang from the ceiling. While visibility is still limited, The center of the chamber is visible on W9-2’s feed. It is recessed into the ground. There are altars, surrounding another pit. An indiscernible substance covers the floor and is streaked across the altars. Human remains are visible on top of the altar closest to the team. Unknown symbols are carved into the floor surrounding the altars. An unintelligible whispering noise can be heard seemingly all around the team.)*

> 

> **W9-3:** *(Murmuring)* Jesus Christ.

> 

> **W9-2:** *(Noticing the ceiling)* Another spatial anomaly.

> 

> **W9-4:** Now I *really* don’t like this. Where the hell is that whispering coming from?

> 

> **W9-1:** Keep moving. We’re getting closer to…whatever is down here.

> 

> *(The team begins approaching the center of the chamber. The whispering grows louder and becomes increasingly intelligible. The camera feed begins to flicker and flashes are seen of a humanoid figure, resembling a scarecrow, growing closer to the team. The team seems to not notice or does not see these flashes.)*

> 

> **W9-3:** Seismic readings have subsided.

> 

> **W9-1:** Acknowledged.

> 

> **W9-3:** Wait! They’re picking up again! It seems- oh god, they’re larger than ever!

> 

> *(At this point the ground begins to shake more violently than ever previously recorded. The team is thrown off their feet, W9-2 losing his weapon in the chaos.)*

> 

> **W9-4:** My NVGs are out! Can’t see anything!

> 

> **W9-3:** Seismic readings are off the charts! Brace yourselves!

> 

> **W9-1:** I’m activating the emergency beacon! Maybe we can get a signal out!

> 

> **W9-2:** This far underground? Are you nuts!?

> 

> *(The camera loses night vision and is shrouded in darkness.)*

> 

> **W9-2:** Shit! Lost night vision!

> 

> *(A crashing sound is heard. W9-2 turns his headlamp on. The stalactites are falling down around the team. The shaking continues.)*

> 

> **W9-1:** God damn it! We need to turn around, *now*!

> 

> **W9-4:** Oh *now* you want to turn around!

> 

> **W9-3:** Jamie if you don’t shut the hell up I swear to god!

> 

> *(The shaking continues. W9-2’s headlamp illuminates a scarecrow, now standing on two legs and covered head to toe in a dark liquid. The burlap bag shows a mouth resembling someone screaming.)*

> 

> **W9-3:** What the hell?

> 

> **Scarecrow:** (In a voice identical to D-8164) Go home, Soldier boy!

> 

> *(The scarecrow begins laughing. A wet crunching sound is heard.)*

> 

> **W9-3:** (Pained screaming)

> 

> **W9-4:** Danny? Danny! Motherfucker!

> 

> *(W9-4 begins firing his rifle wildly. The shots illuminate W9-2’s camera feed, briefly revealing the remaining team members surrounding the scarecrow. W9-3 is slumped on the ground, blood covering his upper body. His head is exposed, chunks of flesh and muscle missing.)*

> 

> **W9-1:** Jamie! Jamie! Stop firing your rifle immidea-

> 

> *(W9-1 screams in pain. The scarecrow is still laughing. The chamber is shaking violently. W9-2’s flashlight illuminates the scarecrow, holding W9-1 by his gastrointestinal tract. W9-1 ceases screaming.)*

> 

> **W9-2:** Shit! Fuck! God dammit! Fuck this!

> 

> *(W9-2 turns around and begins to run back to where the team entered the chamber from. W9-4 is heard behind him, screaming in rage while firing his weapon. Eventually, the noise is drowned out by the seismic activity now engulfing the underground chamber. At this point, W9-2 begins to upload the camera feed to Foundation servers.*

> 

> **W9-2:** (Screaming) Oh god, oh god I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I have to run. I have to get out. I can’t die in a *goddamn cornfield!* Oh god, Clint I’m sorry. I won’t be able to look Martha in the eyes when I have to tell her how I left you to die.

> 

> *(W9-2 is now hurrying through the tunnel. The seismic activity has reached its peak. The tunnel is on the verge of collapse. W9-2’s headlamp powers off.)*

> 

> **W9-2:** Shit!

> 

> *(W9-2 is running for a number of minutes. Eventually, W9-2 stops moving. The ground is rumbling heavily.)*

> 

> **W9-2:** Where are- (Panting) Where are- (Panting) Where are the cables? Where are the cables? *Where are the cables!*

> 

> *(The scarecrow can be heard laughing, growing closer to W9-2.)*

> 

> **W9-2:** Oh mother *fucker!*

> END VIDEO

At this point in the recording, the upload process to Foundation serves had been completed, meaning that no further footage is available. Extreme seismic activity persisted for forty minutes after the footage was uploaded. Having received no further communication from W9-2 or any of the other Whiskey-9 team members, W9-1 (Clint Boyne), W9-2 (Richard Lambert), W9-3 (Daniel Ford), and W9-4 (Jamie Bryson) were declared Killed In Action on June 28th, ████ and a funeral was held in their honor.

No further manned expeditions have been attempted. Any personnel found to have entered SCP-7258 should be considered dead and on-site funeral arrangements should be prepared. 

**ADDENDUM:**

It has recently been made apparent to me that contact with Site-KA-7258 has been lost following Site KA-7258’s director's failure to submit the mandatory monthly financial report, whereupon it was uncovered that a host of necessary reports and documents have not been submitted by KA-7258 staff in at least eleven days. I almost did not believe it myself, but the staff member in charge of cataloging items of such nature has been ‘slacking off,’ so to speak (rest assured, their contract has been terminated and they were replaced with a much more adequate researcher). MTF squadrons from the neighboring Site-████ have been briefed regarding KA-7258’s anomaly and are currently en route. I’ll send updates as I receive them.

KA-7258 is offline. Our MTF squads arrived to, frankly, a bloodbath. Everyone stationed onsite is dead. I don’t even know where to begin a damage report. Communications equipment is eviscerated, the electrical systems are fried, and most of the data is unrecoverable. They managed to scrape some essential files as well as the documentation for SCP-7258 itself off of what was left of the site’s NAS storage, but the research logs, reports, and pretty much everything else are completely lost. The MTF squads secured the perimeter but found no trace of SCP-7258-1. Containment teams have been deployed and SCP-7258-1 has been designated a priority two threat. An investigation is currently underway into the nature of what happened at KA-7258. I’ll forward you the report when I get my hands on it.

They found something at KA-7258, they pulled a corpse out of the field. It wasn’t one of the site personnel. It was Lambert. I don’t know how, I don’t know why, but his body was just on the edge of 7258. It’s mangled, gutted, but it’s definitely him. His body is being transferred to a nearby site for a full examination. Teams are searching the exterior of 7258 for any signs of the others, but judging by the footage Lambert uploaded before his death, I don’t think we’ll find anything. I’ll keep you updated.

<< [SCP-7257](SCP-7257) | SCP-7258 | [SCP-7259](SCP-7259) >>

> Filename: Cornfield pennYan.jpg

> Author: Jamie Lantzy

> Licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0 

> Source: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Cornfield_pennYan.jpg
