:root {

     --header-title: "THE FOUNDATION";

     --header-txt-color: #FFFFFF;

     --misc-txt-color: #FFFFFF;

     --darkmode-gradient-top: #FF00CA;

     --darkmode-gradient-bottom: #000000;

     --accent: 255, 89, 220

}

= *I'm just five steps away from that world. Just five short steps and I'll be there.*

---

= Beautiful infinite limpid darkness.

= [More by ThatGuy](thatauthorpagethattime)

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains heavy and pertinent themes/mentions of suicide.

---

@@ @@

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** Activation of SCP-7574-1 is to only be activated through dual-key startup, in which:

# Access Key 1 is held by Site-18 Director Iovanius Neer, under permission of O5-11.

# Access Key 2 is held by O5-11.

Due to the location of SCP-7574-3, no containment is required at this time.

@@ @@

**I. Neer:** Well, HR has determined you fit the criteria for this, I suppose. But seriously, Dick, are you absolutely sure you want to-

**R. Bartleman:** Yeah. You need someone to drive the ship, and there's nobody else in the Foundation willing to test it.

**I. Neer:** There are other options; we can - I don’t know - send AIC or something.

**R. Bartleman:** Those things are worth more than I'll ever be, Ivy. You know that.

**I. Neer:** This isn't the 80's anymore, Richard; the Foundation doesn't just throw bodies around for the sake of experimentation.

**R. Bartleman:** And we're both grateful for that, Iovanius. But we need to do this. I... I want to do this.

*Silence.*

**I. Neer:** Is this about her?

**R. Bartleman:** What? No. This is about-

**I. Neer:** Because I know Katherine would've never let you go through with this.

*Silence. A stifled tear. A sigh.*

**I. Neer:** Fine. I... I'll tell the team you'll be there at 8:30. I’m sorry.

@@ @@

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-7574 is the group designation for 4 anomalies: 2 created for the purposes of PROJECT STARLAUNCH (-1 and -2), and 2 which are the subject of said project (-3 and -4).

SCP-7574-1 is the DEXTER-MULVANEY Ontokinetic Displacement Engine, a Foundation-constructed device capable of displacing matter to another point within space and time.

After activation of SCP-7574-1, an input screen will indicate requiring a necessitated input of both a specific date (in YYYY format) and a distance away from SCP-7574-1, accompanied by a directional angle. After confirmation by both key-holders and any potential personnel involved, all matter on the launching pad will be instantaneously displaced.

Due to the nature of SCP-7574-1 sending matter outwards rather than receiving it, any usages of the device are to be considered one-way.

@@ @@

**Dr. Mulvaney:** I can't guarantee your safety once you've landed, but your file seems to indicate you're good at defending yourself. That all make sense?

**R. Bartleman:** Yup, got it. Go out, fly far, land on the pink one, see what's going on. Maybe I can get back into farming, ha.

**Dr. Mulvaney:** ...Right.

**R. Bartleman:** Something the matter doc?

**Dr. Mulvaney:** No! I mean. I don't know, you just seem... oddly nonchalant about all of this. You've read the report, right? You know that it's-

**R. Bartleman:** One way, I know. I wouldn't start a farm if I was just going to be abandoning it anyway.

**Dr. Mulvaney:** Ah. Positives, I guess. Still, most pilots started sweating a lot when I told them what this entailed. Trying to get away from the wife, eh?

*Silence.*

**Dr. Mulvaney:** Just tugging your strings. My bad.

**R. Bartleman:** Don’t have one. Not anymore.

**Dr. Mulvaney:** Oh. Shit. Sorry to hear that.

**R. Bartleman:** Is that everything I need to know?

*Silence. An awkward cough.*

**Dr. Mulvaney:** You know, we can always-

**R. Bartleman:** We're going ahead. See you tomorrow at 7.

@@ @@

SCP-7574-2 is a vestigial vehicle created for the use of SCP-7574-1 involving Foundation personnel, measuring 5m x 5m x 5m, with an outer hull composed of an anomalous silicon, telekill, and beryllium bronze alloy.

SCP-7574-2 is primarily solar-powered, and contains 3 electrical batteries which have been altered using power-enhancing products obtained from GOI-004, "The Factory", as a backup supply of power.

The vehicle also contains a miniature agricultural system which can sustainably feed a single pilot for a minimum of 3 weeks.

Due to durability and longevity, SCP-7574-2 was constructed based on original prototype designs for the purposes of usage with SCP-7574-1, in order to travel to SCP-7574-3.

@@ @@

### HUMAN RESOURCES:

#### FITNESS ASSESSMENT

---

**STAFF IN QUESTION:** RICHARD "DICK" BARTLEMAN

**EMPLOYED AS:** MTF Free-Form Agent Trained in a variety of skills, and able to be called upon given whatever context requires personnel.  and Foundation Pilot.

**CURRENT LOCATION:** Site-18

**REASONS FOR ASSESSMENT:** Fitness for PROJECT STARLAUNCH.

**PAST CONCERNS:** Past struggles with survivor’s guilt as a result of field work, and small bouts of depression. A large period of mourning and depression due to the suicide of spouse Dr. Katherine Bartleman (2 years ago), the disappearance of close friend Anton Radu (3 years ago), and the death of father Marcus Bartleman (4 years ago).

**SUMMARY:** Richard Bartleman has, throughout his 32-year career working for the Foundation, consistently shown to be adaptable, efficient, and highly capable in the assignments he is given. This performance was, in the past few years, hindered by a series of losses which then impacted his personality and mood severely. These effects were especially clear after the suicide of his wife of 20 years, Katherine Bartleman, the cause of which is unknown but presumed to be of non-anomalous reasons.

However, the last 6 months have shown Richard being able to return to his work and continue to be an invaluable asset to the Foundation. The Site-18 Therapy Division reports that their sessions with Richard ceased as of 7 months ago, by the agent's own decision, indicating a return of mental well-being for Richard. Given the extenuated timeframe since the death of his spouse, the Site-18 Human Resources Department is of the belief that Richard Bartleman has, in simplified terms, been able to "move on".

Currently, there are no reasons going against Richard's involvement in PROJECT STARLAUNCH both mentally or, more importantly, physically. His personnel fitness score has thus been updated to indicate such.

**PERSONNEL FITNESS SCORE:** 88 / 100, qualifying past the necessary number of 70.

**MENTAL STABILITY TEST SCORE:** 44 / 50, qualifying past the necessary number of 40.

**CONCLUSION:** Based on assessment score, and a lack of similarly qualified personnel, Richard Bartleman has been deemed fit for usage within PROJECT STARLAUNCH.

*-- Arnold Stamos, Deputy of Human Resources at Site-18*

---

**SCPF HUMAN RESOURCES DEPARTMENT**

*Solving your Complaints and Problems*

@@ @@

SCP-7574-3 is a celestial body of primarily pink coloration, located 1.025 million lightyears away from Earth. Observation using both standard and anomalously altered astronomical tools indicates SCP-7574-3 may have the potential for supporting human life, possessing a subtle thaumaturgically distinct signature indicating a connection with life itself, as well as a perceivably powerful ability to amplify all frequencies of visible light.

In order to test the capabilities of SCP-7574-3 to support humanity in preparation for possible XK End-of-the-World Scenarios, PROJECT STARLAUNCH was created. SCP-7574-1 was constructed with the purpose of displacing SCP-7574-2, manned, to a point within approximately 100 kilometers of SCP-7574-3.

SCP-7574-4 is {{**[O5 CLEARANCE REQUIRED]**}}.

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Command:** Alright, all systems are ready for "launch". How we feelin' in there, Dick?

**R. Bartleman:** Good enough.

**Command:** Great. Listen, we won't be able to talk to you once you're out there, seeing as.... you know, you'll be trillions of kilometers away. Radio system still exists though, should you feel like using it.

**R. Bartleman:** I know all of this already, command.

**Command:** We're just making sure you're prepared thoroughly before you-

**R. Bartleman:** Just launch the fucking ship.

**Command:** Okay, okay, alright. Initiating SCP-7574 activation process... confirming access key input before activation?

**I. Neer (Through Command):** I... confirmed.

**Command:** Something the matter, sir?

*Iovanius looks through the command hub window at SCP-7574-2, before sighing.*

**I. Neer:** No. Confirmed.

**O5-11:** Confirmed. Let's hit the stars and beyond, people.

*[launch initiation cut for brevity]*

**Command:** Via authority given by both Director Iovanius Neer and O5-11, I will now be lowering the final lever on your displacement. Good luck, and thank you for your service Richard.

**R. Bartleman:** Sure.

*Lever is lowered. All visible matter on the SCP-7574-1 platform begins to slowly raise.*

**Command:** Countdown has been automatically started, going from:

**Countdown.AIC:** {{10...}}

*Neer sighs and places his head in his hands.*

**Countdown.AIC:** {{9...}}

*Suddenly, power to Site-18 is lost in a temporary outage. FISC footage indicates a return of power within half a second. Upon power returning, the text on the SCP-7574 input screen within the command hub appears scrambled.*

**Dr. Mulvaney:** Shit. Shit, shit, shit, no.

**Countdown.AIC:** {{8...}}

*Bartleman looks out of the front visor of SCP-7574-2 towards the command hub, confused.*

**R. Bartleman:** What? What the hell was that?

**Countdown.AIC:** {{7...}}

**O5-11:** Minor power outage, Richard- Mulvaney, what is going on?

**Countdown.AIC:** {{6...}}

**Dr. Mulvaney:** The date for the launch, it's fucking scrambling. Half the system is scrambling-

**Countdown.AIC:** {{5...}}

**Command:** Excuse me?

**Countdown.AIC:** {{4...}}

**R. Bartleman:** What's happening?

**Countdown.AIC:** {{3...}}

**Dr. Mulvaney:** The date, it's not-

**I. Neer:** It's not what?

**Countdown.AIC:** {{2...}}

**R. Bartleman:** What the fuck is going *on* out there?

**Countdown.AIC:** {{1...}}

**Dr. Mulvaney:** It's going to-

**Countdown.AIC:** {{Initiating Irreversible Launch...}}

**O5-11** Just say it, Mulvaney, what the hell is-

**Countdown.AIC:** {{Launching.}}

*In an instant, all matter located on the SCP-7574-1 platform vanishes. SCP-7574-1 shuts down as all personnel in the command hub look on with fear and awe. The final number on the date input screen is 0000.*

**Dr. Mulvaney:** It... it defaulted.

@@ @@

After the events of Launch Alpha, it is believed that Richard Bartleman and SCP-7574-2 were displaced to the appropriate distance point but at a time point ~13.7 billion years in the past, or approximately the year identified as 0. As a result, both SCP-7574-2 and its pilot are considered lost.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>ACCESS ADDENDUM...?</summary>

SCP-7574-4 designates a series of anomalous radio frequencies which have been recorded since their original discovery in 1903 by the Foundation. While the nature of SCP-7574-4 has not been understood by the Foundation for a majority of the organization’s lifespan, the recent failure of Launch Alpha has provided possible context for the frequencies and potential messages received; as such, a collection of notable instances have been collected here.

@@ @@

Mulvaney, what did you- holy shit. It... it worked. It worked?

Wait. Where's the planet? Where is anything?

No. No no no no no. You're fucking kidding me. 0? As in-

Jesus Christ, it's all just dust out here.

@@ @@

*Sounds of an adult male sobbing for 3 minutes.*

@@ @@

I can't believe this. Of all the fucking people, of course this needed to go wrong on me. What was I expecting anyway, putting any faith in those conniving idiots? Fuck. Fuck fuckity fucking hell. Stuck out in the middle of nothingness with a pile of potatoes, surrounded by nothing but dust and stars.

...

At least they're pretty.

@@ @@

This, uh, this radio. It's on. I don't remember turning it on, but it is. I don't know if this works. I don't think it's going to work, but, well, I don't know. They seemed confident the pod would be indestructible, so... fuck, maybe someone will find this someday. Maybe? I don't know. I don't know a damn thing about this.

Okay. Well. I'm on day three, I guess. The dust still looks nice.

@@ @@

-and then I said, well, what the fuck do you want me to do about it? I'm a fucking pilot, I'm not an engineer, I can't fix your goddamn sink. He starts giving me a weird face, storms off, won't talk to me for a couple days, and... Then, then- fuck, why did I say that? It's not like he meant any harm by asking, he just needed help. Christ.

I miss him, still. I hope you're grazing greener pastures, Anton. Wherever you ended up.

@@ @@

God, that is- that tastes awful. I don't have a clue how to cook potatoes, do I. I could never make ‘em right, yet you always ate the slop. You loved those potatoes. You always loved eating them with me. God, if only we could’ve kept eating those fucking terrible potatoes. 

*Sounds of quiet sobbing through consumption for 2 minutes.*

@@ @@

I wish I had known what you were going through. I still don't know what you were going through, because nobody fucking knows. I should've been able to see it, from the little things, but I just- I never asked questions. Wasn't home enough, working for this fuckin' Foundation. I just wish I could've tried to save you, you beautiful woman.

None of us deserved to lose you like that, and you- you had so much ahead of you, an amazing career and me, your friends, your everything. Goddamn it, I wish I noticed so I could understand any of this. Too fucking late for that.

@@ @@

The Director... he was probably right. You never would've let me come out here, do this. But goddamn it, kitkat, you would've loved it out here. The light, it's... it's stunning. This pink light, it's just... it's like you, I think. I don't know. In a terrifying way. In a horrible way. Why couldn't you have stopped me? Why- why did you have to go? Why, you fucking perfect idiot, why?

@@ @@

I'm sorry. For yelling like that. You don't deserve it. You didn't deserve any of what happened to you. That's obvious. Why am I even talking?

@@ @@

Sometimes, in the strangest way, I can hear your voice out here. In the- the pink dust, it calls out to me. Speaking, in a strange way, just like you did. Just like everyone who went missing did. A slurry of sounds and feelings, all just... around me. Always.

I think I'm going to keep listening.

@@ @@

I always wondered, in the back of my tactically-trained brain, why we do what we do. I mean, protect humanity, yeah, but... I don't know. If the Foundation was here, they'd probably find a way to hang a curtain over my window and stop me from seeing this light. Cover my ears, stop me from hearing the voices. Cut out my brain, stop me from thinking these thoughts. Then again, they threw me all the way out here. I don't know how much they'd care out here.

@@ @@

I think the ship stopped moving a long, long time ago. I don't even know how long I've been alive anymore. I don't know how much more I want to be alive, but the light keeps me going. It keeps teaching me that it's going to be okay. I'm glad you're here with me, Katherine. You're glowing just like you did before.

@@ @@

It's clumping up around the ship. We aren't moving anymore. I can barely see outside, with the age of my eyes now, but I can still hear you all. Telling me stories about a better world, a world of thoughts and wonder and a world where you never would have had to end it all like that. I'm just five steps away from that world. Just five short steps and I'll be there.

@@ @@

It's going to be okay, Katherine. The light completes me, just like you once did, and just like you will when I join you. The sky is parting for me, kitkat. I'm going to be fine. I'm going to be fine. It's all going to be fine.

@@ @@

I can see clearly now. I can see the stars. I can see you.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 {{« [LIFE IS EVER TURNING](/ever-turning) »}} 

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7573](SCP-7573) | SCP-7574 | [SCP-7575](SCP-7575) >>

=====

> **Filename:** F-35 Pilot Art Tomassetti in 2002 (cropped).jpg

> **Author:** GySgt Stacey-Ann Viner / USMC

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:F-35_Pilot_Art_Tomassetti_in_2002_(cropped).jpg

> **Derivative of:** F-35 Pilot Art Tomassetti in 2002.jpg, https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:F-35_Pilot_Art_Tomassetti_in_2002.jpg

=====

=====

> **Filename:** Pink Opaque.jpg

> **Author:** X-ray: NASA/CXC/Curtin University/R. Soria et al., Optical: NASA/STScI/ Middlebury College/F. Winkler et al.

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Pink_Opaque.jpg

=====

@@ @@
