:root {

--header-title: "ONTOKINETICS";

--admo-color-bright: 130, 80, 160;

--admo-color-dim: 11, 5, 26;

--admo-color-dark: 5, 0, 8;

--admo-color-alt: 116, 77, 135;

--general-border-color: 37, 30, 50;

--basalt-tertiary-color: 34, 10, 44;

--darkdocument-background-color: 14, 4, 18;

--one-color: 34, 187, 68 !important;

~~six-color: var(~~admo-color-bright);

}

]

]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |click-fullscreen=--]

|speed=300

|float=true

|align=center

|width=100%

|url=https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-7517/control_room.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-7517 Control Room

]]

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** SCP-7517 is to be kept in an active state, per standard operating procedures If in doubt of what classifies as standard operating procedures, consult Document-7517-FREMONT. At least 10 members of ATF-28 "Limbo" are to remain in the  control room at all times, in order to ensure standard operations and prevent any acts of sabotage. Employees attempting sabotage are to be apprehended until their employment contract is terminated.

Impromptu repairs have been authorized in order to ensure standard operations, including in the cases that would require the temporary removal of floor panels, hydrophonic vegetation containers, metal tables or pieces of wiring. Such repairs are only authorized provided they do not interfere with Site-28's standard operations.

As of 06/11/2032, no members of ATF-28 are authorized to leave Site-28 under any circumstances. Attempts at doing so will result in the rapid termination of employment contract. Leaving the site is, in the current circumstances, defined as venturing beyond Site-28's parameter.

All personnel of Site-28 are considered members of ATF-28.

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-7517 is the MK-VII Scranton Reality Anchor, an ontokinetic eigenweapon designed to completely neutralize all Hume fluctuations, ontokinetic effects and ontokinesis-based anomalies in a radius of 300 meters. Its construction was started on 28/01/2028 by the Department of Ontokinetics in Site-28 A site housing a variety of ontokinetic anomalies, containing a network of MK-V Scranton Reality Anchors surrounding its facilities, and finished on 06/11/2032. The specifics of its operations are currently classified.

= **CONTEXTUAL MATERIAL**

It has come to my attention that there have been some reservations regarding SRA MARK VII from my colleagues. These mainly concern its status as the most powerful Scranton Reality Anchor in the world.

Studies in pocket dimensions have proven what has long been theorized; reality follows the law of conservation of energy. An increase in Hume level of a given environment will always result in some object in it increasing its Hume level, thus becoming "less real".  In a similar way, an individual skilled in ontokinesis will themselves becomes more real as they manipulate the world around them. This would, in theory, mean that a sufficiently strong reality anchor would decrease the universal Hume level with potentially catastrophic consequences.

I would like to remind everyone that the activation of MARK VII will not result in such an event. According to near a million simulations, we have a 98.35% chance of successful activation, with little to no risk to the world at large. After all, it has the potential to fully eliminate the threat posed by ontokinetic anomalies. Forever.

- *Dir. Place H. MCD., PHD., Project Lead, Esoteric Polymath*

# SCP-7517 INCIDENT LOG

---

The following is the complete list of all incidents involving SCP-7517 since its activation, defined as any intentional actions against SCP-7517's and Site-28's standard operations. All involved in them have had their employment contracts terminated.

> = **INCIDENT-7517-Α**

>

> **Date:** 06/11/2032

>

> **Employees involved:** Michael Stanway, Elizabeth Hills, Ahmose Hussein

>

> **Description:** Following the activation of SCP-7517, containment engineer Michael Stanway would make his way out of the site, intending to go on a smoke break. He returned to the site minutes later in a highly agitated state, yelling at members of personnel around him and causing great distress to all present. This led the ontokinetics researcher Elizabeth Hills and security officer Ahmose Hussein to both exit Site-28. Michael Stanway then made his way into the control room, likely intending to shut down SCP-7517's operations. He was unable to activate SCP-7517's emergency shutdown protocol before being apprehended by other site personnel and handed over to the security team. His employment contract was terminated two weeks later.

>

> **Actions undertaken:** ATF-28 was founded by Site-28's supervisor, along with the institution of a total prohibition on exiting the site by ATF-28 members.

>

> = **INCIDENT-7517-Β**

>

> **Date:** 02/01/2033

>

> **Employees involved:** Justin Smith

>

> **Description:** At circa 2350, Justin Smith entered SCP-7517's control room, publically insulting nearbly personnel and behaving erraticly. Smith continued this activity despite repeated calls from his colleagues to stop. His employment was terminated shortly afterwards.

>

> **Actions undertaken:** In order to prevent similar disturbances to Site-28's standard operations, 10 members of ATF-28 have been permanently stationed in SCP-7517's control room. Containment procedures have been updated accordingly .

>

> = **INCIDENT-7517-Γ**

>

> **Date:** 17/08/2033

>

> **Employees involved:** Alayna Bouchard

>

> **Description:** On the morning of 17/08/2033, multiple hallways of Site-28 have been vandalized using black marker, with the phrases such as "Why are we still doing this", "At least give us the sky back", "Why did you do this" and "I know you will see this" written across the walls. Two windows were also found to have been broken from the inside. Security camera footage revealed janitor Alayna Bouchard to have been the culprit. Due to the actions understaken shortly following the incident, termination of employment has been deemed unnecessary.

>

> **Actions undertaken:** All windows and outside entrances in Site-28 have been covered, painted over, sealed or otherwise hidden as to boost employee morale. Weekly psychological checks have been added to the site's standard operations.

>

> = **INCIDENT-7517-Δ**

>

> **Date:** 1/01/2034

>

> **Employees involved:** Justin Cohen, *23 others*

>

> **Description:** Following the New Year's Celebration, a group of intoxicated employees, led by containment specialist Justin Cohen, attempted to break into SCP-7517's control room. The personel stationed inside were able to block the door long enough for the site's security team to be alerted. As the group broke in, a brief fight ensued, leading to multiple employees becoming injured and incapacitated. By the time the rogue employees reached the control panel, the security team was able to intervene. All 24 had their employment contracts subsequently terminated.

>

> **Actions undertaken:** In order to prevent such incidents, all employees working at Site-28 Aside from the control room crew have been amnisticized, with the memories of the last 2 years removed. New guidelines for all members of personnel have been detailed in Document-7517-FREMONT.

>

<details>
<summary>» INPUT PSYCHOLOGIST CREDENTIALS «</summary>

> **EMPLOYEE NAME AND POSITION:** Maren Forley, Site-28 Culinary Specialist

>

> **OVERALL PSYCHOLOGICAL RATING:** 8.4/10

>

> **OVERVIEW:** Subject demonstrates willingness to perform their assigned tasks and loyalty to Site-28's official mission. Shows no awarness of the current state of affairs outside the site. Has displayed moderate nostalgia for her life before joining ATF-28

>

> **EMPLOYEE'S SELF-EVALUATION:** "Of course I am satisfied with my position. I wouldn't have signed up in the first place if I wasn't, would I? It's important work we are doing here. You're staying here, to keep those on the outside safe, while I stay with you to keep you fed and sane. Sure, I wouldn't mind seeing some trees from time to time, but...well, it's not like we're here forever, is it? I don't know why the rest are so concerned about it, we'll only here for a few years before our contracts expire, or so I heard."

>

> **RECOMMENDATIONS:** N/A

> **EMPLOYEE NAME AND POSITION:** Carl Anderson, Site-28 Electrical Engineer

>

> **OVERALL PSYCHOLOGICAL RATING:** 6.6/10

>

> **OVERVIEW:** Subject demonstrates moderate mental and physical exhaustion, as well as supicion regarding the current purpose and situation of both Site-28 and SCP-7517. Despite this, subject displays loyalty to the Foundation.

>

> **EMPLOYEE'S SELF-EVALUATION:** "Man, I know, I heard the whole shtick. "Per standard operations, foundation personnel who are not members of ATF-28 are not allowed to access Site-28". Whatever, but every time another breaker blows out or a door locks itself, I have to haul my ass to the basement in hopes I'll find anything that could help! And more often than not, I don't! This site is on it's last legs, and I am tired of taking care of it like its a child. They better send us some equipment real fast. Unbelievable."

>

> **RECOMMENDATION:** Subject is to be given a low daily dose of sedative medication, currently available in the Site-28 pharmacy. This treatment is to continue as long as there are enough resources available.

> **EMPLOYEE NAME AND POSITION:** Anna Elseworth, Site-28 Hydrophonics Specialist

>

> **OVERALL PSYCHOLOGICAL RATING:** 4.6/10

>

> **OVERVIEW:** Subject demonstrates notable emotional exhaustion a decrease in loyalty of the foundation. No indication of suspicion regarding Site-28's operations or the current state of affairs outside of the site.

>

> **EMPLOYEE'S SELF-EVALUATION:** "I couldn't stop crying last night, not after section B failed. Three years. All gone because the fucker couldn't fix the lights fast enough! The water's getting worse, too. They said we'll have enough supplies to last, you said we'll have enough supplies to last! But we're dependants on the farms now, and they're dying one by one. My team...they're working hard, but even if there was a hundred of us, we can't just keep those running forever. I don't know how we'll manage with decreased rations. We're already all hungry."

>

> **RECOMMENDATION:** The subject is to undergo targeted amnesticization regarding the most recent equipment failures. Following this, she is to be given a moderate dose of sedatives as well as a low dose of appetite supressants, both available at the Site-28 pharmacy.

> **EMPLOYEE NAME AND POSITION:** Ludwig Klein, control room crew member

>

> **OVERALL PSYCHOLOGICAL RATING:** 3/10

>

> **OVERVIEW:** Subject demonstrates sever emotional exhaustion and suicidal ideation.

>

> **EMPLOYEE'S SELF-EVALUATION:** "You know, there was this...relief, at the start. That we're the lucky ones. I don't believe that anymore. We are the unlucky ones. No, calm down doctor, I'm not trying to pull a plug on this shithole, not yet. It's just...the way I see it, there are only two paths forward. You amnesticize me into the oblivion, or you ████ ██. Whatever you choose, we both know it doesn't matter. Not like we'll have more than a couple years after that."

>

> **RECOMMENDATION:** Due to the Subject's duty as a member of the cotrol room crew, both the request for amnesticization and termination of employment contract have been denied. All members of the control room crew have been notified about the subject's ongoing struggles and advised to intervene if necessary.

> **EMPLOYEE NAME AND POSITION:** Galen Hernandez, Site-28 Containment Specialist

>

> **OVERALL PSYCHOLOGICAL RATING:** 1/10

>

> **OVERVIEW:** Subject is aware of the current state of affairs outside of Site-28.

>

> **EMPLOYEE'S SELF-EVALUATION:** "Oh, don't you fucking dare turn that recorder off, Gary! I've been to the parking lot, I've seen what's out there. How long are we keeping this circus going, really? Until we all run out of food, out of water? Why haven't we turned off that, that...beast! I don't care if it doesn't bring everything back, even joining the rest of this foresaken world is better than where we're at now. And if that doesn't work, just pull the plug out on this party already! Or just...tell people, tell them what's out there. Actually, fuck that, I'll tell them."

>

> **RECOMMENDATION:** N/A, Subject's employment contract has been terminated shortly following the evaluation.

</details>

<< [SCP-7516](SCP-7516) | SCP-7517 | [SCP-7518](SCP-7518) >>

=====

> **Filename:** control-room.jpg

> **Name:** File:Nesher Ramla Control room IMG 3808.JPG

> **Author:** Deror_avi

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Nesher_Ramla_Control_room_IMG_3808.JPG

=====
