]

#page-content .collapsible-block { 

    position: relative;

    padding: 0.5em;

    margin: 0.5em;

    box-shadow: 2px 1.5px 1px rgba(176,16,0,0.7), 0 0 0px 1px black;

    overflow-wrap: break-word;

}

 

.collapsible-block-unfolded{

    color: black;

    overflow-wrap: break-word;

 

}

 

.collapsible-block-unfolded-link {

    text-align:center;

}

 

.collapsible-block-folded {

    text-align: center;

    color: black;

}

 

.collapsible-block-link {

    font-weight: bold;

    color: black;

    text-align: center;

}

 

.addendumbox {

    padding: .01em 16px;

    margin-bottom: 16px;

    margin-top: 16px;

    padding-bottom: 1em;

    box-shadow:0 2px 5px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.16),0 2px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.12);

}

/* bhl-style-collapse Sigma-9 Compatiblity Patch */

#page-content .collapsible-block-folded, #page-content .collapsible-block-unfolded, #page-content .unfolded-collapse{

    line-height: 1.4;

}

#page-content .collapsible-block-folded .collapsible-block-link::before, #page-content .collapsible-block-unfolded .collapsible-block-link::before, #page-content .unfolded-collapse::before {

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 130%;

    margin-left: -0.4em

}

**⏲** ~20 minute read 

@@ @@

]

]

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** The following procedures are no longer considered applicable or effective to the referenced anomaly. On 10/24/2022, SCP-7407 was neutralized by SCP-7407-2-15A with no aid or authorization from the Decommissioning Department. Any attempts to recover SCP-7407 have been unsuccessful. No communication with previous SCP-7407-15-B subjects The following note has been recovered from SCP-7407's Head Researcher, Dr. Jackal, personal records which were approved as an important reminder for personnel: Just leave them be... they don't need to be reminded of the past., specifically SCP-7407-15B, should be conducted.

Due to SCP-7407's immobile nature, a small security (Σ-01) and research outpost (Σ-02) were constructed <1km from SCP-7407. Due to its effects, SCP-7407 was not to be contained and was able to be approached and interacted with by the public. Direct interaction with SCP-7407 was permitted only for the purpose approved by on-duty administration; personal use for gain was never authorized. The area was to be monitored by security staff, and any authorized individual who engaged in research and/or interaction with SCP-7407 was fitted with a remote-controlled transmitting device that could be activated from Outpost Σ-01.

MTF Pi-1 ("City Slickers") was provided Clearance Level 2/7407 for the purpose of successfully retrieving and terminating any SCP-7407-2 subjects.

**Description:** SCP-7407 was a rusted metal fence located in the Battery Spencer overlook in Sausalito, California. It exhibited no visual anomalous properties and showed signs of oxidation and decay. Furthermore, previous attempts at damaging or cutting the links of SCP-7407 proved successful. Attempts to relocate or damage SCP-7407 caused extreme guilt and anxiety in affected subjects, followed by death, as shown by neurological activity in the prefrontal cortex with the addition of takotsubo cardiomyopathy ("Broken Heart Syndrome") found through autopsy. On it, several padlocks (designated as SCP-7407-1 instances) were attached to its metal links. 

Once a padlock, then designated SCP-7407-1, would attach itself to one of the links, it would become insusceptible to damage. When an individual placed an ordinary padlock onto one of SCP-7407's links, with their and another individual's initials carved into the side, a series of events would transpire that depended on the relationship between the two people (designated as SCP-7407-2-XA and SCP-7407-2-XB). If the two individuals both expressed feelings of affection towards each other, there would be no rupture to the relationship. In the event a person (-B) did not possess genuine affection for the other individual (-A), the SCP-7407-2-B subject would've slowly begun to fall in love with the SCP-7407-2-A instance, eventually leading to psychopathic behavior. SCP-7407-2-B would also exhibit anomalous behaviors (in certain circumstances), such as inhuman speeds, reflexes, strength, and flight.

Removing the link(s) that SCP-7407-1 was attached to did not remove SCP-7407's abilities on the SCP-7407-2 subjects, thus, the only way to reverse its abilities would be to find the key and unlock SCP-7407-1. Attempts to pick the lock or use other conventional methods also proved unsuccessful.

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

# SCP-7407 Addendums

Listed below are logs, audio recording transcripts, and other information pertaining to SCP-7407 that do not fit above.

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Experiment Logs</summary>

@@ @@

# **Experiment Logs**

**Purpose**: Determine the extent and purpose of SCP-7407. All experiments were conducted with subjects of mixed backgrounds, which included but were not limited to age, ethnicity, and previous sexual history. Listed below are only starred experiments for future research and/or investigations due to brevity:

**##90162D|Experiment 1##** 

**Subjects**: John Karoke (21) and Brooke Lovrin (20). Both individuals did not have any previous romantic partners. 

**Result**: John (-1A) and Brooke (-1B) approached SCP-7407 on September 10th, ████ and carved out their initials on a padlock. They then attached the padlock to SCP-7407 and threw the key into the bay. It is worth noting that post to their placing of the lock, their relationship had been in a lively state. John and Brooke married a few days later after attaching their padlock to SCP-7407. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

**##90162D|Experiment 4##** 

**Subjects**: Martina Vanderbill (19) and Caleb Stine (19). Both individuals had previous romantic relationships

**Result**: On January 2nd, ████, Martina Vanderbill (-1A) drove to the Battery Spencer Outlook and engraved both her and Caleb Stine's (-2B) initials into a padlock. She then attached the padlock to SCP-7407 and threw the key into the bay. She then drove home and received multiple calls and text messages from Caleb for opportunities to talk and possibly have a relationship. Undoubtedly accepting, Martina and Caleb began dating until the night of January 4th, when Caleb was arrested for sneaking into Martina's girls-only dorm room and sleeping next to her, causing a major disturbance through bashing and screaming. Caleb Stine was later shot and killed by local officers after breaking through his jail cell walls and severely injuring two (2) stationed police guards.

@@ @@

@@ @@

**##90162D|Experiment 7##** — [****##E1002A|**Unauthorized##**] 

**Subjects**: Sameh Elsidi (34). No previous sexual history. The second subject is unknown at this time.

**Result**: On February 14th, ████, Junior Researcher Sameh Elsidi was found frantically sobbing and shaking in a janitorial closet in Outpost Σ-01. Once calmed down, they were questioned and put into quarantine for further analysis. During further investigation, they admitted to using SCP-7407, but a few hours after placing the lock on SCP-7407 they received no phone calls or messages from their supposed subject (which he did not give any detail about). After the investigation was concluded after a period of three (3) days, it was theorized that if an SCP-7407-A subject does not have a true sense of affection towards a subject, the SCP-7407-B subject will not reciprocate the same emotions. Due to this, Elsidi could not deal with the fact he didn't truly love the individual, and emotionally broke down. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

**##90162D|Experiment 15##** — [****##E1002A|**Incident 7407-A##**] 

**Subjects**: Researcher Alex Mavery (25) and Eleanor Cameron (22). Alex Mavery did not have any previous romantic relationship(s), besides Ms. Cameron. Eleanor Cameron was involved in several relationships. 

**Result**: Researcher Mavery (-A) requested authorization to use SCP-7407 to see the effects it would have on former partners. Approved by the Ethics Committee and Head Researcher Dr. Jackal in November ████, ████, Researcher Mavery carved his and Eleanor Cameron's (-B) initials on a padlock and attached it to SCP-7407. Immediately a few hours later, Researcher Mavery began receiving messages and phone calls from Eleanor Cameron (-B), filled with apologies and signs of affection. A few days later, the experiment ended with the death of Researcher Alex Mavery and the neutralization of SCP-7407. More information pertaining to Experiment 15 is located in unclassified **Incident 7407-A**.

**Attached Note**: 

@@ @@

**Summary**: On November ████, ████, Researcher Alex Mavery attached SCP-7407-1 to SCP-7407 with his and Eleanor Cameron's initials. A few hours later, Eleanor calls Alex and arranges a time to meet at his apartment. Below is the audio transcript pertaining to their first interaction since SCP-7407:

@@ @@

> @@ @@

> <**Begin Log**>

> @@ @@

> *Faint footsteps can be heard in the background as the sound of a door quickly opens and bangs shut. A slight feminine giggle follows*.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: Oh my god, it's been so long! How are you?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: I'm doing great. It's so good to see you. 

> @@ @@

> *The microphone scratches for a short period of time, indicating physical contact*.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: I... don't know what to say. All I know is... I'm sorry... sorry for everything. *(Sobs)* I didn't mean to forget you. That was the worst th-

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Shh, it's ok, that's in the past. Here, come sit. Let's talk for a bit.

> @@ @@

> *Material scratches against the microphone as quiet sobbing follows*.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: I don't know what's happening. I have never felt this feeling before... ever. What has gotten into me?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Do you remember the time we met?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: *(Sigh)* Of course. It's almost like it was yesterday.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: The beaches of Lake Tahoe. I was with my friends, and you were with yours, and once I saw the sparkle in your eyes... I knew you were the one. *(Pauses)* I forget... it was who that left us there?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: *(Moans)* Ugh, that stupid taxi. We told them to wait a few minutes, but they drove off without us because we didn't leave any tip. At least our hotel was a mile away, and we could walk there. *(Chuckles)* Too bad the rest of our group was unathletic and could barely walk five steps.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Remember how Simon was breathing? We almost called the ambulance because we were afraid he was going to collapse.

> @@ @@

> *Both instances laugh as a period of silence follows. The only audible noise was the heartbeat of SCP-7407-15A*.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: You asked me to take pictures of you walking along the beach. You knew you were stunning and didn't take a second to stop. I can remember your smile and the way the sun reflected along your strawberry-blonde hair... I thought we were something then. *(Pauses)* I just don't know what I did wrong.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: *(Abrupt)* No! You didn't do anything wrong... it was all me. Y-

> @@ @@

> *A knock on the door echoes throughout the room. Someone shuffles and begins to walk towards the noise. A door opens and the sound of radio static can be slightly heard.*

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Hey, Alex... I see you have company.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: *(Cold)* Who are you?

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Officer Bennet of California Highway Patrol. I just wanted to stop by and see how my friend is doing... in private, if we may.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: ... go ahead.

> @@ @@

> *The door shuts as the droning noise of a faulty light can be faintly heard in the background.*

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: *(Barely audible)* She's most likely trying to listen right now so I would suggest keeping your voice down.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Is there a problem?

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Dr. Jackal is requesting the experiment to close. I'd suggest getting the key and unlocking your padlock... now.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: I... I can't do that, Bennet. I've finally got my wish.

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Alex, you are playing with fire here. We won't be able to stop this if it gets too far. *(Stern)* You know what happened in Experiment 4. 

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: You have no idea how much I've prayed for this. Is it just by coincidence I was placed into this project? This has to mean something, no, this is something. I know it.

> @@ @@

> *Agent Bennet begins to say something but the door beside them abruptly opens*.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: You love birds done making out yet?

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: *(To Alex)* Just... make the right choices. *(Pauses)* I'll see you tomorrow, same time, ready to go.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Alright, until then...

> @@ @@

> *Heavy footsteps walk away from the microphone as the ding of an elevator is faintly heard. The door shuts and someone sighs sharply*.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: What was that about?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Nothing. Are you hungry?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: *(Giggles)* Starving.

> @@ @@

> <**End Log**>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Interview Log 7407-2-15A</summary>

@@ @@

# **Interview Log 7407-2-A**

**Date:** November ██, ████

**Interviewee**: Researcher Alex Mavery

**Interviewer**: Dr. Jackal

**Notes**: SCP-7407-2-15A, Researcher Alex Mavery, was brought in for questioning due to frantic phone calls for help to SCP-7407 security. They have been recovered an hour prior to the interview and have been cleared for questioning by an on-site psychologist. Further investigations are to be initiated immediately.

> **<Begin Log>**

> @@ @@

>  **Dr. Jackal**: Please identify yourself.

> @@ @@

>  **SCP-7407-2-15A**: *(Incoherent muttering)* I... love her.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: Do you know who you are? Your name?

> @@ @@

>  **SCP-7407-2-15A**: *(Looks up at Dr. Jackal)* My… my name is Alex Mavery. B-Born on May 16th... 1998.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: That's good. Just to inform you, if at any point you feel uncomfortable, sick, anxious, or experiencing any other negative emotions, please let me know. *(Sighs)* How are you feeling, Alex?

> @@ @@

>  **SCP-7407-2-15A**: I… I don't even know how to describe this. This feeling of emptiness no matter what I do... it just doesn’t go away. Like something is missing deep within my chest.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: When was the first time you felt that way?

> @@ @@

>  **SCP-7407-2-15A**: I don't remember feeling anything different.

> @@ @@

>  **Dr. Jackal**: Do you know why you're here? Why you called us? Did -15B int-

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Don't call her that.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: Sorry... did Eleanor interact with you at all? Is there any reason why you would have trouble remembering what happened a few hours ago?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: *(Hesitates)* She... *(sobbing)* It's like I can't... I can't live without her... but she isn't herself. I don't know what that thing is... but it is not her. It's not my Eleanor. 

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: I understand Dr. Mavery, but could you tell me what she did?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: *(Stares at his feet)* I was stupid. I allowed myself to be fed a lie. 

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: I understand you're troubled right now, but you have to be clear with me. We can't help you if you don't talk with me. What happened tonight?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: *(Looks up)* She... she was in my room, Doctor. She came in through the window... on the twenty-first floor. She climbed... to the top. *(Sobbing)* She wouldn't let me go. She didn't stop. She didn't even flinch when I stabbed her in the throat. Oh... *(Breathes heavily)* Please, Simon... I want this to stop.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: You should've stopped it when I told you to... now you have no idea where you put the key.

> @@ @@

> *Silence fills the room for seventeen seconds until Dr. Jackal clears his throat. The door to the interview room opens as Agent Bennet steps inside and closes the door behind him*.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: Is there anything else you'd like to add before I leave this room?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Do you ever look up at the sky and think about how small you are?

> @@ @@

> *Dr. Jackal doesn't respond and SCP-7407-2-15A begins to slightly chuckle*

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: We're just small... things... specks in a night sky, yet, we have the powerful ability to love. To... feel... do something you don't even understand. I find it so cruel to let people love you. All you're doing is promising you’ll one day break their hearts. *(Pauses)* Do you even care?

> @@ @@

> *Silence fills the room as the only audible noise is the ticking of a clock*.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: *(Sigh)* For now, Alex, that key is our number one priority. Agent Bennet will escort you back to your residence. 

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: No... No, I... I can't go back there. Please, you have to l-

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: This isn't a housing facility, Alex, I don't have anywhere to put you. We'll have security monitor your apartment, and tomorrow you'll go and unlock your padlock with Bennet. Find the key. 

> @@ @@

> *SCP-7407-2-15A stands up as the metal chair slides across the concrete floor. The creak of hinges can be heard which is followed by the sound of a door closing*.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: The kid is distressed, Agent. I don't know what to do to help him. Make sure he gets home safe and stays there. *(Pauses)* And keep him company. He's not scared of her coming back, he's scared of what comes next. 

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Will do, Doctor. 

> @@ @@

> <**End Log**>

@@ @@

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Incident 7407-A</summary>

@@ @@

# Incident 7407-A

**Summary**: ~16 hours after Interview Log 7407-B occurred, SCP-7407-2-15A, Alex Mavery, neutralized SCP-7407. Knowing the whereabouts of SCP-7407 as well as its vulnerability, SCP-7407-2-15A stole a nearby CAT© D2 dozer, slammed into SCP-7407, and brought himself down with SCP-7407 into the bay. As confirmed through autopsy, the subject died of "a broken heart" before they were suffocated and encased by debris. The event is transcribed below with a call to Eleanor Cameron (-15B) as well as a call to Agent Bennet Head of Outpost Σ-01 security.

@@ @@

> **<Begin Log>**

> @@ @@

> *At this time, SCP-7407-2-15A contacted through phone call SCP-7407-2-15B as she immediately answered*.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: It's so good to hear from you. Where a-

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Eleanor, where's the key?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: What do you mean, honey? 

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: I said where is the damn key!

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: *(Giggles)* That thing? I swallowed it. 

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: When?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: Does it really m-

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: I said fucking when!

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: While you were too busy talking to that man, I found it. I knew the only thing keeping you and me apart was that key. It's official now! We can be together... forever. Isn't that what you wanted from me? Isn't that why you put that lock? To show how much you loved me?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: N-No… I-

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: You can’t find anybody like me… I’m the only one that figured you out. Stop trying to hide from me. 

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Eleanor… what has gotten into you? 

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15B**: Alex... I need you to tell me where you're going right fucking now. I will eventually find you. You can't just run aw-

> @@ @@

> *Call to Eleanor is ended and Alex dials Agent Bennet's phone number*.

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: California Highway Patrol, this is Officer Bennet. Who am I speaking with?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: *(Heavy breathing and sobbing)* Alex... Mavery. Bennet... please, you... you gotta help me.

> @@ @@

> *At this time, Agent Bennet dispatches Pi-1 unit to SCP-7407 and to Alex's location*.

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Shit. Alex, are you ok? Are you hurt?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: N-No... I... I don't... *(sobbing)* I can't stop her.

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: You'll be ok; help is on the way. Just sit tight.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: *(Pauses)* The whole ride I was thinking... thinking about that day. The day I decided to use that fucking nightmare of a fence. *(Pauses)* I knew I was not strong enough, not smart enough, not good-looking enough. There are other guys better than me in every way possible. I thought maybe... just maybe... if I use this opportunity things will change.

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: And they did Alex, you got your wish. Although it wasn't the outcome you wa-

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: This is not what I wanted... I never asked for this. I never asked for this to happen to her. The day I sat there waiting for my turn like she was some fucking toy. I thought that she loved me, and I developed hope again. She started talking to me, and for once I thought somebody actually gave a shit.... but I know... *(Pauses)* I know it's all a fucking lie. I can't look her dead in the eye anymore.... there isn't a spark. After... *(quiet sobbing)* all those years... of having that same repeating cycle of r-rejection, this... this is no better. 

> @@ @@

> *A period of silence interrupts SCP-7407-2-15A as he starts laughing to himself*.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: It's getting to the point where I'm wondering what it's gonna take for me to find someone. I've gone this long never having feelings for someone, and the first girl that I fall for doesn't truly feel the same way about me. Is it that fucking hard to find someone to love?

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Listen, you'll be alright. Can you tell me you're safe? Where are you going?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: I'm going to end it.

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Alex, what are you talking about?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: That stupid fucking fence. That's the thing that's causing all of this shit. I'm going to take that fucker down if it's the last thing I do. I'll take it down with me if I need to.

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Alex, we don't know what will happen if you do that. [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7306 Don't do something that you'll regret.]

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Shut the fuck up, Bennet! You have no idea what I'm going through. The love of your life chasing you and trying to kill you? You don't know anything!

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Calm down. Stop the car; we can talk. We can help you.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: *(Nervously chuckles)* I'm not in no car, Bennet. Remember that dozer by the outpost?

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Alex. Please... don't do this. Don't go down like this.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: Fuck, Bennet, what do you want me to say?

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: I don't need you to say anything I just need you to stop fucking driving. You're not thinking straight, and this can easily be resolved.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: All I wanted was someone to think of me more. Maybe... maybe I just don't know love yet... maybe I don't deserve it.  

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: You do, and you can still have it. We can work it out and fix this. There is no problem too big for us to fix. All I need you to do is, Stop. Fucking. Driving.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-7407-2-15A**: It's not fair... It's not fair to her. I got her into this, and I need to get her out. Just tell her I lo-... tell her I cared for her... please.

> @@ @@

> **Agent Bennet**: Ale-

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> **##90162D|[Call Ended]##**

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> **<End Log>**

@@ @@

**Closing Statement**: After Mobile Task Force Pi-1 arrived on the scene and discovered SCP-7407 and SCP-7407-2-15A at the bottom of the bay, Agent Bennet resigned as an agent for personal reasons. Several days after Incident 7407-B, multiple instances of SCP-7407-1 previously attached to SCP-7407 were discovered on shore. During examination, all initials were scrubbed out, and the padlocks were opened despite previously being attached to SCP-7407. Based on this information, SCP-7407 was determined to be neutralized, and its containment level was updated. The staff of Outpost Σ-01 has been transferred to other Foundation projects, but a small team of security personnel stationed at Σ-01 will continue to monitor the crash site and report any findings to Dr. Jackal. SCP-7407-2-15B is not to be interviewed.

@@ @@

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Unnamed Addendum</summary>

@@ @@

# **Unnamed Addendum**

**Date:** December 1st, ████

**Interviewee**: Dr. Jackal

**Interviewer**: EC-██

**Notes**: Prior to Incident 7407-B, EC-██ interviews Dr. Jackal for the official close on the SCP-7407 project. Below is an audio transcript of the meeting.

> **<Begin Log>**

> @@ @@

>  **Dr. Jackal**: Alright, well, good morn-, ah... I see you've already started getting yourself started.

> @@ @@

>  **EC-██**: Sorry about that, doctor. As you see, I'm in a bit of a rush. 

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: No problem; I get that. We all want this to be put behind us. 

> @@ @@

> *Dr. Jackal hands over a folder containing all the information on SCP-7407. EC-██ goes through them, verifying their contents, then stamping them with the word neutralized on the front cover.*

> @@ @@

>  **EC-██**: *(Mutters)* Shame this piece of shit couldn't be moved to a proper facility. It caused a lot of destruction in more ways than one.

> @@ @@

>  **Dr. Jackal**: Did you know that Ms. Cameron was a civilian?

> @@ @@

> **EC-██**: *(Stops stamping)* Pardon?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: Did you know that Ms. Cameron was a civilian when they authorized Experiment 15?

> @@ @@

> **EC-██**: Did I have any knowledge that your researcher would lose the key? No, I didn't. Now, please, let me fin-

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: *(Slowly raises voice)* You bastards only care about hiding this under the rug when it was all because of you!

> @@ @@

> **EC-██**: *(Pauses)* Let me remind you that it was your staff that came to us, not the other way around. *(Continues stamping)* There is blood on both of our hands, but at least I've made an effort to clean mine. 

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: So then, are you blaming me for the outcome of Experiment 15?

> @@ @@

> **EC-██**: *(Raises voice)* Why are we doing this? What purpose does this serve? This isn't an interrogation, and nobody here is facing punishment from the Overseers. 

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: *(Soft)* People have died because of this... and you're treating it as if it's some minor inconvenience. *(Raises voice)* You represent the Ethics Committee!

> @@ @@

> **EC-██**: If you haven't noticed yet, everyone in this organization knows a little about tragedy and sacrifice. It's part of the job. Maybe you've forgotten that you're not the only one. 

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: Do you not know what it means to lose somebody that you love? 

> @@ @@

> **EC-██**: Not everybody is prone to those sentiments, especially those working for the Foundation. *(Pauses)* Besides, he didn't do it out of love but rather obsession. You of all people know that. *(Chuckles)* Hey, what do I know? No one can accurately define what it means to love, *(Points to folder stamped Neutralized)* but that thing did. *(Pauses)* Or maybe it didn't. We will never know.

> @@ @@

> *EC-██ puts all the documents in the SCP-7407 folder and stands up. He fixes his tie and begins to walk toward the door*.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Jackal**: *(Raises voice)* Is that all you have to say? You and your committee just wave around a stamp, and when people get hurt you cower behind the overseers? *(Stern)* Everybody is right about you. Your people are a joke.

> @@ @@

> *EC-██ begins to grasp the door handle, but he releases his grip and looks back at Dr. Jackal*.

> @@ @@

> **EC-██**: We've both made grave mistakes here, and I won't blame you for being upset, but nobody wanted anyone to die. *(Paues)* My condolences go to your researcher, but I'd suggest stop trying to pin this on someone else and find a way to forgive yourself. *(Looks at Dr. Jackal's hands)* Enjoy your coffee.

> @@ @@

> *EC-██ leaves the room as the door loudly shuts closed. Dr. Jackal lies silent in the room for a long period of time before ending the recording*.

> @@ @@

> <**End Log**>

**Closing statement**: After the meeting, Senior Researcher Simon Jackal has been transferred back to his original facility where he awaits future projects. With the SCP-7407 file closed, no further addendums or edits will take place unless SCP-7407's object class changes. 

@@ @@

</details>

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7406](SCP-7406) | SCP-7407 | [SCP-7408](SCP-7408) >>

> **Filename:** IMG_2887.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7407)
