Info about the article

**SCP-7322** - Rejection

**Author:** 

⚠️ **Content warning:** Implied child abuse (authoritarian parenting).

.flashing-text::after {

  animation-name: fade-text-1;

  animation-duration: 15.5s;

  animation-iteration-count: infinite;

  content: "";

  animation-fill-mode: both;

  animation-timing-function: steps(3, end);

}

@keyframes fade-text-1 {

  0% { content: "a cool"; font-weight: bold; color: red }

  20% { content: "a funny" ; font-weight: bold; color: orange }

  40% { content: "an awesome"; font-weight: bold; color: cyan }

  60% { content: "a cute"; font-weight: bold; color: blue }

  80% { content: "a lovable"; font-weight: bold; color: purple }

  100% { content: "an honest"; font-weight: bold; color: black }

}

.flashing-text-2::after {

  animation-name: fade-text-2;

  animation-duration: 20.5s;

  animation-iteration-count: infinite;

  content: "";

  animation-fill-mode: both;

  animation-timing-function: steps(3, end);

}

@keyframes fade-text-2 {

  0% { content: "dragon"; font-weight: bold; color: black }

  20% { content: "wizard" ; font-weight: bold; color: purple }

  40% { content: "truth-teller"; font-weight: bold; color: blue }

  60% { content: "kid"; font-weight: bold; color: cyan }

  80% { content: "grown-up"; font-weight: bold; color: orange }

  100% { content: "person"; font-weight: bold; color: red }

}

~~~~~

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation staff must have a confirmed CRVCognitive Resistance Value of 3 or higher before being allowed to directly interact with SCP-7322.

SCP-7322 must be manipulated into telling the truth and confessing to lies at every opportunity. It is necessary to condition SCP-7322 into being as truthful as possible.

SCP-7322 is not to be recorded in any capacity outside of testing or described outside of this article.

**Description:** SCP-7322 is 

 contained at Site-19.

SCP-7322 also has the added property of causing any lie it tells about itself to appear true, regardless of contradiction, whenever it is observed or recorded. SCP-7322's lies will change the subject's appearance or description in documentation regardless of contradiction; excessive application of this ability can render it a cognitohazard capable of causing mild injurySymptoms include headaches, nausea, and disorientation. to unprepared observers.

**Addendum 7322-1:**

Research suggests that a "lie", as determined by SCP-7322's anomalous nature, is based on collective perception of SCP-7322's true form, rather than its own perception and self-image.

For instance, most Foundation staff consider the subject short. Therefore, if the subject claims to be tall, that would be considered a lie, regardless of what the subject itself believed.

As such, it is necessary to make SCP-7322 only speak of itself in ways that align with Foundation perceptions, rather than its own; only by meeting this condition can it be deemed "truthful" and rewarded. 

**Incentives:**

SCP-7322 is allowed the following benefits for being "truthful":

* Playtime with select Foundation staff.

* Dessert.

* Television access.

Additional rewards may be provided for confessions that significantly reduce the severity of its presence.

These privileges are to be temporarily revoked if SCP-7322 lies or changes in appearance.  Any notable changes in the subject's appearance are to be reported immediately to Dr. Neptune so that he may assign an appropriate reward or punishment.

**Addendum 7322-2:**

Repeated testing suggests that amnesticizing staff members SCP-7322 has developed a friendly rapport with is a sufficient punishment if used sparingly. It is to be used whenever the subject borders on boldness or defiance as a means of making it more obedient and "truthful".

<< [SCP-7321](SCP-7321) | SCP-7322 | [SCP-7323](SCP-7323) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
