]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7369 is to be surrounded by an electric fence two miles outside SCP-7369, which must be patrolled by security personnel. Security personnel are to prevent SCP-7369-ASee Description instances from leaving. Cover stories about why SCP-7369-A instances cannot leave, such as viral outbreaks and road repair, can be found in Document 7369-C, provided to all SCP-7369 security personnel. A checkpoint will be placed on the main road leading out of SCP-7369. It must be manned by security personnel at all times. All communication out of SCP-7369 is to be intercepted and blocked. 

If any SCP-7369-A instances are located trying to leave SCP-7369, they are to be detained, interrogated, amnestised and returned to SCP-7369.

Only staff with Level-3 Clearance and above are permitted entry into SCP-7369.  

**Description:** SCP-7369 is the town of Portsden, Ohio. SCP-7369 has a population of 42,000, all resembling baseline *Homo sapiens*. SCP-7369 possesses infrastructure typical of a town of its size, including but not limited to: local fast food establishments, a hospital, a high school, an 'upper class' district and a police station. No records of a town named Portsden in the region have been found. SCP-7369 is subjected to cyclical anomalous events, henceforth referred to as 'cycles'. A typical cycle in SCP-7369 begins at 9 am UTC, when all inhabitants of SCP-7369 will awaken, and lasts exactly 24 hours. After that time has passed, the cycle will 'reset' SCP-7369. Any damage sustained to either infrastructure within SCP-7369, or the inhabitants of SCP-7369 will be repaired instantly. Any supplies, including food, fuel and luxuries, will instantly reappear at the beginning of each cycle. Further details on these cycles' specifics can be found in this document.

The inhabitants of SCP-7369Hereby collectively referred to as SCP-7369-A. can be divided into secondary and primary entities. 

Secondary entities consist of 41,995 of the 42,000 SCP-7369-A instances. The majority of these SCP-7369-A instances are largely automated humanoids. Despite their close resemblance to *Homo sapiens*, these SCP-7369-A instances are only capable of basic human social interactions and behaviour, such as walking, holding down employment, driving and purchasing items from stores. However, when observation of several SCP-7369-A instances was maintained throughout a full day, they were noted as largely only walking in circles, up and down the same street multiple times and repeatedly entering and exiting buildings without any clear purpose. Several instances were observed to go without food, water or blinking for a full day. When talking to other SCP-7369-A instances, they only communicate via unintelligible murmurs but can speak fluent English if approached, but most instances will avoid long conversations. Most of the personalities of SCP-7369-A instances noticeably lack advanced social skills and the ability to express significant emotions. 

<details>
<summary>+ Access Interview Log 7369-1?</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7369-A Instance (Referred to as SCP-7369-A1 during this interview)

> 

> **Interviewer:** Agent Nathan Thrawn 

> 

> **Foreword:** On the 17th of December 1989, during the initial exploration of SCP-7369, Agent Thrawn, under orders from his superiors, attempted to interview a nearby SCP-7369-A instance. The following is a transcript of that interview.  

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Agent Thrawn:** Hello, sir. May I ask you a few questions?

> 

> **SCP-7369-A1:** What?

> 

> **Agent Thrawn:** I had some questions, that's all. Would you mind telling me your name?

> 

> **SCP-7369-A1:**...Thrawn

> 

> **Agent Thrawn:** Same name as me? Quite the coincidence, wouldn't you agree?

> 

> **SCP-7369-A1:** Late. *SCP-7369-A1 attempts to leave but is stopped by Agent Thrawn.*

> 

> **Agent Thrawn:** Hold on there! I still have questions. How old are you? 

> 

> *SCP-7369-A1 does not answer, simply looking at Agent Thrawn*

> 

> **Agent Joseph Clarke:** Do you have any family? What can you tell me about Portsden? What do you do for a living?

> 

> *SCP-7369-A1 does not respond to these questions.* 

> 

> **Agent Thrawn:** Are you feeling alright, sir?

> 

> **SCP-7369-A1:** Late. Goodbye.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Following this statement, SCP-7369-A1 walked away from Agent Thrawn and entered a crowd of SCP-7369-A instances. Agent Thrawn soon lost track of SCP-7369-A1. No other SCP-7369-A Instances have responded to questioning.

</details>

Amongst these secondary entities, several 'higher functioning' instances are shown to be more advanced in behaviour. These SCP-7369-A instances notably possess advanced social skills and the ability to express sympathy and empathy. These instances have consistently performed duties that lower functioning instances could not do. Each of these higher functional instances fulfils key roles within SCP-7369. Examples of these instances include but are not limited to: all emergency services, the mayor of SCP-7369, the proprietor of the local fast-food chain, the local news anchor and the head physician at the hospital located in SCP-7369. 

Despite being more socially and emotionally intelligent than other SCP-7369-A instances, these higher-functioning instances have been observed to possess exaggerated behavioural patterns. Including but not limited to: paranoia, sexual deviancy, greed, and politeness. Many of these instances have also been observed to play major roles in the inciting incident and the subsequent sequence of events of a cycle, with more than a few of these incidents being a direct result of the actions of these instances.

<details>
<summary>+ Access Interview Log 7369-2?</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7369-A Instance (referred to as SCP-7369-A2 during this interview)

> 

> **Interviewer:** Agent Dominic Miles

> 

> **Foreword:** The following is a transcript of the first interview of a 'higher functioning' SCP-7369-A instance on 29th April 1990. Within SCP-7369, SCP-7369-A2 serves as the local and only occupational therapist. The exaggerated behavioural pattern of this instance is a prominent belief that the only treatments required for those needing its services are massages on the affected area. 

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Agent Miles:** Hello? Are you Doctor Micheal Stephens?SCP-7369-A2's given name. 

> 

> **SCP-7369-A2:** Why yes, that's me! Do you have an appointment? I've got a massage table ready!

> 

> **Agent Miles:** No thanks, I was just hoping I could ask you some questions. 

> 

> **SCP-7369-A2:** Oh sure, go right ahead. After that, I can massage your leg to help with the stiffness.It should be noted that Agent Miles had no injuries in his leg at this time. 

> 

> **Agent Miles:** Right. Well, I was wondering about your...methods. I've noticed you've given out a lot of massages. 

> 

> **SCP-7369-A2:** Oh, yes! Massage can fix any ache of the bone or strain of the muscle! I can show you if you'd like. 

> 

> **Agent Miles:** No thanks. I was wondering how you came to that conclusion.

> 

> **SCP-7369-A2:** Well, my father taught me. And his father before him, and his father before him. We all knew the power of massage. 

> 

> **Agent Miles:** And does it work?

> 

> **SCP-7369-A2:** Infrequently.

> 

> **Agent Miles:** How infrequently? 

> 

> **SCP-7369-A2:** Never. 

> 

> **Agent Miles:** But why do you do it? Why not learn another way?

> 

> **SCP-7369-A2:** Well, it's the way I am, how I've always been. Massage makes people so happy. If the people keep coming here and leaving with a smile, then who cares? 

> 

> **Agent Miles:** Why not just become a masseur? 

> 

> **SCP-7369-A2:** Because I'm a physical therapist! Not a masseur. You sound crazy!

> 

> **Agent Miles:** Right. Well, I should be off. Thanks for your time. 

> 

> **SCP-7369-A2:** Oh wait! Before you go, one question.

> 

> **Agent Miles:** Yes?

> 

> **SCP-7369-A2:** Would you like a massage?

> 

> **<End Log>**

</details>

The primary entities comprise the town's remaining population, specifically the five members of the 'Hayes' family. The Hayes family consists of AlfredSCP-7369-1 and Ruby HayesSCP-7369-2, the mother and father, and their three children, EllieSCP-7369-3, RaySCP-7369-4 and Sara.SCP-7369-5 Aged 38, 40, 14, 10 and 1, respectively. Within the household, these instances perform the following roles: SCP-7369-1 is the provider for the other instances, SCP-7369-2 is a housewife, and SCP-7369-3 through 5 are their children.

Unlike other SCP-7369-A instances, SCP-7369-1 through 5 are shown to require the same nutritional standards and possess the same behavioural patterns as baseline *Homo sapiens*. Furthermore, their personalities are fully developed instead of the limited or singular personalities of other SCP-7369-A instances. As of 2021, no SCP-7369-A instances have been observed to age, though occasionally, birthdays have been celebrated.

As mentioned earlier, SCP-7369 undergoes 24-hour long cycles. The events of these cycles exclusively revolve around SCP-7369-1 through 5 instances. Their nature as the focal point of these cycles has them classified as primary anomalies. Within four hours of the beginning of a new cycle, an inciting incident will occur, usually around SCP-7369-1 through 5. The nature of the incident and the proceeding events vary from cycle to cycle. Examples of inciting incidents include but are not limited to SCP-7369-4 being caught shoplifting, SCP-7369-1 getting fired from their employment at a local hardware store, and SCP-7369-2 being late for a PTA meeting. This inciting incident will eventually snowball into a larger event, such as an SCP-7369-1 through 5 instance(s) being declared a town hero or large-scale court hearings.Though these cycles are relatively mundane, a few more traumatic events have occurred, such as natural disasters, extreme rioting and famines. It should be noted that the inciting incidents in these more violent cycles are not abnormal when compared to non-traumatic cycles. However, the frequency of these more traumatic cycles has increased over time. Near the end of a cycle, the affected SCP-7369-1 through 5 instance(s) will promise to learn from these events and improve. 

Though events of previous cycles can be recalled perfectly by SCP-7369-A instances, no lasting behavioural changes have occurred save for in SCP-7369-1. Despite this level of stagnation, technology and pop culture within SCP-7369 remain consistent with the outside world, even though all communication with the outside world has been severed. Furthermore, changes have occurred within SCP-7369's population, the most notable being the birth of SCP-7369-5, the only successful childbirth recorded.

On the 3rd of April 2018, while observing SCP-7369-A behavioural patterns, Agent Clarke was approached by SCP-7369-1. After a brief interview, it was discovered that SCP-7369-1 is the only SCP-7369-A instance aware of the town's anomalous effects.See Interview Log 7369-3 for further information. The reason for this is unknown.

<details>
<summary>+ Access Interview Log 7369-3?</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7369-1

> 

> **Interviewer:** Agent Joseph Clarke

> 

> **Foreword:** The following interview was transcribed shortly after Agent Clarke encountered SCP-7369-1 and provides an insight into life within SCP-7369 and limited information on its origin.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** Excuse me, sir? Can I help-

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** You're not from around here! Are you?

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** Umm, yeah, I'm a census taker. 

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** Cut the [EXPLETIVE REDACTED]; I'm not an idiot. I see you talking into that earpiece; the census hasn't been here in years! You gotta help me! 

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** I'm sorry?

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** Whoever you work for, the military? Men in Black? I don't care! I gotta get out of here.

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** Just one second. *At this point, Agent Clarke contacted his superior to request permission to disclose Level 1 information about the Foundation. Given SCP-7369-1's awareness of the Foundation's presence and possibly working to improve trust to acquire further information about SCP-7369, permission was granted.* Okay, I work for a group called the Foundation, and we're here to help. Are you sure talking to me won't start anything? 

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** Pretty sure. I got my daughter's recital, and I'm going to be late. 

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** We could walk and talk if you want. 

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** Won't matter. No matter what, I'm going to be late. My wife will be mad, and then I gotta jump through a thousand hoops to make it up to them. 

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** So that's this cycle's inciting incident. Regardless, do you know what's going on with this place?  

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** No, I've got nothing. I remember...I remember living here all my life, but...I don't KNOW it. I remember being born in that hospital, going to school here, meeting my wife, getting married and having kids, but...it's wrong. It doesn't make sense.  

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** Okay, slow down. What do you mean you remember, but you don't know?

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** It's hard to explain. I remember my exact birthday. 14th of April, 1966. But...I also remember being a little kid watching The Fresh Prince and wanting to be a rapper. It's like they both happened and...I don't know which is real.

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** And this cycle? It's been here the whole time? 

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** As long as I have been conscious, yeah. My wife was pregnant for EIGHT YEARS! I counted each day myself! But every day was treated like she could be due any day now. And my daughter has been one for...I don't know how long. She's hot-wired cars, driven trucks, fired guns and even stabbed a guy. I...I don't know what's happened, but she's...it's like she's growing up and learning skills, but...she's still a baby.

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** You've never seen anything the cycle can't fix? Ever? 

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** I remember finding my house destroyed once, burnt to the ground, my family murdered...closed casket kind. I sat in front of the ruins of my home sobbing, barely able to contain myself. Then I woke up in bed like nothing ever happened. But I SAW it happen! I felt the ash in my hands! A week after that, a tornado came through the town. I spent...hours searching through buildings and ruins and...I found nothing. I was the only one left. I just walked through the streets, not even searching, just walking. Then the clock hit nine and...I woke up in bed. I don't...I don't even know if these are real or if these are dreams sometimes. I can't believe my own eyes anymore! But if it can fix that, nothing can stop it!

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** How do you cope?

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** Who said I did?

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** Can't you just leave? There is a road. 

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** You think I haven't tried? I've packed up into a car and driven right out of this place. But we always come back, the kids will miss home, my wife will have forgotten something, the car will break down, or a disaster only we can solve will happen. I remember once, I got desperate. Real desperate. I just got in a car and drove. I smashed my phone and just drove. When my car's check engine light went off, I kept driving. When it couldn't be driven, I walked. I managed to reach an old hotel; I booked a room and went to a bar. The bartender gave me a drink and said it was on the house as I looked tired. I don't know what she put in it or if I was having one of those days, but I was out like a light. I woke up in the back of a car, being driven back here. It was my neighbour. He'd been called to pick me up. Said my wife was worried sick. The booze made me blackout again, and the next thing I knew...I'm back in bed. You gotta help me! Please!

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** I'm...sorry that's happening, but...there's nothing we can do.At this point, Agent Clarke broke the established interview protocol.  

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** You've gotta be kidding me! You said you were here to help!

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** Yes, but we can't help YOU. Our job is not to intervene with events like these. Simply observe and contain them. 

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** I don't give a [EXPLETIVE REDACTED] about your orders! If you were in my shoes, you'd be begging for someone to help you! 

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** Well, what if we intervene, and it makes things worse? Say we get you out; what if the cycle expands to the whole state? Or the country? Or the world?

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** You've got to try at least! 

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** I'm sorry, I am, but there is nothing I can do.

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** So I'm stuck here? I'm supposed to just go on this...existence for who knows how long?! 

> 

> **Agent Clarke:** I'm afraid so. You've seen what this place can do; what would we even do?

> 

> **SCP-7369-1:** Make them change the channel.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Following this interview, due to his unprofessional conduct, Agent Clarke was reprimanded. Further attempts to interview SCP-7369-1 are under consideration.

</details>

<< [SCP-7368](SCP-7368) | SCP-7369 | [SCP-7370](SCP-7370) >>
