=====

=====

#page-content .quadrants > div {

    top: 2.25%;

    left: 18.5%;

}

:root {

  --fade-in-delay: 0s;

    --timeScale: 0.7;

    --timeDelay: 0s;

}

]

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** All Site-43 staff must adhere to *Protocol Deostiation* at all times.

**Description:** SCP-7643 is an infohazard that impacts a single individual, designated SCP-7643-1, at a time. SCP-7643 causes an ontokinetic shift whenever SCP-7643-1 interacts with a one-way, non-automatic door. Through unknown methods, Update: See *Protocol Deostiation* for details behind the transfer mechanics. SCP-7643 is able to transfer between hosts.

When an SCP-7643-1 instance attempts to pull a door, SCP-7643 retroactively applies an ontokinetic shift, inverting the door swingThe mechanical pieces of a door that determine if it opens in or out.  such that the door opens the opposite direction. If an SCP-7643-1 instance persists in alternating between pushing and pulling, SCP-7643's effect will occur each time, for a period of time greater than 5 minutes, with no recorded maximum duration.

---

**Addendum 1:** Discovery

On March 22nd, 2023, the following exchange was recorded between Dr. Garrison and Dr. Lillihammer. It is the first confirmed instance of SCP-7643 in Foundation records.

= **Security Log 7643-A Transcript**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Heather Garrison is recorded as she approaches the doors to Testing Room 432-A.*

**Dr. Garrison:** I'm fucking exhausted, can we just get this over with?

**Dr. Lillihammer:** Heather? You're suggesting we, *gasp*, cut corners?

**Dr. Garrison:** Babe. Not today.

*Dr. Garrison reaches the threshold -- she pushes on the door, activating SCP-7643, and inverting the door swing. She pushes a few more times.*

**Dr. Garrison:** Really?

**Dr. Lillihammer:** Have you tried pulling the door?

**Dr. Garrison:** Thanks Lilli, I'll be sure to try that.

*Dr. Garrison begins to pull on the door, activating SCP-7643, switching the door state. It does not move. Dr. Garrison begins to push and pull on the door alternating, in rapid succession.*

**Dr. Garrison:** MOTHERFUCKER I WILL KICK YOU I--

**Dr. Lillihammer:** Are you sure you're pulling it? I know it's a complex concept, I'd be happy to give you some pointers?

*Dr. Garrison glares at Dr. Lillihammer. Though the mechanics are unknown, it is believed that the previous exchange resulted in the transfer of SCP-7643.*

**Dr. Garrison:** Look, watch. Pull.

*Dr. Garrison pulls the door, which opens without issue.*

**Dr. Garrison:** No, fuck this, I'm done.

[END LOG]

Following the above incident, Dr. Garrison submitted a request for security videos, to determine if an anomaly was present; before the request could be granted, SCP-7643 was captured on another security camera.

= **Security Log 7643-B Transcript**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Lillian Lillihammer and Dr. Harry Blank are captured approaching the doors to Site-43's Cafeteria-A.*

**Dr. Lillihammer:** I don't know what's up with Heath. Yeah, she's cranky sometimes, so am I. But today, she was just... more frustrated than normal?

**Dr. Blank:** Hmm? How so?

**Dr. Lillihammer:** Harry, she stormed off because of a door.

**Dr. Blank:** Weird. Maybe there's something else going on?

*Dr. Lillihammer approaches the leftmost door to the cafeteria and pushes on it. SCP-7643 activates, and it does not budge.*

**Dr. Lillihammer:** Motherfucker.

**Dr. Blank:** What's wrong now?

**Dr. Lillihammer:** Harry, this is a pull door.

**Dr. Blank:** Okay?

**Dr. Lillihammer:** No, you don't understand. This is a pull door.

**Dr. Blank:** Yeah. You pull them, not push.

**Dr. Lillihammer:** Asshole. My point is, we both agree that when I push on this door, nothing happens, because, it is a pull door, right?

**Dr. Blank:** Okay, sure, we agree. It's a pull door.

**Dr. Lillihammer:** But it shouldn't be a pull door.

**Dr. Blank:** Lillian, there's no need to be embarrassed about pushing on a pull door, it happens all the time. People forget, it's no bi--

**Dr. Lillihammer:** Harry, look who you're fucking talking to, okay? I need you to understand this; throughout the entire time I've worked on this Site, this door has been a push door. Across countless timelines, realities and simulated scenarios, it has **always** been a push door.

**Dr. Blank:** But your memory is -- could you be wrong?

**Dr. Lillihammer:** Harry. Please.

**Dr. Blank:** Well there goes my lunch. All because Lillian Lillihammer forgot how to open a door.

[END LOG]

Following the events of Security Log 7643-B, it is believed that Dr. Harry Blank became the new SCP-7643-1 instance. The next transfer would be the final one, prior to the implementation of *Protocol Deostiation*.

---

**Addendum 2:** Incident 7643-W

On March 23rd, 2023, Incident 7643-W occurred, transferring SCP-7643 to its current host. The following security log captures the moment of transfer.

= **Incident 7643-W Transcript**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Harry Blank and Dr. William Wettle are seen outside of Site-43, as a heavy rain begins. Both rush towards the doors, which Dr. Blank reaches first. He attempts to pull on the door, which activates SCP-7643.*

**Dr. Blank:** Fuck. I can't believe Lillian gave m--

**Dr. Wettle:** Ha. Idiot. You can't even open a door.

*SCP-7643 transfers to Dr. Wettle, now SCP-7643-W.*

**Dr. Blank:** Well that worked out nicely.

*Dr. Blank pushes the door, entering Site-43. The door closes behind him. Dr. Wettle approaches the same door, and attempts to push, activating SCP-7643.*

**Dr. Wettle:** Wait, what?

*Dr. Wettle is observed attempting to open the same door for the next 4 hours, as the rain continues to fall.*

[END LOG]

Following the events of Incident 7643-W, Dr. Lillihammer, Dr. Garrison and Dr. Blank submitted this file, alongside a proposal for *'Protocol Deostiation'*.Deostiation is defined as 'The act of throwing something or someone out of a door.' After a swift approval by the Site-43 section chairs, it was enacted and has run without issue since, as detailed in the notice below.

#### NOTICE FROM THE SITE-43 SECTION CHAIRS REGARDING *PROTOCOL DEOSTIATION*

To all staff employed at Site-43, excluding Dr. William Wettle,

To maintain containment of SCP-7643, *Protocol Deostiation* has been implemented. Following *Protocol Deostiation* is considered a top priority for all staff, and any individuals found to be in violation will be punished accordingly.

As per *Protocol Deostiation*, individuals are prohibited from **mocking, making jokes at or about, taunting, teasing, or engaging in commentary that could be construed as 'sarcastic' or 'insulting' towards Dr. William Wettle, also known as SCP-7643-W, when he is attempting to open a door.**

Due to Dr. Wettle's [latent abilities](SCP-7000), our hope is SCP-7643 will be assumed as an extension of those effects, causing a negligible additional harm, and containment will be ensured through self-deprecation.

Please note that this does not restrict actions or statements made towards Dr. Wettle during periods where he is not actively attempting to [open a door](Reostiation).

---

<< [SCP-7642](SCP-7642) | SCP-7643 | [SCP-7644](SCP-7644) >>
