[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:classification-effect-source">:scp-wiki:component:classification-effect-source</a> |styles=--] ]]

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Yuji+Boku&display=swap');

@font-face {

    font-family: 'Hiazaifeut';

    src: url(data:application/octet-stream;base64,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);

    font-weight: normal;

    font-style: normal;

}

span.translate sub {

    font-size: 0.77em;

    margin-top: 0;

}

span.daevite { 

    font-family: "Hiazaifeut" !important;  

    font-size: 1.2rem;

}

#page-content div.REDTAPE_paper {

    max-width: 30rem;

}

div.REDTAPE_paper {

    display: block;

    margin-inline: auto;

    margin-block: 1.4rem;

    padding: 0.3rem;

    background-color: #121212;

}

div.REDTAPE_paper div.content {

    border: 1px solid #fff;

    display: grid;

    padding: 10px 20px;

    color: #fff;

    font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif;

}

span.censored {

    background-color: #000000;

    color: #000000;

}

/*Sick translation transition CSS that only works because God want it*/

.translation-swap {

    position: relative;

    cursor: pointer;

    min-width: max-content;

}

.translation-swap .og-text, .translation-swap .tr-text {

    position: absolute;

    transition: opacity 0.3s ease;

    white-space: nowrap;

}

/* Default state */

.og-text {

    opacity: 1;

}

.tr-text {

    opacity: 0;

}

/* Hover state */

.translation-swap:hover .og-text {

    opacity: 0;

}

.translation-swap:hover .tr-text {

    opacity: 1;

}

/* All else */

.vintage{

    font-family: "Yuji Boku", serif !important;

    font-weight: 400;

    font-style: normal;

}

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** Any use or manipulation of SCP-7467 or its instances is strictly forbidden by the *Noroḳránz* *(Noroḳránz)* Law. Furthermore, the following protocols are to be strictly observed by all Foundation personnel and [# Kueše Átigná]Kueše Átigná **Kueše Átigná** @@(@@Daevite: @@[@@[kueʃe ɒtignɒ](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/old-daevite-language)@@]@@; meaning 'blood alliance'@@)@@ was an ancient Normalcy Preservation Organization (NPO) which, together with its predecessor groups, monitored the north-western region of China and southern Mongolia, concealing more than 200 anomalies of Daevite, Mekhanite, and Sarkite origin.- *(Kueeš Áitgná)// members with knowledge of, or access to, SCP-7467-related materials:

# Only the original tablet describing SCP-7467, along with a hard copy, shall be stored in Wing H of the [Reliquary Area-27](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-reliquary-area-27)Reliquary Area-27**Area-27** is an underground facility that serves as both the headquarters for the Department of Tactical Theology and as emergency quartering in the case of a large-scale K-Class Scenario. The site is also used to develop theological weaponry and to contain religiously-orientated anomalies.-. Any other duplicate shall be terminated.

# Documentation regarding the SCP-7467-1 location is restricted exclusively to the heads of Project *Kāishǐ (開始)* and superior command. Relocation or transfer of SCP-7467-1 from its current coordinates is forbidden.

# All confirmed objects related to SCP-7467-2, including any derived, inspired, or by-product artifacts, are to be transferred to and contained within ##red|~~any operational base of the *Kueše Átigná*~~## ##blue|Research and Containment Area-77##.

# By mandate of the Ethics Committee, all instances of SCP-7467-A and SCP-7467-B shall undergo immediate termination via approved humane protocols to ensure rapid and painless neutralization.

**Description:** SCP-7467 is a daevite thaumaturgical transmutation ritual. Via the application of its designated components, SCP-7467 induces a profound metamorphic shift in subjects of the genus *Homo*. The resulting entities, designated SCP-7467-A, exhibit varying appearances from tumors, abnormal growth of body sections, necrosis, etc. While these instances are responsive to external stimuli, they remain subordinated to the influence of SCP-7467-1 with no conscience whatsoever. Incomplete execution of the ritual or failure to synchronize with SCP-7467-2 results in the generation of sub-optimal iterations, designated SCP-7467-B. Given the incomplete nature, their behavior will differ from entity to entity; the most repeated behavior are: 

* Entity mantains a catatonic state, showing normal levels of brain activity but unable to move or communicate.

* Entity adopts a erratic behavior, responding violently to all interaction.

* Entity performs as intended with fluxing consciousness, switching brain activity between zero to normal levels in intervals of 7 seconds to 14 hours with duration up to 7 minutes of consciousness.

@@ @@

---

# **SCP-7467-1** "Urdalal (Little King)"

### — Rsch. Hink'Ieli Guangli

---

@@ @@

Her paranoia was what bloomed her greatest fear into reality. Not trusting even her own shadow only meant that, at the most critical moment of her reign, she had no hands with which to respond.

— Káenti Xofiṭaiṭ, High Priestess of the Henma

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7467-1 must not come into contact with human blood or be worn. Any indication of contamination by blood or EVE residue must be reported for immediate sterilization. Entry into SCP-7467-1's containment chamber is forbidden to all thaumaturgical personnel outside Area-77; only Area-77 personnel or non-thaumaturgical external personnel wearing Level D HAZMAT suits will be permitted entry. In the event that ARad levels in the chamber exceeds 1.0 ARadskCas/m². Used for measuring [EVE](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/goc-supplemental-arad) density in an area utilize for a ritual., the Compound Reality Anchors (CRA) surrounding SCP-7467-1's chamber will be activated until the measures return to optimal levels.

SCP-7467-1 is contained in the Temple of *Haḳei* *(Haeḳi)* sublevel-3 at 46°2'24.555" N, 86°40'47.12" E, permanently guarded by Area-77. Research into the operation or practical use of SCP-7467-1 is not permitted at this time; only research pertaining to its containment, components, or countermeasures is allowed. SCP-7467-1 must not be removed from its current chamber. Area-77 personnel are authorized to use lethal force in the event of any attempt at manipulation or extraction not approved by the heads of Project *Kāishǐ*.

@@ @@

**Description:** SCP-7467-1 is a pair of bracelets made of [# Viellium]Viellium**Viellium** or ***Viátuva*** @@(@@Daevite: @@[@@[vi͡ɒtuʋa](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/old-daevite-language)@@]@@; meaning 'metal from [# Viálos]'@@)@@ is an alloy of bronze, orichalcum and beryllium made by the Daevite Empire. The highest grade of viellium had a pale golden color and was made with 36.5% beryllium, 50.6% bronze and 12.9% orichalcum.- with inscriptions in ancient daevite. SCP-7467-1 dates to the Low Daevic periodAlso known as Proto-Daevic period. Encompasses the beginning of Daevite Empire. From 15,000 BC to 9,000 BC., in the reign of the *Xeátxa* *(eXátax)// dynasty at the northwest Beulaeva Covenant. The primary function of SCP-7467-1 is to control and command SCP-7467-A and SCP-7467-B entities, subduing them if necessary, by activating the SCP-7467-2 instances they carry. 

SCP-7467-1 is composed of 38.5% beryllium, 50.3% bronze and 11.2% orichalcum and infused with irrilite shards. Due to the natural properties of the viellium and the irrilite, the object increases the wearer's thaumaturgical proficiency by 16% to 51%, varying across individual subjects.

Upon contact of the inscriptions on SCP-7467-1 with blood from the bearer, the anomalous of properties the object will activate, connecting SCP-7467-1's host to all existing SCP-7467-A and SCP-7467-B entities. All instances will lose their ability to act independently, remaining in a 'surveillance mode' until they are given an order and/or task. SCP-7467-B will frequently snap out of their control state but will not be able to move, communicate, nor to hold conscience effectively for more than 7 minutes.

@@ @@

### Parahistory

---

### **10th-century**

In 940 CE, the [Abnormality Institute](http:*scp-int.wikidot.com/yixuehuihub)Abnormality InstituteThe **Abnormal Objects and Phenomena Institute of China**, founded between 618 CE and 1115 CE, was the largest supernatural research organization in China up until its absorption by the SCP Foundation following the collapse of the Qing Dynasty.- *(異學會)// came across the remains of Daevite ruins (p. 3) in the present area of Hefeng County (和丰县); on June 15, 940, the Institute established a research settlement focused on investigating the area surrounding the discovery and unlocking the entrance to the structure. A 19-member team was assigned to the settlement to conduct research. Recording their progress on a series of scrolls.

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>▶OPEN ATTACHED FILE◀</summary>

# **TRANSCRIPTION**

### Log Report 01: Team 53 - Ancient Desert Ruins

---

**Week 1.-**

———

The arrival was complicated due to the terrain and climate; we are not used to working under the desert sun, and one of us almost died en route from sunstroke. Even so, we managed to set up camp in the area. Even with the weather against us, we have managed to establish the main store and a community store.

We managed to clear three meters of the building's entrance. We have found nothing but more rubble ahead; we will keep digging until we find a chamber. The insects and animals in the area have done nothing to help the team's morale; with all due respect, Sir, the team had doubts about working on this project because of the desert's risks, and now that we are here, many of our fears have been realized, since one night one of the workers was bitten by an insect while we were sleeping. Fortunately, we were able to treat him with medication, but he and several others have refused to continue cooperating unless we are in better conditions.

There are no further complications with the project; however, over the past few days we have felt like we are being watched from the plateau, so we have established a night watch in case of anomalous dangers. But if possible, we ask that you provide us with more sophisticated weapons so that we can defend ourselves against potential threats or locals.

— ***Gāo Xiǎodan*, Expedition leader.**

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

Days later, the research team was attacked by a local group; the group was vaguely identified as daevite, although several of its members displayed characteristics that differed from ordinary daevites or daevas. There were no fatalities, but injuries causing the delay of the investigation indefinitely for weeks.

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>▶OPEN ATTACHED FILE◀</summary>

# **TRANSCRIPTION**

### Log Report 02: Team 53 - Ancient Desert Ruins

---

**Week 2.-**

———

Unfortunately, our suspicions were confirmed; as we tried to move forward, a group of seven *déwǎ huìzhòng (德瓦會眾)*Outdated demonym of the Daevite Empire in chinese. Commonly used to refer to humans and less commonly to daevas as it was inferred in their own word. attacked us with both arrows and javelins made of blood, seriously wounding the gunpowder operator in the leg and several other workers over the course of the days. We had to treat them and stitch up their wound, then send them back to headquarters. Surprisingly, they didn't try to attack us when we sent him back, so we assume they are just trying to keep us away from whatever those ruins are guarding.

We have tried to defend ourselves, but their blood magic has put us at a disadvantage; for my team's safety, we won't keep trying to return to the ruins, but if we stay here under these conditions, our food rations will soon run out. We will try to hold this position for the next few weeks until the supplies we requested arrive. If they run out sooner than expected, we are probably already be on our way to headquarters by the time you read this.

Injured.-

* Zhū Rú, Main gunpowder operator | Deep javelin cut to the right thigh

* Qián Qīngzhào, Cartographer | Arrow graze wound on the left arm

* Duàn Yǒu, Horse-coper | Blunt-force injuries from stones to the head and arms

— ***Gāo Xiǎodan*, Expedition leader.**

</details>

@@ @@

On July 2, 940, cavalry was sent to the settlement along with fresh rations. Tensions between the two groups escalated with the researchers' deployment of military force; nevertheless, a final attempt was made to communicate with the group, and after a delicate exchange, peaceful communication was established.

@@ @@

# **TRANSCRIPTION**

## **Auto. Romanization: Active(Old Hiázaifeut)**

### Log Report 03: Team 53 - Ancient Desert Ruins

---

**Week 5.-**

———

Just as we were about to abandon the settlement and return to headquarters, we heard dozens of horses approaching us, carrying several kilos of rations and medicine. Their arrival was anything but welcome by the *déwǎ huìzhòng*, who greeted them with stones, arrows, and javelins, but the soldiers' superior training meant this was no problem, and they were able to defend themselves and keep us safe.

The general was ready to order a rain of arrows on the group; I will be honest, I ruth them, so I convinced him to make one last attempt at communication. With my companion serving as translator, we approached as close as we could, unarmed, so we could speak to them:

<details>
<summary>Show Original Translation</summary>

**Me:** Hello, we don't want problems, we just want to talk.

[Unintelligible response]

**Me:** We don't want anyone else to get hurt… and I certainly don't want anyone to die because of this misunderstanding.

**Adult Daevite (Male):** iXadkueg! aMiex eMš Xuravduk Xuex.Xidakuge!  Maixe meš xurvaduk xuxe.

**Me:** I understand that you are skilled in magic, but back there is a host ready to slay you.

**Adult Daevite (Female):** Eaṭil! iMá aNaxuen eXniteafuefut.Eṭail! Miá naxaune xentiefaufeut.

**Old Daevite (Female):** Suxaru tuhufoieg xutá kut ifáebnefut.Suxrau tuhufoige xutá kut fiábenfeut.

[The oldest of the group slightly lowers her weapon, but doesn't break eye contact]

**Old Daevite (Female):** Xutá astáeṭ edáṭefut, adošer.Xutá satáṭe deáṭfeut, daošre.

**Me:** Just. Please. We can resolve this an reach an agreement. I plight thy with my life, we don't know what's in those ruins. That's why we are here, to investigate and prevent the wrong person from finding it. Just listen to us, please.

[The oldest silences the others. After they have spoken among themselves for a while, somewhat dismayed by her, they respond.]

**Adult Daevite (Male):** Xutá iHzá Xuetameg Xuex.Xutá hizá xutemage xuxe.

[All the group lowers their weapons.]

**Adult Daevite (Male):** aMešaz, Xuitḳáeg iMá iHeheftláekt.Mašeza, xutiḳáge miá hihefetláket.

**Me:** Thank you! Thank you... Thank you so much. We'll be there in a moment.

</details>

**Me:** Hello, we don't want problems, we just want to talk.

[Unintelligible response]

**Me:** We don't want anyone else to get hurt… and I certainly don't want anyone to die because of this misunderstanding.

**Adult Daevite (Male):** Retreat then! You have no advantage here.

**Me:** I understand that you are skilled in magic, but back there is a host ready to slay you.

**Adult Daevite (Female):** Fool! All these ruins are ours.

**Old Daevite (Female):** We will defend it with our life.

[The oldest of the group slightly lowers her weapon, but doesn't break eye contact]

**Old Daevite (Female):** It is our duty, intruder.

**Me:** Just. Please. We can resolve this an reach an agreement. I plight thy with my life, we don't know what's in those ruins. That's why we are here, to investigate and prevent the wrong person from finding it. Just listen to us, please.

[The oldest silences the others. After they have spoken among themselves for a while, somewhat dismayed by her, they respond.]

**Adult Daevite (Male):** You can speak.

[All the group lowers their weapons.]

**Adult Daevite (Male):** But, any movement will mean war.

**Me:** Thank you! Thank you... Thank you so much. We'll be there in a moment.

After that brief exchange, the cavalry equipped us with armor and a small dagger, which we decided to discard before going with them. Upon arriving, we noticed that the group consisted of only four *déwǎ huìzhòng*—one *déwǎ huìzhòng*, two *bàn déwǎ (半德瓦)*Outdated word for 'half-breed daeva' in chinese. Mostly referring to daevas born after 1000 BCE. and an elderly *báisè déwǎ (白色德瓦)*Outdated word for 'pure daeva' or 'pale daeva' in chinese. Referring to daevas of pure bloodline, most born between 9000 BCE and 2000 BCE. with metal limbs—with the rest being *chīròu derén (吃肉的人)*Outdated word for 'nälkä' in chinese.; the latter stepped in front of us and asked us to remove our armor, which we did with no objection.

They call themselves *Kuíshe Àodìníào (奎舍奥迪鸟)**Kueše Átigná*, the author possibly wrote it as they heard it. The name remained in subsequent entries of the group in the Institute's records., and this temple is part of an area they protect. When we asked them why they were protecting this place, at first the leader refused to reveal that information; however, after we explained who we were and what we did, she agreed to disclose part of the reason:

<details>
<summary>Show Original Translation</summary>

iVuiit Tuigho Xutá

eṬukamuased Xuizhtál aMašiafi

Áehzhum eBuale eṬukamu eMš aMzpoev

aNixáen aṬulo iXzezax iTivk

Viuiti tugiho xutá. 

Ṭeukmausaed xuzihtál mašaifai. 

Áhezhum beulae ṭeukmau meš mazpove.

Naxiáne ṭaulo xizzexa tivik.

</details>

We look for something similar. 

The weapons my kind created. 

Terrible weapons that should never be named.

One lies in this tomb.

With this new information, we returned to the settlement and explained everything we had discussed with the team. We debated for a while whether we should continue with the project, until we finally decided to respect their temple but establish a perimeter to support their mission of keeping anyone from approaching the area. The group, though visibly distrustful, was convinced by the *bái mó* leader.

The program has changed; this area will serve as a covert surveillance site. We will try to continue gathering information about what is inside the tomb.

— ***Gāo Xiǎodan*, Expedition leader.**

@@ @@

### **11th-century**

The settlement managed to establish itself as an official surveillance site, which expanded to cover various daevite deposits throughout the area. The site [# Jìjìng zhī chéng]The City of the Sun**The City of the Sun** or formally ***Jìjìng zhī chéng*** @@(@@traditional chinese: 寂靜之城@@)@@ was a subsidiary of the [# Abnormality Institute] and later an independent containment site precursor to the [# Foundation] in Siberia.- *(寂靜之城)*, as it was officially known, covered more than 2,000 acres in the central area, with various subordinate sites guarding ruins far from the main settlement. At its peak, the 'City of the Sun' contained 371 houses, 12 markets, and 1 main temple, as well as hundreds of artifacts, as shown in the image (p.4), all dating from the Lower Daevic period. 

The Abnormality Institute managed to establish better communication with *Kueše Átigná* by integrating them into its staff; under the name 'Project *Kāishǐ*', members of *Kueše Átigná* worked closely with researchers, forging an identity that set *Jìjìng zhī chéng* apart from others sites at the time and effectively operating as an independent facility.

### **20th-century**

Following the integration of the Abnormality Institute in 1912, *Jìjìng zhī chéng* continued to operate independently of the foundation as the operational base of *Kueše Átigná*, along with most of its subsidiary sites.

Disputes between *Kueše Átigná* and the SCP Foundation were quick to follow. Due to the area's importance and the retention of documentation related to the Daevite Empire, control of the zone became a turning point that ultimately severed *Jìjìng zhī chéng* and all its subsidiaries from the SCP Foundation custody. Multiple talks were held with little to no willingness on either side, the director and rajmata [# Dir. Koenti Xofit'Ait]Koenti Xofit'Ait**Koenti Xofit'Ait** or ***Káenti Xofiṭaiṭ*** (Daevite: Káenit Xoifaṭiṭ, @@[@@kɒenti xoɸit'a͡it'@@]@@) @@(@@born [# Viálos]. 14,800 BCE@@)@@ is a thaumaturge, alchemist, engineer, and daeva scholar, leader of the [# Henma], founder of [# Kueše Átigná] and their predecessors, and co-founder of [# Jìjìng zhī chéng] and [# Area-77]. Under her leadership, the various precursor groups to the Foundation in northern China and southern Mongolia managed to contain more than 500 anomalies originating in Siberia and areas identified as daevite.- *(Káenit Xoifaṭiṭ)// and the O5 Council; the greatest progress achieved during this period was the sharing of a limited number of minor documents and a brief exchange program. 

The conflict reached its breaking point on February 10, 1996, when an unauthorized covert operation raided one of the *Kueše Átigná* subsidiaries at gunpoint, managing to steal approximately 117 classified documents, including records detailing the contents of the main ruins protected by *Jìjìng zhī chéng*. 

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>▶OPEN ATTACHED FILE◀</summary>

### Interview with Director Káenti Xofiṭaiṭ — City of the Sun

### By: Researcher Qian Ling

---

[BEGIN LOG]

[Director Káenti and researcher Qian sit in the cafeteria. After waiting a while and having a brief chat, their food arrives.]

**Qian:** I hope you are having a good day, *Kharcist*. Thank you for accepting my invitation.

**Káenti:** Oh, please, you know you don't need to call me that. I'm not even *Kharcist*, we are family Qian. Just call me Grandma like everyone else.

**Qian:** Hehe, okay, okay. Grandma, when did you create *Kueše Átigná*?

**Káenti:** My boy, that's one of the many names the group has had. Let me tell you something. How old do you think I am?

**Qian:** Mhhhh… 80?

**Káenti:** Aw please, let's be serious this time.

**Qian:** Mhhh… At least 3,000 years, which on its own is quite a lot for a Daeva… With all due respect.

**Káenti:** Haha, don't worry. I'll give you a hint… I've seen an entire empire rise and fall an lived to tell it's story.

**Qian:** What—No. Are you saying?… 

**Káenti:** Mhm!

**Qian:** You are… Older than 10,000 years?…

**Káenti:** A little more, but I think if I keep going you'll die of a heart attack. I was one of the first Daevas to exist, Qian, or rather, I was part of the first generation of Daevas over 10,000 years ago.

**Qian:** But. How did you?…

**Káenti:** Thaumaturgy and technologyThe original fragment refers to it as 'magic and alchemy'. For modern understanding, the words has been modified. my boy. My days should have ended a long time ago, but… My burden has kept me from accepting that end. To be honest, there's nothing left of what I ones was now, just a remnant. Sometimes I look out at the landscape and think about everything I've lived thru, all my children I've had to bury…

**Qian:** How many have—?

**Káenti:** This is the 54th group.

**Qian:** You… You saw all of them get older?…

**Káenti:** …Not many actually… There was always people that hates what you do…

**Qian:** Oh… I'm so sorry…

**Káenti:** …You don't have to… Many of them are already a blurry memory, which makes the pain feel less heavy.

**Qian:** Do they know?

**Káenti:** Yes. It seems like just yesterday when I told them. They wouldn't stop whining until they fell asleep.

**Qian:** …

**Káenti:** It's okay, my child. You don't have to feel bad for me. I chose this life.

**Qian:** …Why?

**Káenti:** Don't tell me you forgot what i taught you.

**Qian:** No. I'm very aware of that. But why? You're one of the first daevas and daevites in history… What did you lived that made you walk this path?

**Káenti:** Mhhh… When the sky still bled A phrase from Daevite folklore used to begin, leyends, stories and tales; equivalent to our 'Once upon a time…'., a daevite emerged named *Nihiḳta Xeátxa*, as strong as her mother, *Ivurga Xeátxa*, and every bit the strategist her father, *Tahluz*, was. Born in *Viálos*, one of the ancient capital cities of a thriving empire in development.

Unfortunately, their happiness was interrupted by an unprecedented event. Her parents, the leaders of a young Daevite Empire, were… Found… Murdered in their chambers in the early hours of the sun. Servants, guards, leaders… Almost everyone in the house was murdered in cold blood…

**Qian:** Oh…

**Káenti:** …The poor girl, barely able to process the loss of her parents, rose to the position of matriarch. She immediately ordered a search for her parents' killer. However, no one was ever held responsible. Her pain became obsession, fueling deep resentment toward her people, whom she believed were against her.

Cold executions were carried out without mercy against anyone who contradicted the young matriarch. Under her blind gaze, she found only a light that illuminated her path, an energy emanating from her that altered reality in ways she desired.

**Qian:** She discovered thaumaturgy.

**Káenti:** A very primitive form. But it was enough for her to begin establishing centers of control over her people, or, as she called them, temples to a 'god' who had blessed her, *Haḳei*. She said she had found peace, promised she will bless with forgiveness, swear to lead her people to an utopia alongside their god… All nothing but a slow, silent, massacre.

For years, *Nihiḳta* tried to control her people's minds with cheap spells… Well, they were the best of the time, yet she still partially succeeded, leading most of her people to fall for her lie. At the peak of her delusion, she named her caregiver, the woman who had cared for her since childhood and the only person she trusted, the 'first priestess' tasked with leading the Daevites to the next stage with the help of that god.

**Qian:** Were you her caregiver?!

**Káenti:** …Yes.

**Qian:** So that's how you learned thaumaturgy…

**Káenti:** I was always very close to *Nihiḳta*. After all, I was the one she spent the most time with, and after her parents' death I had to take complete care of her. The position of—

**Qian:** What was *Nihiḳta* like? You know, before… 

**Káenti:** She was a stubborn girl, full of conviction. You could say she was mulish, but once you showed her she was wrong, she'd immediately learn so she wouldn't make the same mistake. She really enjoyed hunting and even participated in one with her father.

**Qian:** Oh, it must have been… It must have been hard to see her change so much…

**Káenti:** …Ahem… The position of first priestess was nothing more than being the public face while concealing the matriarch's real intentions. I… I was nothing more than a privileged puppet repeating what I was told… Augh…

**Qian:** It's okay if you don't share that part. I don't want to force you to remember something like that.

**Káenti:** No. It's just… Don't worry. It's what I deserve for having lived the life I did. I just… I still have trouble accepting it.

**Qian:** I understand… Would you like something, some water?

**Káenti:** Thank you… Hah… You might wonder what kind of things I had to hide. Well, several of those things now lie beneath your feet. One of them lies deep within the Temple of *Haḳei*, the very temple your ancestors came to investigate many years ago.

**Qian:** Oh… Hm… Grandma?

**Káenti:** Mh?

**Qian:** Can I… Know what it is?…

**Káenti:** …Mh… I suppose… Sooner or later I'll have to do it… *Nihiḳta*, in her... Madness, she created a series of earrings that she distributed among her people as religious garments, and thanks to the slight control she exerted over them, she managed to get almost everyone to wear them. First it was the earrings, then the tattoos in the name of *Haḳei*, then the ceremonial necklaces… Little by little, she was preparing her new slaves, and no one but me knew it…

I never understood how she managed to create the ritual, but once the entire village wore the garments, it began. While everyone prayed in unison, *Nihiḳta* put on special bracelets and calmly recited that… Poem…

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:classification-effect-source">:scp-wiki:component:classification-effect-source</a> |block=--]

|declassification-speed=1500

|classification-speed=1500

|content= eNuehnafi _

iVeh aMašiafi _

Aifš iHáalafi _

Tuadebá aTiai _

ePá Tuefgue aTiai _

aDevoeh Kueešefut _

aVdukafi _

aVdukased _

aVdukefut _

iLoamo iFáb iTatrá aHeḳi aTiai _

eBuale aDuhk Tuevro aTiai _

aMašiefut _

aKeefut _

iHáaziefut _

]]

Neuhenfai

Vihe Mašaifai

Aifš Hiálafai

Tudaebá Taiai

Peá Tufegue Taiai

Daevohe Kuešefeut

Vadukfai

Vaduksaed

Vadukfeut

Liomao Fiáb Titará Haḳei Taiai

Beulae Dauhk Tuvero Taiai

Mašaifeut

Kaefeut

Hiázaifeut

The… Screams…

[Director Káenti tries to maintain her composure for a moment before hyperventilating and bursting into tears.]

**Qian:** Grandma?… Grandma, are you okay?…

[Director Káenti abruptly gets up from the table and runs out of the cafeteria.]

**Qian:** Grandma?!

**Káenti:** I'm sorry… I'm sorry my girl…

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

---

# **SCP-7467-2** "Eṭail Kofá (A Foolish Servant)"

### — Rsch. Hink'Ieli Guangli

---

@@ @@

In her grief, she dragged innocent victims down with her suicide. Souls that will echo through history endlessly. The tear of a single girl wiped out an entire kingdom and plunged it into oblivion.

— Káenti Xofiṭaiṭ, The First Traitor

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** Under no circumstances should SCP-7467-2 be worn nor used for its original purpose. All instances of SCP-7467-2 must be kept in permanently polarised display cases. Only pre-approved tests may remove SCP-7467-2 from its respective display case. Tests focused on its consequences are not permitted at this time. The application of runic tattoos in Area-77 must be supervised by security personnel to prevent accidental similarity to SCP-7467-2-4. All clothing accessories made of gold, silver, and/or copper must be inspected and approved by trained personnel prior to use. Any indication of an attempt to duplicate SCP-7467-2-1/2/3 will be reported.

**Description:** SCP-7467-2 is a set of earrings (SCP-7467-2-1), necklaces (SCP-7467-2-2), rings (SCP-7467-2-3), and tattoos (SCP-7467-2-4) that act as catalysts for SCP-7467, dating from the same period as SCP-7467-1. SCP-7467-2 allows any subject wearing any instance of SCP-7467 and SCP-7467-1 to connect, turning them into instances of the SCP-7467-A type; if not all instances of SCP-7467-2 are worn, the subject will transmute into an entity of the SCP-7467-B type.

When activated, SCP-7467-2 performs a series of neurological and morphological restructuring in the subject that is currently irreversible. Due to the prototypical and incomplete nature of SCP-7467, the ritual does not feature Speckmann Rebound Mechanisms (SRP)A Speckmann's Rebound is a method in which a thaumaturge can manipulate backlash to create an opposite source to the one they currently have on hand. causing the backlash produced by the activation of SCP-7467 to be redistributed among all subjects carrying non-activated instances of SCP-7467-2 due to a flaw in the original structure of the ritual, generating violent and in some cases lethal morphological changes. Among the most common mutations are: 

# Development of malignant tumours or teratomas. 

# Uncontrolled bone growth.

# Massive growth of malignant brain mass and enlargement of the skull.

# Gangrene in various areas of the body.

### Instances

---

 Object 

 Function 

 Hazard 

 **SCP-7467-2-1** 

* Mind control.

* Primary receiver of SCP-7467-1.

The absence of SCP-7467-2-1 prevents cephalic mutations but intensifies all other regions. The subject will exhibit periods of temporary lucidity due to the failure of communication with SCP-7467-1.

 **SCP-7467-2-2** 

* Control of the vocal apparatus.

* Emergency receiver. 

The absence of SCP-7467-2-2 prevents mutations in the cervical region, larynx, and glottis, but intensifies all other regions. The subject will be unable to perform vocal tasks and is prone to asphyxiation due to respiratory failure.

 **SCP-7467-2-3** 

* Motor control of the subject

The absence of SCP-7467-2-3 prevents mutations in the upper extremities and gangrene, but intensifies all other regions. The subject will have difficulty moving and may occasionally become permanently catatonic.

 **SCP-7467-2-4** 

* Resonance with SCP-7467

* Communication between SCP-7467-2-1/2/3

The absence of SCP-7467-2-4 may prevent SCP-7467 from gaining control of the subject due to the human body's high natural resistance. However, mutations in areas controlled by other instances of SCP-7467-2 would increase to critical levels, causing a high mortality rate due to biological failure.

@@ @@

### Parahistory

---

### **16th-millenium BCE**

In 15,600 BCE, the first signs of a *Homo Sanguinus* civilisation began to form in East Asia, shortly after the First Diaspora. Officially known as Proto-Daevas or *Beulaevas (eBualeavs)*—'ancient Daeva' by the Daevites—they were small nomadic groups made up of genetically modified humans created by the Fae Empire that spread across north-western East Asia (p.7) between 15,600 BCE and 15,100 BCE, establishing around 300 colonies.

Given their anomalous nature, by 15,100 BCE the proto-daevas were already beginning to display organised behaviour and superior wisdom, which allowed them to advance and expand their colonies. Using a stolen languageTo date, the exact origin  of Hiázaifeut remains unknown. The oldest records only point to a sudden adoption of the language., they developed systems and hierarchies in their societies based on previous nomadic customs: the existence of a main guide (matriarch) and the worship of natural forces. Although it is known that they had thaumaturgical abilities, it would not be until the 13th millennium that they would begin to develop them.

In 15,000 BCE, the most influential leaders among each group of colonies established the first cities that would serve as capitals of their respective reigns, forming the Beulaeva Covenant. In the northeast, *Ivurga Xeátxa (Ivurag eXátax)* established the capital city of *Viálos*. Her reign focused on the mining of copper and brass distribution to the covenant. Thanks to the abundant copper deposits in her reign, *Ivurga* quickly established herself as one of the most influential matriarchs within the Beulaeva Covenant, causing *Viálos* to stand out above other capitals.

### **15th-millenium BCE**

*Ivurga* became pregnant three times, but internal conflicts within the covenant led to the early deaths of her children. In 14,640 BCE, *Viálos*, *Nihiḳta Xeátxa*, the fourth daughter of *Ivurga* and first daughter of General *Tahluz (aThluz)*In the days of the Beulaeva Covenant, only the high-born had surnames., was born. Due to the previous events, *Nihiḳta* was raised under extreme care, rarely leaving her chambers, a trait that made her quite well known in her city. *Nihiḳta* was raised by her group of servants, mainly by her caretaker *Ḳunnaḳa (Ḳunanaḳ)*—A.K.A. Dir. Koenti Xofit'ait—who was colloquially recognised as her second mother.

In the winter of 14,490 BCE, the matriarch *Ivurga Xeátxa* and General *Tahluz* were murdered in their chambers in the early hours of the morning in a plot carried out by their servants. Due to differences among the participants in the plot, including the caretaker *Ḳunnaḳa*, a fight broke out that ended with the deaths of most of the participants. Before they could finish off *Nihiḳta*, the remaining members were killed by *Ḳunnaḳa*, who fled the scene with *Nihiḳta*, covering up the events as a failed assassination attempt perpetrated by non-aligned colonies.

#### ***Henma***

*Henma* was a monotheistic proto-religion characterised by belief in and worship of *Haḳei*: the universe and the concept of 'everything'. Practitioners frequently used brass accessories such as those described in SCP-7467-2, along with other accessories such as symbolic bracelets or pendants. It was not until 14,420 BCE that the use of *Kiázaišu (iKáazišu)* tattoos or paintings—predecessors of the well-known *Tiálḳova (iTálḳoav)* tattoos in later Daevite populations—became common in *Henma*, being used mainly on the upper limbs or face.

*Nihiḳta* was named the new empress that same morning; she reigned *Xeátxavon (eXátaxvon)*In ancient times in the Beulaeva Covenant, kingdoms were named after the surname of their current ruler. from 14,490 BCE to 14,246 BCE, being the youngest daeva matriarch in history at approximately 150 years old. The early years of *Nihiḳta*'s reign were tyrannical, with more executions for 'treason' than ever before. However, in an unspecified year, *Nihiḳta* completely changed her ruthless behaviour to a prophetic and devout one, marking a turning point in the Daevite form of government by establishing theocracy for the first time with the *Henma (eHnam)*. 

Other notable advances during her reign were the development of thaumaturgy and alchemy for religious and private use by the matriarch *Nihiḳta*. Although her thaumaturgical potential is unknown, it is believed that she was a Type-II (Sub-Moderate Threat) thaumaturge. After the establishment of the *Henma* and the appointment of *Ḳunnaḳa* as high priestess of the *Henma*, *Nihiḳta* used thaumaturgy to implant subconscious memes in her followers through iconoglyphsIconoglyphs, iconohazards, or *utuponetin* (Plural of: *utupone*) are physical, mental or temporal anomalous effects that occur when a subject sees at a specific image., this was mainly for the purpose of encouraging the use of Henmic traditions for the execution of SCP-7467. Alongside this, *Nihiḳta// focused her studies on metallurgy and alchemy and forged a pair of bracelets from Viellium—a new alloy at the time—which she sealed for use with SCP-7467.

On the morning of the summer of 14,247 BCE, during the celebration of [# Veanhatai]Daevite New YearThe Daevite calendar considers the end of the solstices (summer and winter) as the passing of a year, adding the current type of the year to its name: _

— Lunar year 3,812 - Solar year 3,813 _

— Lunar year 15,216 - Solar year 15,217 _

— Lunar year 22,742 - Solar year 22,743 *(eVanahati)*, the matriarch *Nihiḳta* recited the poem SCP-7467 as part of her opening speech to the festival. Nearly 4,000 inhabitants of *Viálos*, along with more than 10,000 inhabitants of other cities within the Beulaeva Covenant, were transmuted into SCP-7467-A and SCP-7467-B entities; Archaeological remains indicate that 30% of those affected died during the initial transmutation. It is theorised that only 5% of the population managed to transmute into SCP-7467-A entities due to the ideal conditions required by SCP-7467 for its correct execution.

#### **The Blind Era**

From the summer of 14,247 BCE to the winter of 14,246 BCE, a relentless battle was waged between the forces of the Beulaeva Covenant and the entities of *Nihiḳta*, which wiped out more than half of the Daeva population of the time. This period was dubbed 'The Blind Era' and culminated in the capture of the city of *Viálos* and the subsequent assassination of *Nihiḳta* at the hands of General *Fošenra Mixaota (Foešnar iMaxoat)*. More than 10,000 SCP-7467-A and SCP-7467-B entities were incinerated, and their accessories (SCP-7467-2), along with *Nihiḳta* and her bracelets (SCP-7467-1), were buried in the catacombs of *Haḳei*'s Temple. Her name would be engraved in Daeva history as 'The Blighted Matriarch', remembered as a traitor to her people.

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>▶OPEN ATTACHED FILE◀</summary>

@@ @@

### **VIDEO TRANSCRIPT**

**LOCATION:** Cafeteria/Breakroom, Area-77.

**MEMBERS:**

• Director Káenti Xofiṭaiṭ | *Research and Containment Area-77*

• Researcher Hinḳieli Guangli | *Department of History, Division of Anthropology*

---

{{= [BEGIN LOG] =}}

[Researcher Guangli and director Xofiṭaiṭ arrive at the café, and after a friendly chat over food, they become more familiar with each other.]

**Guangli:** Again. thank you very much, Director, for giving me the opportunity to conduct this research.

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** It's nothing, really. If there's one thing I enjoy more than seeing you happy, it's seeing you grow up. It was… Time to leave the weight of the past behind and establish a better future for you. I suppose this will help the relations with the Foundation.

**Guangli:** Yep. Although, before I send it, would you like me to omit or change any part of it? It's… your story, after all, and I wouldn't want to tarnish your—

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** Don't worry, it's better to leave the story as it is. I spent a long time hiding it. You have the right to know the truth behind this place and… Behind me. What kind of leader would I be if I hid my past from you?

**Guangli:** Hm, I suppose so… Even so, you're still the best grandma!

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** Aww, please, my child…

**Guangli:** Hehe~. AH! Just one more question, Director.

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** Mh? About what, dear?

**Guangli:** It's about the *Henma*… Was it all made up by *Nihiḳta*?

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** Well… Although I still got along 'well' with *Nihiḳta* at that time, she was always very secretive about the reasons behind her actions. When she started talking about *Henma*, she never said more than what I intuited. Although she seemed convinced that *Haḳei* existed… I always suspected that it was more than just her delusion, but that was all, just suspicions.

**Guangli:** And what became of *Henma* after her death?

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** Mh, what could you expect from a bunch of power-hungry leaders. They saw its potential and simply renamed it and added things… They saw the power that lay behind a god to their people.

**Guangli:** Ah… That makes sense.

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** But still…

**Guangli:** Mh?

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** We… We never practised thaumaturgy until much later, we didn't even know what it was… I don't understand how *Nihiḳta* managed to do that on her own…

**Guangli:** Perhaps someone helped her?

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** No, she never spoke to anyone else privately. She kept her paranoia, even though she tried to hid it. And as I said, no one else even knew that thaumaturgy was a thing.

**Guangli:** …

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** Mh…

**Guangli:** …Do you think that…

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** I gain nothing by concluding an answer. After all, it's something that already happened… But I suppose you already have a topic for your next investigation, little one.

**Guangli:** Oh, I wish it were the only one. But I'll have to postpone it, it's a very different topic from my main department and…

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** I understand, I understand. I was just suggesting, don't worry about it.

**Guangli:** AH! THE TIME! I am very sorry to have to leave like this, Director.

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** Oh, please. I had a lovely time with you. Go on, take care and have a lovely day, darling.

**Guangli:** Goodbye, Grandma!

**Xofiṭaiṭ:** Ehm... The...

**Guangli:** MY CAMERA!

{{= [END LOG] =}}

</details>

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7466](SCP-7466) | SCP-7467 | [SCP-7468](SCP-7468) >>

=====

> **Filename:** 6980598e18dd0.webp

> **Name:** dept_logo.svg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 4.0 International 

> **Source Link:** SCP Foundation Wiki

> **Additional Notes:** Converted from webp to svg

> **Filename:** 100.jpg

> **Author:** Photograph from Luther Anderson (original photographer unnamed/unknown)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://eap.bl.uk/archive-file/EAP264-1-8-2#?c=0&m=0&s=0&cv=25&xywh=-198%2C-1672%2C3933%2C8325&open=true

> **Filename:** Bpt6k10470488 f433.jpg

> **Author:** Gustave Doré

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Bpt6k10470488_f433.jpg

> **Filename:** BijouEgyptien_MHNT.ETH.2012.23.54-1-2.jpg

> **Author:** Roger Culos

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:BijouEgyptien_MHNT.ETH.2012.23.54-1-2.jpg

> **Filename:** Electrum_(Oaxaca,_Mexico)_(16674495873).jpg

> **Author:** James St. John

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Electrum_(Oaxaca,_Mexico)_(16674495873).jpg

> **Filename:** Ruins of desert Cathay - personal narrative of explorations in Central Asia and westernmost China (1912) (14783115345).jpg

> **Author:** Stein, Aurel, Sir, 1862-1943 Archaeological Survey of India

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ruins_of_desert_Cathay_-_personal_narrative_of_explorations_in_Central_Asia_and_westernmost_China_(1912)_(14783115345).jpg

> **Filename:** Hallam-nuclear-power-facility-site.jpg

> **Author:** United States Atomic Energy Commission

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hallam-nuclear-power-facility-site.jpg

> **Filename:** Ruins of desert Cathay - personal narrative of explorations in Central Asia and westernmost China (1912) (14596472350).jpg

> **Author:** Stein, Aurel, Sir, 1862-1943 Archaeological Survey of India

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ruins_of_desert_Cathay_-_personal_narrative_of_explorations_in_Central_Asia_and_westernmost_China_(1912)_(14596472350).jpg

> **Filename:** Kaenti.jpg

> **Author:** Cakoh

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-89632/Kaenti.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** Adapted and edited version from the original work of Elamanovaelvina

> **Derivative Of:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Uzbek_girl_in_traditional_clothing.jpg

> **Filename:** Ancient Egypt Jewelry, New Kingdom (27798071253).jpg

> **Author:** Gary Todd from Xinzheng, China

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ancient_Egypt_Jewelry,_New_Kingdom_(27798071253).jpg

> **Filename:** beuleva_map.png

> **Author:** Cakoh

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-89632/beuleva_map.png

> **Additional Notes:** Adapted and edited version from the original work of Ksiom

> **Derivative Of:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:East_Asia_topographic_map.png

=====
