=====

=====

**ITEM #:** {{7683}}

**OBJ. CLASS:** {{N/A}}

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:**

Currently unnecessary. Jurisdiction has been rescinded as there was insufficient evidence to pursue additional action. Further domestic limited monitoring will continue. International cases will be handled by their respective organisations.

@@ @@

**DESCRIPTION:** 

All information compiled post-investigation. This entry assesses a series of similar unexplained disappearances, the most notable one being Abigail Mettner (JUL '08).

# Commonalities between incidents include:

* Sustained nonpsychotic visual hallucinations

* Abandonment of personal effects

* Heightened state of paranoia

* Inducement of consciously isolative behaviour

* [Dysaesthesia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dysesthesia) while exposed to air in the immediate vicinity

 

The Mettner case generally exemplifies the typical occurrence. However, undue public awareness of the incident greatly increased after David Kapca ~~ a photojournalist and the victim's boyfriend ~~ published several leaders in major newspapers to condemn perceived negligence by the West Yorkshire Police. A highly condensed initial case report is as follows.

Mettner disappears sometime on July 6th while on a minor recreational hike at Brougham Steep in Calderdale, West Yorkshire. She is joined on the hike by Kapca and mutual friends Ryan Ines and Sylvie Jeenah. The four start the hike as a single group at approximately 07:30 beside a felled electric pylon in a local field. At some point, Mettner touches the pylon and immediately recoils, insisting that its surface is semi-acidic. Nobody in the party contacts it further. The felled pylon was later located by authorities; further testing provided inconclusive results, aside from trace amounts of proteins detected in its surface rust.

After a minor altercation between the members (taking place at 08:27), they split into two groups. Mettner initially proceeds alone but is quickly followed by Jeenah, while Ines accompanies Kapca. Less than thirty minutes later, Jeenah separates from Mettner. Jeenah claims that Mettner was acting erratic and had asked to be alone, an act to which Jeenah obliged. Mettner at this time takes several images with a digital camera before hurriedly leaving.

Kapca, Ines, and Jeenah rendezvous at the end of the planned hike around 09:15. Mettner does not arrive; the three wait for an unspecified but significant amount of time before searching for her.

Mettner's scattered belongings and trace amounts of blood are discovered by Ines about twenty minutes later under a pylon adjacent to a car path. Specific items (cellphone, car keys, sunglasses, camera) were damaged. Expert examination confirmed that the blood belonged to Mettner, and bloodstain pattern analysis suggested the splatter found was comprised of both passive and impact stains consistent with a source approximately 25 ~ 30m in the air. Her body has not been found.

# 

# There are no records of any standing electric pylons in or around the Brougham Steep area.

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7682](SCP-7682) | SCP-7683 | [SCP-7684](SCP-7684) >>

> **Filename:** victim_sqrt.jpg

> **Name:** Undershirt

> **Author:** Wessel from London

> **License:** CC 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Undershirt.jpg)

> **Filename:** pylon_hunt.jpg

> **Name:** Sizzling Pylon - geograph.org.uk - 515258

> **Author:** Jenni Miller

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sizzling_Pylon_-_geograph.org.uk_-_515258.jpg)
