=====

=====

**SCP-7884:** A Climate Change

by 

*Dreaming of a white Christmas.*

**Item #:** SCP-7884

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** People connected to SCP-7884 have been amnesticised, news and media reports have been covered up; the event is now publicly known as improbable, but not anomalous, snowfall. Danton Low has been decontaminated, collected biological matter is kept in cold storage. The town remains under surveillance.

**Description:** SCP-7884 was an anomalous weather condition that occured on July 23-25, 1971 localized to the small townPopulation of 127 in 1971. of Danton Low in southern La Paz County, Arizona, USA. On the early morning of July 23 heavy clouds began spontaneously forming over Danton Low, after a few hours precipitation occured, composed entirely of small white flakes of human dandruff. This weather persisted for more than 52 hours, after which the clouds slowly dissipated.

During SCP-7884 an estimated 1.4 meters of dandruff fell on Danton Low, most of it was scattered around the surrounding desert by winds.

The Foundation became aware of SCP-7884 and engaged in early containment efforts on July 24, around 26 hours after its manifestation. SCP-7884 was brought to the Foundation's attention by an article published by a small newspaper titled Meteorological Miracle, Warm Snow Fascinates Local Children.

<< [SCP-7883](SCP-7883) | SCP-7884 | [SCP-7885](SCP-7885) >>

> **Filename:** dantonlow.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

Derivative of:

> **Filename:** Flag of Arizona.svg

> **Author:** Madden

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Flag_of_Arizona.svg)
