---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Civilians are not permitted within 100m of SCP-7733, with toxic long-term soil contamination in place as a cover. Due to limited scheduling slots, use of SCP-7733 is limited to SVIC members.

**Description:** SCP-7733 is an electronic device taking up most of the interior space of a 2700m^^2^^ storage facility (Site-7733-A) located in Qaqortoq, Greenland. It is primarily constructed from electronic components commercially available in the year 1974, although it also includes a number of cold cathode semiconductor switches of unknown origin.

Human operators may interact with SCP-7733 from inside a 10m^^2^^ room (Site-7733-B) attached to the outside of Site-7733-A, containing a punched paper tape interface feeding in and out of Site-7733-A. When an operator enters informationIn either Danish or Kalaallisut describing a specific real or hypothetical set of conditions and a possible event that could occur within them (a "query")Contact SVIC-083 for access to the SCP-7733 Operator's Manual., after a period ranging from 5 seconds to 19 hoursNot counting the act of feeding the tape in, which may take as long as two hours depending on the query. SCP-7733 will output one of three possible responses:

* "*Additional Data Requested*": SCP-7733 will specify information not included in the initial query. After the operator has entered this data, or rejected the request, SCP-7733 will output another response.

* "*Out of Bounds*": Confirmation that empirically-available data is insufficient to calculate the probability of the eventThis response is frequently, but not exclusively, given for non-ambiguously anomalous phenomena., concluding the query.

* "*Calculation Complete*": The calculated probability for that event to have taken place, under assumed conditions of consensus reality, reported in units of Drustons (Drst) up to three decimal points, concluding the query.

The Druston unit appears to serve as a unit measuring the unlikeliness of the event. In simplistic queries, it is seemingly based on a logarithmic expression of the probability ratio. It is unknown if this pattern still applies in queries where conventional estimation is not possible. Calculations over 200,000.000 Drst have never been observed, indicating a possible upper limit for SCP-7733's calculations.

Operators may not enter a new query until SCP-7733 has concluded the current query, further limiting the frequency of use. SCP-7733 is able to store information from queries internally, and will refer to it in replicated or similar queries rather than requesting information a second time. 

SCP-7733's methods of calculating or estimating probability, including the initial ability to interpret queries, are currently unknown. As SCP-7733 cannot operate when foreign objects are present in the same chamber as the components, very little is currently known about how the device functions, although the exceptional complexity of function and ability to operate over decades without maintenance suggests anomalous properties.

---

**Sampled Testing Documents (Translated):**

<details>
<summary>Display Testing Documents</summary>

****Query 7733-09****

> **Query Conditions:** A single atom of fermium-259 exists within a vacuum.

> **Query Event:** That atom has decayed after exactly 1.5 seconds.

> **Addition Data Requests:** None

> **Query Conclusion:** *Calculation Complete - 1.003 Drst*

> **Event Outcome:** Not tested in reality

****Query 7733-23****

> **Query Conditions:** A United States 1 cent coin is thrown into the air by Research Assistant Aleia Cole from floor level in an arc approximately 1 meter high.

> **Query Event:**  The coin will land and settle on the floor with the heads side facing up.

> **Addition Data Requests:** 

> * The position of Research Assistant Cole's hand while gripping and throwing the coin (Granted)

> * The year of production of the coin (Granted)

> * History of previous tosses of the coin (Denied, Not Available)

> * The construction material and condition of the floor (Granted)

> **Query Conclusion:** *Calculation Complete - 0.998 Drst*

> **Event Outcome:** The coin landed with the heads side facing up.

****Query 7733-24****

> **Query Conditions:** A United States 1 cent coin is thrown into the air by Research Assistant Aleia Cole from floor level in an arc approximately 1 meter high, in a replication of the previous query.

> **Query Event:**  The coin will land and settle on the floor with the heads side facing up.

> **Addition Data Requests:** None

> **Query Conclusion:** *Calculation Complete - 0.998 Drst*

> **Event Outcome:** The coin landed with the tails side facing up.

****Query 7733-119****

> **Query Conditions:** The weather of Mount Hood National Forest, in Mount Hood OregonLocation of *AAP-1a48r* is observed continuously every day for 12 weeks from a specific point within the glacial valley.

> **Query Event:** A cloud formation with a strong visual resemblance to a member of the infraorder Anisoptera"Dragonflies" will be visible each week on Thursday at 15:04 PDT.

> **Addition Data Requests:**

> * Initial humidity, wind and atmospheric pressure (Granted)

> * Weather forecast for the remainder of the 12 weeks (Granted)

> * Location and angle of observation site (Granted)

> **Query Conclusion:** *Calculation Complete - 1,583.776 Drst*

> **Event Outcome:** A cloud of that description was visible each week, at the time described and from the specific viewing point, for at least 30 seconds.

****Query 7733-7057****

> **Query Conditions:** Research Assistant Houston Carver will make a set of personal purchases at a grocery store, using a debit card. (Full grocery list included)

> **Query Event:** Research Assistant Houston Carver will choose to take a purchase receipt at the end of the transaction.

> **Addition Data Requests:** None

> **Query Conclusion:** *[Out of Bounds](scp-4559)*

> **Event Outcome:** Research Assistant Houston Carver chose to take a purchase receipt.

****Query 7733-12615****

> **Query Conditions:** 5,000 randomly-selected members of Foundation personnel are interviewed about their personal geographic knowledge. (Full list of interview subject names and ranks included)

> **Query Event:** All 5,000 interview subjects will fail to be aware of the existence of Yellowstone National ParkLocation of *AAP-40hs6*.

> **Addition Data Requests:** 

> * Residential history of all 5,000 subjects (Granted)

> * History of Foundation activity within Yellowstone National Park (Denied, Not Applicable)

> * History of Foundation activity within 250km of Yellowstone National Park's borders (Granted)

> **Query Conclusion:** *Calculation Complete - 60,104.952 Drst*

> **Event Outcome:** [All 5,000 interview subjects expressed total ignorance relating to Yellowstone National Park.](scp-1422)

****Query 7733-51446****

> **Query Conditions:** A juvenile male English Mastiff is brought into a room containing an adult human, and shown to that individual.

> **Query Event:** The English Mastiff will change to resemble an adult female Border Terrier within 30 seconds after entering the room.

> **Addition Data Requests:** None

> **Query Conclusion:** *Out of Bounds*

> **Event Outcome:** [The English Mastiff changed to resemble an adult female Border Terrier in under one second.](scp-2420)

</details>

---

**Thaumiel Use Policy:**

The Statistical Validation and Interpretation Committee (SVIC) is an independent internal organization of Foundation employees responsible for the identification and validation of *Ambiguously Anomalous Phenomena* (*AAP*).

AAP are defined as events of exceptional abnormality which do not obviously run counter to conventional natural laws, and which are therefore empirically indistiguishable from coincidences or series of coincidences. This category includes (but is not exclusive to) phenomena characteristic of many probability-altering, cognition and behaviour-altering and predictive anomalies.

The SVIC must employ a minimum of 300 individualsThe SVIC currently employs 393 members at all times. Members are recruited through internal nomination, and must include experts in the following fields:

<details>
<summary>Display Expertise Requirements</summary>

> * Architecture

> * Astronomy

> * Astrophysics

> * Cellular Biology

> * Chemistry

> * Civic Engineering

> * Computer Science

> * Cryptozoology

> * Decision Theory

> * Earth Science

> * Ecology

> * Entomology

> * Epistemology

> * Fluid Dynamics

> * Geography

> * Geology

> * History

> * Liguistics

> * Marine Biology

> * Mechanical Physics

> * Meteorology

> * Mycology

> * Neurobiology

> * Nuclear Physics

> * Oceanography

> * Optics

> * Paleontology

> * Particle Physics

> * Plant Biology

> * Political Science

> * Psychiatry

> * Psychology

> * Sociology

> * Statistics

> * Theology

> * Zoology

</details>

The primary duties of the SVIC are:

* Qualitatively categorize reported phenomena as non-anomalous, ambiguously anomalous or unambiguously anomalous.

* Operate SCP-7733 in order to validate (or reverify) the abnormality of AAP.

* Determine the numerical abnormality threshold at which a phenomenon is formally categorized as anomalous. 

The categorization and validation duties are handled by temporary subcommittees based on the fields believed to be necessary for understanding and describing the phenomenon in question, as well as providing additional data. The abnormality threshold is determined through majority consensus at mandatory meetings of all SVIC members held every 120 days in the conference hall of the Hans Egede Hotel in Qaqortoq. SVIC members active in subcommittees or meetings are exempt from all other Foundation duties. The internal organization and operation of the SVIC is otherwise determined by the members.

---

<details>
<summary>Display 95th SVIC Meeting Summary</summary>

> *[00:00:00]*

> **SVIC-133**Consultant, Professor of Human Psychology, Current SVIC Chair takes attendance and formally commences the 95th SVIC Meeting.

> 

> *[00:38:33]*

> **SVIC-133** begins by announcing new or updated AAP validations:

> * A total of 119 new AAP were validated: 49 below the abnormality threshold and 70 above.

> * A total of 527 AAP validations were replicated: 512 remained within the same approximate range, 14All already above the abnormality threshold significantly increased, and one significantly decreased.

> * *AAP-p16i3*The tendency of a Galápagos giant tortoise (*Chelonoidis niger*), currently housed within ██████ Zoo, to correctly predict the winner of United States gubernatorial elections through the selection of labeled pieces of fruit. (associated with SCP-████-EXA 37-year-old male Galápagos giant tortoise (*Chelonoidis niger*)) decreased from 44,109.139 Drst to 30,013.711 Drst after SCP-████-EX made three consecutive incorrect predictions, in addition to the two failed predictions prior to the 94th SVIC Meeting. As a result, *AAP-p16i3* is now considered non-anomalous, and no longer requires investigation, surveillance or containment.

> 

> *[00:45:17]*

> **SVIC-133** restores order after an outburst from **SVIC-316**Excavation Site Supervisor and vocal conflict between **SVIC-316** and **SVIC-198**Consultant, Professor of Economics and Finance following the announcement of *AAP-p16i3*'s updated validation and SCP-████-EX's consequently updated object class.

> 

> *[00:48:43]*

> **SVIC-133** opens floor to statements by other SVIC members prior to voting.

> 

> *[00:50:09]*

> **SVIC-198** receives the microphone, and begins a prepared speech about the importance of defending consensus reality through a low abnormality thresholdPossibly the same speech given during the 80th SVIC meeting, but is interrupted by outcry from multiple other members. **SVIC-198** abandons their script, and attempts to defend their successful proposal during the 94th SVIC meeting to lower the abnormality thresholdFrom 45,053.398 Drst to 44,105.659 Drst in order to maintain *AAP-p16i3*'s category.

> 

>  *[01:03:26]*

> **SVIC-198** cedes the remainder of their time to **SVIC-347**IT Technician. **SVIC-347** formally proposes that the abnormality threshold be decreased to 43,811.019 Drst, recategorizing 14 existing AAP as anomalous, and **SVIC-198** seconds the proposal.

> 

> *[01:05:59]*

> **SVIC-316** receives the microphone, and presents a series of transparency slides comparing the rate of recategorization following the raising and lowering of the threshold, in order to demonstrate the historical reliability of a higher abnormality threshold. **SVIC-316** formally proposes that the abnormality threshold be increased to 47,636.300 Drst, recategorizing 5 existing AAP as non-anomalous, and **SVIC-284**Telescope Technician seconds the proposal.

> 

> *[01:28:40]*

> **SVIC-038**Actuary receives the microphone, and attempts to show a presentation relating to the financial impact of recategorization, but cannot retrieve the necessary files from their flash drive. **SVIC-038** formally proposes that the abnormality threshold remain unchanged, and **SVIC-110**Consultant, Adjunct Assistant Professor of Theology seconds the proposal.

> 

> *[01:53:01]*

> After no other proposals are presented, **SVIC-133** formally opens the voting period.

> 

> *[02:15:45]*

> Voting closes, and votes are taken to be counted.

> 

> *[02:46:03]*

> **SVIC-133** announces the result of the votes:

> * 209 members abstained.

> * **SVIC-038**'s proposal received 14 votes.

> * **SVIC-347**'s proposal received 71 votes.

> * **SVIC-316**'s proposal received 99 votes.

> * The abnormality threshold is officially increased to 47,636.300 Drst.

> 

> *[02:51:30]*

> **SVIC-133** announces updated categories of AAP affected by the change in abnormality threshold:

> * *AAP-99fal*The above-average tendency for humans aged 33 to die from accidents within the town of █████████, 45,013.345 Drst. (associated with SCP-████-EX) is now considered non-anomalous, and no longer requires investigation, surveillance or containment.

> * *AAP-br0p1*The regular appearance of monarch butterflies (*Danaus plexippus*) in the chapel of ████ ████████ █████████████ during Easter services, loosely correlating with attendance, 47,144.43 Drst. (associated with SCP-████-EX) is now considered non-anomalous, and no longer requires investigation, surveillance or containment.

> * *AAP-f35t0*The above-average frequency of human deaths and injuries due to clear-air lightning within ████████ Valley, 46,339.099 Drst. (associated with SCP-████-EX) is now considered non-anomalous, and no longer requires investigation, surveillance or containment.

> * *AAP-j4j02*The above-average rate of fossil discoveries attributed to Prof. Winslow ████, 46,099.203 Drst. (associated with SCP-████-EX) is now considered non-anomalous, and no longer requires investigation, surveillance or containment.

> * *AAP-p33a9*The above-average frequency of lethal attacks by Anatidae (ducks, geese and swans) on human children within ██████████ County, 47,591.984 Drst. (associated with SCP-████-EX) is now considered non-anomalous, and no longer requires investigation, surveillance or containment.

> 

> *[03:03:15]*

> **SVIC-133** formally brings the meeting to a close and dismisses all attendants.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-7732](SCP-7732) | SCP-7733 | [SCP-7734](SCP-7734) >>

=====

> **Filename:** aapsite.png

> **Author:** Buiobuione

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Buildings_city_of_Ilulissat_Greenland.jpg)

=====

=====

> **Filename:** aapchart.png

> **Author:** monkeysky

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Wiki](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/7733contestmonkeysky)

=====
