.addendum {

    border:solid 2px #999999;

    background:#F5F5F5;

    width:84%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

 :root{

   --header-title: "Blåhaj Committee";

   --header-subtitle: "Blowing the Limits Sky High";

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Under Project SHOREFRONT, the Blåhaj Committee has established an agreement with the IKEA company to help produce more Blåhajar for the foreseeable future. In order to maximize the effectiveness of SCP-7816, Blåhajar are to be distributed to every major Foundation site across the globe for personnel and anomalies alike.**Radix:** Item has been integrated into the Foundation's command structure.

Research into harnessing the abnormal properties of SCP-7816 are presently ongoing.

---

**Description:** SCP-7816 denotes an anomalous phenomenon involving Blåhaj, a 100-centimeter long stuffed toy resembling a blue shark manufactured by the Swedish conglomerate known as IKEA. While physically Blåhajar lacks any notable oddities, they have displayed the unusual ability to heighten levels of dopamine and serotonin in subjects when within their vicinity. These properties intensify when making contact with the object.

Because of SCP-7816, persons have reported feeling *"safe and secure"* after being exposed to Blåhajar for extended periods of time, lowering stress and increasing compliance. These effects have shown to persist even with the absence of Blåhajar for multiple days or weeks at most. Although, it should be noted that representatives of IKEA possess no information behind the abnormal makeup of SCP-7816, with their methods of processing Blåhajar being purely conventional. Investigation has thus far failed to determine a cause for SCP-7816.

---

= **Addendum 7816.1:** Excerpt

---

@@ @@

> The following is an excerpt of the Blåhaj Committee's orientation, conducted by Director David Reindeer on the 19^^th^^ of December 2023.

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

No, this isn't a joke. This isn't some late April Fool's Day prank or the result of some memetic anomaly or the plans of some rogue GoI. Whatever assumption you have about this… admittedly hyper specific department, you can throw them out.

We as the Foundation have progressed substantially over the past few decades as our knowledge of the abnormal spectrum has only increased and our feats grow more and more grand. This includes our methods of containment, our ways of handling the anomalies under our wing. We are constantly experimenting and adapting to the changing environment, constantly innovating and improving in order to keep the Veil under control and to keep the civilians blissfully unaware.

This leads to now with the formation of the Blåhaj Committee. Again, it may seem like I'm bluffing, but we truly did break the mold with this recent discovery.

Some months ago, there was a containment breach which occurred at this very site, back when I was only a researcher. A rabid creature, extremely hostile, had a vague resemblance to a canine if it grew ten times its size. I was evacuating like everyone else before it spotted me and started hunting me down. I ended up barricading myself in my own office as it broke down the entrance. At that point, I was ready to go.

Then, believe it or not, this Blåhaj, this shark plushie I had on the couch, caught the attention of it. It approached me before turning and noticing the Blåhaj. Next thing I know, I see this creature picking up the toy in its mouth before setting it down and circling it. This creature took in its scent, sat down, and went into a slumber. Even after the breach was concluded, there was little to no complications when escorting the anomaly back to its cell, still holding the plushie in its mouth.

It's been dormant ever since, like it never hurt a fly before.

Now, some would simply give the designation to that specific Blåhaj or append it to that creature's file, but I wanted to be sure. It took a bit of convincing, but I eventually got the chance to test out whether it was really an isolated incident. I think we all know how that went, considering where I'm standing now.

But yes, as odd as this is, the Blåhaj Committee will be the future of containment. These shark toys will usher in a more peaceful environment, one where people's lives won't be at risk and anomalies can be kept under control. You're gonna be seeing these guys a lot in the coming weeks. Might as well get used to it.

You'd be surprised at how the best of solutions can be the simplest—or the weirdest.

= **[END LOG]**

@@ @@

---

= **Addendum 7816.2:** Experiment Logs

---

Below are various cross-experiments conducted with the effects of SCP-7816 being the main focus. More tests can be accessed via the SCiPnet database.

@@ @@

**Anomaly:** SCP-096

**Effect:** Blåhaj is dropped off in the anomaly's cell. After a brief moment, it notices the plushie and proceeds to approach and take it into its arms. The entity cradles the Blåhaj as signs of emotional distress begin to waver. Subsequent visits to its containment chamber now consist of the anomaly covering its face with the shark toy.

**Anomaly:** SCP-049

**Effect:** The anomaly initially expresses confusion when the Blåhaj is delivered to its cell, closely inspecting the plushie and temporarily dissecting it. Entity concludes by stitching the Blåhaj and setting it aside.

Levels of aggression are noted to decrease as the anomaly spends extended periods of time holding the toy at arm's length and staring at it in silence. This has become part of its daily routine.

**Anomaly:** SCP-939 instance

**Effect:** A D-Class personnel (D-1211) is sent in to provide the Blåhaj. The instance goes in to attack them before ceasing movement when met with the plushie. D-1211 puts the Blåhaj down and backs away as the specimen nudges the shark toy with its snout.

It lets out sounds similar to that of a human child while interacting with the Blåhaj. Eventually, D-1211 is instructed to play catch with the anomaly using the plushie, which they perform successfully. Similar results have occurred with other instances as well.

**Anomaly:** SCP-682

**Effect:** Ineffective; Blåhaj is destroyed by anomaly upon delivery.

**Anomaly:** SCP-173

**Effect:** Blåhaj is introduced in its cell. No activity is noted for the first ten minutes. However, before retrieving the plushie, the cell's lights suddenly flicker as the plushie is seen stuck to the anomaly's forehead area without warning despite a lack of adhesive. Efforts to separate both entities have failed.

Afterward, the specimen has ceased all movement while the Blåhaj frequently shifts to other parts of its figure when not observed.

@@ @@

---

= **Addendum 7816.3:** Project SHOREFRONT

---

Project SHOREFRONT was devised following the designation of SCP-7816. It entails the distribution of Blåhajar across major facilities worldwide containing hostile anomalies of object class Euclid and above, utilizing its effects to alleviate any aggressive behavior and revert them to a more obedient state. At least one Blåhaj will be included in each area of every site in order to ensure its potency.

In addition to this, Blåhajar will be provided to members of staff to lower stress levels and increase productivity in a working environment. A dedicated storage unit is planned to be integrated in each facility should personnel wish to acquire more Blåhajar for any appropriate reason.

To ease the dissemination process, the Blåhaj Committee was formed to combat related issues. Although, it should be noted that the department is assigned an additional purpose: to mass produce and promote Blåhajar on a more global level, with the express goal of coercing civilians into purchasing Blåhajar. This is to ensure SCP-7816's properties are spread on a wider scale in order to constantly expose escaped threats to its effects and quickly subdue them.

As of writing, SCP-7816 has helped in minimizing containment breaches and difficulties by ~92%.

~~~~

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

<< [SCP-7815](SCP-7815) | SCP-7816 | [SCP-7817](SCP-7817) >>

=====

> **Filename:** blahaj

> **Name:** BLÃHAJ

> **Author:** Michaela Pereckas

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/beigephotos/52391605861/in/photolist-2nPEF6G-2nPEFae-2nPEF8k-2ogrqjd-2nPGSjo-2nDGKpW-2nnT4id-2mYDatS-2nnSWw1-2p4vXRY-2nrJbMf-2oFvVEL-2mvaYBE-2nDHQWw-2nxgMaH-2nxgSus-2peeGFk-2nnT4gp-2nKNYyD-2nnV5SH-2oGLTBB-2nEPFJE-2iyU9DL-2phzMcE-2nGkEPT-2nGoxkm-2nFmbM2-2nFUgPG-2nGDNLK-2nEUsPG-2ontcbf-2nF6YpG-2nG9RxQ)

> **Filename:** david

> **Name:** Reinder

> **Author:** Dennis van Zuijlekom

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/dvanzuijlekom/49599060398/in/photolist-2nPEF6G-2nPEFae-2nPEF8k-2ogrqjd-2nPGSjo-2nDGKpW-2nnT4id-2mYDatS-2nnSWw1-2p4vXRY-2nrJbMf-2oFvVEL-2mvaYBE-2nDHQWw-2nxgMaH-2nxgSus-2peeGFk-2nnT4gp-2nKNYyD-2nnV5SH-2oGLTBB-2nEPFJE-2iyU9DL-2phzMcE-2nGkEPT-2nGoxkm-2nFmbM2-2nFUgPG-2nGDNLK-2nEUsPG-2ontcbf-2nF6YpG-2nG9RxQ)

=====
