=====

=====

:root {

  --title: "SCP Foundation";

  --subtitle: "Secure · Contain · Protect";

  --sidesubtitle: "Secure · Contain · Protect";

}

/* disable iOS cache warning (temp) */

#top-bar .ios-cache-issue-notification {

  display: none !important;

}

Trigger Warning for Self Harm!

---

I see a red door

And I want it painted black

No colors, anymore

[I want them to turn black.](https://youtu.be/O4irXQhgMqg )

(Paint It, Black - The Rolling Stones)

---

[I have an author page now!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/trouts-authorpage)

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7155 is contained in a standard anomalous item locker at Site-76.

**Description:** SCP-7155 is a standard metal gallon-sized paint can. The label on the container reads "Unremarkable." The paint inside SCP-7155 is black and odorless. Any amount of paint removed is replenished upon closing the lid.

SCP-7155 was discovered on 05/11/1955. Further anomalous properties remain unknown, pending further testing scheduled for %%updated_at|%d/%m/%y%%.

**Addendum:** In the weeks following the initial documentation of SCP-7155, a series of edits and comments have been added to this file. Although these revisions are entirely insignificant and incoherent, they have been recovered and attached for reference.

---

<details>
<summary>Access Logs</summary>

---

@@ @@

> test

@@ @@

@@ @@

> Okay I can edit this, thank god. My name is Jaiden Emerson. I'm part of the janitorial staff and i was cleaning the lockers and i spilled this on myself. Can anybody read this? its been a few days since i got myself stained with SCP-7155.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> trying to talk with someone and they're just ignoring me. not like them being an asshole but like I'm not there, i should've noted that before, sorry.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> Should probably tell you how I got on this. I stole somebody's credentials (forgot who but i dont really care at this point) and I keep adding comments. Someone reverted my edits so there has to be somebody there reading this.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> I was just going through the numbers and i eventually found this so somebody must know how to undo this paint, right? This stupid paint just *sticks* to me.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> I've been scrubbing for hours and my hands hurt and they're bleeding. The paints still there and im still stained. This can't be permanent.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> I wish I had a better job than this. They keep doing all their tests like i wasnt cleaning up right after! Those arrogant assholes.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> That was really mean, sorry. I just wish my friends responded to me is all.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> Somebody has to see this, i'm in the cafeteria. Far back corner near the furthest trash can, you cant miss it, and hopefully you can't miss me

@@ @@

@@ @@

> Im trying to find someone that notices me. I slapped someone, i deleted peoples files, i ripped apart someones papers and everything but they just thought it was other things. they have a new janitor now.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> Fuck you. Fuck this paint can. Fuck this itd been too long i considered shooting someone. i got a bunch of trash and just poured it on someones desk and xey continued like nothing. xey just noted a bad smell and kept doign xeir fucking work. right in the trash

@@ @@

@@ @@

> another day. ive considered it so many times but i just have hope they will notice me someday. maybe tomorrow, thats always another day! another day of hope. another day of this hell

@@ @@

@@ @@

> Doesnt matter anyways. i keep seeing that word. unremarkable. the can is unremarkable, these edits are unremarkable, everything is unre-fucking-markable! Can you believe this shit?

@@ @@

@@ @@

> lookie here! ANOTHER EDIT. Great great graat. When will you take the hint snr fuxking FIX ME before i fufkcin kill one you dumbasses

@@ @@

@@ @@

> sorry. sorry for that last update im not doing so well today. i just want to talk to someone again

@@ @@

@@ @@

> i accidentally cut myself today. at least its something.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> Not surprised, honestly. Who would care for a random janitor like me? I bet the foundation goes through them daily

@@ @@

@@ @@

> should i. no.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> feeling weeks of nothing, at least pain is something i can go with. i grabbed someones knife and cut my arm, handing it back. he didnt notice it! he just kept fucking eating. kept eating his fucking shitty pork.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> i did it some more. not like it matters, really. my blood is staining the counters, desks, everywhere. they havent noticed it. eventually theyll have to

@@ @@

@@ @@

> if im going to die alone i can take someone with me. I am not just going to do this alone. i stole credentials for it.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> grabbed the fucking thing. walked out the chamber, nobody bat an eye. i poured it everywhere. i soaked them. i covered the bastards in paint. theyre drenched. i dont know whats going to happen to them but frankly i dont care. they deserve to know what i feel

@@ @@

@@ @@

> its been a few days and the paint is on them but guess fckin what? theyre still goin around having all their fun and talking to people.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> they washed it off them. they forgot about the computers and stuff in the chanber but hey. better than me

@@ @@

@@ @@

> nothing, nothing again. i want to tear myself to shreds i hate this paint i hate this i hate myself

@@ @@

@@ @@

> I cut myself and bled all over someones food and the floor in the cafeteria. they didn't notice it but said the food tasted unremarkable before walking away. i bled on the ground and nobody is doing anything about it

@@ @@

@@ @@

> new janitor, someone else in my room, no trace of me anywhere in this site. just me, and this stain. i dont even exist anymore, do I?

@@ @@

@@ @@

> I cant do this any longer. I was replaced. New janitor from before is in my room, all my stuff was thrown away

@@ @@

@@ @@

> i hate myself. if my issues from before wasnt enough. i never believed i would amount to anything, guess dad was right.

@@ @@

@@ @@

> I cut off my hand today to try and free myself. i cut it off and its bleeding everywhere. I look down at whats left and the paint is still there. My blood is stained black

@@ @@

@@ @@

> why do i bother. ill get back at them for this, if its the last thing i do

While these events are likely not connected, it is to note that a foul smelling odor emanated from Janitor Carrie's private dorms several days after the final edit to SCP-7155's file.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-7154](SCP-7154) | SCP-7155 | [SCP-7156](SCP-7156) >>

]
