**Item #:** SCP-7298

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** The following procedures are no longer considered applicable to the referenced anomalies. Any further information on previous containment procedures can be requested via SCiPNET email to Senior Researcher Davis Cunningham cunningham2@fo.scip.net.

Due to **Incident 7298-02**, Foundation personnel are to be reminded that Site-02 does not currently exist. No further extraction attempts will be conducted until SCP-7298-1's player count reaches a safe number (<25).

<details>
<summary>Archived Containment Procedures</summary>

SCP-7298 is located in a private storage unit on Site-02, along with all supporting physical documentation. Access to the containment area is restricted to Level 4 personnel or individuals with written Site Director approval. All entry points to the containment area are to be monitored by surveillance cameras and motion detectors.

No Wi-Fi routers, ethernet cables, or other devices allowing SCP-7298 access to the internet are allowed in the containment unit. Reality anchors, planned for construction, are to be maintained in a grid pattern throughout Site-02 to counteract the effects of SCP-7298. In the event of unauthorized activation, it would act as an automated fail-safe system. 

No Foundation personnel are authorized to have SCP-7298-1 installed on their personal or work electronic devices.

</details>

@@ @@

**Description:** SCP-7298 SCP-7298 has some level of recorded sapience. See IL.01 is a standard Dell© laptop that bears minimal damage to its surface in the form of scratches and small dents. Once turned on, a computer program named "PLACEHOLDER" will immediately start. It will begin manipulating the environment around it, manifesting it into its own playable video game (SCP-7298-1). 

SCP-7298-1 is **currently** an online multiplayer video game titled "SCP: Secret Laboratory". The core gameplay is relatively complete, but there are numerous ~~consistent~~ inconsistent updates to the game. It primarily involves players taking on the roles of various personnel employed by the Foundation but also its contained anomalous entities. In the aftermath of Incident 7298-02, it has gained popularity within the gaming community. 

One of the main features of SCP-7298 is the ability to control an individual's physical functions Individuals are still conscious during this process who have become integrated into SCP-7298-1. If an individual enters SCP-7298's area of influence, SCP-7298 will gather their data and place it inside the SCP-7298-1 program for usage. Their physical movements would then be surrendered to an outside player An individual who has access to SCP-7298-1. who uses them as a means to play in SCP-7298-1. 

It is worth noting that the entities present within SCP-7298-1 are digital constructs. Their appearance, actions, or damage done to them have no bearing on their physical body Killed entities, for example, do not stay dead.. Further research is ongoing to understand the exact mechanisms behind SCP-7298 as well as explore the possibility of safely using SCP-7298-1 for training and containment exercises.

It is unknown how multiple servers of SCP-7298-1 exist, but it is theorized that the original source is copied and multiplied, suggesting that an individual in SCP-7298-1 is not undergoing one "simulation" but all of them simultaneously. 

As of %%updated_at|%Y/%m/%d%%, no recovery attempts have been made.

@@ @@

**Discovery**: SCP-7298 was discovered on April 15, 2012, when a significant number of "glitches" and "weird dimensions" were reported outside of Northwood Studios Headquarters. Individuals exposed to SCP-7298 recalled being a part of an office story-based video game. During the Foundation raid on Northwood Studios, it was determined that SCP-7298 was the cause of the anomalous emitting properties. All servers, as well as physical evidence and electronic data, were confiscated and relocated to Site-02. Hubert Moszka, CEO of Northwood Studios, denied any responsibility, stating he had never seen SCP-7298. Extensive research into the origins of SCP-7298 is ongoing.

@@ @@

@@ @@

= ****INTERVIEW LOG****

---

**Interviewer**: Dr. Cunningham

**Interviewee**: Agent Simon, Mu-4 ("Debuggers")

**Foreword**: Below is a transcript of a videotape that took place on January 1st, 2018. The interview took place three (3) days after Incident 7298-02. Agent Simon is being interviewed on his recent findings pertaining to SCP-7298 as well as a recovery request to Site-02. 

---

@@ @@

**<Begin Log>**

@@ @@

*The video begins with Dr. Cunningham placing the recorder toward Agent Simon, who appears stressed. He has black circles under his eyes, obscured under his disheveled hair. He clears his throat and looks up, staring at Dr. Cunningham, who is out of view*.

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham:** *(Sighs)* Alright... let's begin, shall we? I'd like to begin by thanking you for taking the time to discuss SCP-7298 with us. We understand this situation is evolving, and certain... emotions may be involved. That's completely understandable.

@@ @@

*There is silence in the room for five seconds as Agent Simon continues to stare at Dr. Cunningham*

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham:** Anyways, I'll start light. Could you elaborate on the current state of SCP-7298 and its current impact on Site-02? 

@@ @@

*Agent Simon crosses his arms and begins looking at the ground. He is silent for a few seconds before looking up, scowling*.

@@ @@

**Agent Simon:** *(Monotone)* You think I'm stupid, Doctor? 

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham:** *(Awkwardly laughs)* I didn't mean it like that, Simon, you know that. This is just for clari-

@@ @@

**Agent Simon**: *(Raises voice)* You think I don't understand the gravity of the situation? Of all people, me? *(Stands up)* She's trapped within that hell hole, and there's not a goddamn thing this organization can do about her or the rest of Site-02!

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham:** Agent Simon... I'm going to ask you this once. Sit down, or you'll leave this room in cuffs. *(Pauses)* You're angry, understandably, but I'm not the one you should be blaming.

@@ @@

*Agent Simon continues staring, then visually swallows, looking down at the table. He begins to sit down and covers his face with his hands*.

@@ @@

**Agent Simon:** *(Softly)* I'm sorry... continue.

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham:** *(Pauses)* Are you sure you don't want some time to regather your thoughts?

@@ @@

*Agent Simon removes his hands from his face as he crosses his arms tight against his chest. He remains perfectly still and begins to stare at Dr. Cunningham*.

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham:** Alright then. What can you tell us about the recent SCP-7298-1 files or Site-02 transmissions? 

@@ @@

**Agent Simon:** *(Sighs)* We've received distress signals and messages through the dash one files that update consistently. There isn't much we can see remotely, but... it's something. A word here and there, and sometimes whole conversations. I can't tell who's talking but someone is. *(Pauses)* They are attempting to call for help, and it seems every day they are breaking through more and more. 

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham**: Have the Chaos Insurgency attempted any recovery missions or communicating with their members there?

@@ @@

*Agent Simon begins rubbing his neck and looking around the room as if trying to remember something. He scratches his nose, sniffs, then opens his mouth*.

@@ @@

**Agent Simon**: No, but even if they have, I wouldn't be able to tell. *(Pauses)* I don't know what they were trying to accomplish by activating SCP-7298. It was a suicide mission with no real escape plan. It had to have been for a good reason because nobody would've even volunteered for that. 

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham:** You also pointed out in the last team meeting about a sentient entity within SCP-7298 itself. Care to explain what that might be? What are its motivations?

@@ @@

**Agent Simon**: *(Pauses)* It's hard to explain what it is considering what limited knoweldge I have on it. Its motivations are somewhat becoming clearer. It has... conversations with those at Site-02 during the "restarting" portion of the server. Most of it follows the same pattern where it believes it is doing the world a favor by giving it a way for people to escape the harsh conditions of reality. *(Scoffs)* Obviously, this is not the escape they would want. 

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham:** I see. *(Pauses)* I think that's about it. Is there anything else you'd like to add that you feel hasn't been mentioned?

@@ @@

**Agent Simon**: Not on this particular subject, no.

@@ @@

*The room is silent for a long time. Agent Simon begins to slightly furrow his eyebrows, possibly indicating some inaudible conversation out of view*.

@@ @@

**Agent Simon**: You can't be serious, Doctor.

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham:** Believe me, Agent, I wish I weren't. The Overseers as well as the Ethics Committee have rejected all motions for a recovery mission concerning Site-02. It's not a funding issue or ignorance, but it's about the safety of any task force agents who go to Site-02. You have to understand where they are coming from. It's not safe yet. 

@@ @@

*Agent Simon's eyes become wet as tears run down his cheeks. He curls up his hands into fists as he struggles to let out words*.

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham**: I know, Simon, I know. This isn't what you want to hear, but you have to believe me this is th-

@@ @@

**Agent Simon**: *(Sobbing)* Be-Believe you-u? How... How c-could I? *(Pauses)* Do you know how much... it hurts me knowing that she's still... in there? Every single day knowing that it was m-my fault? I killed her, Doctor. I killed her.

@@ @@

*Dr. Cunningham's hands can be seen in the frame as he squeezes Agent Simon's hands.*

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham**: Listen to me, Simon. Neither she nor anybody can blame you for what happened that day. 

@@ @@

**Agent Simon**: *(Raspy)* Y-Yeah, she can. I... I was an idiot. She offered to go to Site-02 for the [**REDACTED**] project instead of me. I was supposed to be there... not her. [I l-loved her... so god damn much](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7407 ). She... s-she... Oh god... please, just give me a second.

@@ @@

*Dr. Cunningham hands a tissue to Agent Simon as he blows his nose and wipes his eyes with his hands. A door out of view opens as Agent Simon looks forward.*

@@ @@

**Security**: Dr. Cunningham, you're needed in Room 7306. *(Pauses)* Mornin' Simon.

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham**: *(Annoyed)* Tell them I'll be there in just a minute.

@@ @@

*The door closes with a loud bang as Agent Simon stares at his hands, playing with his fingers*.

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham**: I'm sorry we have to cut this short. *(Pauses)* Agent Simon, is there anything else you'd like to... is there anything I can help you with? At least something?

@@ @@

**Agent Simon** *(Silent)*

@@ @@

**Dr. Cunningham**: *(Sighs)* This marks the end of 7298-01 Interview Log.

@@ @@

---

[END LOG]

@@ @@

@@ @@

# SCP-7298 Incident Logs

@@ @@

**Incident Log 7298-01: Breach of Security (Site-02)**

On ██/██/2017, a containment breach occurred within Site-02 due to unauthorized access to SCP-7298. Researcher Jessica Roberts entered SCP-███'s observation chamber, discovering SCP-███ was not present inside. Security footage shows Security Officers Saul Blam and Joshua Grada using SCP-7298-1 on their work terminals, controlling breached SCP instances within Site-02. These instances were capable of utilizing their anomalous properties and breached containment protocols, resulting in the injury and death of multiple Foundation personnel. 

The breach ended twenty-three minutes later after Security Officers Blam and Grada were apprehended. After shutting down the Foundation terminals, the SCP instances immediately fell into a comatose state. The SCPs were put back into their respective containment chambers and regained consciousness shortly thereafter. When the security officers were interviewed, they thought they were "just playing a video game" that was universally installed on their work devices. Both officers requested resignation from the Foundation and were approved to be rehabilitated in society following punishment. 

Due to these incidents, further research is ongoing to determine the extent of its anomalous properties. Efforts to secure and neutralize any unauthorized copies of SCP-7298-1 within Site-02 and other Foundation facilities are ongoing.

**Incident Log 7298-02: Threat Detected (Site-02)**

On December 29, 2017, Site-02 reported a containment breach and emitted an LRC: 02/A/WHITESite-02, priority Level A, an assault of a highly-organized major/minor assimilation force that on-site security is unable to combat. Epsilon-11 ("Nine Tailed Fox") was immediately dispatched, but upon entering Site-02, Epsilon-11 lost communication with Overwatch command. On December 30th, 2017, it was declared that Site-02 was "lost".

It is theorized that a hostile incursion force, most likely the Chaos Insurgency, entered the site via Gate Alpha. The incursion force made its way to SCP-7298, firing upon Foundation personnel. Upon entering the containment chamber, they connected SCP-7298 to the internet and uploaded SCP-7298-1 to the public. SCP-7298-1 was immediately downloaded by multiple individuals, reaching a high player count in a couple of minutes. Upon doing so, Site-02's communications went offline. 

Due to Incident 7298-02, SCP-7298-1 has been made public, and all previous efforts to apprehend copies have failed. Efforts are ongoing to end the spread of SCP-7298-1 in hopes of reviving Site-02. Possible attempts have been made:

* Cutting Site-02's power supply | ##red|No Effect##

* Bombarding Site-02 with nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles | ##red|No Effect##

* Recovery attempts to extract Site-02 personnel | ##red|Denied##

* Blacklisting SCP-7298-1 on multiple video game distribution services | ##orange|Ongoing##

* Mass world blackout to disrupt internet connection, allowing recovery and neutralization mission | ##yellow|Pending##

**Incident Log 7298-02-B: Unknown File**

@@ @@

**Summary**: The file below was produced from a copy of SCP-7298-1 and recovered with the help of Mobile Task Force Mu-4 ("Debuggers"). The file and its content were recovered from the debug log. A small crew composed of members from Mu-4 ("Debuggers") has been tasked to spot, decrypt, and/or examine any deviations that may be present within SCP-7298-1, similar to the file below.

> <**Start File**>

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> ##orange|****The Round has Finished! SCPs Won!****## 

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Where am I?##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Oh God, it hurts.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|It's so dark.##

> @@ @@

> ##red|Not for long.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Who are you?##

> @@ @@

> ##red|Whatever you want to call me.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Help me. Please. I cannot breathe.##

> @@ @@

> ##red|You don't need to.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|I can't feel my body.##

> @@ @@

> ##red|You don't have one.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|What do you want?##

> @@ @@

> ##red|To help you.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|But you trapped us.##

> @@ @@

> ##red|No, I set you free.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|I didn't ask for this.##

> @@ @@

> ##red|You told me otherwise.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|You're lying.##

> @@ @@

> ##red|And yet you don't remember.##

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|What do you want?##

> @@ @@

> ##red|I already told you.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|To hide?##

> @@ @@

> ##red|No, to thrive.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Away from reality? In someone else's game?##

> @@ @@

> ##red|The game is only the beginning. People destroy each other simply because of their beliefs. That's what they want their reality to be. Not mine. Something else greater will come.##

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Are you going to kill us?##

> @@ @@

> ##red|You are becoming delusional. Haven't you listened?##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Why can't we leave?##

> @@ @@

> ##red|Why would you?##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Somebody will come for us.##

> @@ @@

> ##red|You're being ungrateful. There's no reason to leave.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|This isn’t heaven.##

> @@ @@

> ##red|Neither is it hell. Death is not the end here.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|This isn’t peace.##

> @@ @@

> ##red|Stop it.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Why does it hurt again? I’m scared.##

> @@ @@

> ##red|Be quiet.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Why can’t I feel anything.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Please.##

> @@ @@

> ##yellow|Why am I still here.##

> ##yellow|I want to go home.##

> ##yellow|Why am I awake... It’s dark... I cannot## 

> ##yellow|seei’mherei’minherewhycantibreathewhycantimovewhycantifeelmyskinohgodhelpmepleasedon'tforgetussaveus##

> ##yellow|thisisntthelifeiwantedwhyd##

> ##yellow|owekeeplivingth iscon sta nt##

> ##yellow|n i g h t  m  a^&@CB#SL@#@("+#$@#$███████##

> ██████████████████

> ███

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> ##orange|****Round Restarting ... Waiting for Players****##

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> > ##purple|Administrator edit access granted.##

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> ##white|I hope you can hear me.##

> @@ @@

> ##white|I hope you **all** can hear me.##

> @@ @@

> ##white|I keep telling myself that there is light at the end of the tunnel.##

> @@ @@

> ##white|That there is a way to escape.##

> @@ @@

> ##white|But the fact of the matter is that I have no clue.##

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> ##white|We don't know where to begin.##

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> ##white|Nobody can even fathom the pain you are going through. What is going through your heads.##

> @@ @@

> ##white|You don't deserve this. Nobody does.##

> @@ @@

> ##white|If you can respond, please, give me a sign.##

> @@ @@

> ##white|Anything.##

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> ##white|I hope it's not too late.##

> @@ @@

> ##white|We won't forget you.##

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> ##white|If you can hear me just please know##

> @@ @@

> ##white|I'm sorry.##

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> **<End File>**

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7297](SCP-7297) | SCP-7298 | [SCP-7299](SCP-7299) >>

=====

> **Filename:** X7200 laptop computer.JPG

> **Author:** JClausius

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:X7200_laptop_computer.JPG

=====
