[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=scp-7341[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/djkaktus[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments=

= **SCP-7341** - *Nothing, and Everything*

---

For those who are here, and those who aren't.

---

= **Image Credits**

nothingbanner.png was taken by me, released under CC BY-SA 4.0.

containmentvessel.png is [Rott. chem-oil ind. (47)](https://www.flickr.com/photos/109200699@N03/54173433676/) by hans m. and is in the public domain.

supercomputer.png is [Frontier supercomputer](https://www.flickr.com/photos/oakridgelab/52280905284) by Oak Ridge National Laboratory, and is released as CC BY 2.0. An edit was made to crop the image, and another to add a nameplate to the server racks - no other edits were made.

logiccode.png and systemlog.png were made by me.

blueprint.png is [REACTOR COMPENENTS GENERAL ASSEMBLY - Shippingport Atomic Power Station, On Ohio River, 25 miles Northwest of Pittsburgh, Shippingport, Beaver County, PA HAER PA,4-SHIP,1-126](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:LWBR_REACTOR_COMPENENTS_GENERAL_ASSEMBLY_-_Shippingport_Atomic_Power_Station,_On_Ohio_River,_25_miles_Northwest_of_Pittsburgh,_Shippingport,_Beaver_County,_PA_HAER_PA,4-SHIP,1-126.tifLWBR) under public domain

core.png is [Fast Flux Test Facility Reactor Core](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Fast_Flux_Test_Facility_Reactor_Core.jpg) by ENERGY.GOV, under public domain

staffphoto.png is [Ballooning in the constant sun of the South Pole summer](https://www.flickr.com/photos/gsfc/14015056853/) by NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, under CC BY 2.0, with edits made to remove flags from the image.

The three Beta images were all made by me.

asymmetry.png is [Implosion nuclear weapon design - shock waves](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Implosion_nuclear_weapon_design_-_shock_waves.svg) by Fastfission, under public domain

andrews.png is [Jennifer Eigenbrode](https://www.flickr.com/photos/gsfc/4371195378/in/album-72157623343484405) by NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, under CC BY 2.0

All image edits were made by me, djkaktus.

]]

**Item #:** SCP-7341

**Object Class:** N/A

**Special Containment Procedures:** Individuals assigned to SCP-7341 are to monitor the DEEPWELL 354 perimeter established near Reyðarfjörður, Iceland, and follow orders from on-site command. Individuals assigned to SCP-7341 are to be made aware that there is nothing within DEEPWELL 354, as SCP-7341 does not exist.

**Description:** SCP-7341 does not exist.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

**The remainder of this file is Level 5/7341 Classified with Restrictions.**

<details>
<summary>INPUT AUTHORIZATION CREDENTIALS</summary>

---

**File Administrator Notice:** Due to intact containment protocols, risk of pattern instability within SCP-7341 is unlikely. Despite this, only members of the SCP Foundation Overseer Council, the European Command Director, and approved members of the SCP-7341 research team are permitted to view this article. 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7341 is currently contained by the MYRKURHUGI containment system located within DEEPWELL 354 in Fljótsdalshérað municipality, eastern Iceland, roughly 76km west of Research Station 211 in Reyðarfjörður. A 5km exclusion zone has been established around the site of DEEPWELL 354 to prevent civilian exposure to terminality bleedthrough of the containment vessel. The  relatively remote location of DEEPWELL 354 and cooperation by the Icelandic government has thusfar been successful in preventing such intrusions.

The MYRKURHUGI system is composed of three primary elements and a large number of supporting elements, all of which must be maintained in order to secure containment of SCP-7341Notably, the significant majority of maintenance required is performed automatically by MYRKURHUGI itself, requiring very little personnel involvement.. These systems are powered by energy pulled from the nearby Kárahnjúkar Hydropower Plant, a power station purpose built for DEEPWELL 354 under the cover story of its use for an aluminum smelting plant in Reyðarfjörður.

The three primary systems that comprise MYRKURHUGI are as follows:

* MYRKURHUGI "Vitsmunir" is a complex superconstructive containment algorithm and logic processor built on the DARKMIND AI platform. Capable of 2414 petaflops, MYRKURHUGI VitsmunirThe AI component of the containment system is generally referred to singularly by the system designation MYRKURHUGI. is responsible for making the necessary adjustments to the Kormaksson-Andrews field generator ("Viska") within the "Kjarna" containment vessel that holds SCP-7341. 

* MYRKURHUGI "Kjarna" is a metaphysically stable containment vessel located beneath DEEPWELL 354. The inner compression matrix of Kjarna is capable of withstanding exposure to Class 9 unrealityA metaliminal compulsion force experienced by all things that exist in the presence of perfect nothingness. This compulsion force compresses vertical and lateral realtivistic spacetime at the point of interaction between reality and unreality, signficantly reducing the stability of local dimensional metastructure. through the use of Kormaksson-Andrews Field Generators.

* MYRKURHUGI "Viska" are a set of 484 Kormaksson-Andrews Amplified Di-Reality Field Generators arranged within Kjarna used to counteract the metastructural compulsion force generated by restricted unreality. Maintenance of Viska is the most important aspect of SCP-7341's containment that requires direct human intervention. Each generator must undergo routine inspection and replacement, if necessary, as determined by MYRKURHUGI Vitsmunir, which monitors metastatic load on each of the generator heads and compensates as needed. MYRKURHUGI Kjarna is capable of maintaining containment of SCP-7341 with no fewer than 441 generators in operation. 

Due to a logic fault that was present within MYRKURHUGI at the moment of activation during the 7341-DELTA test runs, the SCP-7341 terminality field has extended past the boundaries of the containment vessel (*Note: see Addendum 7341.9 on Incident 7341.01 Terminality Leak*). This terminality bleedthrough is intersecting with the Level 3 Observation Deck. No human personnel are permitted to enter either of the affected observation chambers, or any of the interior structures of the containment vessel. Local spacetime within the affected area is critically disrupted, outside of the regions sustained by Kjarna, including the Viska access points.

Interaction with any area of terminality bleedthrough is invariably fatal. Any personnel affected by SCP-7341's area of influence are considered lost.

**Description:** SCP-7341 is a static point-void of nonreality located within the MYRKURHUGI Kjarna Containment Vessel located at DEEPWELL 354 near Reyðarfjörður, Iceland. SCP-7341 does not emit or absorb light or sound, does not have shape or texture, cannot be passed through, cannot be interacted with, cannot be manipulated in any way, and has no dimension. SCP-7341 is effectively the same phenomenon as [SCP-3930](SCP-3930), and must be described in the same way:

* SCP-7341 does not existOf note: SCP-7341 does not exhibit the same threats resulting from human awareness that are experienced with SCP-3930, likely due to the significantly reduced size of the void in question and the containment system around it..

* SCP-7341 is not a physical location, point in time, singularity, vacuum, extradimensional space, meta construct, or any other extant descriptive, as a requirement for any such descriptive is existence, which SCP-7341 lacks.

* SCP-7341 cannot be said to be anything, regardless of its perceived properties.

* As SCP-7341 does not exist, it cannot contain anything that exists. Due to this, anything that attempts to pass through or enter SCP-7341 , which is impossible due to SCP-7341 being nonexistent, will also cease to existProbes shielded by di-reality field generators are often cited as an exception to this rule, but the field surrounding these probes is consistent with the realitivistic baseline, and is not considered a true exposure to the naked void..

While SCP-3930 is believed to have been a naturally occuring realitivistic anomaly, SCP-7341 was manufactured by the SCP Foundation DEEPWELL 354 research teamFormerly the "Point Horizon" research team on the 23rd of December, 2021 during the 7341-DELTA test runs. Ejection of high energy particles through a wave-point inhibitor focused at a point within a metaphysically stable region contained by the Kormaksson-Andrews field inside of the Kjarna containment vessel created a realitivistic vacuum state that, upon repeated exposure to additional high energy particles to further excite the wave-point inhibitor, entered a null state that was no longer compatible with local reality. This null state rapidly dropped below the realitivistic cohesion baseline and then collapsed entirely, leaving behind an absence in local spacetime.

In short, the Point Horizon project was an attempt by the Foundation to create a controlled null state in local reality, in order to reproduce the anomaly observed with SCP-3930 to study it in a controlled environment. The realitivistic void is considered a fundamental principle within realitivistic metaphysics and a better understanding of this phenomenon and its place within the structure of the metaliminal layer stack would provide valuable knowledge for containing and mitigating future incursions of the void into realitivistic spacetime.

This attempt was ultimately successful, due in no small part to the work of Dr. Jon Kormaksson and Dr. Cheryl Andrews, both of whom helped to pioneer research into supercritical realitivistic field theory that allowed for a safe confinement protocol to be established for null state experimentation. Their efforts, along with significant contributions by Dr. Ivan Zatsepin and Dr. Harry LeClerc, and the implementation of the MYRKURHUGI system to manage all system critical protocols within the containment array, led to the creation of SCP-7341 - the first known stable static point void in containment.

However, an error in MYRKURHUGI's energy allocation logic during the 7341-DELTA-II test did not sufficiently account for the increased metastatic load that the Viska array would experience during the initiatial manifestation of the point void within the containment array. The difference in the predicted load vs the real load created in an improper energy allocation configuration state, which in turn resulted in localized bleedthrough of SCP-7341's terminality field. The field, which was intended to be contained entirely within the Kjarna vessel, instead now extends past the confinement array and intersects with the Level 3 Observation Deck as indicated in *Reference Image 7341.C21* above. MYRKURHUGI has identified the logic error and has queued a correction, but performing that correction would require a full shutdown and restart of the containment array. Until additional countermeasures against further terminality bleedthrough can be installed around Kjarna, powering down the di-reality field generators is considered unrealistic and would likely result in uncontrolled expansion of the terminal boundary out from the point void.

The point at which the terminality field is restricted is roughly 11m from the back wall of the observation deck. This border is not immediately obvious; due to the effects of a void (or near-void in the case of terminality bleedthrough) on human perception, individuals will perceive an approximation of what their minds expect to see past this boundary (*Note: See file [SCP-3930](SCP-3930) for further explanation of this phenomenon*). Most affected persons will see the remainder of the observation deck as expected, and personnel working near the point of terminality bleedthrough have reported additional auditory and visual hallucinations, likely due to the ongoing collapse of realitivistic spacetime beyond the terminal boundary (*Note: See Addendum 7341.11 for more information*).

In summary, the terminal boundary itself is not SCP-7341. SCP-7341 is a point of non-existence contained within the Kjarna vessel. SCP-7341 expresses a powerful compulsion force on native spacetime, acting to compress spacetime away from itself. Localized reality will eventually balance against this force, but the spacetime that is compelled away from SCP-7341 inevitably collapses into a dimensionless point-plane at the boundary between real and unreal. That boundary was intended to be contained within the confines of the Kjarna vessel, but a logic irregularity within the MYRKURHUGI AI caused an improper energy allocation in the confinement field generators, and the edge of the compulsion effect, the "terminal boundary", began to bleed through the containment vessel. This boundary is still restricted by the Kormaksson-Andrews field, despite the field (and the generators maintaining it) being *within* the terminal boundary. So long as SCP-7341 is confined within the Kjarna vessel, the vessel itself will continue to exist, even if spacetime around it is being critically disrupted. 

While most of the research team were unaffected by the expansion of the terminality field, Dr. Cheryl Andrews was observing the startup on Deck 3. Reports from staff assigned to Dr. Andrews indicate that she dismissed the team to another observation point shortly before the start of the DELTA II trial. One of the researchers, Research Assistant Ardnar Haraldsson, returned to the chamber to speak with Dr. Andrews and only managed to survive the terminal incursion due to him standing right on the edge of the boundary at the moment SCP-7341 manifested. The boundary intersected with spacetime at a point roughly 3cm into Haraldsson's right side, causing a significant section of his right arm and leg to collapse into the point plane. The remainder of his body was ejected by the shock of the compulsion force, and nearby personnel were able to get Haraldsson moved to the on-site infirmary. Dr. Andrews was wholly caught entirely within the terminal boundary and is believed to have been instantly killed.

**Addendum 7341.1:** Point Horizon 

Point Horizon was a Foundation metatechnology initiative assigned to SCP Foundation European Command. It was created in 2007, dissolved in 2015, and was afterwards wholly folded into the DEEPWELL 354 site terminus, which replaced it. Originally established by Dr. Jon Kormaksson and Dr. Ivan Zatsepin, researchers who had unknowingly worked alongside the SCP-3930 team during initial surveyance testing of the anomaly as early as 1995. After being made aware of the metaphysical characteristics of SCP-3930, and after additional information gained from working alongside Dr. Robert Scranton before his death (specifically, regarding his essay *"Supersession and the Echelon of Reality"*), Drs. Kormaksson and Zatsepin worked to devise a theorum regarding metaquantum tunneling and the nature of unreality.

In short, the Kormaksson-Zatsepin model suggests that, as implied by Dr. Scranton, the universal understanding of "reality" is a metaphysical truth necessitating an underlying layer of unreality - "that which is" requiring a "that which is not". In their model, unreality exists as a framework surrounding every instance of "real" and, as proposed by Dr. Zatsepin specifically, "is the scaffolding beneath which reality itself it constructed... the unreal informs the real, as all things that will at once be real must first be derived from the unreal." Shortly after publishing their conceptualization of reality and unreality in *Reality, the Realitivistic Baseline, and Unreality Below It*, Kormaksson and Zatsepin were approached by Foundation Director of Advanced Metatechnology Dr. Arthur Ball, and the three men began working with Dr. Ball's team to create the first prototype of what would eventually become the Kjarna containment vessel for SCP-7341.

Kormaksson and Zatsepin were eventually joined by other former members of the SCP-3930 research team, many of whom had been eligible for amnestic treatment and reassignment but still held expertise in high level realitivistic metaphysics. One of these researchers was Dr. Cheryl Andrews, who joined the project in 2004 and had previously worked on other high-security containment units at Site-19 and Site-12, as well as working alongside Dr. Ball's team developing advanced sensors for other projects during the previous four years. It was Dr. Andrews who originally proposed what would eventually become the Point Horizon initiative, during a May 2007 meeting between herself, Dr. Kormaksson, Dr. Zatsepin, and Dr. Harry LeClerc, a senior engineer on Dr. Ball's team. The transcript of that meeting is presented below.

**Addendum 7341.1.A:** Point Horizon Organizational Meeting

**Site-74 Meeting Room 5C**

**Voice Transcript**

**Date:** 16 MAY 2007

**In Attendance:** 

* J. Kormaksson - IA56477054-0038

* E. C. Andrews - IA21086051-0023

* I. Zatsepin - IA32856712-0034

* H. LeClerc - IA87156270-0036

---

**J. Kormaksson:** Alright, I think we can get started. Cheryl, you're up.

**E. C. Andrews:** Right-o. So, here's what I'm thinking. This field Ivan is proposing might not just be enough to sustain a firm threshold of di-reality around the anomaly - it may even be enough to sustain incursions into it, as well.

**H. LeClerc:** You mean, across the terminal border?

**E. C. Andrews:** Exactly. Look here - the power needed to sustain the field scales up past reasonable limits there, but a probe fitted with these things would be small enough that the draw might be within practical boundaries. We're talking millimeters of incursion, at the max. Just enough for us to get some instruments in there and see what's on the other side. The void itself can be tiny, only a few microns across.

**I. Zatsepin:** To be fair, we *know* what's on the other side. It's nothing.

**E. C. Andrews:** It's not just *nothing*, though. If you're right, this is the narrative *bedrock* we're talking about here, the absolute most foundational element of all of existence. Maybe there's nothing we can see straight away, but that's just an issue of calibration. Once we prove we can make the incursion in the first place, we can keep taking readings until we find something.

**J. Kormaksson:** Já, but even if we're able to keep the power draw reasonable, we're still talking about billions of euros in expenses. If we really do just turn up *nothing* we'll be answering to Finance for it. Hell, we may not make groundbreak unless we're able to provide a timeline for some kind of result. The Foundation just doesn't do speculative research on this scale.

**I. Zatsepin:** That's assuming the generators work, as well. The math is consistent but there are supply chain issues to address. Even the adjusted figures still call for half the planet's total yearly supply of scandium. It would be a lot to request.

**E. C. Andrews:** I understand, but there has to be a way for us to convince European Command about the value of this project. They haven't hesitated to fund metaphysical initiatives before, even those with way fewer potential upsides to this. Even Talloran got his budget.

**J. Kormaksson:** Yes, but there's a magnitude of difference there. We're just barely into prototyping and we're talking about three billion euros, at the low end. Would be tough to justify.

**H. LeClerc:** Tough, yes. But not impossible.

**J. Kormaksson:** Mmm? What are you thinking?

**H. LeClerc:** So, I know there has been money allocated for containing the Russian anomaly, and I know that most of that money has gone unspent. I don't know where that's being held currently or if there's been any talk of doing anything with it other than maintaining an indefinite perimeter in the snow, but it's *possible* we could reason a way to justify reallocating that money towards this project, with the understanding that we'd have to get involved with the group running that team as well.

**J. Kormaksson:** Ah. That might be an issue.

**E. C. Andrews:** What do you mean?

**J. Kormaksson:** That team reports up through European, but there are special tie-ins to the O5s embedded in it. They've got liaisons all over that project, have been for years. Something about one of the Overseers having a specific interest in that thing - their hands are everywhere.

**E. C. Andrews:** So we'd be getting in bed with Overwatch. Lovely.

**H. LeClerc:** Not ideal, I'll admit, but the alternative is this thing dying in the crib. If we can get someone senior like Dr. Ball involved, they may be able to mitigate most of the upper room meddling.

**J. Kormaksson:** You think he would be up for it?

**H. LeClerc:** Will depend on our proposal. I can make that call, if you want.

**J. Kormaksson:** You really think this is feasible?

**E. C. Andrews:** I do.

**J. Kormaksson:** Ivan?

**I. Zatsepin:** I'm confident in the technology. The rest, eh. We will see.

**J. Kormaksson:** Alright. Let's make sure we're buttoned up tight on this. Harry, get on the phone with Dr. Ball and see if he's willing to get involved. I'll reach out to European and see if there are any sites willing to take this on - if not, we're going to be location scouting.

[EXTRANEOUS DIALOGUE REDACTED]

**Addendum 7341.2:** Collected Notes and Correspondence of Dr. Cheryl Andrews

The following are a collection of notes and correspondence written by or to Dr. Cheryl Andrews regarding Point Horizon or SCP-7341. 

*In a collection of notes titled "The Practicality of Observing the Unreal"*

...it is expected, then, that interaction with the unreal would be an otherwise practical impossibility. Intersection between reality and unreality inevitably favors unreality, and attempting to cross a point of unreality is, in essence, the purest form of obliteration. There is no matter that is left over afterwards, no energy that propogates out from the point of contact. The thing that intersects simply ceases to be, with no lingering trace that it was ever there at all.

Thus, any equipment designed to interact with the unreal must be in some way insulated from the void in a way that does not cause its immediate obliteration. Assuming this is possible (*as Dr. Zatsepin's model suggests it may be*) what is the end result for the instrument in question? Would it not only receive incoming data from the insulation of reality around itself? The essence of the void is an absence of any and all information - information does not originate or propogate across a void, and therefore any tool used to gather that information would be useless.

And yet, we know by comparison with the real that there must be some kind of information exchange within a void. If we are able to determine truths about what is "real" then its inverse **must** exist. It is likely that, while we as real creatures are incapable of perception outside of our limited understanding of reality, there exists a language the void speaks that we simply cannot understand...

*In a collection of notes titled "The Practicality of Observing the Unreal"*

I'm not yet convinced that the void is some great unknowable, despite how obvious an answer that might be. Dr. Scranton believed it was in some way a great repository of knowledge that the "real" uses as a form of reference. Existence has to check against "what is not real" in order to determine "what is real", and there is clearly a defined boundary between the two. Where else in nature do such boundaries exist in such a determined form? Even at our most fundamental scale we are composed of elements and atoms and subparticles all of which themselves are nebulous and interact freely with each other, but the void and the material maintain a strict demarcation. Why is this, if not an intentional aspect of their utility towards each other?

If I were given to supposition I would speculate that the unreal, being far greater in size than all of reality by an unknowable factor, somehow uses reality as a playground - not knowingly, perhaps, but there is clear intention in what is funneled out from unreality into reality. There is purpose here, there *must* be purpose. The fact that the void can intersect with our reality at all is proof enough of its existence (or non-existence, as it were) but that intersection itself must have a reason.

*Written correspondence between Dr. Cheryl Andrews and Dr. Jon Kormaksson*

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**From:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:The Instrumentation Problem

I agree with your hypothesis on the metallurgical challenges, but I think the scandium alloy Harry's team is working on resolves a lot of those concerns. We'll need to schedule a new set of tests in the simulator to try and see what our new limits are and then redo the calculations once we're confident of the results. 

Not to get too personal, but I saw where you'd cancelled your time off next week. Is everything alright? We've been pushing pretty hard the last few months, getting some time to relax might do you (and the rest of us) some good. 

Don't mean to pry. Just hope you're ok.

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp 

**From:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:The Instrumentation Problem

That scandium alloy can't come soon enough. Getting away from yttrium is going to really help our weight issues too. Thank god.

I'm alright Jon. I've just been working pretty well recently and don't want to lose momentum. We're getting really close to something important here and I think if we keep pushing at it we're going to have a breakthrough really soon. 

Also, don't be weird. I've been more personal with you than anyone else in the last three years. If I'm comfortable enough letting you see the small mountain of pizza boxes stacked in my apartment (and other things) I'm comfortable enough talking about my time-off allocation. Relax lol

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**From:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:The Instrumentation Problem

Glad to hear it haha. Sorry this is still pretty new for me. Didn't want to overstep. If it hadn't been next month I wouldn't have bothered but the timing with going to see your mom just felt weird. If you say you're good I'll leave it alone though.

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp 

**From:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:The Instrumentation Problem

It's really ok. She's not going anywhere anytime soon. A date is just a date. If you're that worried I'll look at my schedule sometime in April and maybe we can go somewhere on the continent. Reykjavik is nice but I think I've reached my lifetime's allotment of fish and brown bread.

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**From:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:The Instrumentation Problem

heresy! but I understand. My parents' friend has a house on Loch Katrine in Scotland. It's not fancy but it's nice and out of the way. It's been a good place if I needed to clear my head. Let me know what you think. 

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp 

**From:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:The Instrumentation Problem

I will :)

*In a collection of untitled notes*

I had another dream last night. Just like all the others. I'm standing in the library and she's on the other side of the racks. I keep looking for ways to get across to her but the paths just loop back to where I can see her. It's just her eyes looking back at me, I can't tell if she's smiling or crying or anything. She's just there. But because she's that means she's somewhere, and I'm just not trying hard enough to get to where she's at.

I don't think this is an accident. my subconscious has got to be telling me something. Maybe I've been looking at this all wrong the whole time.

*In a collection of untitled notes*

What about reflections? Not visual reflections but realitivistic ones. We can't push anything real into anything unreal because that unmakes it. If we have the thing we're pushing wrapped in a causal field, we can protect it from unreality, but we get feedback from the field itself. If it's compensating for higher or lower unrealitivistic feedback we're getting some information from that. like poking around with a needle in the dark - do it enough times and keep track of what feedback you get when you run into an obstacle, and you can start to make out the shape of something you can't see. why can't we do the same?

biggest problem is instrumentation, AGAIN. using the probes we'd need we'll need an access point probably 3 or 4x bigger than what we'd been planning. Harry is going to hate it but we won't be able to get what we need without it. we're not going to have time to change beta either so we're going to need to push it to delta. fuck me.

note to self: talk to jon in the morning about reflections, talk to harry about energy scaling.

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**From:** hleclerc0036@engineering.scp

**Subject:** re:Power Allocation for Refined Point-Void Vectors

sherry i swear to christ you need to start warning me about these emails

**Addendum 7341.3:** ALPHA Test Series

The initial Point Horizon test run (ALPHA) was conducted between April and September of 2011. This first test series intended to show a proof of concept of the metastability of the Kjarna containment vessel when exposed to a point-void terminality field. The vessel was not yet configured to *contain* the field in question, so the point-void was intentionally unstable and collapsed between 45 and 72 nanoseconds after its genesis. Regardless, this test duration was sufficient to induce the intended load on the prototype Kjarna vessel.

In a summary written by Dr. Kormaksson to European Command, the result of the test is described as follows:

The initial runup of the wave-point inhibitor, which had up to this point been the most troublesome aspect of the test run, was carried out without issue. The point-void manifested as expected and vanished within the expected timeframe. The shock of the terminality field was outside of expected parameters, and managed to flatten everything in a 2.3m sphere around the containment vessel, including the frame holding the vessel in place, but Kjarna was recovered undamaged. 

Post-op evaluation of the vessel has revealed what we expected - higher than baseline metaphysical stability, more than sufficient to withstand the spacetime compression from the terminality field, and seemingly enough to reduce the radius of the same field by at least 40% (results pending). If we're able to get that reduction up to 43%, which Dr. Zatsepin believes is within reason, we'll be able to reduce the overall outer containment vessel by 15% of its current size. It should fit easily within the any of the Tier-III DEEPWELL sites.

**Addendum 7341.4:** BETA Test Series (I - III)

The second Point Horizon test run (BETA) was a series of tests (I - IV) conducted between December of 2012 and July of 2015. The BETA series was intended to show the functional stability of the Viska generator array in maintaining the terminality field of SCP-7341 within the confines of Kjarna. The prototype Viska array, at the time called "Cleo", was comprised of 72 amplified di-reality field generator heads surrounding the Kjarna vessel.

A secondary function of this test was to show the viability of Dr. Andrews' realitivistic reflection theory by introducing a millihume wave sensor probe into the manifested anomaly prior to its collapse to ascertain both whether or not the probe could survive the incursion across the terminal boundary, and if any information could be ascertained about the void as a result of increased feedback compensation on the part of Cleo.

In a summary written by Dr. Andrews to European Command, the result of the initial BETA test is described as follows:

In summary, both Kjarna and Cleo met their performance expectations. The point-void was manifested within Kjarna and sustained for a period of three minutes, fifteen seconds. The terminality field was measured to be below the natural expected limit, indicating proper function of Cleo's di-reality field generators. Considering the test ran well below Cleo's operational limit, it is reasonable to presume that a scale-up test using the same configuration is within reach. 

(...)

During the test period a shielded probe was inserted past the terminal boundary and into the point-void for a period of ten seconds. Variations in the Cleo's feedback compensation was measured and charted, showing minor variation that we are at this stage attributing to noise. However, the most important element of the test was verified - we are capable of pushing a probe into the point-void and retrieving it. We have conducted numerous double-blind tests on the probe and have confirmed that still exists, confirming our initial hypothesis. 

(...)

We are preparing a scale-up for BETA II and III, and I will be submitting a request for a larger probe test run for BETA IV. We are on the verge of peering into the last great unknown - everything beyond this point is instrumentation.

**Addendum 7341.5:** Collected Notes and Correspondence of Dr. Cheryl Andrews, con't.

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**From:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**Subject:** Vacation

Hey, I noticed you never booked that trip back to the states to see your mom. Is everything alright? Since we've got time now between II and III I figured this would be the perfect time for us to go. I'm sure she'd be excited to see you!

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**From:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:Vacation

Yeah I've just been super busy, I'll try to get it scheduled sometime in the next few months. Have you spoken to Ball about pushing the probe test up from IV to III? I haven't heard back from him since the first of the year.

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**From:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:Vacation

I haven't, but you know what he's going to say. The scale-up is just for conditional testing, new implementation is set for IV and everything afterwards has to wait until the DEEPWELL site is running. 

Are you sure about the trip? It's really no big deal, we can take the time if you want it. 

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**From:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:Vacation

How are we ok with that? We have to push everything we've been working on for the last four years into next year because European wants to sit on their hands? What's the rush on DEEPWELL, too? We can do the exact same work with Cleo as we can with Viska and we won't have to wait another five years to do it.

Is there something else going on here?

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**From:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:Vacation

whoa hey don't shoot the messenger. All I know is that the success of BETA I and II have accelerated the DEEPWELL timeline. This is a good thing! It means we're going to have funding for the next thirty years, among other things. We're all going to continue to have jobs, I figured you'd be happy about that.

Is everything alright?

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**From:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:Vacation

None of this matters if we aren't able to show proof of concept on the probe tests. The whole point of this was for us to see what's on the other side of this thing. If we get to DEEPWELL and the probes are still returning generator noise, then what? We've wasted billions of dollars on a prepostorously elaborate paper weight.

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**From:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:BETA III

I think calling the sum of a thousand people's efforts to create the first stable manufactured point-void array a paper weight is kind of dismissive. We're still doing science here Cheryl it's not like we'd just dismiss the probe tests out of hand. If we get to DEEPWELL and we have issues then we just adjust and move forward. The fact that they're building Viska at all means that they're committed to this thing.

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**From:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:BETA III

If the probe tests aren't the priority, then what exactly are we committed to?

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**From:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:BETA III

Doing the impossible? Touching the mind of God? I'm not sure what you mean.

**SCiPnet Mail**

**To:** ecandrews0023@eur.scp

**From:** jkormaksson0038@eur.scp

**Subject:** re:BETA III

Cheryl?

*In a collection of untitled notes*

I *heard* something.

There's this phenomenon called the "cocktail party effect", it's the sudden awareness you achieve when you hear something familiar mixed in with a lot of other noise - like hearing someone say your name at a cocktail party. You hear something you've become so intimately familiar with over the course of your entire life, and in that moment your brain zeroes in on it. 

I've analyzed the recording over and over again for months and come up with nothing quantifiable, but during BETA II I heard something. I cannot deny it. I know I heard it because I've heard it a thousand times, a million times. I hear it when I think of my childhood, the time I spent with my brothers in the forests back home when the sun was setting and the chill rolled over the hills. I hear it when I think of late night phone calls for no reason, of the distance that was like a vice around my throat feeling suddenly so small, if even for just a moment. I hear it when I think of hospitals, and crosswords, and watching soaps on a TV that is too small. I hear it when I think of absent words and gravesides, and photos taken off of walls. I hear it even now, sitting here writing this, when I think of the nights spend studying with a reassuring cup of tea and a smile that would turn my insecurities to ash. I hear it after three soft knocks on the door to let me know she was there.

It was my mother's voice. It cannot have been anything else.

I don't think what we're trying to do here is so outlandish. We conjure things out of the immaterial every single day, in stories and songs and dreams. Things that did not exist before we brought them into being. They all had to come from somewhere, and now we know with some certainty where that is. If we can take the immaterial and make it material - in all the ways we share that which once was not - then who is to say we can't get more out of the nothingness than just songs and stories?

**Addendum 7341.6:** BETA Test Series (IV)

The fourth and final test run of the 7341 BETA series was a test conducted after the scale-up test in BETA III, and the final test that used the Cleo di-reality generator array, prior to the implementation of the Viska array at DEEPWELL 354. Due to time and personnel restraints necessitated by the reorganization of Point Horizon into DEEPWELL 354, the test was conducted almost singlehandedly by Dr. Andrews and Dr. Zatsepin.

The test was overall a repeat of the BETA III scale-up test with a single exception - Dr. Andrews had been developing an improved millihume wave sensor probe to provide more accurate feedback from the generated point-void. The result of this test was inconclusive.

**Point Horizon Testing Log**

**Voice Transcript**

**Date:** 03 JUL 2015

**In Attendance:** 

* E. C. Andrews - IA21086051-0023

* I. Zatsepin - IA32856712-0034

---

**I. Zatsepin:** Cleo is coming online now. Clearing the chamber.

**E. C. Andrews:** Monitoring looks good. Wave-point inhibitor is responding.

**I. Zatsepin:** Acknowledging the wave-point inhibitor limit. (*Pauses*) Cleo is online. Removing inhibitor safeties.

**E. C. Andrews:** Wave-point inhibitor is active. Power draw within limits.

**I. Zatsepin:** Awaiting void formation.

**E. C. Andrews:** Power draw is a little low. We could increase the inhibitor another 7% and be within safe bounds.

**I. Zatsepin:** That'll create a lot of noise. Just let it go, it's going to form.

(*Silence*)

**E. C. Andrews:** Cleo is still low. I'm bringing up the inhibitor voltage.

**I. Zatsepin:** There's a contamination risk if we-

**E. C. Andrews:** The risk is we don't get a void to form at all, then we have to scrap the test.

(*Silence*)

**I. Zatsepin:** Acknowledged, bring up the power.

(*Silence*)

**E. C. Andrews:** There - Cleo is responding.

**I. Zatsepin:** Acknowledging response, generators are coming up.

**E. C. Andrews:** Field integrity?

**I. Zatsepin:** Looks stable. There's still a lot of noise in here though Cheryl, we need to bring the inhibitor back down.

**E. C. Andrews:** If we bring down the inhibitor now we may lose the void. We can filter the noise later. Is the probe ready?

**I. Zatsepin:** Field density is still a little high. It just needs time to settle.

**E. C. Andrews:** What are the generators doing?

**I. Zatsepin:** They're still compensating.

**E. C. Andrews:** Let me see.

**I. Zatsepin:** There's still too much noise...

**E. C. Andrews:** There's not, it's all filterable. We just need a spike.

(*Silence*)

**E. C. Andrews:** Ivan?

**I. Zatsepin:** Speaking as your friend and colleague, I am seriously considering stopping the test now. This is all highly irregular Cheryl, we need to back the inhibitors off and we need to let Cleo stabilize. None of the data we're going to get is going to be usable.

**E. C. Andrews:** I told you, we just need a spike.

**I. Zatsepin:** You don't have any idea what that might look like. If the spike you're looking for is within the noise boundary then it'll get filtered out, you may not even know you're looking at it.

**E. C. Andrews:** Look, I understand. But we can't risk a void collapse, we have to do this now.

**I. Zatsepin:** Or else what? Or else we have to do the test again when Viska is running? 

(*Silence*)

**E. C. Andrews:** Look, there. The generators are cooling. We can proceed with the probe test.

**I. Zatsepin:** We still need to get the inhibitors back.

**E. C. Andrews:** I'm proceeding with the test.

(*Silence*)

**I. Zatsepin:** Probe is in position.

**E. C. Andrews:** Inserting the probe.

**I. Zatsepin:** (*Pauses*) Field integrity is good. Shielding is consistent.

**E. C. Andrews:** Probe is locked. 

**I. Zatsepin:** Field integrity is... (*Pauses*) We're getting some asymmetry on the terminal boundary Cheryl. It's the inhibitor, we need to back it off now. 

**E. C. Andrews:** Hold that, we need more time.

(*Multiple alarms begin sounding in the test chamber*)

**I. Zatsepin:** The void is going to destabilize if we don't pull the inhibitor off right now, there's too much-

**E. C. Andrews:** (*Over the alarm sounds*) Are you there? Can you hear me?

**I. Zatsepin:** ...what? (*Pauses*) Who are you- (*Pauses*) We're getting generator overload warnings, Cleo can't balance the asymmetry. (*Pauses*) Cheryl the fucking boundary is right up on Kjarna, we're about to lose containment.

**E. C. Andrews:** Will you *fucking* hold on Ivan, just compensate for the inhibitor draw and-

**I. Zatsepin:** I'm pulling the inhibitors now.

**E. C. Andrews:** No! 

(*The sound of the wave-point inhibitor backing off is heard over the warnings alarms*)

**E. C. Andrews:** We're losing the void, we need to-

**I. Zatsepin:** No shit we're losing the void, we're about to lose the fucking station if we don't push the generators in and collapse it.

**E. C. Andrews:** I... (*Pauses*) Pushing the generators to suppress.

**I. Zatsepin:** Thank you, we-

(*Another critical alarm is heard, warning of impending void collapse*)

**E. C. Andrews:** Is the boundary still contained?

**I. Zatsepin:** It's-

(*Another sound is heard as the feedback compensators activate momentarily*)

**E. C. Andrews:** What was that?

**I. Zatsepin:** (*Pauses*) It was the probe.

**E. C. Andrews:** What?

**I. Zatsepin:** Cheryl, the generators please!

**E. C. Andrews:** They're in, they're in.

**I. Zatsepin:** Hold on.

(*There is a moment of silence, and then a loud thump is heard as the point-void collapses.*)

**I. Zatsepin:** *Jesus.* (*Pauses*) Generators are coming back out.

**E. C. Andrews:** Is the chamber clear? I can't clear this warning.

**I. Zatsepin:** The chamber is gone. 

*Silence.*

**I. Zatsepin:** Cheryl, look

**E. C. Andrews:** What?

**I. Zatsepin:** The feedback log. Look.

**E. C. Andrews:** (*Pauses*) Is that from the collapse?

**I. Zatsepin:** No. The probe was well gone by then, look. See that cutoff? This is fifteen seconds beforehand.

**E. C. Andrews:** And the static, you don't think this could be-

**I. Zatsepin:** Does that look like static to you?

(*Silence*)

**I. Zatsepin:** Cheryl... (*pauses*) I think you were right. 

At the conclusion of the BETA IV test, a full damage assessment of the prototype Kjarna vessel and Cleo array was conducted. The prototype Kjarna vessel was fully destroyed, partially by proximity to the unchecked terminal boundary during the runaway asymmetry caused by improper application of the wave-point inhibitor, and partially by the uncompensated shockwave resulting from a point-void collapse. Fragments of the vessel were found embedded into many of Cleo's generator heads, effectively totaling the array.

Dr. Andrews was found to have inappropriately accelerated the array start-up sequence, which left the system in an improperly configured state. Cleo was unable to compensate for the asymmetryWhile the loss of the prototype Kjarna and Cleo were considered an unfortunate outcome, a positive result of Dr. Andrews' actions was the collection of data specifically regarding improper array states. It was this data that later allowed MYRKURHUGI to compensate for the improper energy allocation during the Delta II test and maintain proper containment of SCP-7341., leading to the destruction of the array. Dr. Andrews was brought before the SCP Foundation Disciplinary Committee, who found that while it would be a misuse of resources to remove Dr. Andrews from the project entirely, her actions were not befitting of a doctor of the Foundation and she must be held accountable for them. As a result, Dr. Andrews was placed on suspended leave for a period of one year, during which time she was held under house arrest by Foundation security forces.

**Addendum 7341.7:** Recorded Phone Conversation

While Dr. Andrews was held under house arrest, she continued to receive correspondence from the DEEPWELL 354 team in order to facilitate the ongoing success of the project. The following is a recorded phone call between Dr. Andrews and Dr. Jon Kormaksson shortly after the beginning of the former's suspension period.

[BEGIN LOG]

**E. C. Andrews:** Hello?

**J. Kormaksson:** Hey, it's me.

**E. C. Andrews:** Oh. Hey.

**J. Kormaksson:** Yeah, sorry it's been a minute. I just wanted to... see how you're doing.

**E. C. Andrews:** I'm alright. They've got someone who comes and washes my clothes now, which is an improvement. First few days were rough.

**J. Kormaksson:** Yeah.

**E. C. Andrews:** But other than that, I'm good. I've got my stuff, my computer. They want me to keep working, which is a blessing I guess. Rather have something to do than just sit around here and... not have anything to do.

**J. Kormaksson:** That's good. It's only a year too, right? 

**E. C. Andrews:** Said like someone who wasn't facing down a year in jail.

**J. Kormaksson:** Well, it's not really jail, is it?

**E. C. Andrews:** Am I allowed to leave?

**J. Kormaksson:** I don't see how-

**E. C. Andrews:** Then it's jail, Jon. It's fine, I get to sleep in my own bed, and I get to work. But it's jail.

**J. Kormaksson:** I mean, you *did* very nearly void-out half the site.

**E. C. Andrews:** We didn't though, did we?

**J. Kormaksson:** You're right. You didn't.

**E. C. Andrews:** (*Pauses*) I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap at you. Honestly, given the circumstances I guess I should be grateful it's not worse. I'm not in a containment cell somewhere.

**J. Kormaksson:** They'd probably still do your laundry there, though.

**E. C. Andrews:** (*Laughs*) Yeah. Yeah I bet they would.

**J. Kormaksson:** Do you need any-

**E. C. Andrews:** Have you spoken to Ivan?

**J. Kormaksson:** Ivan?

**E. C. Andrews:** Yeah. About what happened.

**J. Kormaksson:** (*Pauses*) I did.

(*Silence*)

**J. Kormaksson:** I listened to the site recording, too. I guess... I don't know, Cheryl. Help me make this make sense.

**E. C. Andrews:** Which part?

**J. Kormaksson:** I don't know, any of it. You knew that keeping the inhibitors in like that could cause the field to get unbalanced, and then when it did you didn't do... like, anything we know to do in case of asymmetry. And then Ivan say you were... calling out to someone? While the boundary was pushing up on the edge of the vessel?

(*Silence*)

**J. Kormaksson:** I called your brother.

**E. C. Andrews:** Jon-

**J. Kormaksson:** It was kind of surreal, actually. You two sound a lot alike. He was surprised to hear from me. Said you haven't spoken in a long time. 

(*Silence*) 

**J. Kormaksson:** When were you going to tell me about your mom?

(*Silence*)

**E. C. Andrews:** She was so happy when I got selected. She was always so kind, and supportive, of all of us. When I went off to school she called me every single day, and when I was studying for the SKIPATS she had me move back in with her and my dad so she could take care of everything while I was working. She... (*pauses*) when I left, I know it broke her heart. She would never say it, but I could tell. When you hear something every single day for years even the slightest difference becomes noticeable immediately, and I noticed. 

(*Silence*)

**E. C. Andrews:** When she got sick, my brothers basically moved in with her. They took care of her every single day, for years. Dad couldn't do it on his own, you know, so they were there, and I... it took me six months to get back there, and by the time I did she was just... barely there. (*Pauses*) But she still called, you know. Not every night, but as often as she could. Whenever she was strong enough to do it. She'd have dad hold the receiver and she'd just talk into it, and we'd talk about what was on TV, or what was for lunch that day. 

(*Muffled crying*) 

**E. C. Andrews:** I slept on the couch in her room every day for a month. To think I would complain about my laundry situation now, it was *bad* then. Dad would come in and practically force me into his car so I could go take a shower at their place. She...  she used to do this thing, where she'd knock three times on my door when I was studying just to let me know she was there if I needed anything, and she started doing it when she needed to sit up, because sometimes she couldn't talk very well. One day she says, *it means "I love you".* (*Pauses*) It was only a month, but it could've been fifteen minutes. It went by so fast...

(*Silence*)

**E. C. Andrews:** She called me the night before it happened. They had me come back up here for the start of the ALPHA trials and I told her I'd call her every day, and then that day I didn't, but she still tried to call me. Dad said she was adamant about it, said I must have just dozed off. But I was in the lab, had been all night. I didn't even check my phone when I got back to my apartment, I went straight to bed, and then the next day... Jon I never got to tell her I loved her.

**J. Kormaksson:** Do you think she didn't know that?

**E. C. Andrews:** No. I mean, I don't know. I can't... Jon I can't stop thinking of her laying there, waiting for me to call back, and I was just... 

(*Extended silence*)

**E. C. Andrews:** All of this, everything we're doing here, it all has to mean sometime. Maybe there's no rhyme or reason to any of this - to life, to meaning, to existence itself, any of it. But we aren't just drawing pictures on cave walls anymore. We've looked over to the other side. Not only that, you saw that the probe-

**J. Kormaksson:** They're saying the probe feedback was caused by the field instability.

**E. C. Andrews:** Oh *bullshit* it was. I sat there and watched it the whole time, it was working. It was *working*, it never stopped working until the very end. *Something* on the other side saw us, Jon. Something pushed back. Do you know what this means?

**J. Kormaksson:** I... I know what you probably think it means.

**E. C. Andrews:** (*Pauses*) You don't believe me.

**J. Kormaksson:** Ivan seems to think you're on to something. The fact we got any feedback at all is a breakthrough all its own, if it is actually feedback and not just the probe responding to void collapse. But you have no idea what it is that caused the probe feedback, or if it was even an *it* at all. You're talking about... about *metaphysical unreality* in there Cheryl, it's not just like, a dreamland where everyone goes when they die. That's the *unreal.* We have not even begun to figure out what this could even mean, and you... (*pauses*) you could've gotten hurt.

(*Silence*)

**E. C. Andrews:** I don't know how I can tell you this in a way that makes *any* sense but... I just know. I know it was her.

**J. Kormaksson:** Cheryl, there's no way that you-

**E. C. Andrews:** There's a world out there where my mother doesn't die while I'm sitting in my office going over materials reports, and I know it's in there because that world does not exist right now. That's what we're talking about Jon, we're talking about what's real, and what isn't. Well that isn't real, and if we can manifest that *here*...

(*Silence*)

**J. Kormaksson:** I'm sorry.

**E. C. Andrews:** For what?

**J. Kormaksson:** I'm sorry for what happened to your mom. I cannot pretend to know how that felt. But what you want... I don't know if it's possible. What you're talking about is *the* fundamental force in the universe. I don't believe that is within our reach.

**E. C. Andrews:** (*Pauses*) Isn't it, though?

[END LOG]

**Addendum 7341.8:** Staff Memorandum

The following was a notice distributed by Foundation European Central Command on December 1st, 2021.

# SCP Foundation

## Department of Personnel

### Reassignment Orders

---

The following personnel currently assigned to DEEPWELL 354 will be reassigned at the conclusion of the SCP-7341 DELTA test series:

| Name | New Assignment | Position |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Guðrún Magnúsdóttir | Outpost 212 | Doctor of Staff |
| Adam Holland | Site-08 | Doctor of Staff |
| Jón Guðmundsson | Site-12 | Sr. Researcher |
| Einar Sigurðsson | Site-12 | Doctor of Staff |
| Sigríður Bjarnadóttir | Site-12 | Sr. Researcher |
| Björn Andersson | Site-12 | Operations Manager |
| Ingrid Holm | Site-19 | Doctor of Staff |
| Søren Rasmussen | Site-81 | Site Superintendent |
| Aino Virtanen | Site-90 | Doctor of Staff |
| Maja Kowalska | Site-90 | Doctor of Staff |
| Ilya Petrov | Site-101 | Sr. Researcher |
| Aleksandra Nowak | Site-405 | Doctor of Staff |
| Ivan Zatsepin | Site-409 | Research Director |
| Cheryl Andrews | DEEPWELL 15 | Doctor of Staff |
Drs. Kormaksson and LeClerc will stay on as Director of DEEPWELL 354 and Chief of Staff, respectively.

Your contributions to this project are sincerely appreciated and we wish you well in your new roles.

Information about your relocation and travel will follow this message.

Thank you for your consideration,

Zoran Marković

Chief Personnel Admin

European Central Command

The following email was received by Dr. Kormaksson from Dr. Zatsepin shortly after this memorandum was distributed:

Jon,

I have never sought your approval and out of respect for your station I do not intend to begin now. When I initially heard about this personnel reassignment order I had hoped it was an unfortunate bit of office drama that would resolve itself - I recognize now this is not the case. I had likewise hoped you would show more spine in the face of pressure from Overwatch, but I seemingly judged you too fairly. 

Let me tell you something you already know - the thing we have built here is a danger beyond dangers. We have been able to encapsulate it at times, yes, but this project stands on the absolute razor's edge, and always has. It is through the efforts of a dedicated team of some of the most brilliant scientists I have ever met that we have managed to contain the annihilating power therein for so long, and to presume that you will be able to do so without them is madness. And for what, Jon? So an Overseer can turn this site into their plaything? To give them something they can gaze into and wax poetic? To cast them all aside and allow these interests to infiltrate what we have worked so desperately to create is an act of paramount disrespect. 

I hope, at the very least, for the sake of whatever you once shared with her, that you let Cheryl know in person instead of through an email.

Cheers,

Ivan

**Addendum 7341.9:** Incident 7341.01 Terminality Leak

The SCP-7341 DELTA Test Series began on the 4th of October, 2021. While multiple tests were originally scheduled, only two tests took place - the Viska start-up test in DELTA I, and the full MYRKURHUGI activation run in DELTA II.

On the 21st of December, 2021, during MYRKURHUGI's start-up phase, a change was made to the energy allocation logic by an undetermined user. The change was made at the terminal level, and therefore did not require user authenticationHowever, the user in question would have required extensive knowledge of MYRKURHUGI's base intelligence layer. Only four members of the senior leadership would've been familiar with these systems - those being Dr. Kormaksson, Dr. LeClerc (who was off-site at the time), Dr. Gantry and Dr. Andrews.. Such changes normally require a handshake from MYRKURHUGI's logic evaluator, but the change was submitted in a three second window during which this evaluator was being cycled as part of the start-up phase.

MYRKURHUGI did initially identify and flag the change to its energy allocation logic, but this flag was marked non-critical and was not reviewed by the site administratorAt the time, Dr. Kormaksson. prior to the activation of the wave-point inhibitor. The flag was only noticed as the Viska array was coming online, at which point there was a seven second window during which the test could have been cancelled - however, Dr. Kormaksson neglected to shutter the array in time.

At the moment of point-void formation, the terminal boundary expanded beyond the Kjarna vessel as a result of the limited power resources available to the Viska array at the time. MYRKURHUGI immediately maximized the available power draw to Viska, which halted the boundary expansion at its current position within the Level 3 Observation Deck. 

Despite the catastrophic breach of containment, MYRKURHUGI identified the point-void formation and relative stability of the Viska array, and automatically began the test cycle. The test probe developed by Dr. Andrews was energized and inserted into SCP-7341The di-reality field generators protecting the probe are independently powered, and act as a secondary stabilizing force within MYRKURHUGI to supplement the primary field generators. While this has provided a small measure of relief to the currently overtaxed Viska array, the amount of power capable of being pushed through the generators is capped at the current materials limit of the probe itself.. While the test was cancelled shortly afterwards, the probe remains locked in place. 

**Addendum 7341.10:** Collected Notes and Correspondence of Dr. Cheryl Andrews, con't.

*From a collection of notes in Dr. Andrews' collection titled "To Suppose What is Real"*

There are two definite states in creation - the things that exist, and the things that do not. Beyond that there are those things that are physical - those that are made whole out of the matter of the universe, and there are those things that are immaterial - the thoughts, dreams, and stories of the physical. It is the latter that we often consider to be "the unreal", as we cannot reach out and touch them, we cannot see them with waking eyes. They exist in as many universes as there are those who imagine them, and they are as innumerable as they are fleeting.

But these immaterial things are not the unreal. A child's dream of what sort of hero they may grow up to be is not something you can neatly organize, certainly, but that does not mean it is not real. The immaterium is a boundaryway between what is and what is not - and therefore exists as an intermediary between the two - what *could* be. These fleeting hopes and ambitions are, in many ways, the stencil by which the unreal becomes the real, the inspiration from which the art of creation is drawn upon the canvas of reality.

We presume that the physical and the immaterial are altogether two different things, but they simply are not, nor can they be. A desperate mother hoping for another day, a wounded soldier dreaming of home, a storytelling turning memory into immortality - these are the simple acts that we, every single day, partake in which shape the very most base fabric of our existence. In this way we become not just an observer of the canvas of God, but the hand behind the brushstroke. 

If, then, we suppose that the unreal is not so foreign to us, and our ability to shape it not so limited, where is the limit of that power? How can we be satisfied to watch the hand move and not alter its course? I have heard some say that the limit of man should be at the doorstep of God, that we cannot cross that threshold into remaking the universe in our design. I would argue that this is a ludicrous notion - we do it every day! And if we are able to remake the universe - which should be clear now is within our grasp - then everything beyond this point is instrumentation. The length and depth of the brushstroke. The courseness of the fibers. The subtlety of the palette. 

When we gaze into the heart of oblivion, we are not giving ourselves to annihilation. We are asking the universe a question. We are looking at what is real and asking what is possible. In a sense, we are coming home - home to where our spirit calls us, home to that which most satisfies our soul. The void may seem like nothing; in truth - it is *everything*. We have only to reach out and touch the brush. 

Ours are the hands of God. The universe is the canvas. The unreal is the paint. We are the artists.

**Addendum 7341.11:** Feedback Compensation Moment Log

On the 23rd of October 2024, MYRKURHUGI identified a moment of realitivistic feedback through the millihume wave sensor probe locked in place within SCP-7341. 

This feedback moment cooresponded with an increase in incidents involving personnel stationed near the terminal boundary experiencing auditory hallucinations. The source of these hallucinations could not be determined.

Analysis of this data has been inconclusive. No additional feedback had been registered prior to this incident, and no feedback has been registered since.

</details>

<< [SCP-7340](SCP-7340) | SCP-7341 | [SCP-7342](SCP-7342) >>
