---

**Item #:** SCP-7730

###850004|**Level 2/7730**##

**Object Class:** Keter

###850004|**Classified**##

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation members are to avoid direct verbal communication with known patients of SCP-7730 whenever possible. Embedded agents within civilian hospitals are to be tasked with identifying patients of SCP-7730. All such patients are to be diagnosed with a non-anomalous autoimmune disease, and kept on observation. As the spread of SCP-7730 among the civilian population is difficult to track, full containment of SCP-7730 is impossible. However, as the rate of infection is low, simulations show SCP-7730 is not expected to spread beyond ⸺⸺⸺- total infectees.

**Description:** SCP-7730 is a contagious autoimmune disease spread via an anomalous memetic vector. It is estimated that there are currently approximately 350,000 active infection cases of SCP-7730, the majority of them being civilian. Immune systems affected by SCP-7730 will start attacking various different tissues of the host, with a preference towards specific types of tissue differing from patient to patient. The symptoms of SCP-7730 occur in three major stages:

* **Stage 1:** Patient is initially infected by SCP-7730, and the patient's immune system is modified to start slowly attacking specific tissues of the host body. At this stage, the symptoms of SCP-7730 may resemble that of various autoimmune diseases, such as type 1 diabetes or certain types of arthritis.

* **Stage 2:** After 1 to 3 years on average, the rate at which the patient's tissues deteriorate drastically increases, and the immune system begins to target a wider variety of tissues. Along with this, the patient's tissues also begin regenerating at a much faster rate, keeping the patient alive in a state of elevated pain. This stage lasts for 3 to 7 years.

* **Stage 3:** The rate at which the patient's tissues regenerate starts to slow down, causing the immune system to slowly destroy the patient's body, resulting in death.

There is no known case of a patient of SCP-7730 surviving longer than 11 years after the point of infection.

SCP-7730 spreads by mildly altering the voice of the patient to contain auditory memetic information that acts as a vector. The specific ways in which this alteration happens is currently unknown, and altered voices are indistinguishable from baseline vocal variations across the population. When a human is exposed to a sufficiently large amount of this altered voice,Notably, voices transmitted or recorded electronically do not contain the necessary memetic information to infect other hosts, as the slight information loss in the encoding process renders the memetic vectors inert. their nervous system will reconfigure itself to contain the memetic component of SCP-7730, causing them to be infected.

Despite extensive research, there is no known cure for SCP-7730.

[[collapsible show="[ 4/7730 Level Clearance Required ]" hide="[ Credentials Accepted. ]"]]

@@ @@

##### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

---

The following document is outdated, and may contain inaccurate information. View at your own discretion.

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

##### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

---

Ignore the warning above. If you can see this document, I assume you've already been fully briefed about what happened to the SCP-7730 situation. The document you are about to read below is the truth about what SCP-7730 is, or rather, could have been.

Hundreds of thousands suffer and die from SCP-7730 every day, thinking it's some other, less lethal and non-contagious disease. We could have cured them, we *could* cure them, but sometimes, these difficult decisions have to be made for the greater good.

Remember, we secure, we contain, and we protect.

-- Hana Lim, Archivist, RAISA

---

**Item #:** SCP-7730

###850004|**Level 4/7730**##

**Object Class:** Euclid

###850004|**Classified**##

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation members are to avoid direct verbal communication with known patients of SCP-7730 whenever possible. Foundation agents within civilian hospitals are to be tasked with identifying patients of SCP-7730. All such patients are to be relocated to Foundation-owned medical facilities, and treated with Procedure MT-7730-06.

At least one and no more than three D-class personnel are to be kept infected with SCP-7730 at any time for research purposes. Extensive care is to be taken to avoid SCP-7730 being spread to any research personnel involved.

As the infection rate of SCP-7730 is low, with the current containment procedures, it is estimated that SCP-7730 will be completely eradicated from the civilian population by July 2014.

**Description:** SCP-7730 is a contagious autoimmune disease spread via an anomalous memetic vector. There are currently 5,837 documented currently active infection cases of SCP-7730, the majority of them being civilian. Immune systems affected by SCP-7730 will start attacking various different tissues of the host, with a preference towards specific types of tissue differing from patient to patient. The symptoms of SCP-7730 occur in three major stages:

* **Stage 1:** Patient is initially infected by SCP-7730, and the patient's immune system is modified to start slowly attacking specific tissues of the host body. At this stage, the symptoms of SCP-7730 may resemble that of various autoimmune diseases, such as type 1 diabetes or certain types of arthritis.

* **Stage 2:** After 1 to 3 years on average, the rate at which the patient's tissues deteriorate drastically increases, and the immune system begins to target a wider variety of tissues. Along with this, the patient's tissues also begin regenerating at a much faster rate, keeping the patient alive in a state of elevated pain. This stage lasts for 3 to 7 years.

* **Stage 3:** The rate at which the patient's tissues regenerate starts to slow down, causing the immune system to slowly destroy the patient's body, resulting in death.

There is no known case of a patient of SCP-7730 that has not undergone Procedure MT-7730-06 surviving longer than 9 years after the point of infection.

SCP-7730 spreads by mildly altering the voice of the patient to contain auditory memetic information that acts as a vector. The specific ways in which this alteration happens is currently unknown, and altered voices are indistinguishable from baseline vocal variations across the population. When a human is exposed to a sufficiently large amount of this altered voice,Notably, voices transmitted or recorded electronically do not contain the necessary memetic information to infect other hosts, as the slight information loss in the encoding process renders the memetic vectors inert. their nervous system will reconfigure itself to contain the memetic component of SCP-7730, causing them to be infected.

After extensive research, a method to cure SCP-7730 has been developed, known as Procedure MT-7730-06. The procedure involves scanning the patient's neural activity, in order to generate packets of personalized memetic 'anti-information' that are delivered to the patient in parts over time, slowly counteracting the effects of SCP-7730. Despite being costly and labor-intensive, this method has been proven necessary in order to remove SCP-7730 entirely from the civilian population.

**Update 2005/10/09:** Due to the recent acquisition of multiple high-risk SCP objects, the funding on SCP-7730 research and treatment has been reduced. Foundation medical facilities MS009, MS032, and MS040 are no longer capable of treating patients with Procedure MT-7730-06.

Civilian patients sent to the aforementioned medical facilities are now to be put on quarantine indefinitely, and treated with non-anomalous medical procedures. When the symptoms reach the second or third stage, the patients are to be treated with painkillers.

**Update 2006/03/03:** Due to the large-scale reallocation of Foundation budget following the commencement of Project 009428-682, funding on SCP-7730 research and treatment has been halted indefinitely due to it being a low priority task. New containment procedures are being drafted accordingly.

**Update 2006/04/14:** Due to increasing reports of low morale, especially among recently reassigned research personnel, the Ethics Committee has determined that it is necessary to classify certain information relating to several low-priority SCPs that are not being actively researched in order to help personnel focus on more important tasks at hand.

Following Ethics Committee Ruling 060412-037, all Foundation personnel previously assigned to SCP-7730 research and treatment have been amnesticized, and all information regarding Procedure MT-7730-06 has been classified above Level 4 clearance.

<< [SCP-7729](SCP-7729) | SCP-7730 | [SCP-7731](SCP-7731) >>
