**Item #:** SCP-7388

**Object Class:** EuclidTransition to Thaumiel pending.

**Special Containment Procedures:** A stone wall perimeter has been constructed around SCP-7388 to limit risk of exposure. Any civilian attempting to breach the perimeter is to be turned away or detained depending on discretion. 

SCP-7388-A is to be observed regularly for deviations in its behavior. In the event SCP-7388-A becomes hostile to Foundation personnel or attempts to breach containment, stricter containment protocols are to be enacted.

**Description:** SCP-7388 refers to a two-story building located within the outskirts of Rishtan, Uzbekistan. While SCP-7388's architecture is reminiscent of those belonging to the 14th century Timurid empire, its materials (wooden frames, clay and air bricks etc.) have been dated back as recent to the 20th century. All preexisting roads and pathways leading to SCP-7388 have been destroyed prior to Foundation contact.

The interior of SCP-7388 is derelict, exhibiting signs of extreme dust build-up and damage expected for its age. Many loose objects and furniture are wrapped in or suspended by strands of silk, designated SCP-7388-1. SCP-7388-1 is nonflammable, nigh-resistant to physical damage, and possesses incredible tensile strength. SCP-7388-1 is in an overabundance inside SCP-7388, typically filling up half or entire areas of the interior. Despite SCP-7388's poor state of condition, no signs of animal infestation are present, with SCP-7388-A being the sole inhabitant of the building.

SCP-7388-A is a male specimen of the domestic silk moth *(Bombyx mori)*. While SCP-7388-A's exact properties remain unclear due to its uncooperative nature, it has been witnessed performing the following anomalous feats:

* Abstaining from nourishment and rest for extensive periods of time without consequence;

* Lifting and manipulating large heavy objects with ease than its muscles should allow;

* Possess a higher form of intelligence than expected of its species;

* Capable of producing strands of SCP-7388-1 from its body on command. SCP-7388-A can also interact with SCP-7388-1 freely as if it were non-anomalous silk;

* Teleportation (unconfirmed);In several incidents, SCP-7388-A was able to be fully extracted from SCP-7388 with great resistance. However, during transport overseas, SCP-7388-A was found to be missing from its confinement and soon reappeared inside SCP-7388 without any explanation. These attempts have been discontinued.

* Theoretically biologically immortal.

As of the time of writing, SCP-7388-A has been exclusively residing inside SCP-7388 and hasn't attempted leaving the property once in its containment history.

**Addendum-01, History:** The Foundation became aware of the existence of SCP-7388 when rumors of an "impenetrable house" began to circulate in neighboring communities. After these reports were confirmed, SCP-7388 was acquired by the Foundation under the guise of a buyout. Upon application of containment protocols an exploration into SCP-7388 was authorized; the sole entry available was the anomaly's secondary chimney.SCP-7388 possesses two chimneys: a forge and fireplace chimney respectively.

The exploration team soon took notice of SCP-7388-1. Not only were all windows and exterior doors covered, but SCP-7388-1 became highly obstructive to the point that a thorough search would prove impossible. To combat this, a MTGRMicro Tactical Ground Robot. was utilized but still encountered great difficulty in navigating the interior. Eventually, the drone made its way down the stairwell to the first floor, gaining access to the living room and a conjoined residential blacksmith workshop. The latter room was where the exploration team first encountered SCP-7388-A.

Intrigued, the Foundation attempted to communicate with the entity. Although SCP-7388-A acknowledged this, the entity refused to respond and has resisted all attempts of extraction thus far. Next, it was decided that observing SCP-7388-A's behavioral patterns was the best course of action. When left uninterrupted, SCP-7388-A will regularly engage in the production of bladed weaponry and other crafts through the use of the workshop. While the entity performs this action at a rapid pace, the items produced will always be inconsistent and be varied in levels of quality. This usually results in SCP-7388-A expressing immense displeasure and tossing the product aside in a pile to be reheated at a later date. In addition, it has been witnessed consuming large amounts of nectar and fermented fruit near the grinding wheel, pausing and thrashing around violently. It still has displayed no interest in leaving the studio.

Just before the day the drone was ordered to be pulled out, the exploration had noticed that, in certain areas of SCP-7388, tied together beside other miscellaneous objects on SCP-7388-1 were a series of swords of archaic design. This fact was going to be dismissed until it was realized that these swords featured hieroglyphs stylized as engravings, all of which depicted SCP-7388-A in various activities. 

Using several dating systems, these swords were organized in chronological order:

| Sword | Hieroglyph | Location | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Khopesh | The scene depicts a group of silkworms chasing out a larger silkworm with a human brain and torch hovering over their head out of a tree. This silkworm is then seen traveling a desert landscape away from the Great Sphinx of Giza. | Upstairs Hallway. | This sword is the oldest object inside SCP-7388. |
| Kopis | The famished silkworm is flying away, finding shelter in a cave from soldiers bearing the Vergina Sun on their chest. An equally famished feline bearing a gray-brown color scheme is also in the cave. The silkworm panics and tries to flee when the feline lies on its back, exposing its belly to it. The silkworm visibly relaxes as they both huddle up close and watch the soldiers far away. | Washroom Closet. | Unlike the other swords, this is hung by a pair of golden hooks. |
| Shamshir | The silkworm and sand cat are exchanging leaves and rodent carcasses to each other. As the two consume their meal, the silkworm looks to a settlement in the distance. | Kitchen. | The entire room is filled to the brim with SCP-7388-1 and cannot be accessed. |
| Scimitar | The silkworm and the feline are seen purchasing a house. While walking through the market the silkworm spots a man engaging in the act of blacksmithing. A torch hovers over their head again as they engage in blacksmithing with a line of people forming in front of their house. The feline rubs their head against the silkworm affectionately as the latter works. | Master Bedroom. | The room had two beds, both extremely small in size and pressed in against each other. |
| Sabre | The silkworm and feline are fleeing a settlement as soldiers dressed as Mongols attack it. They are about to reach a clearing when a pointed line hits the feline, killing it. A rain cloud appears above the silkworm's head as it rests on top of the feline. The next scene depicts staring at a pair of oncoming Mongolian soldiers; a thunder cloud is hovering above the silkworm. | Underneath the stairwell. | The hieroglyphs appear to have been inscribed on the sword long after it has been created. The item is also coated in dry human blood. |
| Longsword | The silkworm is blacksmithing alone when a letter is present on the anvil. The letter is opened and features the iconography of a hammer and sickle. A speech bubble featuring knives and swords being produced by blacksmithing superimposed by a "⊘" hovers over the letter. The silkworm sits on their porch with a rain cloud over the head as it stares from their porch. It is alone. | Living room. | Found in a trashcan, alongside advertisements signs written in Uzbek. |
| Indiscernible; blade is missing. | The silkworm blacksmithing in the workshop. The faint outline of a feline-shaped figure is nearly scratched out. An olive tree is in the distance. | Above the entrance leading to the workshop. | The sword is severely damaged. |
**Addendum-02, Interview:** More than a month after containing SCP-7388, during a routine exploration of the living room, the drone discovered that a hole had been cut into the SCP-7388-1 strands blocking the workshop's entrance. Upon spotting the drone, SCP-7388-A verbally addressed it while gesturing to come closer with its hammer. Surprised by this deviation of behavior, Dr. Fadel scheduled an interview with the entity. 

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7388-A/Rishtan/Interview ◀</summary>

> **Foreword:** Interview was conducted in Uzbek.

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[SCP-7388-A is facing away from the drone. SCP-7388-A is sharpening a knife on the grinding wheel.]*

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** That's a big knife there you have there. Looks very eloquent too... erm--

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** Call me by my "Number." Names are for friends, and you aren't one of them.

> 

> *[The knife presses firmer against the wheel. The noise emitted from the friction becomes louder. Dr. Fadel is silent.]*

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** Right... [Clears throat] Before I begin, we must address something. Originally, we thought you were incapable of speech. How are you able to accomplish this?

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** Wings produce noise. Move wings just right, get results. Don't know, don't care.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** [Off-microphone] Write down "possible kinetoglyph." And was there anyone else besides us who are aware of... your unique nature?

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** Met many people, but all were oblivious.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** Why's that?

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** A craftsman never reveals his secrets. Use your imagination if you're so curious.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** [Sigh] I was under the impression you were going to.

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** Never had, never will.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** Then why bother talking to us?

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** Because your obliviousness is my annoyance.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** I beg your pardon?

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** Hmph.

> 

> *[After sharpening the knife, SCP-7388-A moves away from the wheel and to the furnace. The entity inserts a large jagged piece of iron inside.]*

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** You are annoying me, *tremendously*. And those plane rides from earlier?

> 

> *[The heat inside the furnace rises. SCP-7388-A snaps their head to the drone.]*

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** It didn't help. Not. One. Bit.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** ...I had no part in that decision if that helps.

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** It *doesn't.* And since you struggle to heed the tiniest shred of subtlety, I will phrase this in the most simplest way possible. Stay out of my workshop.

> 

> *[SCP-7388-A takes the incandescent piece of iron and begins striking it on an anvil with a hammer. Dr. Fadel is about to speak when the entity interrupts him.]*

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** I know who you are. Men pretending to be ghosts to uphold an unfathomable masquerade. But I'm just a lone soul busy contending with my own needs. Why else do you think I locked the house to begin with? For randomness? For fun?

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** We just want to learn why--

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** --I'm not bending over backwards, catering to your every wish? Easy. I learned appeasement can only get so far. I can see the walls out there, the soldiers patrolling them... I don't mind having neighbors. You can do whatever you want, just leave me out of it. Don't waste both our time convincing me otherwise. 

> 

> *[SCP-7388-A gestures the hammer to the living room.]*

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** But this is technically an interview, is it not?

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** Yes?

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** When the sword is finished, you leave. If you have any questions, say them now or forever hold your peace. That is my final generosity to you.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** That... shoot... well that certainly narrows it down. Alright then, what's with the swords?

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** Swords are popular in these parts. I made them all the time until they passed that insidious ban--

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** I'm referring to the ones outside your shop, the ones caught in webs all around the house.

> 

> *[SCP-7388-A's striking speed against the iron decreases.]*

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** They're just decorations. I must have misplaced them.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** Those *decorations* depicted you in a lot of situations--

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** I got inspired multiple times in my life and made art because of it. You're looking too deep into it--

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** Why was there a cat?

> 

> *[SCP-7388-A stops striking the anvil and turns around.]*

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** I don't know what you're talking about.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** There was a cat featured on most of those swords.

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** ...Just a reference to another poor soul I met on my travels. 

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** You sure? Because most of those swords depicted you being together--

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** You need to leave. Right now.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** What happened to it? Did you do something to the creature after you--

> 

> *[SCP-7388-A abruptly flies onto the drone's head, wielding up the hammer up high.]*

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** Creature?! How dare you lash your tongue. How dare you accuse me of defiling her! You could never... never...

> 

> *[The hammer slips from SCP-7388-A's grasp. The drone angles its camera to the entity as it is shuddering and begins to produce sounds similar to sniveling. A miniature ring can be seen on its foreleg.]*

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** Who was she really?

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** She was just someone... who came to the right place at the right time. We had a lot in common... and now she's gone... I tried ignoring it but living as long as I have? Its inevitable, impossible... Do... whatever you want with the land. I don't care. Just forget about me and move on. I just really need to be alone right now.

> 

> **Dr. Fadel:** But--

> 

> *[SCP-7388-A looks directly into the drone's lens. It caresses the ring tightly.]*

> 

> **SCP-7388-A:** [Softly] Please...

> 

> = **[END LOG]** 

</details>

---

SCP-7388-A immediately escorted the drone to the living room after the interview, repairing the hole on the entrance's barrier. The entity was seen frequently staring out one of the windows afterwards, particularly towards a withering olive tree present on the property. An irregularly-shaped pile of dirt was underneath the tree. When SCP-7388-A was distracted, Foundation personnel quickly excavated the area, uncovering the remains of an adult female Turkestan sand cat. Two foreign objects were present on the corpse, an arrowhead embedded deep into its lungs and a ring fastened on one of its front toes.

**Addendum-03, Final Experiment:** Following the failure of obtaining further information related to SCP-7388-A, the Foundation debated on reallocating resources given to research to containment-related matters instead. However, before the decision could be finalized, Dr. Fadel wished to conduct one final experiment with the anomaly. The parameters had yet to be made at the time, but involved the introduction of a foreign subject inside SCP-7388.

Although there was much skepticism, Dr. Fadel justified his proposal citing his first-hand experience with the anomaly. That, combined with the lack of risk involved, convinced the Foundation to approve the experiment. Below is the abridged timeline of events:

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7388/Containment/Log ◀</summary>

> **Incident #:** 01

> 

> **Event:** A cage has been installed on the drone to carry the designated subject inside, alongside proper amenities and a functional walkie-talkie. The drone parks in front of the workshop entrance, aggravating SCP-7388-A. The entity turns around and freezes. They open up the barrier on the entrance then open up the cage, expressing bewilderment at the domestic cat inside. SCP-7388-A shakes their head and speaks to the camera. The entity tries to remind the camera operators on its request for solitude when the cat exits the cage and inspects the workshop in curiosity. SCP-7388-A tries to further object when the kitten begins to sleep on the stone floor. The entity lightly slaps its head and sighs.

> 

> **Notes:** An hour later, SCP-7388-A transported the care package inside and resealed the entrance. The designated subject was successfully deployed inside the workshop.

> **Incident #:** 04

> 

> **Event:** The cat is rolling on the ground as SCP-7388-A is wiping sandpaper on a collection of swords. The cat then bites on the edge of the tablecloth and pulls on it, moving the swords and startling SCP-7388-A. The entity then lightly reprimands the cat and opens a nearby drawer. SCP-7388-A pulls out a collection of items and presents them to the cat one by one, but each fails to invoke its interest. SCP-7388-A begins to become annoyed when the cat suddenly rubs its head against the entity purring as it does so. SCP-7388-A becomes stunned, then looks at the empty food bowl. SCP-7388-A sighs lightly and flutters to the walkie-talkie.

> 

> **Notes:** SCP-7388-A requested a substantial amount of dry cat food. Request granted. The entity had removed the strands of SCP-7388-1 in the workshop for the cat's convenience.

> **Incident #:** 06

> 

> **Event:** SCP-7388-A had set the cat onto a workbench, attempting to teach the latter about the merits of blacksmithing over the course of several hours. Due to the cat being non-anomalous, this obviously fails. Extremely agitated, SCP-7388-A yells at the cat, resulting in it jumping off the workbench and hiding behind a trash can in fear. 

> 

> SCP-7388-A observes this, visibly ashamed. Calming down, SCP-7388-A turns off its blacksmithing equipment, then opens the drawer. Fashioning a makeshift wand toy out of a metal rod and pillow feathers, the entity makes their way to the trashcan and moves the stick around. The cat peers away from the trash can, and after some time, begins to play with the stick.

> 

> **Notes:** SCP-7388-A has begun to forge items outside of bladed weaponry, specifically small metal blocks, additional sticks and a small collar. The entity removed all SCP-7388-1 strands inside the workshop.

> **Incident #:** 07

> 

> **Event:** SCP-7388-A walks into the main area of the workshop following its rest. The entity moves towards its main workbench when it observes the cat motionless on the floor. SCP-7388-A flutters quickly to it in confusion but notices the jar of fermented fruit is spilled out on the floor, exclaiming traces of its contents are on the feline's maw. SCP-7388-A panics, and uses the walkie-talkie to communicate to the Foundation for help. After personnel arrive, the entity hands over the cat to them so the cat could receive emergency medical treatment.

> 

> **Notes:** SCP-7388-A had shredded both the SCP-7388-1 strands on the entrances of the workshop and main door of SCP-7388. The entity didn't rebuild them after the cat had been escorted out.

> **Incident #:** 08

> 

> **Event:** SCP-7388-A does not resume its usual behavior after the events of the previous incident. Instead of blacksmithing, it paces around the living room, neglecting its usual sleeping patterns as well. Halfway through the day, SCP-7388-A begins murmuring in this state, climaxing into indecipherable screaming. Then the entity flips furniture around, tearing down all the SCP-7388-1 inside the living room. SCP-7388-A is about to tear down the last one when it spots the sword fastened above the workshop entrance.

> 

> SCP-7388-A retrieves its ring and the collar, staring between the two before the entity produces noises similar to crying. The entity then removes its ring and slaps itself on the head multiple times as it shudders on the couch. The door then knocks. SCP-7388-A snaps its head to it and rapidly opens the door. A member of Foundation personnel gives the entity back the cat, now healthy. SCP-7388-A thanks him and begins hugging the cat tremendously.

> 

> **Notes:** Shortly after, SCP-7388-A had removed all of the fermented fruit outside of SCP-7388.

> **Incident #:** 10

> 

> **Event:** SCP-7388-A spends the entirety of three days cleaning SCP-7388's interior. This consists of dusting out all the furniture, repairing all the wall paper, and removing a majority of SCP-7388-1 strands, transforming the rest into curtains and other forms of decoration. The cat can be seen accompanying SCP-7388-A during this, with the entity's ring now attached to its collar. After accomplishing its work, SCP-7388-A makes a request for furniture and other building-related supplies. Request granted. 

> 

> **Notes:** After SCP-7388 was completely redecorated, SCP-7388-A collected all the swords documented in addendum-01 and placed them in a large leather case. The entity appeared to mutter a prayer in Uzbek, then placed the case into the closet.

> **Incident #:** 15

> 

> **Event:** SCP-7388's interior is now refurnished to that of a typical, modern Uzbekistan home. SCP-7388-A's behavioral pattern has been altered so the entity engages in blacksmithing and caretaking the cat in moderation. SCP-7388-A pets the cat on the head as it is sleeping and goes to refill its food bowl when it spots a shiny object on the ground. This object is a screw, later identified as belonging to the drone weeks prior. The entity inspects the screw, scratches its head when it visibly expresses excitement. SCP-7388-A then flutters to its personal study to write out a letter.

> 

> **Notes:** *(See Addendum-04)*

</details>

---

**Addendum-04, Update:** SCP-7388-A had exited SCP-7388 in a calmly manner and formally communicated with members of staff in regard to adjusting the conditions of its containment. These adjustments detailed that both SCP-7388-A and its "companion" would be allowed freer range of movement as well as access to higher quality amenities. In exchange the entity will continuously remain in the containment perimeter and be required to divulge all knowledge and experiences it has learned over its lifespan.

These adjustments were initially contested, until SCP-7388-A delivered "a sample", several stacks of documents, to the research team. These documents discussed a wide variety of topics including but not limited too: Locations and sightings of previously unknown anomalies, more in-depth knowledge on the study of Beryllium bronze, and first-hand accounts on significant events that had occurred in the Middle East, with some gaining insight or disproving certain well-known events. This, in addition to SCP-7388-A's pacifistic-leaning nature, was convincing enough to begin the process of slowly implementing these adjustments. 

SCP-7388-A also turned over a hand-written note and requested it be delivered to Dr. Fadel, alongside a homemade ring with a screw built into it. The note was written in English:

> Who said I couldn't be a writer too?

> 

> I apologize if our first encounter went awry. I was not in the best mindset to begin with, but you already knew that. Most people these days underestimate the true value of people. Due to who I was, my "friends" were few and far between. But she was undoubtedly the best, perhaps even more than that. Only a shame I learned that far after the fact.

> 

> I still think about her sometimes. How I keep fretting myself awake over what I could've and shouldn't have done. It's a wound that only time can heal, or at very least lessen its sting. I cannot believe I was so content to remain engulfed in this cocoon I wrapped myself in if it were not for Mohira.SCP-7388-A's pet. Her light may not be as bright as my beloved, but it is just as warm.

> 

> I know I will lose her again. I love her with all my heart, but I know I will outlive her a thousand times over. But I cannot afford to be consumed by it. It'll be years from now but it will come one day. I don't know if I'll be completely ready when it comes but I will never keep her for granted. I promise to spoil her right. And maybe in stranger days I will be treated to that same fate. But I will smile, and so will they.

> 

> Take it from the old man himself. Nothing last forever. So why not do me a favor and make it count.

<< [SCP-7387](SCP-7387) | SCP-7388 | [SCP-7389](SCP-7389) >>
