.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

.dryg {

    padding-left: 12px; 

    padding-right: 12px; 

    padding-top: 6px;

    background: #feff8c;

    border:solid 2px #FF6D00;

}

.ad_memo {

    background: #F4DFDF;

    background-size: 400px;

    background-position: center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    box-shadow: 0px 0px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);

    width: 90%;

    min-height: 4rem;

    margin-left: auto;

    margin-right: auto;

    padding: 10px 20px 20px 20px;

    word-break: break-word;

}

---

**To:** Ethics Committee Member Lilian Vance

**From:** Ethics Committee Automated Scheduling System

**Subject:** Proposal 7509-SMOKESCREEN-TN02 Briefing

---

Lilian Vance,

You have been randomly selected for the Ethics Committee Roundtable for voting on the following proposal:

<details>
<summary>+ Proposal 7509-SMOKESCREEN-TN02</summary>

---

> **Submission Date:** 1993-08-14

> 

> **Submitted By:** SCP-7509 Head Researcher & Biological Research & Quarantine Site-279 Director Avery Jackson

> 

> **Regarding:** SCP-7509, Operation Smokescreen

> 

> **Proposal:** The immediate termination of all activities related to Operation Smokescreen, and the creation of a secondary project to begin the immediate reversal of its effects on the world at large

> 

> **Justification:** Operation Smokescreen has caused worldwide destructive effects, resulting in an estimated 100,000 deaths due to non-anomalous weather-related disasters since its implementation in 1972. Due to advancements made in medical science since SCP-7509's initial containment, these measures can no longer be justified as the price of containment.

</details>

This roundtable is scheduled for 1993-08-25 at 15:00 Foundation Coordinated Time in Ethics Committee Site-405 Conference Room G8.

This proposal has been linked to the following SCP Object(s):

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-7509</summary>

---

**Object Class**: Fungal/Pathogen

**Secondary Class**: Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation staff are to monitor medical literature and hospital records for mention of SCP-7509 or any patients reported to have symptoms consistent with its infection. Infected subjects are to be detained and quarantined at the nearest Foundation facility suitable for this purpose. Witnesses aware of the nature of infection are to be amnesticized. Close relations to the infected subject, such as friends and family, are to be told that they have developed a highly infectious respiratory disease and are currently undergoing intensive treatment at Foundation front corporation Sympathetic Care Providers. If necessary, amnestics may be administered to these individuals as well.

Treatment of SCP-7509 infection is to be considered on a case-by-case basis. Any individuals quarantined while still in Stage 1 infection are to be administered active carbon pills twice daily. If a previously infected individual has been free of SCP-7509 for a continuous period of six months, they may be amnesticized and released, with monitoring at regular intervals for potential recurrence. The remains of subjects killed by SCP-7509 infection are to be incinerated unless saved for testing. Family and other individuals with power of attorney may receive the incinerated remains upon request.

All Foundation facilities with sealed atmospheric regulatory systems are to maintain internal carbon dioxide levels of 350 parts per million or higher. All Foundation personnel have been placed on daily regimens of active carbon pills to prevent infection. All facilities in which testing of SCP-7509 or quarantining of infected individuals is performed are to observe BSL-4 precautions at all times, including airflow maintenance, issuance of positive-pressure suits to all personnel, and the use of Class III Biosafety Cabinets to house infected subjects or samples of SCP-7509.

Worldwide attempts at containment of SCP-7509 are ongoing per Operation Smokescreen. Further information is restricted to personnel with 7509/4 clearance.

**Description:** SCP-7509 is a highly infectious fungal parasite that primarily affects human hosts. The structure of SCP-7509's cells appears to rely on a series of nitrogen-based molecules that do not comply with normal laws of biochemistry. Several of these molecules are identical to those characteristic of [SCP-7815](SCP-7815); research into a possible shared origin has been suggested, but placed on hold due to the higher priority task of research into a cure for infection.

SCP-7509 infection begins when a host breathes in the anomaly's spores (designated SCP-7509-1), and proceeds in three distinct stages.

SCP-7509 Infection Progression

Stage 1

* Not yet able to transmit infection; outward symptoms could be mistaken for upper respiratory infections

* Formation of hemispherical growths roughly 5 millimeters in diameter (designated SCP-7509-2) along the walls of the subject's trachea. SCP-7509-2 are microporous, and their inside surface is coated with a nitrogenous adsorbent similar in structure to the aluminosilicate zeolite. A chemical adsorbent commonly used to filter CO2 and CO out of the air.  The theorized purpose of SCP-7509-2 is to filter carbon-based gases out of the subject's respiratory system in order to create an environment more hospitable to further infection.

* Soreness of the throat

* Coughing

* Shortness of breath

* Most easily detected by testing of a sample acquired by tracheal swab

Stage 2

* Replacement of the alveolar walls The walls of the alveoli, sac-like structures allowing for the diffusion of air through the bloodstream to facilitate exchange of gases with the circulatory system.  with a semipermeable membrane (SCP-7509-3). SCP-7509-3 allows the parasite to absorb nutrients directly from the host's bloodstream.

* Formation of firm stalks in the lower lungs roughly 20mm long (SCP-7509-4) which function as the anomaly's sporangia, Structures within a spore-producing lifeform that play an active role in the production and diffusion of the lifeform's spores.  continuously producing and releasing SCP-7509-1

* Difficulty breathing, in some cases requiring intubation or other assisted ventilation

* Hemoptysis Coughing up blood from injuries in the lungs. 

* The most decisive method of testing for Stage 2 SCP-7509 infection is through lung biopsy, but less invasive blood draws, tracheal swabs, and breathalyzers Adapted to test for SCP-7509-1.  have proven effective, albeit with greater risk of false negative results

Stage 3

* Tumorous growths with no discernible purpose (SCP-7509-5) throughout the subject's body

* Severe bloating from SCP-7509-5, in turn leading to internal bruising and bleeding, especially of vital organs, as they begin to scrape against the ribcage and spinal column

* In 95% of cases, death occurs within two weeks of progression to Stage 3 infection. This results from the aforementioned internal bleeding combined with continued difficulty breathing and the infection's draw of vital nutrients from the body. Jackson, Melinda and Avery Jackson. "Epidemiological observations on the symptomatology, vectors of infection, lethality, and spread of SCP-7509: an observational study of infected subjects." Oct 9, 1971 

* Readily apparent by observation, but can be verified by the same tests as Stage 2 infection

Research into treatment for SCP-7509 infection is ongoing at Biological Research & Quarantine Site-279, led by Dr. Melinda Jackson and Dr. Avery Jackson. It has been proven that SCP-7509 infection is incapable of advancing in environments with mildly higher presence of carbon-based molecules, These effects become noticeable at around 340 parts per million for atmospheric carbon, or about 35 millimoles per liter in the bloodstream.  leading to SCP-7509's current containment procedures. Surgical extraction, in combination with targeted cryotherapy and chemotherapy, have proven effective at removing SCP-7509-2, SCP-7509-3, and SCP-7509-4, effectively reverting infection to early Stage 1, where it can then be effectively "frozen" with active carbon ingestion. However, due to the proximity of SCP-7509 structures to vital respiratory organs, this treatment is difficult to perform, and logistically difficult to implement globally. Additionally, the microscopic nature of SCP-7509-1 means it is often difficult to completely cure any infected individual, and the majority of SCP-7509 infections recur within four months or less of treatment. As of 1972-01-29, there have been only nine recorded cases of an individual being completely cured of SCP-7509 infection for a period longer than six months.  Jackson, Melinda and Avery Jackson. "Practical analysis of experimental data regarding attempted treatment of or inoculation against SCP-7509, with emphasis on extension to global treatment." Jan 29, 1972  The current focus of SCP-7509 research is the development of a cost-effective means of effectively eradicating the anomaly which could be implemented without revealing the existence of SCP-7509 or the Foundation to the general public.

**Addendum 7509.1: Operation Smokescreen.** The research performed by Drs. Avery and Melinda Jackson has revealed a cost-effective method of worldwide containment for SCP-7509, in the form of a project Dr. Avery Jackson has entitled "Operation Smokescreen." Operation Smokescreen was proposed on 1972-11-16 and approved by the O5 council three days later, on 1972-11-19. Further information is restricted to individuals with 7509/4 clearance.

</details>

This proposal has been linked to the following project file(s): 

<details>
<summary>+ Operation Smokescreen Proposal</summary>

---

#### PROJECT PROPOSAL: OPERATION SMOKESCREEN

**Submission:** Filed by Dr. Avery Jackson, SCP-7509 Researcher, on 1972-11-16.

**Preamble:** SCP-7509 is presently uncontained, and has infected nearly 30,000 known individuals since its initial discovery. The current containment procedures are unsustainable with the infection's rate of spread; events as they stand pose serious threat of both a BK-Class "Broken Masquerade" scenario and an NK-Class "Grey Goo" scenario. For this reason, a plan for its containment globally must be implemented immediately. Research conducted at Biological Research & Quarantine Site-279 by myself, Dr. Melinda Jackson, and our team has revealed that SCP-7509's infectious activity is effectively halted by the presence of carbon-based molecules in its environment, and that this effect becomes apparent before symptoms of carboniferous poisoning would become dangerous to humans or other multicellular life. This suggests a potential method for the containment of SCP-7509 which has not yet been explored.

**Proposal:** The central objective of this proposal is the exploitation of existing industries to raise the content of carbon-based gases in the atmosphere to above 350 parts per million. Per Site-279's research, this should render SCP-7509 infection worldwide inconsequential; SCP-7509-1 will be completely inert, unable to take root in any individual as long as they continue to receive a steady supply of atmospheric air.

Three suitable industries have been identified:

* Coal, oil, and natural gas-based power plants (colloquially "fossil fuels,") the natural operation of which produces both carbon dioxide (CO2) and carbon monoxide (CO) as a byproduct, commonly vented into the atmosphere

* Gasoline- and diesel-powered transportation, which produce carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide during their operation through the same process as other combustion technologies

* Livestock agriculture, which naturally produces methane (CH4) as a waste product

Operation Smokescreen will artificially boost these three industries through a two-pronged approach: a global disinformation campaign to sway public opinion in favor of them and against their competitors or alternatives, and political lobbying through front corporations in order to ensure policy that will make them more profitable than alternatives. These two efforts in tandem will, through basic economic principle, result in profound growth in the selected industries. Analysis by Site-279 research personnel projects that it will be possible to reach the desired 350 parts per million by the year 1990. Costs will not be insignificant, but Operation Smokescreen will be significantly less costly - not to mention more all-encompassing - than attempts at SCP-7509 containment by current means.

**COUNCIL VOTE SUMMARY:**

| YEA | NAY | ABSTAIN |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **O5-01** | **O5-04** | **O5-08** |
| **O5-02** | **O5-10** | **O5-12** |
| **O5-03** | **O5-13** |  |
| **O5-05** |  |  |
| **O5-06** |  |  |
| **O5-07** |  |  |
| **O5-09** |  |  |
| **O5-11** |  |  |
@@ @@

| STATUS |
| --- |
| ##057800|APPROVED## |

</details>

Your supervisor has flagged the following document(s), presented in chronological order, as relevant. Please review them before the meeting convenes.

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-7509 Archived File</summary>

---

**Archived Object Class**: Fungal/Humanoid

**Archived Containment Class**: Euclid

**Archived Disruption Class**: Vlam

**Archived Risk Class**: Caution

@@ @@

# WARNING: OUTDATED FILE FOR AN ACTIVE ANOMALY

---

### THE ANOMALY DESCRIBED IN THIS FILE IS NO LONGER NEUTRALIZED AS OF A CONTAINMENT BREACH ON 1970-09-09. UNTIL THE FILE IS UPDATED, REFER TO THE BREACH REPORT FOR MORE INFORMATION.

@@ @@

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The remains of SCP-7509 are held in Storage Freezer 2A in Biological Research and Quarantine Site-279. 

**Archived Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7509 is contained in Humanoid Containment Cell 29-B6 of Biological Research and Quarantine Site-279. Per Ethics Committee standards for containment of Humanoid-class anomalies, SCP-7509 is provided a nutritionally complete diet and may earn the right to request luxury items such as books, world news, family photographs, etc. as a reward for cooperation. Due to SCP-7509's immunocompromised nature, any such items are to be thoroughly sanitized before introduction to its containment cell. 

Though SCP-7509-A is not currently known to be contagious, caution is still to be taken in its handling. Any samples of SCP-7509-A material not currently being used for testing are to be either frozen or incinerated.

SCP-7509's psychological profiles do not indicate that it is likely to be an active danger to itself or others; it has not yet developed the despondence, depression, or irrational anger common of subjects in containment. Despite this, SCP-7509 is to undergo monthly psychological evaluations to monitor any changes in its mental state, as self-harming and suicidal behavior are common of anomalies in its position.

**Description:** SCP-7509 was a 34-year-old male human being named David Quinn. SCP-7509 was severely immunocompromised due to a genetic disability, and as such had developed several diseases over the course of his life, necessitating frequent visits to various specialist medical doctors. SCP-7509 was in Foundation custody due to being the sole known host of an anomalous parasitic condition, known as SCP-7509-A.

SCP-7509-A resembles an extreme variation of certain non-anomalous fungal parasites. However, its nitrogenous structure violated several guiding principles of modern biochemistry. Additionally, its severity and rate of acceleration were beyond what could be expected of standard parasites. For these reasons, it is currently considered to be only understandable as anomalous.

SCP-7509-A's primary symptom was the growth of several fungal structures, and the replacement of SCP-7509's bodily tissues with the same. These growths ranged from stalks resembling mushrooms to porous hemispheres; the purpose of these growths is unknown, assuming that one exists, but they resulted in severe outward symptoms common to certain forms of respiratory infection, such as hemoptysis and difficulty breathing unassisted. 

SCP-7509 claimed no control over SCP-7509-A, or any other disease with which it had been infected, and no evidence was ever found to contradict these claims. SCP-7509 displayed no unusual or anomalous traits aside from hosting SCP-7509-A; while its immune system was unusually poor compared to baseline humanity, the observed effects of this condition were consistent with [DOCK8 deficiency.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DOCK8_deficiency) A non-anomalous genetic condition resulting in immunodeficiency, including increased susceptibility to respiratory and fungal diseases. 

The primary focus of SCP-7509 research, prior to its neutralization, was the attempt to find means to extend its life. Many of the attempted solutions involved the removal of SCP-7509-A from SCP-7509's body, through cryotherapy, chemotherapy, surgery, and other measures. While such attempts did appear to slow the degradation of SCP-7509's bodily systems, they also weakened its immune system further. Furthermore, SCP-7509-A infection invariably recurred within several days of treatment.

**Addendum 7509.1: Discovery.** SCP-7509 was discovered in 1970-05-25, after a routine review of medical literature pending publication revealed a case study of an unknown, rare parasite (SCP-7509-A) affecting only a single individual. Foundation agents embedded within medical journals suppressed the publication of the piece and tracked down its authors, siblings Avery and Melinda Jackson, medical doctors (a pulmonologist and parasitologist respectively) who had been attempting to treat SCP-7509. The Jackson siblings were offered (and accepted) employment with the Foundation, and gave over enough identifying information to locate and detain SCP-7509 and transport it to custody. Since then, the Drs. Jackson have become prominent figures amongst Site-279's staff.

**Addendum 7509.2: Psychological Profile.** Per Ethics Committee Regulation 279.6.11.3 Subsection B, the Department of Psychology undergoes regular counseling with SCP-7509. From information gleaned in these sessions, a detailed psychological profile of the anomaly was constructed on 1970-07-16.

SCP-7509 is naturally outgoing, yet has trouble with professional detachment, often forming parasocial bonds which it views as friendships. These bonds extend to individuals such as its various medical specialists prior to containment and Foundation staff. While some of those it engages with find this behavior annoying, many (such as Dr. Melinda Jackson) refer to it endearingly, and it generally does not interfere with SCP-7509's ability to live a normal social life inasmuch is possible for anomalies in containment.

While SCP-7509 exhibits mild symptoms of depression, it has not been formally diagnosed with any depressive disorder. These symptoms are far below the baseline observed of other humanoid SCP objects in containment, and have not led to any serious effects such as self-harming or suicidal behavior. SCP-7509 remains resolutely hopeful, despite the risk factors presented by containment (social isolation, physical confinement, lack of variety) or those in its past (its long history of medical difficulties and the resultant financial trouble.)

SCP-7509 has a strong sense of justice, which, coupled with its natural determination, have led it to become a participant in many activist movements before its time in containment. Its occupation prior to discovery by the Foundation was as a freelance writer for various independent publications such as *[https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whole_Earth_Catalog The Whole Earth Catalog,]// An American counterculture magazine with themes of conservationism and self-reliance.  and it was actively involved in protests against the continuation of the Vietnam War, as well as the "Earth Day" conservationist protest held on 1970-04-22. 

It is believed that many of SCP-7509's depressive symptoms are tied to its newly perceived helplessness while in containment, compared to its previous active role in various social justice movements. The Department of Psychology proposes that, where its condition allows, SCP-7509 be engaged in forms of activism which do not require it to leave containment.

**Addendum 7509.3: Activities Whilst in Containment**

On 1970-07-25, after two full months of employment with the Foundation, Dr. Melinda Jackson was granted provisional clearance to speak to SCP-7509 again. She was instructed to explain to the subject the Department of Psychology's proposals for involving SCP-7509 in activism.  The Jackson siblings were previously denied access to SCP-7509 as their past history with the anomaly posed the risk of loyalties to it overriding loyalties to the Foundation. Provisional access was granted as it was believed that SCP-7509 would be more open to suggestions from Dr. Jackson, given its familiarity with her. The following conversation resulted:

**Dr. Jackson:** Good morning, David.

**SCP-7509:** Dr. Jackson? Is that actually you, or have I been in the padded cell so long I actually started hallucinating?

**Dr. Jackson:** It's me. Don't worry, it's not your *mental* health we're concerned with.

**SCP-7509:** ...right. Who's "we?"

**Dr. Jackson:** Your care team, of course. Myself, Avery, and... the rest of them.

**SCP-7509:** "Them?"

**Dr. Jackson:** Are you going to spend this whole conversation asking questions about various pronouns?

**SCP-7509:** *(smiling)* Are you going to spend it avoiding them?

**Dr. Jackson:** Touché. Okay, I don't think I'll get in trouble for giving you the short version. Your treatment has been taken over by a secret organization called the SCP Foundation. They study things that don't make sense, and work to keep humanity safe from them. They-

**SCP-7509:** Ah, so I'm in here because the Men in Black decided I wasn't safe to be around?

**Dr. Jackson:** David, please don't. You're in here because we've never seen anything like your infection, it doesn't play by normal laws of biology, and we're trying to heal you. That's all.

**SCP-7509:** You keep alternating between "we" and "they." Are you one of them?

**Dr. Jackson:** ...yes.

**SCP-7509:** Great. So how long have you been monitoring me, then? Were you guys just waiting for me to catch some magic disease so you could study how it would affect someone whose body never learned to fight off as much as a common cold?

**Dr. Jackson:** David, please, it's not like that! Avery and I only joined when they took over your treatment.

**SCP-7509:** Why should I believe you?

**Dr. Jackson:** I... can't give you a compelling reason. I don't have any proof. Just... please trust me.

**SCP-7509:** Real convincing, doc.

**Dr. Jackson:** They wouldn't even let me talk to you for months! They thought I'd go telling you all their secrets - as if I actually know any worth telling.

*(Approximately six seconds of silence.)*

**SCP-7509:** Okay. Let's say I believe you. Why did you join them?

**Dr. Jackson:** They gave Avery and I a choice when they came to... collect you. Either we could forget ever knowing you and keep our normal jobs, or we could join them and help heal you. What kind of choice is that? I'll never give up on a patient, David, especially not one like you.

**SCP-7509:** One... like me? What do you mean?

**Dr. Jackson:** It's just... on paper, you're one of the most hopeless cases I've ever had to work with. Since birth you've had, according to your medical history, 28 serious infections, not counting the anomalous one you have now. Probably more in your early childhood. Each one had the chance to have killed you. By all projections you're going to die before you're 50. But I've never once seen you give up. I admire your resolve, and everything it's let you accomplish.

**SCP-7509:** Well... thanks.

*(Approximately eight seconds of silence.)*

**SCP-7509:** Guess I'm not gonna be accomplishing much more now, though, huh?

**Dr. Jackson:** That's  part of why they sent me down to talk to you, actually. 

**SCP-7509:** Oh?

**Dr. Jackson:** I know you don't like to be idle. If you'd like, we can get you involved in some citizen science projects on a volunteer basis. Perhaps even some of your old work, by correspondence - though you understand you're not to mention anything of your current situation to anyone outside, and that we'll be screening anything you send out to see if it contains confidential information. It wouldn't be the protesting you're used to, but you could keep helping to change things.

**SCP-7509:** When you say "citizen science," does that include whatever other hocus-pocus you've got in here?

**Dr. Jackson:** ...there were certain proposals along that line, though you're under no obligation.

**SCP-7509:** No. I'll do it. I'm curious to see what else there is in the world. *(pause)* And you're right. I *hate* doing nothing.

Following this interaction, SCP-7509 was granted provisional Level-1 Security Clearance and permitted to assist with much of the "grunt work" at Site-279 (tagging emergent patterns in microscopic photo data of anomalous infections, assisting with replication studies, etc.) with the understanding that its work would regularly be audited by Dr. Melinda Jackson. After two weeks of performing these duties admirably, without complaint, and with seeming loyalty, it was permitted to resume its freelance writing work. In the next month, it wrote several articles for various publications, advocating a strong anti-war stance, gender and racial equality, and conservationist action. (For information security reasons, all messages to and from SCP-7509 were read thoroughly by Dr. Jackson, including the full text of each of these articles.)

**Addendum 7509.4: Neutralization** On 1970-09-06, SCP-7509-A underwent a severe mutation; the malignant growths previously restricted to SCP-7509's respiratory system spread dramatically throughout its body, causing bloating and internal bleeding over the course of 18 hours. Emergency surgery was carried out, but the spread of the infection continued even during the surgery, and SCP-7509 was pronounced dead on 1970-09-07 at 02:46 Foundation Coordinated Time. SCP-7509's remains were transferred to cold storage for future study, and unrelated, non-human ashes were released to its family, who believed SCP-7509 had been transferred to intensive care for a severe form of lung cancer.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Site-279 1970-09-09 Breach Report</summary>

---

### THE BELOW REPORT DETAILS A SERIOUS BREACH OF CONTAINMENT BY ONE OR MORE ANOMALIES

**Date:** 1970-09-09

**Associated Anomalies:** SCP-7509

**Summary:** SCP-7509-A, a fungal disease previously thought to have been neutralized along with its host SCP-7509, was identified within 17 Foundation staff who had been in Site-279's employ. While all 17 were successfully quarantined, the incident revealed that SCP-7509-A was, despite the previous opinion of the Foundation, transmissible.

**Damage Report:** 17 members of Site-279 staff (redacted for brevity, contact the Site-279 Administration Department for a full list of the infected) found to be afflicted with SCP-7509-A. An unknown number of SCP-7509-A hosts likely exist outside of containment, with estimates by the Department of Epidemiology placing the number between 10 and 150. Due to the debilitating, difficult to treat, and lethal symptoms observed in SCP-7509's case, re-containment of those afflicted with SCP-7509-A is currently a Gamma-level priority within the Foundation.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ SCiPNet Selected Archived Messages Batch 1</summary>

---

> **To:** Melinda Jackson

> **From:** Site-279 Administration & Oversight

> **Subject:** SCP-7509 Quarantine Orders

> **Date:** 1970-09-09

> ~~-~~-

> Dr. Melinda Jackson,

> 

> The site-wide sweep for SCP-7509-A infection has completed. You have tested positive for infection. Please remain in your quarters. Containment specialists with protective equipment will arrive within the hour to escort you to a sterilized quarantine chamber. **Do not open your door until these specialists arrive.**

> 

> You are still a full member of Site-279 research staff. Your duties are temporarily suspended while in quarantine. They will be resumed as soon as it is safe to do so. Your work is valued, and you will be treated as a subject under quarantine, not containment.

> 

> Please remain calm. Our medical research staff are investigating treatment for this outbreak as we speak. For now, comply with quarantine and await further instruction.

> **To:** Melinda Jackson

> **From:** Avery Jackson

> **Subject:** PLEASE RESPOND

> **Date:** 1970-09-09

> ~~-~~-

> Melinda,

> 

> I just read the declassified breach report and your name is on the infected list. Are you okay? Where are you? Are they allowing visitors? How bad has it gotten?

> 

> I can't lose you, Melinda. I'll find a way to save this. Just let me know you're still alive.

> **To:** Avery Jackson

> **From:** Melinda Jackson

> **Subject:** Re: PLEASE RESPOND

> **Date:** 1970-09-09

> ~~-~~-

> Avery,

> 

> I'm alright. It hasn't gotten bad yet - remember how David was a couple weeks before I officially brought you in to consult? When we thought it was just a bad flu? That's where I'm at right now. I can't say I'm not worried, but I'm not on death's door.

> 

> They have me in one of the standard quarantine rooms. B18-V6, I think. Not sure if they have visitation set up. You'll have to ask A&O.

> 

> Don't worry. I haven't given up, and you know me - I probably never will. We have the knowledge we gained from David's case, and I'm lucky enough to be a lot healthier than he was, too. We'll beat this. Together.

> **To:** Avery Jackson, Melinda Jackson, *...14 others*

> **From:** Site-279 Director Jessica Alvarez

> **Subject:** SCP-7509 Reassignment

> **Date:** 1970-09-15

> *1 attachment*

> ~~-~~-

> Team,

> 

> Attached find the recent reassignments related to the resumption of SCP-7509 research. Any objections to your team's composition should be sent directly to me; I have personally vetted every member of this team. The sixteen of you are now one of the most important research teams we have on-Site. Remember, your research subject is currently uncontained. Your priorities for research are as follows:

> 

> # **Treatment:** There are no known non-anomalous methods for treatment of SCP-7509 infection, and no anomalous methods which would not exhaust themselves within the month. If we have any hope of containing this, we must be able to fight it.

> # **Testing:** Our current testing methods for SCP-7509 infection are resource-intensive and difficult to implement worldwide. We will need more cost-effective methods of testing in order to properly screen the population, especially if this outbreak is, as we believe, potentially worldwide.

> # **Symptomatology:** Due to the low sample size, the progression of SCP-7509 infection is poorly understood at this time. A greater understanding must be gained in order to assist with screening for infection.

> 

> Research into the infection's exact biological mechanisms and origin are on hold. These elements, though doubtless fascinating, **are to be ignored.** We will investigate them thoroughly once we have SCP-7509 under containment.

> 

> The infection previously designated SCP-7509-A has been granted the SCP-7509 designation itself. David Quinn no longer bears a classification. He is, and always was, a non-anomalous human unfortunate enough to be afflicted with the first case of an anomalous disease. May he rest in peace.

> 

> Finally, I will address the two appointments to this team which will, no doubt, be controversial. Melinda and Avery Jackson are new to the Foundation, having been hired as of four months ago. Despite this, they are both passionate, intelligent, and capable. Furthermore, their firsthand knowledge of the progression of Quinn's infection before his transportation to this Site will no doubt prove invaluable. Some of you are likely also aware that Dr. Melinda Jackson is, herself, infected with SCP-7509. While she is to remain quarantined throughout your research, her mental faculties are intact, and if anything her infection makes her *more* qualified to be on this team. She will be motivated in a way the rest of you cannot be, save possibly Avery. I want to make it clear that the appointment of the Drs. Jackson is not up for debate. You will treat them with the respect you would any other colleague.

> 

> I will do everything I can to support you, within the budgetary limits established for us by regional command. I am currently in the process of petitioning for additional allocation of resources, directly from Overwatch Command. I have faith in you all. Godspeed, team.

> 

> Best of luck,

> 

> *Biological Research & Quarantine Site-279 Director, Dr. Jessica Alvarez*

> **To:** Melinda Jackson

> **From:** Site-279 Health & Pathology

> **Subject:** Quarantine Release

> **Date:** 1971-11-15

> ~~-~~-

> Dr. Jackson,

> 

> After the success you and the rest of the research team have found in treatment of SCP-7509, we are happy to say that your case is no longer infectious. Your quarantine is lifted effective immediately. You will still be required to check in with H&P every month as a precaution against recursion, and your regimen of active carbon pills is to continue indefinitely in accordance with recently proposed Special Containment Procedures for SCP-7509.

> 

> P.S. Congratulations, Doctor. Give Avery my thanks as well! We couldn't have done it without both of you!

> **To:** Avery Jackson

> **From:** Melinda Jackson

> **Subject:** Congratulations!

> **Date:** 1972-07-22

> ~~-~~-

> Congrats, Avery! Or should I say Head Researcher Jackson? I mean, we all knew it was gonna be yours eventually, but still. Anything exciting coming up under your brilliant leadership?

> **To:** Melinda Jackson

> **From:** Avery Jackson

> **Subject:** Re: Congratulations!

> **Date:** 1972-07-22

> ~~-~~-

> It should've been yours. It's your research that's letting us treat this to begin with; I'm just the one who took your brilliance and made a couple natural connections.

> 

> I do have something pretty exciting coming up, but it's classified right now. I can't say too many details (that comes straight from Overwatch Command - like I said, big stuff!) but I think we're going to have 7509 *fully* contained in less than fifteen years if this proposal works out like I hope.

> **To:** Avery Jackson

> **From:** Melinda Jackson

> **Subject:** Re: Re: Congratulations!

> **Date:** 1972-07-22

> ~~-~~-

> Don't be modest, Avery, it doesn't suit you. If you want to fish for compliments, do it the honest way.

> 

> That being said... I can't wait to see it! Sounds like a dream come true if it works out. And with your mind at the helm (and, as you so rightly pointed out, my own unparalleled genius behind the scenes,) I don't see how we could fail.

> 

> Seriously though, Avery. I'm proud of you, I'll always be behind you and your work 100%.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Operation Smokescreen Formal Complaints</summary>

---

> **Filing Date:** 1972-12-02

> **Filed By:** Melinda Jackson

> 

> **Complaint:** Operation Smokescreen is deeply dangerous. Meteorological consensus, summarized most recently by [https:*ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/1972Natur.239...23S/abstract John Sawyer's work] in *Nature// Magazine, suggests that so-called "greenhouse" gases of the exact type that Smokescreen intends to contaminate our atmosphere with will have the net effect of raising global temperature, throwing global meteorological balance into crisis. I am strongly recommending that Smokescreen be discontinued by executive order.

> 

> **Additional Comments:**

> 

> **Action Taken:** None

> 

> **Site Director Comments:** *I appreciate your concern, Melinda, but there's really nothing I can do. Smokescreen has already been vetted by Overwatch. I can't just walk up to them and say "I think you made the wrong call," not without costing both of us our jobs, memories, and possibly lives. -Dir. Jessica Alvarez*

> **Filing Date:** 1975-01-04

> **Filed By:** Melinda Jackson

> 

> **Complaint:** Evidence against Operation Smokescreen continues to mount; recent [computer modelling](https://journals.ametsoc.org/view/journals/atsc/32/1/1520-0469_1975_032_0003_teodtc_2_0_co_2.xml) reveals that continued greenhouse gas emissions might cause warming of up to 2° C. Such severe differences would undoubtedly cause worldwide ecological disasters that would cost thousands of life. This is to say nothing of the unpredictable way that the anomalous might [respond.](scp-5771) In light of this potential crisis situation, Operation Smokescreen must be discontinued immediately.

> 

> **Additional Comments:** *Can we stop stalling now, Jessica? -Dr. Melinda Jackson*

> 

> **Action Taken:** Complaint escalated, added to agenda for next O4 Council Meeting Complaint dismissed by O4 Council vote, 23-64 (4 absent, 9 abstain) 

> 

> **Site Director Comments:** *I'll push it through for you, but I really doubt anything will come of this. If it's weighing on you that heavily, you can always request amnesticization and transfer. I'm not sure what else to tell you. -Dir. Jessica Alvarez*

> **Filing Date:** 1979-12-22

> **Filed By:** Melinda Jackson

> 

> **Complaint:** Operation Smokescreen clearly goes against the [appeal](https://library.wmo.int/index.php?lvl=notice_display&id=6054) given to world powers by the World Climate Conference held in Geneva earlier this year. Is deliberate action to destroy any sense of environmental stability on this Earth "foreseeing and preventing manmade changes in climate that might be adverse to the well-being of humanity?" If the purpose of the Foundation is protecting humanity, then it is essential we instantly dissolve Operation Smokescreen.

> 

> **Additional Comments:** *You can't ignore this any longer, Avery. -Dr. Melinda Jackson*

> 

> **Action Taken:** None

> 

> **Site Director Comments:** *The Foundation is an extragovernmental agency, not a national power, and it was not addressed by the declarations of those gathered at the World Climate Conference. Our duty, as you have so rightly pointed out, is the protection of humanity. Operation Smokescreen is doing just that. I have no doubt that if the Conference had been informed of the same knowledge we have with regards to SCP-7509, they would see we have no other choice. -Dir. Avery Jackson*

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ SCiPNet Selected Archived Messages Batch 2</summary>

---

> **To:** Melinda Jackson

> **From:** Site-279 Complaint Processing System

> **Subject:** Complaint processed

> **Date:** 1979-12-23

> ~~-~~-

> Melinda Jackson,

> 

> Your complaint filed on 1979-12-22 has been processed. Please review the decision of your Site Director. If you believe this decision to be in error, contact regional command or the Foundation Ethics Committee.

> ~~-~~-

> *This message was sent automatically. Do not reply to this message.*

> **To:** Avery Jackson

> **From:** Melinda Jackson

> **Subject:** Fwd: Complaint processed

> **Date:** 1979-12-23

> ~~-~~-

> What is *wrong* with you, Avery? Are you trying to kill people now? Did getting Site Director turn you into some sort of supervillain, or are you actually just that oblivious to the consequences of your own actions?

> 

> What happened to my sibling? The one who just wanted to help people? The one who WASN'T helping a shadow organization slowly poison the entire world?

> **To:** Melinda Jackson

> **From:** Avery Jackson

> **Subject:** Re: Fwd: Complaint processed

> **Date:** 1979-12-23

> ~~-~~-

> For Christ's sake, Melinda, I'm doing this because there's nothing I care about *more* than people's lives! I don't know why you've decided to make me out as the bad guy here, but I know what I'm doing, and what I'm doing is *saving humanity.*

> 

> Think about the numbers! In the seven years since Smokescreen started, we've seen the SCP-7509 infection rate plummet dramatically. Remember back when we were quarantining ten thousand per year? That's how many new cases we've reported in the last *five* years. In the cities with the higher carbon percentages like Shanghai and LA, the infection rate is practically zero.

> 

> If we'd figured this out ten years ago, David Quinn would still be alive. If we'd figured this out ten years ago, you wouldn't need to go into the OR every two months to have mushrooms taken out of your lungs! 

> 

> Why are you fighting me on this? It's what David would have wanted. He died because we were too slow to save him, and now we have the opportunity to save *thousands* of others. If he were still here, I'm sure he'd be behind me.

> 

> I miss you, Melinda. I don't want to be fighting you like this on Christmas. Can we please just put it aside?

> **To:** Avery Jackson

> **From:** Melinda Jackson

> **Subject:** Re: Re: Fwd: Complaint processed

> **Date:** 1979-12-23

> ~~-~~-

> Are you seriously telling me to think about the numbers right now? Fine! Here's some numbers for you!

> 

> [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold_wave_of_1978 Winter 1977.] Coldest winter ever recorded in the Northeastern United States. At its peak, it caused two [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northeastern_United_States_blizzard_of_1978 massive] [blizzards.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Blizzard_of_1978) The two ice storms combined killed over 150 people and injured nearly 10,000.

> 

> [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amoco_Cadiz_oil_spill Brittany, France, March 16th, 1978.] *One* ship. 256 *million// liters of crude oil. 9,000 tons worth of dead oysters. 20,000 dead sea birds. Millions of dead urchins and other bottom feeders. $250,000,000 dollars worth of damages, or $1,600,000,000 if you believe the French courts.

> 

> [Wichita Falls, Texas, April 10th, 1979.](https://climatexas.tamu.edu/products/severe-weather-summaries/1970s-texas-severe-weather.html) The worst tornado in Texas's history. 42 dead, 1,740 injured, and an estimated 20,000 rendered homeless because of property damage totaling $400,000,000.

> 

> [October 19th, 1979.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Typhoon_Tip) Supertyphoon Tip - the largest tropical cyclone recorded to date - makes landfall in southern Japan. Eight fishing ships sunk, rendering 44 fishermen considered lost at sea. 600 mudslides across Japan, flooding 22,000 homes. 42 deaths, 71 missing, 283 injured.

> 

> It's only going to get worse, Avery. Granted, tens of thousands of cases was a lot - but we *were* treating them. We could keep up with it, if only barely. This? Give it two more decades and it'll be out of our hands.

> 

> And don't you *dare* talk to me about what David would have wanted. You barely knew him! You weren't the one who had to read the dozens of letters he sent out to his friends and family, to the people he *knew* he would never see again. You didn't have to scrutinize every word of his hopes and dreams the way that I did. I know what David wanted, and it was for the world to be thriving when he was done with it, not choking on smog or dying in a devastating, off-season flood!

> 

> I'm not ruining your fucking Christmas. You're the one making it too warm to snow.

> **To:** Melinda Jackson

> **From:** Avery Jackson

> **Subject:** Re: Re: Re: Fwd: Complaint processed

> **Date:** 1979-12-24

> ~~-~~-

> Dr. Melinda Jackson,

> 

> I would like to formally apologize for my unprofessional conduct in our communications yesterday. It was no way for a Site Director to behave.

> 

> However, I am also officially reprimanding you for your similarly insulting and unprofessional behavior. This is not the proper method of expressing your frustrations or working through your differences with a supervisor. As I partially goaded you into these actions, you will not be issued a demerit for this offense.

> 

> In your messages you voiced concerns with Operation Smokescreen and the good work we've done to contain SCP-7509. I appreciate you speaking up for your beliefs, and would encourage any member of my staff to do the same. That said, I am officially declaring this topic of discussion closed. Our actions have been vetted by both the O4 and O5 councils, and personally approved by myself in my capacity as Site-279's Director. There are no other authorities which can restrict our actions. It is unanimous across the Foundation's command structure that this is for the greater good.

> 

> Merry Christmas,

> 

> -Director Avery Jackson

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Proposal 7509-SMOKESCREEN-TN01</summary>

---

> **Submission Date:** 1980-01-11

> 

> **Submitted By:** SCP-7509 Senior Researcher Dr. Melinda Jackson

> 

> **Regarding:** SCP-7509, Operation Smokescreen

> 

> **Proposal:** The immediate termination of all activities related to Operation Smokescreen

> 

> **Justification:** Meteorological consensus indicates that the release of "greenhouse gases" like those utilized by Operation Smokescreen into the atmosphere will result in the rising of global average temperatures, disrupting the delicate balance of worldwide climate systems. This will result in unpredictable weather- and ecological-related disasters, which could result in unacceptable loss of human life. Already the results of this unbalancing are beginning to set in; 1977-78 saw the coldest winter ever recorded in the Northeastern United States, and the 1978 tropical storm season saw the most destructive cyclone recorded to date make landfall in Japan. If Operation Smokescreen is allowed to continue, it will have destructive effects significantly outpacing those of SCP-7509 infection.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Ethics Committee Roundtable 7509-SMOKESCREEN-TN01 Minutes</summary>

---

**Ethics Committee Roundtable 7509-SMOKESCREEN-TN01 Minutes**

*1980-01-29*

---

**Opening**

Ethics Committee Roundtable 7509-SMOKESCREEN-TN01 was called to order at 10:00 FCT on 1980-01-29 by Danielle Elliott.

**Present**

[Dr. Danielle Elliott](the-foundation-eats-babies), Facilitator

Dr. Susan Ford, Secretary

[Commander Anton Collins,](difficult-choices) Ethics Committee Member

Dr. Jessica Alvarez, SCP-7509 Expert Consultation

Dr. Vincent Muller, Climatological Expert Consultation

**Approval of Committee**

The selection of committee was presented by Danielle Elliott for approval. Anton Collins raised the concern that Jessica Alvarez's history as Site-279's former Director, as well as her past professional history with Melinda and Avery Jackson, would bias her decisions within the committee. After further discussion, Collins retracted his concern and the committee was unanimously approved.

**Approval of Agenda**

The following agenda was approved unanimously as distributed:

* SCP-7509 Lethality, Spread, & Treatment

* Continued Warming, Best- & Worst-Case Scenarios

* Voting

**SCP-7509 Lethality, Spread, & Treatment**

Alvarez briefed the committee as to the present state of SCP-7509 research. Relevant facts presented included the death and infection figures to-date and virological estimations by researchers at Site-279 as to the rate at which SCP-7509 could spread through a population with and without Smokescreen's protections. Elliott asked about the progress on a simple cure for SCP-7509 infection. Alvarez described difficulties researchers had faced in adapting non-anomalous antifungal drugs to act against SCP-7509, and how the method currently undergoing research at Site-279 involved the attempted replication of the anomaly's atypical nitrogenous biology in order to create a quasi-anomalous treatment. Alvarez suggested that if this methodology were to prove effective, a globally feasible cure could be distributed in as little as two years, or as many as ten; should it prove ineffective, Alvarez believes it is impossible to estimate how long it will be until the SCP-7509 research team develops a workable cure.

**Continued Warming, Best- & Worst-Case Scenarios**

Vincent Muller briefed the committee as to the present state of climatological research. Consensus seems to be that increased emission of greenhouse gasses, as necessary for Operation Smokescreen's continued functioning, would undoubtedly cause some degree of global warming, likely somewhere between 0.5°-3.0° Celsius. While it is difficult to make predictions regarding this scenario, Muller estimated that, in the worst-case scenario, Operation Smokescreen could lead to potentially hundreds of thousands of non-anomalous deaths. Susan Ford suggested the intervention of the Foundation to prevent this warming, as only the presence of carbon-based gases was necessary to contain SCP-7509, and not the resultant change in global climate. However, Muller explained that while there were ways to cause [global cooling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Particulates#Climate_effects) through human intervention, it would be difficult to engineer this effect to perfectly balance with warming trends, and that it would be equally likely to cause similar deaths. Collins suggested the use of anomalous means to combat warming, and Elliott agreed, though she also noted potential difficulties in persuading the Overseer Council of the necessity of this measurement.

**Voting**

Elliott put Proposal 7509-SMOKESCREEN-TN01 to formal vote before the committee. It was unanimously rejected. Elliott subsequently wrote the following opinion summarizing the committee's decision, which was unanimously approved:

**FORMAL OPINON OF THE ETHICS COMMITTEE ON PROPOSAL 7509-SMOKESCREEN-TN01**

It is the opinion of the Ethics Committee that this proposal, which called for the immediate cessation of all activities in relation to Operation Smokescreen, is not necessary, as the ramifications of allowing Operation Smokescreen to continue do not outpace those of allowing SCP-7509 to spread unchecked. The Committee does not deny the threat posed by global climate change, but it believes that SCP-7509 will be cured before the warming incurred by Smokescreen reaches disastrous levels, and that the Foundation has [sufficient resources](scp-6008) to combat the warming should it become necessary to do so. In summary, Operation Smokescreen will be allowed to continue unaltered, though with closer oversight from members of the Committee.

**Adjournment**

Meeting was adjourned at 11:58 FCT by Danielle Elliott.

---

Minutes submitted by: Susan Ford

Approved by: Danielle Elliott

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Transfer Request Form 2348-BN</summary>

---

> *Print all responses clearly and legibly. Leave bolded sections blank; they will be completed by administrative staff upon receipt of this form.*

> 

> **Reference Number:** 2348-BN

> **Status:** Approved

> 

> Person Requesting Transfer: Dr. Melinda Jackson

> Former Position: Site-279 Senior Research Staff

> Requested Position (leave blank for no preference):

> **Granted Position:** Provisional Site-473 A small research and containment site established for the purpose of monitoring an anomalous disease affecting solely citizens of Ames, Iowa.  Research Staff

> 

> Reason for Transfer (select only one):

> * [ @@ @@] Personal Safety

> * [ @@ @@] Safety of Others

> * [ @@ @@] Change in Physical/Mental Health

> * [ @@ @@] Scientific Curiosity in Anomaly Outside Current Position

> * [ @@ @@] Working Vacation/Temporary Transfer to Less Taxing Position

> * [ @@ @@] Toxic/Hostile Work Environment

> * [ @@ @@] Primary Project Reclassified as Explained or Neutralized

> * [✓] Other (specify): Moral objection to primary containment procedures of SCP-7509 impeding ability to conduct operations without guilt

> 

> Requesting Amnesticization: [✓] Yes [ @@ @@] No

> **Granted Amnesticization: [**✓**] Yes [ @@ @@] No**

> 

> **Changes to Security Clearance:** SCP-7509 clearance reduced from Level 4 to Level 2; granted Provisional Site-473 standard Level 3 clearance

> **Effective Date of Transfer:** 1980-05-22

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ SCiPNet Selected Archived Messages Batch 3</summary>

---

> **To:** Avery Jackson

> **From:** Melinda Jackson

> **Subject:** Upcoming Transfer

> **Date:** 1980-03-27

> ~~-~~-

> Hey, Avery. You've been amnesticized before, right? What does it feel like?

> **To:** Melinda Jackson

> **From:** Avery Jackson

> **Subject:** Re: Upcoming Transfer

> **Date:** 1980-03-27

> ~~-~~-

> Are you serious? *That's* how you're starting this conversation, after months of not speaking to me? After cursing at me and accusing me of letting people die for no reason? Are you planning to admit any fault?

> **To:** Avery Jackson

> **From:** Melinda Jackson

> **Subject:** Re: Re: Upcoming Transfer

> **Date:** 1980-03-27

> ~~-~~-

> Yeah, I... deserved that.

> 

> I don't know if you can forgive me, Avery. I just reread our conversation from last Christmas and... I don't know why I was like that. I'm sorry.

> 

> I think I was mad at myself more than anything. Seeing my research used to ruin the world - or at least it felt like that at the time - broke me, and I just... had to take it out on someone. Not an excuse, just an explanation. I figured you were owed one.

> 

> I'm sure you've seen the paperwork, but I'm leaving the Site. Maybe I was wrong about your plan. I honestly don't know anymore. What I do know is that I can't keep working on it with you. Maybe it's just... better if I don't know. But I didn't want to transfer without trying to patch things up between us.

> 

> Just... please promise me one thing, okay? Keep an eye on Smokescreen for me. I know you think it's for the best, and I... after reading Ethics's opinion, I might be starting to agree. But I don't want you to lose sight of what you're sacrificing in order to keep this under control. It's a tradeoff, and I want it to be a conscious one. I'll feel better knowing you care.

> 

> ...even though I won't remember it. Augh, I'm bad at this.

> 

> -Melinda Jackson

> **To:** Melinda Jackson

> **From:** Avery Jackson

> **Subject:** Re: Re: Re: Upcoming Transfer

> **Date:** 1980-03-27

> 

> Melinda,

> 

> I forgive you.

> 

> Yes, you were annoyingly obstinate about it. But hey, it's that stubbornness that got you here. And I always got where you were coming from, I just... sort of shut down instead of saying that because... I don't know. I'm just as stubborn? It felt like I had to defend my idea or something stupid like that. I should have trusted you more, as one of my staff and as a sibling.

> 

> And I promise, I won't let Smokescreen get out of hand. I've been watching the climate research a lot more since you brought it up. It's... scary, but I still think it's worth it. I hope you understand. But as soon as we have this cured, we're cutting it off. And if it ever gets to be more dangerous than 7509 itself, I'll put the motion to retire it before O4 immediately. You have my word.

> 

> About your transfer... well, I honestly have no idea what amnesticization feels like. I don't remember it, remember? Kind of the point. But look on the bright side - if it hurts, you won't remember that, either.

> 

> I heard they're moving you to 473. Iowa's not that far away! Take off for the holidays, okay? I know I'm gonna miss you. And... we need to make up for last year's Christmas.

> 

> -Avery Jackson

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ SCiPNet Selected Archived Messages Batch 4</summary>

---

> **To:** Avery Jackson

> **From:** Provisional Site-473 Command

> **Subject:**  Death Report for Dr. Melinda Jackson

> **Date:** 1993-06-21

> ~~-~~-

> Dear Dr. Jackson,

> 

> This notice is being sent to inform you of the death of a family member of yours within the Foundation, Dr. Melinda Jackson. Dr. Jackson was stationed at Provisional Site-473 when a [severe flood](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Flood_of_1993) damaged large portions of the Site, and caused the deaths of three researchers, including Dr. Jackson herself. Due to the unusually severe and sudden nature of this event, potential anomalous causes are being investigated, but none have been identified thus far.

> 

> Our deepest sympathies go out to you as you struggle with this trying news. Should you wish to take time off of your work to grieve, please contact your regional command. 

> 

> Foundation records indicate that you are Dr. Melinda Jackson's next of kin. As soon as you are of sound mind to do so, please contact Provisional Site-473 to discuss plans for her remains and estate.

> 

> With condolences,

> 

> -Provisional Site-473 Command

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Avery Jackson Psychological Evaluation</summary>

---

#### THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENT CONTAINS SENSITIVE INFORMATION ABOUT THE PERSONAL HEALTH OF A HUMAN, HUMANOID, OR SAPIENT ENTITY

*By order of the Ethics Committee, unnecessary access of this information is grounds for reprisal. You have been warned.*

---

##### **PSYCHOLOGICAL EVALUATION OF DIRECTOR AVERY JACKSON**

Conducted by Dr. Livana Karras, Site-279 Psychologist on July 31st, 1993

**Referral Reasoning:** Director Jackson was scheduled for evaluation by order of Regional Command after erratic behavior and unexplainable actions within the last several weeks. Within this timespan, Director Jackson had attempted three times to end Operation Smokescreen by executive fiat (vetoed by Regional command each time) and had escalated it to a vote of the O4 Council an additional two (denied both times by a substantial portion of the vote.) Before these odd actions, they had been one of the fiercest advocates of Operation Smokescreen, having been its original drafter more than twenty years earlier, and overseen it largely without interruption throughout that period. 

Site-279 staff had also reported several unrelated incidents surrounding Director Jackson within this timeframe. They had been reported as generally less enthusiastic in their work, as well as uncharacteristically prone to isolating themself. When questioned about it directly, staff also reported that Director Jackson had begun reacting confrontationally to questions or concerns, including raising their voice and swearing at Foundation members who brought up the topic of Operation Smokescreen, the destruction of Provisional Site-473, or Director Jackson's sister Dr. Melinda Jackson.

Director Jackson was screened for anomalous influence, their background reviewed for potential connection to Groups of Interest, and had their identity verified through three separate biometrics as well as both of their Foundation-issued security passphrases. When these measures failed to explain the reasoning behind their odd actions, Regional Command referred them for psychological testing.

**Background:** The most significant event in Director Jackson's recent history is the sudden death of their sister Dr. Melinda Jackson in the destruction of Provisional Site-473, just over a month prior. Doubtless this event must have had a significant impact on Director Jackson, especially as testimony from Site-279's staff reveals a complicated relationship between the Jackson siblings.

No other extenuating circumstances could be identified which might have influenced the patient's mental state were identified. Director Jackson has faced no substantial changes in their work-related responsibilities since their tenure as Site Director began nearly fifteen years ago. Additionally, while they had a strong working relationship with the majority of their staff they were found to not have had any strong connections with anyone outside of Melinda Jackson.

**Observations:** During our interview, I found Director Jackson cooperative, though seemingly frustrated with the repeated suspicion around their identity and motivations. This reaction was judged to be within baseline and not questioned further.

Director Jackson willingly admitted substantial grief for their sister, and appeared to also express feelings of direct guilt for both her death and the destruction of Provisional Site-473. Director Jackson was unable to provide an explanation for the source of this guilt. It is not believed at this time that they had any direct connection to the destruction of Provisional Site-473, the cause for which was an off-season flood eventually decided to have been devastating but non-anomalous.

When questioned directly about their reasons for attempting to end Operation Smokescreen, the patient cited the same reasoning they had brought before the O4 Council, that of unacceptable risk to human life and society. Examiner could not question further about this issue due to information security reasons and the classified nature of Operation Smokescreen.

**Evaluation:** I speculate that Director Jackson's actions are motivated largely by referred guilt from the death of their sister. Having approved her transfer to Provisional Site-473, it is possible that they consider themself partially or wholly "at fault" for the circumstances leading up to her death. This issue was exacerbated by the patient's unhealthy mourning behaviors, as Foundation records do not indicate the Director having gone on leave in the wake of their sister's death. 

It is my formal recommendation that Director Avery Jackson be removed from their responsibilities and allowed the time necessary to process their grief, as well as provided with regular counseling. Due to Director Jackson's current fixation on Operation Smokescreen, it is likely that in order for this measure to be fully effective they would have to also be stripped of their authority. For that reason, I am referring this decision to the O4 Council.

---

##### PROPOSAL

The removal of Site-279 Director Avery Jackson from the position, their subsequent transfer to either a low-responsibility position as Class C staff or a mandated vacation, and their replacement by an interim director chosen by the appropriate regional authorities.

##### THIS PROPOSAL WAS APPROVED BY THE O4 COUNCIL 67-29-4 (AYE-NAY-ABSTAIN) ON 1993-08-12.

</details>

---

*This message was sent automatically. Do not reply to this message.*

---

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7508](SCP-7508) | SCP-7509 | [SCP-7510](SCP-7510) >>
