:root{

    --header-title: "Site-47 History Dept.";

    --header-subtitle: "Remember the Past, Reach the Future";

    --lgurl: url(https://i.imgur.com/Y6UMVXu.png%22);

    --titleColor: hsla(211, 100%, 43%, 1);

    --subtitleColor: hsla(211, 100%, 43%, 1);

    --accentColor: hsla(211, 100%, 43%, 1);

    --accentColorLite: hsla(0, 100%, 60%, 0.5);

    --hue: rgba(0, 255, 255);

}

.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

 by [Blue Foot](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/blue-foot) 

 25 

---

**Assigned Site**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-47

Dr. Langlan

N/A

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the nature of SCP-7305, attempts at its containment are highly impractical, and, as such, no attempt should be made to contain it. Public knowledge of SCP-7305 is to be restricted by all reasonable means.

**Description:** SCP-7305 is an object that possesses both physically and temporallyTemporal anomalies possess properties that cause them to not properly follow the laws of time. anomalous properties. Due to its nature, the exact qualities of its corporeal form are unknown, but observations have shown it to be approximately five meters long, and it is permanently surrounded by bright light that entirely obscures its form. Similarly bright light also briefly trails the entity, although it quickly dims before disappearing as SCP-7305 is propelled forward.

The behavior of SCP-7305 has been consistently similar on all occasions it has been observed. As the object moves, it travels through the air at approximately 2750 km/h. Although its course of travel varies, SCP-7305 has always been observed to travel in a generally southwesterly direction, and its recorded height has always been between 2,000 and 10,000 meters. It appears that nothing can inhibit SCP-7305's movement. 

Due to its high speed and the nature of its temporally anomalous properties, interception and tracking of SCP-7305 is difficult. The only practical method of observing SCP-7305 for a long period of time is to accompany it via jet aircraft, but the longest time it has ever been accompanied is five hours due to the nature of the Kakudmi Cycle.

A Kakudmi ShiftThe Kakudmi Shift is named for a story in Hindu mythology, in which King Raivata Kakudmi travels to meet Brahma, the creator of the world. When he returns home, 108 yugas have passed on Earth. It is commonly thought that a yuga represents 4,320,000 years. is the title given to SCP-7305's temporal anomaly. At seemingly random intervals, SCP-7305 will undergo a Kakudmi Shift, causing the object to become extremely bright. After seven seconds, the object will emit a large burst of light, and it will demanifest. SCP-7305 will then manifest at another point in time and resume its typical behavior. All other details of SCP-7305's behavior, such as if the Kakudmi Shift causes SCP-7305 to be capable of teleportation, or if SCP-7305 is capable of manifestation at future times that have not yet occurred, are unknown.

**Addendum.7305.1:** The following is a log of notable suspected or confirmed recordings of SCP-7305. It is notable that this log solely includes notable examples from a complete listThe full list is available upon request for all individuals possessing Level Four clearance or higher at Site-47's Historical Preservation Division. of all known records of SCP-7305, and that not all log entries have been recorded by the Foundation.

**Entry ID:** 7305.07

**Certainty:** Very High

**Significance:** First text that is considered to be, beyond a reasonable doubt, a record of SCP-7305.

**Date:** 89-90 A.D.

**Description:** An excerpt from *Wonders of the Jews*,*Wonders of the Jews* is a book by Flavius Josephus that discusses what would now be understood as anomalous, or seeming anomalous, objects, people, and phenomena located in the Near East, North Africa, and Southern Europe. The book is written with a focus on the Levant within the period 1500 B.C.-70 A.D., and the author writes his work through a Jewish religious worldview. With the author largely rejected by the Jews and the work considered blasphemous by the Romans, it enjoyed little popularity at the time of publication. Reproduction of the book appears to have ceased in approximately 800 A.D., although a few remaining copies remain in the possession of the Foundation. Notable contents in the work include detailed descriptions of the Exodus, accounts of powerful, cultic reality benders belonging to the Canaanite religion of the 8th-6th centuries B.C. and the most detailed known extrabiblical account of the life of Jesus Christ. a book by Roman-Jewish historian Flavius Josephus. The excerpt is located in a section of the text that describes, at the time, widely known events and phenomena that were seen as having religious significance by multiple cultures in the Near East from 587 B.C.-70 A.D. The relevant text, translated into English, is provided below.

> Of greater note than that of what has been discussed is the Great Star, a sign seen in Israel since the judgesScholarly dating of the Israelite Judges period vary, but the timing suggested in this text could be as early as 1400 B.C. ruled. It has been said by those of all nations that some are fortunate to see the Star, even those most pious among us.That is, the Jews. It has been said both by the mouth of divine prophet and that which I have read that a great star can be seen on occasion to fly across the night sky at speeds quicker than a falcon, or even the wind itself. Few even add that it has been known to disappear in great bursts of light, brighter than the sun, yet in the dead of night. The men of our nation have been known to take the Star as a finger of the hand of Yahweh,"Yahweh" is the modern vocalization of the Tetragrammaton, YHWH, the ancient Hebrew name of God. though none say worship of it can be done in good piety. I have read, however, that the men of Tyre in the days of David saw the Great Star as a sign of Molech, that is, a time for sacrifice, and the worthless among us began to do likewise after the time of Queen Athaliah. I myself had the pleasure to engage with a man of Gaul, sent from Rome, on this subject, and his testimony was quite different. The elders of his people viewed the Star as a sign of bad tidings and ill will, though he believed such effects were not seen in such that way when the people behaved with good moral conduct.

 

**Management:** *Wonders of the Jews* is considered by experts to be a lost work outside of the Foundation. However, public knowledge of the work is to be obscured when it is deemed appropriate. The three remaining copies of the book are currently stored by the Site-47 Historical Preservation Division within the site's greater History Department.

**Entry ID:** 7305.82

**Certainty:** Very High

**Significance:** Confirmation that SCP-7305 is a single anomaly.

**Date:** 7/25/1997

**Description:** SCP-7305 was detected approximately 9950 meters above Foundation Airborne Reading Station 9b88-47, located near Goose Green, Falkland Islands. The object underwent a Kakudmi Shift at 17:23. Readings indicated that SCP-7305's demanifestation was consistent with a temporal anomaly. This provided credibility to the then minority, now consensus, theory that SCP-7305 is one object and not many, similar objects seen at different times.

**Management:** Due to the time of day, the bright light emitted during the Kakudmi Shift was not noticeably brighter than the sky illuminated by the sun, suggesting that no civilian witnessed the event. To the knowledge of the Foundation, there is no evidence that this is not the case. The relevant data was processed and stored in Site-47's Storage Database.

**Entry ID:** 7305.73

**Certainty:** Very High

**Significance:** The first and only known footage captured of SCP-7305.

**Date:** 11/06/1980

**Description:** A video filmed via infrared imagery from an American military F-16 fighter jet approximately 13,750 meters above the Gulf of Guinea as part of a standard training exercise. According to the aircraft's instruments, SCP-7305 was located approximately 9175 meters above sea level. Due to the nature of the infrared camera technology of the time and the poor quality of the footage, SCP-7305 appears significantly less bright than it is in actuality, and its trailing light effect is not visible at all. 

Soon after the conclusion of this footage, SCP-7305 exited the effective range of the aircraft's infrared camera and soon was no longer in the pilot's line of sight. Therefore, it is not known when SCP-7305 during this particular manifestation underwent a Kakudmi Shift. The footage is provided below. 

**Note: Please be aware of the extremely high volume of the footage. Due to current limitations in Foundation digital storage, it is impossible to lower the volume of the file beyond individual use of the volume slider and lowering your device's volume. It is highly recommended that the volume be considerably adjusted prior to viewing, especially for those sensitive to loud audio.**

<video style="width:100%;height:100%" controls>

<source src="http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/blue-foot-s-next-sandbox/gofast.mp4" type="video/mp4">

</video>

**Management:** The footage was relinquished to the Foundation by the United States government soon after the event, and all individuals who had unauthorized knowledge of the footage were amnesticized. On 17/07/2002, the footage was uploaded to the Foundation Database as part of the Millennium Initiative.The Millennium Initiative is an ongoing Foundation program. Beginning in 2000, it works to improve the Foundation's technological abilities by increasing reliance on digital storage, improving current containment procedures via the use of modern technology, etc. 

On 03/03/2015, eight terabytes of Foundation data were stolen in a cyberattack that both the Serpent's Hand and the Chaos Insurgency have claimed responsibility for. The footage, stolen as part of this cyberattack, was released onto the internet, and it became of particular interest for civilian extraterrestrial conspiracy theorists. As part of a joint agreement between the United States government and the Foundation, the footage was released along with two doctored videos to the public in 2017 in order to ensure the security of the Veil and to quell unrest, although SCP-7305 was not identified as the object in the videos.

---

<details>
<summary>PLEASE INPUT 4/7305 CLEARANCE TO VIEW THIS CONTENT</summary>

---

**Security Clearance Adequate: Access Authorized**

---

**Entry ID:** 7305.04

**Certainty:** High

**Significance:** First recorded instance of SCP-7305 behaving in an atypical manner.

**Date:** 841-835 B.C.

**Description:** An excerpt from a scroll describing border disputes between Judah, Israel, and Edom, discovered in a home ten kilometers northwest of Jerusalem, Israel on 24/04/1928. It appears to be an official document of the court of the Judahite monarchy. The specific dating of the work is made possible due to the reference of Athaliah as the queen of Judah at the time, as she reigned from 841 to 835 B.C. The excerpt, translated from ancient Hebrew, is provided below.

> In the month of Tammuz,Month of the Jewish calendar that, represented by the Gregorian calendar, includes days in June and July. the great hosts of Edom and Judah drew up battle lines in the deserts of the Negev, near the city of Hormah. The king [of Edom] had brought up great quantities of men and chariots, 40,000 foot soldiers and 10,000 horses, while the queen [of Judah] responded in like with men beyond counting from all corners of the kingdom. 

> 

> On that day, the scorching sun beat on the backs of each nation. The men of Israel were seen to deprive the horses and beasts of burden of their troughs, and even the tent of the queen ran dry of water and wine. At the ninth hour of the day,Three P.M. the line was straightened, each man to his post. I, Nahash, the seerA court seer would've provided the reigning monarch at the time with counsel on spiritual, mystic, and prophetic matters. of the queen began to invoke a blessing of Baal,Honorific title for several Semitic gods, though, most commonly referring to a Canaanite and Phoenician storm and fertility god. though no man listened, for thirst had closed their ears.

> 

> At that time, a wandering star was seen to travel through the sky as though carried by a great wind. At the sight, many men of Judah, and no small number of the Edomites, called upon his god for water and the abatement of the heat. However, a strong wind was blown as the star passed, and the desert heat was carried with it. The suffering of the men was by no means relieved as the star suddenly escaped their sight.

**Management:** As the relevant scroll was acquired by the Foundation before any civilian scholarly review could be conducted, no management beyond storage at the Site-47's Historical Preservation Division is necessary.

**Entry ID:** 7305.03

**Certainty:** Moderate

**Significance:** First recorded mention of SCP-7305 in a religious context.

**Date:** 850-750 B.C.

**Description:** An inscription discovered at the archeological excavation site of the former Moabite city of Dibon (now Dhiban, Jordan) discovered on 11/19/1971. The writing is carved into a small basalt plate, and it appears to be written as a proverb or other piece of wisdom literature. The relevant text, translated into English, is provided below. 

> A watch from Kamōš,Better known as Chemosh, Kamōš was the supreme deity of the Moabite state and people. his watchman the wandering star looks out from the tower.

> 

> Delights come to the well mannered which they see, rain on the fields for the righteous, sweet honey for the temperate.

> 

> But the bugs and pests of Kamōš drink the blood of the impious he views, the star disappears to heaven with power to call upon locusts.

**Management:** The inscription entered Foundation possession on 11/25/1971. It is currently stored in Site-47's Historical Preservation Division.

**Entry ID:** 7305.05

**Certainty:** High

**Significance:** First description of SCP-7305 affecting an individual person.

**Date:** 841 B.C.

**Description:** An excerpt from a scroll discovered in a home ten kilometers northwest of Jerusalem, Israel discovered on 24/04/1928. It is written as a personal account of the 841 B.C. massacre of the members of the Omri Dynasty by Athaliah as part of a coup d'état. The work is written from the point of view of a court official of the Judahite monarchy. The relevant text, translated from Ancient Hebrew, is provided below.

> As the sun waned and the day drew near to its close, the queen stood upon the great balcony of the palace of David and looked upon the city of David.Descriptor of either Jerusalem as a whole or, specifically, the northern old city of Jerusalem thought to have been what the city entirely consisted of when occupied by the second king of Israel, David. The great assembly of her house accompanied her in viewing and discussion, while eunuchs swept out the blood of the sons and daughters of AhaziahAthaliah was queen mother in the court of Ahaziah, being his mother. through the crowd, off of the elevated balcony, and onto the street below. 

> 

> As the conversing had gone on for no short time, a wandering star was seen to cross the night sky as a great eagle, though so engrossed in each other few of the people took note. I, Nahash, was one of the first to view it. The queen had just begun to discuss an altar to Baal in the House of Yahweh when she turned to look into the sky, and, behold, the star was crossing the heavens as before. Enchanted by the sight, she gathered many in a viewing, and all were awed by what this might mean. Many had said it was a sign from their god.

> 

> No sooner had the queen agreed on that conclusion, the star shimmered and disappeared in a great burst of light. Although all agreed on it to be brilliant, the queen was particularly struck, as she fell to the ground and claimed to have been blinded by the sight. This event was thought to be due to the drunkenness and revelry of the festivities of the time, but it eventually appeared serious, and the queen was brought before the physicians, though nothing could be done. Only on the seventh day after the time of the star did the queen begin to regain her sight.

**Management:** As the relevant scroll was acquired by the Foundation before any civilian scholarly review could be conducted, no management beyond storage at Site-47's Historical Preservation Division is necessary.

**Entry ID:** 7305.90

**Certainty:** Very High

**Significance:** First instance of death directly and indisputably correlated to SCP-7305.

**Date:** 05/29/2003

**Description:** An incident involving SCP-7305 and the Global Occult Coalition. At the time, the Global Occult Coalition was challenging the Foundation's non-interventionist containment policy of SCP-7305, as the Coalition saw the continued uncontained existence of SCP-7305 as both a threat to the Veil and air traffic. In an attempt to force more meaningful negotiations, the Coalition fired on SCP-7305 with several surface-to-air missiles from GOC Operational Base 92 northeast of Nagoya, Japan. It is unknown if the object was struck by the missiles, as it appeared unaffected, and the missiles were last seen shortly after firing.

At the same time, Operational Base 92 began to receive unintelligible, often static radio signals for several hours. After seven hours and 17 minutes, the site received an intelligible written message in Hebrew, before no more radio signals were received. The message, translated into English, is transcribed below.

> TAKEN INTO EVIDENCE

On 05/29/2003, leaders and administrators of Operational Base 92 boarded a commercial aircraft,It is the standard policy of the GOC to use commercial aircraft when traveling to maintain secrecy. which took off in order to transport the passengers to an Asia-wide Coalition conference on policy and budgeting in Astana, Kazakhstan. As the aircraft was over western Mongolia, SCP-7305 manifested above it, and released a strong burst of energy that has been most closely identified as an electromagnetic pulse. SCP-7305 then underwent a Kakudmi Shift and demanifested.

As a result of the electromagnetic pulse, the pilots largely lost control of the aircraft, and several systems, including the engines, were severely impaired. The aircraft crashed approximately ten minutes later. The wreckage has never been located.

**Management:** The Coalition has accepted the current methods of Foundation containment of SCP-7305.

**Entry ID:** 7305.97

**Certainty:** PendingAlthough initial review has deemed the document to possibly have no reference to SCP-7305, the document's relation to Document 7305.06 has caused experts to recommend selecting Document 7305.97 for further review.

**Significance:** Most recent record of SCP-7305.

**Date:** 835 B.C.

**Description:** A scroll discovered in an archaeological excavation of a home ten kilometers northeast of Jerusalem, Israel. It was discovered on 11/11/2023 by Foundation archaeologists. The location has contained several different writings that reference SCP-7305, although the scroll in question was buried nearly a meter below the home. The contents of the manuscript appear to recount the events of a single night, and it was written by an official of the Judahite monarchy as a personal account. Due to the recent nature of the discovery, Foundation experts have not yet had the opportunity to officially determine exactly where in the text SCP-7305 is mentioned. Therefore, until experts have determined this, the entirety of the manuscript, translated into English, has been provided in full below:

> The testimony of Nahash, the son of Hoshama, the seer of Athaliah, the queen of Judah.

> 

> In the sixth year of Athaliah, queen of Judah, I was asleep in the servant's quarters of the queen's house at around the eighth hour of the night. 2 A.M. In an instant, a great burst of light illuminated the quarters as if it was day, and I, among several of the members of the court, was awakened. Many saw the light, though others thought a strange noise had awoken us.

> 

> I then heard the sound of footsteps, as if made by seven men, echoing from the stairwell of the house up into the servant's quarters. The queen had ordered the purge of some prominent men of the court not long before, so many of the servants at that time feared that their death had been ordered. Sweat and weeping embraced some in the quarters until two of the queen's guard burst into the room, and all fell silent.

> 

> "The queen has called for Nahash the seer to consult her immediately." They said, and I was sorely afraid. However, I was of no standing to argue, and I went with them in haste.

> 

> My escort moved with great strides, as the matter was clearly urgent. Guided by candlelight, we moved in the dead of night, and, combining with the early rainsA period of increased precipitation in the Palestine region from October until December. that fell in great sheets upon the walls of the queen's house, the atmosphere built on the terror of the circumstance that wore greatly upon my spirit. I was reminded of my woes as I passed by a puddle near the queen's kitchen created by a leak in the roof. A servant of the queen had been idle in the matter of repairing it a few weeks before, and he had left his visit to her chambers minus one finger. Had I likewise angered the queen?

> 

> At last, behold, we arrived at the sleeping chambers of the queen. One guard, first knocking, unlocked the great cedar door with the key strung upon his neck and gave it a strong push as to swing it open, and the two then took their places at either side of the chamber door. By no means were they to see the queen with me.

> 

> Stepping inside, I discovered only a single candlelight in the room, as the rest was black as pitch. I supposed it to be the queen, as I saw a quarter of a face illuminated by the dim glow, yet I saw nothing more. She appeared to have pulled a chair near to the open balcony of the chamber, the doors to the balcony of the queen's room left wide open. It seemed that she had chosen to view the falling rain for a time, as she was not faced towards the night sky. The thought occurred to me that the beautiful furniture and finery of the sleeping chamber may be damaged, especially the great gold-lined dresser placed nearest to the rainwaters that had certainly flowed inside. I was, however, greatly relieved, as this did not seem to be a meeting sparked by fury.

> 

> "O queen, your servant has arrived." I began. She did not turn away from the rain.

> 

> "Yes, Nahash, please, pull a seat from the sitting area. Let us watch the storm together." She replied in a most reserved tone. She never called me by name. Though once again put at unease, I was by no means in the right mind for disobedience, and I did as was requested. The queen still did not turn to the right or to the left from the falling waters, though, finally sitting near, I saw that she had remained dressed in her sleeping gown.

> 

> "Oh, my lady, I will step out for a-" I began, though I was interrupted.

> 

> "Silence, my servant. I have greater issues this night than immodesty." I was unsure on whether or not to feel troubled, as a man guilty of unapproved immodesty in the sight of the queen would've been better off having not been born. I began again:

> 

> "Please, tell me of them, and I shall have an oracle to end your woes." At this word, she finally turned towards me.

> 

> "For your sake and mine, I pray so. For this very night, I had a dream. Waking up I was greatly troubled, and every detail has stayed with me. For, behold, I have spent the hours since midnight as an insomniac, rolling over in bed, and the early rains have been my only comfort. I have now called you into this chamber, for a lousy comfort they have been!"

> 

> "O queen, tell me what you have seen, and Baal along with all the host of heaven shall speak through me." At my final word, she began:

> 

> "Very well. I was sitting in court upon the great throne of Judah, and, behold, I was the queen of thieves. A host of servants of the court were my attendants, and people of the kingdom came before me. I was deciding their cases as I saw fit. Always, the loser in the issue wept and screamed as if a child who had lost their toy, and they disappeared from my sight."

> 

> Continuing her discourse, the queen said: "Once a case was decided, precious stones were placed upon a scaffold above my throne. Ruby, citrine, rose quartz, pearl, and yellow sapphire, a piece of each was put above me by a servant. These stones had been taken from the ends of the Earth. At once, a new case arose. In all, 24 sets of these stones were placed by my servants."

> 

> Finishing her words, the queen said "Once the final set of gems was placed above my throne, the scaffold collapsed, and the weight of much stone fell upon me. I was left unable to decide the 25th case, and was killed. I awoke with sweat. I have been in anguish for much time, so please, Nahash my servant, bring a word from the gods as to what this matter means." Once my listening was concluded, I took a moment to gather myself and the words of heaven. I then began to interpret:

> 

> "O queen, live forever, and blessings be upon you! Behold, this dream has brought good tidings of great joy. For I now bring this word to you: you are the queen, and your authority is respected across the four winds of heaven. You judge as the finest lawyer, and all cases have been, are, and will be decided righteously upon your throne. Great riches fall upon you like the rains upon the castle tonight, precious stones collected all across the Earth, from the people of Judah to from the ships of Tarshish,Ancient city in modern day Spain, though goods coming from Tarshish may be an ancient Hebrew expression used to describe exotic goods. and no kings of the nations shall partake in them. Due to all these things, your reign shall continue in prosperity for 24 years."

> 

> The queen waited much time to consider the word. Her expression remained unchanged as she weighed the oracle in her mind. As our gazes remained firmly at each other, it seemed by every second we seemed to become a lesser distance apart. The room bloomed with further tension. Had the queen doubted the word?

> 

> "So it is good?" She finally asked. I answered without hesitation:

> 

> "Yes, O queen." My response garnered the same response as before. Her gaze was as a dagger for seeming minutes, then, mercifully, she clicked her lips before blowing out the candle with a breath.

> 

> "Very well, my servant. You are dismissed. Please, I pray you, enjoy a more peaceful night than mine. I will retire to bed as well."

> 

> "I pray for your sleep as well. Good night." 

> 

> By no means did I have any desire to remain with the queen. After returning my chair to the proper place, I exited with as much haste as to not arouse questions. With my foot in the doorway of the chamber, I heard the queen a final time.

> 

> "Tell me, why did those who lost their cases weep and shout as they did?" I froze upon the inquiry. It took a moment to consider the question, and I stammered through my answer with  less grace than a drunkard.

> 

> "In a case of law, there is one who wins, and one who loses. No man should, say, be happy to lose, but it by no means makes the ruling unjust." My response prompted a yawn and a click of the tongue from the queen.

> 

> "I see." 

> 

>  With that word, I was free of the chamber. Neither guard was interested in leaving his post at the door to escort me, therefore I was left to stumble through the dark back to the servant's quarters. I was left much time to consider and worry what the night might mean.

**Management:** As the relevant scroll was acquired by the Foundation before any civilian scholarly review could be conducted, no management beyond storage at the Site-47's Historical Preservation Division is necessary.

**Entry ID:** 7305.06

**Certainty:** Very High

**Significance:** The only document referencing SCP-7305 that also contains a reference to another document that references SCP-7305.

**Date:** 835 B.C.

**Description:** A scroll discovered in a home ten kilometers northwest of Jerusalem, Israel discovered on 24/04/1928. The document claims to be a personal account of Athaliah, queen of Judah. Foundation experts have determined the document to nearly certainly be related to Document 7305.97. The document, translated from Ancient Hebrew, has been transcribed below.

> The words of Athaliah, Queen of Judah:

> 

> This night, I found myself tossing and rolling over in the royal bed for lack of sleep. As the rain pounded upon the palatial house, so anxieties and anguish crushed my heart, for a troubling dream had visited me by night. The seer of Baal had come to provide me a word, but I found no solace in it, though the oracle was one of good tidings and great joy. Countless times I rolled one way and the other, but, behold, a great wonder visited me as I lay upon my back.

> 

> "Athaliah, queen of Judah, have you found rest?" A great booming voice inquired from in front of me! Opening my eyes from slumber, behold, I saw a mighty angel, a messenger from God and the gods. He was as a man of glorious light, shining like the sun at noonday. I attempted to speak, though he stood upon my lungs, and though I felt no weight, words fled me.

> 

> "Why do you leave me without a response? Perhaps I have visited the wrong woman, or, behold, you respond only to the name Jezebel?"Jezebel was a contemporary of Athaliah. An influential woman in the Kingdom of Israel, she served both as queen and queen mother under several different rulers. According to the biblical narrative, Jezebel took part in instituting the worship of several pagan gods in Israel and was personally responsible for several murders, paralleling the biblical account of Athaliah. As he spoke, the angel leaned forward towards me, resting his formless, flaming face just before mine. Though he asked for a response, the weight of the divine upon me ensured I could still not speak. The being continued. 

> 

> "It matters not, for only a fool fills the air with meaningless words. Hear the word of Yahweh, and not the commands of your mouth. Though Nahash the seer has given you a pleasant word, behold, only calamity has been appointed for you! The lies of his oracle have been counted against him, but much worse on the day of judgment will be your murders, your idolatry, your thefts, and all the evil Judah has been led into on your account." The word was not a surprise, as the oracle of Nahash that night was of great suspicion, but I had never thought it necessary for a prophet of Baal to resort to falsehoods in the stead of reporting the will of his god.

> 

> "Hear the true meaning of this dream," the angel spoke, yet with no mouth nor tongue. 

> 

> "The stones which you received were not merely precious gems, but blood, kidneys, hearts, eyes, and livers. A great weight of guilt has been laid upon your throne, and there is no doubt that you understand this thing. Behold, the 24 sons and daughters of Ahaziah have all been placed upon you, as you decided fit to put them to death as mere children, and removed them from your sight." At the conclusion of this speaking, words returned to me.

> 

> "But how is this all possible? For my kingdom is secure, and no rebellion has yet threatened my rule." I said. The angel replied without hesitation.

> 

> "O queen, your rule to this day has been only but a rebellion! Behold, the court in which you sat was not that of the royalty, but a court of law, for you have been set for trial for your thievery, murder, and rebelliousness! Behold, 24 witnesses stand against you, and the weight of their testimony shall crush you. Tremble and repent, for no lawyer has arisen to plead your case!"

> 

> "I don't understand. Under whose court am I obligated to appear in? Which judge has the authority to decide a sentence?"

> 

> "Worry not, for justice will reach you! Jehoash,Jehoash was the youngest son of Ahaziah and was the only one of his children to survive Athaliah's massacre of the Omri dynasty. After a successful rebellion against Athaliah that ended in her death, he became the next king of Judah. the last son of Ahaziah, has been raised up to carry out your sentence.

> 

> "But-"

> 

> "Foolish woman, has wisdom not visited you yet? For Yahweh will always bring justice, and in his court the unrepentant wicked are not pardoned. Behold, a far greater judgment shall visit you than that of Jehoash, where the 24 witnesses shall testify. You shall appear before the Most High, and all of your deeds shall be accounted for on the last day."

> 

> "But how shall I plead my case? How can I contend in a battle with the Almighty?"

> 

> "Listen, and wonder! For on that last day, before the great white throne of judgment, a witness shall appear on your date of trial, and we shall know his testimony to be true, for it is greater than that of 70,000 men. For the witness, the great star who flies like an eagle, a mighty servant of Yahweh held in high honor, has circled the world as many times as there are grains of sand on the sea shore. He has seen the deeds of all. Behold, his testimony will be set before the Righteous Judge, the book of life with pages without number, and there shall be no dispute. As the Destroyer passed over Israel,According to the biblical account, the Destroyer was the acting agent of God that passed through Egypt on the night of the Passover, causing the death of the firstborns of Egypt, but ignoring the Israelites who had put lambs' blood on their doorposts. so the star does now pass over you and much of the evil of man. But understand that this is not always, and will eventually never be, so. Beware the testimony of the witness, for all you have ever done shall be put before the court on that day. You shall be judged by it, as with all the children of man! Which lawyer, what thing can stand before his account at the throne of God?"

> 

> And with the final words of the angel, he disappeared in a great flash of light.

> 

> Now free to move, I quickly sent for a candle and the court scribe to write the words before you now. I, Athaliah, queen of Judah, have spoken.Though this is not practical to display in Foundation digital documents, Document 7305.06 ends with an official seal of the Judahite monarchy placed directly below the final line of the document in the margin below the document's written words. Please contact the current Site-47 Historical Preservation Manager to view the physical document.

**Management:** As the relevant scroll was acquired by the Foundation before any civilian scholarly review could be conducted, no management beyond storage at Site-47's Historical Preservation Division is necessary.

</details>

<< [SCP-7304](SCP-7304) | SCP-7305 | [SCP-7306](SCP-7306) >>
