/* DIV BLOCKS stolen from lt flops */

.quote-block{

    border: 2px double #999;

    background-color: #f4f4f4;

    padding: .25em 1em;

    margin-bottom: 1em;

}

.report-box{

    border: 2px solid rgb(12, 12, 12);

    background-color: white;

    padding: .25em 1em;

    margin-bottom: 1em;

}

**[More by this author](http://www.scp-wiki.net/ellie3-gimmick-free)**

Image source: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Red_sphere_shaded_lightsource_top_right.svg

**Item #:** SCP-7308

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7308 is contained within a standard humanoid containment cell in Site-309. 

**Description:** SCP-7308 appears to be a red sphere approximately two meters in diameter. All attempts to perceive the true appearance of SCP-7308 have been unsuccessful. 

@@@@ @@@@ @@@@ @@@@ @@@@ 

@@@@ @@@@ @@@@ @@@@ @@@@ 

@@@@ @@@@ @@@@ @@@@ @@@@ 

**Addendum:**

### Discovery

SCP-7308 was discovered in Poplar Grove, Illinois after reports of an "orb" wandering a local apple orchard. Following the capture of SCP-7308, Gate B of Site-309 was blasted down by Soupglop, a known reality bender residing in Three Portlands, demanding that SCP-7308 be returned to her. 

After fourteen hours of standard de-escalation procedures, Dr. Noah Addams managed to conduct an interview with Soupglop.

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Addams:** Are you ready to cooperate? Or am I going to have to call in the tranq unit again? 

**Soupglop:** Fine. *Fine.* But mark my words, young man, I'm gonna be casting *sooooo* many hexes on you later. I'm gonna... 

*Soupglop gestures her hands in the air wildly.*

**Soupglop:** And you're gonna be *SORRY*.

**Dr. Addams:** I... Okay. Well, to start, what *is* SCP-7308? 

**Soupglop:** Ha! What is it? It's my INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, that's what it is.

**Dr. Addams:** To be clear, I'm talking about the... red circle thing.

**Soupglop:** Wait, *circle?* I thought I upgraded to the *orb* package! Goddammit. I'm so fucking mad. I suck at contracts. Always using so much *LANGUAGE*. I--

**Dr. Addams:** No~~ it's~~ you did fine. It's an orb. I just misspoke. Sorry.

**Soupglop:** Huh. How the fuck did you go from orb to circle? There's a whole DIMENSION of difference. I thought you people were supposed to be smart! 

**Dr. Addams:** I just misspoke. I'd appreciate moving on now.

**Soupglop:** Peh. Fine.

**Dr. Addams:** So, again. What is SCP-7308, and why can we only perceive it as an orb? 

**Soupglop:** You see him like that because you hold *no* shares! Nobody does! Because all the shares are *mine.* I copyrighted him! 

**Dr. Addams:** Well... then what do *you* see it as?

**Soupglop:** He's a large man with white fur. He has big muscles. He would be my husband but he's kind of stupid, so I copyrighted him instead. I call him "Yeti" and he's one of a kind. That's why Lord Alrights allowed me to finalize the ritual.

**Dr. Addams:** Hm. One moment, please.

*Dr. Addams stands, retrieves a manilla folder, then pushes it towards Soupglop. She begins inspecting its contents.* 

**Dr. Addams:** Did you know that [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yeti there] [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6453 are] [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1529 countless] [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1000 entities] that are almost identical to your "Yeti"? Therefore...

**Soupglop:** Oh... oh no.

*A tear in reality suddenly forms above Soupglop. An eye emerges, staring directly at her.*

**UNKNOWN:** SOUPGLOP. YOU HAVE *LIED*, AND BETRAYED LORD ALRIGHTS. FOR THIS YOU WILL BE PUNISHED. 

**Soupglop:** Wait, wait, I didn't know! I didn't--

**UNKNOWN:** IGNORANCE IS *NOT* FORGIVEN. PERISH.

*Soupglop disintegrates into a pile of salt, and the tear closes.* 

**<End Log>**

Following the interview, it was discovered that SCP-7308 had disintegrated into a pile of ground black pepper. Reclassification to Neutralized pending.

@@@@

@@@@

]

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-7307](SCP-7307) | SCP-7308 | [SCP-7309](SCP-7309) >>

=====

> **Filename:** scp-7308.svg

> **Name:** Red sphere shaded lightsource top right.svg

> **Author:** Jahobr

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Red_sphere_shaded_lightsource_top_right.svg)

=====
