**Item #:** SCP-7405

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7405 is contained in a standard non-humanoid containment cell at Site-18. The cell is to be cleaned bi-weekly from residue left by the entity. Any heat source capable of damaging organic tissue is not to be brought into a 4 meter radius from SCP-7405.

**##blue|These Containment Procedures are scheduled to be updated pending the results of Addendum-03.##**

**Description:** SCP-7405 is a raw T-Bone steak. With the exception of its inability to spoil, SCP-7405 is virtually identical to other non-anomalous commercially available beef-products.

When a substantial heat source enters a 4 meter radius of SCP-7405, the entity will start to move autonomously. SCP-7405 accomplishes this by either using the marbled portionsIntramuscular fat. of itself to stick onto surfaces or by flipping its entire body continuously towards the heat source. Upon reaching the heat source, SCP-7405 will press its body against it, attempting to cook itself in the process. Separating the heat source from SCP-7405 will result in the latter becoming inactive. Any damage SCP-7405 sustains will regenerate within a span of twelve hours.

SCP-7405 was first encountered in West Yellowstone, United States after several chefs had called local authorities. They stated that during preparation, SCP-7405 had moved and escaped through an open window in the kitchen. Class-A amnestics were administered to all relevant parties. SCP-7405 was later recovered near a backroad leading to the outskirts of the city.

**Addeudum-01:** Below is a list of notable tests, incidents and discoveries made in the history of SCP-7405's containment. To access the unabridged list, contact Dr. Heedler.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7405/Containment/Log ◀</summary>

> **Date:** 03/29/2013

> 

> **Description:** An electric blanket, a heat lamp, and a burning fire pit was placed in SCP-7405's vicinity. SCP-7405 attempted to approach the firepit when researchers extinguished it. SCP-7405 immediately then moved under the heat lamp and rested. Researchers turned off the lamp. SCP-7405 then finally approached and prodded the blanket, then became inactive. Testing concluded

> 

> **Notes:** When presented with multiple heat sources, SCP-7405 will always interact with the hottest first. Any heat source incapable of cooking it will be ignored by the anomaly.

> **Date:** 04/12/2013

> 

> **Description:** SCP-7405 was brought into Site-18's cafeteria, alongside a frying pan and butter for testing. When the stove was turned on, SCP-7405 suddenly squirmed out of the researcher's hands and interacted with the butter. After smearing it across its body, SCP-7405 inhabited the pan and went still. After some time, SCP-7405 flipped itself over. The experiment was cancelled before SCP-7405 could be fully cooked.

> 

> **Notes:** SCP-7405 will maneuver its body to evenly cook itself when possible. Researchers present noted the anomaly exhibited a delectable scent during the test.

> **Date:** 04/20/2013

> 

> **Description:** SCP-7405 was given a PowerPoint presentation of various objects on fire to see if they would elicit a reaction from it. SCP-7405 remained inactive until an image of a wildfire was displayed. SCP-7405 twitched, paused, then moved upwards on the wall. The anomaly did not approach the fire but instead rested on the grassy plains of the picture.

> 

> **Notes:** This was the first recorded deviation in regards to primary behavior. Tests with similar parameters had yielded  inconclusive results. 

> **Date:** 04/29/2013

> 

> **Description:** After embellishing his plate with foodstuffs from Site-18's annual potluck,  Dr. Heedler was about to consume it when he observed his helping of grilled steak discreetly twitching. Dr. Heedler panicked and moved to rise from his seat when SCP-7405 suddenly lunged at him. Attending personnel present managed to forcibly remove SCP-7405 from deep inside his oral cavity, saving him from certain asphyxiation. 

> 

> As indicated by the discovery of trails of myoglobin inside the vents leading from SCP-7405's cell to the kitchen and another raw steak inexplicably placed in the trash, it was confirmed that the object had a higher degree of sentience than initially calculated.

> 

> **Notes:** Attempts to communicate with SCP-7405 resulted in failure; all efforts to interview it have resulted in the entity seeking to attackSCP-7405's method of attack involves slapping the widest surface of itself against a subject. Subjects typically have their clothing stained with juices but is otherwise left unharmed. or enter the interviewer's oral cavity. 

> **Date:** 04/29/2013

> 

> **Description:** As SCP-7405 was being relocated to a more isolated temporary holding cell due to the previous incident, the entity managed to escape the custody of the guard transporting it. The entity accomplished this by spraying copious amounts of its fluid directly into her eyeballs, distracting her long enough to quickly enter the trash room and inside the incinerator chute. Foundation personnel were alerted to the situation and performed an emergency shutdown on the device. SCP-7405 was found completely incinerated. However, within a full span of twelve hours it slowly reformed back into its original state. Following its reformation, SCP-7405 was contained in a more secure cell and the guard was reprimanded for minor negligence.

> 

> **Notes:** Security footage showed SCP-7405 frequently banging itself against the walls of its cells. Tests beyond this point would cause a sharp change in SCP-7405's behavior, seeking nearby subjects to involuntarily consume it. Dr. Heedler put any testing involving SCP-7405 on hold indefinitely until new amendments to its special containment procedures were made.

> **Date:** 05/14/2013

> 

> **Description:** (See Addendum-02)

> 

> **Notes:** (See Addendum-02)

</details>

---

**Addendum-02:** On 05/14/2013 Site-18 suffered a moderate containment breach that resulted in a handful of anomalies being freed. All anomalies were recontained with the exception of SCP-7405. After the lockdown was lifted, a Foundation maintenance worker notified Foundation security of what occurred when he sought refuge on the roof.

While looking for a place to hide, he witnessed SCP-7405 climbing Site-18's radio communication equipment, resting inside a parabolic dish. As it was being cooked by the heat radiating off the aluminum foil, its scent caught the attention of multiple crows. The crows then proceeded to consume SCP-7405 in its entirety. The crows were later tranquilized and had their digestive systems examined, but no trace of the anomaly remained. 

**Addendum-03:** Just before SCP-7405 was declared neutralized, a farmer living on the outskirts of West Yellowstone had made a report to local authorities. The report concerned an anomaly that he had found on his ranch that identically matched SCP-7405's description. Field agents were deployed and reviewed the farm's security footage.

---

<details>
<summary>▶  ACCESS SCiPNET:/7405/7405-A/Montana  ◀</summary>

> **Date:** 05/14/2013

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[A herd of cows graze or rest in an open field. One cow is wearing a blue collar and is also grazing the grass when a section of its loins bleeds. The cow doesn't respond as a section of flesh detaches from their body, falling to the ground. The cow's wound bleeds profusely when it rapidly regenerates, leaving a T-Bone shaped scar. The cow ambles away.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7405 twitches and violently contracts before it stands on its ridges, performing a complete rotation of its body around the field. After a moment, SCP-7405 'hops' excitedly and flips itself sporadically on the grass and scrunching up some dandelions in the middle of its body.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7405 then flops itself in a puddle of mud, splashing around vigorously until it spots several cows nearby. The entity jumps from the puddle, rolling and flipping itself in place in full view of the cows. The cows glance at SCP-7405, then resume consuming weeds and dandelions. SCP-7405 attempts to gain the cows' attention again when the sound of a bell is heard in the distance.]*

> 

> *[The cows begin to line up at a trough feeder as the farmer pours the feed into the bin. As the cows consume it, the farmer leaves. SCP-7405 traverses and squeezes past the herd and throws itself into the feed. The entity circles around and dives into the feed several times. Due to the stickiness of the mud, it is now covered in bovine feed. It continues this action until it notices a cow with a blue collar at the far end of it.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7405's posture stiffens, then it frantically makes its way to the designated cow, bumping into the side of the trough and other cows in the process. SCP-7405 prods the blue-collared cow's snout, gaining their attention. SCP-7405 stands up straight and wiggles in front of the cow, causing the latter to tilt their head. The entity then presses itself against the snout in a manner in resemblance to hugging.]*

> 

> *[The cow then sniffs the top of SCP-7405 which is covered in bovine feed and takes a bite. SCP-7405 falls back and twitches uncontrollably. The entity uses one of its edges to feel the top of its head — a huge chunk of its mass is missing. SCP-7405 begins to tremble tremendously as it turns to the cow, who is staring at it and is licking their lips.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7405 scrambles to leave the trough but is caught in the bovine's jaws. The entity, now exhibiting signs of panic, tries to escape by squirming around to no avail. The cow chews voraciously until SCP-7405 is consumed.]*

> 

> *[After licking their lips, the cow continues to consume from the trough.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

During the operation, the Foundation recovered SCP-7405-A, a female cow that shares many genetic matches with SCP-7405. It was discovered that both of the entities were interconnected with each other: Although SCP-7405 is capable of extreme regeneration, it can be terminated if fully consumed by a living being. In the event that occurs, a portion of SCP-7405-A's flesh will detach and become the new incarnation of SCP-7405. The process does not bring permanent harm to SCP-7405-A besides tissue scarring. 

SCP-7405 was found underneath SCP-7405-A, shivering and scrunching itself into a ball as it was coated in wet herbaceous material.It should be noted SCP-7405's secondary property does not work in conjunction with SCP-7405-A, however it has shown to be immune to dissolvement in these conditions. SCP-7405-A was transferred to Site-18 alongside SCP-7405. SCP-7405 has since disengaged in seeking sources of heat or breaching its cell. SCP-7405 has also expressed disinterest in being reintroduced to SCP-7405-A.

<< [SCP-7404](SCP-7404) | SCP-7405 | [SCP-7406](SCP-7406) >>

> **Filename:** T-Bone_Steak_Close.jpg

> **Name:** T-bone-raw-MCB

> **Author:** MCB

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 2.5

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:T-bone-raw-MCB.jpg)
