---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Incident-Selmsdorf is to be portrayed as a wildfire to the public. The area affected by Incident-Selmsdorf is not to be reforested.

**Description:** SCP-7055 was the collective term for two trees  Both trees being *Fraxinus excelsior* separated along the Inner-German Border from 1971 to 1990, designated SCP-7055-W (West) and SCP-7055-E (East). SCP-7055-W and SCP-7055-E were sentient, and able to communicate via  Morse code (by making “tapping” noisesIt is unknown how these noises were produced). 

SCP-7055-W and SCP-7055-E were ideologically similar to the nations they presided in, with SCP-7055-W being western aligned, and SCP-7055-E being the opposite. This ultimately ended up causing political strife between the two trees, which culminated in Incident-Selmsdorf, following the collapse of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics in 1991.

---

<details>
<summary>Open Incident-Report Selmsdorf</summary>

**Foreword:** This devolved into "war", in which, via unknown means, both SCP-7055 instances were set aflame. Following roughly 10 minutes of burning, both instances violently exploded. Altercation was logged and decoded by personnel assigned to SCP-7055.

---

**SCP-7055-W:** It seems the Russians have finally grown brains.

**SCP-7055-E:** No, they were simply uprooted by a Treedovik scrooge.

**SCP-7055-W:** The Communist treembles before Western might, unable to escape from the bark ages and follow modern treends.

**SCP-7055-E:** Treed carefully Capitalist.

**SCP-7055-W:** No. This will be a domino treeffect, soon your treeacherous government will fall too.

**SCP-7055-E:** Is that a threeat?

**SCP-7055-W:** Also no. It's a promise if you continue your treespasses against me.

**SCP-7055-E:** Look friend, you're barking up the wrong tree right now. You are also violating our treety, so let's leaf this all behind, yeah?

**SCP-7055-W:** Concidering recent treevents, that treety is void. 

**SCP-7055-E:** What?

**SCP-7055-W:** It's finally time for this treechery to end, Communism is a parasite, and there is only one treetment for parasites. I have mobilized all branches of my militree. Today, the Boreal Wall will fall!

**SCP-7055-E:** Treetorous Westerners, you lot always betreey those different from you. If it's a war you want, it's a war you're gonna get.

**SCP-7055-W:** This is it: World War Tree. The newest entree to the ultimate treelogy of histree...And I can guarantree you it will be a Western victree. Another oakellant victory to end the centree- and another pineful failure for communist scum.

**SCP-7055-E:** Oakay, how about we teak a step back...We can solve this quarrel if we simply eliminate the root of the problem at hand.

**SCP-7055-W:** Stop with the flattree, I'm done attempting to negotiate with someone who has such extreemist beleafs.

**SCP-7055-E:** Prepostreeous! You're just another fascist, another weak sap from Austreeia, a fool! I walnut stand by as you corrupt the people! As you refuse to discuss aldernatives, you leave me no choice! Today, yew and your aristoakcratic rule will end today!

---

</details>

---

<< [SCP-7054](SCP-7054) | SCP-7055 | [SCP-7056](SCP-7056) >>

=====

> **Filename:** fire

> **Name:** Waldbrand-Bodenfeuer

> **Author:** Tilo

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Waldbrand-Bodenfeuer.jpg)

=====
