**Title:** SCP-7103 - Statued

**Authors:** , 

**Made In:** 2022

**Item #:** SCP-7103

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7103 is currently housed in a standard containment enclosure, located in Site-19. Observation windows into the chamber are to be concealed at all times. The container that originally housed SCP-7103 during initial discovery is to be stored at the on-site warehouse.

**Description:** SCP-7103 is a 1.6-meter tall humanoid statue. The anomaly is noticeably damaged, possessing cavities and fractures of varying severity. In addition, SCP-7103 appears to have a research uniformThe design is reminiscent to Foundation issue research uniforms. engraved on its torso section. SCP-7103 exhibits an expression of fear and panic upon sighting observers.

SCP-7103 exhibits environmental awareness, is capable of autonomous movement, and locomotion through anomalous means.

Although SCP-7103 has no visual sensory organs, it possesses two hollows in a roughly similar position to human ocular cavities. When a subject is within the perceived vision range of the anomaly, the subject will be incapable of movement or locomotion. The affected subject will be fixed in their current position until they are outside of SCP-7103's range of vision. The anomaly utilizes this ability to evade direct contact with Foundation personnel. Additional anomalous properties are still being studied as of writing.

**Discovery:** SCP-7103 spontaneously appeared at Site-19 on 2022/06/22 within a wooden crate. Initial reports from personnel and monitoring instruments indicated a spacial reality distortion event occurred at the location. Notably, the container was marked with the words "Lab-19" as well as a coat of arms similar to that of the Foundation on its side. See Figure A.

A metal card was found in SCP-7103's breast pocket whilst inside the initial housing. The identifiable features inscribed on the card are as follows:

> * An image of SCP-7103's face.

> 

> * Name: Gyggel GleokgThere are no matching records on an individual named "Gyggel Gleokg" on the Foundation registry.

> 

> * Clearance Level: 3

> 

> * Department of Biological AnthropologyThe scientific study of Humanity.

Of note, two similar entities were found alongside SCP-7103 at the time of discovery. However, they were destroyed due to reported mishandling by the initial recovery team. The statues crumbled upon accidental damage to their necks and were left irreparable. SCP-7103 appeared to express panic upon seeing the wreckage of the other objects.Investigations into the abnormal performance of the recovery team is ongoing.

During the initial hours of containment, SCP-7103 began emitting radio distress transmissions. SCP-7103 ceased this activity after two hours. Full decryption of SCP-7103's transmissions is currently ongoing. The recipient of this communication is still unknown.

<< [SCP-7102](SCP-7102) | SCP-7103 | [SCP-7104](SCP-7104) >>

> **Filename:**  statued%20temp%20logo

> **Author:**  and 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://scpdsandbox.wdfiles.com/local--files/ananomalouswriter-1/statued%20temp%20logo
