[Canon Hub](Canon Hub) >> [From 120's Archives Hub](From 120's Archives Hub) >> SCP-7102

= **<< [SCP-6772](SCP-6772) || SCP-7102 || [UIU File: 2014-158 (OPERATION: VENENUM)](uiu-file-2014-158) >>**

:root {

--header-title: "SITE-120";

--header-subtitle: "Борьба с огнем с огнем"; 

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** Current containment protocols are focused on curtailing SCP-7102's activities. Any reports concerning objects being enlarged or shrunk must be taken into account for evidence of the entity's presence.

Once contained, SCP-7102 is to be placed into a medically-induced coma until a more viable containment method is found. All SCP-7102-A instances must be contained or disposed of on discretion.

##blue|Containment Protocols are being revised pending results of Addendum-04.##

**Description:** SCP-7102 is a human female of British descent, aged 36. The entity has blonde hair, and possesses multiple gunshot wounds and surgical scars across its body, with the latter being heavily prevalent near the abdomen.

By focusing and directing a half-closed fist towards an object, SCP-7102 can enlarge or shrink an object by opening and closing their fist respectively. 

Objects, before being affected (SCP-7102-A) will briefly experience an intangible phenomena in the form of enlarged and/or shrunken opaque versions of itself protruding out of their bodies. This is also accompanied by the instance spatially distorting before its size is altered. 

SCP-7102-A instances' mass, density, and volume will also change correspondingly to the size adopted. Only SCP-7102 can return SCP-7102-A instances to their original size. The exact limitations of SCP-7102's anomaly remain unknown.

SCP-7102 also has the following anomalous attributes:

* Enhanced reflexes;

* Ability to produce electricity around their body;

* Inability to suffer muscle fatigue;

* Decelerated aging.

**Discovery:** The Foundation was alerted to the existence of SCP-7102, following the operation conducted against Albert Lopper, a biotechnology entrepreneur living in Alabama, United States. Evidence provided by third parties suggested Mr. Lopper had become involved with multiple para-natural organizations. As the Foundation didn't have concrete proof to warrant Mr. Lopper's arrest, his estate was put under surveillance.

Shortly after, SCP-7102 appeared.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7102/Alabama/Rodney ◀</summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[Lopper enters his office, talking into his cellphone.]*

> 

> **Lopper:** What? That's what the jerkwad from accounting said, and you went along with it? No, I don't want to travel all the way to Florida for a damn business meeting about toothpaste!

> 

> *[Lopper shakes his head in disgust, then pulls out a pen and paper from the drawer.]*

> 

> **Lopper:** Fine! I'll do the fertilizer one. What's the terms? 100 million-- who do they think they are?! Tell them it's 30 million or nothing! Now, did you set the reservation?... No?! I've been telling you for weeks to handle it and you forgot? Stop crying, I can barely hear you!

> 

> *[Lopper writes on the paper, then spots a bottle of whiskey and a notecard on his desk.]*

> 

> **Lopper:** Just set the reservations or you're done! Jesus Christ.

> 

> *[Lopper sets the phone down. He reaches for the bottle and opens it.]*

> 

> **Lopper:** Finally took them long enough.

> 

> *[Lopper takes a sip but immediately spits the liquid back into the bottle.]*

> 

> **Lopper:** Tastes like cat piss. Who the hell sent this?

> 

> *[Lopper opens the gift card. The words **"ROSES ARE RED, VIOLETS ARE BLUE, TODAY IS SURPRISE COLLECTION DAY MY FRIENDS, KEEP YOUR HANDS UP OR YOU WON'T LIKE HOW THIS ENDS. ~~P.S. SERIOUSLY, DON'T TRY ANYTHING. ~~ MLF"**]*

> 

> *[Lopper holds their breath and pulls out a drawer containing a firearm. The firearm contorts and shrinks immensely. Lopper gasps as an arm wraps around his neck. Another hand is placed near his face, sparking with electricity. SCP-7102, wearing a gas mask, whistles.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I said don't try anything. How about you take a seat?

> 

> **Lopper:**  Why-- w-where the hell did... who are you?!

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Oh wouldn't you like to know.

> 

> **Lopper:** Look, just name your price! I can give far better--

> 

> **SCP-7102:** --that's not how this works, Lopper. Besides, what made you think I'm after your chump change?

> 

> **Lopper:** Huh?!

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I said take a seat.

> 

> *SCP-7102 throws Lopper into an office chair, then restrains him with handcuffs and rolls of duct tape -- placing another piece of tape over his mouth. SCP-7102 removes a file from their pocket and grabs the phone.]* 

> 

> **SCP-7102:** This still connect with all the guards' phones?

> 

> *[Lopper, confused, nods slowly. SCP-7102 photographs and sends the picture of the file. The phone shrinks before SCP-7102 crushes the device in their hand.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Good. let's go. I'm late for my dinner date already.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 drags Lopper down the hallway by his necktie. A pair of guards are visible, looking at their phones. Lopper shouts are muffled by the tape; the guards stay put. Lopper stares at SCP-7102.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I sent them a very *cool* picture. Ah, your glorified piggy bank.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 and Lopper go down an elevator and eventually reach a heavily-fortified door. SCP-7102 pulls out a notecard.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I got the passcode right here. Now where's the keypad... oh?

> 

> *[Multiple keypads and a fingerprint scanner are present on the door. SCP-7102 crumples the notecard.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Oh... you were busy. That's fine.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 extends a hand towards the door. The door contorts, becoming bigger and smaller at the same time before shrinking immensely. The surrounding wall cracks and violently shatters. Lopper screams louder as SCP-7102 pushes him inside.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** By the way, I turned off the alarms so you're pretty much stuck with me. While I channel my inner IRS, be a dear and sign this for me will you? Make it thirty billion or higher. Now what do they want me to get again? Oh wow, that's a steal!

> 

> *[SCP-7102 tosses a checkbook and a pen on Lopper's lap. SCP-7102 pulls out another sheet of paper and multiple zippy bags before turning to Lopper.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Literally.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 walks around, shrinking multiple artifacts and anomalous items, then places them in the bags. Lopper squirms in the chair, attempting to shout. SCP-7102 glares at Lopper.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Fine.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 rips the tape off from Lopper's mouth. He yelps in pain as multiple strands of facial hair are pulled off.]*

> 

> **Lopper:** Bitch!

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Wanna try that again?

> 

> **Lopper:** N-No I... what the hell is the meaning of all this? Why's the Front--

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Debt Collecting.

> 

> **Lopper:** What?! No I paid--

> 

> **SCP-7102:** We're not amateurs, Mr. Lopper. You gave us bread crumbs and tricked us into thinking it's the entire loaf. After all the favors, this is how you repay us? Fraud? Betrayal? That's the problem with you elite-types, always believing you're above the rules.

> 

> **Lopper:** I'm friends with a lot of people, *powerful* people. If they get wind of this, they'll--

> 

> **SCP-7102:** --Congratulate me.

> 

> **Lopper:** ...What?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** You could only push people so much, Mr. Lopper. MC&D already gave their blessing. Is it sinking in yet?

> 

> **Lopper:** [Heavy Breathing]

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Thirty Billion. *Now.* 

> 

> *[Lopper signs the check. SCP-7102 collects it and places another piece of tape over his mouth. After collecting, they kneel in front of Lopper.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Thanks for the assisted donation. Before I go, I have something to say.

> 

> **Lopper:** Hmph?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I saw your file. I didn't expect much when I saw the embezzlements. Neither did the hookers, the drug use... but then I found out you were crucial in establishing some holdouts in South America and Europe.

> 

> *[Lopper eyes widen.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** You know what I'm talking about. Those particular bases dealt with anomaly smuggling, and *normal* smuggling, but more than half of them contained normal men and women, chained to walls like dogs. A lot more had to go on for sure... in one of these safehouses, we found a bunch of stuffed animals and toys in cages. 

> 

> **Lopper:** [Hyperventilating.]

> 

> **SCP-7102:** You demonic fuck.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 extends a hand extremely close to Lopper's face. Lopper screams in fear as SCP-7102 palm violently sparks with electricity.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** It wouldn't take much, really. I reckon I could turn your seat into an electric chair with just my pinkie. It would be easy.

> 

> *[Lopper begins to whimper and cry. SCP-7102 pulls back their hand.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Unfortunately for you, too easy.

> 

> **Lopper:** Hmph?!

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Death's too good for you. As we speak, the evidence is being delivered to the proper authorities. As in, they actually care about their integrity; no bribing. Soon enough, you'll be spending a lot of time in a room not much bigger than this one. Congratulations, all the hard work you've been espousing has led up to this point. I sincerely hope it was worth it.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 stuffs the bags in their pockets and walks past a crying Lopper.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Try not to drop the soap.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 enters the elevator. SCP-7102 removes their mask and activates their ear piece.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Hate wearing that damn thing. Hey Headless, guess who's still in one piece?

> 

> **Male Voice:** *Good. So... how'd it go?*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I have the goodie bag set up. So seeing how I've done so much for you already...

> 

> **Male Voice:** *[Sigh] Gold, look we're really trying here--*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** You've been stating that for six months now!

> 

> **Male Voice:** *Gold, can you just--*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** You know the deal. I scratch your back, you scratch mine! And your fingers have been getting a bit *slow* lately!

> 

> **Male Voice:** *For fuck's sake--*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Hey! Do not--

> 

> **Male Voice:** *Gold, shut up! We have a lead.*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** ...What and where?

> 

> **Male Voice:** *I'll tell you in person. But we found a lot of activity in Eastern Europe. More specifically, between Russia and Serbia.*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** ...So what you're saying is that they, *they* specifically, took Brody?

> 

> **Male Voice:** *Without a doubt.*

> 

> *[SCP-7102 takes a sharp intake of breath as they exit the elevator.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I'll be there as soon as I'm finished. Just--

> 

> *[Agent Rodney, Agent Polk, and several more agents, turn the corner and freeze upon seeing SCP-7102.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Dammit--

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Put your hands up in the air! Put--

> 

> *[SCP-7102 throws, and enlarges the gas mask at the agents. SCP-7102 runs to the opposite end of the hallway. They remove a framed painting off the wall and enlarge it, using it as a means to block the conjoining hallway.]*

> 

> *[Agent Rodney emerges from the gas mask and pushes down the painting. SCP-7102 is nowhere in sight. Other agents spread throughout the halls.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** The hell?

> 

> **Agent Polk:** She's gone?! How? 

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** You tell me. There's no way she could've gone that fast, could she? [Looks to Gas Mask] What even was that?

> 

> **Agent Polk:** A sign that this job is going to be that *much* harder?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** [Sigh] Lucky guess.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Despite the estate being secured, SCP-7102 managed to evade capture. All bodyguards at the scene were incapacitated through the use of a digitally-sent cognitohazard. All SCP-7102-A instances at the scene were collected and the UIU took custody of Mr. Lopper until further notice.

The security footage was originally erased through remote means, but it was fully recovered through thaumaturgic means. After SCP-7102 was granted SCP object status, all files from the [Miracle Liberation Front](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6344)A para-terrorist organization staffed primarily by sapient anomalies seeking to establish an SK-Class "Dominance Shift" Scenario. were cross-referenced for information about SCP-7102. Several were found.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= **Identity Profile #: 3959**

@@ @@

**Alias:** Gola Locknet (Provisional/Assumed)

**Status:** Interned (Temporary)

**Origin:** Human.

**NC:** Blonde hair, female, Caucasian. Thirty years old (presumed). Various bullet wounds and slashing wounds on shoulders and chest. Surgical scar on abdomen?

**AC:** Influence the size of matter at will, briefly enhance the body's bio-electricity. (TBA)

**Notes:** *I apologize for the file being so bare, captain. The patient is very adamant, she won't submit to a physical and she nearly attacked one of the nurses when we tried to install the drip. We had no other choice but to install the restraint harness. It's better for both of us if you stepped in. You always had a way with words.* --Yeen.

@@ @@

= **Circumstances of Contact: 3959**

@@ @@

Mrs. Locknet was found by Captain [Brown](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6073) following a rescue operation at Odessa, Russia on 26/12/1999. Reports of anomalous individuals being held at a facility for experimentation circulated through standard intel gathering. After confirming the intel, Captain Brown successfully accomplished the mission and took the subjects into custody. 

Locknet was amongst these patients-- she was found in her cell equipped with an electronic device around her neck and was in a coma-like state. No further information could be found. Eight years later, Locknet reawakened and entered a highly-agitated state. As she did not provide her name, Locknet was referred to her by her alias originally found on her identification bracelet.

@@ @@

= **Update 1**

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>▶OPEN FILE ◀</summary>

> **As Locknet refused to interact with hospital staff, Captain [Becker](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6772)SCP-6772, a headless humanoid entity under the employment of the MLF as a bounty hunter. accepted Star Psychologist Hina's request.**

> 

> *[Locknet is sitting in the CareHound Safety Room, wearing the restraint harness. Locknet shakes and folds their arms. They curse and whisper in Slovak when the door opens. Locknet snaps her head up, her shaking increases exponentially.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Hi there, sweetheart. The accommodations suiting you fine?

> 

> *[Becker drops his duffle bag and takes a seat by the table. Locknet frowns, her fist sparks with electricity.]*

> 

> **Becker:** No? Then shape the fuck up, and you'll get something better. And don't you even dare [Points to Lockheart's Wrist] That device you're wearing prevents you from doing harm to yourself and others. You saw it yourself.

> 

> *[Locknet's fist stops sparking. Locknet avoids eye contact. Becker sighs.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Don't take it personal, this isn't my sort of thing. I don't get why Hina fetched me here instead of Brown to be honest.

> 

> *[Locknet stares at Becker. Becker facepalms.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Oh shit, I forgot. Miss... can you understand. Do you know a lick of English?

> 

> **Locknet:** [In Slovak] Who are you? What is this place?

> 

> **Becker:** Hold on, I think I have a Russian head in here somewhere...

> 

> *[Becker removes his head. Locknet screams. Becker puts it back on.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Okay, okay! See, head's fine, alright? Gotta remember to warn the newbies ahead of time... fuck it.

> 

> **Becker:** Look, I may not know what exactly happened, but I know what it's like to be wronged. I know what it's like to lose... *things*. Trust me, I've been through it twice. Not a fun feeling.

> 

> **Becker:** But those slimeball wannabes in the coats... they're not going to lay a finger on you anymore. Believe me, I already made *sure* of that. You don't have to worry about... hiding yourself, looking over your shoulder. You can be... well frankly whatever the hell you want.

> 

> **Becker:** You'll be treated with the utmost respect in our care. So take it easy. Once your... you don't understand a thing I'm saying, do you?

> 

> *[Locknet blinks, tilting her head.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Dammit. Plan B, then.

> 

> *[Becker places a variety of toys from the duffle bag onto the table. Locknet is visibly interested.]*

> 

> **Becker:** I didn't know what to do, so I got these instead. You can keep them if you want--

> 

> *[A metallic six-pointed jack enlarges on the table. Locknet picks it up, inspecting it in curiosity. Becker remains silent, then points at the jack.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Was that you?

> 

> *[Locknet sets the jack down. She presses her hands together before pulling them apart.]*

> 

> **Becker:** ...You can make stuff big?

> 

> *[Locknet pauses, nods, then holds their stomach. Becker notices this and smiles. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a Snickers bar. He removes the wrapper and places it on the table. Locknet stares at it, no signs of fear are present.]*

> 

> **Becker:** So I was right-- they have been feeding you jackshit. Take it, you need it a lot more than me. Be back in a bit.

> 

> *[Becker leaves the room. Locknet continues staring at the bar.]*

> *[Becker returns to the room.]*

> 

> *[Locknet is consuming a giant Snickers bar on the table. She snaps her head towards him. Her face and clothes are stained with caramel and chocolate. Becker folds their arms, visibly satisfied.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Feeling better?

> 

> *[Locknet slowly nods.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Want another one?

> 

> *[Locknet nods faster.]*

> ~~-~~

> 

> *Miss Locknet's responding better with the treatment. We've done a cranial scan, and to my surprise, the waves are going back to normal. It's slow, but at least we know it's effective.*

> 

> *She's starting to speak English again which was a nice surprise. But I'm more concerned with the rest of her body-- a lot has been done on her. We're probably going to need a specialist just in case.*

> 

> *She also made her first request today.*

> 

> *She wants to stay. :)* --Yeen

</details>

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= **Overview: Gola (Goldie) Locknet**

@@ @@

**Abridged:** Locknet is a human with anomalous abilities. Despite being inept in certain social situations, Locknet has not only demonstrated proficiency in both hand-to-hand combat and submachine guns but also has demonstrated competency in utilizing her anomalous trait both in and outside the field.

Aside from shrinking enemy weaponry and defensives, her potential as a collector/retrieval specialist would reduce the likeliness of causalities and limit the amount of potential evidence left behind. Her ability would also benefit storage space and increasing food rations. Her electrokinesis does however, require more practice.

For these reasons, I'm applying a formal request to have Mrs. Locknet be instated in my Chapter at once. Down below is a list of Locknet's most notable accomplishments thus far. -- Becker

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>▶ OPEN FILE ◀</summary>

> **Mission:** Training

> 

> **Objective:** As per standard guidelines, Locknet was ordered to increase her bodily and paranatural regimens. This regimen included activities such as obstacle courses, close-quarters combat training, and general practice on anomalous traits.

> 

> **Performance Review:** Due to Locknet's previous experience with hand-to-hand combat, and incorporation of gun kata and her electric anomaly, she exceeded expectations.

> 

> Locknet struggled with the obstacle course, requiring multiple attempts to complete it; However, when given permission to utilize her anomalous traits, she passed without difficulty.

> 

> Locknet's biggest and most promising improvements thus far relate to her abilities. Before, Locknet was only able to shift the size of a certain portion of matter at a time. Following rigorous training, Locknet is not only able to shift the sizes of large portions of matter, but can do so reliably without any risk to her nervous system.

> **Mission:** Recon

> 

> **Objective:** Locknet was tasked with infiltrating a known Marshall, Carter and Dark storage facility for evidence anomalies formerly belonging to the Front being held there. As per her first mission, Locknet was under the authority of a large recon team.

> 

> **Performance Review:** The only assistance Locknet required from the recon team is the hijacking of the security cameras. Locknet herself infiltrated the facility, recording video footage of three anomalies confirmed to be of Front origin. She shrunk and took the anomalies with her without consulting her team. 

> 

> Despite this being an indicator of Locknet's behavioral tendencies of completing missions by herself, she has the capacity of team cooperation, and does proactively avoid actions that could potentially jeopardize the mission.

> **Mission:** Retrieval

> 

> **Objective:** The Liberation Front and the Serpent's Hand formed a temporary alliance to rescue masses of anomalous entities at a GOC holding facility in Argentina. Locknet was allocated to the mission due to lack of available reserves.

> 

> **Performance Review:** While the majority of the alliance was engaged in armed combat with the Coalition's forces, the rest were tasked with the rescue directly. Locknet was pivotal in infiltrating the facility's defenses. Locknet opted to shrink and escort the prisoners directly similar to other retrieval operations.

> 

> The mission was a major success in spite of the high fatality rate for the alliance. Unfortunately, both guardians of one of the prisoners perished during the operation. Since the prisoner was too young to be smuggled out or join the Front's reserves, Locknet volunteered to act as their current guardian.

> 

> Locknet was soon promoted.

> **Mission:** Air Support

> 

> **Objective:** This was not intended to be a mission; Front forces were in the process of completing an unrelated task when they were attacked by a [Valravn Corporation](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/valravn-corporation-hub) task force, an anomalous paramiltary company. 

> 

> **Performance Review:** Due to her quick thinking, Locknet, with application of her advanced training, managed to eliminate the task force with a single bullet. Becker gifted Locknet a bottle of chocolate-flavored whiskey when she returned to base. 

</details>

---

@@ @@

**REQUEST:** Promote Locknet into the Moon Knights Guild and assign her contract to Captain Becker's care. -- **##green|APPROVED##**

= **Requests: Star Searcher Goldie**

@@ @@

**REQUEST:** Packages of chocolate candy. -- **##green|APPROVED##**

**REQUEST:** An investigation into any other individuals named "Locknet" residing in the United Kingdom. -- **##orange|FAILED; NO OTHER INDVDUALS WERE FOUND.##**

**REQUEST:** Antibiotics. -- **##green|APPROVED##**

**REQUEST:** Packages of canned sardines. -- **##green|APPROVED##**

**REQUEST:** A detailed map of Germany. -- **##green|APPROVED##**

**REQUEST:** Stuffed animals. -- **##green|APPROVED##**

**REQUEST:** Building blocks. -- **##green|APPROVED##**

**REQUEST:** Carton of milk. -- **##green|APPROVED##**

**REQUEST:** Permission to resign. -- **##red|DENIED AT TIME BEING##**

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>▶ OPEN FILE ◀</summary>

> **Becker:** Do you think I should wear this... or this? 

> 

> *[Numbers turn from the file cabinet. Becker is holding up two heads, one of a large toucan and another of a fox with golden fur.]*

> 

> **Numbers:** I dunno? The fox?

> 

> **Becker:** Not exactly inspiring confidence here, pal. I-- come in!

> 

> *[Goldie knocks on the door and opens it ajar slightly.]*

> 

> **Goldie:** Hi Beck, sorry but I have... someone with me right now. Do you mind if they come in?

> 

> **Becker:** Hm... sure, I don't see why not. As long as they don't... interrupt.

> 

> *[Becker removes his head and inserts the vulpine one. Goldie enters Becker's office and takes a seat. She is holding a bear cub in her lap, feeding him a baby bottle. The room becomes silent.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Not that I complain, but really?

> 

> **Goldie:** *Yes.* He wouldn't stop crying, and it's very hard to get a babysitter in this line of work. Besides, mama bear's not here to give milk. You know... cause she blew up?

> 

> **Becker:** Ugh, don't remind me. You know why I called you here?

> 

> **Goldie:** Becker, I'm sorry, but I've already made up my mind. I want to leave.

> 

> **Becker:** But Gold! You worked tooth and nail for this position... a-and now you want to throw it all away? What made... oh.

> 

> *[The bear cub pressed further into Goldie's chest, sucking at the bottle.]*

> 

> **Goldie:** Beck you know this place means the world to me... but so does this little guy. And this place isn't exactly *family-friendly*. You know our outposts are subject to attacks, it's part of the deal. And with that in mind... I don't want to leave you hanging...

> 

> **Becker:** I get the picture. Family is family. I don't want to be a bitch about it but--

> 

> **Goldie:** Language! He might hear.

> 

> **Becker:** Gold, he's not... back on topic, are you *absolutely* sure you want to follow through with this? It's not safe out there.

> 

> **Goldie:** It's not safe here either. It's not going to be forever, Beck. Just until he's old enough. I know it's dangerous but it'll be a cold day in hell before I trust the Veil safe zones. Besides, I won't be totally out of the picture, just in the background.

> 

> **Becker:** Like helping with supplies and input?

> 

> **Goldie:** Exactly. I know it throws a wrench in things but I need this Beck. I have nothing else.

> 

> **Becker:** ...Fine. But you are getting an escort. No exceptions.

> 

> **Goldie:** Thank you so much, Beck! I promise, when this guardian thing is over I'll be right back. Trust me, you have my word... hm? Brody?

> 

> *[Brody begins to cough and giggle, he is moving his snout.]*

> 

> **Goldie:** Hey, I think he's trying to speak!

> 

> **Becker:** His first words?

> 

> **Goldie:** For god, yes! I've been trying to get him to say my name! C'mon, Brodes! Say it. Say Goldie... Goldie.. Can you say Gold--

> 

> **Brody:** Bitch.

> 

> *[The room remains silent. The bear giggles.]*

> 

> **Numbers:** Have fun Beck.

> 

> *[Numbers leave the room. Goldie stares at a giggling Brody before scowling at Becker. Becker bites his lip and pulls out a bottle.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Chocolate whiskey?

> 

> *[Goldie's fist sparks with electricity. Becker sighs and lifts up his bulletproof-vest.]*

> 

> **Becker:** Fine... make it *hurt.*

</details>

---

@@ @@

**REQUEST:** Permission to resign. -- **##green|ACCEPTED##**

**Addednum-01, Tracking:** After several months, the Foundation tracked SCP-7102 in Serbia. During the search, the Foundation discovered multiple statistical discrepancies involving a series of disappearances in and around the region at the time. MTF Beta-8 ("Mythbusters") was deployed as a precaution and put on-standby.

Eventually, Foundation satellite imaging marked a location that might pertain to the investigation. However, it quickly became clear that it was not location meant for the public.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7102/Serbia/Rodney2 ◀</summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Agent Polk:** This is the last time you ever convince me to go abroad.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Cry me a river, Polk. We don't have the time. 

> 

> *[Both agents are positioned above a cliff. In the distance is a farming village occupied by armed men in winter camouflage. Several Beta-8 technicians are working on a laptop, connected to a portable thaumaturgic transmission receiver.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** They're always coming in and out of that big house over there. I'm making my bets now... secret underground laboratory.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Cliché much?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Why not? We do it too.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Touché. And these guys? Serpent's Hand? Maybe Chaos Insurgency?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** They're human. No identifiable uniforms. Fancy equipment... [Lowers Binoculars] Yeah, I got nothing. I guess we'll have to wait a little while longer. Are we in their cameras yet?

> 

> **Technician:** Should be up in a minute.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** You think Miss Shrink Ray will show up tonight?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** They mentioned Serbia for a reason.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** True, but how do we know whatever's down there is even con--

> 

> *[A loud siren sound activates. The men in the village scramble around.]*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Goddammit! How did they see us?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I don't think they did.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Huh?!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** They're focused on the town hall. What's going on down there? Wait, what's that?

> 

> *Three figures emerge from the houses. The figures appear as a pale white female with pink glowing eyes, a man coated in rust, and Siamese twins with shark-like features.]*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Who are they? MLF?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Um...

> 

> *[Agent Rodney uses the binoculars. All of the figures are wearing black bodysuits and a pair of oval-shaped electronic devices over their ears. The LED lights on them are blinking incessantly.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Why are they wearing earphones--?

> 

> *[The pale woman touches the two figures. In a flash of pink light, they both disappear. Agent Rodney drops the binoculars.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** The hell was that?!

> 

> **Technician:** It's online! [Uses Radio] Beta-8, we're in their system. I repeat, we are in their system. Please stand by.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Took long enough, what are they doing?

> 

> **Technician:** It seems like they are running around in groups, no wait, no... wait, yes. They're panicking.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Panicking? Over what?

> 

> **Technician:** I'm still looking, it seems like it's happening on this floor. Wait... who is that?

> *[A man screams as a large book falls on him, crushing him completely. SCP-7102 reverts the blood-stained book back to it's original size. They are panting heavily and their cheek is bleeding profusely. Two squadrons of soldiers approached SCP-7102 from both ends of the hallway.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7102 pulls a grenade and toy marble from their pocket. They pull the pin, throw and enlarge the grenade down the hallway. They throw marble next, which gets lodged in the hallway behind the grenade. SCP-7102 then dives into a nearby room, closing the door. A violent rumble occurs.]*

> 

> *[They exit the room. The North hallway is heavily damaged; the floor has been completely obliterated and coated in blood and viscera. The South hallway has a large marble embedded at the hall's end; blood pours between the crevice of the marble and the wall.]*> 

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Too close... F-Fuck! My ears are still ringing!

> 

> **Male Voice:** *You said you'll stick with the plan!*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Everyone has a plan until someone shoots you in the fucking face! So I chose a different plan. The plan is working.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 enlarges the book and uses it as a makeshift ramp to slide to the floor below. SCP-7102 reloads their submachine guns.]*

> 

> **Male Voice:** *Jesus, I didn't think you had it in you. I'm looking at it now and boy did you make a mess!*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** You complaining about brutality? Don't make me laugh!

> 

> **Male Voice:** *Complaining?! Not in my world, sweetheart. Just making an observation. I think it's pretty hot. Say, after this whole shitshow is over... I happen to know another good restaurant we can try out--*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** QUIT IT FUCKING NOW!

> 

> **Male Voice:** *What the hell, Gold?! I'm just trying to lighten the--*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Beck! Just stop, just please stop... god, god, please, please be alright! I'm coming baby boy, just hold on... just-- [Gasp]

> 

> *[SCP-7102 stops at a cell door. No one is inside.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** No... c'mon the fuck on--  no!

> 

> *[SCP-7102 enters the cell. The walls are white and bare of any furniture with the exception of a bench. A bowl of dog food is on the floor and a chain is welded to the wall. SCP-7102 kneels to the floor.]*

> 

> *[Multiple strands of brown fur and a broken muzzle are by the end of the chain. SCP-7102 picks up the muzzle, small patches of blood straining the fabric. SCP-7102 is hyperventilating and holds the muzzle to their chest.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** No... fuuuuuck.

> 

> **Male Voice:** *Gold? No, don't tell me!*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** He's not here, Beck. I can't find him-- we're too late! I'm in the cell... it's cold.... I s-see chains... and a muzzle! There's blood on it Beck, **there's fucking blood on it!**

> 

> *[SCP-7102 continues to hyperventilate and kneel. Blood and tears drop onto the floor.]*

> 

> **Male Voice:** *Gold? Can you hear me? Fuck, listen. We're looking at the cameras now. I don't see him, but I see the next best thing!*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Wha--?

> 

> **Male Voice:** *I see the main target now, he's close by. He's armed and on the phone. Get to it!*

> 

> *[SCP-7102 sprints down the hallway. They eventually reach the door at the end. SCP-7102 holds a firearm in one hand; the other sparks with electricity.]*

> 

> **Muffled Voice:** [In Russian] Yes! I have the hounds ready and accounted for! No, I have to evac now! She's here, and she's for--

> 

> *[SCP-7102 shrinks the door, causing the wall to burst open. An elderly man, with a name tag reading "Golubev" turns around in shock, dropping the phone.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Going so soon, *Comrade?*

> 

> *[Golubev pulls out his firearm. The firearm abruptly grows in size, and crushes his hand to the floor. Golubev cries in miraculous pain.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Heard you've gotten a promotion.

> 

> **Golubev:** No-no! I was under orders. You have to understand--

> 

> **SCP-7102:** You made the orders! [Shows Muzzle] Where is he? Names and addresses!

> 

> **Golubev:** Listen! Let's just talk this out--

> 

> *[Two of Golubev's fingers shrink, popping off from the palm. Golubev screams as he bleeds.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Names. And. Addresses

> 

> **Golubev:** He's out of Serbia! Up North! That's all I know!

> 

> **SCP-7102:** That's not good enough!

> 

> **Male Voice:** *Just take him with you, Gold. We don't have the time!*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Yes we do! Every second counts. You--

> 

> *[A bright pink flash suddenly blinds the room. When it dissipates, three figures are seen standing near Golubev. Golubev is shouting towards the figures in Russian. SCP-7102 stepped back, staring at the pale woman.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Mandy?

> 

> *[The woman's eyes illuminate. SCP-7102 pulls out a quarter and enlarges it. The woman projects a laser from her eyes at SCP-7102. SCP-7102 uses the quarter as a makeshift shield. The coin's reflection bounces the laser towards the ceiling, scorching it.]*

> 

> *[The rusted man extends a hand towards SCP-7102; the coin becomes rusted and loses its shine. The woman's eye illuminates again. SCP-7102 extends a hand upwards; a large ceiling fan falls from the ceiling onto the woman and the rusted man.]*

> 

> *[The twins pounce on SCP-7102. SCP-7102 grabs onto the entity's heads, pulling out the devices. The twins collapse onto the ground. SCP-7102 stands up, noticing the woman crawling from under the fan, her eyes still illuminated.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7102 curses and rips a fire extinguisher from the wall, throwing it at her. The extinguisher enlarges in size at the moment when the woman projects another laser at it. The extinguisher explodes; white gas obscures the room. A pink light emanates from the cloud before dissipating. SCP-7102 coughs. When it clears, the woman, the rusted man, and Golubev are gone.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:**  Beck... I think I just saw Mandy... and Nikola and... 

> 

> *[SCP-7102 stares at the twin's devices. The devices are coated in blood and bits of brain tissue, alongside a worm-like creature. The twins are not breathing. SCP-7102 freezes.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Dear god... what did I...

> 

> **Male Voice:** *Gold! Get to the evac, now!*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** ...Yes, sir.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 gathers the devices and the twins before shrinking them. SCP-7102 puts them in their pocket and approaches the grate. SCP-7102 takes a deep breath and presses both fists against their face. The entity contorts widely, then shrinks. SCP-7102 passes through the holes of the grate.]*

> *[Agent Rodney, Agent Polk, and the technicians are crowded behind the computer screen, all silent.]*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** So... that's how you escaped... huh.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...Good to know.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Although Beta-8 failed to capture SCP-7102, the facility was secured. Physical evidence at the base confirms the structure was of GRU (Division P) origins. However, this facility was never abandoned or surrendered to Veil-affiliated groups after the Soviet Union's fall.

Further interrogation of the operatives revealed that they were a part of the Yaman Conglomerate, a successor organization of former GRU and KGB (Division of Special Circumstances) personnel operating almost exclusively in Europe. Most documents at the facility were found to be shredded and/or incinerated. Only three of the documents recovered were relevant to the investigation.

= **Memo -- STANELY GOLUBEV**

[ILLEGIBLE] -

--onfirmation of para-natural qualities, our operatives successfully acquired Eleanor ████████ and was smuggled with assistance from the submarine unit. As of now, the ████████ family is not to be pursued unless further confirmation of abnormalities is present, it's best not to push our luck with Americans or their allies unless we have to.

Like previous candidates, ████████ (Who now I'm referring to as CANDIDATE: SUNSHINE) reacted poorly; SUNSHINE became confused and was forcibly making demands related to its previous residence.

I decided to handle SUNSHINE directly. I'd already taken the liberty of translating the intake interview.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ OPEN FILE ◀</summary>

> **Golubev:** Hello there, nice to see you wide awake Su... Mrs. ████████

> 

> *[SUNSHINE remains silent and turns around. Multiple armed guards are behind them. SUNSHINE appears nervous. Golubev waves his hand]*

> 

> **Golubev:** Oh don't mind them. It's standard procedure, nothing to worry about! Now, Eleanor, I would like to talk--

> 

> **SUNSHINE** I wanna mommy and papa! I didn't do nothing-- 

> 

> **Golubev:** Your parents are nearby, Eleanor, trust me. You're not in trouble either, we just... want to have a chat with your... developments.

> 

> **SUNSHINE:** Develop...ments?

> 

> **Golubev:** You see we're... from the government, and we've been interested in your case; your family told me all about it and I was amazed when I heard about it. You're a very special girl, Eleanor, we just want to make sure that you're safe.

> 

> **SUNSHINE:** Safe? Is there... danger?

> 

> **Golubev:** Yes, a lot of danger. Have you told anyone else about your powers?

> 

> **SUNSHINE:** N-No?

> 

> **Golubev:** That's good to hear, Eleanor. You're lucky.

> 

> **SUNSHINE:** Lucky... why?

> 

> **Golubev:** Because a lot of people won't take it well... seeing your abilities. They'll freak out, you know?

> 

> **SUNSHINE:** Oh.

> 

> **Golubev:** But we can help you out. I just need to see it in action, just to know what I'm dealing with.

> 

> **SUNSHINE:** What?

> 

> *[Golubev reaches under the table and places a bowl of popcorn on the table, and places a single kernel close to SUNSHINE. SUNSHINE stares at the popcorn and licks their lip.]*

> 

> **Golubev:** Do you want some popcorn? I bet you're hungry.

> 

> *[SUNSHINE reaches for the bowl but is stopped by Golubev.]*

> 

> **Golubev:** Oh woah, woah. Not so fast. I need you to do something for me first, okay? I want to see you enlarge that piece right there. After that you can eat, can you do that--

> 

> *[The popcorn kernel enlarges dramatically. SUNSHINE takes the bowl and starts consuming it. Golubev appears surprised.]*

> 

> **Golubev:** ...Okay then. You really like food, huh?

> 

> **SUNSHINE:** Mm-hmm.

> 

> **Golubev:** I can see that... if I were to present you with more food... could you show me more of what you did there?

> 

> *[SUNSHINE appears visibly excited.]*

> 

> **SUNSHINE:** Yes, I wanna do that!

> 

> **Golubev:** [Smiling] Great to hear. Enjoy that popcorn, I made it just for you after all.

</details>

---

After administering the oral sedative, I had SUNSHINE amnesticized; hopefully that'll put an end to all the questions.

[ILLEGIBLE]

[ILLEGIBLE]

--duce or remove the possibility of bodily fatigue and increase blood flow to the body

**Result:** While the starfish embryos failed to grant SUNSHINE full-body bodily regeneration after insertion, their muscle tissue has been shown to heal far quicker than that of baseline humans. Operation successful.

**Region:** Chest, abdomen, thighs, back.

@@ @@

---

**Method:** The central nerves are to be reinforced with silver equivalents. A thaumaturgist is to be present at all times until the surgery has concluded; reduce the possibility of paralysis, increase stability in the spine.

**Result:** SUNSHINE complained of severe mobility issues but recovered in a week's time. SUNSHINE failed to receive enhanced stability in the spine but instead gained the ability to briefly increase their body's neuro-electricity. Operation semi-successful.

**Region:** Upper and lower spine.

@@ @@

---

**Method:** Intestines are to be replaced by those of an instance of Sus domesticus, a thaumaturgist is to be present at all times until the surgery has concluded; increase bodily energy production and metabolic control.

**Result:** SUNSHINE's body immediately underwent the transplant and started to undergo necrosis. SUNSHINE's intestines were replaced with her original counterpart. As SUNSHINE nearly expired from this event, it's strongly advised that similar operations are to be discontinued.

**Region:** Intestinal track.

@@ @@

---

**Method:** Electronic cranial capsule; amnestics to be deployed internally upon command. 

**Result:** After the surgery was completed, SUNSHINE awoke and attacked Dr. Gloubev, successfully lacerating his back and chest. SUNSHINE then killed two guards before being incapacitated. It was revealed that the capsule was fried from the brain's neuro-electricity; it's been theorized that the introduction of the capsule temporarily negated the effects of previous amnestizations.

**Region:** Brain

@@ @@

---

**Method:** Out of concerns that SUNSHINE is heavilly emotionally compromised and unstable, Dr. Gloubev ordered a emergency surgery--

**Result:** --

**Region:** --

[ILLEGIBLE]

[ILLEGIBLE]

**Target:** Mark Levi (Deceased)

**Synopsis:** Mark Levi is a former Soviet Union Commander that faked his death to join the United States of America, exchanging classified documents for residency. Upon confirmation of Levi's identity. SUNSHINE was deployed to the United States to subdue, capture, and return him to the Soviet Union.

**Status:** **##green|SUCCESS##** Levi was shrunk and returned to the Union without delay inside a glass mason jar. Levi was then executed for treason.

@@ @@

---

**Target:** Federal Bureau of Investigation (Unusual Incidents Unit)

**Synopsis:** SUNSHINE is to follow-up on Levi's deal; the documents Levi provided are to be confiscated. All persons of interest that have read said documents are also to be eliminated.

**Status:** **##green|SUCCESS##** The facility that held the documents was burnt down, each persons involved were eliminated by severe blunt force trauma. SUNSHINE's shoes were washed to remove the blood stains.

@@ @@

---

**Target:** Sarkic

**Synopsis:** SUNSHINE is to retrieve multiple persons of interest of Sarkic origin and deliver them to Dr. Golubev for study.

**Status:** **##red|FAILURE##** SUNSHINE was severely injured halfway through the mission, necessitating it to be placed in a medical coma at the Odessa sector until the asset has fully recov--

[ILLEGIBLE]]

**Update (26/12/1991):** A group of unknown origin penetrated the Odessa sector this morning; all assets stationed there, including SUNSHINE are lost. Following this incident, Golubev allocated resources to further implementation of the Neuro-Transmitter program--

@@ @@

**Addendum-02:** In the aftermath of Serbia, the trail on SCP-7102 became cold. The investigation was pending suspension until the latest informational transfer with the GOC. While the GOC did not provide many details, they claimed they managed to briefly hijack's the Front's security system and recorded a video of SCP-7102 conversing with their colleagues.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7102/Phone Record/GreenLand3 ◀</summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[SCP-7102 and SCP-6772 stand by a radio transceiver. Numbers is on the floor, arranging tiles from the board game Scrabble.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** --Listen... let's just keep this civil and to the point.

> 

> **Golubev:** *[Laughter]* I should've scrambled your lobe. Would have saved me so much *trouble.*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Dear god! Even after all these years you're still the greasy piece of shit from day one! I should've shrunk your balls instead! Would've fit you much better--

> 

> **Golubev:** *Mind your tongue, whore! Remember your teddy bear?*

> 

> *[SCP-7102 shudders intensely; SCP-6772 rests a hand on their shoulder.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Mister Golubev. I just want Brody back.

> 

> **Golubev:** *You gave it a name? Cute.*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Gold, let me handle this. What is the deal? 

> 

> **Golubev:** *Simple, an exchange. You want the bear. I want the property you stole from me.*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Property? But we haven't stolen anything from...

> 

> *[SCP-6772 stares at SCP-7102. SCP-7102 nods.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** You gotta be fucking kidding.

> 

> **Golubev:** *Nyet! Agent Sunshine was one of our first assets~~ so many opportunities lost when it went. But, if returned into the proper hands~~*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Go. Pound. Snow.

> 

> **Golubev:** *Then I'm afraid I'll have to find a replacement. Brody, correct? It's been showing a lot of progress, a lot of potential. Maybe enough... to be useful.*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** No!

> 

> **Golubev:** *Then honor the deal! My patience is waning, Agent Sunshine.*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** ...How do I know if he's still alive?

> 

> *[A bear sound is heard through the radio. SCP-7102 jumps to their feet.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Brody? Brody! Listen... Yes, it's me! Goldie! Just stay tight. Can you do that for me... I know, it's scary, bud. I know, I know. You'll make it through this though. Believe me, I won't let anything happen to you--

> 

> *[The sparking of electricity is heard, alongside a yelp.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Brody?! What did you do to him?!

> 

> **Golubev:** *Shock collar. It's still uncooperative. Another thing it got from you, no doubt.*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** ...

> 

> **Golubev:** *We'll send you details later. Do not disappoint.*

> 

> *[The broadcast ends. SCP-7102 immediately extends a hand towards the radio but is stopped by SCP-6772. SCP-6772 hands SCP-6772-A to SCP-7102 and nods. SCP-7102 uses the weapon to slice both the radio and table in half. SCP-7102 is panting.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Feeling better?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** No.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** You don't have to be. Numbers!

> 

> **Numbers:** Opening eyes now. I got... Greenland. Severe. LSD. Nuclear. Thin Ice. A Month... and Jackpot.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Let me take a gander... their base in Greenland, a nuclear base in which they use LSD, probably mind control... it's the place where they're keeping them all, but it's a delicate situation, with severe security, and we have to figure how to free them in a month's time?

> 

> **Numbers:** Correct. I'm not going to lie, Beck. This doesn't feel like Three Ports or Esterberg, this is a whole different beast.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** And what about them?

> 

> *[SCP-7102 walks to the twins on a gurney. A white cloth is placed over their faces.]*

> 

> **Numbers:** I read the report: those earphones, whatever they are, are bio-electronical in nature. When worn, these tapeworm things exit the device, penetrate the ear canal and... fuse with the brain somehow, absorbing nutrients, manipulating neurons...

> 

> **Numbers:** It also puts them in a constant dream-like state. They're puppets, the pods their puppeteers. Those worms produce a chemical, one that has a detrimental effect on the mind.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** LSD? 

> 

> **Numbers:** What else? MKUltra be damned... Gold?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** ...They never allowed us to get too close with each other. The project heads, Golubev,  always micromanaged us -- always trying to ensure our sense of brotherhood while our loyalty to the state was absolute. I never really liked them, the Solomon Twins. They were so violent... scared me more times than I can count...

> 

> **SCP-7102:** But he didn't deserve this. He deserved more than that... they all do. Dear god, this could've been me!

> 

> *[SCP-6772 approaches SCP-7102, roping an arm around the latter's shoulder.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** No, it's fine. This is still salvageable. We have options. If we use the deal to our advantage—

> 

> **SCP-6772:** The hell you will, Gold! That guy will pull something, I know it. 

> 

> **SCP-7102:** What else can we do here, Beck?! The requests are taking too long! If I have to go there myself--

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Don't even talk about going full 'X-Man' Gold. You never go full 'X-Man!' You saw how that turned out!

> 

> *[SCP-6772 points to the bandage on SCP-7102's cheek. SCP-7102 hisses in frustration and sits against the cage.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** This is my fault. You said it was too dangerous and I didn't listen. I should've stayed! He would've never been... did I even have a chance?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** [Sigh] Gold...

> 

> **Numbers:** What if we get help outside of our chapter? Maybe... even further than that?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** And who in the flying hell would be willing to help us? Do they even know who we're up against?

> 

> **SCP-6772:**  ...I might have an idea.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

**Addendum-03:** A week later, a caller contacted a Foundation front company and claimed they were a Front representative. The caller requested to talk to 'the ones running the show' regarding a 'deal of a lifetime you can't refuse.'

Agent Rodney, while off-duty, was approached by another Front representative at the same time.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7102/Rodney4 ◀</summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[Agent Rodney is sitting in a diner, inspecting his body camera. As he consumes his French onion soup, a cough emanates from behind him.]*

> 

> **Female Voice:** Excuse me sir, is this seat taken?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Uh... no, why do you ask--?

> 

> *[Agent Rodney drops his spoon. SCP-7102 is behind him, holding up their arms.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I just want to talk--

> 

> *[Agent Rodney pulls out his firearm and aims it at SCP-7102. SCP-7102 closes their eyes and signs.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** You know we're in public, right?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** We're far enough. I've seen you in action -- you're scary.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** ...You're being honest.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I like to wear my heart on my sleeve if I can -- works wonders.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Well it certainly has a charm. So can you put that away?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I'm not comfortable with that, but does it matter? If you wanted to do something, you would've shrunk me or the gun. Is this 'talk' really that important? 

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Must be. Brown suggested you for a reason.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...Take a seat.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 sits across from Agent Rodney and looks at the basket of fries, then to Agent Rodney. Agent Rodney nods. SCP-7102 quickly consumes it while Agent Rodney hides the firearm under the table.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Never seen a girl eat so fast... I've heard rumors GRU fed you dog food, that true?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** No, thank god; just potatoes, fish and the occasional vegetable. You know a lot about me?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I read the files: girl has powers, bad guys kidnap girl, girl is placed on a spec ops team with other powered people, girl escapes, girl works with the Front until a certain bear comes her way...

> 

> *[SCP-7102 cringes and breaks eye contact with Agent Rodney. Agent Rodney sighs.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** How did this happen?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Would you believe me if I said it was because of a single potato chip?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Yes.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 smirks and leans against their seat, looking at the ceiling.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Their version of amnestics did quite a number on me, I don't remember all the details. It honestly feels like a dream. Heh... a pretty damn good dream.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Let's see.. I lived in the UK, my accents' proof of that. I think I was eight, maybe twelve at the time? Not too sure about that one. But I had a mom and dad, that's for sure.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** You had parents?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** [Smirks] I was born wasn't I? We lived by the lake. Except for the money situation it was... pleasant.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Money situation?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** We were poor, no, flat-out broke. Dad had to constantly work his ass off to make ends meet. We could only afford the cheap stuff, and it was never satisfying either. It just... sucked over all. And then... it *happened.*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Let me guess, your ability?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Mm-hmm. I can't say if I was born with it or something occurred but... Pfftt! It just happened straight out of the blue! One minute, I'm having a snack by the park, the next the table flattens because the bag is too big! Just like that! Can you believe it?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Yes, I've seen you do it... multiple times, in fact.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** The point is I realized what I had, freaked the hell out, I realized I could use it on food, then I freaked out again, but in a good way. Never went to bed hungry ever again.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** And your parents didn't notice?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Oh they did, they absolutely did. Caught me in the act. They freaked out too, but they quickly changed their tune once it clicked how much money we'd save from groceries. I have to give them credit, taking all of that in at once? That takes guts. They weren't perfect, but I wouldn't have them any other way.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Such as shame that's the last time I saw them.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I don't even know how they found out. I was walking home one day when I felt a pinch on my neck. When I woke, I was in some... room... a metal room with people in suits, cameras and other unfortunate souls in the same predicament as I was. My brothers and sisters... 

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** How is the Conglomerate still a thing? I thought GRU was finished after the Soviets collapsed.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Most were: the rest slipped by, hoping to regain their old glory like before. Rumors came that America was in the process of creating a super soldier program, so Russia tried beating them to it. They tried all sorts of things: mental conditioning, physical training... the *surgeries*. I tried to keep my head down, but it never worked.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** And I let it happen, they convinced me I didn't have a choice and I listened every time. Obeyed like the fucking dog... no, bitch I am. Survival. Loyalty. Hatred for the enemy. For years it was just that. Those three things, and those things alone. And at certain points in my life, I enjoyed it.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney remains silent, lowering his gun slightly.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** The Front tried saying the conditioning was responsible, or was a... normal reaction mitigating stress? I hope they're right, it sure as hell didn't feel like it. Then they tried to heal the amnestic damage...

> 

> *[SCP-7102 shudders and involuntarily clenches their right fist.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** They only healed a portion of it, because it wasn't worth it. They doped us all the time, and I was their star candidate. Sneaking intel, stuffing tiny people into jars, literally doubling supplies and nuclear stockpile for the mustached fuck. They would've worked me to the bone if they could.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** And I was the lucky one! If you know me, then you should know my squad. It's worse since I left. Now they're hooked up to some... *device*, their final safety net. I don't know if they're even still in there anymore. They don't even blink! And now they want to do the same thing to him. I--

> 

> *[Agent Rodney holds onto SCP-7102's right hand. SCP-7102 looks at Agent Rodney in shock; their cheeks are wet.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I understand.. I've been in a couple of hostage situations myself, they're always the worst, aren't they?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Yeah...

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I know a little bit about Brody. He seemed like a good kid, and reminds me a lot of niece. But I have to ask... why did you choose to raise him?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Because I killed his parents.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What?!

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I made some bad calls and it resulted in casualties. I made that kid an orphan, Mister Rodney. The least I can do is make it up to him. And... he helped me too in a sense. Give me back another opportunity I thought I lost.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** What opportunity?

> 

> *[SCP-7102 stands up and pulls down the front of their pants, showing her lower abdomen scars. Agent Rodney's eyes widened.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Yep, he went *there*. The way I see it, Brody is the only child I'm ever going to have. And now he is in *his* care. Does it sink in yet?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** *Jesus!* Fuck...

> 

> *[SCP-7102 sits down and pulls a folder from their pocket, sliding it to Agent Rodney. He inspects the contents, then looks to SCP-7102.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** The point is I need someone to vouch for me. We know the base's location but we need help. The Front's trying to work out a deal, Numbers thinks we might actually pull it off. All we want is to free the prisoners and pull the plug on their aspirations.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Your Foundation values information second to none, that file contains a lot of goodies, both from them and us, consider it a down payment. L-Look, I'm so sorry for putting you on the spotlight, but I'm at my wit's end here. I don't know what else to do... I'm just so tired--

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I'll do it... I don't know how, but I'll do it. I have a lot of street cred, I know who to talk to. I can't promise you anything... but believe me, I'll try.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Good... good...

> 

> *[SCP-7102 slouches against the seat, closing their eyes.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** You do realize I still can't let you go... right?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I know... I'm just taking a rest.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Oh... okay.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Mister Rodney?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Yeah?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Thank you.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** [Smiling] You're welcome.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

**Addendum-04:** After much deliberation, and reviewing evidence that the Yaman Conglomerate presented a severe danger to the globe at large, the O5 Council, for this exception, agreed to the deal provided the Front also accepted to terms given by the Foundation.

After the location of the enemy home base was located in Greenland, the joint operation immediately commenced: MTF Nu-7 ("Hammer Down") was tasked with a front assault while Beta-8 and MLF operatives were tasked with underground infiltration of the facility. The Foundation would assist with thaumaturgically enhanced computer technology and support helicopters from above.

All footage was taken from Beta-8's and MLF's body cameras.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7102/6772/Numbers5 ◀</summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Sgt. Arglo:** I still can't believe they've paired us up. I hope this doesn't mean we're becoming friends.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** [Chuckle] You *wish*.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** *Beck.*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I know, no friendly fire allowed... shame you couldn't just size us up. This would've been over in a second.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I have trouble enlarging big objects, Beck. That goes double for living things. This is going to suck.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** ...You know we could still die, right?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Death's always a risk. Either way, this is going to be our last hurrah. So why not go out with a bang? [Smile] Or do you prefer whimpering and backing out like a bitch instead? 

> 

> *[SCP-6772 gives a small smile.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Goddamn, I love you

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I know.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** *Guys? We're going to start in about a minute. Get ready!*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Noted. Numbers?

> 

> *[Numbers removes the purple head and places it in SCP-6772's backpack and pulls out a golden fox head. SCP-6772 wears it and notices people staring.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** This one slows down people's perception of time. We'll have them flat on their ass before they even notice. Got it as a birthday present.

> 

> **Sgt. Arglo:** You're going to tell us how you found that?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** No.

> 

> *[The faint sound of alarms blaring are audible. SCP-7102 pulls out a Wooden "F" letter block.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Go time. Hope you guys are packing, you're gonna need it.

> 

> *[SCP-6772 telekinetically cuts a rectangular opening in the ceiling with SCP-6772-A. SCP-7102 places and enlarges the block before the section of ceiling falls down, creating a makeshift ramp. The task force charges into the floor above.]*

> 

> *[SCP-6772, Numbers, and SCP-7102 separate from the main group. SCP-6772 and Numbers decapitate and shoot enemy operatives respectively; SCP-7102 spots a group of anomalous operatives heading their way.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Uh, Darling!

> 

> *[SCP-6772 stares at the operatives; the operatives slow down before colliding and tripping over each other. Numbers fires tranquiliser darts at the operatives. The operatives become unresponsive.]*

> 

> **Numbers:** Nice save.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** You're telling me! We should've done this more often. It's so--

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Keep your head in the game, Gold! Just focus on Brody and the rest. [To radio] Okay we're in, what now?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** *We're in their cameras now and it's not good! It seems like a lot of men, the brainwashed ones, are going towards the prison sector.*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** They--?! Then stop them!

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** *We're trying to... wait, I see him!*

> 

> **Numbers:** Who? The target?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** *Yes! He's straight ahead of your position! He's surrounded by guards and packing up a bag. You better hurry!*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Shit! Brody's in there! If they get in...

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Focus, Gold, focus! I need you to enlarge my sword.

> 

> **Numbers:** You're--? Why?!

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Evening the odds. Hit it!

> 

> *[SCP-6772-A's size is tripled, and the group picks up their pace. They shrink, bisect and shoot conglomerate soldiers along the way. SCP-6772-A approaches a wall and slices it apart entirely; Golubev and his bodyguards are visible, and are stunned]*

> 

> *[The bodyguards attempt to open fire but the majority of them are pulverized by SCP-6772-A, the rest are shot down by Numbers and SCP-7102. Golubev attempts but is shot in the floor by SCP-7102. Golubev falls over in pain.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** And now the odds are in our favor. Shrink it.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 returns SCP-6772-A to its normal size. SCP-7102 marches to a shaken Golubev.]*

> 

> **Golubev:** Y-You... B-Bit--

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Bitch? I get that a lot. Now c'mere!

> 

> *[SCP-7102 stomps on Golubev's ankle, causing him to cry in pain before the entity presses its gun barrel against his forehead. Golubev whimpers as SCP-7102 handcuffs him to a pipe on the wall.*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** To think I was scared of you. Stay down or *else*. Beck, we need to shut down the pods, try reading him, maybe we... Numbers?

> 

> *[SCP-7102 follows Numbers' gaze. A tank holding a massive larva-like entity is by the back wall. It appears to be breathing.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** What... what the hell is this--

> 

> **SCP-6772:** The one putting their 'special soldiers' in check.

> 

> *[SCP-6772 is adorning the purple head, pressing a finger against Golubev's temple.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** It's a bio-telepathic computer... birthed from the flesh extracted from sarkic prisoners... its babies are the ones in the earpods... This was his doing.

> 

> **Golubev:** I-I had no choice! The kremlin, they--

> 

> **SCP-6772:** --Accepted the plan once you suggested it. Pathetic, you can't even own up to your own bullshit.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Sarkics?... I remember that! This was the plan all along? You... you made me doom my brothers... Y-You... *Fucking*...

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Gold, remember the deal. We need to take that thing now. Let me--

> 

> *[A pink laser decapitates SCP-6772 as it gasps and turns right; a rusted man, a large arachnoid and an albino woman rush into the room. Golubev shouts in Russian, they focus their attention towards SCP-7102.]*

> 

> *[The arachnoid tackles Numbers to the ground, the two entities engage in a fist fight as they both tear each other's limbs off.]*

> 

> *[SCP-6772 fails to dodge to cover and gains the attention of the rusted man. SCP-6772 screams in pain as rust begins to envelope his body. SCP-6772 quickly replaces his head with the fox and stares at the rusted man. The rusted man stumbles forward in confusion before SCP-6772 delivers an upper cut to his jaw.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7102 attempts to tackle the albino but freezes when its eyes glow. SCP-7102 barely dodges the laser; Golubev's screams are abruptly cut. SCP-7102 extends a hand towards the albino but the operative stabs them in the arm. SCP-7102 screams before being kicked down by the albino.]*

> 

> *[The albino notices SCP-6772; its eyes brighten again. SCP-7102 gasps and grabs a nearby pencil from the floor and throws it at the operative. The pencil enlarges, piercing the operative in the chest, killing it. SCP-7102 freezes, and frowns as blood seeps from the body.]*

> 

> **Numbers:** Becker!

> 

> *[Numbers is being overpowered by the arachnid, the latter of whom is attempting to tear the entity apart. SCP-6772 rushes to Numbers's aid, slicing the operative's limbs. However, the entity is regenerating far faster than SCP-6772 can cut. The sound of faint footsteps is audible.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7102, despite being in immense pain, moves towards SCP-6772 before slipping and falling. SCP-6772 curses and notices the footsteps are becoming louder. SCP-6772 then looks to the arachnid and the larva. Its eyes widen.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Gold! Blow me up!

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I-I... how--

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Trust me, girl. Do it!

> 

> *[SCP-7102 takes a deep breath and extends a fist towards SCP-6772, screaming in pain. SCP-6772's size is tripled. SCP-6772 stomps on the arachnid, pinning it to the floor. SCP-6772 then swings SCP-6772-A at the larva, bisecting it in two.]*

> 

> *[More anomalous operatives enter the room, then collapse on the floor unconscious. Numbers pants heavily as they puke on the floor. SCP-6772 pauses, then nods at SCP-7102 -- SCP-6772 reverts to their original size. The radio crackles to life.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** *Gold? Guys? I don't know what you did back there but I'm getting reports that the podded guys have keeled over. They're still breathing. Just sit tight, we'll come to your position.*

> 

> **Numbers:** Did.. did we just win?

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I think... yeah, I think we did. [Chuckles] You hear that, Gold? It's smooth sailing from here. We need to get you patched up though, stay put, I think I got a...

> 

> *[SCP-7102 is standing by the wall; the two entities join her. Golubev appears to be cut in half, a faint pink glow radiates from the body. SCP-6772 shakes their head.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** No... how did...

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I fought Mandy, and heard him scream... she got him.

> 

> **Numbers:** No, no we we're so close!

> 

> **SCP-6772:** The deal is ruined. Without him this all falls apart...

> 

> **SCP-7102:** No... there's still Plan B.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Plan B?! No, that's... no Gold, we can't--

> 

> **SCP-7102:** We have to find him, he's still in danger. C'mon.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** ...Gold...

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Beck please... c'mon!

> 

> *[The entities exit the room.]*

> *[The three entities enter the hallway: Numbers is looking through the portholes of the doors before stopping at the one at the far end of the hall. SCP-6772 breaks the lock and opens the door. Both Numbers and SCP-6772 freeze in place.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7102 notices their reaction and attempts to rush towards the doorway. SCP-6772 tries pulling her back but SCP-7102 peeks inside and gasps. They stumble back and fall to the floor; SCP-7102 is crying.]*

> 

> *[SCP-6772 kneels and wraps their arms around SCP-7102. SCP-7102 continues to cry, staring inside of the cell. Numbers reverts to their humanoid form and slide down to the floor. After a moment, they use the radio.]*

> *[Agent Rodney and Agent Polk are on the outside of the base. Foundation and MLF forces are moving around.]*

> 

> **Agent Polk:** That went... surprisingly well. We got a few casualties but they folded when their toys went out of commission. You think this is the end for them?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Doubt it. Groups like them... they're like cockroaches, so hard to get rid of and hide whenever they can. There's probably still more out there but this will definitely pull the hurt on them... hm?

> 

> *[Agent Rodney spots SCP-7102, SCP-6772 and Numbers conversing with themselves in the distance.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Polk, talk to sergeant. I need to do something quick.

> 

> **Agent Polk:** Sure, just hurry it up. I'm freezing my ass out here.

> 

> *[Agent Rodney approaches the group.]*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** -ave to do this! They're distracted, we can--

> 

> **SCP-7102:** There's nowhere we can go. It won't work.

> 

> **Numbers:** Hate to say it, but she has a point. Pulling a stunt like that will ruin any future diplomacy we have.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** We all agreed to the terms, this is the only solution here. I caused this, it's only fair I deal with the consequences. 

> 

> **SCP-6772:** So this is it?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Probably, you know how they are with their *collection.*

> 

> **SCP-6772:** Goddammit... [Sigh] it was an honor having you in my crew, it  won't be the same without you.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** The feeling is mutual. Just get them to that specialist.

> 

> **SCP-6772:** I will. Numbers, get the gurneys.

> 

> *[SCP-6772 spots Agent Rodney approaching. The entity scowls before walking away with Numbers. SCP-7102 notices Agent Rodney.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Thanks, I doubt this would've gone any other without your help. I don't know how I can repay you.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** It's fine. The paycheck I get is all I need. Well that and the dental insurance, heh... so the brainwashed people, did they make it out alright?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** A dozen died, the rest are relatively good. We're planning to take them to a special doctor, seeing if there's any way we can... remedy what's done to them... hopefully.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** That's good to hear. So what are you going to do now?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Waiting to be contained.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Wait... what?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** One of the main terms was to capture Golubev, but he's dead. The only way to make this work was to let them have me. I've been his main project -- worked under him for years... in other words, I'm the next best thing.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** But... if you're gone, who's going to take care of Brody?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** ...

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Did... what happened to Brody?

> 

> *[SCP-7102 stares towards the MLF members carrying the unconscious operatives away. SCP-6772 is carrying Brody, two earpods are visible on his ears.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** No...

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I had a hunch we were already screwed when Golubev used him as a bargaining chip. I knew I shouldn't work myself up over it, but I just couldn't help it. At least he's not dead, there's still hope. I never should've left.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Gold... why did you stay with the Front in the first place?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** Because I knew the rules.

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Rules?

> 

> **SCP-7102:** The world is for 'normal' things, and I'm anything but. That's just how it is, even if I managed to make myself 'normal'... my anomaly gone... that world ain't meant for me. Never was, never will be.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** At least with the Front I can be myself. It sucked, but it had its moments. The food wasn't shitty, I slept in an actual bed, and I made friends, real friends. It was... nice.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** But I got sick of the violence, the scurrying, the planning. I thought I could just settle down, start something of my own with Brody. And now he's gone. I can't bear to try for a third... You feel me?

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...I feel you.

> 

> **SCP-7102:** I'm tired, Rodney. I can't go back home... so I have to make due with another one. Maybe it won't be so bad, I heard some nice things from those Sites of yours... Oh, there's my ticket.

> 

> *[Multiple Foundation personnel approach SCP-7102. SCP-7102 allows the personnel to handcuff it. SCP-7102 looks to Agent Rodney.]*

> 

> **SCP-7102:** [Whispering] Thank you, I mean it.

> 

> *[SCP-7102 is escorted away. Agent Rodney remains silent and sits on a log. Agent Rodney looks to SCP-7102. Agent Rodney sighs and rubs his cheek with his hand.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** ...You're welcome.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

---

> **Afterword:** Containment Procedures have been updated: SCP-7102 is to be implanted with a tracking chip and fitted with specialized cuffs that cover its arms and legs.

> 

> Since SCP-7102's primary ability is related directly with its neurology, the cuffs, upon sensing an abnormal increase of bio-electricity, will deliver a fast-acting sedative into the entity's bloodstream, incapacitating it. Additionally, SCP-7102 is to be under constant supervision until further notice.

> 

> The SCP-7102 investigation is officially closed.

</details>

**<< [SCP-6772](SCP-6772) || SCP-7102 || [UIU File: 2014-158 (OPERATION: VENENUM)](uiu-file-2014-158) >>**

---

« [SCP-7101](SCP-7101) | SCP-7102 | [SCP-7103](SCP-7103) »

=====

> **Filename:** BlondeWomanDazedBars.jpg

> **Name:** Astrid Ohlsén 1970.jpg

> **Author:** Lars Jacob

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:astrid_Ohlsén_1970.jpg)

=====
