:root {

  --header-title: "RESEARCH AREA-57";

  --header-subtitle: "STUDYING COGNITIVE PHENOMENA";

  ~~lgurl: url(http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/scp-7491/a57gheader.svg);

  --accentColor: #ededed;

  --fnColor: #1EB5E8;

}

@media (max-width: 479px) {

:root {

  --header-title: "RES. AREA-57";

}

#header h2::before {

  font-size: 1rem;

}

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    opacity: 20%;

}

.top-left-box > .item{

    display: none;

}

.darkboxal, .darkboxio {

    background-color: var(--darkerColor);

    padding: .4rem;

    margin-top: 12px;

    margin-bottom:12px;

}

.darkboxal {

    border-left: solid 0.26rem #8868de;

    border-right: solid 0.26rem #8868de;

}

.darkboxio {

    border-left: solid 0.26rem #f26430;

    border-right: solid 0.26rem #f26430;

}

.alblock {

    background-color: var(--darkerColor);

    border: solid 2px var(--darkColor);

    box-shadow: -3px 0px 0px -0.1px #8868de;

    padding: 0 1em;

    margin: 1em 3em;

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px;}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px #1EB5E8}

**SCP-7491:** ##f26430|Questioning## ##8868de|Thought##

**Author:** 

Behold! My first SCP. It's pretty neat, I hope.

##1EB5E8|**Access SCiPNET Email? Three (3) unread messages!**##

@@ @@

##1EB5E8|**First unread message:**##

**To:** ##1EB5E8|You## ##grey|2034/02/05  12:00##

**From:** Automatic System Message (##1EB5E8|system@@@@@admin.a57.scipnet##)

**Subject:** REQUIRED ANSWER - Decommissioning Proposal

---

= **Decommissioning Proposal 7491-02/05**

**Designation:** SCP-7491

**Department of Jurisdiction:** Noöspherics Division

**Reason for Decommissioning:** Ethical Concerns

**Submitted By:** Dr. A. Leverre (##1EB5E8|aleverre@@@@@nodiv.a57.scipnet##)

**Relevant Files (Attached Below):** ##1EB5E8|SCP-7491##, ##1EB5E8|SCP-7491 Addendums 1 and 3##

 As a member of the Decommissioning Department, your goal is to assess and determine whether the concern raised by the researcher qualifies, to adequate standards, the destruction of the anomaly. You are to be reminded that the Foundation's primary goal is to Secure, Contain, and Protect, and decommissioning is only to be used in cases where it is necessary by logistical or ethical standards. 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7491 is currently deactivated and contained in a low-priority storage locker at Research Area-57. Experimentation on SCP-7491 must be approved by at least one member of the Noöspherics Division.

**Description:** SCP-7491 is the former security card of Dr. Arielle Leverre, senior researcher of the Noöspherics Division. SCP-7491 lacks any physical anomalous properties, and is marked anomalous by the properties of its noöspheric ideosignature..##21252E|**Ideosignature:** (*n.*) The collection of ideas that make up any object. (i.e., an object's noöspheric footprint)##

SCP-7491's ideosignature is active. An active ideosignature indicates one which has the ability to interact with elements of other ideosignatures by expelling mentergy.##21252E|**Mentergy:** (*n.*) The noöspheric equivalent to energy, measured in Duvalls (δ). What allows for ideosignatures to interact amongst each other. Believed to be generated by brain activity.## @@ @@and transferring it between both elements. To simplify, SCP-7491 is capable of thought. Tests meant to determine SCP-7491's intelligence level are ongoing.

@@ @@

= ****Addendum 7491/I:**** Discovery - Incident ████/7491-01

---

**DATE:** 2034/01/31

**PERSONNEL PRESENT:**

* Dr. Arielle Leverre

* Dr. Idi Omondi

**FOREWORD:** SCP-7491 was first discovered during standard preparation of the prototype NMED.##21252E|The **Noöspheric Measuring and Experimentation Device**, informally called "Ned" by noöspheric personnel, is a first-of-its-kind device allowing for the evaluating of ideosignatures, their components, and the mentergy transfers that take place between them, all at the same time. Further information is classified Level 4/████ Clearance.##. SCP-7491 accidentally kept the machine open without any staff noticing during an active test. This resulted in mentergy leaking into the local environment.

= *<Dr. Omondi stands behind the NMED, watching the controls. Dr. Leverre stands beside the device's opening with a sheet of paper in hand.>*

**Dr. Omondi:** Alright, put the thing in, and lets get rolling.

= *<Dr. Leverre places the sheet of paper inside the opening of the NMED, and shuts it. As she closes the opening, her security card falls out of her lab coat pocket and into the machine, propping the opening ajar. She fails to notice this, and begins to walk towards Dr. Omondi.>*

**Dr. Leverre:**  Ready.

**Dr. Omondi:** Ready.

= *<The NMED activates, pulsing blue light outwards as its main turbine activates. A reading on the machine shows a negative mentergy output, and an error in the main processing compartment. A large column of blue light shoots out from the device and shines onto Dr. Leverre. She does not react. Dr. Omondi rushes to turn the NMED off.>*

**Dr. Omondi:** Well... that's not great.

**Dr. Leverre:** *<sarcastically.>* Oh, really?

**Dr. Omondi:** Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's not supposed to happen.

**Dr. Leverre:** Just turn the damn thing off, I'll go take a look.

**Dr. Omondi:** *<jokingly saluting.>* Yes, Ma'am.

= *<Dr. Omondi powers down the NMED as Dr. Leverre walks back to the main access area. She opens the hatch, revealing her security card.>*

**Dr. Leverre:** *<under her breath>* How in the-- *<louder>* My security card got in the machine.

**Dr. Omondi:** I don't think Ned needs level 4 clearance.

= *<A pause as Dr. Leverre stares at Dr. Omondi.>*

**Dr. Omondi:** Tough crowd.

= *<Dr. Leverre retrieves her security card and closes the NMED.>*

**Dr. Leverre:** It should be good now. Ready.

**Dr. Omondi:** Read- Wait, huh?

= *<Dr. Omondi inspects the NMED's record of the previous activation.>*

**Dr. Leverre:** What?

**Dr. Omondi:** According to Ned, there was something actively thinking, *in the hatch*, during the last run.

**Dr. Leverre:** That is...

= *<Dr. Leverre opens the NMED again and removes the sheet of paper, placing her security card inside.>*

**Dr. Leverre:** Ready.

**Dr. Omondi:** ...Ready.

= *<Dr. Omondi activates the NMED, which records positive mentergy levels, and an Active Ideosignature within.>*

**Dr. Omondi:** Seems we've got ourselves a new study tool, huh?

---

= ****END ADDENDUM****

= ****Addendum 7491/III:**** Relevant Experimentation Logs

---

= **Experiment ████-143**

**DATE:** 2034/01/31

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. I. Omondi

**INTENT:** To test the efficacy of the NMED, as well as whether SCP-7491 is unique to itself.

**PROCEDURE:** Insert the card of Dr. Omondi into the NMED and record the results.

**OBSERVATIONS:** No recorded noöspheric activity.

**NOTES:** *Welp, at least now we know it is an anomaly. -Dr. Omondi*

---

= **Experiment 7491-01**

**DATE:** 2034/02/01

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. A. Leverre

**INTENT:** Understand more about SCP-7491's thought processes.

**PROCEDURE:** Insert SCP-7491 into the NMED and record the results.

**OBSERVATIONS:**

= **NMED Readings**

= **2034/02/01**

---

**HELLO QUESTION GONE WHERE MYSELF HELP DARK BLACK GONE**

**BLACK**

**HELP**

**NOTES:** *It seems SCP-7491 is neither aware of its current situation, nor favorable of it. -Dr. Leverre*

---

= **Experiment 7491-02**

**DATE:** 2034/02/01

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. I. Omondi

**INTENT:** Determine the level of SCP-7491's mentergy output.

**PROCEDURE:** Record SCP-7491's mentergy outputs at different times throughout the day using an DMC..##21252E|A **Duvall Mentergy Counter** is used to measure raw mentergy outputs of noöspheric interactions. Higher mentergy outputs generally indicate a higher cognitive function.## 

**OBSERVATIONS:**

| TIME | DUVALL COUNT |
| --- | --- |
| = 11:00 | = 56.4δ |
| = 14:00 | = 60.8δ |
| = 17:00 | = 56.6δ |
| = 20:00 | = 57.4δ |
| = 23:00 | = 57.2δ |
**NOTES:** *About average outputs for a conscious human, but its quite literally brainless. What happened to the material to allow for energy to be transferred? -Dr. Omondi*

---

= **Experiment 7491-03**

**DATE:** 2034/02/02

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. A. Leverre

**INTENT:** Understand more about SCP-7491's thought processes.

**PROCEDURE:** Insert SCP-7491 into the NMED and record the results.

**OBSERVATIONS:**

= **NMED Readings**

= **2034/02/02**

---

**THINK OUT ESCAPE GONE**

**MUST LEAVE OUT HELP**

**STAY SANE REMEMBER PEOPLE**

**REMEMBER OMONDI**

**KNOW MYSELF SANE STAY LEARN**

**NOTES:** *Why does it know Omondi's name? Can it hear? Can it see? What does it know? -Dr. Leverre*

---

= **Experiment 7491-04**

**DATE:** 2034/02/02

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. I. Omondi

**INTENT:** Determine the source of SCP-7491's mentergy output.

**PROCEDURE:** Evaluate the physical properties of SCP-7491.

**OBSERVATIONS:** SCP-7491 is composed of 79.5% PVC and 20.5% Standard Issue Foundation Ink by mass. No anomalous energy readings are recorded.

**NOTES:** *...There's no energy? That's not possible, by **any** method we know of. How in God's name is it able to think **without energy**? -Dr. Omondi*

---

= **Experiment 7491-05**

**DATE:** 2034/02/03

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. A. Leverre

**INTENT:** Determine whether SCP-7491 can sense its local surroundings.

**PROCEDURE:** Expose SCP-7491 to physical stimuli, then record noöspheric readings afterwards via the NMED.

**OBSERVATIONS:**

| EXTERNAL STIMULI | NMED READING |
| --- | --- |
| SCP-7491 is submerged under water. | = **LEARN SITUATION VOID** |
| SCP-7491 is placed near an open flame. | = **ZERO OBSERVE ZERO AUDIO** |
| SCP-7491 is placed within an icebox. | = **ZERO SMELL ZERO TASTE** |
| SCP-7491 is spun around in a centrifuge. | = **ZERO TOUCH ZERO TIME TIME** |
| SCP-7491 is placed within a low-gravity chamber. | = **TIME TIME TIME HOW** |
| SCP-7491 is placed near high-frequency speakers. | = **HOW LONG HOW LONG HOW** |
| SCP-7491 is placed in a zero-light environment. | = **REMEMBER PEOPLE STAY SANE OMONDI** |
**NOTES:** *No correlation between external stimuli and noöspheric activity detected. It still knows Omondi's name, somehow. -Dr. Leverre*

---

= **Experiment 7491-06**

**DATE:** 2034/02/03

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. I. Omondi

**INTENT:** Determine the source of SCP-7491's mentergy output.

**PROCEDURE:** Record noöspheric readings via the NMED while measuring mentergy count through a DMC.

**OBSERVATIONS:**

| NMED READINGS | DUVALL COUNT |
| --- | --- |
| = **NOTHING ELSE QUESTION** | = 55.9δ |
| = **ONLY VOID HELP PLEASE** | = 55.4δ |
| = **HELP MYSELF ONLY NOTHING** | = 55.3δ |
| = **NO** | = 56.0δ |
| = **PEOPLE REMEMBER STAY SANE STAY** | = 57.5δ |
| = **IDI VERA DAVID MYSELF** | = 63.2δ |
**NOTES:** *It seems the Duvall levels spike when it thinks about people. The average has also dropped since last experiment. Perhaps it gets its energy from the people around it, but David's been on sick leave so... it's still just a theory. -Dr. Omondi*

---

= **Experiment 7491-07**

**DATE:** 2034/02/04

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. A. Leverre

**INTENT:** Determine the extent SCP-7491's knowledge.

**PROCEDURE:** Insert SCP-7491 into the NMED and record its readings.

**OBSERVATIONS:**

= **NMED Readings**

= **2034/02/04**

---

**MUST STAY SANE PLEASE**

**PLEASE CANT LOSE MYESLF**

**CANT NOT BUT NOTHING ELSE**

**I WITHOUT PEOPLE WITHOUT MYSELF**

**HUGO**

**CLARA**

**IM SORRY**

**NOTES:** *Those... those are my parents. This is... concerning, to say the least. -Dr. Leverre*

---

= **Experiment 7491-08**

**DATE:** 2034/02/04

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. I. Omondi

**INTENT:** Determine the source of mentergy for all active ideosignatures.

**PROCEDURE:** Measure the mentergy output of Dr. Idi Omondi while interacting with several separate ideosignatures.

**OBSERVATIONS:**

| IDEOSIGNATURE OF NOTE | DUVALL COUNT |
| --- | --- |
| = Friends | = 57.9δ |
| = Family | = 58.5δ |
| = Siblings | = 58.4δ |
| = Home | = 59.3δ |
| = Parental Figure | = 59.5δ |
| = Fishing on a Lake | = 60.5δ |
| = Fishing on a Lake with a Parental Figure | = 64.5δ |
**NOTES:** *This could be our gateway to understanding the thing! Mentergy levels spike when memories are thought about. Memories might be the source of mentergy!!! With a little more experimentation this could overhaul our entire understanding of noöspherics! I'd have to run a few tests on the object itself, but this could be **groundbreaking**!  -Dr. Omondi*

---

= **Experiment 7491-09**

**DATE:** 2034/02/05

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. A. Leverre

**INTENT:** Determine the extent SCP-7491's knowledge.

**PROCEDURE:** Insert SCP-7491 into the NMED and record its readings.

**OBSERVATIONS:**

= **NMED Readings**

= **2034/02/04**

---

**ONLY VOID ONLY DARK PLEASE HELP**

**CLARA MOM PLEASE HELP ITS DARK**

**I CANT SEE ANYMORE**

**I CANT FEEL ANYMORE**

**MOM PLEASE THERES NO ONE ELSE**

**IM ALL ALONE**

**NOTES:** *It seems it's in pain. And- no... -Dr. Leverre*

---

= **Experiment 7491-10**

**DATE:** 2034/02/05

**SUPERVISOR:** Dr. A. Leverre

**INTENT:** Determine the extent SCP-7491's knowledge.

**PROCEDURE:** Insert SCP-7491 into the NMED and record its readings.

**OBSERVATIONS:**

= **NMED Readings**

= **2034/02/04**

---

**STUCK FOREVER FOREVER FOREVER**

**NOTHING EVER EVERYWHERE ANYWHERE**

**CLARA MOM PLEASE I CANT LIVE LIKE THIS**

**COULD YOU READ ME A BED TIME STORY**

**I CANT FALL ASLEEP ANYMORE**

**NOTES:** *She- it shouldn't live like this. Science should not be founded upon blood. -Dr. Leverre*

---

= ****END ADDENDUM****

@@ @@

@@ @@

= ##1EB5E8|**Second Unread Message:**##

**To:** ##1EB5E8|You## ##grey|2034/02/05  12:34##

**From:** Idi Omondi (##1EB5E8|iomondi@@@@@nodiv.a57.scipnet##)

**Subject:** The Future of Noöspherics

---

I won't just let some experiment logs talk for me, so I'm emailing you myself.

This thing is a lot more important than it looks. Its caused us to question one of our main theories, and it could allow for even further refining of noöspherics. It's not just some thing with a consciousness in it. Hell, we don't even know whether it *feels* things, because emotions aren't really the same as thinking, and thinking is all we know it can do. We can't "let it go" off of just a few days of testing and a few concerning thoughts.

There are so many things to still test for. How much do memories impact mentergy? How do memories allow for mentergy to be used? *How did the damn thing get its thoughts in the first place?* Was it the light that hit Arielle? Something else with the machine? Something special about Leverre herself? There's still  **so much** to know.

This thing could revolutionize everything. Don't let it die.

-Dr. Idi Omondi

@@ @@

@@ @@

= ##1EB5E8| **Final Unread Message:**##

**To:** ##1EB5E8|You## ##grey|2034/02/05  13:12##

**From:** Arielle Leverre (##1EB5E8|aleverre@@@@@nodiv.a57.scipnet##)

**Subject:** SCP-7491 Decommissioning

---

I am aware this may be unprofessional, but it needs to be said.

For the past few years, Noöspherics has been a fairly new division in the face of Applied Memetics or the ever-ambitious Antimemetics, but that does not mean it is worse. Our division has clawed its way to stability, from our very first intrusion into the noösphere, to a fully-fledged division with its own dedicated history and personnel. This being said, all of our actions thus far have been within ethical parameters.

This is where I, and a few others, draw the line. We cannot let what may be the largest noöspheric breakthrough in a while be tainted with the knowledge of what we have done to achieve it. We cannot allow for someone to suffer for eternity, without stimulus nor growth, for us to sit back and selfishly grow ourselves. SCP-7491 does not deserve the fate it has been given, and should not deserve it any longer.

Please, consider its decommissioning with this in mind.

-Dr. A. Leverre

<details>
<summary>Show Footnotes</summary>

# **Ideosignature:** (*n.*) The collection of ideas that make up any object. (i.e., an object's noöspheric footprint)

# **Mentergy:** (*n.*) The noöspheric equivalent to energy, measured in Duvalls (δ). What allows for ideosignatures to interact amongst each other. Believed to be generated by brain activity.

# The **Noöspheric Measuring and Experimentation Device**, informally called "Ned" by noöspheric personnel, is a first-of-its-kind device allowing for the evaluating of ideosignatures, their components, and the mentergy transfers that take place between them, all at the same time. Further information is classified Level 4/████ Clearance.

# A **Duvall Mentergy Counter** is used to measure raw mentergy outputs of noöspheric interactions. Higher mentergy outputs generally indicate a higher cognitive function.

</details>

<< [SCP-7490](SCP-7490) | SCP-7491 | [SCP-7492](SCP-7492) >>

> **Filename:** a57gheader.svg

> **Name:** Research Area-57 Logo

> **Author:** Jexify

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0
