**Item #:** SCP-7385

**Object Class:** Safe

**Secondary Class:** Ticonderoga

**Special Containment Procedures:** Per the most current review, SCP-7385 does not require any containment procedures by the Foundation given the lack of danger that the entity represents, despite its highly advanced ontokinetic influence on the structure of reality.

No Foundation personnel are authorized to interact with SCP-7385 in a manner that might trigger its ontokinetic effects. Aggressive and potentially destructive interaction with individuals or property related to SCP-7385 is unauthorized, regardless of the circumstances. SCP-7385 is to remain free from any form of containment, with it living with its wife in the city of ███████. 

Due to such factors, and primarily by hypernarrative request *(see Addendum 7385-B)*, the Foundation will cease any contacts and experiments with SCP-7385.

**Description:** SCP-7385 is the alternate designation for ████████ ████████, a Caucasian male aged around 74 years.

SCP-7385 is incapable of suffering any type of physical or psychological harm. Any type of negative factor that can target SCP-7385 in any way results in its nullification due to an involuntary reality-altering anomaly related to the individual. This includes, but is not limited to:

* the subject's death, regardless of the possible cause;

* bodily injuries;

* physical or mental illnesses;

* moral or social damages;

* any possible distressing factors that could affect SCP-7385, like witness disastrous events with damage to other living beings, whether lethal or not.

As previously stated, any object, be it an entity or phenomenon, that attempts to result in some form of suffering in SCP-7385 will inevitably be prevented from occurring, regardless of the properties of such object and the scope of its action. All attempts to circumvent the reality alterations related to SCP-7385 have proven unsuccessful.

~~The cause of this anomalous property is unknown.~~ *(see Addendum 7385-B)*

Despite its indestructibility, SCP-7385 does not appear to have any other types of anomalous properties. The individual also does not present any type of threat to the Foundation or humanity at all. SCP-7385's behavior is completely non-hostile, and the same, apparently, is not fully aware of its anomalous properties *(see Addendum 7385-A)*.

**Discovery:** The anomalous properties of SCP-7385 have been noticed by the Foundation since mid-2015. Prior to this period, it is theorized that SCP-7385 was a non-anomalous human being, who was subject to forms of suffering.

Collaborative analyzes carried out by members of the 'Pataphysics, Ontokinetics and Temporal Anomalies Departments led to the hypothesis that a major alteration in the timeline, at a narrativistic level, resulted in the current properties of SCP-7385, so that even negative memories present in the mind of the individual were also removed. These temporal changes also applies to any human or non-human who was related to SCP-7385 even before 2015.

Over time, Foundation agents monitoring SCP-7385's activities have been recording multiple characteristically disastrous anomalous phenomena that, in theory, were supposed to affect SCP-7385 negatively, but all observations have shown that, regardless of the severity of the event, the individual always remained unaffected.

~~Due to the lack of relevant information about SCP-7385 regarding its "past" non-anomalous nature, it is not known for sure why the individual became anomalous from 2015 to the present days.~~ *(see Addendum 7385-B)*

**Addendum 7385-A:** Interview.

<details>
<summary>Open Log</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7385

> @@@@

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Senners, Ontokinetics Department

> @@@@

> **Foreword:** This interview was conducted on ██/██/2019, prior to the review of containment procedures that led to the cessation of interactions with SCP-7385. At the time, SCP-7385 was unaware of the Foundation's existence, with interviewer Researcher Senners initially identifying himself to the individual as a doctor from the ███████ hospital center. No events possibly harmful to SCP-7385 occurred in the lead-up or aftermath of the interview.

> @@@@

> **<Begin Log>**

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** Good morning doctor, I hope all is well with you today.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** Hello sir ████████, thank you very much! I hope everything is with you too.

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** I'm always fine! So doctor, why did you want to schedule an appointment with me? I have never reported any type of symptoms or scheduled any check-ups with you before.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** So, dear ████████, I know you've never been to a doctor's visit with me before. Even so, due to a government request, we, from the medical center, need to provide special assistance to you.

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** But doctor, I've never had a history of commitments to this hospital involving me, as far as I can remember. I only come here so I can take my grandchildren when necessary, and all the consultations have had no negative results.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** As far as you can remember?

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** So, doctor, I hope I don't have any amnesia or anything worse, but I honestly can't remember much here in this hospital.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** That's what I wanted to talk to you about today.

> @@@@

> *(At this point in the interview, the equipment used by the Department of Ontokinetics team that was secretely escorting the hospital unit detected a local reality restructuring event. The cause of the local ontokinetic activity is uncertain, but it is theorized that SCP-7385 was beginning to show signs of discomfort.)*

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** Okay. Tell me, I also really want to know.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** So, some government officials and I associated with the Ministry of Health searched your documentation regarding your hospital history.

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** And what is this? What do you mean?

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** It means that you are the healthiest man we have ever met.

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** Glory to God! This is a spiritual gift, I am absolutely sure!

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners** Yes. I can agree with you on that.

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** I am also grateful to Him for never abandoning my children and grandchildren. I am a blessed man, from a blessed family!

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** Amen. Can I also ask you something else, if you don't mind?

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:**  Go ahead.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** Do you remember having any symptoms throughout the past years? Be it any type. Psychological or physical.

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** To tell you the truth, doctor, I don't remember having suffered any kind of thing in my life or in the last few years. To be more honest, I either complained about some pain.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** Continue, please.

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** I don't even know what it's like to feel pain, I don't think I've ever seen anyone cry, except when I saw my son and daughter being born. That filled me with joy. I am certainly blessed. Every time I went to the hospital, whether here or elsewhere, for any reason, in every visit, I never received any type of diagnosis. I also passed through the corridors and I didn't notice anything much.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** Okay *(noting in a Foundation notebook, but formatted in accordance with local hospital documentation standards)*. Very good. So can you confirm that you have never cried or seen anyone go through a difficult situation or anything like that?

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** I am certainly a man of joy. I confirm everything you are asking. I don't remember any kind of sadness, whether in me or in my friends and family. To be honest, I don't even know what this sadness is that many people talk about. And I even feel weird about it sometimes. The world is always pleasing me, but I'm still grateful.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** As for the feeling of strangeness, did you notice anything beyond that? Like your overall perspective has been drastically altered from one time or another, or nothing is noticeable to you?

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** I don't notice anything much. My vision is still as good as it always is. I don't see anything wrong with myself, my lifestyle, or even the lives of my family and people close to me in general. Everything seems fine to me. At most, just a very slight feeling of doubt, but that quickly disappears.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** Therefore, you actually do not notice anything wrong with yourself or your surroundings.

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** I confirm that everything looks absolutely fine.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** Alright. We're done for today! Thank you very much sir ████████, it was a pleasure meeting you.

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** I thank you, doctor. Come to think of it, I think this is the last time I'll go into a place like this.

> @@@@

> **Researcher Senners:** Enjoy it! If something seems even more unusual, please contact us again.

> @@@@

> **SCP-7385:** Fine, doctor! Goodbye! God bless you a lot.

> @@@@

> **<End Log>**

</details>

**Addedum 7385-B:** Hypernarrative communication made to the 'Pataphysics Department.

<details>
<summary>Open Log</summary>

The following note was sent on ██/██/2020, to one of the servers of the 'Pataphysics Department research terminal at Site-██, attached to a SCP-7385 document and protocols folder.

> The pain of losing someone is one of the worst things a human being can feel. I remember when around 2012, I was making a drawing on an old notepad. I was at my grandmother's house. It was a place of peace and nature, a simple house with a garden that was not very large but full of details. And at that moment, I was drawing an explosion, something I had a habit of doing, a very peculiar taste in relation to what other children usually draw. It was then that my grandfather appeared and scolded me.

> @@@@

> "It seems like you only know how to draw these things! Why don't you draw something more beautiful?"

> @@@@

> And that was one of the most memorable memories I had of him. In 2015, he came to rest. That time was difficult for my father and my uncles. My grandmother became a relatively lonely widow for years, and so I developed the habit of seeing her every week, especially after one night where she came in tears, telling me that I could live with her, as she felt alone.

> @@@@

> It wasn't long ago that I discovered your universe. From up here, for some, it is an unknown work, for others, a gigantic and complex community. One of the things that enchanted me most was the concept of "pataphysics". When reality interacts with fiction, and as a result, some of you become unhappy with the fact that you live in a fictional world, and try everything you can to "attack" us in some way. It's hilarious but interesting how your lack of free will feeds us with more ideas and ideas.

> @@@@

> And one idea I had was to immortalize someone, from my universe, to your universe. Make a loved one, who is no longer with me, be among you. Fiction has always been an impressive tool. I know that this universe where you live is hostile. Thousands of different anomalies, some harmless, others that were simply meant to be threatening not just to your world, but to mine as well. Pathetic, in some point, but something cool to see.

> @@@@

> As a form of revenge, you could look at SCP-7385 with anger, as it never suffers, unlike all of you. But suffering is omnipresent. SCP-7385 shouldn't, because it has already suffered too much, just like the others who have been immortalized in some way, whether in history or in story. So, I'm giving you a gift, not just my grandfather, but the chance that the author and the work can still be reconciled. SCP-7385 is the opposite of a threat, it is the idea that in a universe of threats, threats created by us, there can also be hope, created by us as well.

> @@@@

> I ask that you leave SCP-7385, it does not need to be contained, nor does it need to witness the other catastrophes that you face in each world. May it serve as a figure of peace, eternal peace. A bridge that connects my reality to yours. And may it also serve as an example to inspire my fellow authors. You have never been able to truly kill your gods, but we will never truly kill you.

> @@@@

> Yourselves are the reason we still care about you.

</details>

@@@@

---

@@@@

<< [SCP-7384](SCP-7384) | SCP-7385 | [SCP-7386](SCP-7386) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
