.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

---

**Item #:** SCP-7937

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7937 is to be contained in a 4x4x3 meter room, located at [Humanoid Containment Site-88](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-88). Personnel wishing to interview SCP-7937 are to contact Site Administration for permission. 

When interviewing SCP-7937, personnel are advised not to inquire about the origin of its abilities, as this has been shown to cause distress on the part of SCP-7937. If agitated during an interview, it is to be sedated using a 75mg dose of Haldol, and the offending personnel are to receive a write-up. SCP-7937 is currently scheduled for monthly meetings with Dr Palmer to monitor and treat its Alzheimer's.

**Description:** SCP-7937 is a 72 year old brown-haired caucasian male, identified as Simon Keyestone. SCP-7937 is shown to cause vivid audiovisual hallucinations when describing its past memories- including those related to its service in the vietnam war Though other memories also have this effect . The person affected will appear to be in an unresponsive state, while they experience a direct recreation of these memories from SCP-7937's point of view. These properties do not manifest when hearing audio or video recordings or reading transcripts. Additionally, Injuries sustained during these memories do not carry over when they are complete, but several personnel have shown mental distress typical for the subject matter of certain memories. This effect is not applicable for descriptions of things SCP-7937 has not experienced, such as fictional stories or second hand accounts. SCP-7937 recently began showing signs of moderate Alzheimer's typical of its age. Due to this, it has become increasingly common for only partial memories to be described. In this case, the affected person experiences the described parts, skipping between portions that are not remembered. When experiencing SCP-7937's stories, the affected person retains their memories for the duration, but does not have the ability to change anything.

Prior to containment in 1967, SCP-7937 had one child, Barry Keyestone, with its ex-wife Martha White. Both are now deceased. Currently, SCP-7937's only living relative is its grandson, Ethics Liason Atlas Keyestone. SCP-7937 has been shown to become more amiable when interviewed by its grandson, who is working with research personnel to determine an origin and timeline of its anomalous abilities and encounters.

<details>
<summary>+ Open Interview Logs</summary>

**Note From Ethics Liason Atlas Keyestone:** The following is a record of my investigation into ~~my grandfather's~~ SCP-7937's abilities. These were collected over a series of interviews in the past year, during which I worked with the assigned research team for the best results.

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7937

> 

> **Interviewer:** Liason Atlas Keyestone

> 

> **Foreword:** First relevant interview. Recorded 3/10/2023

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **A. Keyestone:** Hey! Grandpa- it's me. Researchers told you I was coming.

> 

> **SCP-7937:** Oh-  tessa!  How are you?

> 

> **A. Keyestone:** It's- it's Atlas Pops. 

> 

> **SCP-7937:** Ah, yes im sorry young man- the researchers told me but my memory is spotty these days.

> 

> **A. Keyestone:** It's alright. I'm just here to ask some questions, alright?

> 

> **SCP-7937:** Yes- yes thats fine. What did you want to know?

> 

> **A. Keyestone:** [Static, rushing air] Tell me about your first weird encounter. 

> 

> **SCP-7937:** Well- It was way back in November of '65...

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:**  I would transcribe the statements given by the subject, but seeing as how I experienced them firsthand, I figured I'd describe them. I lost all my digital copies recently, so I'm uploading a scan of my notes.  Forgive the personal touch and lack of professionalism, I didn't expect to have to upload them.

November 17th, 1965

@@ @@

It was hell. That's the best I can describe it. The battle of Ia Drang was hell. Seeing war footage is one thing. Things feel different behind the screen of a TV. But seeing it in person. I digress. Battle's already done to death in wikipedia, movies, and half a million books. 

@@ @@

SCP-7937 was separated from the others, seemed to have gotten lost in the jungle away from LZ Albany. While this meant it wasn't exactly caught up in the shitstorm over there, it also meant it had to find a way back. Following the noises, the subject posted up on a small hill overlooking the outer NVA perimeter. Spotted two of them, out on patrol. Figured he'd take his shot. Once the two were down, he started moving in to link up with the rest of the 1st air cav. And of course, he managed to run into a problem.

@@ @@

I did my best to dig up the old paper files on the [GRU-P.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/gru-p-hub) My streak of good luck in getting information out of people kept up, and I managed to get the details on their presence at Ia Drang. Thaumaturges, from what I saw. Before you could say "magic" a collection of ferns besides his head burst into flames. There wasn't much else, quick chase through the jungle before pops ended up back at the LZ. But still, it was a start. I'll be going back tomorrow. 

@@ @@

A. Keyestone

**Note from Ethics Liason A. Keyestone:** Took me a few days to write this next one up, very troubling. In the end, the subject's recollection ended up making more sense than mine. Interview log below.

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7937

> 

> **Interviewer:** Liason Atlas Keyestone

> 

> **Foreword:** Recorded 3/14/2023

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **A. Keyestone:** So, let's pick off where we left off alright? What came next?

> 

> **SCP-7937:** Yes, yes. In February of '66. The uh- the camera.  

> 

> **A. Keyestone:** The camera. **Tell me about it**.

> 

> **SCP-7937:** Me and the rest of the squad were out on patrol, walking through this partially overgrown trail. It was getting dark and we were about to turn back, when we heard an awful sound. Nothing an animal could make, but it also didn't sound like any type of machine. The- the best I could describe it was how I'd imagine two mountains grinding together sounds like. Awful, really.

> 

> **SCP-7937:** Well, before we could even think about getting out of dodge, we saw the thing making that sound. It was in the *shape* of a person. But I cannot stress enough how much it wasn't. It was just- a "ripple" in the forest in the shape of a man. Still letting out that awful sound. I couldn't tell if its mouth was open, because whenever I looked at it I felt sick. We were all so confused, we forgot to run. Until it killed  ███████ of course. It didn't seem to move was the weird part, it just raised its "arm" and he was gone. 

> 

> **Post-Interview Note:** I know it's vague, but it's accurate. The man SCP-7937 called  ████████ was there for a second, then he just seemed to be swallowed up. Like that cheesy invisibility cloak CGI from Harry Potter. 

> 

> **SCP-7937:** The others started running, but I just froze. I don't know why, but all I could think to do was take a picture. I think it was the flash that scared it off, but I'll never be sure. All I know is that when I went to tell the base commander about it, he uh- I-.

> 

> [Liason Keyestone exits unresponsive state, and clears throat.] 

> 

> **A. Keyestone:** So, you think that's how you ended up with this ability?

> 

> **SCP-7937:** Yes, it only figures. 

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:**  Something doesn't sit right with me on this. This thing sounds familiar, but I can't recall from where. I'll have to do more research.

</details>

< [SCP-7936](SCP-7936) | SCP-7937 | [SCP-7938](SCP-7938) >

> **Filename:** grandad

> **Name:** 101st Airborne soldiers climbing hill Operation Harrison 1966

> **Author:** SP4 Robert C. Lafoon, DASPO

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:**  https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:NARA_111-CCV-361-CC33838_101st_Airborne_soldiers_climbing_hill_Operation_Harrison_1966.jpg
