.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7352-1 is contained in a four acre plot of forested land in ████, Michigan. This plot of land has been designed to fit the requests of SCP-7352-0 upon reading of its journal entriesSee Addendum 2504.3, as confirmed by Dr. Blacke. These additions consists of: a flower bed, primarily sunflowers, covering most of the land, a small tree house atop an artificial tree centered in the middle of the containment field, and a pond consisting of various wildlife. 

This four acre area is closed off by a large, thick and dense mesh net. The large tree in the middle of the site supports this net, giving it a dome-like structure for ease of movement for SCP-7352-1. This area is guarded by no more than three squads of three-man MTF teams in order to avoid a stressful environment for SCP-7352-1. 

---

<details>
<summary>+ Archived Containment Procedures</summary>

Due to SCP-7352's anomalous effect, containment for SCP-7352 is unnecessary, currently residing inside of SCP-7352-0. 

SCP-7352-0 is to be kept in a standardized containment cell. SCP-7352-0 may request amenities that are cleared by Dr. Blacke. Items that have been requested by SCP-7352-0 are as follows: 

* A wooden lap board. (Approved) 

* An oversized bean-bag chair. (Approved) 

* A spiral note-book. (Approved) 

* A ball-point pen. (Denied, a dulled No.2 Pencil was given instead)

* Various documentaries on the migration and descriptions of various butterflies. (Pending Approval)

* A phone call with Natalie AdamsSCP-7352-0's former partner. once a week. (Denied) 

#### Notice from Site-25 Lead Researcher Dr. Blacke.

Due to my recent time spent with SCP-7352-0 See Addendum 2504.2 , I have come to speculate that its symptoms are inversely affected by its mood at the time. Because of this, I have approved several recreational activities for it to take part in, as well as giving it menial tasks to help with in order to combat its worsening thoughts. 

Further mentions of Natalie Adams will be avoided, and measures to help SCP-7352-0 forget Ms. Adams will be considered in light of future development. 

-- Dr. Blacke, Site-25 Wildlife Research Division

</details>

---

**Description:** SCP-7352 is an indeterminate amount of anomalous butterflies, varying in both size and species. Current documentation has found that a great variety of butterflies are residing inside of ~~SCP-7352-0~~ SCP-7352-1 along with species not currently known to exist yet. Prior to SCP-7352-0's retrieval, SCP-7352 took residence inside of SCP-7352-0's body. SCP-7352's anomalous effects begin when it finds a suitable host, presumably female, for its gestation. It will attach itself to said host's body, and embed itself into any orifice that they can. SCP-7352 will then bond with the host, being unable to be removed by any means other than itself willingly coming out, or termination of the host. Known side effects of having SCP-7352 infections are as such:

* Common side effects of pregnancy relating to current host's species. Side effects are recorded to show one to two months after exposure to SCP-7352. 

* Rearranging of the host's organs to fit the needs of SCP-7352. This does not kill the host.

* Possible hallucinations from SCP-7352 itself, including subtle persuasion of taking care of its needs, satisfying nutrition, and SCP-7352 "speaking to the host".

* Enhanced recovery from small injuries.

* Possible "Metamorphosis" event.

SCP-7352-0 was a 25-year-old Russian-American woman named Vanessa Andreev, who was detained by MTF Tau-13 ("Spice Girls")See Addendum 2504.1. Prior to containment, SCP-7352-0 lived with its former spouse at the time, Natalie Adams and Ms. Adam's younger sibling.

Following its metamorphosis event, SCP-7352-0 became an instance of SCP-7352-1I'm sorry we could do nothing to stop this. I'm sorry.. SCP-7352-1 is around 193 centimeters in height, with pale white skin and strikingly blonde hair. SCP-7352-1 has taken on the appearance of several varieties of butterflies, the processes being deemed extremely painful for the host's body. Modifications to the host's body are as follows: 

* Wings sprouting from the host's back, sporting a design pattern of an unknown butterfly species, spanning 8.2 meters of wingspan. These wings have been observed to change size, shape, and color during the passing of seasons. 

* Forceful elongation of the host's limbs.

* Antennas sprouting from the host's forehead. 

* Overwriting of the host's personality. 

The personality overwriting results in a more docile and oblivious demeanor, along with wiping of the knowledge the host has accumulated over their life, such as past relationships, and history of one's self. No signs currently show that the personality shift can be reversed.

**Addendum 2504.1: MTF Tau-13  Retrieval Footage**

<details>
<summary>+ Retrieval Footage</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 02/26/03

**NOTE:** This log comes from a security camera on a house directly across the street from SCP-7352-0's former residence. Foundation staff has seized the footage for further examination.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**[03:21]:** *SCP-7352-0 is seen climbing out of its right side window.*

**[03:21]:** *SCP-7352-0 suddenly slumps following a loud gunshot, falling out of its window and slamming onto the ground, limp.*

**[03:24]** *A tall figure is seen running out of SCP-7352-0's front door.* 

**[03:24]** *Neighbors start to come outside, looming over SCP-7352-0's body. One person is seen calling the authorities.* 

**[03:25]** *First instance of SCP-7352 can be seen landing on SCP-7352-0's nose.* 

**[03:25]** *Approximately 5 more instances of SCP-7352 land on SCP-7352-0's face* 

**[03:25]** *Infestation event occurs, causing SCP-7352-0 to scream and start convulsing, clawing at its own face.*

**[03:25]** *A bystander reaches out for SCP-7352-0, grabbing its arm and pulling it to its feet.* 

**[03:26]** *SCP-7352-0 proceeds to lurch violently, vomiting butterflies onto the ground. These butterflies twitch and remain still, presumed dead.*

**[03:26]** *SCP-7352-0 screams, butterflies flowing out of its open mouth. SCP-7352 instances begin attacking the man who pulled it up. An estimated 26 SCP-7352 instances begin an infestation attempt on the man, resulting in rejection and termination of subject. They then return to SCP-7352-0, climbing their way into its ears and nose. Neighbors are heard screaming and flee the scene.* 

**[03:26]** *SCP-7352-0 collects itself, starting to weep loudly and hyperventilate. This continues on for several seconds before SCP-7352-0 appears to pass out due to shock.* 

**[03:42]** *MTF Tau-13 ("Spice Girls") arrive on scene. Squad Captain Koehn is seen leaving and talking into the van.* 

**[03:43]** *Koehn approaches SCP-7352-0 and checks its vitals, picking it up after. This immediately causes an SCP-7352 infestation attempt. Koehn quickly pulls down his visor, stopping any instances of SCP-7352 from getting to his face. Following this, Koehn lays SCP-7352-0 in the back of the van, and locks himself inside with it and the SCP-7352 instances.*

**[03:44]** *MTF Tau-13 is seen leaving the premises, leaving the deceased man's body for Foundation staff to later collect.*

---

[END LOG]

</details>

**Addendum 2504.2: Interview Logs**

> 

<details>
<summary>+ Interview Logs</summary>

> **<Begin Log, 03/04/2003, 13:41>** 

> 

> Dr. Blacke is seen walking into the interviewing room, accompanied by the MTF Tau-13 Squad Leader, Koehns. Koehns stands with his back to the door while Dr. Blacke initiates communication with SCP-7352-0, who arrived a few minutes before her. 

> 

> **Dr. Blacke:** Good morning, SCP-7352-0, how are we doing this fine evening? 

> 

> *Dr. Blacke leans back in her chair, writing on her clipboard quickly, waiting for a response.*

> 

> **SCP-7352-0:** I'm... okay? Did I do something wrong? Why am I being interviewed now? 

> 

> *SCP-7352-0 seems visibly nervous, clutching its stomach and staring at Dr. Blacke. It can be seen muttering something under its breath, but it is too quiet for the cameras to pick up. Dr. Blacke takes note of this and writes it down*

> 

> **Dr. Blacke:** Relax, I only want to talk about your past. It may give us some clues about what's going on with you, alright? 

> 

> **SCP-7352-0:** Right... What do you need to know? 

> 

> **Dr. Blacke:** I wanted to ask about previous jobs you knew, and some people you spent time with. You gave us some information before, but it wasn't anything that I could go off of, so I'd like you do go into detail. 

> 

> **SCP-7352-0:** I think I can do that. 

> 

> **Dr. Blacke:** Right. So, what past jobs have you had before, did anything come out of them?

> 

> **SCP-7352-0:** No... I had quite unremarkable jobs. I worked as a waitress, and as a daycare provider. Nothing super important... oh, and I interned at a local lab in my town. It wasn't anything special, but it was still important research.

> 

> *SCP-7352-0 seems more relaxed now, taking its hands off of its stomach and placing them on the table.*

> 

> **Dr. Blacke:** And what did you study there? Just to have it on record. 

> 

> **SCP-7352-0:** Avian insects, as well as their migration patterns. It may not seem that important, but I promise it is! 

> 

> *Dr. Black stares blankly at SCP-7352-0 for a few seconds before returning to writing on her clipboard*

> 

> **Dr. Blacke:** Anyways... Now, onto the matter of your partner, can you tell me about her at all? Natalie Adams, I think her name was? 

> 

> *SCP-7352-0 goes wide-eyed at this statement, clutching its stomach again.*

> 

> **SCP-7352-0:** I-I-I don't know if I can talk about this right now... I'm-

> 

> *SCP-7352-0 lurches, using one of its arms to support itself on the table before vomiting onto the floor. Several dead butterflies can be seen in said vomit. Dr. Blacke then sighs, cutting the interview off.*

>  

> **<End Log, 03/04/2003, 14:02>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-7352-0 will have to be treated more carefully in the future with further mentions of Ms. Adams. I was careless not to notice its body signals, but it's a learning experience. 

**<Begin Log, 05/07/2003, 13:41>** 

*Dr. Blacke meets with SCP-7352-0 alone in the interview room. Taking a more serious tone due to the sensitivity of the topic. She sits across from SCP-7352-0, jotting down notes on her clipboard again before addressing it.* 

**Dr. Blacke:** Alright, you will have to bear with me here for a few minutes. I need you to stay calm during this talk, because we can't have another incident like last time. Do you understand? 

*SCP-7352-0 stays silent, slowly nodding at Dr. Blacke.*

**Dr. Blacke:** Right, so this time we are going to be talking about your partner (*slight pause*) Natalie Adams. I want you to go over your relationship, and what happened between you two. This is important for us to understand one of the reasons you may be hurting, alright. We can't help you if you can't help us. Do you understand? 

*SCP-7352-0 stays silent again, hanging its head.*

**Dr. Blacke:** Do you understand, SCP-7352-0? 

*Dr. Blacke adopts a more serious tone in order to break through to SCP-7352-0. SCP-7352-0 looks up, nodding its head at her.*

**SCP-7352-0:** Yes... I do. I'm sorry. 

**Dr. Blacke:** Please, tell me everything. 

**SCP-7352-0:** We, um... we dated before. A few years ago, actually. I met her at a bar, and it went off from there. 

*Dr. Black nods, writing down notes on her clipboard while listening to SCP-7352-0 intently.* 

**SCP-7352-0:** She has a brother, and she was alone. She apparently took her brother away from the household he was in because her parents were... abusive. To keep it simple. But, we hit it off pretty easily, and it went from there. She moved in with me, but she didn't want to work, putting it onto me while she took care of her brother at home. It was... upsetting, but I did everything I could. To help provide for them. To help...

*SCP-7352-0's voice trails off, it looks down at its hands with a blank look in its eyes, a faint sound of fluttering being heard.*

**Dr. Blacke:** Please, continue. We aren't done yet. 

**SCP-7352-0:** We, uh... we went on dates, and everything couples would do. She was a nice woman when she wanted to be. There were times when she would get stressed out, maybe we didn't have enough money, or maybe her brother was sick and she was worried. But we always persevered. That's why when I became ill, I was bedridden for quite a while. We... fell behind. I wasn't able to work much, and I wasn't able to buy the things we needed to survive. 

*SCP-7352-0 shudders softly, tears slowly forming around its eyes.*

 **Dr. Blacke:** SCP-7352-0, calm yourself. We will get nothing done if you shut down like this, okay? 

**SCP-7352-0** I-I'm sorry. This is too much for me to handle right now. There's too much that went wrong, and it can't be fixed now. I loved her. I loved her...

 **Dr. Blacke:** We can get this over with, I just need you to relax, okay? We are almost done. 

*No recorded response from SCP-7352-0 for 30 seconds. It then holds its shoulders, stifling its tears. It nods at Dr. Blacke.*

**SCP-7352-0** I was in the hospital. For a small amount of time. A few weeks after my incident happened. I fell in the kitchen and hit my head on a table, so she took me to the hospital. I thanked her, but I think that was enough for her. She told me when she was alone with me in the room that she couldn't do this with me anymore. I asked her why, but... she just shook her head at me. 

 **Dr. Blacke:** What happened next? Please, this is important. 

**SCP-7352-0** She...she just... u-uh.. (*SCP-7352-0's voice breaks, it squeezes its shoulders tightly, tears now streaming down its face.*) She told me she was leaving. She didn't have the money to provide for herself and Jack, her brother since I wasn't working anymore. All in an instant, it was gone. 

*SCP-7352-0 can be seen hanging its head, sobbing quietly to itself.*

 **Dr. Blacke:** Please, raise your head, we still need to talk. I know you are upset about this, but in order to help you, we need to move on from this. 

(*Dr. Blacke stares intently at SCP-7352-0, but it is still unresponsive to her.*)

 **Dr. Blacke:** SCP-7352-0, please do not keep this going longer than it needs to. 

(*No response from SCP-7352-0 is seen.*)

 **Dr. Blacke:** Vanessa! (She exclaims loudly at SCP-7352-0.)

*SCP-7352-0 reacts to this, raising its head quickly, staring at the researcher.*

 **Dr. Blacke:** I think that's enough for today, I'm not sure when we will come back to this, but I will keep you notified. 

*Dr. Blacke quickly jots something down on her clipboard, standing up and walking out of the room in a hurried pace, shutting the door forcefully behind her.*

**<End Log, 05/07/2003, 14:30>**

**Closing Statement:** My recent theory suggests that Ms. Adam's lasting impact on SCP-7352-0's life are a large part of what fuels SCP-7352. No further mention of Ms. Adams will be mentioned, as it seems to cause SCP-7352-0 great distress. 

Amnestics to rid SCP-7352-0 of the memory of Ms. Adams have been deemed ineffective due to SCP-7352's anomalous effect. Further research in order to handle this problem is ongoing.

</details>

**Addendum 2504.3: Recovered Notebook logs**

       

<details>
<summary>+ Show Journal Logs</summary>

.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

    }

.page p {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

This foundation place isn't too different from the lab that I used to intern at, so I'm hoping the people here are at least somewhat nice to me. 

@@ @@

I can't tell what's happening inside of me right now, and they said they would figure it out. I'll try to as well, even though I don't really have a way to. I'll figure something out; I'm a smart girl.

@@ @@

I've only been here a few days, but it really seems like they are starting to warm up to me, at least a little bit. I mean, that lady did give me some stuff that I asked for, including this cute notebook. Some of them do come by to talk once in a while, but they still keep their distance from me. I didn't mean to hurt someone, really. I can't control these things inside of me. 

@@ @@

I miss you, Natalie.

Lately I've started to get really hungry. I've asked over and over to get more food, but they keep denying me? What the hell did I do to them? I'm stuck in this dumbass cell all day and I can't even eat when I want to? Seriously? 

@@ @@

it really hurts

@@ @@

it hurts

@@ @@

natalie... where are you?

Dr. Blacke came by. She said we have an interview tomorrow. I can't say I'm particularly excited because out last one didn't go well, but that's not important right now. I wonder what we'll talk about? Hmmmmmmmmm. Anyways, I've been thinking. Why did these butterflies choose me? I can't even begin to think about it, honestly. 

@@ @@

note to self: 

notify staff when I need my sheets changed.

maybe ask for some documentaries? 

a noise machine would be nice to sleep with.

@@ @@

i'm nervous about tomorrow.

That interview was just... so upsetting. Who does she think she is? She doesn't fucking know who Natalie is, so she needs to stop assuming shit she doesn't need to! I'm so fucking pissed off, and I CAN'T FUCKING THINK BECAUSE OF THESE THINGS INSI-

@@ @@

**[The rest of the page is torn]**

I told Dr. Blacke that the pain was getting too much to bear, and she said that she would handle it. I guess her idea of "handling it" was giving me some pain pills to counteract these things inside of me. It's not their fault they want to be safe. It really hurts, so please stop moving so much, my babies.  Some of them tell me their names, but it's too hard to remember all of them, but I'm trying my best. Regardless, she asked me to draw some butterflies to take my mind off of what was going on, so I did. It helped a little, but everything is too much now. I'm sorry, babies. Mommy will draw one of you a little bit later, okay? 

@@ @@

She asked me about what happened at my house on that night in another interview. I can't get my mind off of everything that I felt. The gunshot, the screaming, the searing pain in my chest. God. The butterflies. Them clawing their way inside of my ears, inside of my mouth. They are just scared after all. I would be too, stuck in this world with a body as fragile as theirs. I'll protect them. I have to. Mommy will take care of you. 

@@ @@

i cant remain like this anymore

Natalie... why? I... I remember when you gave me those flowers on our first date, the beautiful scent matching your striking appearance in a beautiful flurry of your bright smile and a scent that reminded me of laying in the fields on a warm summers day. I fell in love with you instantly. I fell in love with taking care of you and your brother. I fell in love with being useful to you. I never wanted to leave you. The Sunflowers... I want to be with them... even if it's only one more time. It's the only thing that can keep me sane. 

@@ @@

My babies... I'll never be alone again. I'll take care of you with everything I have. I'll never...

</details>

Following the last journal entry, SCP-7352-0 underwent its metamorphosis event, sending the site into lock down. Following this event, SCP-7352-0 became an instance of SCP-7352-1, before shortly being incapacitated by the onsite MTF unit. SCP-7352-1 was quickly moved into a secure cell, until its relocation to current containment was verified.

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email?</summary>

**To:** Dr. Blacke

**From:** Site Director Kirtpatrick

**Subject:** SCP-7352-0's Containment Relocation

**Time:** 08:17

**Date:** 01/09/2003

---

Hello,

After looking over the files you've sent me on SCP-7352-0's current condition, I went ahead and approved the requests you've made in regards to the new containment relocation. Now, in light of SCP-7352-0's requests on what is put in this new containment cell, I'll leave up to you. You and I have known each other for a long time, so I trust you to make the right calls here.

Further documentation of SCP-7352-0 must hereby be changed to SCP-7352-1.

Don't disappoint me,

Site Director Kirtpatrick

Site-25 Head Division

@@ @@

**To:** Site Director Kirtpatrick

**From:** Dr. Blacke

**Subject:** SCP-7352-0's Containment Relocation

**Time:** 09:15

**Date:** 01/09/2003

---

Good Morning,

Thank you for approving SCP-7352-0's transfer. I will update the logs posthaste, and with this, I think it may be necessary to consider reclassifying it. SCP-7352 has become docile for now, and it seems to be staying that way. I will keep you updated on further changes.

Warm regards,

Dr. Blacke

Site-25 Wildlife Research Division

P.S. Happy Birthday.

</details>

<< [SCP-7351](SCP-7351) | SCP-7352 | [SCP-7353](SCP-7353) >>
