.footnotes-footer {display: none;} 

[Want more?](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-moto-s-center-for-odd-occurrences)

**Item #:** SCP-7569

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** The area of Lake Shikotsu in which SCP-7569 resides is to be quarantined from the public under the guise of a nuclear waste spill. All SCP-7569 entities are to be accounted for twice weekly.

Should any new entities be discovered outside of the quarantine zone, similar procedures should be followed. If containment is not possible, the entities should be transferred to another quarantine zone. Any civilians who come across SCP-7569 are to be given Class-A amnestics.

**Description:** SCP-7569 refers to a race of childlike, reptilian humanoids found in Lake Shikotsu near the base of Mount Fuppushi in Hokkaido, Japan. On average, the entities are 1.2 meters in height, though outliers have been recorded as being a minimum of .8 meters and a maximum of 1.7 meters. The entities possess webbed appendages and gills.

SCP-7569 entities have been known to be mischievous, though the entities are equally aggressive towards humans. The entities can learn to speakTo date; they have been taught Japanese and English., though efforts are limited as the entities tend towards aggression. Currently, three entities have been taught to speak. 

While on land, the entities do not pose a significant threat to humanity despite their ability to terminate a human effectively using teeth and claws. So long as the entities remain on land, they are relatively simple to contain or eliminate. 

An SCP-7569 entity that finds itself in a body of water will be much more challenging to contain. SCP-7569 can move much faster in a body of water and will often use the terrain to its advantage. They have been seen to drown humans who have gotten too close before consuming the remains. 

**Discovery:** SCP-7569 was brought to Foundation attention after a series of odd interactions with Shiko HyuseThe adopted daughter of SCP-6932; an anomalous martial arts instructor that willingly submitted to containment on the condition that the Foundation did not interfere with its child.. Between 05/20/2034 and 06/30/2034, Hyuse could not be located on eight different occasions for up to three hours and was reported to be evasive about her whereabouts. 

Although the disappearances did not appear to concern [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6932 SCP-6932] or MTF Shi-2, Researcher Thomas ElwoodNewly appointed to Site 250 as the sole researcher on the former group of interest, The Yokai Hunters. felt the disappearances warranted investigation as Hyuse is currently the only translator for documents related to The Yokai Hunters.

Researcher Elwood enlisted the help of Agent DeadspaceDeadspace is considered an expert in wilderness tracking. to track the child down. Agent Deadspace located Hyuse on the northern side of Mount Fuppushi during one of her disappearances. Though Hyuse returned to the site, she refused to elaborate on where she had been. 

During Hyuse's subsequent disappearance on 07/12/2034, Agent Deadspace was able to track the child to Lake Shikotsu, where she was seen to be engaged with an SCP-7569 entity. The entity grew aggressive when Agent Deadspace approached, though it made no move to harm Hyuse. Hyuse appeared resentful but returned to Site 250 without a word. 

Researcher Elwood ordered MTF Shi-2 to capture one of the SCP-7569 entities for study. The team was unable to locate any of the entities, however. 

**Addendum 7569-1:** After seven failed attemptsIt is now believed Hyuse had been warning the entities of Deadspace's presence., Agent Deadspace was able to locate and contain one of the SCP-7569 entities. It was reported that Hyuse was present when the entity was brought in, and her protests were recorded. The entity was heard screaming for help but received no assistance. 

Researcher Elwood began tests on the SCP-7569 entity to determine its anomalous effects, later interrogating Hyuse to learn why she was keeping SCP-7569 a secret.

<details>
<summary>Open Interview 7569.1</summary>

**Interviewed:** Shiko Hyuse

**Interviewer:** Researcher Elwood

**<Begin Log>**

**Elwood:** Why did you keep them a secret?

*<Hyuse is reported as refusing to look towards Deadspace.>*

**Elwood:** Why do you go into the woods?

*<Hyuse remains silent.>*

**Elwood:** This will go easier if you cooperate. Now, tell me, when did you first learn of those creatures?

*<Hyuse continues her silence. Elwood slams his hands down on the table. Hyuse jumps.>*

**Elwood:** Look, I don't have time to be screwing around with a child. Tell me what we're in here for.

*<Hyuse turns away from Elwood. Elwood sighs.>*

**Elwood:** Last chance, kid.

*<Hyuse continues to ignore Elwood. Elwood responds by grabbing Hyuse by the wrist before beginning his questioning once more. Hyuse ignores him and attempts to escape.>*

**Hyuse:** Let. Go.

**Elwood:** Now you feel like talking? Good. Answer the questions; then you'll be free to go.

*<Hyuse doesn't answer. Instead, she frees herself as Elwood complains. Hyuse yelps before a thud is heard.>* 

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:** Both parties sustained minor injuries and have been disciplined.

</details>

**Addendum 7569-2:** On 07/20/2034, Hyuse was seen to leave Site 250 alongside three instances of SCP-7569. Researcher Elwood ordered MTF Shi-2 Commander Bill Anders to retrieve Hyuse. 

<details>
<summary>Open Video Log 7569.1</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 07/20/2034

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**14:09** *<Anders is seen to be making his way through the forest of Mount Fuppushi. Anders is heard speaking to himself.>*

**14:10: Anders:** Stupid, stuck-up researcher... Send an MTF to retrieve a kid; who does he think he is? It's no wonder Shiko doesn't like him.

**14:10:** **Anders:** Bastards just mad 'cause... Oh, there she is! 

**14:11:** *<Anders begins to move towards Hyuse. There are six SCP-7569 entitiesHenceforth referred to as SCP-7569-1 through SCP-7569-6. around her, which appear to grow protective as Anders approaches.>*

**14:12:** **Hyuse:** It's alright. He won't hurt you.

**14:12:** **SCP-7569-1:** You hurt, they you hurt. They us hurt!

**14:13:** **Hyuse:** I know, but he didn't hurt any of us... Did you come here to take me back, Mr. Anders? 

**14:13:** *<A laugh is heard from Anders. Hyuse is seen protecting her broken wrist for several seconds.>*

**14:14:** **Anders:** That's what I was sent to do, but screw it. Elwood's got a stick so far up his ass it's coming out his mouth. I'm just glad to get away from him.

**14:15:** **Hyuse:** Thanks... If you're not here for me, are you going to do something about them?

**14:15:** *<Anders is quiet for several seconds as the camera pans over the group. Several of the entities grow more protective of Hyuse.>*

**14:16:** **Anders:** Way I see it, a kid your age needs friends. Seems like you found some. Mind if I sit?

**14:16:** *<Hyuse visibly relaxes, as do the SCP-7569 entities. Anders takes a seat on a nearby rock.>*

**14:17:** **Hyuse:** Elwood still mad? The only time he's talked to me recently was to yell at me. 

**14:17:** **Anders:** Still as irritable as ever. What'd he do this time?

**14:18: Hyuse:** Told me I should stay out of his way because I'm not a researcher. Even though I'm stuck here just as much as the rest of you. Mr. Erickson never saw it that way...

**14:18: Anders:** Well, Elwood is the lead researcher here. If he doesn't want anyone in his way, that's his right, even if he's an ass about it. You'd think basic manners were beyond him.  

*<Hyuse laughs. The SCP-7569 instances around her begin to disperse.>*

**14:20: Anders:** You always come out here?

**14:20:** **Hyuse:** Yeah, it's usually pretty quiet. Well, when these guys aren't here, at least. 

**14:21:** *<SCP-7569-2 is seen grabbing Anders' camera and rushing off with it. The camera ends up underwater as Anders calls for its return.>*

**14:22:** *<Hyuse is seen jumping into the lake, diving toward the camera. She appears amused. She grabs the device and surfaces.>*

**14:23:** **Hyuse:** Here. I wouldn't recommend diving in yourself, though. I've seen them eating someone who happened to be swimming too close to their nest. 

**14:23:** **Anders:** I... What? You have no problems being so close to something you've seen to be dangerous?

**14:24:** *<Anders shifts, placing a knife on his lap.>*

**14:24: Hyuse:** No? It's not that different than what you all do. Something gets too close to a site and they get shot or drugged. And Dad's stories say that most yokai aren't harmful unless something's bothering them. 

**14:25: Anders:** Why are they fine with you, then? They seem more than happy to have you around.

**14:25:** **Hyuse:** Back at the beginning of summer, when we had that big storm, a couple of them were trapped. I happened to come out here the next day and found them. I saved a couple of the babies, which seemed to do the trick. I think it was a combination of my aid and the fact that I wasn't scared of 'em. These guys are smarter than they look. 

**14:26:** *<Several of the entities are seen splashing around. Another is sitting on a rock overlooking the lake before being pushed in by the final entity. Hyuse laughs.>*

**14:26:** **Anders:** If you want to stay for a while, we can. I don't want to go back any more than you do. *<Hyuse nods.>*

---

[END LOG]

</details>

Security around Lake Shikotsu has been increased.

**Addendum 7569-3:** After an argument between Researcher Elwood and Hyuse resulted in Elwood receiving a broken nose, Hyuse disappeared. Due to the nature of SCP-7569, there was a concern that the entities had terminated Hyuse; however, she was eventually located alongside the SCP-7569 entities. Hyuse had created a small campsite near Lake Shikotsu. Several of the entities were seen helping her, though they grew violent when MTF Shi-2 located the group. 

Hyuse appeared upset and refused to return with the team, which caused the SCP-7569 entities to begin chasing the group. While they did not follow the MTF out of sight of Hyuse, they continued to pose a problem for the staff. 

After MTF Agents Hawke and Tethras were injured,Neither sustained severe injuries, leading to the suspicion that the creatures were trying to chase the pair away. Commander Anders made his way to Hyuse. 

<details>
<summary>Open Video Log 7569.2</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 07/23/2034

**NOTE:** Researcher Elwood has had a formal complaint filed against him for his actions, as described by Hyuse in the following video. 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**16:00:** *<Anders approaches the makeshift campsite. There are currently four entities within one meter of Hyuse. Hyuse appears to be cheerful.>*

**16:01:** *<The entities notice Anders. While they make no move towards Anders, the creatures move to protect Hyuse.>*

**16:02:** **Anders:** Easy. I just want to know what's going on. Can we talk?

**16:02:** *<Hyuse sighs, then nods. The SCP-7569 entities appear apprehensive but allow Anders to approach.>*

**16:03:** **Anders:** You've been out here for days. Mind telling me what's wrong?

**16:03:** *<Hyuse is silent for several seconds before looking at Anders.>*

**16:04:** **Hyuse:** You know how, since Mr. Halo left for a while, he gave me his keystoneKeystones are the only way to enter SCP-7567. Without one, anyone attempting to enter will be randomly placed somewhere on Mount Fuppushi. There are only two known Keystones.?

**16:04:** **Anders:** Elwood took your keystone?! Surely KuroSCP-7567-3; the archivist for the documents in SCP-7569-2. It tests every person that enters SCP-7567-2 and removes those who do not pass. wouldn't allow that?

**16:05:** **Hyuse:** He won't, but that self-righteous butthole was so smug about it. He's been insecure since he got here 'cause he's just a junior researcher, and I've got seniority here. I might be here as a translator, but I've done more research into the Hunters than he ever willThe previous lead researcher, Errhen Errickson, had Hyuse aiding in his research. Since his death, Hyuse has been continuing on her own.. 

**16:05:** **Anders:** Well, since I'm reasonably sure this would fall under 'unauthorized access,' I think I can get it back for you. Would you come back to the site when I get it?

**16:06:** **Hyuse:** I want an apology. 

**16:06:** **Anders:** I'll see what I can manage.

---

[END LOG]

</details>

After returning to Site 250, Commander Anders confronted Researcher Elwood. Elwood claimed that since Hyuse's position was temporary, she should not have been trusted with access to an SCP. However; during the ensuing argumentThe argument ensued in the forest near Site-250. several SCP-7569 entities appeared before kidnapping Elwood. Anders was unable to stop it.

Elwood was later located on the east side of Mount Fuppushi claiming that the creatures had robbed him. The only thing that was missing from Elwood's possession was the keystone in question. Hyuse returned to the site later that day, though claimed she had nothing to do with the incident. 

**Addendum 7569-4:** Hyuse has taken several more trips to Lake Shikotsu to study the SCP-7569 entities. The results of the study have been transcribed below. As they were kept in a personal journal by Hyuse, they do not currently conform to Foundation standards. 

<details>
<summary>Open Research Notes</summary>

> I visited the creatures today. They were somewhat wary the first time I found them, but I'm glad they overcame it. They seem grateful I helped them save their kid, if you can call it that. I don't know much about them, but they like the same lake I do, so they can't be all bad!

> 

> These guys seem alright, even if they are mischievous. They threw me in the lake, but that's alright. They didn't mean me any harm, and I didn't have anything on me. 

> 

> It's quiet out here, and no one knows where this is. I think I'll come back. Mr. Erickson taught me how to be a researcher, so I think I'll investigate these guys some more before anyone else finds them. 

> They're smarter than I thought. I saw them writing in the mud in some unknown language. Still, I was able to understand it. I had the idea that maybe they could learn to speak. They can clearly read, so I figured they should be able to if they have the correct anatomy. 

> 

> I tried talking to one, but all I got was an odd grumble. Maybe English was too hard for them? Since Dad taught me Japanese, I tried that. They still couldn't form a whole word, but they managed a few sounds. I wonder if I can get a few more to learn too!

> After Elwood yelled at me again, I came back out here. Dad always says you shouldn't strike out of anger and that you should use your skills to protect people, so I left to cool off. These guys seemed to pick up on that and grew protective of me. 

> 

> I don't think they're necessarily evil creatures. I saw them attack someone who had ventured nearby, but it seemed like they were protecting their territory. I was nearly attacked, too, the first time I came near them. I think if we can keep people out of this area, it'll be enough to keep everyone safe. 

> 

> I would bring it up with Elwood, but besides being incredibly dense, he's an insufferable prick. I don't think it would be a good idea to tell him about these guys. I'll figure something out that should work and put in a request myself. 

> My efforts to teach them to speak have begun to pay off. They've learned to communicate, if only through basic sentences, but it's a start. I think I could try to talk to them about staying put, but there's a bigger problem here. 

> 

> They were able to tell me that they're part of a much larger species. Apparently, they live in remote areas all over Japan. They don't like to deal with humans, but they're not opposed to attacking anyone who gets too close. According to them, they've been here longer than humans. I wonder if it's true. I might ask Kuro about it when I get back. 

> According to what I got from Kuro, the Hunters referred to these guys as 'Kappa' and gave the ones they knew about designations that started with 'K.' Most of the notes confirmed what I already knew, but there was also something there that I didn't quite understand. 

> 

> I thought about asking Dad about it, but I'm not sure he would know either. I guess I'll ask Kuro about it tomorrow. Since these were his notes, he should be able to explain them to me. 

> Ugh, I don't understand this. From what I got from Dad and Kuro ~~the kap-no, I think they're labeled as an SCP now,~~ Someone's bringing the 'yokai' back. I'm not sure I understand it all, but apparently, most of the 'yokai' died out a long time ago. Dad was confident he hadn't seen another one in centuries. 

> 

> I tried asking Kuro for more information, but he just got this look and walked off. He came back and gave me another stack of papers. I haven't had the chance to go through them yet, but just from skimming a few, I can tell I've stumbled upon something much bigger.

</details>

Hyuse is in the process of translating and archiving material collected during her last visit to SCP-7567. The relevance of these texts, and their connection to SCP-7569 is yet to be seen.  

<< [SCP-7568](SCP-7568) | SCP-7569 | [SCP-7570](SCP-7570) >>
