**Item #:** SCP-7972

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7972 has been relocated whole from its original location in █████████████, Florida, to the Site-17 Alpha-187 Large Items Repository. Motion detectors have been installed in each room of SCP-7972. Autonomous activation is not expected. Requests for testing or transfer should be directed to Dr. Michael Pedersen Jr., Site-17 Department of Psychology, Early Childhood Welfare Division.

**Description:** SCP-7972 designates a two-storey, four-bedroom modular home constructed by the Bensonwood Company in 1974. Its interior contains appliances and furniture appropriate in type and number for a single-family home in the early 1980s. Furnishings exhibit minor wear consistent with roughly a decade of occupation. While the Bensonwood Company has records of 1,321 sales of modular homes to █████████████, Florida, no records of a purchase at SCP-7972's original address have been found. The plot of land originally occupied by the home remains unsold as per █████████████ property recordsThis was not unusual as similar discrepancies were also noted for 16 additional unoccupied Bensonwood homes located in █████████████, Florida..

Appliances found in the home exhibit multiple irregularities from their manufactured forms:

Each of the ██ ceiling-mounted light fixtures in the home contains a General Electric-branded incandescent A19 60W light bulb (model no. BE49X1c.f. United States Consumer Product Safety Comission (USCPSC) recall #82-053, dated 17/08/1982.) manufactured in the continental United States sometime between 1982 and 1984. The filament has been replaced with a thick strand of copper wire threaded through with three or four human phalangeal bones. Application of electric current initiates combustion of the makeshift filament via an unknown mechanism. When lit, the bones are observed to bend and twitch against the bulb glass due to thermal expansion of the wire.

Each of the ██ toasters in the home is a Black & Decker-branded extra-wide slot 4-slice electric toaster (model no. TR0057c.f. USCPSC recall #83-023, dated 06/04/1983.) manufactured in the continental United States sometime between 1982 and 1984. Eight strands of copper wire have been crudely welded to the heating grilles of each toaster along which two or three human phalangeal bones have been threaded. When heated, the bones produce an audible scraping against the aluminum back plate due to thermal expansion of the wire.

Each of the ██ hair dryers in the home is a Major International-branded electric hair dryer (model no. 1280c.f. USCPSC recall #83-140, dated 22/11/1983.) manufactured in the continental United States sometime between 1982 and 1984. Unscrewing the casing reveals that each individual blade of the fan mechanism has been replaced with two to three human phalangeal bones strung along a strand of copper wire. Standard operation causes the bones to curl around the heating element of the unit repeatedly due to thermal expansion of the wires.

Each of the above appliances is connected to one of 24 live electrical outlets in the home via ███ concatenated American Electronics powerstrips (model no. A-150Ac.f. USCPSC recall #84-251, dated 13/10/1984.) manufactured in the continental United States sometime between 1982 and 1984. Examination of the plugs of each powerstrip reveals that each of the conductive prongs have been replaced ████████████████████ extending into the drywall. Continuous operation ████████████████████████████████████ odour, likely due to thermal expansion of the plastic.

59.64% of identified DNA fragments recovered from SCP-7972 originate from individuals who had received reconstructive orthopedic care at the Miami Valley Teaching Hospital between 1982 and 1986. None could recall the circumstances of their injuries. However, video analysis of phalangeal movements within SCP-7972 suggest behavioural patterns not incompatible with the ██████████ of human subjects between the ages of ████████c.f. Pedersen, 1995a..

<< [SCP-7971](SCP-7971) | SCP-7972 | [SCP-7973](SCP-7973) >>

=====

> **Filename:** image.jpg

> **Name:** Prefab Gabalfa - Esszimmer.jpg

> **Author:** Wolfgang Sauber

> **License:** GNU Free Documentation License

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Prefab_Gabalfa_-_Esszimmer.jpg)

=====
