**Special Containment Procedures:** MTF Eta-5 ("Jäeger Bombers") is to monitor North America for mass disappearances in small towns or other human settlements during periods of dense fog and/or blizzards. If these circumstances are met, a mechanized infantry platoon consisting of MTF Eta-5 operatives is to be sent to the location and deduce if SCP-7647 is responsible. The platoon should attempt to subdue the SCP-7647 instance, though instances often demanifest before a platoon can be deployed. Operatives are to question civilians that were within close proximity to the instance to possibly gain more information on SCP-7647. The remaining civilian population should be dealt with on a case-by-case basis.

**Description:** SCP-7647 is a species of massive carnivorous invertebrates that will often manifest in or around small human settlements in North America which are obscured by fog, snow or smoke thick enough to prevent outside observation, and will demanifest when the obscuring agent begins to dissipate. Due to this, obtaining a proper description of an SCP-7647 instance has proven difficult. Up until 2010, questioning individuals that were within close proximity to an instance has been the optimal method to obtain a description of the species.Instances of SCP-7647 have been spotted over 20 times in the last century.

Witnesses of SCP-7647 typically describe it having a pulsating cylindrical body with an average height estimate of 300m. An abundance of tendrils capable of reaching up to 1 km in length are seen  sprouting from bulbous lumps that are said to irregularly protrude from the body. Tendrils located on the lower half of the body are anchored into the ground similarly to tree roots, in addition, tendrils on the upper half are used for the feeding process. The number of tendrils is difficult to quantify however according to several witnesses “there are so many they almost block out the sky”. The skin of the species is often described as pale or semi translucent, with an abundance of 1m wide black boils that are presumed to be eyes.

Lead researcher on SCP-7647 Leevi Markham hypothesizes that the species manifests in small rural towns due to the wide stretch of open areas compared to metropolitan cities with larger amounts of tall structures making it difficult for an instance to manifest.

Update|13/09/1998: A video recording of SCP-7647 was retrieved demonstrating the species’ feeding methods (see Addendum 7647-1). The species feed by manoeuvring their tendrils through areas populated by people and/or animals. Once these tendrils make contact with a creature, the area of the tendril that made contact will partially dissolve into a thick liquid solution and rapidly engulf its victims through its skin. The area will then re-solidify when the creature is fully engulfed. It's currently assumed SCP-7647 victims either drown or suffocate when engulfed into an instance.

**Addendum 7647-1:** A video recording of an SCP-7647 manifestation was retrieved in Preston County, West Virginia, USA. The video was recorded on a Betamax camcorder previously owned by the Haywood family.

> = **VIDEO LOG 7647-1**

> ~~-~~-

> **DATE:** 22/08/1998

> 

> **NOTE:** Preston County was covered in dense fog during the night limiting visibility to 100m.

> ~~-~~-

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **[03:21:02]:** *(Camcorder is pointed at a glass sliding door and is focused on a tree line 5m away.)*

> 

> **Jackson Haywood:** Okay I got the camera working. Can you see anything?

> 

> **Caitlyn Haywood:** No, not yet.

> 

> **[03:25:33]:** *(The sounds of several trees snapping and falling over can be heard emanating from the forest.)*

> 

> **Jackson Haywood:** Jesus Christ! It's 3 in the morning, trees keep falling down, the kids can't sleep, neither can we!

> 

> **Caitlyn Haywood:** Hey look, the police finally decided to show up.

> 

> **[03:26:01]:** *(Jackson Haywood turns around and focuses the camcorder through the living room window on red and blue flashing lights in the fog.)*

> 

> **[03:26:07]:** *(The red and blue flashing lights rapidly ascend out of view.)*

> 

> **[03:26:16]:** *(Jackson Haywood walks to the living room window and points the camcorder up at the sky.)*

> 

> **Caitlyn Haywood:** Was that a drone or something? 

> 

> **Jackson Haywood:** I don't know, I don’t see anything.

> 

> **[03:27:04]:** *(The camcorder pans back down to see the neighbour across the street walk outside with a flashlight and point it upwards.)*

> 

> **[03:27:55]:** *(Suddenly he drops the flashlight and runs back inside.)*

> 

> **[03:28:10]:** *(2 large tendrils descend onto the neighbours house manoeuvring inside through the front door and breaking through the roof. The walls began to bend and crack due to the tendrils writhing inside. Then the house is lifted off its foundation and disappears into the fog.)*

> 

> **Jackson Haywood:** Holy shit. We gotta leave! Get the kids and come to the garage! 

> 

> **[03:29:02]:** *(Caitlyn Haywood runs down the hallway as Jackson Haywood runs into the garage, grabs a shotgun off the gun rack and places both the gun and the camcorder on the dash of his car.)*

> 

> **Logan Haywood:** Daddy what's going on?

> 

> **Jackson Haywood:** We’re just going to leave home for a bit. Now get in the car.

> 

> **Caitlyn Haywood:** What about what happened to the cop car?

> 

> **Jackson Haywood:** I’ll keep all the lights off. Now come on, let's go.

> 

> **[03:31:14]:** *(Jackson Haywood opens the garage door and runs back to the car. The car then accelerates out of the garage and down the road, passing 2 demolished houses and a stationary semi truck with the roof torn off.)*

> 

> **Logan Haywood:** Daddy, where are we going? 

> 

> **Mikayla Haywood:** Why is Mommy holding a gun?

> 

> **Logan Haywood:** Are we going hunting?

> 

> **Mikayla Haywood:** I thought we can’t go hunting till we’re older.

> 

> **Jackson Haywood:** Um, yeah I figured-

> 

> **Caitlyn Haywood:** Deer!

> 

> **[03:36:45]:** *(The car comes to an abrupt stop just before hitting the deer.)*

> 

> **[03:36:49]:** *(Sounds of collapsing trees rapidly increasing in volume can be heard originating from the forest to the left of the car.)*

> 

> **[03:37:11]:** *(The car goes into reverse just as a tendril erupts from the forest and slams down on the deer. Logan and Mikayla Haywood begin screaming and crying in the back seats.)*

> 

> **[03:37:26]:** *(The tendril begins pursuing the car so Caitlyn Haywood leans out of the passenger side window with the shotgun and fires 3 rounds at the tendril to no effect.)*

> 

> **[03:37:43]:** *(With one swipe the tendril tears the roof off the car and sends it careening into a ditch. The camcorder is sent flying out of the car and lands upside down, pointing at an open field.)*

> 

> **[03:39:57]:** *(Jackson Haywood can be seen stumbling into view then falling to his knees. The tendril with Mikayla Haywood’s body visible through its skin dissolves into a liquid solution and engulfs him.)*

> 

> **[03:45:31]:** *(The fog begins to dissipate revealing a partial outline of an SCP-7647 instance approximately 500m from the camcorder.)*

> 

> **[03:47:19]:** *(As the fog continues to dissipate the outline of the instance gradually fades away until it becomes no longer visible.)*

> 

> [END LOG]

The camcorder was retrieved by MTF Eta-5 operatives the following day. A cover story about a tornado was disseminated to the public to explain the damage and loss of life.

**Addendum 7647-2|Experiment Log-7647:** Researcher Leevi Markham conducted an experiment to better observe the behaviour of SCP-7647 in its natural habitat and to implant a GPS tracking device into the entity’s hide by use of a TK-1 specialized projectileA projectile weapon developed by the Foundation to pierce the skin of LSAs.. To achieve this a fake town consisting of 22 wood houses was constructed in the Caniapiscau Region of Quebec, Canada. The fake town will now be referred to as site-7647. Site-7647 was then filled with 90 *Bos taurus* (Cattle) and masked in a smoke screen to make it more enticing for an instance of SCP-7647 to manifest. 7 M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems (HIMARS) were stationed around site-7647 as a cautionary measure.

> = **VIDEO LOG 7647-2**

> ~~-~~-

> **DATE:** 16/09/2010

> 

> **NOTE:** Site-7647 was engulfed in smoke for 5 days before an SCP-7647 instance manifested.

> ~~-~~-

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **[13:08:41]:** *(Sounds of panicking cattle can be heard emanating from site-7647.)*

> 

> **[13:10:22]:** *(A white tendril can be seen emerging from the smoke.)*

> 

> **[13:11:01]:** *(Smoke generators are turned off and the heavy duty industrial fans placed inside site-7647 are turned on.)*

> 

> **[13:15:45]:** *(70% of the smoke is blown away, revealing an SCP-7647 instance. The instance stands on 5 long muscular appendages partially submerged in the ground. Its cylindrical body possesses an estimated 2000 tendrils covered in black boils and a particularly larger boil situated on the top of the entity.*Leevi Markham remarked that the instance closely resembles a birch tree in appearance aside from the large boil.*)*

> 

> **[13:16:17]:** *(The SCP-7647 instance stops feeding and freezes in place. Then starts the process to demanifest. The perimeter of the instance begins to blur and fade away gradually.)*

> 

> **[13:17:19]:** *(Clouds above site-7647 begin to swirl together forming a 500m wide vortex.)*

> 

> **[13:17:38]:** *(The SCP-7647 instance wraps its tendrils around the large boil, completely covering the part facing the vortex.)*

> 

> **[13:18:51]:** *(3 large gray tendrils with backward-facing barbed quills rapidly descend from the vortex and embed themselves deep into the SCP-7647 instance.)*

> 

> **[13:19:44]:** *(The SCP-7647 instance attempts to dislodge the 3 large tendrils from its body by constricting them with its own tendrils.)*

> 

> **[13:20:30]:** *(The area of the SCP-7647 instance surrounding the 3 large tendrils begins to liquefy, allowing the instance to dislodge one of the 3 tendrils. The dislodged tendril immediately embeds itself again in a different location on the instance.)*

> 

> **[13:23:34]:** *(Researcher Leevi Markham orders the specialized projectile to be fired at one of the 3 large tendrils.)*

> 

> **[13:23:53]:** *(HIMARS number 1 launches the TK-1 specialized projectile and the GPS tracking device is successfully implanted beneath the skin of a tendril.)*

> 

> **[13:25:08]:** *(The 3 large tendrils manage to rip the SCP-7647 instance out of the ground and hoist it up into the vortex.)*

> 

> **[13:36:18]:** *(A tendril with an orifice on its extremity descends from the clouds to regurgitate a large quantity of partially digested skeletons onto site-7647.)*

> 

> **[13:38:51]:** *(The vortex above site-7647 swiftly dissipates once the tendril with an orifice retracts back into it.)*

> 

> [END LOG]

Following the events of Experiment-7647, researchers now theorize that the SCP-7647 species utilizes fog and snow as a form of concealment to remain hidden from the LSA (Large-Scale Aggressor). The signal of the GPS tracking device implanted in the LSA was lost following the dissipation of the vortex. Despite this, the signal has occasionally re-emerged during bouts of dense fog and blizzards. MTF Eta-5 is to monitor North America for a re-emergence of the signal.

A total of 1309 partially digested human and animal skeletons were recovered from site-7647 and moved to site-43 for analysis. Out of the 672 human skeletons, 259 skeletons were a DNA match to individuals who are currently alive or have died of unrelated causes. 185 of the 637 animal skeletons were unrecognizable to researchers due to abnormal bone structure, inconclusive DNA samples, copper bones, and advanced cybernetic implants.

> **Leevi Markham’s research notes on the origin of the digested remains and LSA.** 

> 

> My working theory is that the SCP-7647 species originates from parallel universes. When an instance demanifest in our world, it is potentially manifesting in another and feeding on the inhabitants or vice versa which would provide an explanation for the preternatural skeletons. To give an example, there are 5 skeletons that are an exact DNA match to a man currently living in Wainfleet, Ontario, Canada a town that SCP-7647 has never manifested in. As for the LSA, it is possibly an apex predator higher up on their food chain and considering how it regurgitated the bones of what the SCP-7647 instance ate and ignored the remaining cattle, there is a possibility that it doesn't hunt vertebrates. More research will need to be done on the LSA, perhaps through conducting additional experiments.

**Addendum 7647-3:** Inspired by his experiment involving SCP-7647, researcher Leevi Markham proposed a solution to deal with the lack of proper containment procedures for the species.

> = **SCP-7647 Neutralization Proposal Summary**

> = PROJECT FAMELICOSE

> Due to the average size of a SCP-7647 specimen and its ability to manifest and demanifest, neutralization of the species may be preferable to standard containment procedures. To achieve neutralization, Experiment 7647 would be repeated in rural areas across North America until the SCP-7647 threat is completely eradicated.

> 

> O5 Council – REJECTED

> Ethics Committee – REJECTED

> 

> **Response from Ethics Committee:** It is unknown how the LSA that appeared during the experiment would react if what could be one of its main food sources is “eradicated”. There is a possibility that it will associate humans with food and may become aggressive when said food is no longer supplied. It may lash out at the civilian population and possibly even result in higher casualties than a SCP-7647 manifestation. On average a SCP-7647 manifestation occurs twice a decade and in rural/low populated areas resulting in low casualties and few witnesses. Compare this to the LSA which should have few problems manifesting above a major city.  The current containment procedures will suffice until more can be learned about the species.

<< [SCP-7646](SCP-7646) | SCP-7647 | [SCP-7648](SCP-7648) >>
