.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

@@ @@

**SCP-7605 "Exhausting All Options" by:** 

@@ @@

### [★ DrAkimoto's Author Page ★](http://www.scp-wiki.net/drakimoto-s-author-page)

@@@@

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION INTERNAL SECURITY DIVISION

This file has been flagged for suspicious activity and is currently under investigation.

-- Steven Kuzzo, Romeo 1 Team Lead, ISD

@@ @@

#### ****Special Containment Procedures****

SCP-7605 is currently uncontained; Site-51 Security Team Charlie is tasked with the investigation and eventual apprehension of SCP-7605.

A total of 26 additional surveillance cameras are placed at various vantage points within Site-51 parking garage sublevels  2, 3, and 5. In addition to cameras, various anomalous and non-anomalous sensors have been deployed. Foundation personnel are instructed to park in the designated zones on sublevels 1, 4, and 6; access to sublevels 2, 3, and 5 is strictly forbidden with the exception of Junior Researcher Lincoln Meyer and Security Team Charlie.

All victims of SCP-7605 are to file a monetary compensation form (A1Y-O) with the Site-51 Human Resources Department; Compensation will be allocated from the Site-51 Auxiliary Resource Fund.

#### ****Description****

SCP-7605 is an entity of unknown origin, first appearing within the Site-51 parking garage. Only one visual confirmation of the entity has been captured and it appears to be a six-limbed amorphous being composed of an unknown viscous material. It is theorized based on its behavior that SCP-7605 subsists off rhodium, palladium and platinum; or is at the very least, drawn to objects containing these ingredients. 

Due to a lack of testable evidence no further information regarding SCP-7605 is available.

#### ****Addendum 7605/1:****

The Foundation initially encountered SCP-7605 on 2022/11/14, when a total of 12 catalytic converters were stolen from cars within Site-51 parking garage sublevel 2. Security Team Charlie was tasked with the investigation of the occurrence. Eight additional cameras were placed around sublevel 2 and patrols were established for the remaining sublevels.

#### ****Addendum 7605/2:****

During the night of 2022/11/17, 13 catalytic converters were stolen on sublevel 5. The only photographic evidence of SCP-7605 was taken by Security Officer Rick Daley during this incursion. The following morning, Junior Researcher Meyer volunteered to investigate and catalog SCP-7605, enlisting the help of several members of Security Team Charlie. 

The following interview of Security Officer Daley was conducted shortly after the response team approval:

<details>
<summary>■ Interview Transcript</summary>

> **Date | Time:** 2022/11/17 | 07:35

> 

> **Interviewed:** Security Officer Rick Daley

> 

> **Interviewer:** Junior Researcher Lincoln Meyer 

> 

> **Foreword:** Interview conducted to detail an encounter with SCP-7605.

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Sorry to keep you past clockout, Rick; I'll try to make this brief.

> 

> **Officer Daley:** Yeah okay, sure.

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Can you please describe what you were doing when you encountered, uh, let's see here-- *[papers can be heard shuffling]* SCP-7605?

> 

> **Officer Daley:** Well, I was um, I was checking my phone, I had received a notification and was seeing what it was.

> 

> **JR Meyer:** And just for the record, this was around 02:00, on sublevel 5?

> 

> **Officer Daley:** Yeah-- that's what's in the report, right?

> 

> **JR Meyer:** So what happened-- how did you come upon SCP-7605?

> 

> **Officer Daley:** I uh... Listen, I don't know if I shou--

> 

> *[Shuffling can be heard, followed by a click. Audio interrupted.]*

> 

> *[Audio resumes.]*

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Sorry about that, must've forgotten to check the batteries. Please continue, you were about to tell me how you found the entity.

> 

> **Officer Daley:** Yeah, right. Anyway, I heard a noise down by the elevators closest to me and yeah, that's when I saw it. Barely had time to react-- so I uh, took a picture with my phone, since it was already out and all.

> 

> **JR Meyer:**  Were you able to identify what it was carrying?

> 

> **Officer Daley:** Well, uh, yeah it was one of them catalyst converters.

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Catalytic, you mean.

> 

> **Officer Daley:** Yeah sure, one of those-- you know what I mean.

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Sorry; so what happened after your initial sighting?

> 

> **Officer Daley:** I reached for my radio to call for backup and when I looked back up it was already gone. Don't really know where it went.

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Interesting.

> 

> **Officer Daley:** Yeah... If you say so.

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Okay-- well I think that's all I need, Rick; thanks for your time. I'll see you tonight.

> 

> **Officer Daley:** Sure, I'ma get out of here.

> 

> **<End Log>**

</details>

#### ****Addendum 7605/3:****

 On 2022/11/21, 32 additional cars were stripped of catalytic converters on sublevel 3. In each incursion SCP-7605 either avoided or destroyed cameras placed around cars on which the thefts occured. Security Officer Noel Wright was approached by SCP-7605 during her security check of sublevel 3. Fearing for her safety, Officer Wright fired her standard issue sidearm at the entity; it emitted a high pitched tone before disintegrating, leaving no remains. The following interview was conducted shortly after the incident:

<details>
<summary>■ Interview Transcript</summary>

> **Date|Time:** 2022/11/21|04:35

> 

> **Interviewed:** Security Officer Noel Wright

> 

> **Interviewer:** Junior Researcher Lincoln Meyer 

> 

> **Foreword:** Interview conducted to detail an encounter with SCP-7605.

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Officer Wright:**  Let's get this done with, Lincoln; it's been a long night.

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Absolutely, can you run me through what happened?

> 

> **Officer Wright:** I was walking down the left bay of sublevel 3, right by the bathroom and I--

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Sorry to interrupt, but around what time was this?

> 

> **Officer Wright:** It was 02:30 when I entered the sublevel, so some time shortly after that. Can I continue?

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Of course, sorry.

> 

> **Officer Wright** So~~ I was walking down that side when I heard some clanking, banging type noise coming from one of the cars. Then I~~

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Was the entity removing the catalytic converter from--

> 

> **Officer Wright:** I'm getting there, Lincoln; just let me say my thing, geez.

> 

> **JR Meyer:** Please, continue. 

> 

> **Officer Wright:** As I was saying, I pulled out my sidearm and made my way towards the noise. This fucker came out from under the car waving that converter around like a damn bat. So I shot it, I don't remember, 3-4 times probably. Thing just kinda disappeared after that.

> 

> **JR Meyer:**  What about the catalytic converter?

> 

> **Officer Wright:** Shit, yeah, I guess it just disappeared with it, right? 

> 

> **JR Meyer:**  Yeah, that's all I need, Noel, thanks.

> 

> **Officer Wright:** No problem, but hey, let's *not* do this again.

> 

> **<End Log>**

</details>

Pending any further incursions, SCP-7605 may be considered neutralized. The stolen catalytic converters were never recovered.

#### ****Internal Security Division Incident Report:****

Due to the response team's inability to apprehend SCP-7605, additional security protocols were secretly enacted within Site-51, conducted by ISD Investigative Team Romeo 1. One of these security protocols was the addition of discreetly placed radar screening devices for all vehicles entering and leaving the facility.

On 2022/11/21, a van belonging to the Foundation Site Security Department was leaving the parking garage and flagged by the new implemented devices. Security Officer Noel Wright and Junior Researcher Lincoln Meyer were discovered within the van, as well as 57 catalytic converters of various makes and models. It is unknown whether these were aquired by the apprehended individuals or discovered as result of the SCP-7605 investigation. 

Both individuals refused to cooperate with the Investigative Team and have been detained pending disciplinary trial. Of note, Security Officer Rick Daley failed to report for duty the following night and has not been seen since. A search of his apartment led investigators to believe he has fled of his own accord. 

The SCP-7605 investigation has been transfered to the Disciplinary Committee and is pending reclassification.  In response to this incident, Dr. William Montague, Site-51 Director, is currently considering approval for the previously denied pay increase for Foundation personnel. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** Site-51 Human Resources Administrator, Scott Esperion 

**From:** Site-51 Director, Dr. William Montague

**Subject:** Pay raise.

---

Let's go ahead and revisit the proposal for the general pay raise. I want to get ahead of this, before we spend another $100,000 when "SCP-7605" decides to come back and eat the copper cable out of the fucking wall.

</details>

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7604](SCP-7604) | SCP-7605 | [SCP-7606](SCP-7606) >>

=====

> **Filename:** entity.jpg

> **Author:** Infrogmation of New Orleans

> **License:**  CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ochsner_parking_garage,_Old_Jefferson_Louisiana,_May_2023_-_03.jpg

> **Filename:** entity.jpg

> **Author:** Kim2480

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Magnaflow_catalytic_converter.JPG

=====
