---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation operatives within the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) are to categorically deny any petition to conduct a union election within ███████, Michigan. 

Provisional Site-7496 has been established outside of ███████, Michigan to monitor and document SCP-7496 instances. Media coverage of humans affected by SCP-7496 is to be censored in line with general obfuscation protocols. Any non-human organisms affected by SCP-7496 are to be transported outside of SCP-7496's area of influence, upon which anomalous behavior should dissipate. 

Foundation personnel are not permitted to enter into SCP-7496's area of influence in groups of two or more. 

**Description:** SCP-7496 is a behavioral phenomenon localized within a ~7 km radius of an abandoned car manufacturing plant in ███████, Michigan that compels groups of associated individuals to form a labor union, regardless of the feasibility, legality, or rationality of doing so. Individuals affected by SCP-7496 attain a highly intricate knowledge of Michigan labor laws, and become capable of communicating such knowledge in some way, irrespective of previous cognitive abilities.

SCP-7496 appears capable of manifesting in any group of organisms, insofar as those organisms are motile and perform some variety of physical or mental labor. 

**Addendum 7496.1: Abridged List of SCP-7496 Instances**

> **Date:** 9/17/2007

> **Species:** *Homo sapiens*

> **Number Affected:** 35

> **Self-designation:** UAWUnited Auto Workers Local 2994

> **Notes:** Students at a local kindergarten filed a complaint that an after-school daycare program was an "unauthorized extension of working hours." Alongside this, an eloquently-written field petition for a union election for the kindergarten class was submitted to the NLRB the next day, which prompted local media coverage. The Foundation was made aware of the anomaly after this event, and current containment protocols were instituted.

> **Date:** 11/8/2007

> **Species:** *Oncorhynchus tshawytscha*Chinook salmon

> **Number Affected:** ~400

> **Self-designation:** UFCWUnited Food and Commercial Workers

 Local 7493

> **Notes:** Several fishermen reported a drastic reduction in the number of Chinook salmon caught in the local area in the previous few weeks. Using sonar, the Foundation was able to track the location of the salmon, as well as irregular fin movements that were interpreted as Morse code. When translated, the affected salmon chastised fishermen for indefinitely withholding their paychecks in violation of a 1978 Michigan statute. The salmon also claimed that they would hold an election to unionize unless they were given at least fifteen paid days off in order to visit family in Lake Superior.

> **Date:** 1/15/2008

> **Species:** *Saccharomyces cerevisiae*Baker's yeast

> **Number Affected:** ~1.72 trillion

> **Self-designation:** BCTGM Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers Local 668

> **Notes:** A jar of sourdough starter at a bakery used air bubbles to spell out a long-winded complaint of the fact that it was forced to "work a shift over the entirety of Christmas break while other employees enjoyed vacation time off." It refused to "continue working" unless its demands for a union and a Christmas bonus of 200 grams of sugar were met. Amnestics were administered to all humans involved.

> **Date:** 3/24/2008

> **Species:** Various

> **Number Affected:** ~700 trillion

> **Self-designation:** UWUAUtility Workers Union of America Local 2670

> **Notes:** The on-site septic tank at Provisional Site-7496 saw a drastic reduction in filtering efficiency. When investigated, it was revealed that anaerobic bacteria in the tank had been affected by SCP-7496 and were refusing to decompose discharged waste. Using discolorations in the water, it communicated to Foundation personnel its desire to unionize due to a lack of overtime pay during the Site's weekly Taco Tuesday nights. Further research on SCP-7496 has been paused while negotiations are ongoing.

<< [SCP-7495](SCP-7495) | SCP-7496 | [SCP-7497](SCP-7497) >>

> **Filename:** Abandoned Packard Automobile Factory Detroit 200.jpg

> **Author:** Albert duce

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Abandoned_Packard_Automobile_Factory_Detroit_200.jpg
