:root {

    ~~header-logo: url('https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/dinodraws-author-page/departmentofgeology%20lightmode.png');

 --title: "Department of Geology";

  --subtitle: "As Above, So Below";

}

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Once the creation of SCP-7479 is finalized, functional instances are to be distributed to members of the Department of Geology for field usage; they are to replace the currently utilized *Brunton Pocket Transits*..**Efla Class:** Item is used and/or made by the Foundation.   

When not in use, these objects should be placed within personal storage lockers ~~ or personal quarters ~~ to avoid damage or loss. If an instance of SCP-7479 is misplaced, please contact your direct supervisor in order to either recover or replace the instance. 

Any leftover prototype anomalies (dubbed SCP-7479-P) are be disposed of through typical Acroamatic Abatement processes. Any still usable parts are to be returned to the Department of Geology for later use in the construction of new instances.

**Description:** Pending, please contact Director H. Gibbs.Geology Department Lead, Geophysicist.  for further information.

# Video Transcript

## From the Office of Director Gibbs

---

*Dir. Gibbs' raises her head from her computer at the sound of a knock on her office door.*

**Dir. Gibbs:** Come in. 

*Rsr. D. Draws. Junior geological researcher and draconic humanoid believed to be of [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7629 Droganian]-adjacent descent. enters the office, fi balances a cardboard box and a cane in fir arms.//

**Rsr. Draws:** Gibbs! Ah -- hi, I found those blueprints you were looking for. Flipstrike, right? *[Fi pauses]* Can I put this on the desk?

*Dir. Gibbs perks up.*

**Dir. Gibbs:** Yes! And yes, thank you. 

*She shifts a few papers and rock samples to the side in order to make room. Rsr. Draws puts the box up on the desk with a grunt. Fi takes a step back, leans on fir cane, then tilts fir head.*

**Rsr. Draws:** Can I ask what it's all for? I peeped at it a tiiiiny bit when sorting through the filing cabinets, but nothing beyond that. It looked like a compass? 

*Dir. Gibbs stands up and begins to root through the contents of the box, she eventually pulls out a few papers.*

**Dir. Gibbs:** It is, yeah. An old project concept that we let collect dust a while back. The idea came around the same time as [Pyroclasm](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8007), because we found that trying to do research within the dragon's caverns was a nightmare due to magnetic interference.

**Rsr. Draws:** The iron hearts, yeah? 

**Dir. Gibbs:** Yes! It rendered our compasses a bit useless from a directional standpoint. I suppose that the boys down there found some sort of rudimentary work-around, cause this project fell by the wayside. 

*Rsr. Draws nods. Fi's since pulled up a chair from the side of the room and sat down, drumming a claw against fir cane.*

**Rsr. Draws:** What's got you thinking about it again? Did something happen?

**Dir. Gibbs:** Nothing specific, but we've been finding more and more geological anomalies as our own technology advances and we expand our field -- I've realized that putting off Flipstrike may come to a detriment to us, if we don't work out some of the occupation kinks that come with trying to do fieldwork in... non-field friendly environments, if you catch my drift.

*Rsr. Draws nods.*

**Rsr. Draws:** I'm picking up what you're putting down. Flipstrike is going to be something that can help us out in like, *[Fi makes a circular motion with fir hand]* anomalous locations? Weird dimensional stuff, 'n all that?

**Dir. Gibbs:** Indeed, and creating our *own* compass is a great place to start.

**Rsr. Draws:** Strike and dip! Shit, yeah ~~ that would be a bit of a hassle. If things are topsy-turvy or just plain weird, trying to accurately figure out the orientation of things would be a nightmare ~~ okay, okay yeah. So what we need is, what? To fuck around and find out with some tech?

**Dir. Gibbs:** *[She chuckles]* *Trial and error*, I believe is the more professional way of putting it.

*Rsr. Draws gains a sheepish look.* 

**Rsr. Draws:** Whoopsie daisy-- sorry. 

**Dir. Gibbs:** You're alright, dear. I believe our biggest issue will be balancing capability with *cost.* Whatever prototype we draft up needs to be replicatable at a reasonable scale, for the whole department.  

*Rsr. Draws nods. There is then a brief pause, as Dir. Gibbs pulls out what appears to be an old blueprint. She spreads it on her desk, begins to scan it over. Rsr. Draws cranes fir neck to peer at it.*

**Rsr. Draws:** To be a bit more professional, ah~~ can I offer my aid with this? I've been meaning to get myself more out there with ~~ y'know -- actually doing things. Been itching for more field work. 

*Dir. Gibbs looks up from the blueprint, she gives Rsr. Draws a smile.*

**Dir. Gibbs:** I'll make sure to keep in touch with you, Draws. Some of your little talents may come in handy for this. 

---

**Afterword:** With the revival of Project Flipstrike, Dir. Gibbs would bring on Rsr. Draws as the primary individual in the testing of SCP-7479 prototypes due to fir flight capabilities allowing for safe traversal of otherwise hazardous locations.

Construction of the first SCP-7479 prototype began shortly after.

 

SCP-7479 is planned to be a modified geological analysis compass -- tools typically used for orientation and mapping done in field work. In the past year, the Department of Geology has faced increasing difficulty in directional and angle mapping due to various anomalous interactions such as: North-South magnetism interference, non-Euclidian geometric locations, dimensional and spacial shifting, gravitational inversions, etc. SCP-7479 is intended as a amendment to these difficulties in the form of an adjusted multi-tool.

Currently, SCP-7479 prototypes produced by the Department of Geology, while undergoing field testing to identify the different/various difficulties faced by personnel. Current prototypes are built with the capacity to be added upon, so that different iterations do not have to be repeatedly made in the event of successful augmentations. 

Test results will be added below as prototype adjustments are made and tested. 

@@ @@

### **Field Experimentation Logs:**

*Summarized from the field journal of Rsr. Draws* 

**Location/Challenge:** Outposts Pyro-Alfa -- magnetic interference in the environment disorients compasses' directional abilities.

**Augmentations:** Magnetic shielding placed underneath and around the needle. 

**Field Observations:** Attempts unsuccessful, magnetic shielding was too intense -- rendering the needle incredibly inaccurate no matter the proximity to Pyro-Alfa's core. 

However, the instance became increasingly hot over the course of the testing due to Outposts Pyro-Alfa's environment -- and eventually Rsr. Draws temporarily called testing off due to having difficulty using it comfortably.

**Additional Notes:** We might wanna try fireproofing this thing first, nearly burned through my gloves while I was handling it towards the end there. 

-- *Draws*

**Location/Challenge:** Site-8007.1 -- high temperature environments risk melting the compass and rendering it nonfunctional.

**Augmentations:** A series of runes have been etched into the exterior casing of SCP-7479-P, devised by Dir. Nerys.Site-8007.1 Director. Volcanologist, thaumatologist. to be a form of fire-proofing, [devised from her own rituals.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8007)

**Field Observations:** Initial, unmodified prototype had become incredibly hot when tested in the environment surrounding Site-8007.1 ~~ to the point it was difficult to use, and the interior plastics were later found to have partially melted. Post augmentation, SCP-7479-P was able to withstand temperatures exceeding 1,500K ~~ as well as anomalously produced heat sources.

Attempts by other members of staff to replicate Dir. Nerys' original runic inscriptions have been successful, and a form of brand has since been created for easy and consistent modification of later SCP-7479 instances. 

 

**Additional Notes:** Whatever Director Nerys put into this was solid. I gave it a blast with my fire to make sure it could handle temperature from non-traditional fires/heat, and it didn't even have a scrape. 

Frankly, I'm glad, because I don't think that would've pleased my Director. 

-- *Draws*

**Location/Challenge:** Site-8007.1 -- magnetic interference in the environment disorients compasses directional abilities.

**Augmentations:** Shielding plates altered, thinned and weakened with the aims to filter out local interferences but focus global magnetics. 

**Field Observations:** Tests were functional, magnetism of SCP-7479-P's needle ignored the Site-8007.1 core. However, compasses must be individually calibrated based on the users locations due to magnetic North's discrepancies with true North, and tendency to shift. 

**Additional Notes:** Take two on the magnetism tests were thankfully successful this time, though honestly I'll take any excuse to meander around this Site; I did my dissertation on Those Below the Flames, and it's always breathtaking to see the bones down here.

-- *Draws*

**Location/Challenge:** Sterling Hill Mine, New Jersey. Foundation monitored anomalous location noted for periodic dimensional warping and alteration, research ongoing. -- Dimensional anomalies interfering with directional abilities, angle measurements due to distortion and warping.

**Augmentations:** A small, orichalcum. An anomalously formed crystaline ore known for its capabilities in data storage and processing, alongside electric conductivity. core encoded with mathematical values relating to the baseline reality of Earth.

**Field Observations:** The SCP-7479-P instance was functional for approximately 1 hour and 46 minutes within the space. At the 47th minute, Rsr. Draws had placed it down to make notations within fir field notebook, and the instance abruptly detonated. 

Rsr. Draws, Dir. Gibbs, and one other member of supervising staff were later treated for minor lacerations and burns. The test has been deemed unsuccessful, and the detonation is theorized to have been a result of the core being overloaded due to how extensive the values placed upon it were. 

**Additional Notes:** Ow

-- *Draws*

**Location/Challenge:** Site-898 -- Non-Euclidian geometric structures are difficult to map due to a lack of linear surfaces. 

**Augmentations:** Addition of a tertiary level to SCP-7479-P's structure, a curved level attachment with some flexibility to allow it to affix to surfaces.

**Field Observations:** While Non-Euclidian geological anomalies are not yet properly understood, modified equations of strike and dip calculation and occurrence have been created. The added level's accuracy was tested via these equations for experimental accuracy on gathered samples present within Site-898's anomalous samples storage. 

Measurements from this addition produced a roughly 10% error, which has been considered proficient as long as this margin for error is noted in recorded values.   

**Additional Notes:** This style of math is a bit out of my depth, but I think I'm getting the hang of it. Hopefully now I'll be able to practice, if we find more of these weirdos out in the wild. 

-- *Draws*

**Location/Challenge:** Foundation Marine Research Vessel, Middle America Trench -- highly pressurized environments risk cracking the compass's mirrors and levels. 

**Augmentations:** Internal glass and plastic altered with a Foundation made fiber-reinforced composite, akin to those utilized on some models of undersea submersible.  

**Field Observations:** Instance, placed inside a submersible, was lowered to a depth of roughly 3,000 meters below sea level. SCP-7479-P survived both the descent and depressurization with only a few hairline fractures upon its glass. After tests at depths of 2,000, 4,000 and 5,000 meters -- this initial depth and pressure level has been decided as the upper limit that SCP-7479 can handle due to restrictions on budget and cost of materials. 

**Additional Notes:** The ocean makes me nervous from time to time, but it was pretty cool watching them set this all up. I did the math, and this these can withstand almost 3 *million* Pascals. We won't have to worry about any broken mirror bad luck with these puppies. 

-- *Draws*

**Location/Challenge:** Geological Research Site-898 -- Gravitational anomalies interfere with built in levels, causes difficulty in mapping strike and dip of structures.  

**Augmentations:** Altered metal core of SCP-7479-P utilizing an anomalously modified osmium alloy.Densest naturally occurring element has been added to the central structure of SCP-7479-P to increase density, and center the levels of the compass onto itself. 

**Field Observations:** After the core had been inserted by Dir. Gibbs and Rsr. Draws within one of the site's labs in a newly constructed prototype, Draws struggled to actively lift the object. The prototype instance was accidentally dropped, and created sparks upon colliding with the floor. This resulted in the alloy reacting oddly with the previously inscribed heat protection runes, and caused a rapid, unpredictable, increase of the prototype's density. Site security was called to aid in destroying the instance before it could break the floor of the lab. 

**Additional Notes:** ...Goodness gracious. We're gonna have to lessen the intensity greatly, not sure what was in that alloy to cause such a reaction. It was downright bizarring to watch concrete bend. Probably for the better, though as Gibbs said that osmium costs an arm and a leg, doesn't seem too sustainable in retrospect. That aside, I think we're really getting somewhere with all this. 

-- *Draws*

**Location/Challenge:** Same as previous page.

**Augmentations:** Small-scale thaumaturgic  gyroscopic system, calibrated to 9.8 m/s². Downscaled version of pre-existing models utilized in some Foundation vessels. 

**Field Observations:** Stabilization successful, levels are now capable of recording baseline levels in non-base gravitational environments. 

Creation of these augmentations is time consuming, but downscaling from pre-existing models with little adjustment results in the means of creating them being already familiar, and the materials already on-hand. 

**Additional Notes:** My one intact prototype is beat to hell at this point, but I've got it fixed up a little bit and it's still ticking on good. I'm gonna ask Director Gibbs if I can keep it if it stays working by the time we finish up. Predictably I've gotten attached. 

-- *Draws*

**Location/Challenge:**  [Site-120](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-120)

**Augmentations:** Previous successful augments have been combined with a small scale, but powerful ontokinetics ritual. This has been created with the aid of researchers at Site-120, with the intention of anchoring SCP-7479-P to baseline reality to further reinforce grounding of directional, dimensional and gravitational levelling. 

**Field Observations:** Testing involving passing SCP-7479-P through numerous Ways, and exposure to previous locations, has shown that the reality anchoring of the instance was successful. 

Ritual recreation and imbuement has been similarly successful on secondary prototypes, and is capable of being done on several at once. Thus the casting of the spell has been decided as the final step in the creation of SCP-7479 instances. Manufacturing of the anomaly has been taken over by Site-120 to expedite the process of creation.  

**Additional Notes:** It was a bit intimidating being in 120 for the first time while doing these tests. I ended up just talking with someone in the hall while Gibbs presented the proposal, and got a weird look from this [tall fella who passed by](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/system:page-tags/tag/doctor-asheworth) when I brought up ice being a mineral. But, that's me rambling again. Gibbs and I got to throw something through a portal in the name of science, and that was certainly one way to have a cathartic celebration. With this test successful, we've finalized the prototype. Gibbs looked ecstatic, and frankly I am too.

-- *Draws*

With the conclusion of the final test as of 10/02/2012, the experimentation of SCP-7479 has concluded and has since been deemed successful. 

The production and distribution of further instances is now underway. 

<< [SCP-7478](SCP-7478) | SCP-7479 | [SCP-7480](SCP-7480) >>

> **Filename:** File:Brujula_Brunton_01.jpg

> **Author:** LeCire

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Brujula_Brunton_01.jpg
