:root{

  --header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

  --header-subtitle: "SECURE · CONTAIN · PROTECT";

  ~~head-font: var(~~ui-font);

  --page-font-size: 0.79rem;

  ~~link-txt-color: rgba(var(~~accent), 0.75);

  --accent: 0, 77, 99;

  --posX: calc(50% - 358px - 17.5rem);

  ~~fnColor: rgb(var(~~accent));

}

h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 {

  font-weight: 900;

}

#page-content > p {

  font-weight: normal;

}

#page-content .blockquote {

  margin: 1em 2em;

}

#page-content hr {

  height: 1px;

  background-color: rgb(var(--accent));

  margin-top: 1.5em;

  margin-bottom: 1.5em;

}

#page-content .modal {

  font-family: 'Inter';

  font-size: 110%;

}

#page-content .notation {

  width: auto;

  margin: auto;

  font-family: 'Inter';

  font-size: 110%;

  border-left: solid 4px rgba(var(--accent), 0.33);

  border-right: solid 4px rgba(var(--accent), 0.33);

}

#page-content .jotting {

  padding: 0.5em 1.5em;

}

.notation > .jotting,

#page-content > .jotting > blockquote {

  background-color: white;

}

#page-content a {

  font-weight: bold;

}

.fncon {

  font-family: var(--page-font) !important;

  font-size: 92% !important;

  line-height: 1.4;

  border-color: rgb(var(--accent));

}

.fncon::before {

  font-family: 'Inter';

}

@media only screen and (min-width: 1278px) {

  .fncon {

    width: 14rem;

    border: none;

    border-left: 5px rgb(var(--accent)) solid;

    background-color: rgba(var(--accent), 0.1);

  }

  .fncon::before {

    top: 14px; left: -10px;

  }

}

@media (max-width: 767px) {

  .jotting,

  .modal {

    margin: 1em;

  }   

}

#page-content .scp-image-block img {

  border: solid 1px rgba(var(--accent), 0.66);

}

#page-content .scp-image-block.block-left {

  margin: 0.5em 1.5em 1em 0em;

}

#page-content .scp-image-block.block-right {

  margin: 0.5em 0em 1em 1.5em;

}

#page-content .scp-image-caption {

  border: solid 1px rgba(var(--accent), 0.66);

  border-radius: 0px;

  margin-top: 7px;

}

#breadcrumbs, .pseudocrumbs {

  font-size: 90%;

  font-family: 'Inter';

}

@@ @@

# SCP-7411

## Anomaly Resolution and Final Project Report

---

**ASSIGNED FACILITY**

Site-120 Reality Lab

**ASSIGNED FACULTY**

Peter Alex Kejel, M.Sc.

Dr. Robert Scranton

Dr. Anna Lang

**PUBLICATION DATE**

##Green|Main Article:## Valid as of January 1, 2000

##Red|Final Version:## Valid as of January 2, 2000

---

@@ @@

**OBJECT CLASS:** Thaumiel 

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** Dr. Robert Scranton is to be sequestered to Site-120 under the Diversion ProtocolAll motives for personnel to leave their posting are intercepted prior to perception by said personnel member. Formal, direct denials of "shore leave" are to be limited to situations of true necessity.. 

By request of the Site Director Emeritus, this file is exclusively constrained to Site-120. All individuals who have accessed this file, regardless of clearance, are to be amnesticized prior to reassignment from Site-120 or travel outside of it. Should the Emergent Threat Tactical Response Authority (ETTRA) declare Site-120 compromised, this file shall be automatically expunged as per plan K-7414-Kejel.

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-7411 is Dr. Robert Scranton, Senior Researcher at Site-120's Reality Lab. Dr. Scranton is an ontophysical anomaly, existing as the sole realSpare for theoretical [Archaeomultiversal Entities](SCP-000) proposed by the ███████-███████ ██████████████. sentient being possessing no inherent HumeA quantifiable measure of reality, as described in [this general briefing](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/and-this-one-explains-humes) by Dr. Jekeled. field. Dr. Scranton's innately incidental nature greatly facilitates the interpolation of his form by the surrounding ontological environment. 

As a result of Dr. Scranton's capacity to research areas of extremely low reality without the risk of contamination, he is uniquely qualified to fulfill the role of Senior Researcher at Site-120's Reality Lab. As noted in the containment procedures, Scranton has been exempted from regular reassignment.

Dr. Anna Lang, co-chair of Site-120's Applied Phenomena Division, is Lead Researcher on PROJECT SHARPSPACE. The established goal of PROJECT SHARPSPACE is to resolve the final unsolved theorem set forth by Peter Alex Kejel in his 1966 manuscript.

Kejel served as the Site Director of Site-120 between the years of 1979 and 1995. Since Kejel's 1995 retirement, he has served as the Special Research Advisor to PROJECT SHARPSPACE, at the unanimous behest of Site-120's DirectorateDue to security concerns, Kejel arranged for Site-120 to inherit a system of rotating Site Directors following his retirement. This consists of a council of 12 members, based on the 13-member Overwatch Command. All 12 current members were appointed by Dir. Kejel, however, future members may be nominated by current members..

The three-person research team of PROJECT SHARPSPACE, consisting of Mr. Kejel and Drs. Lang and Scranton, has been granted maximum priority. All resource requests by the SHARPSPACE team are to be granted, and Overwatch Command has elected to prioritize Kejel should he request an audience. 

---

**Addendum 1: SCP-7411's Discovery and Kejel's Laws of Reality**

On August 5, 1996, Dr. Anna Lang was assigned per regular, random reassignment to assist Dr. Robert Scranton in Site-120's Reality Lab. Three days later, Lang observed a deviation from the expected Hume level surrounding Scranton. A transcript of Lang's provisional anomaly report is attached below. 

# **Provisional Anomaly Report**

## *Dr. Anna Lang*

### August 5, 1996

Hello Directors,

This is a provisional anomaly report on Dr. Robert Scranton, who I believe to possess anomalous characteristics. As per protocol for suspected anomalous individuals under Foundation employment, I have restricted Dr. Scranton's access to this file pending the assignment or non-assignment of an SCP entry.

At 0300 hours on August 4, Dr. Scranton and I were configuring the 36th iteration of the High-Sensitivity Hume Field Mitigator. During the main sensor calibration, it came to my attention that the Hume field did not exceed its baseline when in direct contact with Dr. Scranton's hand. 

Hume levels remained baseline, in contrast to the expected elevated levels associated with the presence of consciousness. Therefore, after repeating the test covertly through a sensor embedded in the handle of a coffee mug at 0416 hours, I have concluded that Dr. Scranton does not possess a naturally-occurring Hume Field, or that said field is negligible.

The implication, of course, is that Dr. Scranton is inherently no more real than his surroundings. Should he be assigned to any other site, I would recommend that he be watched closely for any ulterior motives. Scranton's employment in the Reality Lab, supposing that he is himself an ontological anomaly, is unlikely to be coincidence. 

For the time being, it is my opinion that Dr. Scranton constitutes an anomaly worthy of an SCP designation. I will personally supervise him going forward, and report to you any noteworthy events.

*Lang*

Against standard procedure, as well as Dr. Lang's advice, the Site-120's Directorate voted on August 8, 1996 to inform Dr. Scranton of his anomalous nature, while simultaneously summoning him to meet with Dr. Lang and Site Director Emeritus Kejel for a project briefing. 

# PROJECT BRIEFING: PROJECT SHARPSPACE

## Transcript

### August 8, 1996

*Drs. Lang and Scranton are seated side-by-side in a large, circular meeting room. The Foundation emblem is displayed in white on black flags hanging behind the Directorate, who are seated around a crescent table facing Lang.*

**Dir.All members of the directorate hold the title "Director". Carla Severino:** Good evening, everyone. Thank you for being here. Dr. Scranton, I presume my assistant reached out to you to explain the situation?

**Dr. Scranton:** She did. I would've liked a round number, maybe 7000?

*A few members laugh. Most are silent.*

**Dir. Severino:** Doctors, I'd like to inform you that Director Emeritus Kejel has been assigned to work with you both on a new project. 

**Dr. Scranton:** Isn't Pete retired?

*Lang appears puzzled at Scranton's casual informality in using Mr. Kejel's nickname.*

**Dir. Severino:** He asked to forgo amnestics so that he could be of use should anything come up in the field of ontophysics. And you, Doctor, just repealed his Third Law.

**Dr. Scranton:** When will he be joining us?

**Kejel:** Now.

*Gentle applause fills the room as the Directors and Scranton welcome Kejel back. He casually walks to an empty seat beside Scranton, and sits.*

**Kejel:** I couldn't resist a dramatic comeback. 

**Scranton:** [Softly, to Lang] He's a legend around here. Kejel wrote the laws when they were Junior Researchers. 

*Lang nods.*

  

**Kejel:** Thank you for the warm welcome, I see you finally found a use for an old man that studies pocket dimensions, not one that [ makes them](SCP-106).

*Some laugh politely, others grimace. The humorous allusion to a dangerous anomaly is not well-received.*

**Kejel:** Dr. Lang, Dr. Scranton, you're going to be working with me for the long haul, so it's time to get used to my sense of humor. That being said, let's discuss PROJECT SHARPSPACE.

*Kejel lifts up a poster-board with a number of infographics, and places it on a presentation board in front of the table.*

**Kejel:** Dr. Scranton- no, you're aware of this, but Directors, my Third Law posits that no conscious being can possess a Hume field of zero. To put it simply, "I think, therefore I am" is a literal, physical truth. This has been a tremendous pain in the ass for all of us, given that we *really* need, pardon the oversimplification, a friendly pattern screamer. 

**Dr. Scranton:** I'm not going to like where you're going with this, am I?

**Kejel:** Depends if you wanted to be an astronaut as a kid. Dr. Scranton, remember my Second Law? It used to be the one that basically never matters. Any dimension without Humes, it says, will collapse unless it's got a conscious being in it, because the narrative will run out without the infinite wellspring of concepts. Of course, the only conscious beings that don't introduce Humes are pattern screamers. 

**Dr. Scranton:** And me.

**Kejel:** Exactly! My First Law states that any space of zero Humes, when connected by a controlled, stable wormhole to our reality, tremendously stabilizes reality on our side. The unsolved theorem I have been working toward for thirty years is to find a willing and able consciousness to exist in a space of zero Humes, stabilizing it without contaminating and ruining it. 

**Dr. Scranton:** That's the mission?

**Kejel:** Put simply, all of the nearby reality in our dimension will rush toward the void you're standing in, greatly increasing the Hume level. Then, we can open that wormhole anywhere in the world, creating an airtight defense against reality benders. Simple, right? No. There's still a long way to go. First off, every time we've opened up a wormhole to a new dimension, it's been Class-C.

**Dr. Scranton:** "Broken Entry"? You can't come back.

**Kejel:** Right. So unless you're volunteering to live in the void for eternity, you'll need to solve that one. 

**Dr. Scranton:** If An-Dr. Lang won't be watching me, I'll think about it.

*Lang and Kejel laugh.*

**Dr. Lang:** Oh, you noticed?

**Dr. Scranton:** You were standing behind the door, Doctor. Did you really have to watch me undress?

**Kejel:** I'll leave you to your work. I expect weekly research summaries by 11:59 every Sunday night, and I'll be available in Reality Lab A whenever you need me. Have fun! 

**Dr. Lang:** [Softly, to Scranton] I did *not* watch you...

*Extraneous chatter continues as meeting concludes.*

 

Research on PROJECT SHARPSPACE continued uneventfully for a period of over a year. During this time, Dr. Scranton and Dr. Lang established a relationship beyond the professional, which, despite the fears of many Directors, only served to strengthen their cooperation on the aforementioned research.

On September 5, 1997, an indeterminateSee final addendum for informational obfuscation notes. ontokinetic anomaly, later designated SCP-7411-##BLUE|BLUE##, breached consensus reality 45 miles North of Asuncion, Paraguay, in the municipality of Benjamín Aceval. An incident report prepared by Mr. Kejel on the relevance of the event to PROJECT SHARPSPACE is attached.

# **Incident Report: 7411-##BLUE|BLUE##-1 designation was added at a later date, at the time of publication it was not known with certainty that further incursions would occur.**

## *Special Research Advisor Peter Alex Kejel*

### September 6, 1997

Greetings, Directors!

As you are well aware by now, a major incursion into our reality occurred at around 1600 local time in Paraguay. Thankfully, the main thrust of the event was outside the urban core of the capital city, Asuncion. However, the effects should be enough to give pause to us given our limited counteroffensive options.

To your right, you can see the city hall of the municipality where 7411-##BLUE|BLUE## crossed into our reality. I hope that underscores the fundamental *unreality* of what we're dealing with. I'm using 7411-##BLUE|BLUE## provisionally here, but let me explain why I think these two need to share an entry.

PROJECT SHARPSPACE, for posterity, works on this premise: Dr. Scranton is, to our knowledge, the sole means by which to hold open an entirely unreal dimension. And to our knowledge, holding open a gate to an entirely unreal dimension is our sole means by which to "anchor" reality on our side.

I understand that most of you feel this is an ordinary event, but I promise you it is more serious than you realize. We've dealt with reality benders all our lives. We have reality-sink personnel out there in the field. That's not the issue here. The issue is that we cannot *prepare for* something that simply jumps out of its reality whenever it feels like, and turns our houses of government into magic eye puzzles. We can't have a Dr. Clef watching every town on earth 24/7. That is, unless, we use the perfect tool we are sitting on. 

Hell, there's something else you should know. Lock Scranton and Lang out of this section, by the way.

Scranton didn't find himself stumbling into the Foundation like everyone else. Nor did I. Directors, you're aware of how I came to be here, and by extension, how you got your job. You're aware of my "retirement", and that your directorate takes care of business while I focus on a higher priority.

Dr. Scranton is that higher priority. I always sensed something, yet I could never quite see his face. Even when I was a child, I saw his face in my broken dreams while bombs pummeled my city. That face in the dark would save us all. He wouldn't be born for years, yet his portrait was emblazoned on my subconscious. Today I learned along with all of you what exactly he would save us from, and the exigency of our lives. His life exists to fulfill my purpose, and mine to fulfill his. 

I will not drag him kicking and screaming into the void. For over fifty years I have arranged for Robert Scranton to save himself, from the night I saw his face in the dark holding back the tide of unreality. If I had wanted to toss him into the void as a child, I could've sent Alpha-9 to drag him out of the cradle. But give me the chance to give him the chance to survive this, and he will give all of us a chance.

*Kejel*

**SCP-7411-##BLUE|BLUE##: PROJECT SHARPSPACE LOG:** By December of 1998, SCP-7411-##BLUE|BLUE## was determined to be a recurring threat worthy of counteroffensive action. While there was no evidence that the anomaly was sentient, no evidence existed to the contrary either, spare for the apparent randomness of reality-altering effects.

In response, Special Research Advisor Kejel met with Drs. Scranton and Lang to discuss the potential application of Scranton's anomaly under the aegis of PROJECT SHARPSPACE. 

# **PROJECT SHARSPACE: Tactical Applications Conceptualization Session**

## Site-120, Main Conference Room.

### December 4, 1998

*Dr. Scranton enters the hall with Dr. Lang. Kejel is seated at the end of a long table with many seats. Lang and Scranton sit side-by-side.*

**Kejel:** Welcome, Doctors. I would like to play a little video for you to express what is going on. 

*Kejel withdraws a remote control device from the pocket of his suit jacket, points it toward the ceiling, and a projector flashes to life, lighting up a large projector screen behind his seat. Kejel slips a disc into a DVD player, and the Foundation logo appears. Kejel presses another button, and a bizarre scene comes to life.*

**Kejel:** Watch and learn.

*An entire city skyline, appearing to be somewhere in the Middle East, appears to disintegrate into dust, which spirals into a tornado-like vortex before dispersing in a random manner.*

**Kejel:** The random chaos reveals its true face.

**Lang:** I have never seen you this stone-faced, Director. What is it? It looks like a dangerous anomaly to me, but nothing new to ##BLUE|BLUE##. This has been happening all over the world for over a year, right? 

**Kejel:** My friends, I have not necessarily been forthcoming to you about the *reason* I have been so concerned about ##BLUE|BLUE##. It's not the first time an angry dimensional threat has sacked our reality. It is, however, the first time that my nightmares came true.

**Scranton:** What?

**Kejel:** As I have already informed the directorate, this anomaly did not... come as a surprise to me. Many years ago, I saw a city fall to dust, out of the night in the dreams of my childhood. 

**Lang:** You knew this was coming?

**Kejel:** I sensed it, what we would come to know as ##BLUE|BLUE##, growling at the gate of our world, taunting me! I gave my life to the Foundation, feeling it approaching. When ##BLUE|BLUE## came through, I felt a pit in my stomach. 

*Kejel grows louder, and talks with his hands, then his full body, appearing angry.*

**Kejel:** My gut feeling, that I had looked into the future and felt it look back at me, was right! Now, moment-for-moment, my childhood nightmares transpire in front of us! We will crush ##BLUE|BLUE##, Dr. Scranton. I need you to solve the problem, that is all. 

**Dr. Scranton:** That's the real reason you called me here, isn't it.

*Kejel sits down, appears weary, and holds his head.*

**Kejel:** Yeah. I needed to get that off my chest. [Whispering] Please solve the wormhole, Doctor. [End Whispering] I can't approve you to go through until I know you can come back safe.

*Kejel pauses, all are silent.*

**Kejel:** I can't take the guilt of knowing the end was coming, either.

*Scranton and Lang walk out, holding hands. Kejel watches them leave, expressionless.*

**INCIDENT SCP-7411-Y2K:** Over the next year, SCP-7411-##BLUE|BLUE## made 76 further incursions into baseline reality. The use of amnestics was initially effective, however, human lossesIncluding fatalities, missing, and transmogrified. as of December 30, 1999 stood at 2,411,677. Maintaining normalcy became more difficult at each incidence, and on December 30, 1999, Overwatch Command announced that a ZK-Class "Reality Failure" Scenario was underway. 

At 0405 hours on December 31, Overseer O5-8 arrived at Site-120 to personally inform the PROJECT SHARPSPACE team of a 48-hour ultimatum to complete the project before the decommission of the Veil Protocol. 

On December 31, 1999, at 0530 Hours, Dr. Anna Lang called Mr. Kejel's sleeping quarters via the Emergency Action Line (EAL). Lang informed Kejel that she had devised an experimental method by which to reopen a CK-Class "Broken Entry" wormhole from its opposing side after a brief shutdown, allowing for the potential return of Dr. Scranton from the experimental zero-Hume space.

On December 31, 1999, at 2325 hours, Drs. Scranton and Lang as well as Special Advisor Kejel were summoned to Site-120's head administrative office for an emergency briefing.

# PROJECT SHARPSPACE: OPERATIONAL TEST

## Reality Lab A

### December 31, 1999

*Drs. Lang and Scranton enter the dark, dismal, grey room. Kejel is seated at the end of a long table. The ceiling stands at only five feet, and it is necessary for Lang and Scranton to stoop while taking their seats.*

**Lang:** They let you into the Admin office alone, sir?

**Kejel:** There are some things we need to discuss.

**Scranton:** We'd love to chat about my wonderful invention, but Dr. Lang and I are busy dreaming up a way of channeling my power through Dr. Lang's wonderful two-way workaround, since you won't let m-

**Kejel:** I'm giving you approval.

**Scranton:** What?

**Kejel:** The veil is coming off tomorrow night if you don't give it a try, I'm willing to let you go through. 15,000 people went out to ring in the new millennium in Budapest an hour ago, and half of them were erased from reality, only to be reintroduced as bell peppers. I think I can make an exception to the rules, just this one time.

**Scranton:** T-thank you, sir. That's why you called me this morning to- oh!

*Scranton has a visible moment of realization.*

**Lang:** What did he call you about, Bobby? You didn't tell me that!

*Kejel clears his throat, pats Dr. Scranton on the shoulder, and sits up, crouching while walking out of the tiny room.*

**Scranton:** Anna, the last few years I've spent with you have meant everything to me. 

*Dr. Scranton presents an engagement ring, forged from Mekhanite-refined steel, to Dr. Lang.*

**Scranton:** We chose this life to die in the dark, and you've given me the chance to live a little too. Will you marry me, Anna?

**Lang:** Yes. Forever yes. 

*Lang and Scranton observe the clock, which reads 2359 hours, December 31, 1999. Kejel re-enters, and Lang and Scranton kiss.*

**Kejel:** Hello, kids. 

*Lang and Scranton turn apart, and welcome Kejel. Kejel is flanked by the Site Chaplain.*

**Kejel:** I just got word that Buranistan and its 47 million people are now a shale field in Iraq. The effects are getting worse. Bobby, you're leaving to the void come morning. We need to do this now. 

*Site-120's Chaplain administers a nondenominational wedding rite, standard Foundation practice for authorized relationships. Lang and Scranton are not authorized, however this does not appear to concern the Chaplain given the situation.*

**Kejel:** Dr. Scranton, you will report at 0600 hours for the preliminary test of our last line of defense. 

**Scranton:** It will be an honor, sir. 

*Kejel waves Lang to leave, and she does. Scranton appears confused.*

**Kejel:** There's just one more thing, Doctor.

**Scranton:** What is that?

**Kejel:** I think you should know that I've been building toward tomorrow since the day I first saw your face, in 1943. It wasn't just ##BLUE|BLUE## that I saw in dreams, it was you.

**Scranton:** I'm sorry, but what do you mean? I was born in 1948.

**Kejel:** I should've told you this story earlier, but I never wanted this for you. I waited for you to find a way to come home, so I wouldn't need to leave you alone in the void. Bobby, I was there the night you were born in that dingy backwater hospital. I made sure your parents won that lottery to send you to college. I made sure your college advisor immersed you in Physics.

**Scranton:** Lang discovered my Hume anomaly, not you! 

**Kejel:** You don't grasp the situation, Robert. How do you think even you didn't notice your anomaly until the time was right? I had to make sure you were *always* in the right place at the right time. 

*Scranton walks away. Kejel raises his voice and yells after him down the hall.*

**Kejel:** I could only see a single future, and you are the one who made it. It was never my choice. Holding off ##BLUE|BLUE## is your destiny, I just made sure you never walked away from it!

**Scranton:** Well... if you can see me walking away tomorrow, I suppose I needn't worry.

*Scranton leaves, puzzled and overwhelmed.*

Drs. Scranton and Lang returned to Scranton's sleeping quarters for the remainder of the six-hour waiting period. Scranton and Lang reported at 0600 hours as scheduled for PROJECT SHARPSPACE's first Operational Test.

# PROJECT SHARPSPACE: OPERATIONAL TEST

## Reality Lab A

### January 1, 2000

*Dr. Lang and Kejel, flanked by a pair of Administrative Security Guards, observe Reality Lab A from the glass-paneled observation room as Dr. Scranton suits up in Level 3 HAZMAT gear. Technicians prepare the low-Hume Space Generator, a standard device for the opening of pocket dimensions.*

**Dr. Lang:** [Over Microphone] Good luck out there, Bobby!

**Kejel:** You've got this! In and out, alright?

*Dr. Scranton raises his thickly-gloved fist and gives a "thumbs up".*

**Kejel:** Initiate the generator. 

*A large black shimmer appears near the wall of the Lab, manifesting as expected. Dr. Scranton walks through. Moments later, a severe reaction occurs, resulting in the sudden emission of energy from the wormhole. A small portion of a control panel is detached and flies into the wormhole, which shuts down as ordered moments later.*

**Dr. Lang:** How are the Hume readings?

**Kejel:** Beautiful, we got a hell of a surge, should easily be enough to hold off our little friend. Damage looks trivial. 

**Dr. Lang:** Alright, spin it up. 

**Kejel:** We will, of course, need to draw more Humes in. 

**Dr. Lang:** What do you mean?

**Kejel:** We have a reliable source of ontokinetic particles, Anna. I'm going to need to use it.

**Dr. Lang:** He needs to come back, we're past the window already!

**Kejel:** ##BLUE|BLUE## doesn't think so. We're going to draw everything we can from that space until it goes away. 

**Dr. Lang:** Open the goddamn wormhole right now.

**Kejel:** When I find another person with zero Humes, he can return. Until then, I'm not giving up the only shot I have, that you have, that any of us has. You know as well as I do that he wouldn't keep exposing himself to zero-H if he had the choice!

*Lang is too irate to speak.*

**Kejel:** I didn't force him. I want you to think about that, Anna. I waited this long! I gave him every chance to find another way!

**Dr. Lang:** You never told him it would come to this, you bastard!

**Kejel:** For all he knows, we had a malfunction. I know Bobby, he'll never lose hope. For god's sake, Anna, the barbarians are at the gate, and he has hope yet. 

*Dr. Lang continues to spew profanity and threaten Kejel.*

**Kejel:** I'll wait! I promise you, Dr. Lang! I'll wait for him!

*Kejel gestures to the security guards, who restrain and carry Lang away.*

**Kejel:** [Softly, to himself] I'll wait for you, Bobby. 

Dr. Anna Lang was administered Class-E amnestics shortly following the January 1 Incident. The dimension to which the field generator transported Dr. Scranton has been accessible for indefinite periods, narratively sustained by the consciousness of the former Researcher. This has allowed for the containment of SCP-7411-##BLUE|BLUE##. Portable devices accessing unlimited ontological particles withdrawn from this dimension have been added to the Foundation strategy for countering ontokinetic anomalies. These devices have been named in Dr. Scranton's honor, as the Scranton Reality Anchor.

The nature of SCP-7411-##BLUE|BLUE## has been obfuscated intentionally in this document, so as to prevent the assistance of the anomaly in bypassing the current method of containment. For details, please contact Site Director Emeritus Kejel. Kejel can be found in the Site-120 Reality Lab at all times, having not left the Lab since Scranton's disappearance (as of August 2023). Kejel has declined all offers of amnesticization, citing his 2000 promise to wait for Scranton.

The control panel transported with Dr. Scranton by the wormhole was not replaced due to its age and deprecated status. The only lost component which was replaced was a single [red warning light.](SCP-3001 )

<< [SCP-7410](SCP-7410) | SCP-7411 | [SCP-7412](SCP-7412) >>
