**Item #:** SCP-7065

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7065 is held in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-17. SCP-7065 is placed on a strict Paleolithic dietAn eating plan based on foods humans consumed during the Paleolithic era. and to be regularly supplied with painkillers upon request.

SCP-7065-A is regularly monitored with ultrasonography equipment. Proposals detailing SCP-7065-A's extraction is to be submitted to Dr. Ivers before approval. Any changes to SCP-7065-A's behavior is also to be immediately reported to Dr. Ivers.

**Description:** SCP-7065 is Richard Pinnel, age 36. SCP-7065 is non-anomalous with exception of their relationship to SCP-7065-A.

SCP-7065-A is a worm-like organism measuring over six meters in length. While SCP-7065-A's anatomy shares similarities to the Cestoda familyTapeworm., it possesses multiple biological and behavioral deviations. Among these include:

* Hot pink-colored skin. The skin is reported to have a texture similar to sandpaper.

* Abundance of black pincer-like antennas on its skin. The purpose of these antennas appear to primarily anchor itself to nearby surfaces.

* A singular, circular toothy maw instead of a typical scolex; several of its teeth are missing.

* Three clitellums; the middlemost one is visibly bloated and inflamed.

* Is cold-blooded.

SCP-7065-A's main anomalous property is its ambulatory nature: the entity is capable of migrating throughout SCP-7065's body, which it achieves by burrowing through their flesh. How SCP-7065-A accomplishes this is unclear; while the process is extremely painful it does not cause SCP-7065 permanent harm. Although SCP-7065-A can migrate anywhere, it prefers to reside inside the intestinal track. Otherwise, SCP-7065-A's behavior follows that of standard tapeworms.

**Addedunum-7065.1:** The Foundation became aware of SCP-7065 in the aftermath of an automobile crash on the Interstate Highway in Dallas, Texas. SCP-7065 was delivered to a local hospital and subjected to an X-Ray scan, revealing SCP-7065-A and its anomalous behavior. All relevant hospital records and parties were confiscated and amnesticized respectively.

SCP-7065 attempted to vomit and began striking its fists against their abdomen before being detained by Foundation assets. SCP-7065 themselves exhibited multiple health ailments relating to sleep deprivation, rapid weight loss, and severe salmonella poisoning -- the effects of which became so detrimental that the entity had to be placed on IV nutritional therapy to ensure their well-being. 

After being transported to Site-17, Dr. Ivers interviewed SCP-7065.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7065/Ivers/Interview1 ◀</summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Hello, My name is--

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Get it out.

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** I'm sorry?

> 

> *[SCP-7065 has bags under their eyes and is shaking slightly in their chair. The entity is visibly emaciated. SCP-7065 clenches their abdomen and grits their teeth.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Get. It. Out.

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Sir, we can't remove it until we know more about 'it.' It... wouldn't be safe.

> 

> **SCP-7065:** I'm not safe now!

> 

> *[SCP-7065 scowls at Dr. Ivers, leaning forward before slouching in their chair with a wince.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** I don't care. So get it out.

> 

> *[Dr. Ivers closes his eyes and breathes deeply. He nods.]*

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Sir, just answer the questions. The sooner we're done, the sooner we can put something together. It's our policy.

> 

> **SCP-7065:** [Sigh] Fine. Just hurry, I don't want to wake it up.

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Of course, and by 'it' you mean this, correct?

> 

> *[Dr. Ivers slides an X-Ray photo forward; SCP-7065-A is partially visible in the picture. SCP-7065 looks nauseous and turns away. He massages the bridge of his nose.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** *Goddammit.*

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** How'd this happen?

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Crazy story. Hard to believe.

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Try me.

> 

> **SCP-7065:** I... my vacation.

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Your vacation? You encountered this worm on vacation?

> 

> *[SCP-7065 gives a thumbs-up. The entity suddenly shudders forward and caresses their abdomen.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** I wanted some 'me-time.' I work in air conditioning, I make good money, but not enough for Hawaii. [Muttering] Fucking penny pinchers. So I had no choice but to go somewhere cheaper. And uh...

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Which country?

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Oh some random desert country, nothing really special--

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** There could be more of these worms out there. Would you really want this happening to someone else?

> 

> **SCP-7065:** ...Mongolia.

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Mongolia?

> 

> *[SCP-7065 scowls and folds their arms.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Yeah. I'm a nature person and I happened to like their mountains. You think that's funny?

> 

> *[Dr. Ivers folds their arms.]*

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Does it look like I find *this* situation funny?

> 

> *[SCP-7065 pauses, then examines the photo again.]*

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** How was Mongolia?

> 

> **SCP-7065:** It sucked.

> 

> *[SCP-7065 lowers the picture.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** I liked the scenery and the people... but the traveling, and the aesthetic wasn't for me. And I knew some of the cuisine didn't sit right with me.

> 

> *[The picture begins to crumple in SCP-7065's hand.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065** I just *had* to go to that barbecue.

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** You got this at a barbecue?

> 

> **SCP-7065:** That's what the doc said. But he also said it was nothing to worry about and it'll clear up in a couple of days. That was six months ago. So much for healthcare, right?

> 

> *[The photograph slowly crumples in SCP-7065's hand.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** So this is what you look like. It's so big... you spiky, toothed cocksucker. I hoped you choked on my shi--

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** What did you do after you realized that this... worm wasn't going away? If you knew what it was doing then why--

> 

> **SCP-7065:** They didn't see it, alright!

> 

> *[SCP-7065 groans and places the photograph down. The entity then rests their elbows on the table, rubbing their neck.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** The doctors said it didn't show up on the scans. I didn't know what happened there. I tried upping the doses on the dewormer and I thought it worked... until I felt the pain. It was small at first, a prick here and there, but then soon it felt like I was being stabbed all over! You can't stop it, you could never predict it, and worst of all, you never get used...

> 

> *[SCP-7065's eyes the photograph again and shudders.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** And you swear the thing's getting more antsy by the day, more bold, more brave. And you wonder how you're still breathing, h-how you're still h-here. Look how big it is! Just... just--

> 

> *[SCP-7065 is hyperventilating, clenching on their abdomen tightly. Dr. Ivers' slowly stands up from their chair, knocking a pen to the ground.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** But it likes f-food. That's the only thing I got over it. But... I-I'm losing my hold, you see. I-I... it stops when it's f-full but... it's... messing m-my stomach up. I get these cravings, man. And I know it's not right, it shouldn't be tasty... and-and I'm-I'm not hungry, but it *is!* And it's not getting full! It's not stopping... the pressure, fuck!

> 

> *[SCP-7065 falls from their chair, writhing in pain as they hold their abdomen. Large budges poke through SCP-7065's shirt as they gargle.]*

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Call the medic! Call Esme, get the stretcher--

> 

> **SCP-7065:** No, no! Don't, don't!

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** What?! Why?!

> 

> *[SCP-7065 tears their shirt open and massages their abdomen. The bulges sink back into the skin, SCP-7065 slows their breath and leans against a wall.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** It doesn't like--

> 

> *[SCP-7065 begins to cough uncontrollably. Agent Rodney enters the interview room, holding a cup of coffee.]*

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** I heard screaming. What happened?

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** We're--

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Oh... god...

> 

> *[SCP-7065 stares at the coffee cup and covers their mouth. SCP-7065 is thrown to the floor, bulges grow outward from their neck. Dr. Ivers and Agent Rodney rush to approach SCP-7065 before SCP-7065-A emerges from the former entity's mouth, burrowing through their hand. SCP-7065-A squeals.]*

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Holy--

> 

> **Agent Rodney:** Shit!

> 

> *[SCP-7065-A swings back and knocks the coffee cup from Agent Rodney's grasp, spilling it on the floor. Dr. Ivers lets their pen fall from their hand and backs into the table. Agent Rodney rushes to the wall and activates the alarm. Agent Rodney then pulls out his gun and trains it on SCP-7065-A, remaining still but breathing heavily.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7065-A presses against the spillage and sucks the liquid into their maw. Segments of SCP-7065-A's body contract and expand; the liquid can be seen going through the entity, through SCP-7065-A's hand and mouth. SCP-7065-A tears up as it writhes and twitches on the floor. It spots the pen, takes it, and writes on the floor.]*

> 

> *[**"OUT"**]*

> 

> *[Dr. Ivers continues to stare as the medical team enters the interview room. Dr. Ivers narrows his eyes and nods firmly.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

**Addedunum-7065.2:** Dr. Ivers submitted a request for the extraction of SCP-7065-A from SCP-7065 on the basis that if not removed, the anomaly would be at high risk of self-neutralization. Upon gaining approval from Site Director Thomas Graham, Dr. Ivers authorized a series of tests in hopes of separating both entities. 

Attached below is an abridged log of notable events concerning SCP-7065. To see the full list, contact Dr. Ivers:

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7065/Event Log/File Count: 7 ◀</summary>

> **Test #:** 01

> 

> **Proposal:** SCP-7065 is to be administered various different types of anthelmintic medication and foodstuffs to gauge SCP-7065-A's reaction.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-7065-A responded indifferently to all medication and foodstuffs with exception to those containing high amounts of overcooked meat and salt. This caused the entity to move erratically before becoming lethargic for the majority of the day. Reviewing the test's success, Dr. Ivers ordered SCP-7065 to be on a carnivorous diet.

> 

> **Notes:** N/A

> **Test #:** 13

> 

> **Proposal:** After learning SCP-7065-A was susceptible to cold temperatures from a previous test, ice packs were to be placed on designated areas of SCP-7065's body to prompt the entity to evacuate the body.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-7065-A violently shuddered for ten minutes. SCP-7065-A then burrowed sporadically around SCP-7065's liver and skeletal muscles; SCP-7065 experienced moderate pain and reported feeling 'getting a rope burn' under their skin. SCP-7065-A's ceased its burrowing when the ice packs were removed and the entity curled around SCP-7065's liver.

> 

> **Notes:** SCP-7065-A has started to rest near SCP-7065's pectoral muscles and umbilical region. 

> **Test #:** 19

> 

> **Proposal:** Electricity is to be administered to specific regions of SCP-7065's  body, forcing SCP-7065-A to evacuate. The voltage is adjusted to not cause permanent harm to SCP-7065, who is sedated during the procedure.

> 

> **Results:** After locating SCP-7065-A in the kneecap, a controlled electric shock was applied to the right thigh. SCP-7065-A convulsed, staying in place. After the third shock, it burrowed straight to SCP-7065's ribcage and wrapped curled around its aorta. Any electric shock now applied to the body was now amplified, and conducted straight into SCP-7065's heart. The entity resumed normal behavior a day after the test was aborted.

> 

> **Notes:** SCP-7065 exhibited mood swings and prolonged nausea after Test 19 for the next nine weeks. 

> **Test #:** 26

> 

> **Proposal:** Unsatisfied with the project's progress, Dr. Ivers ordered SCP-7065's dietary portions to be doubled in hopes of further weakening the creature.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-7065 consumed pretzels and burnt steak. However, the chewed up foodstuffs would quickly be ejected from SCP-7065's mouth. Ultrasound imaging reveals SCP-7065-A to position itself with SCP-7065's esophagus and propel the foodstuff in real time.Foodstuffs introduced via  a gastrostomy tube was ejected as well. SCP-7065-A seems to repeat this process to most food items with the only exception being raw meat.

> 

> **Notes:** SCP-7065 was placed on an emergency peripheral parenteral nutrition IV drip.

> **Test #:** 27

> 

> **Proposal:** SCP-7065 is to be positioned in front of an entrapment unit containing one entire raw chicken. SCP-7065 will open their mouths and wait for SCP-7065-A to enter the unit, restraining the entity.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-7065 followed instructions but SCP-7065-A did not emerge. Half an hour into the test, SCP-7065 held their abdomen and collapsed to the floor in excruciating pain. Ultrasound imaging showed SCP-7065-A nibbling on SCP-7065's spleen. Citing SCP-7065's advancement of its emaciated state, Dr. Ivers ordered SCP-7065 to be placed on a highly restrictive Paleolithic diet. The entity immediately left the spleen alone. When interviewed about the new diet SCP-7065 expressed immense disappointment, stating it was 'fun while it lasted.' SCP-7065 did not elaborate.

> 

> **Notes:** SCP-7065-A's middle clitellum, after subsequent feedings, grew in size. The entity now preferred to stay within the boundaries of the intestinal tract.

> **Test #:** 33

> 

> **Proposal:** SCP-7065 is to be anaesthetized. SCP-7065-A is to be surgically removed. 

> 

> **Results:** Jared Lamb, the lead surgeon, made an incision on SCP-7065's abdomen ~~ SCP-7065-A was absent. Lamb ordered his assistant to use the ultrasound ~~ SCP-7065-A was still absent. A quiet sizzling sound emanated underneath the surgical table. Lamb looked down and was attacked by SCP-7065-A, who punctured his abdomen. Lamb's screams were soon muffled when SCP-7065-A emerged from his mouth.

> 

> Nearby security guards wielding riot gear attempt to assist Lamb. SCP-7065-A reacted by spewing a dark yellow, liquid substance at the guards, resulting in severe caustic burns.The liquid was later found to be chemically similar to human stomach acid. The surgeons backed away or fled the room. SCP-7065-A hissed at Lamb, then gripped its maw on his left eye. Lamb's screams turned into murmurs as SCP-7065-A slowly tunneled through the socket, emerging from the back of his head. 

> 

> SCP-7065-A swallowed the organ, retracted out of Lamb, and redirected its attention onto their host. The entity then bit into SCP-7065's liver, making a loud sucking sound before detaching. SCP-7065-A then spewed a green liquid onto the incision, which it followed up by burrowing directly on the surface of the skin.Camera footage showed SCP-7065-A consuming the damage tissue and defecating the regenerated tissue simultaneously.. 

> 

> After the incision was healed, SCP-7065-A retreated back under the table. A response team entered the room, putting Lamb onto a stretcher.Funds to support Lamb's ocular replacement and memory therapy was directly allocated from Dr. Ivers' paycheck by orders of Site Director Graham.

> 

> **Notes:** In spite of the team's preparations the experiment ultimately resulted in failure. SCP-7065-A has not left the intestinal tract since post-surgery. Ultrasound imaging shows SCP-7065-A to be resting in a curling positing, wrapping itself around its swollen clitellum. Elevated levels of testosterone, estrogen, and Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (hCG) was found in SCP-7065's body during this time.

> **Test #:** 37

> 

> **Proposal:** One last ultrasound was conducted hours prior to another attempt at surgical extraction

> 

> **Results:** Ultrasound imaging depicted SCP-7065-A resting until it rotated its body. The entity now sported a human eyeball on its middle clitellum, which has grown to the point of putting immense strain on the entity's skin. The eyeball pulsed and twitched as its line of sight followed each of the human individuals in the room at the time. SCP-7065's tongue swirled in its maw, leaking acid. Surgery canceled.

> 

> **Notes:** The surgery was postponed pending further instructions.

</details>

---

**Addedunum-7065.3:** Following the conclusion of the thirty-seventh test imaging showed that SCP-7065-A had shrunken to 12 centimeters and appeared to be deceased. Due to this and Dr. Ivers' insistence, the entity was able to be successfully extracted through non-invasive means. 

Scientific analysis conducted on SCP-7065-A's carcass confirmed it to be a hermaphrodite and is genetically closer to the common earthworm than any other Annelid. An autopsy revealed that SCP-7065-A expired from internal hemorrhaging, indicated by its middle clitellum being deflated. Other than the loss of its teeth, no other injuries were visible postmortem.

However, after the anomaly was declared neutralized, SCP-7065 commented on a lingering pain originating in their abdomen. Ultrasound imaging showed that remnants of SCP-7065-A's teeth were located in SCP-7065's digestive organs, more specifically near the esophageal, pyloric, and ileocecal sphincters. These teeth were planned to be surgically removed when a sudden complication arose.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7065/Ivers/Interview2 ◀</summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** And how are you feeling today, SCP-7065?

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Like crap.

> 

> *[SCP-7065 is resting in their bed and has regained their muscle mass. SCP-7065 uses a remote, turning up the volume to a television mounted on the wall; the movie Tremors (1990) is playing.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** But I'm doing better... considering. Just got back from my X-Ray. Is the teeth thing really that bad?

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** I'm not exactly privy to that information.

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Oh... so it's even *worse* than we thought?

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Whatever the case may be, I'm certain they can resolve it. We've worked tougher cases.

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Good, good. So I'll get discharged as soon as I'm fixed up?

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Correct

> 

> **SCP-7065:** But not before I get memory wiped, *right*?

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** [Sigh] Correct.

> 

> **SCP-7065:** So that's it? I get dumped somewhere without any recollection of this year. That doesn't seem fair.

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** To be fair, do you *want* to remember all this?

> 

> **SCP-7065:** ...Touché.

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Look, I'm sorry but it's the rules. It's for security reasons, you know? But we'll do our best to get your life back on track. A cover story here, a financial pick-me-up there, it'll be like nothing changed at all. It's the best you're going to get I'm afraid.

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Ugh... fine. I can live with that. At least that freak won't be stealing my portions again. Speaking of which... Thank you! Right here, thanks.

> 

> *[A nurse enters the room and sets a tray of orange juice and tomato soup in SCP-7065's lap. The nurse leaves. SCP-7065 consumes the soup when they notice Dr. Ivers frowning at them.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** What?

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Isn't your surgery this afternoon?

> 

> **SCP-7065:** It's soup. Worst case scenario I burn my tongue. The doc said they changed it tonight or tomorrow morning.

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Well, alright them. If you already gotten the all clear...

> 

> **SCP-7065:** It's miles better than what you people made me eat be--

> 

> *[SCP-7065 tries to sip their orange juice but accidentally spills a substantial amount on their shirt.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** Dammit!

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** You need a napkin?

> 

> **SCP-7065:** No, I got some right here. I... erm... god!

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** God what? Did something happen?

> 

> **SCP-7065:** I just f-feel... no...

> 

> *[Bulges appear under SCP-7065's gown.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** No...

> 

> *[SCP-7065 tears their gown open. The skin covering their abdomen are covered in bulges. SCP-7065 shakes.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** No!

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** C-Call the nurse... guards... get some people over here, something happening with the patient!

> 

> **SCP-7065:** No, no! I was close! I was this fucking close! They got rid of it! I shouldn't-- Aargh!

> 

> *[SCP-7065 holds onto the bed railing, hyperventilating until torn segments of their intestines burst from the skin. SCP-7065 ceases crying when he looks at their abdomen.]*

> 

> **SCP-7065:** [Heavy Breathing]

> 

> *[The intestines appear to be moving on their own and are sporting teeth from the torn areas. The intestines are sucking the orange juice from the gown. SCP-7065 screams and scrambles off from the bed, inadvertently spilling the soup on their face and chest.]*

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** Stop moving! You'll--

> 

> *[As SCP-7065 frantically wipes the contents of the soup away from their eyes, they notice that their mouth is twitching on their accord. SCP-7065 chokes and gargles until a large green eyeball emerges from their lip.]*

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** --hurt...

> 

> *[Teeth protrude from the lips. A white worm-like entity emerges from SCP-7065's jaw and stares at them. SCP-7065 shrieks and calls for help. SCP-7065's voice, however, is coming directly from the worm. The eyeball rolls back into the worm's maw. The worm squeals then clamps onto SCP-7065's face, sucking the soup from their nostrils.]*

> 

> **Dr. Ivers:** ...

> 

> *[SCP-7065 thrashes wildly on the ground. Foundation personnel enter the room and restrain SCP-7065 and the worms. Another doctor approaches Dr. Ivers and hands him a sheet of X-Ray pictures. The clipboard trembles in Dr. Ivers hands, looking at SCP-7065 in shock.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Afterword:** SCP-7065's internal organs have not been damaged as of initially surmised. It is now understood that SCP-7065's entire digestive system has been replaced by worm-like entities, disguised as ordinary digestive organs. SCP-7065 has been placed in a medically-induced coma for the time being until these worms (SCP-7065-B) can be fully analyzed.

</details>

---

SCP-7065's object class has been changed back to Euclid.

<< [SCP-7064](SCP-7064) | SCP-7065 | [SCP-7066](SCP-7066) >>

=====

> **Filename:** BaldGuySmile.png

> **Name:** Curtis Libscomb - Flickr - Knight Foundation.jpg

> **Author:** Knight Foundation

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Curtis_Libscomb_-_Flickr_-_Knight_Foundation.jpg)

> **Additional Notes:** Image edited by 

=====
