**Item #:** SCP-7968

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** A Foundation-operated database crawler is to periodically review the Foundation database for materials affected by SCP-7968. Affected materials are to be reported to server administration for review and removal of alterations. Personnel who encounter affected materials are to be informed of SCP-7968's anomalous effects and, if necessary, directed to this file for more information.

**Description:** SCP-7968 is a phenomenon wherein documents in the Foundation databaseAffected documents are primarily, though not exclusively, SCP files. are altered to reference a non-existent SCP object, henceforth SCP-7968-1. The numerical designation given to SCP-7968-1 within affected documents varies; instances of SCP-7968 have been connected to each other based on shared characteristics among the alterations. The source of SCP-7968 is unknown and presumed anomalous.

The text of SCP-7968 instances varies considerably, but the following characteristics of SCP-7968-1 are consistent across the vast majority of instances:

* The object is contained at [Site-43](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/on-guard-43-hub).

* The object is a white human female, aged 43-47 years.

* The object's listed numerical designation is between 3000 and 3999.

* The object's primary anomalous property is the routine manifestation of several nondescript metal folding chairs in its immediate vicinity. The chairs are not acknowledged as being themselves anomalous.

* The object is regarded with disinterest by personnel. It is not clear if this is a secondary anomalous property or merely non-anomalous apathy.

No records of an object with these qualities are known to have ever existed in the Foundation database. When questioned, Site-43 personnel universally claim to have no memory of an object matching the above description being contained there at any point in the site's history.

**Addendum:** Several recent SCP-7968 instances reference a "Dr. Shepherd" as being the research head for SCP-7968-1. Records indicate that no individual with this name has ever been employed at Site-43. Instances that reference this individual also often detail their cold treatment of SCP-7968-1 and the anomaly's continual attempts to establish an emotional connection with them. The purpose this serves is once again unknown; no definitive connection between "Dr. Shepherd" and any past or present member of Site-43 staff has been established.

**Addendum:** In addition to information that would be relevant to the containment and study of such an anomaly if it existed, SCP-7968 instances have begun to also often contain irrelevant personal details about SCP-7968-1 that an actual SCP file would not document. Recurring details include an affinity for sunflowers, an unfulfilled interest in astronomy, and a strong desire to raise a child. The purpose of these inclusions, if it exists, is unknown. No new insight into the nature of SCP-7968 has been gained from analysis of the additions.

**Addendum:** Since 12/9/2022, SCP-7968 instances have begun to include the insertion of non-clinical elements into affected files. These elements include prose passages, poems, and what appear to be notes to an unknown individual. The majority of these elements appear to be written  from the same perspective. An example is attached below:

> there is a place

> beyond the concrete and window glass,

> beyond the laughing children and glowing sunflowers,

> beyond the cold moon and blazing stars.

> i have been there

> in my dreams:

> the endless white,

> countless deafblind souls

> stumbling for something

> to hold onto and,

> finding nothing,

> screaming at a god

> who will never hear.

> 

> where are you?

> i yearn for your monotonous questions

> to cut through the buzzing;

> i yearn for your cold stare

> to pierce the fluorescence.

> a cold body is still a surface

> for oxygen to bounce off of.

> 

> do people still

> pass by this place?

> i listen for hours

> and hear nothing

> but the vents

> if only i had a window

> to watch the world from

> while i sit in this chair.

> 

> when i woke up this morning,

> i covered my eyes

> with my forearm

> and the light still

> shone through.

> i am starting to hear

> the wailing and screaming

> as i lie awake

> in my bed.

> i wonder if i will

> join them soon.

The relevance that this and similar non-clinical additions have to the rest of SCP-7968 instances is unclear. It has been suggested by research personnel that analyzing these additions may be useful for identifying the source of SCP-7968; an investigation is currently underway.

**Addendum:** Since 23/7/2023, no new SCP-7968 instances have been detected in the Foundation database. As it has been more than one year since the last sign of activity from SCP-7968, a request to reclassify the anomaly as Neutralized has been filed and is currently pending.

<< [SCP-7967](SCP-7967) | SCP-7968 | [SCP-7969](SCP-7969) >>
