Check out [my author page](8B3)

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7536 is currently uncontained. ~~MTF Lambda-4(“Birdwatchers”) is tasked with locating and capturing SCP-7536 as soon as possible. Once the anomaly is secured, it is to be contained in a standard avian containment unit at Site-104.~~ SCP-7536 is to remain uncontained. Research personnel are to monitor SCP-7536 using all available resources and report any unusual activity to ~~Dr. Singh~~ Dr. Kerrigan.

**Description:** SCP-7536 is a male member of the species *Corvus Corvidae*. It behaves similarly to other members of its species, although it has never been observed ~~eating,~~ drinking, sleeping, or looking for a mate. Its only imperative seems to be to remain in the vicinity of SCP-7536-A.

SCP-7536-A refers to SCP-7536's current “target”. SCP-7536-A is always human, but no other consistent patterns have been observed. SCP-7536 exhibits minor cognitohazardous properties towards SCP-7536-A, causing feelings of unease when viewed directly. This property only affects the current SCP-7536-A. After repeated sightings of SCP-7536, SCP-7536-A will begin to develop severe anxiety, which steadily escalates for as long as they are targeted by SCP-7536.

After a period ranging from 5 days to 6 months, SCP-7536-A will invariably experience some sort of personal tragedy, referred to as an SCP-7536 event. Some time later, a new SCP-7536-A instance will be selected. The severity of the event varies wildly between instances, as detailed in Addendum 7536-1.

SCP-7536 is not believed to be responsible for any SCP-7536 events, as many are caused by purely non-anomalous factors. Instead, it likely possesses a form of precognition that allows it to predict when these events will take place. While it is capable of a form of probability manipulation, this only manifests in rare circumstances(see Addendum 7536-2 for more information).

**Addendum 7536-1:** Abridged Catalog of SCP-7536 Events

| Age of Subject | Date of Event | Duration of Exposure to SCP-7536 | Description of Event |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 35 | 05/13/1985 | 13 days | Subject’s house burned down due to an electrical fire. |
| 43 | 11/10/1990 | 28 days | Subject ended a long-term romantic relationship. |
| 18 | 07/01/1997 | 15 days | Subject was denied enrollment at MIT. |
| 22 | 03/09/2001 | 5 days | Subject was fired from their job. |
| 9 | 09/30/2002 | 41 days | Subject’s dog passed away due to heart failure. |
| 34 | 03/21/2005 | 55 days | Subject’s wife suffered a miscarriage. |
| 31 | 10/06/2008 | 24 days | Subject was evicted from their rental home. |
| 45 | 06/22/2010 | 9 days | Subject lost a significant amount of money during a night of gambling. |
| 20 | 01/19/2014 | 186 days | Subject was killed while attempting to interfere with a convenience store robbery. |
**Addendum 7536-2:** Incident 7536-104

Approximately 4 years after initial classification, MTF Lambda-4 was able to successfully locate and secure SCP-7536. The entity was sedated and transported to a standard avian containment unit at Site-104. SCP-7536-A was kept under surveillance.

The following is a timeline of subsequent events:

> **<T+00:00:00>** SCP-7536 awakens within its enclosure and begins flying around erratically.

> 

> **<T+00:12:00>** SCP-7536 collides with the wall of its enclosure. At the same moment, several nearby personnel experience auditory hallucinations, reportedly hearing the site's containment breach alarm.

> 

> **<T+00:13:00>** Staff are dispatched and are able to transport SCP-7536 to the site’s veterinary ward, where it is successfully restrained and its injuries are treated.

> 

> **<T+00:20:00>** SCP-7536 begins cawing weakly. Personnel describe the sound as "deeply unnerving".

> 

> **<T+00:27:00>** Several personnel request to leave Site-104, but are denied.

> 

> **<T+00:30:00>** Personnel monitoring SCP-7536-A report the subject becoming increasingly nervous.

> 

> **<T+00:33:00>** SCP-7536 falls silent.

> 

> **<T+00:34:00>** 11 anomalies, including 3 Keter class anomalies, simultaneously breach containment.

> 

> **<T+00:37:00>** Equipment malfunctions cause multiple outbreaks of anomalous infections.

> 

> **<T+00:41:00>** Several more anomalies breach containment, including another 2 Keter class anomalies.

> 

> **<T+00:50:00>** MTF Epsilon-11(“Nine Tailed Fox”) is called in to assist with the situation.

> 

> **<T+00:54:00>** Several areas of the site lose power, impeding Epsilon-11's progress.

> 

> **<T+00:55:00>** SCP-7536-A suffers an anxiety attack, necessitating immediate medical attention.

> 

> **<T+00:58:00>** A fire breaks out in the veterinary ward housing SCP-7536.

> 

> **<T+01:00:00>** The fire damages SCP-7536's restraints, but does not harm the anomaly itself.

> 

> **<T+01:01:00>** SCP-7536 escapes Site-104.

> 

> **<T+01:17:00>** Power is restored.

> 

> **<T+01:20:00>** SCP-7536-A makes a full recovery.

> 

> **<T+01:26:00>** All Keter class anomalies are successfully recontained.

> 

> **<T+01:41:00>** All anomalies are successfully recontained, excluding SCP-7536.

> 

> **<T+02:02:00>** SCP-7536 returns to SCP-7536-A.

The incident resulted in 29 deaths and many more injuries. Due to SCP-7536’s apparent involvement with the incident, efforts to recontain the anomaly were suspended pending classification review. Surveillance of SCP-7536-A continued, and 3 weeks later, they were involved in a car accident that left them paralyzed from the waist down.

**Addendum 7536-3:** Results of Reclassification

Based on Incident 7536-104, it was decided that containment of SCP-7536 is not currently a viable option. Termination was considered, but was rejected due to the possibility of severe unforeseen consequences. Dr. Anika Singh—the lead researcher of SCP-7536—argued that, since the anomaly’s effects are too subtle and too sparse to pose a threat to the veil, it should be left uncontained. This proposal was accepted, and SCP-7536’s object class was changed to Archon.

**Addendum 7536-4:** Journal of Doctor Anika Singh

Shortly after SCP-7536’s reclassification, Dr. Singh was found to be targeted by the entity. To ensure that the eventual SCP-7536 event did not affect the Foundation, Dr. Singh was granted indefinite leave at a cabin in [REDACTED], during which time she was asked to document her experience using a computer remotely connected to SCiPNet. The following is an abridged transcript of said documentation:

> 05/21/2014

> This is my second day of exposure to SCP-7536. My boss told me to keep a journal, which I haven’t done since I was 13. It feels different now. Anyway, there haven’t been any surprises so far. 7536 hasn’t left the area surrounding the cabin, and I’ve definitely noticed the cognitohazard.

> 05/24/2014

> Still not much to report. They said I can try any experiment I want as long as I don’t attempt to harm or confine 7536, but without any equipment, I’m not sure where to start. I can order basic supplies, but nothing too fancy. I’ll try to think of something.

> 05/25/2014

> I’m thinking of ordering some food for 7536. I know it doesn’t normally eat, but who knows?

> 05/26/2014

> The bird food arrived today. I poured some out on the ground and waited for 7536 to take notice, but it never did. I’ll try again tomorrow.

> 05/28/2014

> I know it’s a little late to bring this up, but there’s no way this whole thing is a coincidence. 7 billion people on Earth, and this thing just so happens to target its own lead researcher? I'm not buying it.

> 05/31/2014

> Most of my colleagues don't think very highly of 7536. They don't like that we're not allowed to try and contain it anymore. I've talked to these people, and they also think that if they were in Orpheus' shoes, they could get Eurydice out of the underworld no problem, so I'm not surprised. I've always had a weird affection for it, though. It doesn't feel like other anomalies. It's more...gentle? It's hard to describe.

> 06/02/2014

> 7536 finally noticed the food I left out. I watched it peck at the pile of nuts for a few minutes. Aside from the cognitohazard, it didn’t look anomalous. It just looked like a normal crow. Of course, after it was done, it went right back to staring at me. God, what a weird bird.

> 06/06/2014

> There’s not much to do out here. I’d go for a walk to try and relax, but it’s hard to do that with the bird following me around. I try to ignore it, but sometimes I can still feel it staring at me. Whatever horrible tragedy is waiting for me, I wish it would come a bit faster. I don’t think I can take much more of this.

> 06/17/2014

> I closed all the curtains in the cabin so I wouldn’t see the bird. I thought that would help with the anxiety, but for some reason, it only made it worse. I keep looking at it even though I know it’s a bad idea.

> 07/10/2014

> I remember when my mother was diagnosed with cancer. For months, I would go to bed every day not knowing if she would still be alive in the morning. I kept telling myself that there’s no point worrying about something I can’t control, but that kind of fear doesn’t listen to reason. I hoped I’d never have to go through that again. But then that bird had to show up.

> 07/31/2014

> I think I’d prefer it if the bird was causing the incidents. Then I could at least pretend that there’s something I can do about it. Instead, all I can do is sit here. Waiting.

> 08/08/2014

> I don't understand. What is it doing here? What does it want? Does it want something from me? Does it want me to be scared out of pure malice? Is it just messing with me? Why can’t I stop looking at it?

> 08/09/2014

> Why won’t it go away?

Dr. Singh stops ordering supplies at this point.

> 09/28/2014

> I just realized how long it’s been since I’ve written one of these. For the last few weeks, I haven’t been able to think about anything but the bird. I once caught myself staring at it for five hours straight. I don’t know why. The cognitohazard is still there, but at this point it’s almost comforting. Like the only thing I know for certain is what the bird is telling me.

> 09/29/2014

> I haven't eaten in days. I've barely slept. Sleep only makes it worse.

> 09/30/2014

> Is anyone even reading these? Does anyone else actually care what happens to me?

> 10/01/2014

> It cares. It's always cared.

> 10/02/2014

> It’s still there.

The final entry was repeated for the next 128 days, followed by 21 days with no recorded activity from Dr. Singh. At this point, a D-Class was sent to the cabin to assess the situation. They were unable to locate Dr. Singh, but found the following typed into her computer, unpublished:

> I get it now

**Update 03/30/2015:**

Surveillance of SCP-7536 has revealed a second anomalous entity, designated SCP-7536-2.

SCP-7536-2 appears as a female member of the same species as SCP-7536. It displays similar behavior to SCP-7536, but possesses no cognitohazardous properties. It appears to follow SCP-7536 at all times. Research into this entity is ongoing.

<< [SCP-7535](SCP-7535) | SCP-7536 | [SCP-7537](SCP-7537) >>

> **Filename:** Crows on the Trees

> **Author:** Swami Stream

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [flickr](https://live.staticflickr.com/254/445996477_21c49c43d7_b.jpg)
