:root {

    ~~header-logo: url('http://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local~~files/ace-of-blades/blades');

    --header-title: 'Countdown';

    --header-subtitle: 'Life or Death';

    --title-size: 1.5rem;

    --subtitle-size: 0.825rem;

 

    --base-font-size: 1rem;

    --main-content-width: 67.5rem;

    --side-bar-width: 19rem;

}

When does Death come for you?

I know nothing but that death is the luck of the draw.

> You sit down on the floor of your D-Class cell. Kate and Percy died first. But it's been a good run. Juaqueen hands you your cards. You take them and prepare for the worst.

@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-7859

@@ @@

> You look down at your cards. In your hand you have that goddamn ace and a two. How you wish it were a ten.

@@ @@

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ ~~Uncontained~~ ~~Keter~~ Messorem Related to the "Brother of Death" (For more information, see [related](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/three-short-scenes-about-death) [documentation](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/vision-at-betar) concerning Daevite beliefs 

@@ @@

> You say "hit". You get a three. You remember what you all agreed to in the first place.

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7859 ~~is to be kept in Storage locker 12934 at Site-17. Under no circumstances is it to be removed~~ has breached containment. If encountered, SCP-7859-A is to be observed to determine its motives or intentions.

@@ @@

> You say "hit" again. A six enters your hand. You want to die. You know you will eventually.

@@ @@

**Description:** SCP-7859 is a set of standard French-suited playing cards. SCP-7859 can be distinguished from non-anomalous cards by observing the image on the "Ace of Spades." While non-anomalous aces have a normal spade icon, SCP-7859's ace is replaced by the image of a scythe.

@@ @@

> You say "hit" for what you wish to be the final time. You receive the ace of clubs.

@@ @@

SCP-7859's anomalous property becomes active when used in any game involving playing cards. At the end of the game, one of three outcomes occurs based on whether the card is in play and who holds it.

@@ @@

> You say hit.

@@ @@

If the player loses the game, wounds of varying depth and length open on the player's body, and the player is terminated.

@@ @@

> You get a queen.

@@ @@

If the player wins the game, all players (with the exception of the winner) are terminated in the same manner as if they had lost while holding the card.

@@ @@

> And you finally bust.

@@ @@

If the game results in a tie, all players are terminated.

@@ @@

> You feel the wounds open up. You feel an intense pain as though your heart has been torn open. You can see blood gushing out of the hole in your chest. Your vision starts to fade.

@@ @@

All autopsies on the deceased support the claim that they died from exsanguination. No other outcomes have taken place at the time of writing.

@@ @@

>

>

>

> And you finally get your wish.

@@ @@

**Addendum:**

~~SCP-7859 went missing on 1/9/2024 and has yet to be found.~~ On 1/9/2024, Junior Researcher Slate's body was found in the Site-17 D-Class block, cell 974862, with injuries consistent with those received from losing a game with SCP-7859. Eight others were found alongside Slate's corpse Later identified as D-486298, D-749732, D-375973, D-746529, D-755432, D-971637, D-786553 and D-553809 . SCP-7859 and a humanoid entity (now designated SCP-7859-A) were also found in the cell. Before SCP-7859-A could be engaged, it vanished along with SCP-7859. SCP-7859's current location has yet to be found. SCP-7859 has been designated "Keter" until further notice. [Until the nature of SCP-7859-A is fully understood, personnel are advised not to engage.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-7859/Next-Round)

<< [SCP-7858](SCP-7858) | SCP-7859 | [SCP-7860](SCP-7860) >>
