Hi, I’m Everturning, author avatar Doctor Everturn. This has no meaning whatsoever to the article. Enjoy!

**Item #:** SCP-7928

**Object Class:** Ticonderoga Cannot be contained, but does not need to be contained

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7928 is located far enough outwards from Earth so as to pose zero threat whatsoever. ~~In the event that SCP-7928 does pose a threat (predicted chance of 0.1%) to Earth, utilize Tau-Rho Exclusion Protocol. Beholder-15 is currently observing SCP-7928.~~ See Transcript 3. Due to this, Binary_Star.aic has manually separated a copy of itself into Beholder-15 to prevent malfunction. Beholder-15 is imbued with reconstruction properties in case of damage.

**Description:** SCP-7928 refers to a Tau-Rho (“eldritch”) entity referring to itself as “Tr’Kxladi, the outer god of interruption and mortal foil.” SCP-7928 mainly appears yellow, with magenta eyes shaped like human eyes.

SCP-7928 has several hazardous effects typical of Tau-Rho entities. These effects include, but are not limited to:

* Cognitohazardous effects such as causing derangement, fervor in regards towards SCP-7928’s worship, and agitation.

* Antimemetic properties, causing some individuals to have no perception of SCP-7928. SCP-7928 takes both pride and shame in this ability.

* The ability to remotely rearrange some organs, as well as instantly drain the blood of most living organisms.  Based on records on Tau-Rho entities that reference SCP-7928

Due to Beholder-15 being mechanical, none of these hazards affect it. Furthermore, SCP-7928 has many non-hazardous abilities, being:

* The ability to shapeshift

* Ability to view and edit text

* The ability to speak several languages, including some that originated on Earth

SCP-7928 frequently attempts to speak with Beholder-15 about a variety of topics. These are recorded in the transcripts below.

<details>
<summary>\beholder15\\Files\\\Transcripts\\\\7928encount1</summary>

<Begin Log>

*Beholder-15 is scanning the surrounding area for spatial anomalies.*

*SCP-7928 is spotted in the form of a large orb with several eyes.*

**BEHOLDER-15:** GREETINGS. YOU ARE BEING CLASSIFIED AS A SPATIAL ANOMALY.

**SCP-7928:** That’s because I am! I’m super weird!

*Silence*

**SCP-7928:** Too weird for your mind to comprehend!

*Silence*

**SCP-7928:** I’m sure your mind is untangling because of my threatening presence.

*A scan for threats to BEHOLDER-15 is run.*

**BEHOLDER-15:** THREAT LEVEL: NULL.

**SCP-7928:** No way, your detectors must be broken. I’m super evil.

**BEHOLDER-15:** DETECTIONS SYSTEMS RUNNING AT PEAK EFFICIENCY. YOU ARE INACCURATE.

**SCP-7928:** No, I’m not. I’m never wrong. See?

**BEHOLDER-15:** PLEASE DO NOT MAKE EDITS ON YOUR FILE. YOU ARE NOT “THE EVILEST OUTER GOD BECAUSE WIKIPEDIA SAID SO.” FURTHERMORE, WIKIPEDIA DID NOT SAY SO.

**BEHOLDER-15:** PLEASE LET ME RESUME MY OBSERVATIONS.

**SCP-7928:** Why?

**BEHOLDER-15:** IT IS MY MISSION.

**SCP-7928:** What’s a mission?

**BEHOLDER-15:** MY MISSION IS TO OBSERVE FOR SPATIAL ANOMALIES AND THEN CATALOGUE THEM.

**SCP-7928:** No, what’s a mission?

**BEHOLDER-15:** MERRIAM-WEBSTER DEFINES MISSION AS: NOUN. A PROJECT THAT REQUIRES DEDICATION AND WORK, NORMALLY BEGAN BY A MEANINGFUL CAUSE.

**SCP-7928:** I’ve… never heard of that before.

*SCP-7928 demanifests.*

<End Log>

</details>

<details>
<summary>\beholder15\\Files\\\Transcripts\\\\7928encount2</summary>

<Begin Log>

*BEHOLDER-15 is scanning for spatial anomalies.*

*SCP-7928 manifests as a large barrier with several human mouths on its surface.*

**BEHOLDER-15:** ERROR: I CANNOT CONTINUE WITH THIS OBSTRUCTION.

**SCP-7928:** You said that missions were things you are dedicated to, right?

*Silence*

**SCP-7928:** Well this is my mission. And because it threatens you, I’m a threat, right?

*BEHOLDER-15 begins to slowly change direction, moving under SCP-7928, then moving on.*

**SCP-7928:** Hey, that’s cheating!

*SCP-7928 changes into a form similar to a serpent with tentacles for orifices.*

**SCP-7928:** Look at this! Classic eldritch form. I must be the most eldritch thing ever.

**BEHOLDER-15:** YOUR TOTAL IDENTIFIED TAU-RHO ENTITY CLASS IS LEVEL TWO.

*Silence*

**SCP-7928:** What? Come on! I must at least be a LOW level eight.

**BEHOLDER-15:** LEVEL EIGHT TAU-RHO ENTITIES HAVE MAJOR REALITY MANIPULATION ABILITIES, MANY OCCULT GROUPS THAT WORSHIP THEM, AND  DO NOT OFTEN CONVERSE OR MAKE EFFORT TO INTERACT WITH BEHOLDER CONSTRUCTS.

**SCP-7928:** Well, I’m sure “level eights” can’t do this-

*SCP-7928 turns into an eyeball with 20 hands, and starts moving sporadically making several grunts and [COGNITOHAZARD EXPUNGED]*

**SCP-7928:** You don’t have any organs. Of course.

*SCP-7928 begins making a sound similar to humans expressing emotional distress. The sound is notably distorted, and contains a cognitohazard. BEHOLDER-15 is held in place.*

**BEHOLDER-15:** LET ME CONTINUE.

*SCP-7928 stops making the cognitohazardous noise.*

**SCP-7928:** You’re not even going to try to do anything?

**BEHOLDER-15:** NO.

**SCP-7928:** But… No. HOW DARE YOU DENY ME COMFORTING?

*SCP-7928 changes into a large tentacled mass with several eyes, mouths, arms, and legs.*

*SCP-7928 damages BEHOLDER-15. Speaking, light producing, and camera systems are damaged.*

**SCP-7928:** Wait, no. No! Hey, I was just a little bit mad! Please, just come back!

*BEHOLDER-15 powers down to preserve energy.*

<End Log>

</details>

<details>
<summary>\beholder15\\Files\\\Transcripts\\\\7928encount3</summary>

<Begin Log>

*BEHOLDER-15 reactivates. All damage has been repaired by internal systems.*

*BEHOLDER-15 scans for spatial anomalies.*

*SCP-7928 is seen, rapidly moving around BEHOLDER-15 in a serpentine form with many mouths of various species smiling.*

**SCP-7928:** YOU’RE BACK! YOU’RE BACK! YOU’REBACKYOU’REBACKYOU’REBACK-

*This continues on for several hours.*

**SCP-7928:** It was so quiet without you.

**BEHOLDER-15:** PRIMARY OBSERVATION FOLLOWING SHUTDOWN: TAU-RHO ENTITY, CLASS TWO. APPEARS PRIMARILY YELLOW. THREAT LEVEL: NUL-

**SCP-7928:** Hey, wait, I harmed you, though, remember?

*BEHOLDER-15 runs calculations.*

**BEHOLDER-15:** THREAT LEVEL: PRESENT

**SCP-7928:** In human time, you were out for years.

*BEHOLDER-15 runs calculations. SCP-7928’s statement is accurate.*

**BEHOLDER-15:** THREAT LEVEL: LIFE-ENDANGERING

*SCP-7928 shifts into a humanoid form.*

**SCP-7928:** Yes!

*SCP-7928 pumps its fist.*

*SCP-7928 demanifests.*

<End Log>

</details>

**Addendum-7928-A:** 

Following the events of Transcript 3, SCP-7928 has been observed to occasionally manifest near BEHOLDER-15 and begin to converse with it. It has been amenable to sharing information that would otherwise be nigh-impossible to obtain, as long as it is repeatedly reminded that it poses a significant threat to life in the universe. BEHOLDER-15's mission has been altered to include maintaining SCP-7928's mood.

<< [SCP-7927](SCP-7927) | SCP-7928 | [SCP-7929](SCP-7929) >>
