.box {

    position: relative;

    padding: 0.5em;

    margin: 0.5em;

    box-shadow: 2px 1.5px 1px rgba(176,16,0,0.7), 0 0 0px 1px lightgrey;

    overflow-wrap: break-word;

    color: black;

}

:is(div.image-block, div.scp-image-block) {

    padding: 5px;

    box-shadow: 2px 1.5px 1px lightgrey, 0 0 0px 1px lightgrey;

    margin-bottom: 7px;

}

.infotext {

    text-align: right;

    margin-right: 7px;

}

This SCP is about a large city inside a space station, remixing the subterranean city presented in SCP-110.

As I felt SCP-110 lacked both a coherent story and much of the detail needed to make the city feel real, I have gone rather in-depth with this article. This led to me describing the structure of the city in detail, whilst keeping the article fairly short (to match SCP-110 and for crit reasons).

**If you do not like lots of exposition, you will likely find Addendum 2 a bit long and thus feel free to either downvote and move on or just read the first tab, as that contains some explanation for the ending. (or skip the tabs entirely, I can't stop you ;p)**

To anyone who gives it a go, hope you enjoy! - Dr Moned

.rate-box-with-credit-button {

    margin-bottom: 0px;

}

#page-content div.rate-box-with-credit-button, div.page-rate-widget-box {

  margin: 0 0 2px;

##757575|⚠ Important article information ^##

#### ****Special Containment Proceedures****

---

Research Area-06 is to be built above the entrance to SCP-7347 and disguised as a remote scientific monitoring station. Following any of the infrequent tremors caused by SCP-7347, an avalanche warning is to be sent to all nearby non-anomalous monitoring stations. All such reported cases are to be explained by the cover story "Geology Sample Drilling".

Further exploration of SCP-7347's Research Districts is to be assigned to STFSTF stands for Special Task Force and is used in place of an MTF for specific events that need a combined military and research presence. Zeta-3 (“Cytokine Wolves”)STF Zeta-3 (“Cytokine Wolves”) is a special task force involving experienced RAISA agents working alongside personnel trained in both exploration of enclosed urban areas and rapid onside containment. Members of STF Zeta-3 are typically drawn from MTF Tau-51 (“Urban Brawl”), MTF Delta-4 (“Minutemen”) and any MTF groups suited to the known anomaly. and all new information gained about SCP-7347 is to be immediately forwarded to STF Zeta-3's current team lead.

#### ****Description****

---

SCP-7347 is the remains of a large-scale, urban space station, located 17km below Lyskamm Peak in the Swiss Alps. Topological scans indicate that SCP-7347 covers a 3.5km² area within the mantle, though the southeast side is considerably lower in elevation. Initial calculations show SCP-7347 is likely to cover approximately 4km² if level, putting its total footprint close in size to that of Los Angeles, USA.

Due to recovered civilian documents, researchers investigating SCP-7347 believe it manifested in our reality from a parallel timeline. Preliminary exploration of SCP-7347's Housing District suggests recent occupation, potentially immediately prior to manifestation, though no inhabitants have been located. Circumstances behind the complete lack of any biological remains are being investigated.

SCP-7347 is a flat, biconal structure, consisting of a single, tall, hub-like section in the middle surrounded by several concentric rings. These rings are connected by four cardinal direction-facing spokes radiating out from the hub, with four additional diagonal spokes starting from the inner housing ring. SCP-7347 is currently presumed to be of human make and design, with all of the required material available from Earth or nearby asteroids/planetary bodies.

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

---

The following information is from a previous iteration of the document. Due to information about the anomaly in its current state, this section of the description has been preserved.

-- Sam Jenkins, Junior Clerk, RAISA

---

**As of 12/08/2037:** In addition to delays in relocating suitable drilling equipment out to the site of the anomaly, the heat-resistant ceramic composing the outer layer of SCP-7347 is proving extremely durable. This ceramic appears to have, at points, fused with the local geology, increasing the time needed to drill an entrance. Due to the frequent avalanches caused by SCP-7347 and a weakening signal of the discovered Foundation distress beacon the priority for this project has been raised. Additional personnel are currently being transferred over from nearby sites.

#### ****Addendum 1: Discovery of SCP-7347****

---

SCP-7347 was discovered following an investigation into extreme geological activity in the Swiss Alps. This phenomenon was brought to Foundation attention due to the deaths of several experienced hikers and a veteran tour guide in the area.

Upon arrival at Lyskamm Peak, preliminary testing discovered a Foundation site distress beacon pertaining to Site-12Located in Devon, England.. GPRGround-penetrating radar scans were utilized to pinpoint the distress beacon's exact location and discover any spatial anomalies within the mountain.

Scans of Lyskamm Peak revealed that the discovered distress beacon signal was coming from approximately 16km below Area-06, within one of the outer quadrants of a buried megastructure. Identical signals were also able to be tracked from above each of the other three outer quadrants. After approval from Dir. Jane Fisk, the structure was given the designation of SCP-7347.

Due to the potentially hazardous situation in the outer sections of SCP-7347, a decision was made to drill down into a gap between the inner section and the first ring. This entry point allowed an STF to enter SCP-7347 quickly and establish a forward base from which digging teams could construct a more permanent tunnel. Following discussion with several researchers and MTF teams, STF Zeta-3 was formed to handle the initial exploration and to create a foothold within SCP-7347, operating as a FOBForward Operating Base for further groups to enter the structure.

#### ****Addendum 2: Structure and Layout of SCP-7347****

---

The following explanations have been primarily written and collated by RAISA personnel and other research-based members of the STF Zeta-3 during their explorations of SCP-7347.

The Central Spire Districts are a group of high-traffic areas located at the centre of SCP-7347, organised into five distinct hubs. 

At the exact centre of SCP-7347 sits The Core, a large pylon extending approximately 50m in each direction. This pylon is believedIt is unknown if there is any human-appropriate access to The Core and drilling is currently unauthorized whilst exploration of the entire Manufacturing District is ongoing. to contain numerous pipes, cables, and conveyors for shuttling materials around to the nearby production plants located in the Manufacturing District.

Spaced approximately ten meters from the core is the twenty-story Manufacturing District. This district contains most of the production facilities used to allow SCP-7347 self-sufficiency, such as an elaborate water recycling facility, numerous fabrication plants, and some experimental bioreactors. Numerous workstations and offices are also situated within this section, believed to be where a sizable portion of SCP-7347's populace worked. Despite much of the technology here utilizing unknown methods of manufacturing, it has been deemed non-anomalous.

The next district out from the centre (shown to the right) is the Garden District. This area primarily separates the Mechanical District from the Commercial District, consisting of numerous types of gardens, greenhouses, and open fields separated by wide paths with benches. The Garden District also rings four commercial centres located in the Central Spire Districts, though is significantly smaller in width. 

These four circular commercial hubs, located in each of the four cardinal directions, consist of approximately ten stories of various commercial stores typically selling luxury goods. All shops within the hub face towards a central courtyard, similar in shape to a panopticon, with a large stage in the middle. Despite the stores seeming to be fairly recently abandoned, many of the shelves are empty, with only non-organic goods remaining.

The third section of the Central Spire Districts is a ring of cafes, bars, pubs, and restaurants. These buildings are located within tiered eight-story sections of the next ring out from the gardens, facing towards the greenery. 

Though no food could be found, plenty of abandoned menus and wine lists suggest that all of the businesses located within this section were relatively upmarket establishments. It is also believed that SCP-7347 manifested in our reality either during the workday, or during an event, as many of the buildings appear closed or operating at a decreased capacity.

The final ring of the Central Spire Districts consists of a raised two-story commercial ring, only accessible from the upper levels of the Garden District, sitting four stories above a large flat plane. This flat plane consists of painted yellow lines connecting neat rows of refrigerated warehouses, believed to be used to store food.

These warehouses were the first explored section of SCP-7347, following STF Zeta-3 drilling through the outer heat shielding of SCP-7347, with several warehouses being barricaded and utilized as a FOB. 

The warehouses contain large shelves stacked atop small robotic pods stationed in bays mocked out on the floor of the building. These pods appear to have followed the yellow-painted "roads" towards the core, the outer edges of SCP-7347, and upwards into the Commercial District. Despite this, after extensive STF exploration of the buildings, no food or related organic matter has been located.

Currently, no anomalies have been discovered within the Central Spire Districts.

Housing is split across three concentric rings separated by a large gap of rock (believed to have been empty space prior to SCP-7347's manifestation). 

The housing rings are connected by eight spokes, four of which face the cardinal direction and contain long, tiered sections of commercial buildings linking back to the Central Spire Districts. Each of these spokes contains multiple trams that travel between and throughout the rings, likely used by residents of SCP-7347 to get to other districts. At the base of each spoke sits piping and the pod roads found in the warehouses of the Central Spire Districts, believed to be used to shuttle produce from the Farming District towards the centre of SCP-7347.

Both the first two housing rings consist of five stories of houses with gardens, local independently owned shops, administrative buildings and small offices. The final housing ring is instead spread over only two stories and made up of smaller, relatively cramped dwellings that lack a garden. Unlike the first two rings, this ring isn't isolated and is directly connected to the Farming District.

Following manifestation, the first two housing rings are relatively stable, though the final ring is in extremely poor condition. In addition to the destruction from the initial earthquakes, ██ non-organic safe-class SCPs have been discovered in this ring; believed to be used by residents for quality-of-life improvements. Unfortunately, a prolonged lack of attention has caused some of these SCPs to damage their surroundings, further weakening the ring's structural integrity.

The Farming District consists of wide open fields and greenhouses, fed water and fertilizer from large tubes running under metal walkways spanning the area. All four stories of these farms are lit by soft orange LEDs, with some natural sunlight believed to have come in from huge reinforced windows set into the ceiling far above.

Each Farm is crossed by several metal gantries with numerous attachments, varying on a field-by-field basis. These massive gantries sit on rails leading back towards large hoppers sitting at the end of each farm.  Following an investigation into these hopper's destination, STF Zeta-3 discovered long banks of human-operated quality control stations and loading bays for the pods visiting from the nearby packing and preserving plant.

Similar to the mechanisms at the Central Manufacturing District, the farming technology appears more sophisticated than current civilian knowledge would allow; however, anomalies do not appear to have been utilized in the farming process.

On each end of the Farming Districts are tram lines connected to several large warehouses. These warehouses seemed to clean, pack and preserve the produce from the farms and load the food back onto pods for use in the various businesses in the Central Spire District. Confusingly, none of the farms, hoppers, quality control stations or production plants have any sort of fruit or veg within.

In addition to the farming-related machinery found, machines that processed ore were discovered on the far edge of the factories. It is believed that the large gap between each of the four farming districts was used as a hangar space for mining drones to drop off material, with the factories processing much of the material found. Currently, no drones of such type have been recovered and due to complications in the nearby Research District, the hangar space is yet to be excavated.

The Research District consists of two different sections, the veiled civilian research area and the SCP Foundation facilities. The veiled civilian research is split in two, with each section connected to the Farming District by tram, conveyor and walkway. Past the civilian section is a large metal bulkhead with suspended gantries entering the metal construct at numerous levels. These gantries pass through the reinforced section via narrow, cramped corridors to the facilities on the other side. Further down on the structure lies several roads leading through larger sealed doors, believed to lead towards the hangar section of the craft. 

Currently, due to numerous threats (both known and unknown SCP subjects) three of the four research districts are unexplored, having been barricaded by STF Zeta-3 for later exploration.

The currently explored Research District is located in the southwest quadrant of SCP-7347. Investigation of several of the civilian research labs shows detailed research into tachyons and FTLFaster than light travel, suggesting that tachyons were considered non-anomalous from where SCP-7347 originated. Furthermore, extensive research into a large-scale warp drive was found in numerous labs with several documents giving it the name "Maple Pioneer Drive", [ believed to refer to the initial inventor of FTL](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5392 ). Unfortunately, due to the location of the Research District (At the edge of SCP-7347) and the lack of any earthquake-resistant protection, many of the research labs are destroyed, having fallen apart during SCP-7347's manifestation.

The SCP Foundation section of the Research District is twice the size of the civilian labs and contains an entire Foundation site within. Due to recognizable sections of buildings found within the explored section, coupled with the distress beacon's information, it is believed that SCP-7347's SCP Research District was constructed from pieces of an alternate Site-12. 

Luckily, due to the SCP Research District being constructed in a similar manner to a site, much of the earthquake and manifestation damage was negated, though slight cracks allowed some SCPs to egress (several being re-contained by automated lockdown systems). 

STF Zeta-3 reported several SCP instances contained by this altered Site-12 that exist in various other sites in our reality, it is unknown if this is due to SCP-7347 acting as a hub for multiple sites, or that Site-12 was merely larger in their reality.

Most of the SCPs contained within the explored sections of altered Site-12 are still in containment, allowing STF Zeta-3 to easily contain those that had broken free. In addition to this, the altered site's security AIC recognised the teams' identification chips as legitimate, allowing them access to secure locations without engaging automated protection protocols.

Following the establishment of a safe path, STF Zeta-3 explored the lab from which one of the site's automated distress beacons was emanating (bearing similarities to Site-12 administrative offices). An audio transcript has been recovered playing alongside the beacon and is attached below.

A lack of known login information for "Dr Stephen Kolsnik" is currently preventing administrative access to the system.

#### ****Addendum 3: Recovered Audio Log****

---

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 15/08/2037

**NOTE:** N/A

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Chatter from numerous different sources can be heard from the background as the recording starts.*

***Unknown:** "Mars would take decades to terraform with current tech, despite what some asshat with too much of daddy's emerald money would have had you believe."*

***Unknown:** "Even if we could do it, there are no benefits over our current shelter. We can just wait it out till the onboard magic men figure out how to fix Earth. I'm sure they'll manage it soon, they're smart."*

***Unknown:** "Hah, the chances of us retaking Earth is slimmer than that of us terraforming Mars you piece, have you seen it? And don't associate me with that prick."*

***Unknown:** "Jesus Christ. You guys are annoying drunks."*

*[13:06]* **Stephen Kolsnik:** "This is uh, Director Stephen Kolsnik. Hope you can hear me okay."

*The chatter is heard to get quieter before the sound of a door shutting occurs.*

*[13:07]* **Stephen Kolsnik:** "Sorry for the, um, noise. There's a rather large staff party going on right now." 

*[13:09]* **Stephen Kolsnik:** "Anyway, if you are hearing this you are probably either a historian or RAISA member documenting our, uh, journey... or you're exploring our wreckage." 

*[13:10]* **Stephen Kolsnik:**  "Preferably the former, honestly. Though, er, if not, make sure to retrieve everyone from the emergency bunkers. Thanks."

*Rustling of papers crackles through the microphone.*

*[13:14]* **Stephen Kolsnik:** "I am Director Stephen Kolsnik of Foundation Pioneer Site-12 and primary director of the low orbit pioneer research vessel. This is our final log before we reach Mars. Hopefully."

*[13:15]* **Stephen Kolsnik:** "The Maple Pioneer Drive is fully ready for testing and we will be hopping over to Mars within the hour with it— then swiftly hopping back, as the terraforming team will get angry with me otherwise."

*Dr Kolsnik nervously half laughs, before he can be heard flipping through sheets of paper.*

*[13:17]* **Stephen Kolsnik:** "That's really it, I think. Uhm, oh, if we're famous in the future, I'd like to have a statue of us somewhere... if it all goes to shit then uh, learn from our mistakes I guess. Peace."

[END LOG]

#### ****Addendum 4: Active Video Logs****

---

As of 19/08/2037 access to SCP-7347's onboard computing system has been gained. Recovered documents include summaries of the daily running of SCP-7347, decisions from the current O5 Council, important SCP research, and [REDACTED].

In addition to this, several active video feeds were found to still be receiving a signal. Whilst many of these feeds were of the interior of SCP-7347, some were found to be displaying mining activity within an unrecognised asteroid belt. One feed, in particular, was facing out past the mining site and into space, showing millions of bloated, frozen objects floating randomly in a biconal area.

<< [SCP-7346](SCP-7346) | SCP-7347 | [SCP-7348](SCP-7348) >>

=====

> **Filename:** CentralDistrictBars

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

=====

> **Filename:** CentralDistrictCommercial

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

=====

> **Filename:** CentralDistrictGardens

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

=====

> **Filename:** CentralSpireDistrict

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

=====

> **Filename:** FarmingDistrict

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

=====

> **Filename:** HousingDistrict

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

=====

> **Filename:** ResearchDistrict

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

=====

> **Filename:** TopologyScan

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

=====

> **Filename:** LyskammPeak110remix.png

> **Name:** CH.VS.Zermatt 2022-07-16 Air-Zermatt 5855 16x9-R.jpg

> **Author:** Roy Egloff

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:CH.VS.Zermatt_2022-07-16_Air-Zermatt_5855_16x9-R.jpg

=====
