@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Special+Elite&display=swap');

.transcript{

    border:dotted 1px #000000;

    background:#f2f3f4;

    width:80%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

.transcript-short{

    border:dotted 1px #000000;

    background:#f2f3f4;

    width:55%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

.incident{

    border:dotted 1px #000000;

    background:#E2DADE;

    width:80%;

    font-size: 15px;

    font-family: 'Special Elite';

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

    box-shadow: 0 0 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

}

#page-content .table2 tr th,

#page-content .table2 .scp-image-bloc .scp-image-caption {

    background-color: #f0dc82;

}

.archive{

    border:dotted 1px #000000;

    background:#F3E9DD;

    width:80%;

    font-size: 15px;

    font-family: 'Special Elite', Cursive;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

    box-shadow: 0 0 8px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

}

.excerpt{

    font-size: 18px;

    font-family: 'Verdana';

}

.excerpt-end{

    font-size: 18px;

    font-family: 'Verdana';

    width:55%;

}

.jarhead {

  font-family: 'Special Elite', cursive;

    font-size: 24px;

}

, an actual crustacean

⚠️ **Content Warning:** This article contains violence and death and mind control.

]]

---

---

### Special Containment Procedures

According to the Hughes Psionic-Stochastic Principle, SCP-7994 is currently infeasible to contain. **Gödel**-class objects are explainable as an effect of an anomalous scientific law. 

Security detail for protected individuals affected by SCP-7994, regardless of affiliation with the Secret Service or CTF Iota-49 ("Silver Eagles") must submit at least 20 PSRV tests daily before entering service. Personnel assigned to protected individuals are to be replaced every two months for their own safety. 

Because of the nature of psionic-stochastic anomalies, SCP-7994-A events do not resemble anomalies to uninitiated observers except when viewed as a trend. Public knowledge of events caused by SCP-7994-A cannot be suppressed, but ~~have been publicly relegated to a fringe superstition~~ despite a majority of Americans holding a conspiratorial belief towards one or more SCP-7994-A event, a "Firehosing" strategy of disinformation has prevented the proliferation of knowledge related specifically to SCP-7994.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=350px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-hpsp-chart.png

|add-caption=true

|caption= Psionic-Stochastic Risk Value of general population (Blue) vs. Psionic-Stochastic Risk Value of selected 48 members of the Kennedy family (Red).

]]

### Containment Addendum SCP-7994-A

The following is a list of restrictions set upon individuals receiving Foundation protection from SCP-7994. 

<details>
<summary>Containment Addendum SCP-7994-A</summary>

Affect individuals must 

* Submit PSRV tests weekly or whenever asked,

* Avoid high-intensity recreational activities:

 * Firearm sports

 * Mountaineering/rock climbing

 * Skiing/sledding

 * Skydiving

 * Swimming in open water

 * Vehicular racing, (16 more)

* Avoid where possible large public crowds,

* Avoid where possible passenger flights, trains, and cars containing other affected individuals,

* Avoid high-stress environments where possible

</details>

### Containment Addendum SCP-7994-B

SCP-7994-B is to remain in the possession of CTF Iota-49 "Eagle" as part of his equipment loadout.

### Description

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=250px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-7000-b.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption= SCP-7994-B.

]]

SCP-7994 is *Il Rito del Giocatori*, a Catholic dark sacrament **Dark Sacrament:** In Roman Catholic canon, a cult, image, mantra, or ritual which channels Deific energy for explicitly forbidden thaumaturgic purposes.  practiced in Italian organized crime. The ritual imprecates a psionic-stochastic **Psionic:** Related to innate electrovital sensory and manipulative capabilities in humans and other chordates. 

**Stochastic:** Related to random distribution.

**Psionic-Stochastic:** Related to the effect of an individual's unique psionic trace upon the determination of probabilistic events.  disorder on the target, adversely affecting their Psionic-Stochastic Risk Value **Psionic-Stochastic Risk Value:** The effect of an individual's unique psionic trace resulting in dysfunctional, unintended, or "unlucky" probabilistic determinations. Measured on a scale from 0 to 3, with normal distribution across the general population.  (PSRV). Targets of SCP-7994 have on average a PSRV of 2.25, within the 95^^th^^ percentile of normalcy. Individuals are predisposed to experience spurious environmental and medical hazards; a subset of these effects, henceforth SCP-7994-A, is a predisposition to fatal attacks, plots, mechanical failures, and human errors. These hazards are dangerous to the target, individuals immediately near the target, and individuals known to the targets. 

Upwards of 900 individuals have been documented as afflicted by this imprecation since 1920; SCP-7994 is most typically invoked against gamblers,  business rivals, criminal adversaries, and witnesses. Notably, SCP-7994 has been invoked by the Costello-Reinfeld smuggling syndicate The largest bootlegging ring in operation during alcohol prohibition in the United States.  against the prominent Kennedy political family and people connected to the Kennedy family. 

SCP-7994-B is a gold ring; engraved on the inside band is the phrase "Let no callamitie seperat amitie." The object was created as a contact-based psionic inhibition broadcaster **Psionic Inhibition Broadcaster:** A mechanism broadcasting psionic particles which reduce or alter the electrovital activity of a target; a 'mind-control' device.  with variable effects related to the wearer's unique psionic trace. Secondarily, the object is a psionic defense mechanism which confers a low Psionic-Stochastic Risk Value to the wearer.

---

### Addendum 7994.A1: Background on the Kennedy Family

The Kennedy political family are the highest priority SCP-7994 affected individuals. Responses to SCP-7994-A events related to the Kennedy family are consistently complicated by public scrutiny and criminal-political connections.

The Kennedy family has faced retaliation for Joseph Kennedy Sr.'s involvement with **[GoI-001](chicago-spirit)**:

= Excerpt from *Untold Riches: The Secret History of Gang Warfare in Chicago*, published 1992

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=350px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-merchandise-mart.jpg

|add-caption=false

]]

The Spirit entered the year 1930 unchallenged. With Capone in prison yet again and Joseph Reinfeld defaulting on his debts, the deluge of liquor began to dry up. This was exactly the playing field the Chappell gang wanted, and so they called in that favor from the Caribbean.

The rum operation opened for business in March of that year; this time, Chappell had circumvented the need for overseas rumrunners. A Way had been forged, linking the distilleries of the Dominican and Cuba to the heart of Chicago. The police would testify that this Way was underneath Merchandise Mart. Kennedy Sr. had already found himself in the Spirit's line of sight, and, so Costello claimed, Kennedy lent his legitimacy and connections for this new bootlegging pipeline. On a good day, the Spirit moved thirty barrels of the nectar as if they were any other wholesaler. In six months, Kennedy's misgivings had settled; he pinched over two million dollars for his cooperation. This was of course a fraction of what the Spirit earned, but more than what Kennedy ever allegedly made working with Costello and Reinfeld. By November, Kennedy had cut his ties to all bootleggers except the Chappell gang.

Already before 1929 Reinfeld lost his place as the biggest bootlegger in America, but being snubbed by the Kennedy patriarch truly left his business high and dry. He felt it necessary to retaliate against the Spirit. Reinfeld had only five enforcers left in Chicago after gambling with the money that was supposed to pay them; their fates were all sealed when he appealed to his friend Joseph one final time. 

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=left

|width=350px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-jpk-1930.PNG

|add-caption=true

|caption= Joseph Kennedy and an anonymous member of the Spirit.

]]

It can be assumed that Kennedy attempted to convince his former associate to cut his losses. Kennedy definitely knew what declaring war on the Chappell family meant. Reinfeld couldn't be moved. He sent his five good men straight to the source, where the Spirit was lying in wait having been tipped off by Kennedy. Before the end of the day, six men laid dead in the underbelly of the Mart; four of Reinfeld and Costello's men, and two of Chappell's.

Kennedy had not only betrayed Reinfeld's plan to the Spirit, but also the police. CCSO Deputy Richard Cain elucidated on the stand that the police had a bargain with the Spirit that year. "Sheriff Traeger wanted some amity with Chappell. He knew he was retiring soon" Cain claimed. Rather than fight the Spirit, he alleged, the police helped Chappell clean out their competition. The hope was that, if the Chappell gang was the last one standing, the cycle of gangland-cop killings would simmer for the time. Cain said that he was there to round up the stragglers, while the Spirit and his fellow deputies waited below. 

= . . .

Though Costello-Reinfeld were beaten down for the next few years, their business not only outlived prohibition, it outlived the Spirit. Kennedy had burnt his bridges with La Cosa Nostra and his old business partners, and now the Chappell family had dropped out of the game. He would pay the price, and have to spend the rest of that decade looking over his shoulder for hired guns. The mob was not done with him.

In the years following the dissolution of GoI-001, Joseph Kennedy was an alleged target of the Costello crime family. He described a pattern of extortion and blackmail which only escalated as he rose in political prominence. Coinciding with these direct threats on their lives by organized crime, Kennedy also alleged accidents and acts of violence have claimed the lives of half of his children. The fatal calamities befalling the Kennedy family, which are anomalous and cannot be attributed to malice action, are an effect of SCP-7994. Over a twenty-five year period, these incidents may be attributable as SCP-7994-A events:

| Date | Incident |
| --- | --- |
| 08/12/44 | Airman Joseph P Kennedy Jr. and his copilot are killed in action over East Suffolk, England. They were flying a BQ-8 radio-guided flying bomb, which prematurely detonated. |
| 05/13/48 | Kathleen Cavendish (*née* Kennedy) and three others are killed in a plane crash near Saint-Bauzile, France. The plane experienced severe storm conditions and broke up before impacting the ground. |
| 10/03/55 | George and Ann Skakel (parents of Ethel Kennedy) and a pilot are killed in a plane crash near Union City, Oklahoma. Cause of the crash was determined to be a stress-induced propeller failure. |
| 08/04/62 | Norma Jeane Mortenson dies of acute barbituate toxicity. |
| 10/14/62 | Edward M Kennedy and Robert F Kennedy sustain minor injuries in a hotel fire which kills five. |
| 08/09/63 | Patrick B Kennedy is born five weeks premature. He dies thirty-nine hours later of infant respiratory distress disorder. |
| 11/22/63 | JFK Sr., **[despite preventative measures](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3780)**, is assassinated by gunshot in Dallas, Texas. It is determined that the shooters acted within **[a conspiracy](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/etc-proposal)**. |
| 06/19/64 | Edward M Kennedy is injured and three others die in a plane crash near Southampton, Massachusetts. The plane experienced severe storm conditions and impacted the ground. |
| 06/04/68 | David A Kennedy, aged 13, nearly drowns after being caught in the undertow in  Malibu, California. He is saved by the quick intervention of his father Robert F Kennedy Sr. |
| 06/05/68 | RFK Sr. is assassinated by gunshot in Los Angeles, California. Apprehended suspect Sirhan Sirhan is believed to have committed the act under the duress of a conspiracy. |
| 07/18/69 | Mary Jo Kopechne drowns in a single-vehicle accident caused by Edward M Kennedy, who sustains no injuries. |
---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=250px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-bush-young.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption= George HW Bush, 1944.

]]

### Addendum 7994.A2: Background on SCP-7994-B

In 1933, known occultist Prescott Bush, member of the Skull and Bones Brotherhood **Skull and Bones Brotherhood:** AKA Order 322, a defunct exclusive occult society for students of Yale University. Members are known as **Bonesmen**.  acquired SCP-7994-B from an undisclosed source. Bush was instructed to provide this ring to a third party who could use psionic influence to oust president Franklin Delano Roosevelt; however, this attempt was thwarted when Smedley Butler, the prospective SCP-7994-B candidate, exposed the plot.

Instead, Prescott Bush gave SCP-7994-B to his son and future president George HW Bush (PSRV .45). HW Bush's inherently tychomantic **Tychomancy:** The practice of thaumaturgic probability manipulation.  psionic trace is amplified by SCP-7994-B.  HW Bush was educated for military service and at age 20 became the Navy's youngest airman. Through WWII, HW Bush participated in 58 missions in the Pacific and performed with distinction. In one particular incident during WWII,  HW Bush was the sole survivor out of a crew of nine airmen in part due to the stochastic influence of SCP-7994-B.

Enrolling in Yale business school, HW Bush would join the Skull and Bones Brotherhood like his father. Between 1948 and 1957, HW Bush tapped eleven newly discovered oil wells in Texas and California found through divination. These factors initiated his induction as a psionic correspondent for the Central Intelligence Agency.

In 1959, as part of a mutual-interest disclosure agreement, the CIA provided the following memo:

---

]]

**TO BE DISTRIBUTED 10/10/59**

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=300px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-psionic-inhibitor.png

|add-caption=false

|caption=

]]

 **INTERNAL MEMO**

To all agents concerned;

A psionic broadcaster is a dangerous device which causes damage to your electrovital impulses. These impulses effect your motor functions and thought processing, and acute damage to your electrovital impulses can in crucial situations make you inept, feel intoxicated, or render you unconscious. Your electrovital impulses are comparable to a magnet; your impulses are naturally charged, and can be deflected by an outside source of electrovitality. A psionic device might look like this machine. Psionic broadcasters are mass produced in the Soviet Union and distributed to communist satellite states. 

@@ @@

Field agents must be able to identify a psionic attack in progress.

Included with this memo is a magnetic cassette tape. The recording is a replication of the sound conditions of a psionic particle broadcaster. No psionic effects will result from listening to a sound recording. If such a sound is heard in a compromised situation, it is imperative that agents evacuate the area and immediately notify command.

@@ @@

---

Beginning 1960, a coordinated violent campaign targeting John F Kennedy (PSRV 2.30) was identified by the Central Intelligence Agency.  Agent HW Bush, acting in the capacity as head of CIA psionics, organized an internal response force for psionic attacks, first activated on 10/20/60:

= Excerpts from the Fourth Kennedy-Nixon Presidential Debate

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=250px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-debate-2.png

|add-caption=true

|caption= Broadcast begins.

]]

**Smith:** This is Howard Smith at CBS News, proud to bring you the fourth and final radio-television debate of this presidential campaign. Our candidates need no introduction. Good evening, Senator Kennedy.

**Kennedy:** Good evening, Mr. Smith.

**Smith:** And good evening, Vice President Nixon.

**Nixon:** Good evening, Howard.

<*The first 35 minutes of debate are unexceptional. Nixon and Kennedy follow the debate format as established. Correspondents Sander Vanocur and Charles Warren are selected to question the candidates.*>

**Kennedy:**... Not enough has been done to safeguard those opportunities. It's my hope that, whoever becomes president, that these programs which put our children through school only grow and that we give our children more with which to work. 

**Smith:** Mr. Vanocur with a question for Senator Kennedy.

**Vanocur:** Senator, the main theme of your campaign has been a decline in American power and prestige this past eight years.  What in your view has the executive office failed to do to secure America's position, and what can be done to reroute such a decline in the next four years?

**Kennedy:** The question here, and it weighs on our minds,  is, "What will this do to our future?" I've been critical of the president. In fact, I would return to the previous point and say that the president has failed to equip our children for the future. The issue of our prestige isn't solved if we are held back...  

<*From 35:39 onward, an oscillating buzzing sound is recorded on the studio cameras.*>

**Smith:** Mr. Vice President.

**Nixon:** First off, I believe the Senator should make up his mind as to my responsibility. Let me make my position clear: I am proud of this administration. I will not stand on its record, I will build upon it...

<*From, 38:40 onward, Nixon begins to visibly to tremble.*>

**Warren:** Mr. Kennedy, if elected president, how will you move forward in regards to the Western hemisphere? Where do you and the current administration's policies differ in response to Fidel Castro's movement in Cuba?

**Kennedy:** I think, and I think most of America agrees, that Nixon and Eisenhower's soft opposition to Castro is not in the interest of the safety of our Latin American neighbors. The economic quarantine is not doing its job. This administration has been far too slow to act. Continuing to do so would amount to nothing more than appeasement. I—

**Nixon:** *Appeasement*? That's a bold accusation, Senator. I've never—

**Smith:** Vice President, you are talking out of turn.

**Kennedy:** Let him go on, Howard.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=250px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-debate-3.png

|add-caption=true

|caption= Nixon affected by the psionic broadcast.

]]

**Nixon:** Now, never in my time in office have I appeased the Castro regime. Everyone in the executive is excited to put his regime under in due time, when it is acceptable. That is *my* promise. Now you, Mr. Kennedy.

**Kennedy:** That due time needs to be *sooner* rather than later. My government will do what it takes to stand up to communist encroachment. No, Mr. Warren, communism is not winning in the Western Hemisphere. We will— I will promise you that communism will not last on our doorstep. We will not condition our country to see the world through the eyes of defeat. The Castro regime is the result of long-term missteps. They will not last on their terms.

**Smith:** So, um, your reply, Mr. Nixon?

**Nixon:** Well, my only reply would be to assure that I have the, um, the utmost concern for the Cuban people, and that all Cuban refugees will be able to return home within our lifetime. And so, I say... I would say just that.

**Smith:** Okay, question from Mr. Vanocur.

**Vanocur:** Senator Kennedy, a lot of eyes are on the headlines that talk about scandal in Hollywood or New York. The public perceives crime generally to be on the rise, and sees the most well-off criminals as political untouchables. As president, how would you direct these investigations at a federal level?

**Kennedy:** Well, I would hope to enable the whole country against organized crime. The Justice Department must be the link between state law enforcement agencies, because men like Jimmy Hoffa skirt the law every state he goes, so yes—  

**Nixon:** Why don't you talk about the Chicago mob?

**Kennedy:** What did you ask? 

**Nixon:** Why not talk about the union votes they're grabbing for you, huh? 

**Smith:** Mr. Vice President, refr—

**Kennedy:** Now that is the most ridiculous claim. What a sore accusation. You don't have the union vote because you've spent eight years against them!

**Nixon:** Come on, it isn't because daddy Joe is helping you out?

<*Nixon and Kennedy bicker inaudibly over one another.*>

**Smith:** Okay, this segment is over. To the— on to the next—

**Nixon:** Shut up, pinko!

**Kennedy:** Yeah, will you shut up? You bring up my father, Dick? You are that low? If I had said that your mother—

<*The candidates' microphones are shut off and cameras cut to presenter Smith.*>

**Smith:** I truly, uh, regret this display here. The next segment—

<*Kennedy accosts Smith from his seat and grabs his microphone. No one interferes.*>

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=250px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-debate-4.png

|add-caption=true

|caption= Senator Kennedy hypnotically addresses the viewing audience.

]]

**Kennedy:** Truly, know what's good for you and get out of here, commie!

<*Smith exits stage right at the suggestion.*>

**Kennedy:** Okay! Cameras, over here. Now.

<*All cameras shift to Senator Kennedy.*>

**Kennedy:** Now listen, my father is a good man—

<*Nixon inaudibly yells at Kennedy.*>

**Kennedy:** Joe Kennedy is a good Christian man who has fuck-all to do with the mob, get it straight! I promise as your president, the hammer will come down on the mob bosses...

<*The cameras and Senator Kennedy appear to lift a few inches off the ground*>

**Kennedy:** So I hope this matter can be settled now and for good. This election is bigger than me or my family. You must vote for me to get closer to God. Understand me, if you vote for Nixon, it is the end times. Hear me. This man would have us blunder into our own surrender. Vote for me, for **[COGNITOHAZARD EXPUNGED]**. You don't believe this man, this embalmed corpse, could stand to the task. You the people **[COGNITOHAZARD EXPUNGED]** and stand with me for God's sake. 

<*Kennedy looks directly into the camera.*>

**Kennedy:** You, in the broadcast room, don't you dare take me off the air. *Don't* do it. This is the important message. You, in your home, it's time to all be true patriots. You, you *all* can stand to the task **[COGNITOHAZARD EXPUNGED]**. If we don't, **[COGNITOHAZARD EXPUNGED]**.

= **[MINUTES 40:35 TO 45:00 EXPUNGED]**

<*From 45:00, Kennedy and Nixon are in a physical altercation on the debate stage as the correspondents and audience look on. Kennedy places a choke hold on Nixon.*>

**Kennedy:** See, my people? This man is weak, too weak for the office. You need a virile, God-fearing Kennedy. Swear to it!

<*The studio audience applauds for Kennedy. Cheers and calls to "kill him" can be heard. Nixon begins to asphyxiate.*> 

<*At 45:41, Agent Bush enters the stage from the audience and rushes Kennedy. Before the crowd could interfere, SCP-7994-B made contact with Kennedy, returning him to cognizance.*>

**Kennedy:** What— What's happening? Who—

**Bush:** Senator, we're under attack. Take my hand!

<*Bush pulls Kennedy away from Nixon and draws his pistol. The crowd begins to disperse and find cover. Five shots are fired at the stage, narrowly missing Agent Bush. Returning six shots, Agent Bush strikes the shooter twice and a bystander once.*>

<*Bush approaches the shooter and disables the broadcast device. The room remains inundated with psions.*>

**Kennedy:** What the hell am I doing!? What is this?

**Bush:** You had a paradoxical reaction, Senator.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=250px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-debate-6.png

|add-caption=true

|caption= Agent Bush nullifies the effects of the psionic broadcast.

]]

<*Agents working under Bush filed into the room to secure the device.*>

**Kennedy:** A wha— who are you?

**Bush:** I'm the agent in charge. We're under attack, but it's calm, now. Listen, we're still live here. What you've done—

 **Kennedy:** I wasn't in control there! I was trapped in the back of my mind!

**Bush:** *Listen*, Jack. Doesn't matter. I need you to calm down and get back in your seat so we can end the show.

<*Agents find Nixon covering behind the stage wall, who is dragged kicking to the stage.*>

**Nixon:** No, keep me away from that psycho!

**Bush:** You won't have to see him again after this.

<*The candidates are placed in their seats, Bush having replaced the host.*>

**Bush:** My fellow Americans, I am sorry you all had to see that. What happened on this night was an attack on our integrity. I cannot tell you why, or by what weapon, this attacker has done this. But we cannot allow this to spoil this race. Now in this time of trouble, let me lead you in a prayer. All of us pray on this. 

<*Psionic feedback begins to localize around Agent Bush.*>

<*Bush enables the broadcaster with the frequency set to amnesticization.*>

= **[AMNESTIC TRIGGER EXPUNGED]**

<*From 55:00, the candidates and correspondents remain motionless in their seats.*>

<*The cameras pull out to a wide shot. The crowd is still while federal agents fill the room. The TV broadcast is successfully taken off air.*> 

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=250px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-debate-1.png

|add-caption=true

|caption= Broadcast ends.

]]

**Commentary:** The only fatality of the debate was the attacker, 27-year-old Chinese national Su Lin. Lin resided in Milford, Connecticut, traveled to the scene of the attack solo, and had no known connections with violent political or criminal organizations. The psionic inhibition broadcaster was of the mass-produced Soviet variety. Kennedy's paradoxical psionic reaction was a psionomanic response attributable to SCP-7994. 

Anticipating further attacks, the US Secret Service and Central Intelligence Agency agreed on full cooperation between agencies and the Foundation regarding the candidates' security. 

 

SCP-7994-B inoculated Agent Bush against the psionic attack which he had witnessed on television. Bush had been the only dispatched agent capable of entering the debate hall while the broadcast device was active. Following this attack, Bush submitted to the SCP Foundation for transparent analysis of his psionic trace, the capabilities of SCP-7994-B, and all CIA casefiles related to the Kennedy family. After conclusion of research, Bush announced his intention to bestow SCP-7994-B to the winner of the presidential race.

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=350px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-jfk-bush.png

|add-caption=true

|caption= CTF I-49 "Eagle" and President Kennedy.

]]

### Addendum 7994.B1: The Kennedy Presidency

After the events of the Fourth Kennedy-Nixon debate, a convention of the Overseer Council and Department of Defense evaluated infiltration of the United States Executive Office as an ongoing **##firebrick|Code-Red##** threat. A landslide victory for Kennedy was predicted with 90% certainty due to subconscious psionic fallout. Senator Kennedy was determined to be psionically unfit for office and preliminary plans to impeach Kennedy were created. 

When the election results arrived, Kennedy's popular vote exceeded Nixon's by less than 120,000 votes; a smaller margin of victory than was predicted before the debate. The FBI Unusual Incidents Unit determined that election integrity had not been compromised by the televised psionic event. Kennedy received SCP-7994-B from Agent Bush after his election certification. Plans to incite his impeachment were disposed; the threat level was reduced to **##gold|Code-Yellow##**. Combined Task Force I-49 was established as a multi-organizational response team against future attacks on the mental integrity of the federal government.

Agent HW Bush (henceforth I-49 "Eagle") maintained the dual position of captain of the task force and director of psionics at the CIA for approximately one year. I-49 "Eagle" was removed or resigned from his CIA position in November of 1961 due to refusal to participate in **[Operation Mongoose](https://www.encyclopedia.com/politics/encyclopedias-almanacs-transcripts-and-maps/operation-mongoose)**, but retained his position on the task force to protect the president's family. 

Through all Foundation tests and one field incident, President Kennedy was consistently electrovitally inert when bearing SCP-7994-B. Cooperation in psionics research led to the creation of countermeasures operating on this same principle. Selective broadcast devices have been installed in vehicles and buildings in frequent use by government and Foundation personnel, which detect high-intensity psion fields and release nullifying opposite-charged psions in response. However, occurrence of uncontrolled psionic-stochastic incidents increased at a rate which CTF I-49 could not secure. Over a two-year period, at least eleven fatalities related to SCP-7994-A afflicted the Kennedy family, CTF I-49, and others:

04/20/61

---

**Incident:** A Douglas B-26 bomber carrying an I-49 agent and two others was returning to base following the failed Bay of Pigs invasion. The plane ditched in water with no survivors while en route to Homestead ARB, Miami. 

**Commentary:** No cause could be determined from the crash.

10/22/61

---

**Incident:** At approximately 03:05, an I-49 agent had finished his shift at the White House and exited via the north lawn. He was struck by a drunk driver moments after attempting to cross the street. This was the fourth off-duty vehicular accident to incapacitate an agent, and the first to be fatal.

**Commentary:** Following this death, procedures regarding PSRV testing were implemented regularly. It was discovered that the PSRV of all I-49 agents as well as general associates of the Kennedy family escalates with exposure, with some agents have ratings as high as 2.45 after ten months of service.

09/12/62

---

**Incident:** A CIA agent with psionic weapons made an attempt on the life of Fidel Castro (est. PSRV .75). Castro displayed a "temporary personality disorientation" during a speech as a result of a psionic broadcasting device. The device malfunctioned causing the agent to glow brightly and stand out from within the crowd. The attempt was thwarted with no ill effects to Castro and the agent was executed.

**Commentary:** In another attempt, the Justice Department under Robert F Kennedy (PSRV 2.15) would propose criminal immunity to Chicago Outfit leader Salvatore Giancana if his organization imprecated SCP-7994 upon Fidel Castro. No information is available regarding the implementation of this arrangement; all other attempts on Castro's life end in failure.

Over the same period, at least four attempts were made on the lives of RFK and EMK. The assassins invariably were influenced by psionic manipulation when the attacks took place. On 10/10/62 attempted assassin Laura Ramos was apprehended:

= Incident #7994-249

**Prior:** Robert F Kennedy and Edward M Kennedy were residing in the Langham Hotel in Boston, Massachusetts. Associates of La Cosa Nostra own the establishment and had met with RFK the previous night. The Kennedys are in a shared room under I-49 protection.

---

<*At 05:43, Ramos approaches Agent I-49 #013 with a cart of cleaning items.*>

**Ramos:** Housekeeping! One minute please.

**I-49 #013:** Not now, come back in a few.

<*Pause.*>

**Ramos:** Housekeeping. Only one minute please.

<*Agent #013 does not allow entry into the room. Agent #055 does the same as Ramos attempts to enter the adjacent room, which is unoccupied. Ramos enters a corner room further way.*>

<*At 05:44, an increase in negative psions is detected by Agent #013's selective broadcast device. Within seconds, Ramos blind-fires four Magnum caliber shots through the walls, striking Ted Kennedy in the shoulder and grazing Robert Kennedy.*>

<*Agent #013 renders aide to the Kennedys while four agents encircle Ramos's vantage point. Ramos fires one more shot at the Kennedys and misses as the agents begin battering her door.*>

<*Ramos fires one shot through the door. Agent #055 is struck in his bulletproof vest, incapacitating him with a broken rib.*>

<*The door snaps open. Ramos attempts to reload but fumbles the hot gun. She is apprehended and handcuffed inside the hotel basement.*>

= . . .

<*Cosa Nostra associates Michael Cuscino and Ana Perello are present, the latter providing translation assistance for I-49*.>

**Perello:** [Spanish] ... You know who gave you that gun, at least?

**Ramos:** [SP] No. It was in the cart when the thought came to me.

**Perello:** [SP]  No one brings a gun into this hotel without *me* knowing, so I don't think that's all there is to it.

**Ramos:** [SP] I don't know what came over me! I can't— I'm sorry. Is the president dead?

**Perello:** [SP] You didn't shoot— No, he isn't dead. [English] More of the same. She's just manic.

**Robert:** That's how it usually goes with these types.

<*Robert Kennedy speaks to I-49 "Eagle" via landline.*>

**Robert:** There's nothing really to say, here.

**Eagle:** Yeah, they know nothing until they remember everything. 

<*Ted is supported on Agent #013's shoulder and led to the basement.*>

**#013:** Just one question to ask, gentlemen, then on your way—

**Edward:** Who are these people? Has they done the test?

**#013:** No, they're associates. Just answer m—

**Edward:** No, come on! Who're they working for?

**Robert:** Teddy, brother, shut your goddamn mouth.

**Edward:** If they both refuse take the test, what more is there to say?

**Robert:** Ted, it's not a spy test. Why can't we—

**Edward:** Because people are tried to kill us, Bobby! 

<*Agent #013 produces a Liberty Silver coin and offers it to the Cosa Nostra agents.*>

**#013:** Just flip it ten times, that's what he wants.

**Edward:** Twenty!

**#013:** Twenty times.

<*Cuscino and Perello take turns performing a field PSRV test. Receiving respectively 11 heads and 8 heads, they score a 1.35 and 1.80.*>

**Edward:** Isn't 1.80 too much nowadays?

**#013:** No, Ted, shut— do you recognize who shot you?

**Edward:** No, her? Why would I?

**#013:** That's all! Now get to the doctor!

<*An agent brings Ted to a car while the interview fails to progress.*>

= . . .

**Eagle:** ...Could we ask her about how her childhood might have influenced her to do this?

**Perello:** I... I suppose. [SP] When you were real little, did you always feel this way?...

**#013:** Mr. Kennedy, Ted's getting patched up. he'll be fine. You don't have any more business here. Should we exfil?

**Robert:** Yeah, I think so. 

**Eagle:** ... I can speak some Spanish. Maybe let her speak over the phone?

<*Robert receives the phone from Perello.*>

**Robert:** Hey, George, I'm on my way out. Thank you as always.

**Eagle:** You take care, Robert. I—

<*The psionic alarms in the White House interrupt "Eagle".*>

**Eagle:** Get to safety, Robert.

<*Call disconnects.*>

<*At 06:22, an influx of negative psions once again is detected. A gas main in the kitchen above the basement spontaneously combusts; two workers in the kitchen and Agent #013 are immediately killed. Agents quickly secure the Attorney General in the exfiltration car.*>

<*At 06:26, en route to the safehouse, the vehicle is struck on the driver's side, instantly killing the two agents inside. Upon back-up arriving at the scene, Robert Kennedy was missing.*> 

---

**Commentary:** Laura Ramos is a Cuban national aged 19 at time of incident. Ramos arrived to America as a refugee in 1960. Her life cannot be verifiably accounted from 1961 onward, and she alleges complete retrograde amnesia of events leading to the attempt on the Kennedy brothers. A total of five would perish in the Langham Hotel fire.

Following the events at the Langham Hotel, Robert Kennedy was held hostage by the Skull and Bones Brotherhood. Concurrently, President Kennedy entered a period of protracted psionomania.

= White House Phone Transcript, 10/10/62

---

**Secretary:** You've reached the White House visitor's center, please ho—

**Unidentified Bonesman:** Connect me to the President, *tout-suite*.

**Secretary:** Please hold.

**Bonesman:** We know where Bobby Kennedy is b—

<*The line is held for approx. 15 minutes.*>

**Secretary:** Hello, thank you for holdin—

**Bonesman:** I have information which will lead to the safe return of the Attorney General.

**Secretary:** I don't follow.

**Bonesman:** Get someone on the line who *does*, then.

= . . .

**Eagle:** Who are you and where is Robert Kennedy?

**Bonesman:** George, George, George, it's up to you to make this right. You know the Kennedys weren't part of the plan.

**Eagle:** The plan? 

**Bonesman:** Yes. The slimy, cursed bastard isn't doing so hot right now, is he? The ring might be saving him, but it can't save those dearest to him.

**Eagle:** The ring? You— you tell us where Bobby is, no games!

**Bonesman:** No, George, you're the one on a time limit. You and Bobby, and Jack, and the whole damn country.

<*President Kennedy enters the room. An oscillating hum interferes with the phone call.*>

**Kennedy:** Who is it, George? Is it Bobby?

**Eagle:** No, Mr. President. Please let us talk this ou—

**Kennedy:** You telling me what to do? Give me the damn phone, George!

<*"Eagle" relents to the president.*>

**Kennedy:** Now listen, you silly son of a bitch! Whatever ransom you want, you're not getting it! Any problem you have with Cosa, it's on them! You're gonna be one sorry bastard if you think we're going to foot any money for them!

**Bonesman:** This isn't the mob, Mr. Kennedy. Just listen up. We don't want your money, we want you to resign. And then we want Johnson to resign. And if the problem remains with McCormack, he resigns too. Only then will Bobby be freed.

**Kennedy:** And what problem is that?

**Bonesman:** *You* are unfit. Your bad luck's rubbing off on everyone. Didn't get the hint when Marylin croaked. Not when you sent those good men to die for Cuba. You just keep raising the stakes. Keep it up, and we're going to use the easy solution on you and Bobby. 

<*Psionic interference alarms begin sounding.*>

**Eagle:** Mr. President, it's best we— 

**Kennedy:** No, I won't negotiate with the likes of you.  You're going to bring my brother here, unharmed, *now*! Son of a bitch, if you so much as— I dare you to **[COGNITOHAZARD EXPUNGED]**.

**Bonesman:** That's not gonna work, Jack. We got rings, too, and ours work better than yours. You can't live on borrowed luck forever. We can wait, but can you?

<*Call disconnects.*>

---

**Commentary:** Within 24 hours, Agent "Eagle" would contact defectors within the Brotherhood and successfully located the facility holding Robert Kennedy on the island of Cuba. Plans drafted to invade Cuba with overwhelming numbers were rejected by the CIA due to the Soviet ICBM arsenal identified on Cuba and excessive mechanical failures afflicting of US military vehicles and armaments.

President Kennedy drafted and attempted to send the following correspondence to the communist government of Cuba:

= **Dear "El Comandante" Castro**,

### You. Are. **Finished**!!

@@ @@

Your provocations against the American people will not go unanswered. Our great country's tolerance has worn thin.

@@ @@

If you do not release my brother, ****Attorney General Robert Francis Kennedy****, from captivity; if you do not stop the communist subversion of ****patriotic American**** organizations; if you do not ****immediately resign and flee**** from the island of Cuba:

@@ @@

#### The Cuban people will suffer **every molecule of my mind powers**!

@@ @@

I will soon find my full strength. You will never know peace. You must know that our nation's combined psions are ****much**** stronger than your pitiful attempts to harm us. You must know that we will succeed and, though it will be trivial for us, it will cost you everything. 

@@ @@

Additionally, I have authorized the ****full strength of US strategic nuclear retaliation**** to annihilate you if these demands are not met. Already have I called upon the ****United Nations**** to manifest the success of our missile program and amplify my now-unbounded psionic powers . I have made my intentions known and have the hearts of many nations on my side. All it would take to ****destroy**** your short-lived regime is for millions of freedom-loving souls to turn their heads towards the island of Cuba and imagine in its place a glassed landscape liberated from your evil-doings.

@@ @@

If the demands stated in this letter are not satisfied within ****72 hours****, or harm is brought upon ****Robert Kennedy****, the ****United States Congress**** will unanimously vote for war against the nation of Cuba and its allies. Moreover, I will ****personally**** kill you with my mind powers, ****Fidel Castro****! 

@@ @@

#### **So help me God**,

@@ @@

#### John Fitzgerald Kennedy @@           @@

@@ @@

The letter was intercepted before reaching its recipient. In response to Kennedy's psionomania, the Global Occult Coalition issued a directive disavowing intelligence cooperation with the SCP Foundation and the United States Federal government until his removal from office. 

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=250px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanlucky/scp-cuban-crisis.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption= Range of Soviet nuclear missiles.

]]

### Addendum 7994.B2 The Cuban Crisis

Due to Kennedy's psionomania, a catastrophic system failure of psionic defense mechanisms began to occur throughout Washington, D.C. The president was held at Camp David for the duration of events as a **##firebrick|Code-Red##** psionic infiltration event was once again declared by the Overseer Council. 

A determination was made that proximity to SCP-7994-A events and long-term exposure to psionic  broadcasts have permanently altered the noospheric **Noosphere:** The background psion particle field generated by human electrovital impulses.  composition of the US federal government.

Despite O5 Command objections, on 10/15/62, President Kennedy was informed by the CIA of the confirmed presence of Soviet nuclear ICBMs located on the island of Cuba. Proposals to force Kennedy's resignation through psionic influence were underway until the **[ERZATZ AK9 computational engine](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-001-ex)** was consulted by O5 Command. During a meeting with EXCOMM **Ex**ecutive **Comm**ittee of the National Security Council.  discussions were held regarding the probability that the conflict will escalate into a Third World War:

= Meeting of EXCOMM, 10/22/62

**Present:** John F Kennedy (2.40 without SCP-7994-B), Secretary McNamara (1.95), I-49 "Eagle" (.60), O5-6 (0.50), O5-9 (1.05), O5-10 (0.90)

---

<*The meeting occurs in the Camp David bunker. Kennedy has chosen to forgo walking in favor of psionic levitation; as he enters the room, the overhead lights suddenly fail and the room is lit by his psionoluminescence.*> 

**O5-9:** President Kennedy, I'm glad to be heard in person.

**Kennedy:** Yes, yes. Out with it. 

**O5-9:** Okay. The whole country is holding their breath that you to not turn this into a war, Mr. Kennedy. Your imprecation is—

**McNamara:** That's what you're calling it? Jesus, you deviants.

**O5-9:** No doubt, the imprecation is part of the escalating tensions we've seen. Mr. Kennedy, the board is set. Thanks to the cascade of containment failures, the stakes cannot be higher. 

**McNamara:** Thanks to that Castro, you mean?

**O5-9:** Mr. McNamara, we can pass blame at a different time. This is bigger than one man or one government.

**Kennedy:** This is about my *brother*, Mac.

**O5-10:** Yes Mr. Kennedy. We can get your brother back with no risk involved.

<*O5-10 presents a sheaf of papers to Kennedy.*>

**O5-10:** Our computation engine ran this calculation every hour for the past week. It's now at 99% certainty; any further and your family curse, imprecation, whatever, it can blunder us into nuclear war. We interpreted that these actions are critical—

**McNamara:** No! No curses or computers are going to decide for this military! We are the experts here, we're the—

**Kennedy:** McNamara, just sit and listen for a moment!

<*McNamara's chair partially collapses, sending him from his seat.*>

**Kennedy:** I'm sorry about that. But Robert, at the earlier meeting you, and all the generals, all the directors, you sought a first strike as the next step in action. But I spoke to the reporters actually in Moscow, and they make it clear that you don't see it the way Mr. Khrushchev sees it. They aren't going to step down. I think we've— we've been a bit gun-ho about this whole thing.

**O5-09:** We got to this point because we overplayed our hand. With 99% certainty, I promise you that when Guevara says that invading Cuba means nuclear war, he means it.

**Eagle:** I see it that way too, Secretary.

**O5-10:** We need to show good faith. We need to retract. This is the course it wants us to take.

777L35

= **ERZATZ PROPOSAL SUMMARY**

INPUT:

@@     @@CIA's National Photographic Intepretation Center report on ICBMs in Cuba

OUTPUT:

@@     @@"Castro and the ring-bearer must take together the coin test once. The president for the greater score will be removed from office in thirteen months not once throwing a bomb."

PROPOSAL:

@@     @@"Arrange for in-person negotiations between Fidel Castro and Kennedy." (O5-10)

= COUNCIL VOTE SUMMARY:

| YEA | NAY | ABSTAIN |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O5-01 | O5-02 |  |
| O5-03 | O5-05 |  |
| O5-04 |  |  |
| O5-06 |  |  |
| O5-07 |  |  |
| O5-08 |  |  |
| O5-09 |  |  |
| O5-10 |  |  |
| O5-11 |  |  |
| O5-12 |  |  |
| O5-13 |  |  |
@@ @@

| STATUS |
| --- |
| ##057800|APPROVED## |
---

On 10/25/62, John F Kennedy was en route to Mexico City, Mexico onboard Air Force One to fulfill the proposal of ERZATZ. On approach, the landing gear of the plane failed to deploy, which is immediately determined to be caused by SCP-7994-A.

=  Incident #7994-616

**Prior:** After four go-arounds, flight controls began to deteriorate further.

---

<*I-49 Eagle is looking through a cabin window. He notices the jet engine sputtering due to fuel exhaustion.*>

**Eagle:** Shit. Shit, shit, shit.

**Kennedy:** Come on, we've gotten this far! What's gonna get us down from here?

**Eagle:** we're not making it to that runway. I've flown with enough shot engines. Okay, it's settled.

<*Eagle produces an on-board emergency parachute.*>

**Eagle:** We're hitting the silk.

**Kennedy:** We are, now? 

<*Eagle searches for a second shoot and cannot find one.*>

**Eagle:** One of us is hitting the silk.

**Kennedy:** Then... It was nice knowing you, "Eagle". My luck's run out.

**Eagle:** No, this isn't your end. You aren't thinking about the mission. *You* are the one the world needs.

<*Kennedy removes SCP-7994-B from his hand.*>

**Kennedy:** Tell Bobby I love him. It's time for you to be the ring-bearer again.

**Eagle:** Why don't you tell him yourself?

<*"Eagle" dons SCP-7994-B and a parachute, then harnesses himself to Kennedy.*>

**Eagle:** You're coming with me!

<*"Eagle" approaches the hull door and pries it open. He turns to the pilots.*>

**Eagle:** Gentlemen, I'm lucky to have flown with you.

<*"Eagle" grabs Kennedy's hand and leaps from the plane. Moments after his parachute opens, the landing gear on Air Force One resumed functionality.*>

= . . .

<*"Eagle" and Kennedy are exfiltrated to the Gran Hotel for the secret negotiation. Robert Kennedy was exchanged into US custody unharmed.*>

**Castro:** Mr. President, my country deeply appreciates your presence.The path of diplomacy is the good way forward.

**Kennedy:** I couldn't agree more.

**Castro:** No matter where we end today, for my people's self-esteem, I will not negotiate the non-existence of my government. Not through plots, not through invasions. I will give, but you will not take. Are these terms clear?

**Kennedy:** Mr. Castro, I've made peace with every outcome.

**Eagle:** Before we start, *I* must make one last request of you.

**Castro:** You, you're CIA.

**Eagle:** I was.

**Castro:** And what is that request?

**Eagle:** Heads? Or Tails?

---

**Commentary:** I-49 "Eagle" lost the proposition bet. Regardless, President Kennedy's refused to bear SCP-7994-B, drastically limiting the noospheric fallout of his presidency. The successful deescalation of the Cuban Missile Crisis resulted in the removal of Soviet ICBMs and a mutual moratorium on psionic operations.

Congressional PSRV levels are expected to normalize upon Kennedy's predicted removal from office.

---

### Addendum 7994.C1: The Death of Kennedy

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

UNREVISED INFORMATION REGARDING THE DEATH OF JOHN F KENNEDY CANNOT BE ACCESSED WITHOUT **[SCP-001](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/etc-proposal)** CLEARANCE.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

"We can say with some assurance that, although our children may become the victims of fate, they will not be the victims of our neglect."

— John Fitzgerald Kennedy

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@ 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@ 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@ 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@ 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= Palace of the Revolution, Havana, 11/10/1972

---

<*Fidel Castro is playing cards with Richard Chappell and others as a Chicago Spirit agent enters.*>

**Spirit Agent:** Boss, new package from Chi-town.

**Castro:** You got the stuff? Let's make it party time, then!

**Chappell:** Yeah, bring it in. 

**Agent:** Yes, boss.

<*The agent wheels a large refrigerated box into the  room. Contained within is approximately 400 kilos of Howard Johnson's brand vanilla ice cream.*>

**Chappell:** *Perfecto*. Alright, kid,  you gotta get the cigar shipment back across the Way by tonight. Hop to it.

**Agent:** Uh, boss, someone else came along. He said *he could show you Geronimo's skull*.

**Chappell:**  Fidel, is someone going to let my associate in?

<*Castro gestures with his spoon, and a guard brings the Bonesman into the room.*>

**Bonesman:** Mr. Chappell, *El Comandante*, I'm glad we could arrange this meeting. 

**Chappell:** I don't need you to fluff me, pal. Hit me with the bad news.

**Bonesman:** No, this is a good idea. Things are in motion.

**Chappell:** You're selling me on that "Eagle" fella, aren't you? We know he's back with Central Intelligence. No more of your damn Feds.

**Bonesman:** No, we're talking bigger than that. Presidential big.

**Castro:** Don't say you are doing something to end the world again? 

**Chappell:** Is it Ted Kennedy? All the other ones dropped like flies. Steer clear of him.

**Bonesman:** No, fuck the Kennedys. You know, get rid of them. No, we got a new man on the inside. A freshman Senator. A good Catholic, no other crews are out to get him.

**Chappell:** Well cheers to you, but we have a good thing going here. I'm trying not to be stepped on.

**Castro:** I'm not sure what it is you want?

**Bonesman:** Power, my friend. You can buy in now and be on top with all of us. You wait and see. One of these days, every candidate will be a Bonesman. 

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7993](SCP-7993) | SCP-7994 | [SCP-7995](SCP-7995) >>

> **Filename:** kennedy-vs-the-world.jpg

> **Name:** Robert-Ted-John-Kennedy.jpg

> **Author:** Stoughton, Cecil

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Robert-Ted-John-Kennedy.jpg )

======

> **Filename:** scp-hpsp-chart.png

> **Name:** Distribution_of_theta_p.svg

> **Author:** Hagurekusa

> **License:**  Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Distribution_of_theta_p.svg )

======

> **Filename:** scp-merchandise-mart.jpg

> **Name:** Merchandise_Mart_Building,_Chicago,_Illinois_(NBY_417588).jpg

> **Author:** The Newberry

> **License:**  Public Domain 

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Merchandise_Mart_Building,_Chicago,_Illinois_(NBY_417588).jpg )

======

> **Filename:** scp-poi-70001.png

> **Name:** Lenny_Bruce_mugshot_1961.jpg

> **Author:** State of Pennsylvania

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lenny_Bruce_mugshot_1961.jpg )

======

> **Filename:** scp-7000-b.jpg

> **Name:** Post-Medieval_gold_posy_ring_(inscription)_(FindID_404273).jpg

> **Author:** Ian Richardson, British Museum

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Post-Medieval_gold_posy_ring_(inscription)_(FindID_404273).jpg )

======

> **Filename:** hscp-bush-young.jpg

> **Name:** George_H.W._Bush_seated_in_a_Grumman_TBM_Avenger,_circa_1944_(H069-13).jpg

> **Author:** US Navy

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:George_H.W._Bush_seated_in_a_Grumman_TBM_Avenger,_circa_1944_(H069-13).jpg )

======

> **Filename:** scp-psionic-inhibitor.png

> **Name:** Jaycar_Theremin_MkII.jpg

> **Author:** quantumdtell

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Jaycar_Theremin_MkII.jpg )

======

> **Filename:** scp-disinhibitor.mp3

> **Name:** Waves_in_F_(sound_experiment).ogg

> **Author:**  Luisalvaz

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Waves_in_F_(sound_experiment).ogg )

======

> **Filename:** scp-debate-1.png, -2.png, -3.png, -4.png, 

> **Name:** TNC-172_Kennedy-Nixon_First_Presidential_Debate,_1960.webm

> **Author:** JFK Library

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:TNC-172_Kennedy-Nixon_First_Presidential_Debate,_1960.webm )

======

> **Filename:** scp-debate-6.png 

> **Name:** Image-GHWB_(cropped).jpg

> **Author:**  Cushing Memorial Library and Archives

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Image-GHWB_(cropped).jpg )

> 

> **Name:** TNC-172_Kennedy-Nixon_First_Presidential_Debate,_1960.webm

> **Author:** JFK Library

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:TNC-172_Kennedy-Nixon_First_Presidential_Debate,_1960.webm )

======

> **Filename:** scp-jfk-bush.png

> **Name:** Crowd_greeting_President_John_F._Kennedy_in_Miami,_Florida.jpg

> **Author:** Joe Rimkus

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Crowd_greeting_President_John_F._Kennedy_in_Miami,_Florida.jpg )

> 

> **Name:** Iakovos_ghw_bush.jpg

> **Author:** White House Photo

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Iakovos_ghw_bush.jpg )

======

> **Filename:** scp-cuban-crisis.jpg

> **Name:** Cuban_crisis_map_missile_range.jpg

> **Author:** CIA

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Cuban_crisis_map_missile_range.jpg )

======

> **Filename:** scp-dark-brandon.png

> **Name:** Joe_and_Jilly_Biden_early_photo.jpg

> **Author:** Office of United States Senator Joe Biden

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Joe_and_Jilly_Biden_early_photo.jpg )
