**Item #:** SCP-7575

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Testing of SCP-7575 is prohibited. Any individual authorized to view this document may not physically view SCP-7575. If possible, all actions performed by personnel with access to this file are to be logged in ERDC-7575. Please analyze peer or self-attributed accomplishments for individualistic/egoistic plausibility.

**Description:** SCP-7575 is a small Do not verify without authorization.  metallic Do not verify without authorization.  cube Do not verify without authorization.  previously filed as a minor anomalous object. Do not verify without authorization.  SCP-7575 constantly emits a low, droning sound. Do not verify without authorization.  Object was discovered after having landed in an isolated forest near Great Slave Lake, Canada Do not verify without authorization. Previous/simultaneous locations of discovery include Omsk, Russia, Eugene, Oregon, and the nonexistent census-designated area of Portsmouth, Wales.  , presumably from extraterrestrial orbit. SCP-7575 can occasionally be retrocausally discovered in retail stores and inheritances. 

SCP-7575 was discovered following a series of routine tests performed on anomalous objects. Subsequent events led to the conclusion of several indirectly observed/confirmed sentient entities being unaccounted-for personnel. Do not verify without authorization. 

The Foundation became aware of additional anomalous properties following the semi-accidental discovery of an Extra-Reality Data Cache (ERDC-7575) by Dr.  @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@                @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@, now known as @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@, with assistance by @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@, @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ Possibly deceased. Proposed prelococausal identities include @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@. , and @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@.

Stored inside the cache was a database of over 247,000 entries detailing mundane actions and activities carried out by a collective team of 12 supposed Foundation personnel, led by @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@, @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@                  @@        . The circumstances that led to the creation of the cache and the team are unknown Do not verify without authorization. , however, it was within the cache that additional information regarding SCP-7575 became known. SCP-7575 was discovered included in a cache of anomalous objects bequeathed to the Foundation by an unknown third party. 

SCP-7575 imposes a known/unknown set of criteria upon all sapient Analysis of power usage suggests the absence of SCP-@@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ and SCP-@@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@.   concepts. Following the fulfillment of these criteria, an individual's existence and direct cumulative existential consequences will be erased from reality We do not know where they go. , and be replaced Do not verify without authorization.  by alternative causal routing. A small number of these criteria are known utilizing the final entries Largely speculative but associated with a partially comprehensible set of SCP-7575 criteria.  of each of the personnel detailed in ERDC-7575. These include:

* Viewing SCP-7575.

* Possessing knowledge of SCP-7575's appearance.

* Viewing SCP-7575's documentation.

* Possessing knowledge of SCP-7575's origin.

* Counting to 377.

* Having been a passenger of an automobile. Requires primary semantic conceptual perception of the vehicle as an automobile, not a car, truck, sedan, or any semantic-causally related concept.  

* Playing a game of chess using an illegitimate codified ruleset.

* Drinking a cup of room temperature coffee.

* Visiting the unincorporated town of @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@, @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@.

* Shaking @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@'s hand.

* Committing murder.

* Deleting a .pdf file authored by @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@. Exact nature unknown. Hypothesized to result in a tangential causative relation between unrelated concepts. 

**Addendum:** Following the @@ @@ @@ @@  @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@   @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@        @@ @@      of  @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@   @@ @@ @@ @@  @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@       @@ @@          , the aforementioned list of known qualifiers has been deemed inaccurate. Budgetary discrepancies indicate a fiscal absence of approximately 450 personnel. 

]

<< [SCP-7574](SCP-7574) | SCP-7575 | [SCP-7576](SCP-7576) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
