**Item #:** SCP-7275

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7275 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment unit with protective lead lining. No personnel are to handle SCP-7275-1-B without Foundation-issue blade-resistant protective wear.

SCP-7275 is to meet with psychiatric personnel designated by the Ethics Committee on a semi-monthly basis.  It is not to be exposed to any potential visual or auditory triggers not first cleared by its assigned psychiatrist.  SCP-7275 is permitted free access to all Level 1 security areas and recreational facilities with an armed escort of no fewer than two Site security staff and is to document its daily routine in a journal for psychiatric review.

At its request, SCP-7275 has been granted the following amenities:

* A sleeping cot

* A wooden desk and chair

* A record player

* Reading material

SCP-7275 wears an ankle monitor containing a tranquilizing payload which is to be injected into its bloodstream if it enters a hostile state. Site security personnel are to be advised that conventional firearms have little effect against the entity.

**Description:** SCP-7275 resembles a heavily bandaged humanoid male dressed in attire common to the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. Subject is Caucasian, has green eyes, brown hair, and greatly disfigured facial features which it conceals in gauze. It is 1.88 m tall and 88.45 kg in weight.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width= 300px

|url=WW1

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-7275 photographed in France, 1918

]]

SCP-7275 possesses a wide variety of war wounds common to different time periods. These wounds include, but are not limited to, burns, bullet wounds––including musket ball wounds––and stab wounds across its upper body.  It possesses bruising along the neck that appears to have been left by multiple attempted hanging executions. It also possesses large scars across its middle and lower body, indicating that it has been bisected and dismembered at multiple points in time. SCP-7275 also shows signs of radiation poisoning, measured at 11 Gy A Gray(Gy) is a unit of absorbed radiation equal to one joule per kg of matter , from an unidentified injury. Due to these injuries and others, the majority of its body is covered in scarred and necrotic tissue. It appears to have attempted to treat many of these wounds itself with crude sutures.

SCP-7275 possesses a baseline calm demeanor. It claims to have participated in every major American war and demonstrates extensive experience with military roles.  Its preferred language is English, however, it is also fluent in French and several Algonquian A language family belonging to indigenous North American tribes stretching from the Rocky Mountains to the east coast  languages.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=left

|width= 300px

|url=Challenger

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-7275 combatting an unidentified entity in Kyoto, 1945

]]

Despite being largely compliant with Foundation personnel, SCP-7275 demonstrates signs of severe Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) An anxiety disorder that develops in reaction to physical injury or severe mental or emotional distress, such as military combat . It is prone to unpredictable and often violent episodes if exposed to visual or auditory triggers that simulate a combat scenario.

SCP-7275 is biologically immortal and claims to have been born in 1751, in the (at the time) British colony of Massachusetts. It does not appear to age and can withstand grievous bodily harm, including the loss of vital organs but, can be rendered inactive by sufficient damage. In this state, SCP-7275 is incapable of reconstituting itself without outside assistance.

SCP-7275-1 is the collective designation for anomalous objects carried by SCP-7275. In the event that any instance is damaged or lost, SCP-7275 possesses the ability to produce them from inside its coat. The means by which it accomplishes this is believed to be thaumaturgical in nature.

SCP-7275-1-A is a smoothbore musket similar in model to an American Revolutionary War-era Brown Bess. It possesses an inscription reading "Dogood" across the stock. SCP-7275-1-A fires with a force more comparable to modern-era high-caliber rifles, and is capable of autonomously reloading itself.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width= 350px

|url=Dogood

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-7275-1-A (bottom) and SCP-7275-1-B (top)

]]

SCP-7275-1-B is a sword bayonet that is typically affixed to the end of SCP-7275-1-A but can be detached or summoned separately at the discretion of SCP-7275. It is 55.9 cm long and weighs 2.5 kg. The bayonet is composed of an unidentified silvery metal composite which appears to be the result of an attempt to replicate Berylium Bronze. It possesses a similar weight and tensile strength but lacks its other extraneously anomalous properties. SCP-7275 is not fully aware of the origins of the metal but claims that SCP-7275-1-B was forged from a larger stockpile held by the American Continental Congress. Investigation into the metal and any other applications of it by the American government remains ongoing.

At SCP-7275's discretion, it may inflict a target it pierces with SCP-7275-1-B with a wound it has suffered across its lifetime. Any subsequent scarring from these wounds on the body of SCP-7275 will heal as a consequence of using this property, and each wound can only be utilized once.

SCP-7275-1-C is a brass survey compass. It does not appear to possess any extraneous anomalous properties except that it can be summoned from SCP-7275's coat.

SCP-7275-1-D is a silver locket necklace that has been thaumaturgically sealed shut. SCP-7275 has stated that it possesses the ability to open it, but has refused to do so or to describe its contents.

**Addendum 7275.1:** 

SCP-7275 was first observed by the Foundation on September 26th, 2002.

Following reports of a heavily bandaged man meandering through Jowzjon, Afghanistan, Containment Specialist Johnathan Hooke tracked its movements to the Leili Desert. At 0643 hours, SCP-7275 was discovered sitting on a rock staring at the sunset. It did not resist attempts at containment.

SCP-7275 was relocated to Site-228 for processing. It was discovered carrying several nonanomalous personal items. These include:

* A damaged metal compass with the initials "JPJ" Possible connection to Revolutionary War naval captain John Paul Jones, warrants further investigation  inscribed inside its lid

* An obsidian arrowhead

* A rusted Bowie knife

* A Civil War-era US infantry insignia

* A World War I-era German Iron Cross

* A rusted .50 cal shell casing

* A deck of playing cards with a missing king of hearts

* A leatherbound pocket journal. The interior contains over 2,000 tally marks, with an exact number difficult to determine due to smudging and fading over time

<details>
<summary>▶Interview 7275.1◀</summary>

> **Interview Log 7275.1**

> 

> **Interviewer:** Specialist Johnathan Hooke

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7275

> 

> **Date:** 09/08/2002

> 

> **Location:** Site-228, temporary containment unit

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Hooke:** [Slumps files on the table] Alright SCP-7275, let's get this over with so we can figure out who to haul you off to.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** My name is Lawrence, Lawrence Taylor. Asset 1 of the Abnormal Division, and I need to be returned to my unit immediately.

> 

> **Hooke:** Okay, getting somewhere already. So you're from the Army, then?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** You're... not? Are you an officer of the law, then?

> 

> **Hooke:** Nope, not cops either. Just researchers. Well– *I'M* not a researcher per se, just the closest thing you've got 'til we know what to do with you. Let's go back a step. You said you're with the Army?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Sighs] I am. You're American, at least, so kindly direct me to the relevant authorities.

> 

> **Hooke:** Okay, touchy, I get it. You didn't comply with medical examiners; you seem pretty protective of those bandages. But I don't need to have a doctorate to know a normal man in your condition shouldn't be breathing, much less walking across a desert. Care to explain?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Just some old war wounds. They don't hurt quite as bad as they look.

> 

> **Hooke:** Yeah? Which war?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Sits back and appears to ponder] Well, most recently, the current Afghan theater. Before that, Iraq, Vietnam, Korea, the Pacific, the Great War, and I've lost count of all the others since the Revolution.

> 

> **Hooke:** Phew, okay then. Bit of a world traveler, aren't we. Y'know it's funny though, I spent a fair bit of time in the Marines myself. And I've never heard of someone like you serving with us.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** You wouldn't have.

> 

> **Hooke:** Noted. So, care to explain how you wound up lost in the first place?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** I.... [Pauses] I can't recall. My memory is a bit foggy.

> 

> **Hooke:** Well, no matter. You check a lot of boxes 7275, so I have good news and bad news. Bad news is, despite your protest, we gotta boot you back stateside. Good news, the military'll be none the wiser.

> 

> **[END LOG]**

</details>

Following Interview 7275.1, SCP-7275 was transferred to the humanoid containment wing of Site-19. Level 3 Researcher Dr. Daisy Loche was designated the lead researcher of SCP-7275 on her request due to her extensive academic background in American history and anthropology. Dr. Loche determined, after initial testing procedures, that SCP-7275's properties were thaumaturgical in nature.

<details>
<summary>▶Interview 7275.2◀</summary>

Upon SCP-7275's arrival to Site-19, it was introduced to Dr. Loche for an inquiry into its background.

> **Interview Log 7275.3**

> 

> **Interviewer:** Level 3 Researcher Daisy Loche

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7275

> 

> **Date:** 09/10/2002

> 

> **Location:** Site-19

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Loche:** Good evening, 7275. I hope you're settling in well. My name is Dr. Loche, you and I will be working together for some time.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** A pleasure, Doctor.  However, I am unfortunately not in need of a clinician at this time.  As I attempted to explain to that Hooke gentleman, I need to return to my unit.

> 

> **Loche:** Oh, I'm actually not that kind of doctor, but that's beside the point. Unfortunately, I don't think we can't allow you to return at this time. As I'm sure Specialist Hooke explained to you, part of our organization's mission is to study anomalous individuals such as yourself, and part of that includes keeping you here at these facilities.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Perhaps I should apologize, Dr. Loche, because I don't expect I will be staying here against my will.  Uncle Sam will be quick to remove me from your custody.

> 

> **Loche:** So you were staying with the US military by choice, then?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** I haven't been discharged, if that's what you're asking. But I never asked to be; they don't need to twist my arm to make me fight for my country.

> 

> **Loche:** Oh... uh, I think they may have done more than twisted it. I think it was a mistake for you not to accept medical attention.

> 

> [The stitching on 7275's left arm comes undone and it falls off onto the ground. It was later determined that the patchwork was damaged prior to its containment in Afghanistan]

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Oh for the love–– [sighs] Call your medic.

> 

> **Loche:** I don't think that will be necessary, hold your arm–– er, shoulder steady.

> 

> [Dr. Loche produces a first aid kit from under the desk and withdraws a sewing needle. SCP-7275 uses its right hand to hold its severed arm in place as Loche repairs its sutures]

> 

> **Loche:** [Still sewing] 7275, I respect your sense of duty. But am I correct in assuming that you serve your country because you want to protect the people in it?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** That would be a fair way to put it.

> 

> **Loche:** Well... We're not so different then. The P in "Protect" goes both ways, we're not just protecting anomalies like you, but we try to find better ways to keep the outside world safe. That's why "Uncle Sam" lets us work here.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** You're affiliated with the US government?

> 

> **Loche:** They're actually one of our biggest donors, believe it or not.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Let's go back a step, you think you need to protect the people out there from me?  I've been fighting for them longer than a single one of them has been alive!

> 

> **Loche:** Please don't move. No, not necessarily. We also use the entities here, and our research on them, to stop other, more dangerous ones. Eldritch gods, immortal monsters–– sometimes even armies and terrorist groups. The difference, though, is that we're also in this to save everyone worldwide.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** So... you're like the United Nations?

> 

> **Loche:** [Under her breath] Heh, the GOC wishes...

> 

> **SCP-7275:** What was that?

> 

> **Loche:** Nevermind. The point is that there are some real monsters out there. I'm sure the military may have even deployed you against some. And you could do just as much good for the world by helping us here as you did out there. [Cuts the thread] And... done!

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Rotates its arm] Heh, good as new. You really know your way around a surgeon's knot, Doctor.

> 

> **Loche:** Well, I was an army brat... [hesitates] and my mom was a single mother. It teaches you resourcefulness.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Laughs and looks into the security camera] I like this one. [Turns back to Loche] You make a good case, Doctor. I'd like to learn more about this Foundation of yours.

> 

> **[END LOG]**

</details>

**Addendum 7275.2:**

During an investigation in January of 2003, SCP-7275's claims of participation in American military conflicts were corroborated by material dated from the First World War uncovered in the American National Archives.

Contemporary reports detailed an ongoing investigation into a bandaged humanoid that was sighted fighting throughout the Meuse–Argonne offensive. This humanoid, which was sighted with the American 128th Machine Gun Battalion, was reported to have fought uninhibited by exposure to mustard gas and to have neutralized several dozen German operatives despite its usage of 'severely outdated' weaponry.

Military records from the Revolutionary War classified Top Secret identify SCP-7275 as Lawrence P. Taylor, a volunteer recruit who joined the 1st Massachusetts Regiment on April 26, 1775. Taylor was declared deceased on May 10, 1775 during the Siege of Boston, after being slain via bayonet. His remains were transported for weapons testing to the Dogood Society, a North American organization of intellectuals and academics active during the 18th century studying and developing anomalous entities, objects and artifacts for use in the American Revolution.

<details>
<summary>▶Documents Relevant to the Dogood Society◀</summary>

The following is an excerpt from the notes of Benjamin Franklin An American Founding Father, inventor, and diplomat , who was identified as the founder of the Dogood Society:

> It is mayhaps in ill-kept secret, one advertised relentlessly in the News Papers of Europe, that the Crown's Men have us outmanned, outgunned, and outresourced.  The American rebellion is far from lacking in spirit, tho' the otherwise humble farmers and frontiersmen who constitute our new Union lack the proper tools, or, more apt, the scientific acumen, to wage a prolonged conflict against its Mother Empire.

> 

> But Nature's God has of late yielded the colonists a smashing success! Contrived from the laborious research of the myriad polymaths and natural philosophers who constitute our organization, not the least of which, should I less-than humbly but deservedly note, myself, as well as through the aid of our Benefactor, we have successfully revived one of the young bloods lost in Boston.  We were unable to replicate the properties of the young Semitic Gentleman with total sameness, however, the results were astonishing in their own right. Once our newly alive compatriot is outfitted with weaponry befitting of such an infantryman as himself, I have scant doubt the war shall soon show us favor.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width= 200px

|url=Propaganda

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-7275 prior to its disfigurement as depicted in contemporary wartime propaganda

]]

SCP-7275 was first deployed by the US military in July of 1775. It saw extensive usage by the Continental Army in the Battle(s) of Chelsea Creek, Falmouth, Bunker Hill, Great Bridge, and Sullivan's Island as well as the Siege of Yorktown. Further classified documents reveal that after the end of the American Revolution, SCP-7275 was retained as a permanent member of the United States Army.

SCP-7275 was later deployed in fourteen armed conflicts involving the United States military, including the Mexican-American War, the Spanish-American War, the Philippine War, both World Wars, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and the Afghanistan War, where the American government lost contact with it following an IED Improvised Explosive Device  explosion and subsequently declared it Missing In Action. Though SCP-7275 does not have an exact confirmed kill count, it is estimated to have several hundred for each conflict it has participated in.

</details>

**Addendum 7275.3:**

6 months after initial containment without incident, The Director of Site-19 put in an order to explore potential applications of SCP-7275 as a Foundation asset.  Specialist Johnathan Hooke was assigned to test the entity's combat proficiency.

<details>
<summary>▶Hooke's Findings◀</summary>

> SCP-7275 is every bit as impressive as you'd expect from someone with a quarter of a millennia of military experience.  That gun sure packs more of a punch than it has any right to, and 7275 hasn't missed a shot in the two months he's spent at the range.  He's also a deadly son of a gun in close quarters, he doesn't seem to have any fear instinct whatsoever; probably from having survived most known ways to kill a man shy of being shot into the Sun.  He's a proper fella too; obeys orders without a second thought and seems eager to be part of a team.  Old habits die hard, I suppose.

> 

> I absolutely, unequivocally recommend SCP-7275 for integration into the Foundation as an MTF personnel.  It might just be the best soldier to ever step foot through those vaulted doors; we might as well make him one of ours.

> 

> ––Specialist Johnathan Hooke

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶MTF Rho-76◀</summary>

After approving Specialist Hooke's recommendation, the Director of Site-19 formally established MTF Rho-76 ("Shell Heads"), a provisional team that would specialize in the containment of anomalies embedded in military organizations. SCP-7275 was designated as a member of its weapons squad, with Dr. Daisy Loche, as the head of its research team, serving as its primary handler.

SCP-7275 was noted as being "enthusiastic" about the program by Dr. Loche, and offered to assist in the training of Rho-76 recruits.  It handpicked 13 agents, all of whom had assorted backgrounds in the United States Army Special Forces, to join the team on its maiden operation.

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶Performance Report◀</summary>

---

**Item #:** SCP-Alpha-435

**Object Class:** Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the highly destructive nature of SCP-Alpha-435 and the Foundation's inability to contain it––due to its protection by the Russian Federation––termination has been approved to prevent any military application of the anomaly and likely subsequent mass casualties.

MTF strike plans are pending, due to the small number of agents that would have to be utilized in any such operation to maintain secrecy and prevent open conflict between the Foundation and the Russian Federation.

**Description:** SCP-Alpha-435 is a large, cybernetic ursine entity. According to Kremlin documents, it stands 4.89 m on its hind legs and weighs 1,020 kg. SCP-Alpha-435 possesses a titanium skeleton and is powered by a small modular nuclear fission reactor, and possesses a variety of combat enhancements including:

* A bulletproof hide

* Retractable claws

* Varied ballistic weaponry

* A plasma breath attack

* Infrared, X-Ray and Night Vision

Although SCP-Alpha-435 was manufactured by the Russian government, it is believed to be sentient and incredibly hostile to organic life.  It subsists primarily on U-235 and various government-manufactured dietary supplements.  SCP-Alpha-435 is believed to have been created for use in the Chechen War.

---

**Afterword:** This is an untenable situation. Russia isn't the only military power to use anomalous objects, but they seem to have no care for discretion whatsoever. Talking tanks, I can handle. A Revolutionary War-era super soldier? Why not. But this? It's absolutely ludicrous that any government should be weaponizing something this indiscreet, let alone in civilian zones as the Russians are planning in Chechnya. We cannot allow any government, even a major power to expose anomalies to the world for the sake of a guerrilla war.

At the same time, the Foundation also doesn't want to make enemies of the Russian Federation. What we need is plausible deniability, a small and undetected strike force that they could reasonably blame on anybody. The Americans, the Chinese, the GOC, they might even suspect us, but at least they won't be sure enough to strike back. We can get agents into this facility, but fifteen at most without raising any eyebrows.

O5 would do well to consider including an anomaly on that list to give them a fighting chance, I recommend Rho-76 for the task.  I believe the Council will be thoroughly impressed with the unit I created.

––Director ███, Site-19

= **[DEPLOYMENT OF RHO-76 and SCP-7275 HAS BEEN APPROVED BY ORDER OF THE O5 COUNCIL]**

---

---

> = **INCIDENT LOG**

> 

> **Date:** 4/11/2003

> 

> **Location:** [REDACTED], Siberia

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> [SCP-7275 and 13 members of Rho-76 converge on SCP-Alpha-435's containment site with relative ease. The site has been largely vacated due to a tornado warning planted by the Foundation, and the agents successfully bypassed the area's security systems with minimal difficulty.  The Agents found eight Russian security personnel guarding the entity's cell]

> 

> **Leader Hooke:** [Over comms] On my mark. 3... 2... 1... Now!

> 

>  [The agents simultaneously tranquilize the guards. All are incapacitated without witnessing Rho-76]

> 

> **SCP-7275:** The beast is in there? Would you like me to dispatch it?

> 

> **Leader Hooke:** Luckily, you won't have to. That thing has a kill switch built into this place. The Foundation gave us the codes to set it off. Foxtrot! Plug it in.

> 

> **Agent Foxtrot:** Yes sir.

> 

> [As Agent Foxtrot begins inputting the code into a nearby security console, a ninth security guard enters the room. In a panicked state, he grabs a nearby pulldown console on the wall before being tranquilized]

> 

> **Leader Hooke:** Ah damn, he flipped the alarm, everybody move!

> 

> **Agent Foxtrot:** Wait... I don't hear anything, and base isn't picking up any radio.  I don't think that was an alarm.

> 

> **Agent Gecko:** Shit!  Guys, I know what that lever went to!

> 

> [All agents' bodycams turn to face the containment cell, which begins to open. SCP-Alpha-435 can be heard roaring from inside]

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Boys, I'd stand back. I'll handle th––

> 

> [SCP-Alpha-435 charges out of its containment cell and tackles SCP-7275 to the ground.  7275 produces SCP-7275-1-A, but, unable to aim it, instead sticks the gun sideways into Alpha-435's jaw to prevent it from biting. Rho-76 provides suppressing fire, but their armor-piercing rounds have little effect. SCP-7275 rolls out of the way as Alpha-435 splinters 7275-1-A, however, is swatted away by Alpha-435's claws and sent flying through a nearby computer console. Alpha-435 widens its mouth and breathes a beam of plasma into 7275, burning it and scorching the surrounding area. When 7275 stops moving, it turns its attention to Rho-76. Several turrets appear on its sides as it fires a volley of various caliber bullets and explosives at the agents, who duck for cover]

> 

> **Agent Foxtrot:** Oh shit, he was our big gun! Captain, we gotta bail!

> 

> **Leader Hooke:** Keep your guns trained on the target!  It won't give us the chance to run!

> 

> [SCP-7275 reproduces SCP-7275-1-A and fires, striking Alpha-435 in the temple. While it's stunned, 7275 leaps onto its back and stabs it in the neck region with 7275-1-A. Barbed wire manifests and entangles Alpha-435, which roars in anger. It tears through the wire and throws 7275, which lands on its feet]

> 

> **SCP-7275:** It's strong, and it doesn't feel pain.

> 

> **Leader Hooke:** It's a tank with fur, none of your wounds will do shit to it.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** I wouldn't be so sure of that. Cover me!

> 

> [SCP-7275 fixes SCP-7275-1-B to the end of 7275-1-A and performs a bayonet charge, stabbing Alpha-435 in the midsection. The entity roars and stabs both of its claws through 7275's chest]

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Coughing blood through its bandages] Heh, got you.

> 

> [Identical claw marks tear through Alpha-435's chest, piercing its reactor core. Torn machinery explodes through the entity's back. SCP-7275 then fires SCP-7275-1-A into its new wound, destroying the entity from the inside. Alpha-435 falls to the ground, and its electronic eyes dim]

> 

> **Agent Gecko:** Dude, that's hardcore!

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Yes, I've heard that's what they call it these days. Would someone kindly stitch up my chest cavity?

> 

> **[END LOG]**

</details>

**Addendum 7275.4:**

Starting March 2003, SCP-7275’s containment procedures were amended to allow it free reign of Site-19’s Level 1 security and recreational areas with an armed escort as compensation for its joining MTF-Rho-76. The agents of Rho-76 regularly volunteered to serve as its escorts in order to spend time with it.

On 4/15/2003, SCP-7275 entered the Level 1 break room where it conversed with the other members of Rho-76. Subjects included accounts of the members’ respective military deployments, and the agents attempting to catch SCP-7275 up on contemporary popular culture by introducing it to modern music.

At one point, Agent Reynolds [codename: “Foxtrot”] heated up his lunch in the microwave. SCP-7275 looked uneasily at the microwave as it began producing a “humming” sound, and said nothing as the conversation continued around it. It notably began tightening its grip on the armrests of its chair as the sound grew louder.

After approximately 45 seconds, the microwave finished and began beeping. At this point, SCP-7275’s grip caused it to splinter its chair. It entered a frantic state and tore the microwave out of the wall before fleeing with it from the room. After failing to calm it down verbally, SCP-7275's escort activated the sedative in its ankle bracelet, incapacitating it.

SCP-7275 demonstrated signs of insomnia after this incident, averaging 2 hours of sleep a night. It was allowed to access the facility again with an increased escort, but displayed agoraphobic An anxiety disorder involving the fear of areas where escape is difficult, and both open and closed spaces  tendencies such as avoiding rooms with single points of entry and exit, noises from electrical instruments, and areas obscured by large objects, such as cubicles. Its escorts also reported that SCP-7275 would randomly grab its left shoulder.

> **Interview Log 7275.3**

> 

> **Interviewer:** Level 3 Researcher Daisy Loche

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7275

> 

> **Date:** 04/20/2003

> 

> **Location:** Site-19

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Loche:** 7275?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Does not respond]

> 

> **Loche:** Lawrence, this isn’t like you. You can’t ignore me.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** This is an insult, Doctor.

> 

> **Loche:** You gave some people quite a scare, we’re just following procedure.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Tsk.

> 

> **Loche:** Do you recognize that your behavior was out of the ordinary at all?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** My actions were– [Pauses] –regrettable. But I only did what I thought was right at the time––I thought that damned thing was– Oh, forget it.

> 

> **Loche:** What did you think it was, Lawrence?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Sighs] I thought it was an explosive. Can you blame me? It certainly sounded like one.

> 

> **Loche:** Your teammates mentioned that you keep grabbing your arm. Is there something that happened to it that may be bothering you?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Oh, loads of things have happened to it. It’s been shot, stabbed, severed, and burned just like the rest of me.

> 

> **Loche:** Perhaps something more distinct? Maybe something related to your memory loss before we found you?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Please spare me your conjecture, and stop hyperfixating on every little movement I make. I’m not grabbing my arm, I’m not thinking about my arm, and I don’t care about my arm. I could tear it off and sew it back on again and it would still work just as well.

> 

> **Loche:** Well something is clearly bothering you, because you've barely slept in almost a week. Maybe this isn't good for you? Perhaps we should reduce your deployments, and see how that helps with your insomnia.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** I don’t need to sleep, doctor. What, I can survive heavy ballistics but you draw the line at late nights and early mornings?

> 

> **Loche:** It won’t kill you, no. But sleep deprivation is quite literally a form of torture. You can’t function like this.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** And that’s no fault of some buried memory you keep trying to poke at. I have sutures in my throat that agitate my breathing, from an old gas attack. That makes it difficult to sleep. It’s nothing else.

> 

> **Loche:** Then perhaps you would like to use some form of a breathing apparatus? There are ways to fix sleep apnea.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Yes, more of your machines that beep and whir. No, thank you, I don’t have any desire to sleep with one on my face.

> 

> **Loche:** Listen, you obviously need some form of treatment. But all that we’re trying to find out right now is whether it’s medical, or [pauses].

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Or what? [Becomes noticeably agitated] Or what, doctor? Say it––“psychological.” You think I’ve gone crazy? That I need to be monitored like some kind of child?

> 

> **Loche:** I never said that.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** No, I’m sure you would have put it in much softer terms than that, the humanitarian that you are. But the meaning is the same. No, doctor. I don’t need your help.

> 

> **Loche:** Lawrence, you really should consider treatment––.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Stands up] And *you* should consider your next words very carefully. I am a soldier, dammit! It’s not my profession, it’s *what I am*. I have fought on every corner of the earth, I’ve been torn down and rebuilt from scraps of flesh, and I have braved the worst fears of the strongest men on earth unflinchingly! That you or anyone at the Foundation thinks they have the right to question *my* nerves is to spit on everything I have done for you and my country! And yet you pity me, look down on me like another broken toy to be locked away in a concrete box! I am not some weak, insignificant––.

> 

> [SCP-7275 looks down to see itself grabbing at its left arm, which is trembling. It abruptly releases it.]

> 

> **SCP-7275:** I have cabin fever, that’s all. The time I’ve spent stuck down here is time I could have spent soldiering for the Foundation––which was our arrangement. You’ll see there’s nothing to be concerned about when I’m back in my element. [Pauses] I apologize for my outburst, Daisy.

> 

> **Loche:** [Hesitates] That’s alright.

> 

> **[END LOG]**

After 3 more days without SCP-7275's condition improving, Dr. Daisy Loche recommended playing music in the entity's containment cell to assist it with stress management.

SCP-7275 was given a selection of musical albums curated by Dr. Loche to choose from. It appeared to enjoy classical music by 18th-century English and German composers, however, it also particularly enjoyed "Like a Rolling Stone" by Bob Dylan.  After two weeks, SCP-7275's average amount of sleep per night increased from 2 hours to 6.

<details>
<summary>▶Performance Report 2◀</summary>

---

**Item #:** SCP-Alpha-507

**Object Class:** Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-Alpha-507 has exposed itself to both non-Foundation military personnel and various civilian populations on numerous occasions, and has endangered local communities and ecology.  Due to its high risk to anomalous secrecy and multiple failed containment attempts, termination via MTF Rho-76 has been approved.

**Description:** SCP-Alpha-507 is an animate set of Japanese armor consistent with designs from the Sengoku Period (1467-1615). The entity is anomalously durable and has proven resilient to all conventional weaponry employed against it, including:

* 9mm armor-piercing rounds

* Fragmentation and thermal grenades

* Proximity mines

* Being rammed by a 2,676 kg Humvee

It is highly radioactive, measured at ~110 Gy by Foundation scanners. Through a process similar to radioactive decay, SCP-Alpha-507 is capable of superheating itself to an estimated temperature of 600°C and generating flames across medium distances. 

The entity is especially hostile towards American citizens and has attacked multiple United States military installations throughout the Japanese peninsula.  Its stated objective is to restore the Japanese Empire by means of removing any American presence from the country.

---

---

> = **INCIDENT LOG**

> 

> **Date:** 10/25/2003

> 

> **Location:** [REDACTED], Okinawa

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> [MTF Rho-76 intercepts SCP-Alpha-507 as it travels on the path to strike a local American military installation. Due to SCP-Alpha-507's high radiation output, the human agents of MTF-Rho-76 are unable to safely cross within effective range of the entity. SCP-7275, being the only squad member capable of withstanding the entity's radiation, is sent to dispatch Alpha-507 as the rest of the team remains on standby from a perimeter 300 m away behind protective lead shielding. SCP-7275 attempts to fire on Alpha-507 from range, however, the entity swats SCP-7275-1-A's projectiles out of the air and quickly closes the distance]

> 

> **SCP-Alpha-507:** [In Japanese] Oh, the *American*. And this time, without your 'society.' You are as lonely as you are old.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** I may be old, but I don't know who you are.

> 

> **SCP-Alpha-507:** [In Japanese] No? Then let me remind you.

> 

> [SCP-7275 and SCP-Alpha-507 engage each other in close-quarters combat. Alpha-507 parries away several quick strikes by 7275 and ignites its sword before attacking with a downward slash. 7275 narrowly avoids the blow as Alpha-507's blade passes close enough to cause the back of its coat to catch fire. 7275 removes the coat and throws it into Alpha-507's mask, temporarily blinding the entity before stabbing SCP-7275-1-B through its chest plate. Alpha-507 does not react]

> 

> **SCP-Alpha-507:** [Laughing] [In Japanese] You really must have forgotten. I have no flesh for you to cut!

> 

> [SCP-Alpha-507's radioactivity rises sharply, and its body glows bright orange as it emits flames in all directions. SCP-7275 shields itself from the temperature as its uniform becomes singed]

> 

> **SCP-7275:** This feeling, it's... It's like when the bomb––. [Pauses] I know you.  Why–– how do I know you?

> 

> [At this point, all video and auditory recording equipment on SCP-7275's person is interrupted by the radiation. The incident is subsequently observed with long-distance surveillance equipment]

> 

> [SCP-7275 recoils and visibly trembles, seemingly from physical pain, which it was previously believed it was unable to feel. It temporarily ceases combat and examines the radiation burns forming on its arms. SCP-7275's biometric scanners indicate a sharp rise in its BPM and adrenaline, indicative of a "fight or flight" response]

> 

> [SCP-Alpha-507 slashes SCP-7275 upwards from its midsection across its face, causing the flesh of the affected area to bubble and melt from severe burning and radiation poisoning and tearing its facial bandages. SCP-7275 yells in pain and attempts to conceal its face. Its movements become noticeably wild and haphazard as it attempts to strike SCP-Alpha-507]

> 

> [SCP-Alpha-507 catches SCP-7275's arm and severs its forearm, causing it to drop SCP-7275-1-A. SCP-7275 appears to howl in pain before Alpha-507 grabs it by the throat, causing more of its flesh to melt, and pressing it against the wall of a dilapidated brick building. SCP-7275 uses its remaining hand to tear the sutures in its arm and pull several lengths of surgical thread from the stump of its wound. It wraps the thread around Alpha-507's throat and tightens, severing its helmet from its body. Alpha-507 throws 7275 through the wall of the building, which crumbles on top of 7275, before retrieving its helmet and reattaching it to its body]

> 

> [SCP-Alpha-507 attempts to find SCP-7275 in the rubble. The entity emerges behind it, and pierces itself in the chest with SCP-7275-1-B. The affected area begins to swell before forming boils that explode into a cloud of translucent yellow gas, which covers both entities. Welts, rashes and burns form over SCP-7275's skin, and SCP-Alpha-507 appears startled as green-colored rust forms over its armor. Its radioactivity sharply declines, allowing SCP-7275's body camera to transmit its audio feed again]

> 

> **SCP-Alpha-507:** [In Japanese] Such a putrid stench! [In English] What have you done!?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Radiation burns, but so do chemicals. It's called hydrochloric gas, and it destroys everything it touches; my lungs, my esophagus, my flesh and clothes. But if you get enough of it, it can even burn iron.

> 

> **SCP-Alpha-507:** [In Japanese] You... wretched!

> 

> [SCP-Alpha-507 lunges at SCP-7275. 7275 produces SCP-7275-1-A and fires it with sufficient force that it causes the barrel of the gun to splinter and tears through Alpha-507's chest and out its back. The armor becomes inanimate and falls to the ground as its temperature falls to normal. SCP-7275 collapses from exhaustion and begins seizing in pain from its injuries. Its heart rate does not fall]

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> [SCP-7275 remains unresponsive as MTF Rho-76 converges on its position in protective hazmat gear. Its heart rate rises over 220 BPM as it becomes aware of the team]

> 

> **Hooke:** Good work, 7275. The target's neutralized. Gecko, collect a tissue sample of that armor to bring back.

> 

> **Foxtrot:** Uh... Captain, he looks really messed up. 7275?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Burns... [Unintelligible] burning, won't stop.

> 

> **Gecko:** Shit, 7275 you alright? Let's get him a medical evac or something. [Reaches for SCP-7275]

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Get away! Get away from me, yōkai! Supernatural entities from Japanese folklore 

> 

> [SCP-7275 rises to its knees and slashes Agent Gecko across the chest with SCP-7275-1-B. The affected area begins to glow orange.]

> 

> **Gecko:** [Screams in agony] Help, it's burning!

> 

> **Hooke:** 7275, stop it! It's over, that's friendly fire!

> 

> **SCP-7275:** No, I'm–– I'm back there again, I... [Looks at Agent Gecko as he begins to immolate] Oh God, no! [It drops SCP-7275-1-B]

> 

> [SCP-7275-1-B's effects on Agent Gecko stop metastisizing. The agent writhes on the ground as his fellow squadmates attempt to treat the laceration and burns on his chest. SCP-7275 sinks to its knees and its vitals drop precipitously until it falls into a comatose state]

> 

> **[END LOG]**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Note:** During the incident, Agent Gecko suffered heavy lacerations and fourth-degree burns to his chest. He is expected to survive, however will require extensive surgery and physical therapy. SCP-7275 has been suspended from active duty pending a review of its containment procedures.

</details>

In February of 2004, Dr. Daisy Loche discovered SCP-7275's psychiatric records in the U.S. military archives from its service in the Vietnam War.

<details>
<summary>▶Military Psychiatric Record◀</summary>

On February 2, 1968, SCP-7275 was dismembered in a napalm strike during the Vietnam War. It reconstituted itself after six days, and was documented as entering a "dissociative state" for another three. The following is an excerpt from a subsequent psychiatric assessment of SCP-7275:

> The asset appears to be suffering from an acute case of battle fatigue. This is not to be unexpected, and, frankly, I am shocked this didn't become a problem sooner. Mr. Taylor has graced our mortuary four times already this war, but he has been defending the interests of the United States for generations. I've examined his file, and I am shocked he escaped the incident in Japan with his sanity intact. Death by immolation was simply the straw that broke the camel's back.

> 

> It is my assessment that Mr. Taylor is wholly unfit for continued military service given his current psychiatric state and should be discharged immediately.

> 

> Signed,

> Dr. Elisabeth P. Nichols,

> U.S. Army Nurse Corps

---

Dr. Nichols' petition to mandate a medical discharge for SCP-7275 was denied by supervising military personnel. By the end of the war in 1975, it had been "neutralized" seven times.

> Dr. Nichols' request is summarily denied. The Asset––and it is again stressed that Dr. Nichols respect protocol and not call the entity "Mr."––is and has always been a vital component of the United States Army, and his services are, as always, invaluable to the Vietnam Theater.

> 

> What, we should ask the good doctor, would be waiting for Asset Taylor outside the military if we discharged him?  He has not been integrated into civilian life since before the telegram was invented, he has nobody to take him in and would not be able to acclimate to modern society.  More importantly than that, Taylor is a walking, talking military secret.  Dr. Nichols would do well to remember that she is one of the only Americans of her security clearance with knowledge of his existence.  An undead, Revolutionary War-era superweapon cannot be exposed to the public.

> 

> Signed,

> SGM Bruce Wilson

> U.S. Army

---

Shortly after the Vietnam War's end in 1975, Dr. Nichols was discharged from the military after it was discovered she was pregnant. Many of her notes were lost thereafter.

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶Military Incident Record◀</summary>

On July 2005, SCP-7275 was assigned as a provisional asset of 1st Special Forces Operational Detachment-Delta, colloquially known as "Delta Force," to assist in neutralizing high-value targets in the Taliban.

On August 19, SCP-7275 and eight members of Delta Force were sent on a strike mission to a Taliban compound in Afghanistan. All files regarding the mission were deleted from military databases.  However, bodycam footage recovered by Foundation plants within the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) revealed the following details:

> = **VIDEO LOG**

> ----

> **DATE:** 08/19/2002

> 

> **LOCATION:** Helmand, Afghanistan

> 

> **NOTE:** All recovered footage is taken by the bodycam recordings of SCP-7275, Delta Force operatives, and American surveillance drones

> 

> ----

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **0300 hours:** Eight Delta Force operatives assume vantage points outside the perimeter of the compound. After estimating that there were twenty guards in the building, Mission Leader Alvin Reed gave the order to deploy the asset. At this point, an American F-117 Nighthawk drops a cylindrical metal payload into the center of the compound. SCP-7275 emerged from an automatic door on the container and began engaging the Taliban operatives.

> 

> The entity slays three in quick succession with SCP-7275-1-B.  As SCP-7275 draws the attention of the guards positioned on the walls, the Delta Force operatives use the distraction to neutralize them.  The surviving Taliban operatives quickly open fire on SCP-7275, however, it continues to fight unencumbered by multiple bullet wounds.

> 

> SCP-7275 bayonets the nearest gunman and keeps him attached to the end of the blade for use as a shield while shooting through him to neutralize four more combatants. When all Taliban operatives are neutralized, SCP-7275 tears down the gate to the compound to allow the Delta Force operatives to enter the facility.

> 

> SCP-7275 then proceeds to the entrance to the facility's interior. Mission Leader Alvin Reed shouts at the entity to wait, but it is too late to stop it from opening the door. SCP-7275 triggers an IED underneath, severing its left arm. At this point, approximately thirty more Taliban operatives emerge from the building in an ambush, killing seven of the Delta Force operatives. SCP-7275 sits unresponsive to the orders of Leader Reed and appears to enter a dissociative state.

> 

> Leader Reed attempts to grab SCP-7275, at which point the entity pierces him with SCP-7275-1-B, causing him to immolate and collapse after several seconds. SCP-7275 then detaches SCP-7275-1-B, wielding it as a melee weapon, and charges the Taliban combatants. It slashes one nearby, causing barbed wire to manifest and entangle him. SCP-7275 then proceeds through the rest of the compound, dispatching another seven enemy combatants, who all become perforated with what appear to be various gunshot wounds when cut by the bayonet.

> 

> At one point, a Taliban operative mans a machine gun turret mounted on a humvee and fires on SCP-7275's position. The entity hurls SCP-7275-1-B at the combatant, piercing him in the chest. The enemy swells and combusts in an incendiary explosion, igniting the vehicle and neutralizing several other combatants in the ensuing explosion.

> 

> SCP-7275 then summons SCP-7275-1-A through its coat and neutralizes the rest of the combatants present. During the battle, the compound catches fire, and SCP-7275 is obscured from all video feeds.

> 

> **[END LOG]**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> There are no survivors of the compound. A search team is dispatched to find SCP-7275, however, it is declared MIA and presumed destroyed after 72 hours.

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶Interview 7275.4◀</summary>

Following the discovery of SCP-7275's last military action report, Dr. Loche shared its records with the Ethics Committee and recommended it undergo a psychiatric evaluation. The Committee concurred with her hypothesis that the entity was likely suffering from an acute form of PTSD and permitted SCP-7275 to decide whether it would like to remain on Rho-76 while undergoing treatment.

Dr. Loche elected to inform SCP-7275 of this personally, leading to the following interview:

> **Interview Log 7275.4**

> 

> **Interviewer:** Level 3 Researcher Daisy Loche

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7275

> 

> **Date:** 02/11/2004

> 

> **Location:** Site-19

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Loche:** 7275, we've made some... troubling discoveries, in regards to your previous military service.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Nothing I can't clear up, I'm sure. I believe my efficacy as a soldier has been well displayed with Rho-76.

> 

> **Loche:** Your performance isn't an issue, 7275. Actually, you've been spectacular. This is about your psychiatric record. 7275, you've been... "neutralized," a fair amount of times now, and you've seen more warfare than anybody employed at the Foundation. And we have reason to believe that you are showing signs of a condition called Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, have you heard of it?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Shell shock? My mind is sewn with stronger threads than that, doctor.

> 

> **Loche:** This isn't about strength, 7275.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Doctor, I appreciate your concern, but you're wrong.  I am every bit the soldier I was in the 18th century, and then some today.  We will not be discussing this again.

> 

> **Loche:** [Sighs] We know what happened in Afghanistan. You were injured in an IED explosion, and in your confusion, you killed your captain.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** I... no, that's not right. I don't even remember the mission.

> 

> **Loche:** I believe that you don't remember, and it's not your fault, but that's the problem. You lost control. And this doesn't seem like the first time, either. We've read about your condition in the notes of one Dr. Elisabeth Nichols, from your time in Vietnam.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Leans forward in its chair] Elisabeth?

> 

> **Loche:** You and her were close, I understand. She was with you constantly throughout the war, and she was the one to put you back together every time you got hurt. She knew you better than anybody, because she didn't just understand you as a scientist, or a government functionary.  She understood you as a friend.  More than a friend, perhaps?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** ....

> 

> **Loche:** You loved her, didn't you?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** I still do.

> 

> **Loche:** What would she want for you?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** ....

> 

> **Loche:** I'll rephrase, and please think about this, do you think she would want this for you?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Hesitates] No. She hated this, all of it.

> 

> **Loche:** 7275... Lawrence, you don't owe anybody anything, not even her.  This needs to be for you, and for me to help I need to hear you say it.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** I... Perhaps... a respite, might be necessary. [Laughs] Elisabeth.  Doctor, let me tell you, never in the two hundred years before I met her, or in the half-century since have I met anybody like that woman.  Do you want to know, as sick as it is, why I could never stop fighting after I met her?  Even if I always knew she wouldn't want it?

> 

> **Loche:** Why?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Because the day I stop coming back is the day I can finally see her again. I think I'm far past the point of living "the simple life" now, but... I think she always believed I was more than a fighter. Maybe this is a sign to try and lead the kind of life she would be proud of. Can you make that happen, doctor? [Pauses] Doctor? Oh dear, are you crying girl?

> 

> **Loche:** [Wipes her eyes] It's just allergy season, but thank you for your concern. I'm going to put in a request to transfer you from active duty.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Pauses] Doctor, how did you know about Bob Dylan?

> 

> **Loche:** I beg your pardon?

> 

> **SCP-7275:** After my... incident, in the break room last year, the Foundation gave me a collection of records. Many of them made sense for my age. Emanuel Bach, Beethoven, James Hewitt. But one record from 1965 seemed out of place.

> 

> **Loche:** Oh... Well, I knew that your colleagues on Rho-76 were introducing you to new music.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** That was Elisabeth's favorite song. Did you know that?

> 

> **Loche:** [Hesitates] She may have mentioned you enjoyed it in her notes, but I don't recall exactly.

> 

> **SCP-7275:** [Appears to study Dr. Loche] You look––.

> 

> **Loche:**  [Interrupts SCP-7275 by opening a file in front of it] 7275, the Ethics Committee has assembled a therapy regimen that we think could be extremely helpful. Certain parts of this are elective, but I truly recommend that you take full advantage of it. [Dr. Loche leaves the file on the desk and exits the room]

> 

> **SCP-7275:** Thank you, doctor...

> 

> **[END LOG]**

Following this interview, SCP-7275 was removed from Rho-76. Dr. Loche and representatives of the Ethics Committee rewrote its containment procedures for the further study and treatment of its psychiatric condition.

</details>

SCP-7275's mandatory psychiatric journal logs have revealed previous injuries not disclosed to the Foundation upon its initial research, including from its alleged presence in Nagasaki, Japan on a covert mission during the city's nuclear bombing in 1945.

Outside of the specified special containment procedures, Specialist Hooke and SCP-7275's former teammates on Rho-76 were approved to take SCP-7275 to the Site-19 range for recreational target practice on a semimonthly basis to attempt to give it a positive association with some of its triggers. These members include Agent Sullivan [Gecko], who has made a full recovery from his injuries and expressed a desire to help with 7275's treatment.

Additionally, SCP-7275 has been approved to take an active role in the training of incoming MTF personnel on encounters with humanoid and military-related anomalies, both for the Foundation to utilize its talents in a more risk-free capacity and to offer it more opportunities for human interaction.

SCP-7275 has free access to the Foundation's regular amenities for treatment of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), including interaction with [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-999 SCP-999] under armed supervision.

As of a regularly scheduled psychiatric update on June 2007, incidents of SCP-7275's panic attacks have decreased by 36 percent, and its score on a Penn State Worry Questionnaire (PSWQ) style self-reporting test has improved from 58 to 44 on symptoms of PTSD out of a maximum of 60. Treatment remains ongoing.

<details>
<summary>ACCESS RESTRICTED: LEVEL 4 CREDENTIALS REQUIRED</summary>

> = **[AUTHENTIFICATION SUCCESSFUL]**

> 

> = **Psychiatric Update Meeting**

> 

> = **Date: June 13th, 2007**

> 

> = Level 3 Researcher Dr. Daisy Loche

> = &

> = Level 3 Psychiatrist, Ethics Committee Assignee, Dr. Dawson Heard

> 

---

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Heard:** Dr. Loche, a pleasure.

> 

> **Loche:** Likewise Dr. Heard. What do you have for me?

> 

> **Heard:** I think you'll find treatment has been having a positive effect on 7275, he seems to be settling well into his new role in MTF training. Although I'm sure you were as troubled as I was by his journal, I don't think even he understands the full scope of the damage done to his body. His mind, though, has proven incredibly strong, however damaged it is.

> 

> **Loche:** That... wasn't exactly put delicately, but it seems like good news. I've had the same conclusion myself, he seems to be in much higher spirits, even though his attacks haven't been fully eliminated yet.

> 

> **Heard:** Dr. Loche, respectfully... There is no "yet." Odds are that what he saw over the past 250 years will stay with him for however many decades or centuries he still has left. Our goal here is to teach him how to better understand and manage those feelings and to improve his quality of life however we can, but there are some things not even the Foundation can fully repair.

> 

> **Loche:** I... I know that.

> 

> **Heard:** ...Doctor, if I may, the Committee has been very impressed in your handling of 7275.  You've been his staunchest advocate, and helped him carve out a life here at the Foundation even though war is all he's ever known. He has friends and colleagues as you would expect for a normal person. Though I'm certain he could use family, as well. Why haven't you told him about your relation to Dr. Nichols?

> 

> **Loche:** My mom is my business too, you know. [Pauses] I didn't know about Lawrence until my mom died. She thought I deserved to know, I guess. I'm not the only person to grow up without a dad in their lives, and I could handle that. But imagine growing up and learning that your dad is an almost 300-year-old superweapon, who's been getting killed and stitched back together over and over and over again while your whole life you just thought he was a deadbeat, or just... well... *dead*. It was... difficult to process. Do you know why she named me "Daisy"?

> 

> **Heard:** Enlighten me.

> 

> **Loche:** Because in Vietnam, she used powdered daisies to treat his new wounds and scars. I guess the flower was some kind of an inside joke between them. So yeah, it's pretty weird. But what about the other side of that? What if I told him that he left his Elisabeth, the only person he's loved in centuries, as a single mother, and that all this time he's had a kid out there? Do you actually think *that* would help him, with everything he's already dealing with?

> 

> **Heard:** Well, do you wish you didn't know about him?

> 

> **Loche:** Of course I'm glad I know. But my way of coping was to go from being an Ivy League historian to working at... [waves her hands at the room around her] ...*this* place, just so I could help him.  He doesn't need that kind of stress.

> 

> **Heard:** Alternatively, I think he might be glad to know he has family out there. 7275 is from a completely different world. Everyone he knows is dead, including your mother. The man listens to a record player, and even that kind of technology seems futuristic to him. You might make him feel less alone the same way he did you.

> 

> **Loche:** [Holds her forehead] God, you're not psychoanalyzing me too, are you? I'm not your patient here. [Exhales] Maybe eventually, but not right now.

> 

> **[END LOG]**

</details>

<< [SCP-7274](SCP-7274) | SCP-7275 | [SCP-7276](SCP-7276) >>
