[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:xmas">:scp-wiki:theme:xmas</a>

|xmas-header= --]

|xmas-snow= --]]]

 

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

 

SCP-7363 is an aggregated file of multiple reports found in the system by RAISA operatives. As such, some details may not be consistent and has been assigned the Object Class of SkótosResearch and documentation of the item is still in progress or severely lacking. until a proper record is established.

 

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

 

### Record 1: Submitted by *[Account Corrupted]* on 13/04/2022

> **Proposed Description:** SCP-7363 is the collective designation of one (1) greenhouse, sixty-four (64) anomalously large plants, and one (1) two story house in the Outer Banks off the coast of North Carolina. Based on initial testing of digestive tissue found in dead plant specimens, the majority of the plants comprising SCP-7363 are believed to be carnivorous and able to feed on medium-sized prey. SCP-7363 and the corresponding megaflora were initially discovered by local government officials during a routine inspection of the property's gas meter and reported to the North Carolina State University at Raleigh because of their size. 

> 

> Samples of digestive fluids from living specimens are scheduled to be collected on May 12th, 2022. –Submitted by Audrey Greene

 

### Record 2: Submitted by *[Account Corrupted]* on 22/06/2022

> **Proposed Description:** SCP-7363 is a group of carnivorous plants found in North Carolina within a large, private greenhouse. According to all records, there is no known owner of the estate upon which SCP-7363 is located. As a result, the entire property containing SCP-7363 has been acquired as a Foundation asset and condemned to prevent future occupation. 

> 

> Plants comprising SCP-7363 are of various families of what are colloquially known as "Pitcher Plants" and, based on Foundation botanists' estimates, would have required sporadic feedings of large prey – up to the size of a full-grown human – to have grown to their present size. However, no records of any missing persons have been flagged in the area as abnormal – making the cause of their large size a present mystery. Testing to confirm hunting strategy, evidence of past prey, and genetics for classification is scheduled for mid-July. –Submitted by Patrick Denton

 

### Record 3: Submitted by *[Account Corrupted]* on 01/09/2022

> **Proposed Description:** SCP-7363 is a property in North Carolina containing a small, dilapidated house and a medium-sized greenhouse in the backyard. The house on the SCP-7363 property appears to have been lived in up until as recently as January 2022, based on the expiry date of the milk carton found in the fridge, although no such individual has been identified in any governmental records. Based on records found around the house, the owner was an exceptional parabotanist with a keen interest in sapient plant life, [ Daeva mythology](scp-4008 ), and memetic toxins. One such record was a framed doctorate in a personal office addressed to Dr. Vincent Martin.

> 

> According to notes found in the personal office, Dr. Martin is believed to have been working to find some form of memetic toxin for use by Foundation operatives breaching spaces controlled by particularly dangerous groups of interest. Foundation chemists have examined the biomolecules sketched throughout the notebooks and believe that Dr. Martin was aiming to produce a plant-based toxin with the ability to completely erase an individual retroactively, leaving no trace of them having ever existed so as to not raise the attention of missing personnel during infiltration. Unfortunately, while the final toxin design appears to be possible, no samples of the working toxin were recovered from SCP-7363. Notes have been transferred to the Department of Sciences Chemists for further analysis and potential synthesis.

> 

> Investigation into the greenhouse behind SCP-7363 is scheduled for September 9th –Submitted by Seymour Wilkinson

 

### Record 4: Submitted by ENMushnik@SCiPnet.org on 10/01/2023

> **Proposed Description:** SCP is a house in North Carolina with Foundation iconography found throughout the property. In the back of the house is an attached greenhouse with various anomalous plant species. Species within this greenhouse are believed to include unidentified megaflora variations of *Nepenthes*, *Sarraceniaceae*, *Cephalotaceae*, and *Drosera*, although a more formal taxonomic identification is awaiting investigation by Site-103 staff. 

> 

> Of note, several Foundation ID cards were discovered inside a dead *Nepenthes* pitcher belonging to no known personnel. Further testing is paused until the identities of Senior Botanist Dr. Audrey Greene, Junior Taxonomist Patrick Denton, Senior Researcher Dr. Seymour Wilkinson, and Site-103 Head Researcher Dr. Vincent Martin can be determined. 

> 

> **Temporary Special Containment Procedures:** Until further testing can be completed, SCP-7363 is to remain guarded from the public and all Foundation personnel without a clearance level 4 or higher. All Foundation iconography is to be removed and the property is to be made to look occupied by at least one dedicated agent. 

> 

> **Additional request for containment team assigned to SCP-7363:** Please also provide some new tools for eventual testing. I noticed that the ladder currently propped up in the far corner is a little slippery and unstable. Don't need anyone falling in before testing even has a chance to begin. Thanks! –Dr. Ellen Mushnik

= << [SCP-7362](SCP-7362) | SCP-7363 | [SCP-7364](SCP-7364) >>
