=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-7458

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7458's containment cell has been fitted with a triple-mode redundant fire suppression system, which will trigger automatically if the internal temperature rises above 40°C, or rises by 10°C in less than 5 minutes. The system can also be triggered manually. In case of catastrophic system failure, a full array of standard issue fire extinguishers are stored outside of SCP-7458's cell.

Due to the nature of SCP-7458's anomaly, no flammable materials are to be used in the furnishing of its chamber. Its bedding and clothes are produced from an asbestos cotton blend, and it is not to be provided with paper, wooden pencils, or marker pens A full list of prohibited items is available on request. .

As SCP-7458 is considered highly volatile, direct interaction is to be avoided wherever possible. All testing must be approved by Site Director Heinz Waelder. When interacting with SCP-7458, staff are required to avoid phrasing that could be interpreted as a positive value judgement on either SCP-7458 or any conceivable peers. In particular, commenting on the quality of SCP-7458's creative pursuits or the work of others in similar mediums is considered grounds for immediate disciplinary action, at the discretion of Director Waelder.

**Description:** SCP-7458 is a masculine presenting humanoid of western European ancestry, previously known as Johannes Gunnarson. When witnessing an individual other than itself receive praise or similar positive attention, SCP-7458 exhibits an endothermic reaction of varying intensity.

Statistical analysis to determine the exact parameters of this reaction is being carried out by the Department of Analytics, but a number of broad correlations have been identified;

* Inverse proportionality with SCP-7458's familiarity with the praiser.

* Inverse proportionality with SCP-7458's fondness towards the praised.

* Proportionality with volume and intensity of praise.

* Proportionality with SCP-7458's self-estimated proficiency in the skill being praised.

The range of intensity of SCP-7458's endothermic reaction is notably broad. In minor events, ambient room temperature may rise by up to 2°C; while in extreme events, spontaneous combustion has been observed.

SCP-7458 demonstrates some level of resistance to the heat and fire it produces, but not total immunity. It has also demonstrated no significant resistance to non-anomalous heat sources during capability tests.

**Discovery:** The Foundation became aware of SCP-7458 following an unexplained fire at a local poetry awards ceremony in Abergavenny, Wales. Burn pattern analysis, cross-referenced with reconstruction of the event's seating plan, indicated that SCP-7458 was sat within the fire's point of origin. Despite this, SCP-7458 suffered only second degree burns, while all other individuals present died in the conflagration.

As a result of the unlikelihood of SCP-7458 being the sole survivor, along with causative forensics indicating no clear ignition source, SCP-7458 was extracted from nearby Nevill Hall Hospital and taken into Foundation custody.

During preliminary interrogation, SCP-7458's hospital gown ignited upon the interrogating agent noting a fondness for the works of ████ ███████, who had been present at the event to receive an award. The interrogation was promptly terminated, and SCP-7458 contained in a temporary cell until the current containment procedures could be devised.

SCP-7458 has retroactively been connected to four previously unexplained fires across the southern United Kingdom, with a combined death toll of 23 people.

**Addendum:**

**Interview Log**

**Date:** 26/04/2025

**Interviewer:** Researcher Otto Jones

**Subject:** SCP-7458

*[Researcher Jones and SCP-7458 are seated on opposite sides of a plain steel table. A digital thermometer is sat in the center of the table, facing Researcher Jones.]*

**Jones:** Good morning SCP-7458. I will attempt to keep this brief, but I have a series of questions that we require you to answer on the history of your anomaly.

**SCP-7458:** Yeah, okay, sure, fine. If I go along with this will you let me talk to Diego?

*[Researcher Jones makes a note on his tablet.]*

**Jones:** I do not have the authority to make that decision.

**SCP-7458:** Okay right, fine. When am I going to get to talk to someone who does have that authority?

**Jones:** Do you believe I am not worth your time, SCP-7458?

**SCP-7458:** What? That doesn't follow at all man, I just want to talk to my husband, okay. Please, it's been a month, I need to know if he's okay.

**Jones:** SCP-7458, I really must insist we begin the actual interview.

**SCP-7458:** Right, fine. It's not like you've given me anything better to do with my time.

*[Researcher Jones frowns slightly, and makes a second note on his tablet.]*

**Jones:** Good. SCP-7458, do you recall the first time you utilised your anomaly?

*[SCP-7458 tilts its head and sits back, before leaning into the table.]*

**SCP-7458:** Utilised m-- you know I'm not doing this on purpose right?

**Jones:** Please answer the question, SCP-7458.

**SCP-7458:** No I-- never? I've never "utilised my anomaly" man, this shit just keeps happening and I'm fucking sick of it, okay?

**Jones:** SCP-7458 if you continue being unreasonable then I will be forced to terminate this interview, which will only prolong the process.

*[SCP-7458 rocks back in its chair, rubbing the heels of its palms into its eyes.]*

**SCP-7458:** Fine man, whatever, sure okay. The first time I remember this shit happening I must have been-- god uh, 13 maybe?

**Jones:** And what happened.

**SCP-7458:** School talent show, or comedy night, something like that at least. We really tried you know? Spent weeks on that routine, got some big laughs, I was golden. Then they start giving out prizes at the end, and some Year 7 gets all the flowers. Never even said anything funny, you know? It's stupid but that really burned. I mean really burned, like. No one was hurt, thank fuck, just melted the seat off my bike on the way home. But yeah, that's the first time.

**Jones:** And do you believe that was a proportional response?

**SCP-7458:** What? Obviously not man, I'm not a monster. I feel worse about the way it made me feel than how bad it felt in the moment, you know?

*[Researcher Jones raises an eyebrow and spends roughly 30 seconds typing before looking up at SCP-7458.]*

**Jones:** Did it occur to you at any point that the other child was simply funnier than you?

**SCP-7458:** I--

*[SCP-7458 is cut short by a loud beeping from the digital thermometer, which is displaying a rapidly rising ambient temperature.]*

**Jones:** This interview is terminated, SCP-7458 you will be escorted back to your cell shortly.

*[The recording ends as Researcher Jones exists the room, and the automated sprinkler system activates.]*

**End Log**

**Interview Log**

**Date:** 11/08/2025

**Interviewer:** Researcher Otto Jones

**Subject:** SCP-7458

*[Researcher Jones and SCP-7458 are seated on opposite sides of a clear, acrylic pane. There is a digital thermometer attached to SCP-7458's side of the pane, with the display facing Researcher Jones. A standard issue fire extinguisher is stood by Researcher Jones' chair.]*

**Jones:** Good morning SCP-7458, we will be continuing from our previ--

**SCP-7458:** Tell me how my husband is.

**Jones:** SCP-7458 I have been clear that I can't--

**SCP-7458:** Look man I don't care, I really don't. You have your rules and your regulations and I have literally no reason to give a shit, okay? You're holding me against my will~~ god knows where~~ and you won't even tell me if my fucking husband is safe, and then you expect me to give a full run down of every time my life has burned to the ground. Literally burned to the ground. You expect that from me, and then you act like I'm the one out of line when I'm not the perfect Miss Congeniality about the process.

*[Researcher Jones frowns heavily and then sighs.]*

**Jones:** As I was saying, I don't have the authority to make that decision. However, if your cooperation with our research is going to be contingent on an exchange of information, I can take that up with my superiors. After our discussion today. Is that acceptable to you SCP-7458.

**SCP-7458:** I-- Yeah. Yeah okay, yeah. Thank you. I'm sorry, I guess.

**Jones:** Good. Now then, tell me what happened on the 4th of August 2019.

**SCP-7458:** Right, sure. It all burned down man.

**Jones:** SCP-7458 I am going to need you to be more precise. What, exactly, burned down.

**SCP-7458:** Fucking all of it man, I don't know what to tell you. Someone said some shit, clashed with the vision of me in my head or whatever the shrinks say, and it all burned down around me. It's the same thing that happens every time.

*[SCP-7458 visibly slumps in its chair.]*

**SCP-7458:** I don't remember the details, okay. I don't remember who said what about who. I don't remember any of that shit. I just remember the feeling, and I remember the fire, and I remember needing to be someone new afterwards. And no, before you fucking ask again, no I don't think burning down a building was a reasonable reaction to whatever it was that whoever said, okay. I'm not controlling this. I never have been controlling this.

**Jones:** I believe you left your hometown shortly after, correct?

**SCP-7458:** Yeah I did. New town, new me, whatever.

**Jones:** Tell me how that went for you.

**SCP-7458:** You fucking know how it went, I know you do. It burned down. I'm not talking about this shit anymore okay, it's the same story over and over and I've lived it enough times already, I'm not telling it again.

**Jones:** SCP-7458, we agreed the terms of your coopera--

*[SCP-7458 slams its hands against the acrylic pane.]*

**SCP-7458:** And stop fucking calling me that okay. I have a name, call me Johannes. Call me Johan, or Hans, or Jo, or fucking Ivan, or Juan, or Sean-- I don't fucking care just stop using those stupid fucking numbers.

**Jones:** SCP-7458 if you do not restrain yourself I will be forced to terminate this interview once again, and you will increase the risk that my superiors choose not to agree to the terms we discussed.

**SCP-7458:** Terminate it then man. I've told you everything worth knowing about this bullshit, it's all just round and around again man.

*[Researcher Jones stands to leave and the feed terminates.]*

**End Log**

**Interview Log**

**Date:** 25/01/2026

**Interviewer:** Researcher Otto Jones

**Subject:** SCP-7458

*[Researcher Jones and SCP-7458 are seated on opposite sides of a clear acrylic pane, with a digital thermometer facing Resarcher Jones, and a standard issue fire extinguisher by his chair. Due to the events of the previous interview, SCP-7458 is handcuffed to its chair.]*

**Jones:** SCP-7458, despite your previous behaviour, my superiors have authorised me to inform you of the status of Mr. Diego G--

*[SCP-7458 attempts to leap forwards from its chair, but is restrained by its handcuffs.]*

**SCP-7458:** Is he okay? Please god tell me he's okay, can I speak to him, can I see him, it's okay just tell me he's alright please god it's--

**Jones:** If you'll allow me to finish, SCP-7458.

*[SCP-7458 falls back into a seated position and remains silent.]*

**Jones:** Thank you. I have been authorised to inform you of his condition, provided you do not display any of the problematic behaviour that has plagued our previous discussions for the duration of this interview. Do you find these terms acceptable, SCP-7458?

**SCP-7458:** I~~ Yeah. I do, yes, if you'll tell me how he's doing I'll ~~ Sorry. I'll cooperate, yes.

**Jones:** Good. Now, from what little you have told us in our previous discussions, the events you have caused induce a particular feeling in you. Explain that feeling.

**SCP-7458:** Events I~~ Right, sorry, yes. It's like~~ Well there's the burning, obviously. Not the literal burning it's, like, I can feel the space inside me on fire. Like, there's a place in me that's supposed to have all the things that, you know, whoever's talking is saying. But they aren't there, they're somewhere else, they're with someone else, you know?

**Jones:** Envy, SCP-7458.

**SCP-7458:** No it's not-- Look, I'm not jealous that someone else is being praised, okay? That's fine, other people deserve to be praised, I know that logically, and I'm not angry about that. Genuinely I mean that, I need you to believe me.

*[Researcher Jones does not respond, but nods and motions for SCP-7458 to continue.]*

**SCP-7458:** Okay. I know all that, I know it's not a rational feeling, right? But there's just this feeling like I've been robbed. Like something that I know full well wasn't ever actually mine has been taken away from me and given to someone else who doesn't deserve it. And it burns to feel that thing-I-didn't-have being taken from me, and the space it should-be-but-wasn't is on fire. And then that fire spreads. And then I'm all alone again.

*[Researcher Jones nods several times before making a note on his tablet and returning his gaze to SCP-7458.]*

**Jones:** If not envy, it sounds like you believe you are owed the gratitude and respect that is paid to others.

**SCP-7458:** Fuck I'm~~ Sorry, again, sorry. I'm not~~ I don't believe that, okay? I know I'm not owed shit, I know other people deserve respect, I know I'm not god's gift to mankind, right? I know that. I'm aware, and conscious, and completely comprehending that the way I feel is irrational. But like-- Okay, right, phobias yeah? Someone screams their head off and hyperventilates because they saw a house spider crawl under the sofa. They know that it can't hurt them, right? Like, phobias are irrational by definition or whatever, people know that feeling and that response doesn't actually make sense. But then, like, you know, that doesn't make them less scared does it? It's the same deal.

**Jones:** SCP-7458, are you saying you have a phobia of other people being praised? An anomalous phobia, specifically, which causes you to catch fire?

*[SCP-7458 throws its head backwards and laughs incredulously.]*

**SCP-7458:** God, it's genuinely impressive how you can~~ Right, behaving. No, it's not a phobia, I'm not scared. I'm just saying, knowing that the way you feel is irrational doesn't stop you feeling that way, right? Do you think~~ Okay, this has ruined my fucking life. A half dozen times, bare minimum. This stupid bullshit has burned down everything I love and destroyed my life, okay? If there was anything that worked, anything I had found, anything at all that would just stop me from feeling like this I would have fucking taken it. I don't want this, okay? I don't want it, but that doesn't make it go away.

**Jones:** Thank you SCP-7458, that is enlightening.

**SCP-7458:** Okay, do you, like, do you have any more questions?

**Jones:** Not at present, SCP-7458.

**SCP-7458:** Right, no problem, can-- Please can you tell me how Diego is doing then? Please?

**Jones:** Of course, SCP-7458.

*[Researcher Jones reaches into his labcoat pocket and withdraws a piece of paper. SCP-7458 leans as far forwards as his restraints will allow.]*

**Jones:** "Regarding the fire at The Abergavenny Hotel on April 14th 2025, DNA sequencing of the remains found at the scene has confirmed that Johannes Gunnarson is the only surviving attendee."

*[SCP-7458 screams, causing Researcher Jones to cover his ears. It proceeds to slump forwards, remaining suspended by its handcuffs. It can be seen crying, although no sound is recorded. Researcher Jones and SCP-7458 do not move for approximately 5 minutes, at which point Researcher Jones signals for security and terminates the recording.]*

**End Log**

Due to a demonstrated pattern of vehemence and attempted emotional manipulation, Director Heinz Waelder has ordered the cancellation of all planned interviews with SCP-7458.

<< [SCP-7457](SCP-7457) | SCP-7458 | [SCP-7459](SCP-7459) >>

> **Filename:**

> **Author:**

> **License:**

> **Source Link:**
