#### MESSAGE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

*The following document is outdated, and does not fully reflect the Foundation's knowledge on the object. Please be advised some information is inaccurate or false. For an updated and accurate file, please see "SCP-7772, Version 3.0".*

**Item #:** SCP-7772

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7772 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber. SCP-7772 is prohibited from obtaining or viewing any material depicting deceased celebrity Fred "Mr. Rogers" Rogers unless authorized for testing purposes.

Should a test require SCP-7772's anomalous effects to occur, it is to be within a heat-resistant and blast-resistant testing chamber, capable of withstanding beyond the highest temperature SCP-7772 has been recorded to reach.

Should SCP-7772's anomalous effects occur inadvertently and result in a containment breach, SCP-7772 is to be allowed to destroy the Mr. Rogers-related material which triggered its anomalous effects until its anomalous effects cease. Should they persist after the material is destroyed, on-site security personnel equipped with heat-resistant gear are to attempt to restrain and sedate SCP-7772. SCP-7772 will then be monitored for any residual anomalous effects.

**Description:** SCP-7772 is a 32-year-old female human, standing 163 cm tall and weighing 61kg. Prior to SCP-7772’s containment, it was a local news reporter for 10 years. Aside from when its anomalous effects occur, it is physically identical to a standard, non-anomalous human. 

SCP-7772's anomalous effects occur when exposed to any materialImages, videos, artworks, etc. that depicts the deceased celebrity Fred "Mr. Rogers" Rogers. Upon viewing, SCP-7772's body temperature raises to approximately 1500 degrees Celsius, and gains increased physical strength and durability. SCP-7772's emotional state alters into a single-minded rage towards the material, and will not cease until the material is destroyed.

Upon the destruction of the material which triggered SCP-7772's anomalous effects, SCP-7772 will, over the course of several minutes, return to its non-anomalous form. It will retain memories of its anomalous effect occurring, and does not show any signs of harm or damage.

**Addendum 7772-01** Below is an interview with SCP-7772 conducted by Head Researcher Jackson, in an attempt to discern a reason behind SCP-7772's anomalous abilities.

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *Researcher Jackson sits down across from SCP-7772, who is restrained by its ankles. He sets down a collection of documents, a clipboard, and a pen.*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** If you could please state your legal name for the record, SCP-7772?

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Samantha Blevvins.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Thank you. Now, according to our records, your anomalous effects occur...

> 

> *Researcher Jackson opens a file and begins to skim through it.*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Ah, am I reading this right?

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Why are you asking me? I can't read it from here.

> 

> *Researcher Jackson rolls his eyes. SCP-7772 chuckles.*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** If this is correct, you are capable of achieving superhuman feats when exposed to... material involving Mr. Rogers?

> 

> **SCP-7772:** That's right! Good job, I had a feeling you could read!

> 

> *Researcher Jackson sighs and looks down at the table.*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** [Quietly] Okay...

> 

> *Researcher Jackson looks back up to face SCP-7772.*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Do you have any recollection of when this first started?

> 

> **SCP-7772:** My powers or my hatred of that loser in a sweater?

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Your powers, please.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Well, I always kinda felt like I could kill him if given the chance, you know? If I ever saw the guy, that I'd be able to just...

> 

> *SCP-7772 punches the air.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Wham! You know? He'd fall down like a sack of bricks, and then I'd beat up the bricks until they were nothing but a pile of blood and gore.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Right, but when did you first notice your a-

> 

> **SCP-7772:** I'm getting to it, don't you worry.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Ah- hm.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** What? Got something you wanna say? I'm not thin-skinned, come on!

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** I'd rather not get into this during an interrogation. It's clear to me that you're not enjoying this process. Trust me, I would also like to finish this as soon as possible for my own sake.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Wow, what a blow to my ego.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** I'm not here to console you, I'm here to figure out what is going on so we can work on regulating your anomaly properly.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Don't show me any pictures of Mr. Rogers. Boom, done. Where's my Nobel Prize?

> 

> *Researcher Jackson audibly sighs once again.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Ooooh, hitting me with the parental sigh of disappointment. That'll teach me, huh?

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** I believe it would benefit us both to cut the snide comments and to instead just answer the questions as quickly and straightforward as possible. That way, we won't have to be in each other's presence anymore.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** What, you think I'm not having fun?

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Is there another reason why you're purposefully dragging this out longer than it should be?

> 

> *SCP-7772 briefly shrugs.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Suppose I just like making things interesting. It was my job, after all. Taking something plain and making it a spectacle. Like you for example.

> 

> *SCP-7772 smirks. Researcher Jackson grimaces.*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Is this how you spoke to your subjects while you were interviewing them?

> 

> **SCP-7772:** No. They actually had something worthwhile that I wanted to listen to. You're so boring that I've literally started counting the wrinkles on your face.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Then answering my questions will be a reprieve from your boredom, no? Surely that's a good reason to stop goofing around?

> 

> *SCP-7772 chuckles.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Fine, fine. You wanted to know when my powers first started showing up, yeah?

> 

> *Researcher Jackson sighs in relief.*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Yes. Thank you.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Well, as far as I can remember, it was during an interview at that one children's center. You know, that one with the Mr. Rogers statue in front of it? Or...

> 

> *SCP-7772 snorts.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** I guess *had* the Mr. Rogers statue now.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Do you remember anything that happened that day that caused your abilities? Any sort of trigger?

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Trigger? Well, I guess that was just the first time I'd seen anything up close that looked like that sweater-wearing dweeb. The moment I saw him, I got enough power to kill him.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** You know that wasn't the *real* Mr. Rogers, right? He died several years ago.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Psh, of course I do! I guess that was just the next closest thing, you know? I saw Mr. Rogers, I thought 'Huh, I should punch that until it's a smear on the ground', and so I did.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** So you explanation of your powers are... they just happened?

> 

> *SCP-7772 crosses its arms.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** If you want to call years upon years of hatred building up to my one big moment just happening, sure, that's a good description. Edgy kids want to kill Barney the Dinosaur, or Justin Bieber, or whatever. They just haven't had the opportunity to do so. I got my opportunity.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** That's... that's not at all how this works.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** You got a better explanation? Personally, I'm sticking with my 'the power was inside you all along' theory until you bring up some science-y whatever that'll change my mind.

> 

> *Researcher Jackson puts his head in his hands.*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Sure. That sounds like a great idea.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Everything okay, pal? You seem kind of out of it now. It's okay, a bruised ego scars over the more people beat you down. The more you talk to me, the more we can work together to get that stick out of your ass!

> 

> *Researcher Jackson looks up to SCP-7772.*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** I would sooner eat my clipboard than reduce myself to talk to you any further. I've been a loyal, reliable researcher for this organization for fifty years, and now I'm stuck dealing with the dregs.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Seems like a you problem if you've sunk this low.

> 

> *Researcher Jackson raises his hand in a fist, then opens his mouth as if to speak. He then relaxes and exhales loudly.*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Terminate the interview. We're done here. Guards, take SCP-7772 back to its cell.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** See you next time, doc!

> 

> **<End Log>**

**Addendum 7772-02** On February 27th, 2020, SCP-7772 was requested by the Department of Humanoid Containment to be transferred to Site-19's [Department of Other.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/you|) Below is a copy of the memo sent to Dr. Gerald, Head of the Department of Other, as well as his reply.

> 

> + Anomaly Custody Transfer Request

> 

> 

> 

> ++ From the Desk of Charlotte Constanza, Humanoid Containment

> 

> 

> **Anomaly In Question:** SCP-7772

> 

> **Reason For Request:** Due to the workload the Department of Humanoid Containment is given, considering the sheer amount of humanoid anomalies the Foundation contains, the O5 Council has given approval to transfer some of our less important anomalies onto you, including SCP-7772. We are aware that the Department of Other is in need of more things to do these days, and so consider this a sign of good will from us.

> 

> Furthermore, Head Researcher Jackson called working with the anomaly "demeaning of his station", citing several disputes between himself and SCP-7772, as well as deeming the actual process of testing the anomaly too absurd. Several of his co-workers have also cited his attitude has worsened towards them as well since his induction on the project. We know that the Department of Other does well as far as absurdity goes, so hopefully that won't be a problem for you.

> 

> Regards, Dr. Constanza.

> 

> + Anomaly Custody Transfer Response

> 

> 

> 

> ++ From the Desk of Dr. Gerald, Department of Other

> 

> 

> **Request Response:** Accepted.

> 

> **Terms:** SCP-7772 is to be transferred to the Department of Other on March 12th, 2020. Until its total integration within the Department of Other, the Department of Humanoid Containment will offer guidance regarding its containment and testing protocols to ensure the safety of SCP-7772’s new Head Researchers. Furthermore, SCP-7772 is to be renamed SCP-3:33-J in all official documentation.

> 

> The Department of Other appreciates the Department of Humanoid Containment's act of kindness, and assures them that they will take good care of the anomaly as long as it is under their custody.

> 

> **Note:** I will say, I do find it a little ridiculous that a researcher would stake their career on an anomaly like this. Any number of our researchers would be more than happy to take care of SCP-7772, and honestly, it may be better for the anomaly to not be under the care of a curmudgeon like Researcher Jackson as well.

**Item #:** ~~SCP-3:33-J~~ SCP-7772

**Object Class:** ~~Keter~~ Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7772 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber. SCP-7772 is ~~prohibited from obtaining or viewing any material depicting deceased celebrity Fred "Mr. Rogers" Rogers unless authorized for testing purposes.~~ ##blue| to be shown material which depicts deceased celebrity Fred "Mr. Rogers" Rogers at least once every day.##

~~Should a test require SCP-7772’s anomalous effects to occur, it is to be within a heat-resistant and blast-resistant testing chamber, capable of withstanding beyond the highest temperature SCP-7772 has been recorded to reach.~~ ##blue|Due to the perceived nature of SCP-7772's anomalous effects, testing is prohibited until further notice.##

Should SCP-7772's anomalous effects occur inadvertently and result in a containment breach, ~~SCP-7772 is to be allowed to destroy the Mr. Rogers-related material which triggered its anomalous effects until its anomalous effects cease. Should they persist after the material is destroyed, on-site security personnel equipped with heat-resistant gear are to attempt to restrain and sedate SCP-7772.~~ ##blue|properly-equipped on-site security personnel are to assess the situation and determine whether SCP-7772 is to be allowed to destroy the material which triggered its anomalous effects, and either attempt to detain it before or after its destruction depending on the assessment.## SCP-7772 will then be monitored for any residual anomalous effects.

**Description:** SCP-7772 is a 32-year-old female human, standing 163 cm tall and weighing 61kg. Prior to SCP-7772’s anomalous effects occurring, it is physically identical to a standard, non-anomalous human.

SCP-7772’s anomalous effects occur when exposed to any material that depicts the deceased celebrity Fred "Mr. Rogers" Rogers. Upon viewing, SCP-7772's body temperature raises to approximately 1500 degrees Celsius, and gains increased physical strength and durability. SCP-7772’s emotional state alters into a single-minded rage towards the material, and will not cease until the material is destroyed.

Upon the destruction of the material which triggered SCP-7772’s anomalous effects, SCP-7772 will, over the course of several minutes, return to its non-anomalous form. It will retain memories of its anomalous effect occurring, and does not show any signs of harm or damage.

##blue|SCP-7772's secondary anomalous effects occur when it has not been exposed to any material depicting Mr. Rogers within a certain undetermined time period. SCP-7772 is capable of manipulating the realistic probability of naturally being exposed to material related to Mr. Rogers, even in situations where no such material is presently available.##

**Addendum 7772-01, First Recorded Probability Incidents:** Below is a series of reports describing the first recorded instances of SCP-7772's secondary anomalous effects occurring while under the care of the Department of Other.

> **Incident 3:33-J-01**

> 

> **Date:** April 2nd, 2020

> 

> **Events:** On April 2nd, 2020, SCP-3:33-J was seen asleep in her containment chambers. At approximately 3:00 AM, SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects activated, resulting in the destruction of her bed and nearby wall. She awoke and continued to cause mild destruction with no apparent target. Eventually, SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects ceased, and she returned to bed. In a later interview, it was determined that she had a dream featuring Mr. Rogers that night.

> 

> **Notes:** *The fact that it triggers on her dreams is definitely difficult, but it at least explains why the folks upstairs didn't just dose her with sleeping medication and keep her on an IV drip. Definitely makes our lives harder, but we've handled much worse.* - Researcher Franz Irving

> **Incident 3:33-J-02**

> 

> **Date:** April 30th, 2020

> 

> **Events:** On April 30th, 2020, SCP-3:33-J was alone in its containment chamber. Due to good behavior, it was granted a cable television with limited channel selection. At approximately 4:15 PM, a commercial played advertising the Blu-Ray edition of the 2019 movie, "A Beautiful Day In The Neighborhood". In the advertisement, footage of the show "Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood" was briefly played, which was sufficient to activate SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects, resulting in the destruction of the television and the wall behind it.

> 

> **Notes:** *In hindsight, giving her access to cable was not the brightest idea. As she's otherwise been on good behavior, she's kept the television, but now has access to a limited selection of streaming channels that were screened to ensure Mr. Rogers does not appear in any form on all of them.* - Researcher Franz Irving

> **Incident 3:33-J-03**

> 

> **Date:** May 15th, 2020

> 

> **Events:** On May 15th, 2020, a social event in the Department of Other's break room was scheduled for certain anomalies who have demonstrated good behavior to attend. SCP-3:33-J was in attendance. [Operative 7](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-777-j|), who had been taking selfies with a number of other anomalies, inadvertently showed SCP-3:33-J its lock screen, which featured Operative 7, shirtless, standing triumphantly over a large, reptilian beast in a destroyed cityscape. SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects activated, destroying Operative 7's phone. Fortunately, Operative 7 was able to temporarily restrain SCP-3:33-J and allow the other anomalies to escape mostly unharmed. Upon examination of the image that Operative 7 used on its phone, it was discovered that there was a ruined newspaper in the foreground that featured a headshot of Mr. Rogers.

> 

> **Notes:** *Of course I'm not upset at her. Fledgling warriors with powers like hers need to be channeled properly. I'd offer to train her to utilize her powers for good if I am allowed.* - Operative 7

> **Incident 3:33-J-04**

> 

> **Date:** June 12th, 2020

> 

> **Events:** On June 12th, 2020, a standard test with [SCP-4237-J](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4237-j|) went hursky. SCP-4237-J plorksed, which firnted the third brumvle of the churgling. The resulting destruction caused a mass containment breach in the Department of Other, setting several anomalies loose. At the time, SCP-3:33-J was in its containment chamber. At 5:16 PM, the southern wall of SCP-3:33-J's containment chamber collapsed, and SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects activated. After several days of examination to determine what activated SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects, it was determined that the rubble of SCP-3:33-J's new containment chamber fell in such a way that, from the perspective SCP-3:33-J was standing, it formed an exact replica of Mr. Rogers' face.

> 

> **Note:** *We may have a few anomalies that breach containment regularly, but this is ridiculous. Once is an accident, twice is a coincidence, but three times is a pattern. Especially when the third time is something like THIS.* - Researcher Franz Irving

Following the previous incident, Researcher Franz Irving brought SCP-7772 in for an interview.

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *Researcher Irving is presently seated in the interrogation chamber. SCP-7772 is brought in, escorted by a guard.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Heya! What's going on, need me to tell another life story?

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** At this point I'm sure you should know why we need to talk, Samantha. We have a problem, and we're hoping you can help us figure whether you're the cause, or simply the center of it.

> 

> *SCP-7772 sits down.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** What do you mean? Is this about the party? You know I didn't mean that, I was just caught off guard, you know?

> 

> *Researcher Irving pushes up his glasses.*

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** To an extent, yes, it is about the party. It is also about the broken television and the incident with the security breach.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** I thought you said it wasn't my fault for that stuff? Like, it was all a freak coincidence?

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** I did. And it was. But you've had a lot of freak coincidences happen recently. On a daily basis, the odds that someone is accidentally exposed to Mr. Rogers is rare, and yet you've had it happen three times since you've been in our care. There's no sign of any direct tampering on our end, so... 

> 

> *Researcher Irving crosses his legs.*

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** Either you're willingly hiding something from us, or something is happening to you that you're unaware of.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** What?

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** As far as you know, what powers do you have?

> 

> *SCP-7772 scratches its head.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Um... I can punch really hard and explode things around me whenever I see Mr. Rogers. Fuck me if I'm wrong about that, but as far as I can tell that's what I have.

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** There's nothing you're hiding from us? No... reality bending? Probability-altering? Anything?

> 

> **SCP-7772:** I've got no reason to lie considering the situation I'm in. You think I've got something like that going on, too?

> 

> *SCP-7772 smiles eagerly.*

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** You could, but don't seem so happy about it. If this is something that you genuinely can't control, then it makes it harder for us to control it, too. We'll have to place some firmer restrictions on you for now, unfortunately.

> 

> *SCP-7772 frowns.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Damn, guessing I lost my TV privileges, huh?

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** You can keep the TV for now.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Nice.

> 

> **<End Log>**

**Addendum 7772-02, Incidents Involving Personnel:** During SCP-7772's increased surveillance, several other incidents occurred involving its anomaly inadvertently activating. Below are two cases of incidents occurring where Foundation Personnel were the targets.

> **Incident 3:33-J-12**

> 

> **Date:** November 8th, 2020

> 

> **Events:** On November 8th, 2020, SCP-3:33-J was being brought back to its cell from lunch, only for its anomalous effects to activate, targeting Researcher Parkland and her office computer. While in recovery, Researcher Parkland had admitted to watching a link to a video featuring a fictional rap battle between Mr. Rogers and actor Mr. T. While Researcher Parkland's screen was not visible from the hallway, it is theorized that SCP-3:33-J saw the image reflected in Researcher Parkland's glasses, hence why she was targeted as well as her computer.

> **Incident 3:33-J-13**

> 

> **Date:** November 10th, 2020

> 

> **Events:** On November 10th, 2020, Researcher Hewitt was asked to perform an interview with SCP-3:33-J regarding the incident that took place two days prior. As Researcher Hewitt entered the interrogation chamber, SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects activated, directed towards Researcher Hewitt. Researcher Hewitt sustained major injuries, but SCP-3:33-J was subdued and re-contained before Researcher Hewitt could perish. In a later interview, it was discovered that Researcher Hewitt had apparently dressed up as Mr. Rogers for Halloween when he was 12 years old.

Below is an interview performed by Researcher Irving one week later.

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *SCP-7772 is in a blast-proof interrogation chamber with a layer of protective glass separating her and Researcher Irving. SCP-7772's arms and legs are restrained.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Hey Frankie! Sorry about all that mess before, guess the powers that be meant that we had to be together, eh?

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** Samantha, this is not a time for games. You attacked not one, but two researchers.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** You know I can't control my powers, what do you expect me to do? Bottle it up and explode?

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** I expect you to know better than to try to tear off Researcher Parkland's face. You know she's permanently disfigured now, right? It's a wonder that both she and Researcher Hewitt are both alive.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** They're alive? Guess I've gotten pretty good at managing my powers after all!

> 

> *Researcher Irving furrows his brow.*

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** Please treat this seriously, you've personally put two researchers in the health ward. We need to figure your anomaly out before it happens again.

> 

> *SCP-7772 rolls its eyes.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** You're starting to sound like that dusty crotch that used to interview me when I lived upstairs. I thought this was the *fun* department?

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** Samantha, why did you attack those researchers? Even you should be able to tell that a person who says that they are Mr. Rogers isn't actually Mr. Rogers, especially when they aren't actively saying that they're Mr. Rogers.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Oh, come on. Anyone who wants to actually associate themself with that lame-ass may as well be him. They get like... a stink about them or something.

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** A stink?

> 

> **SCP-7772:** A metaphorical stink.

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** That still doesn't justify attacking two innocent people.

> 

> *SCP-7772 looks confused.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Well, what do you want me to say? I'm sorry that the powers I can't control around anything related to Mr. Rogers activated around something related to Mr. Rogers? Seems to me like that's your guys' fault for letting that guy even come anywhere near me if you cared about him so much. And as far as Parkland goes, the video she was watching was for kids anyway, so she should get her shit together!

> 

> **Researcher Irving:** Do you take responsibility for anything? Or are you just this conceited all the time?

> 

> *SCP-7772 scoffs.*

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Only when it's my fault. And as far as I'm concerned, this shit ain't on me. I didn't ask to get these powers, and I didn't ask to get showered with Mr. Rogers shit. If you want it to go away so badly, then fucking do something about it instead of shouting at me for being a horrible person.

> 

> *Researching Irving sighs.*

> 

> **Researching Irving:** Fine. I will. I'll make sure that something is actually done about this.

> 

> **SCP-7772:** Good. I'd love to not explode every other week too.

> 

> **<End Log>**

Afterwards, Researching Irving proposed the following list of protocols among all Department of Other personnel for approval:

* The banning any unapproved media, imagery, or digital documentation of Mr. Rogers ##green|[Approved]##

* Sedating SCP-3:33-J with amnestics that prevent her from having dreams ##green|[Approved]##

* An interview and examination with all personnel to determine if they had ever claimed to have been Mr. Rogers in the past ##green|[Approved]##

* The isolation of personnel that had claimed to have been Mr. Rogers in the past from SCP-3:33-J ##green|[Approved]##

**Addendum 7772-03, Incident 19 and Researcher Irving's Updated Protocols:** Below are the details regarding the 19th incident of SCP-7772's anomalous effects occurring inadvertently.

> **Incident 3:33-J-19**

> 

> **Date:** January 29th, 2021

> 

> **Events:** On January 29th, 2021, SCP-3:33-J was alone in its containment chamber, using its television. As SCP-3:33-J was selecting a show to watch, its anomalous effects activated, once again destroying the television. It was later determined that its effects activated after an image of the movie "Castaway" showed up, starring Tom Hanks.

> 

> **Notes:** *This is the first time her anomalous effects have been triggered on something other than Mr. Rogers, or something that has been Mr. Rogers in the past. Does the anomaly count things that are GOING to be Mr. Rogers, or is it somehow aware of pop culture? Either way, this means that the definition of what "Mr. Rogers" is is a lot more flexible than we thought, and a lot more dangerous to handle.* - Researcher Franz Irving

Following this, Researcher Irving proposed the following updated restrictions:

* The banning of the words "Mr. Rogers" and "Neighbor" said verbally without permission ##green|[Approved]##

* The banning and removal of sweaters, puppets, Tom Hanks, or anything that could be remotely related to Mr. Rogers or Mr. Rogers media ##orange|[Approved with exceptions]##

* The banning of random acts of kindness, on the chance that association with Mr. Rogers may be enough to trigger the anomaly ##red|[Denied]##

* The banning of politeness, for the same above reasons ##red|[Denied]##

* The banning of the practice of Presbyterianism, for the same above reasons ##red|[Denied]##

Below is a series of memos between Department Head Dr. Gerald and Researcher Irving regarding the incident and his newly proposed restrictions.

> 

> ++ From the Desk of Dr. Gerald, Department of Other

> 

> 

> **Message:** Franz, I know that you're trying your hardest to minimize the damage SCP-3:33-J causes. Trust me, I'm working hard to ensure that your protocols are not only followed, but accepted. SCP-3:33-J isn't exactly a pleasant person to be around, and not even in an endearing or humorous way; many personnel believe she isn't worth the effort, and she would be better off transferred back upstairs, and yet they still followed your initial list of protocols because of me. 

> 

> Of course, people are certainly willing to accept a few protocols but banning kindness? Politeness? Infringing on religious rights? Franz, please, you must see that that is over-stepping, no? While the details of the anomaly are unknown, you've been polite to her before. You've been kind to her before. And while I may not know the religious practices of everyone in here, I'm sure that that's a few steps removed from the identity of Mr. Rogers. Hell, I had to Google it to figure out how Presbyterianism was even related to him!

> 

> I know you're invested in this, Franz, and I appreciate everything you've done so far, but we can't ruin the lives of everyone else in this department over one anomaly. This is the line.

> 

> ++ From the Desk of Franz Irving, Department of Other

> 

> 

> **Message:** In all honesty, Dr. Gerald, I'm tired. I really, genuinely am. As someone who works with her on a daily basis, I know that she isn't a fun person to be around. I know that I for one would be happy if she would just go back upstairs and we could focus on things that aren't blowing our department up every other week. So why do I want us to go through all this effort at all?

> 

> Well, for one, we've done worse for less. We've given anomalies blood sacrifices. We've given anomalies power, both physical and metaphysical. We've defiled corpses for the sake of containment! Being mean to each other is hardly a challenge, and I think we're way past being on the moral high ground for religious censorship.

> 

> The other reason being that as far as we can tell, the anomaly is adaptable. The definition of what "Mr. Rogers" is seems to be reliant on anything that claims to be Mr. Rogers in one sense or another, even if they aren't doing it actively. She's seen Tom Hanks before and didn't flip out, but this is the first time she's seen him since the first incident. The anomaly *learns*, and a learning, probability-altering anomaly means that eventually, if we can't lock her down for good, just about anything could theoretically send her off if the odds are in her favor. Or, rather, not in our favor.

> 

> I am working my ass off to make sure we can actually contain her, but nothing seems to work. Preventing just physical exposure is just not going to be enough right now, we need to take it a step further, especially when the time between accidents is getting shorter. On average they've been happening once a week, but we've had accidents happen with as little as a day in between them. This is the only way I can think of that will give us the best shot at buying us time.

In spite of further memos between the two, Researcher Irving's additional protocols were ultimately denied.

**Addendum 7772-04, Adaptability Tests:** Since Incident 3:33-J-19, Researcher Irving had conducted numerous tests over the course of several days to determine if it was possible to tailor what activated SCP-7772’s anomalous effects through association.

> **Test #:** 3:33-J-69

> 

> **Date:** February 1st, 2021

> 

> **Procedures:** Place an unpeeled orange in front of SCP-3:33-J. Wait 5 minutes. Retrieve the orange, attach a picture of Mr. Rogers onto it and replace it.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects did not activate until after the orange was replaced with the image of Mr. Rogers attached.

> **Test #:** 3:33-J-70

> 

> **Date:** February 1st, 2021

> 

> **Procedures:** Place an unpeeled orange in front of SCP-3:33-J. Wait 5 minutes. Announce over the intercom that an image of Mr. Rogers will be placed onto the orange. Wait 5 minutes. Retrieve the orange, attach a picture of Mr. Rogers onto it and replace it.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects did not activate until after the orange was replaced with the image of Mr. Rogers attached.

> **Test #:** 3:33-J-71

> 

> **Date:** February 1st, 2021

> 

> **Procedures:** Place an unpeeled orange in front of SCP-3:33-J. Wait 5 minutes. Announce over the intercom that that orange is Mr. Rogers. Wait 5 minutes. Retrieve the orange, attach a picture of Mr. Rogers onto it and replace it.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects activated after the announcement over the intercom, targeting the orange.

> **Test #:** 3:33-J-97

> 

> **Date:** February 13th, 2021

> 

> **Procedures:** Equip D-99979 with blast-resistant gear and a concealed earpiece. Instruct D-99979 to enter the testing chamber and have a conversation with SCP-3:33-J. After an indeterminate amount of time, Researcher Irving will speak into the earpiece, calling D-99979 Mr. Rogers.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects activated after Researcher Irving spoke into the earpiece. SCP-3:33-J was subdued and D-99979 was escorted out safely.

> **Test #:** 3:33-J-98

> 

> **Date:** February 13th, 2021

> 

> **Procedures:** Equip D-0212 with blast-resistant gear. Instruct D-0212 to enter the testing chamber and attempt to impersonate Mr. Rogers without explicitly saying who he was impersonating.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects activated after D-0212 began doing the impersonation, targeting D-0212. SCP-3:33-J was subdued and D-0212 was escorted out safely.

> **Test #:** 3:33-J-99

> 

> **Date:** February 13th, 2021

> 

> **Procedures:** Show D-52709 footage of D-0212 doing an impression of Mr. Rogers without explicitly saying who the impression was of. Equip D-52709 with blast-resistant gear. Instruct D-52709 to enter the testing chamber and attempt to impersonate D-0212.

> 

> **Results:** SCP-3:33-J's anomalous effects activated after D-52709 began doing the impersonation, targeting D-52709. SCP-3:33-J was subdued and D-52709 was escorted out safely.

Following the results of Test 3:33-J-99, Researcher Irving and Dr. Gerald shared the following memos:

> 

> ++ From the Desk of Franz Irving, Department of Other

> 

> 

> **Message:** Attached are the results of some of my most recent tests.

> 

> The first thing you should notice is that the anomaly seems to make a distinction between what IS Mr. Rogers and what HAS Mr. Rogers. If something is announced to contain Mr. Rogers in it, on it, by it, or any other indirect relation, it doesn't trigger the anomaly until Mr. Rogers itself appears. However, the relationship between an object and the anomaly changes the moment that the object in some way identifies as Mr. Rogers, willingly or unwillingly.

> 

> So the good news at the very least is that we can relax on some restrictions I've requested as long as we don't directly identify things as Mr. Rogers. Saying the words "Mr. Rogers" doesn't cause the anomaly to activate.

> 

> The bad news, as you hopefully can tell, is that the anomaly's knowledge is not necessarily based on the knowledge of Samantha. Though this should have been obvious since the incident with Hewitt, Tests 3:33-J-97, 98 and 99 all prove it undoubtedly. The anomaly knows more about what is and is not Mr. Rogers than Samantha does, hence the 'metaphorical stink' she's mentioned.

> 

> The worse news is that people can unknowingly trigger the anomaly because of the above two facts, as seen in Test 3:33-J-99. If someone does something that someone *else* identified as being Mr. Rogers, then that's enough to trigger the anomaly, even if the person performing the action doesn't relate it to Mr. Rogers specifically at all.

> 

> While kindness and politeness in a vacuum won't trigger the anomaly, there is a certain brand of kindness and politeness that very much will. As long as accidents keep happening, people need to be aware of how kind they are. They need to be aware of how polite they are. Being 'neighborly' is no longer an option, as long as Samantha could potentially see it. Shining your shoes, wearing a red sweater, anything that someone somewhere has said "Oh yeah, that's Mr. Rogers for sure" could trigger the anomaly.

> 

> I abhor you to reconsider your stance on my protocol suggestions. I don't want to send any more friends to the emergency room.

> 

> ++ From the Desk of Dr. Gerald, Department of Other

> 

> 

> **Message:** These results are certainly more concerning than what I had expected. You are right, the severity of this anomaly is not to be underestimated, and I apologize for treating it like that. 

> 

> However, I had actually wanted to check in on you since you started your marathon of testing with Samantha. You said on average accidents were happening once a week, yes? Have any accidents happened during your tests that I wasn't made aware of?

Researcher Irving's reply was sent approximately five hours later.

> 

> ++ From the Desk of Franz Irving, Department of Other

> 

> 

> **Message:** Are you fucking kidding me.

> 

> The solution was just to shove Mr. Rogers in her face this whole time.

> 

> I need a nap.

**Addendum 7772-05:** In spite of the Department of Other's discovery of proper containment of SCP-7772’s probabilistic anomaly, on March 9th, 2021, the O5 council requested that SCP-7772 be re-transferred to the Department of Humanoid Containment.

> 

> + Anomaly Custody Transfer Request

> 

> 

> 

> ++ From the Desk of O5-7

> 

> 

> **Anomaly In Question:** SCP-3:33-J

> 

> **Reason For Request:** Due to the rampant destruction caused by SCP-3:33-J, and your repeated failures to contain it properly, we have determined the Department of Other to be unfit to contain this anomaly any further. While it was transferred to your department as a gesture of kindness and as a means to siphon funds to anomalies in more dire need, you have single-handedly cost Site-19 hundreds of thousands of dollars in reparations and reconstruction of your department and surrounding levels.

> 

> It should go without saying that a gross mishandling of this caliber is deserving of not just a transferral of the anomaly in question, but reprimanding of the researchers in charge of the project.

> 

> + Anomaly Custody Transfer Response

> 

> 

> 

> ++ From the Desk of Dr. Gerald, Department of Other

> 

> 

> **Request Response:** Denied

> 

> **Reasoning:** The Department of Other has done a more than satisfactory job of containing Ms. Blevvins since her new containment protocols have been formalized. We are of the opinion that we at this point deserve the rights to contain her due to this discovery, and I have a hard time seeing why us solving the problem none of you could solve gives you the right to take her away. 

> 

> If for whatever reason several months down the line the containment procedures stop working, I would understand that request. However, things have been working perfectly fine since. Why are you deciding that now is the perfect time to put in this request and pull the rug out from under us after all our hard work?

> 

> + Anomaly Custody Transfer Request

> 

> 

> 

> ++ From the Desk of O5-7

> 

> 

> **Anomaly In Question:** SCP-3:33-J

> 

> **Reason For Request:** First of all, I would like to re-iterate that in order for you to get to the point where containment procedures could be formalized, you allowed the anomaly to destroy a load-bearing wall that very nearly toppled an entire wing of the facility. It doesn't matter if you've figured out how to stop it if that's your baseline for acceptable practices to determine any aspect of an anomaly.

> 

> But furthermore, according to your file, Researcher Irving suggested that kindness and politeness could potentially set off the anomaly in spite of your procedures. Because of this, we believe that returning SCP-3:33-J to the custody of Researcher Jackson would help alleviate this concern, as Researcher Jackson is reportedly "a massive dickbag that makes everyone around him miserable".

> 

> At the very least, you must wish for a kinder work environment for your department, no?

> 

> + Anomaly Custody Transfer Response

> 

> 

> 

> ++ From the Desk of Dr. Gerald, Department of Other

> 

> 

> **Request Response:** Accepted.

> 

> **Terms:** The Department of Other will transfer over containment of SCP-3:33-J back to the Department of Humanoid Containment, and grant it its initial designation of SCP-7772. As it was formally under their care, little must be done for the adjustment period aside from informing researchers of the new containment procedures and containment chamber protocols.

> 

> Researcher Jackson is to be reinstated as SCP-7772’s primary researcher. He and all associated researchers are to be offered a large raise to compensate for the eventual poor work environment that will come about as Researcher Jackson is informed of the news.

<< [SCP-7771](SCP-7771) | SCP-7772 | [SCP-7773](SCP-7773) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
