**Item #:** SCP-7568

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7568 is to be kept in an underground humanoid containment cell thirty meters below Site 250. No living creatures are to come within twenty meters of SCP-7568. 

**Description:** SCP-7568 is the decomposed corpse of a woman of Asian descent. Based on the clothing worn by the entity, SCP-7568 originated in eighth-century Japan. SCP-7568 believes itself to be a living person.

SCP-7568 possesses a cognitohazardous effect that allows it to be observed by others as if it were still alive. Often it appears as a young woman that most observers find aesthetically pleasing. The cognitohazardous effect grows stronger the longer a living creature is within proximity of SCP-7568. 

SCP-7568's cognitohazard properties also allow it to compel affected subjects to follow the desires of SCP-7568 within 20 meters. These subjects are classified as SCP-7568-1 instances. If an SCP-7568-1 instance is continuously within twenty meters of SCP-7568 for more than one month, the proximity will result in the subject's termination due to a weakening of a subject's immune system while around SCP-7568.

The cognitohazard is believed to be ignored by those whose bodies produce a low amount of Dopamine and Norepinephrine. Research on this property is ongoing.

**Discovery:** SCP-7568 was brought to the Foundation's attention after a series of odd disappearances involving MTF Shi-2. Several members were seen leaving Site 250 to meet with an unknown womanThe woman was later classified as SCP-7568..

On 06/30/2032, Agent Terry Metroid was captured on camera escorting Hyuse, the child adopted by [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6932 SCP-6932]SCP-6932 is an anomalous martial arts instructor that resides within a pocket dimension. It willingly submitted to containment on the condition that the Foundation did not interfere with the child it adopted., out of the site alongside SCP-7568. The trio passed several groups of guards, although none made a move to stop them despite Hyuse's protest.

When they reached the front gate, an Agent attempted to stop the trio but was shot by Agent Metroid before they could act. It is unknown where Hyuse was taken after leaving the site. 

Hyuse reappeared at the gates to Site 250 three days later, though she claimed not to know how she got there. She was promptly taken for interrogation.

**Addendum 7568-1:** 

<details>
<summary>Open Interview 7568.1</summary>

**Interviewed:** Shiko Hyuse 

**Interviewer:** Researcher Erickson

**Foreword:** As the incident was related to SCP-6932, there was suspicion that it involved the group of interest 'The YokaiAn antiquated Japanese term for spirits, demons, or other supernatural entities. Hunters.' Researcher EricksonErickson is the lead researcher on the group. was pulled from his duties to conduct the interview.

**<Begin Log>**

**Erickson:** So, Shiko? That's your name, right?

**Hyuse:** Yeah! How'd you know? I haven't seen you around before.

**Erickson:** *<Chuckles.>* I was recently assigned to research cases like your father. I even had several lessons with him before starting this post. 

*<Hyuse stares at Erickson.>*

**Hyuse:** You don't look familiar, and I know all of Dad's students. 

**Erickson:** I assure you, I did train with him. But we have something more important to talk about. Can you tell me what happened while you were away from the site?

**Hyuse:** You mean when that weirdo had me?

**Erickson:** Yeah. Tell me about it?

**Hyuse:** It was a zombie or something. Like, it was all gross and rotting. I could see its bones and stuff, but no one else seemed to notice.

**Erickson:** Really? Our video feed from the day shows a pretty Asian woman.

*<Hyuse pouts>*

**Hyuse:** It wasn't pretty! It was gross and rotting, but no one else could see it!

**Erickson:** Why do you think that is?

**Hyuse:** I dunno. I think that's its anomaly. That is what you call them, right? 

*<Erickson doesn't answer.>*

**Erickson:** Do you know what it wanted with you?

**Hyuse:** It had me reading all kinds of stuff. Some of it was weird, like the stuff Dad gets sometimes. 

**Erickson:** What was it about? Do you remember?

**Hyuse:** Something about a 'magick' called 'Absolution.' There wasn't much about it, but I think that thing's searching for it. 

**Erickson:** Did you figure out anything else while you were there?

*<Hyuse stays silent.>*

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:** Research into 'Absolution' is considered a top priority, and security around the entrance to SCP-6932's pocket dimension has been increased.

</details>

After the interview, SCP-6932 was seen to increase its watch over Hyuse. It would not allow Foundation staff near the child and has banned all but Agent Halo from entering for the foreseeable future.

**Addendum 7568-2:** On 07/05/2032, Hyuse was taken from Site 250 after three members of MTF Shi-2 were seen dragging the child out. Hyuse was handed off to SCP-7568, and the three members did not reenter the building. Due to the previous incident, Hyuse was outfitted with a GPS tracker.

The device was fully functional. After twenty-two hours, the signal stopped at a location in Kristiansund, Norway. MTF Shi-2 was sent to apprehend SCP-7568, gaining permission from SCP-6932 to use its pocket dimension for transport. 

When the team raided the building at the last known coordinates, they found nothing besides a GPS tracker. There were no signs of Hyuse, and none of the town's inhabitants knew of a child matching Hyuse's description. Hyuse was labeled as MIA.

**Addendum 7568-3:** At 03:21 on 07/12/2032, Foundation Agents planted in the Metropolitan Police Service in London, England, reported a child inquiring about the Foundation and asking for Agent Halo specifically. The Agents reported the child to be coated in dirt and blood and harboring several serious injuries. The child was carrying a book and refused attempts by the Agents to get the child medical attention despite it being available on the scene. The Agents were eventually able to persuade the child into accepting the offer. 

The child was reportedly anxious until Agent Halo arrivedHyuse refused to go with any other Agents, later stating she didn't trust them.. Agent Halo identified the child as Shiko Hyuse and took her into his custody. Once she returned to Site 250, the book she was carrying was examined, and Researcher Erickson interviewed her.

<details>
<summary>Open Interview 7568.2</summary>

**Interviewed:** Shiko Hyuse

**Interviewer:** Researcher Erickson

**Foreword:** Hyuse displayed signs of anxiety and refused to interview unless Agent Halo or SCP-6932 were present. The request was granted.

**<Begin Log>**

**Erickson:** Shiko. It's been a while since we've seen each other.

*<Hyuse does not respond.>*

**Erickson:** Are you willing to tell me what happened? We lost you after Kristiansund.

**Hyuse:** It took me somewhere. It bewitched some people to drive us somewhere.

**Erickson:** Where did you go?

**Hyuse:** Sweden, I think? I don't think it realized I knew where we were going. 

**Erickson:** You knew where you were heading? How?

*<Hyuse is reported to have grown increasingly uncomfortable at this point and refused to answer.>*

**Hyuse:** It had other people there...

**Erickson:** What?

**Hyuse:** The place it took me. It had other people. It... Um...

*<Erickson remains quiet until Hyuse continues.>*

**Hyuse:** It had me reading more stuff. It said something about 'Absolution' being in the hands of something called Yokai Hunters? But that's not important. You probably want to know about the others?

*<Erickson nods, then motions for Hyuse to continue.>*

**Hyuse:** A lot of them looked sick. I think it was from being around it for a long time. But like, they obeyed it without question. They were like slaves and couldn't comprehend why I didn't like it. It had a journal or something it was writing in. The journal seemed important to it; it wouldn't even let its slaves touch it.

**Hyuse:** Eventually, I finished what it had me reading, and it grabbed me with its gross hands. It tried to give me to its slaves to deal with, but I didn't want to go. So I took my chance to escape. I grabbed its journal on the way out. 

**Erickson:** How'd you manage that? Undoubtedly one of them would have caught you if there had been that many people?

**Hyuse:** I'm not helpless! You do remember who my father is? I've lived in a world of martial arts and secret agents my whole life.

**Erickson:** Right... Sorry. How'd you get to London then? That's quite the distance.

**Hyuse:** What part did you not understand? I've lived around Foundation Agents. There's no way I wouldn't have picked stuff up.

*<Erickson does not respond.>*

**Hyuse:** Is there anything else?

**Erickson:** No, that's all for today.

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:** Hyuse immediately left the room and returned to SCP-6932's pocket dimension, taking the journal with her. SCP-6932 would not allow anyone to enter for several days.

</details>

MTF Shi-2 was sent to the location indicated by Hyuse. While SCP-7568 was not present, they located twenty males ranging from twenty to forty-seven years of age. Many were extremely confused once removed from the property and did not understand that they were ill. They grew combative once informed they could no longer stay around SCP-7568.

**Addendum 7568-4:** The journal recovered by Hyuse was translated on 07/15/2032. Hyuse translated the journal within a day. Researcher Erickson was able to confirm that the translations were accurate.

<details>
<summary>Open Journal 7568.1</summary>

> My dear, you've been away so long. I miss you dearly. I know you'll come back to me soon, but it pains me so much for you to be away. Perhaps you'll take me to that lake we once enjoyed, or we'll go on a trip. It doesn't matter, so long as we can be together.

> Why have you been so distant? Every time you're home, you leave almost immediately. Do you hate me? Am I no longer pleasing to you? Did the whores get to you? 

> 

> You stopped being honest with me a long time ago. If you can't trust me, then what am I to do? I will not sit here like a good housewife while you go off every day without telling me where. Well, I'm going to find out. When you leave next, I'll trail you and figure out where you're going. 

> My head hurt when I woke. It was late, and you were nowhere to be found. I returned home to find it empty except for my journal. Why did you leave this? I know you cheated on me, but surely I meant something to you? 

> 

> I got some weird looks from someone. I hated it. It was like I was dead. But that's impossible, for the dead can never walk among us. A group of drunks approached me. They stank of cheap sake and wouldn't stop hitting on me. At least they knew the worth of a woman. 

> Everywhere I look, I see you. You and that whore who stole you from me. I can't stand it. If I can't have you, then why should anyone else? You were my everything, and you stole that from me. No one else deserves to feel that happiness. 

> 

> I will purge this world of such betrayal. But I am but one person. Perhaps I can find some magick that can help? I hear the Hunters have a great deal.

> Those damned Hunters! I tried approaching, and they attempted to take my life! Damn, men! I'll have to find a way inside. Surely they have something to be able to help me?

> I convinced two of them to let me in. They were nearly falling over themselves to help me. No one stopped me this time. I got to look through their records and came across a magick called 'Absolution.' 

> 

> It's a shame I was interrupted then. That damned Yokai kicked me out. I should have stabbed him where he stood, interrupting me like that. At least those two followed me out. They even came back with me. I should be able to use them to get more information. 

> That Yokai kicked my spies from the Hunters. Damn it all! They've started growing ill, though that doesn't matter much. I need to stay focused. 

> 

> I told them to bring me someone else I could use. They happily obliged, and I was given a new plaything. This one was just as happy to dance for me. I asked him to bring information on Absolution back to me. 

> Absolution is just what I need! However, I have new problems now. My playthings have died. The Hunters have broken apart. I can't even get near the building now; I just end up somewhere else. I'll have to get my information elsewhere. 

> For so long, I've searched. I've wandered this land long enough to watch it change. I watched as the people that inhabited it changed with the land. My goals have stayed, though. I'm sure I can find someone in this age to fulfill my goals. 

> 

> It's so easy to make them obey. All I have to do is go up to somebody, and they can't resist my desires. I'm sure I'll get my information soon. Someone has to know how to get into that damned estate. 

> I've heard rumors of an ancient Yokai that can get into the estate. And better yet, it appears he's taking others in as well. All I have to do is convince one of them to bring me what I need. It'll be so simple. 

> Apparently that Yokai's got a kid. If I can just get to it, I'll be able to get what I want. The only problem is the brat is immune to my suggestions. I'll have to get someone else to bring it to me. There are plenty of playthings around that I can play with.

</details>

A second journal was recovered from SCP-7567-2SCP-7567-2 is an anomalous building that houses several hundred anomalous items alongside records of hundreds more. It is only accessible using one of two known keystones. and given to Foundation personnel upon request. 

<details>
<summary>Open Journal 7568.2</summary>

> There's been a Hone OnneThe term for a yokai which appears to match the description of SCP-7568. around my men recently. She's gotten into my documents, and while that wouldn't normally bother me, there are a few which shouldn't be available to most. The one she found in particular...

> 

> I admit, we don't have much on this 'Absolution,' but what little we do have paints a deadly picture. I'm going to have a few of my scouts take a look into it. Two of Ishiyama's men should be able to figure out precisely what this magick does. 

> We've gotten some information on the Absolution magick. I still need more information, but what I have is not looking good. What I know of it so far is that its magick is strong enough to wipe *something* off the face of this planet. What, I don't know. Maybe I can get Ishiyama to figure this out for me?

> Thanks to Ishiyama's efforts, we've learned exactly what this magick is. 

> 

> Absolution is a magick in which thirty humans are sacrificed over three days in a bloodless manner. At least three people perform the ritual, while at least one chants. The content of the chant is subject to a desire the celebrants have. Specifically, it is limited to the complete removal of something from existence. 

> 

> After thirty humans have been sacrificed, two of the celebrants must be sacrificed. How? Doesn't matter. Once completed, the remaining celebrant must state their desire and draw three drops of blood. The celebrant will fall unconscious for twenty-seven hours if the ritual has been appropriately completed. Upon waking, the wish will be fulfilled.

> 

> This is too dangerous to be left out like this. I'm going to hide this information in the now dead language of my people and then burn the original. No living soul should have access to this.

</details>

As Hyuse was capable of reading the secondary journal despite the unknown language, Researcher Erickson put in a request for Hyuse to assist in translation. The proposal was approved. 

**Addendum 7568-5:** On 07/20/2032, Site 250 was attacked by a previously unknown force. It is speculated that the force originated from SCP-7568 as many of the members were Foundation staff. 

MTF Shi-2 was on-site during the first attacks, as several members were negotiating with SCP-6932 over the protection of Hyuse. Once the team was alerted to the attack, they set into action. Several members guarded the entrance to SCP-6932's pocket dimension while the remaining members found and protected the rest of the site's staff. All members were accounted for within the pocket dimension within ten minutes except Hyuse and Researcher Erickson, as they were not on-site at the time.

Several of the attacking forces attempted to enter but were denied entry. MTF Shi-2 used the time to devise a plan to retake the base with minimal casualties. It was decided that the team would split up. 

Three members of MTF Shi-2, including Commander Bill Anders, left the pocket dimension with the intention of scouting the area. 

<details>
<summary>Open Video Log 7568.1</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 07/20/2032

**NOTE:** The video is from Commander Anders. 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**14:08:** *<The team begins to make their way through the base. They come across three separate SCP-7568-1s. The instances are simple to incapacitate as they did not attempt to defend themselves. Anders orders the remaining team members to lock the instances in a containment cell.>*

**14:12:** *<Anders reaches the front door, which has been left ajar. Outside stands SCP-7568 along with twenty SCP-7568-1 instances. Erickson is seen within the group holding a pistol to Hyuse's head.>*

**14:13:** **SCP-7568:** If the brat moves, kill her. I would play with it more, but it's a troublesome toy.

**14:13:** *<Anders turns back to the rest of the team before stumbling. He curses softly.>*

**14:14:** **Anders:** We need to get Shiko out of there. As far as we're aware, she's the only one not affected by that skip. We need someone immune if we're going to get out of this. 

**14:14:** **Fenris:** And how would you suggest that? I'm sure you can feel the effects of that thing just like we can. 

**14:14:** *<Anders remains quiet for thirty seconds.>*

**14:15:** **Anders:** With the skip being undead, I doubt our bullets will do anything. Tethras, do you think you could disable Erickson without killing him? He's the only researcher we've got, and we all know how much of a pain it is to get a new one.

**14:15:** **Tethras:** You mean without hurting Hyuse too? Probably, but I'll need a minute to get set up. *<Tethras runs off.>*

**14:16:** **Anders:** Alright. Once he's ready, we'll strike. Everyone besides Erickson and Hyuse is expendable. 

**14:18:***<Tethras reports in, stating that he is in position. Anders signals the start of the operation. A gunshot is heard, and Erickson is seen dropping the gun as he curses. Erickson looks around before attempting to flee. He is caught by SCP-7568. Hyuse takes the opportunity to break free as a firefight breaks out.>*

**14:19:** *<A grunt is heard from Fenris. The remaining few SCP-7568-1 instances are terminated, with the exception of researcher Erickson. SCP-7568 appears furious. Hyuse is seen running into the building.>*

**14:19** *<Anders and Fenris are blocking the doorway. Footsteps are heard nearby as Tethras announces himself. Tethras is heard attempting to console Hyuse.>*

**14:24:** *<The group heads back to SCP-6932. Hyuse visibly relaxes once inside.>*

**14:28:** *<Fenris begins to receive medical attention for the wound received during the firefight.>*

**14:29:** **Tethras:** After we took out those instances, the ones in the building grew violent. We're going to have a much harder time retaking this building now. Besides, I'm sure you felt it too. That skip's effect is pretty potent. 

**14:29:** **Anders:** I know. I don't think we'll be able to make it through another excursion. Just being near that thing was making it hard to think straight. 

**14:30:** *<The group is silent.>*

**14:31:** **Anders:** Hey, kid. *<Hyuse turns to Anders.>* You know your way around this place?

**14:32:** **Hyuse:** Yeah. Halo showed me around, and I'm allowed to go where I want as long as I'm not in anyone's way.

**14:32:** **Anders:** Think you could make your way to the control room? *<Hyuse nods.>* Alright. We'll walk you through setting off the containment protocol for a wide-scale breach when you get there. It'll block off all the hallways and make it easier to deal with everything out there. Fenris, give the kid your mic and camera. 

---

[END LOG]

</details>

<details>
<summary>Open Video Log 7568.2</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 07/20/2032

**NOTE:** Although the use of Foundation equipment by other parties is against Foundation policy, its use was allowed in this circumstance. The video starts as Hyuse enters the control room. By this point, she had already dodged several patrols consisting of SCP-7568-1 instances.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**15:02:** **Hyuse:** Alright. I'm here. *<Hyuse approaches a panel with a multitude of buttons. There are three large screens with security footage above the panel. A mouse is positioned to the right of the panel.>*

**15:03:** **Anders:** Okay. Do you see something that looks like a red button under a case?

**15:03:** **Hyuse:** Yeah? 

**15:04:** **Anders:** Don't touch that. That's the button for the nuke under the base. You're looking for a nearby square button labeled with something like 'doors.'

**15:05:** **Hyuse:** Blast doors?

**15:05:** **Anders:** Yeah, that's the one. Hit it, and it should seal off the facility. You'll be trapped in that room for a while, but you'll be safe. 

**15:06:** *<The facility seals itself as a knock comes from the door behind Hyuse. Hyuse jumps and turns to watch the security feed.>*

**15:06:** **Anders:** Alright. I'm going to send a squad out for a few minutes to start clearing the area. To get around all the blast doors, we're going to have Sensei here get us where we need to be. Keep an eye on the camera and tell us where we need to go. Now, where's the first group?

**15:07:** **Hyuse:** There's like four of them in the hall beside the cafeteria.

**15:07:** *<The security feed shows a pair of MTFs appearing in the specified hallway. They terminate the SCP-7568-1 instances before disappearing. Hyuse calls out another location before the same scene replays. This continues until all visible instances have been terminated.>*

**15:27:** **Hyuse:** Alright, I think that's all of them.

**15:28:** **Anders:** You need to now release the security override for the doors. You're looking for a button labeled 'End Override.' Once you hit it, it'll request a code. It's [DATA REDACTED].

**15:30:** *<The facility is reopened. Hyuse is instructed to wait where she is.>*

---

[END LOG]

</details>

<details>
<summary>Open Video Log 7568.3</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 07/20/2032

**NOTE:** The recording is from MTF Shi-2 member Alex Hawke as the team attempts to contain SCP-7568. 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**16:00:** *<Hawke is proceeding through the hallways, and two sets of footsteps are following her. SCP-7568 can be heard taunting the group from a distance.>*

**16:03:** *<The group stops once it has sight of SCP-7568. Erickson is still beside it, covered in blood. SCP-7568 is seen caressing Erickson's cheek; Erickson attempts to move and appears distressed. He turns towards Hawke. Hawke draws her pistol, leveling it at Erickson. He remains still before weakly nodding his head. She whispers an apology before shooting him in the head, terminating him. SCP-7568 recoils and then turns to the group. She screams before charging them.>*

**16:04:** **Hawke:** You were right, Sir! Heading your way now!

**16:04:** *<The group rushes through the facility. SCP-7568 can be heard approaching the group.>*

**16:05:** *<Hawke approaches the door to the currently unfinished lower level of the facility. Anders is standing beside it and pulls it open as Hawke approaches.>*

**16:05:** *<Hawke dives to the side at the last moment, causing SCP-7568 to enter the stairway. Tethras is seen kicking the entity down the stairs. Loud thuds are heard as it tumbles down the partially finished stairway. Thirty seconds pass before the sounds stop.>*

**16:06:** **Anders:** Shiko, now!

**16:06:** *<The sound of the blast doors closing at the bottom and top of the stairway is heard. SCP-7568 screams but is unable to ascend the stairs. Several loud bangs are heard before SCP-7568 grows silent.>*

**16:07:** **Anders:** You can come back now, Shiko. It's safe.

**16:07:** **Hawke:** Now we just need someone to get us a cell for this thing. You sure it's far enough away to be safe?

**16:08:** **Anders:** No. but it's definitely better than nothing. That's why we gave Shiko sole access to those doors. If one of us does become affected, we won't be able to free it. It'll give us time.

**16:08:** **Anders:** Go ahead and get everybody back to work. We need to get this place cleaned up and contact Site 79. They're the closest site and should be able to help us. I would contact command directly, but as Erickson was the only Researcher here, we don't have access to his files. 

---

[END LOG]

</details>

A containment cell for SCP-7568 was constructed below the site within a week. Efforts to replace Researcher Erickson are ongoing.

<< [SCP-7567](SCP-7567) | SCP-7568 | [SCP-7569](SCP-7569) >>
