=====

=====

**Special Containment Procedures:** The door leading to SCP-7253 has been removed and replaced with a brick wall. Instances of SCP-7253-B are to be incinerated following their identification. Further research into the anomaly is forbidden per order of the Overwatch Council.

**Description:** SCP-7253 refers to an unmarked hallway in the Attica Correctional Facility, New York. The hallway contains 16 cells, 5 of whom show signs of past habitation, and a single interrogation room.Designated SCP-7253-A1 through -A6 All cells contain a bed with a mattress, a sink and a porcelain toilet. Personnel entering one of the 5 cells or the interrogation room report a multitude of psychological and physical effects with no clear source. All effects cease after exiting the cells.

SCP-7253 has a secondary anti-amnestic effect, preventing personnel who have perceived the contents of the cells or the interrogation room from forgetting them.

**Discovery:** SCP-7253 was discovered on 07/03/2023 during a renovation of the offices space belonging to the Attica Correctional Facility's administration. The entrance was found between a collection of steel cabinets in the office of the prison's current warden. At the time, SCP-7253 was isolated by a reinforced steel door with a brass plaque bearing the logo of the SCP Foundation, in addition to an unknown label Only the words "Department of" have been recognized. An exploration of SCP-7253 was conducted the following day.

SCP-7253-B was discovered 2 months later during repairs of a burst pipe near the northern wall of the ACF.

---

**ADDENDUM 1.7253: DESCRIPTION OF -A INSTANCES**

---

> **Anomaly Designation:** SCP-7253-A1

> 

> 

> **Anomaly Contents:** The cell appears to be recently cleaned, with no signs of dust or decay present. Folded sheets lay on top of the bed, while a top hat rests in the sink. No identifiable traces of DNA have been found. A yellow scrap of paper is floating in the toilet. Illegible writing can be seen scrawled across it.

>  

> 

> **Notes:** The room contains a mild antimemetic effect, making personnel exiting forget about its contents. This effect does not carry over to written text. Notes written down by exploring agents suggest a feeling of dread upon entering.

> **Anomaly Designation:** SCP-7253-A2

> 

> 

> **Anomaly Contents:** The bed in the room is overturned and the toilet is cracked. The words "FUCK THIS FARCE" are carved into the wall. Considerable signs of decay are present across the room.

> 

> 

> **Notes:** Personnel entering report feelings of anger, prior to developing hatred towards the SCP Foundation, going as far as to vandalize any insignia on their body.

> **Anomaly Designation:** SCP-7253-A3

> 

> 

> **Anomaly Contents:** The cell contains multiple thaumaturgic runes associated with rituals involving empathy and telepathy, carved under the bed and sink. A book containing an unknown language, written using the Latin script, lays on tops of the bed.

> 

> 

> **Notes:** Personnel entering report feelings of melancholy. They then begin to develop a negative opinion of the SCP Foundation in a way similiar to A2, while being able to provide arguments for their opinions.

> **Anomaly Designation:** SCP-7253-A4

> 

> 

> **Anomaly Contents:** A red rug with a spiral symbol is present in the center of the room. The smell of rotting flesh is present across the cell, with no identifiable source. A notebook filled with writing in an unknown script lays next to the rug

> 

> 

> **Notes:** Personnel entering report feelings of body dysmorphia. In addition, the effected person will develop a belief in dystheism.The theological position that a deity is not wholly good and could be considered evil.

> **Anomaly Designation:** SCP-7253-A5

> 

> 

> **Anomaly Contents:** The cell contains a passport of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, dated to expire in June of 1972. A white pill was found tucked under the matress, containing potassium cyanide.

> 

> 

> **Notes:** Personnel entering the cell report the feeling of missing one's homeland, in addition to an intense fear of death.

> **Anomaly Designation:** SCP-7253-A6

> 

> 

> **Anomaly Contents:** The room contains a table, two chairs and a pair of handcuffs. Remnants of an unidentified dried substance are visible on and around one of the chairs. A box, containing a variety of industrial tools, knives and a first aid kit rests in the far left corner of the room.

> 

> 

> **Notes:** Personnel entering report feelings of discomfort, slowly intensifying as they remain in the room.  Extended stays in the room lead to physical sensations associated with being struck, choked and cut. While the physical sensations cease immediately after leaving the room, the feelings of discomfort may linger up to multiple days afterwards. Personnel staying for over an hour in the interrogation room have shown symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder.

---

**ADDENDUM 2.7253: DESCRIPTION OF -B INSTANCES**

---

SCP-7253-B refers to 5 highly damaged human cadavers recovered from the ground near the northern wall of the ACF. All instances were found in a highly decomposed state at the time of discovery, though signs of pre-mortem injuries were discovered in all corpses Including broken bones,  missing fingers and crushed ribs. All instances were found to bear a minor anomalous effect causing any person observing them to feel an intense sense of empathy, regardless of prior context. The identity of the corpses is yet to be determined.

<< [SCP-7252](SCP-7252) | SCP-7253 | [SCP-7254](SCP-7254) >>

=====

> **Filename:** PRISON.PNG

> **Name:** HK Victoria Prison Hall D Female Section

> **Author:** VictoriaOP~commonswiki

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:HK_Victoria_Prison_Hall_D_Female_Section.JPG

=====
