=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-7857

**Object Class:** Ticonderoga  

**Special Containment Procedures:** No Foundation involvement is required to contain the spread of SCP-7857. Any attempts to do so have been found to be nigh impossible.

**Description:** SCP-7857 is a phenomenon affecting roughly one in ten "puppy mills" worldwide. SCP-7857 events are classified by the following:

- A sharp decline in canine pregnancies and birth rates.

- A marked increase in the reported population of the mill.

- Increased adoption rates of mill puppies.

All attempts to interfere with an active SCP-7857 phenomenon have been unsuccessful. 

Canine-like entities that appear during an SCP-7857 phenomenon have been categorized as SCP-7857-α. These may vary in appearance, but typically hold some resemblance to the species of the dogs being bred at the puppy mill they appear in.

**Addendum 7857:** Investigation Into "Man's Best Friend Breeders".

**PREFACE:** The following video transcript follows Agent E. Lynch. The anomaly was discovered due to an intercepted 911 call for the mill. Agent Lynch was sent on behalf of the Rapid Response Department. It was the first and final attempt to interfere in an SCP-7857 event.

**DATE:** October 29th, 2007.

---

[FOOTAGE BEGINS]

*(Agent Lynch enters the Mill. The lights are out, and barely anything is visible in the entrance, bar for a wooden door.)*

**LYNCH:** Is anyone there? 

*(Silence.)*

**LYNCH:** I am here to help you. Is anyone there?

*(Silence for a moment. Lynch steps forward, the wooden floor creaking loudly beneath him. He reaches for the handle of the door and pushes it open, his pistol aimed at the other side. It is still dark.)*

**LYNCH:** Christ. I can't see shit in here.

*(Agent Lynch flicks on the flashlight attached to his pistol. He turns around the storage room, examining the walls of empty cages before him. The floor appears to be wet in certain spots.)*

*(He continues forward, aiming his flashlight to the cages. None of them are closed, and there is nothing inside of any of them.)*

*(He stops, pointing his flashlight at Borzoi and Boston Terrier puppies, whimpering and huddling together. Lynch does not approach them, instead heading towards a door that was labeled as an office. He walks through.)*

*(As the door opens, a crowd of dogs can be seen. It consists of a variety of ages and breeds, all of them exhibiting normal behavior for their age and breed.)*

**LYNCH:** Well. I guess that's where they went.

*(He takes another moment to look at the crowd, before exiting the office and continuing deeper into the puppy mill. There is no sign of life other than the dogs.)*

 

**LYNCH:** Hm.

*(There is a small, canine-like entity on the ground. It resembles a fully grown Boston Terrier. Agent Lynch stops walking, and stares down at it.)*

*(The entity stares at Agent Lynch.)*

**LYNCH:** ... What are you?

*(It opens its jaw, and no noise comes out.)*

**LYNCH:** *(Heavier breathing.)* 

*(Agent Lynch radios for a Rapid Response team and signals his evacuation. He can be seen running in the opposite direction.)*

[FOOTAGE ENDS]

<< [SCP-7856](SCP-7856) | [SCP-7857](SCP-7857) | [SCP-7858](SCP-7858) >>
