**Item #:** SCP-7409

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7409 is to remain in its location of discovery. Due to the remoteness of this location, further containment is unnecessary.

**Description:** SCP-7409 is a single white lily *(lilium candidum)*.

SCP-7409 bears visual resemblance to domesticated *lilium candidum* found on Earth; however, the object is located approximately 700 million light years from Earth. This location is notable for being at the approximate center of the Boötes Void A region of space containing very few galaxies, approximately 330 million light years in diameter. Colloquially referred to as the Great Nothing. .

SCP-7409 was discovered during a routine patrol of its surrounding area by unmanned Foundation drone *Phoenix*. Once *Phoenix* encountered SCP-7409, it switched itself to manual control mode and awaited further instructions from ground control. Upon seeing the object, ground control noted a desire to "leave it alone", which they identified as a minor compulsion effect. Despite this, the team instructed *Phoenix* to attempt to retrieve a sample of SCP-7409.

When the drone came within 1 kilometer from SCP-7409, its propulsion jets abruptly lost power. *Phoenix*'s momentum was still able to carry it to the object. However, the drone was unable to collect it or retrieve samples from it; indeed, SCP-7409 appeared to have been "anchored" to its location by an undetectable force. *Phoenix*'s jets returned to normal functionality after photos of the object were taken, and ground control directed it back towards its routine patrol.

The area surrounding SCP-7409 contains several large clouds of small particles, later identified as *lilium candidum* pollen. The volume of these clouds is consistent with 16.2 billion years of pollen production.

<< [SCP-7408](SCP-7408) | SCP-7409 | [SCP-7410](SCP-7410) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Lilium candidum, Tunisia - 20110517.jpg

> **Author:** Habib M'henni

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lilium_candidum,_Tunisia_-_20110517.jpg

=====
