**Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-7910 is to be kept within a standard humanoid containment cell. The walls of the containment cell are to be lined with foam padding to deter self injury.

Due to the observed correlation between SCP-7910's emotional state and anomalous properties, SCP-7910 should be continually monitored by camera and microphone and at least one researcher should be present at all times. SCP-7910's behavior should be logged every 15 minutes and any major changes or concerns should be reported to the appropriate staff member.  A senior researcher, ranking security officer, or Lead Researcher Yu, depending on severity.  Verbal explanations of procedures are to be given to the entity as they're performed. Any form of restraint should only be used with authorization from a senior researcher.

Under the crisis plan implemented by Doctor Porter, SCP-7910 should be examined at least every 24 hours for self-inflicted injury. The entity's nails should be cut every three days. A standing authorization is in place for use of double-padded restraint mitts at the discretion of supervising staff. Up-to-date details of the crisis plan may be obtained from Doctor Porter.  Standard safety precautions for SCP objects may vary from site to site in detail but never in intent. Speak to an on-site psychologist or your site's ethics committee representative if you have questions or concerns about behavioral and mental health care for humanoids in containment. 

If an energy release cannot be avoided, personnel should take cover behind walls or solid objects. When moving SCP-7910 to or from its cell, staff should always be aware of what can be used as cover. Commonly used routes with marked areas, including to and from the secure medical wing, can be obtained by speaking to lead researcher Yu or the site security chief.  Level 3 clearance and a formal, written request are required for any non-Site-93 personnel, in accordance with Foundation security protocols regarding site security procedures. 

The containment cell must be inspected for any visible damage at the first available opportunity after an energy release from the entity. Pressure sensors should be installed within the walls of the containment cell. A full inspection of structural integrity must be performed if more than 3 pressure sensors register a change in atmospheric pressure greater than or equal to 5 psi.

**Description:**

SCP-7910, former legal name Delilah ███████ SCP-7910 was previously working as a free-lance journalist and has written several articles for notable publications. Identifying information has been redacted per Foundation infosec protocols. An unredacted version of this documentation requires level 3 clearance and a written request to Doctor Yu to access., is a female human measuring 173 cm 5'8" in height and weighing 57 kg 125 lbs . Birth date is 3/10/████ (27 years old at time of acquisition). The entity's overall skin pigmentation is light, but blood vessels with black coloration are visible from mid-upper-arm to the entity's wrists in spiderweb patterns. This is constant in the aforementioned areas, but coloration may spread to SCP-7910's hands, neck, torso, and may appear in other places, correlating with its anomaly as described below. The coloration affects the blood vessels, but not the blood itself; blood drawn from affected vessels is normal in appearance and shows no differences in lab testing.

The entity is able to project kinetic waves similar to shock waves created by explosive detonations. No source of this energy has been identified.  SCP-7910's clothing and any objects it is holding are unaffected. Average overpressures  The pressure created by an explosive shock wave, measured in pounds per square inch (psi). Structural damage can be caused by overpressure as little as 2-3 psi. Lung damage begins to occur at 15 psi.   of 20-30 psi have been recorded by sensors within the containment cell. Despite the high force of these shock waves, no structural damage to SCP-7910's cell has been observed. The pressure appears to dissipate when contacting surfaces rather than transferring energy through them, resulting in objects being thrown and potentially fragile materials being broken, but without the catastrophic damage the overpressure would normally cause. 

A resistance to physical harm has been observed, though with no consistent pattern. The mechanism has yet to be directly observed, but when triggered, patterns of dark blood vessels appear at sites of injury in place of bruises or scrapes. Needles and injections used during medical exams and the entity's self-harm have not been observed to trigger this.

SCP-7910 also displays extrasensory perception. Further testing is needed to determine the precise nature and limitations. Comparison of the containment team's movements with notes taken by SCP-7910 before retrieval, show that it was able to identify all four members of the primary containment team and their rough locations without line of sight and through crowded public areas. Additionally, it recorded that it "had a feeling" that it was being watched, estimated to have begun within 2 hours of when the containment team began their monitoring.

Intense pain, myoclonic muscle spasms in its hands and arms, dizziness, and vertigo have also been observed. The severity of these symptoms correlates with both its emotional state and intensity of anomalous properties.

No conscious control has been observed over any of the anomalous properties. They have a strong correlation with SCP-7910's emotional state, becoming more frequent as the entity experiences anxiety or distress. Several mental health issues have been diagnosed Panic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, social anxiety disorder, avoidant personality disorder, attention deficit hyperactive disorder. SCP-7910 has been admitted to inpatient psychiatric care several times, has not had consistent treatment outside of inpatient settings. . EEG tests display patterns consistent with epilepsy and the entity may experience tonic-clonic seizures immediately before or following an energy release. The shock waves projected by the entity make treatment these seizures potentially difficult. Uncontrolled seizures may then lead to further shock waves, breaches of containment, and/or permanent brain damage or death.

Because of the comorbidity of SCP-7910's mental health issues and epilepsy with its anomalous properties, care should be taken to avoid triggering any issues as much as possible. SCP-7910 has shown significant distress since entering containment and has presented with panic attacks, heightened anxiety, disassociation, hyper vigilance, lack of appetite, and a multitude of other psychiatric symptoms. The scratches visible on SCP-7910's arms are self-inflicted; any new injuries should be reported to research staff immediately. Therapy sessions are to be conducted four times a week by Doctor Porter. Further socialization efforts are currently being discussed.

**Discovery:**

The Foundation was alerted to SCP-7910's existence by Agent Mercer, currently undercover in Denver, Colorado as a photographer employed by a major news publication. SCP-7910 was a non-anomalous asset of both Agent Mercer and his partner, Agent Grey. Agent Mercer invited SCP-7910 to have coffee on 02/11/████. He reported that SCP-7910 appeared agitated, was reluctant to share why, but eventually confided in Agent Mercer about its anomalous properties and showed him the pattern of blood vessels on its arms.

Agent Mercer submitted a report early the next morning.  After careful review, no disciplinary actions will be taken against Agent Mercer for delay of his initial report. Agent Grey reports finding him intoxicated and distraught shortly after submitting it. There is no reason to believe that Agent Mercer acted negligently or that he intentionally delayed reporting. Agent Grey has testified that Agent Mercer and SCP-7910 were very close friends and have known each other for several years. Both agents have been given two weeks of paid leave and are required to attend four individual and two couple's therapy sessions to assist in adequately processing these events before returning to duty.  A containment team began monitoring SCP-7910 approximately 7 hours after the report was submitted. Agent Grey was unaware of the meeting until the report was filed, but provided supplementary information about SCP-7910 to the containment team. SCP-7910 was not aware of the Foundation's existence before retrieval and remains unaware that either agent is employed by the Foundation.

On the afternoon of 13/11/████, the containment team approached SCP-7910 at its apartment. The entity expressed concern about unintentionally harming them. The containment team was able to convince SCP-7910 that they wanted and were equipped to help, providing a basic explanation of the Foundation. The entity voluntarily accompanied the team back to Site-93 where an intake interview and examination was conducted by Doctor Yu. No anomalous events were reported during retrieval and no use of amnestic treatment was required.

**Preliminary Psychiatric Evaluation:**

**Interview for initial psychiatric evaluation of SCP-7910, 16/11/████**

---

*Doctor Porter enters SCP-7910's cell and takes a seat at the table across from where SCP-7910 is sitting.*

**Dr. Porter:** Good afternoon, Delilah. I'm-

**SCP-7910:** It's Seven-nine-ten now, isn't it?

**Dr. Porter:** Officially yes, but that doesn't erase who you are. It's just a designation.

**SCP-7910:** They're both made up. A rose by any other name. Does it really matter?

*Doctor Porter hesitates.*

**Dr. Porter:** I'm happy to use whatever makes you most comfortable.

**SCP-7910:** Seven-nine-ten.

**Dr. Porter:** Okay, Seven-nine-ten, then. it's lovely to finally meet you. I'm Doctor Porter, I'm the psychologist assigned to your case. How have you been settling in?

*SCP-7910 shrugs and looks away.*

**Dr. Porter:** You haven't been eating much. Has the food been okay?

*There's a long pause before SCP-7910 answers.*

**SCP-7910:** It's just the altitudeSite-93 is about 10,000 ft above sea level. At time of interview, symptoms of mild altitude sickness had been recorded in SCP-7910.. We're in Rocky Mountain National Forest Site-93 officially exists as a research station contracted with the Department of the Interior. Though its true purpose is highly classified, its location is not., right? Or at least close?

*Doctor Porter Nods*

**Dr. Porter:** We are, but I'm more concerned about-

**SCP-7910:** Headache, nausea, fatigue, dizziness, on top of- 

*SCP-7910 turns its arm and pulls up its sleeve. Black blood vessels in a spider web pattern are visible at the wrist and continue upward.*

**SCP-7910:** -whatever's wrong with me. It's gonna be a few more days before my head stops spinning.

**Dr. Porter:** Right, of course. That's-that's understandable. What about your anxiety levels? You've had a few panic attacks and... energy releases since arriving, but you haven't reported-

**SCP-7910:** (*Interrupting*) I've answered everything you've asked, filled out all of the forms you've given me. Do you think I'm lying?

**Dr. Porter:** No. I didn't-I'm not accusing you of anything. It's important for us to understand how you feel, and not everything can be quantified.

*SCP-7910 looks away again.*

**SCP-7910:** It's... just... a lot to process. I've learned all the positive coping strategies, interrupting negative thought patterns, that kind of stuff. I'm doing everything I'm supposed to. What do you want me to say?

**Dr. Porter:** It's not about what I want, it's about what you're feeling. You're still scratching your arms.

*SCP-7910 doesn't respond.*

**Dr. Porter:** It's good that you're doing those things. The coping strategies, I mean I know how frustrating it can be to be doing the right things, but not seeing the changes you'd like. But it's still good, it just takes time. What can I do to help?

*SCP-7910 still doesn't respond. There's a long pause before Doctor Porter looks down at the folder in front of her and starts looking through the contents.*

**Dr. Porter:** Maybe... let's try something different. You haven't made many requests. Mostly necessities... a few novels... obviously I can't give you a cellphone or let you check your Instagram, but you aren't a prisoner. You *are* allowed to have things. Maybe there's something that might help?

**SCP-7910:** I asked for, like, an iPad or something, with stuff downloaded on it. Having background noise helps me a lot. I don't know if that works or... 

*SCP-7910 trails off and shrugs.*

**Dr. Porter:** It's certainly possible, though it likely won't be immediate. I'd like at least another few days to see how you're adjusting before introducing something like that 

*Doctor Porter makes a few notes without looking up.* 

**Dr. Porter:** Maybe something else?

**SCP-7910:** Um, okay, um. 

*SCP-7910 rubs the sleeve of its jacket between its thumb and forefinger.* 

**SCP-7910:** Can I... can I go for a walk? It doesn't have to be long, especially since it's freezing, but a little breathing room would help.

**Dr. Porter:** That... hmm... I'll put in the request, but it's likely too much of a risk, at the moment. Maybe we can re-evaluate as we learn more about what triggers your anomaly, but that would be up to Doctor Yu.

**SCP-7910:** (*whispering*) Too dangerous... yeah. I'm sorry.

**Dr. Porter:** There's nothing to apologize for. That's why you're here. What about some plants for your room, in the mean time? Some flowers, maybe, something vibrant. It might help give you something to focus on, too, and a bit more to do. Oh, and we could do some art therapy with decorating the pots, too! There have been numerous studies citing the positive benefits of-

*Doctor Porter stops. SCP-7910 is pale and its right hand is clenched in a muscle spasm.*

**SCP-7910:** No, I-I'd just break them. 

*SCP-7910 pulls its legs onto the chair and wraps its arms around its knees.*

**Dr. Porter:** ...I'm sorry, I-I should have considered that. We have quite a few botanists at Site-93, I'm sure they could suggest more... durable solutions. We have plenty of time, at least.

*Doctor Porter smiles. SCP-7910 still does not look at her.*

**SCP-7910:** ...Can I have my blanket?

**Dr. Porter:** Your- oh, oh yes! You requested that during your intake, the light blue one you brought with you, right? You mentioned it being a comfort object for you.

*SCP-7910 nods.*

**Dr. Porter:** I can absolutely approve that. It may be another day or two for the request to be processed, but I don't see any reason why you shouldn't have it. See? I knew we would find something.

*SCP-7910 shrugs.*

**Dr. Porter:** Is there anything else you'd like to talk about, before I go? I know this has been short, but I'd like to have a full therapy session tomorrow, and we can discuss further care from there. Does that sound okay?

*SCP-7910 shrugs.*

**Dr. Porter:** Excellent. Keep working on coping strategies, focus on what's helping, okay? And if you need anything, or you start feeling worse, please let someone know so we can help. And please try to eat something.

**Initial Psychiatric Evaluation - 16/11/████**

I spoke briefly with SCP-7910 this afternoon and plan to have a full session with her tomorrow. My initial impressions are that she's a young woman dealing with extraordinary circumstances, but she's coping with them as well as anyone in her position could be expected to. Documentation from her past councilors and inpatient hospitalizations show that she's been a model patient. It matches everything we've seen over the past few days. It's clear she's struggling to process so many life changes in such a short time, but she's cooperative, good about communicating her needs, and working to be her best despite the situation.

My biggest concern is making sure that her mental health, especially her anxiety, doesn't get worse. SCP-7910 stated during her intake interview that she scratches her arms because of her anomaly-especially the pain but that still doesn't make it a healthy coping strategy. She reports heightened anxiety in the inventories she's completed, as expected, and seemed a bit withdrawn while we spoke. I don't know if we can avoid those feelings completely, but whatever we can do to build trust and help her work through things will be beneficial to everyone.

I'll have a more complete write up after tomorrow's session, but I think starting off with two sessions per week until she seems less overwhelmed will be good. I recommend holding off on her request for an iPad or other media device, but providing her with the blanket she's requested. I noticed her stimming during our conversation- using specific stimuli to focus thoughts and block out more overwhelming stimuli- by rubbing her fingers against her sleeve. I'm sure the blanket will be better for that. I don't want to add quite as much stimulation as movies or music would create until I'm comfortable that it won't be too overwhelming.

Just to make sure it's noted: She requested to be called 7910 instead of Delilah. I'll cover that our session tomorrow, but it may be a sign that she's starting to see her self as an object, not a person. It's not uncommon for humanoid SCP objects but again, something best to avoid. I also saw she barely ate dinner tonight. I realize we can only do so much to encourage her, but she's borderline underweight already and I'd rather avoid less pleasant options for as long as we can.

**Catherine Porter, PhD

Lead Psychologist - SCP-7910**

**Addendum: Incident Report 17/11/████ - Containment Breach - SCP-7910**

On 17/11/████ at 0211, a containment breach was reported by Lead Researcher Yu. Emergency medical assistance was requested. 

At 0123, SCP-7910 awoke and had difficulty falling back asleep. Doctor Yu was observing and noted heightened anxiety as well as several panic attacks.

At 0211, immediately following a panic attack, SCP-7910 screamed and began scratching its right arm. A shock wave was recorded at 40 psi of overpressure seconds later. Medical assistance was requested as the entity fell from the bed and experienced a tonic-clonic seizure

Four security personnel assisted Doctor Yu in moving SCP-7910 to secure medical lab 237. SCP-7910 does not regain consciousness after the seizure ended. Medical personnel immediately begin administering care upon arriving at the lab.

Doctor Yu and one security officer took cover behind lab counters as the entity has a second seizure. The remaining personnel were incapacitated after colliding with walls and counters after release of a second shock wave.

Doctor Yu ordered the remaining officer to hold SCP-7910's arm and administered a dose of lorazepam Ativan, effective as a first line treatment for seizures. Standard dose is 4mg given slowly over 2 minutes.  intravenously. The seizure ends approx. 50 second later.

The breach was ended at 0228, after SCP-7910 was stabilized and a response team moved in to provide support. The entity was returned to its cell after an additional hour of monitoring by Doctor Yu.

Injured personnel were taken to Site-93's medical center for treatment. Two will need longer term recovery while three are expected to return to duty after 48 hours of rest. They all experienced with blunt force trauma after being thrown by the shock wave, but no primary injuries consistent with explosive force or rapid pressure changes were present.

No structural damage to the medical lab or the containment cell was found.

**Post Incident Medical Evaluation

Patient: SCP-7910

17/11/████, 0346**

---

SCP-7910 initially showed signs of a heightened anxiety and intermittent panic attacks, beginning at 0123 and continuing until 0211. The first seizure occurred immediately following a panic attack and lasted 4 minutes 24 seconds. A second seizure, lasting 2 minute 7 seconds, occurred about three minutes after the first ended. The patient did not regain consciousness between the seizures. Patterns of black coloration in blood vessels were observed spreading across the patient's upper torso, neck, and hands, consistent with previous observations about the patient's anomalous properties.

4mg of intravenous lorazepam was administered during the second seizure and was effective in suppressing it. Patient briefly regained consciousness just over 2 minutes later, then fell asleep almost immediately. Supplementary oxygen and intravenous fluids were given. EEG, pulse, and blood oxygen monitoring were established. Patient was returned to her containment cell after no abnormalities were recorded within 60 minutes after the second seizure ended. EEG monitoring should continue for an additional 24 hours.

Two seizures closely together and without the patient regaining consciousness between them meets the criteria for convulsive status epilepticus. a condition with a high mortality rate. As noted in the Incident Report, the second energy emission also occurred after the onset of the second seizure. The patient responded well to standard first line treatments, but further care, including general anesthetics to suppress a seizure, may be dangerous or impossible in a similar situation.

Autoinjectors w/ 10mg of midazolam  Versed, can be injected intramuscularly to treat uncontrolled seizures. should be made available as an alternative if other treatment can't be provided. From observations tonight, the energy released by SCP-7910 does not travel *through* solid objects. Assisting medical personnel were incapacitated when trying to render care- I was the only one unaffected after taking cover behind a lab counter. All staff working with SCP-7910 in the future should be mindful of this; in an emergency situation it won't negate the difficulties I've mentioned, but providing any care is better than nothing.

Further seizures may be unavoidable but reducing their severity and taking precautions to avoid them is a priority for containment. It's possible that the patient's anxiety and distress may be directly contributing to this, creating a positive feedback loop with her anomalous effects and emotional state. The seizure occurred after a panic attack, one of many experienced over the course of about 50 minutes. Despite the patient's attempts to comfort and distract herself, SCP-7910's anxiety seemed to intensify rather than improve during this episode.

SCP-7910's care plan and containment procedures will be updated as necessary. A full review of SCP-7910's psychiatric history will also be conducted. Further planning for preventative psychiatric treatment will be prepared by Doctor Porter.

**Morgan Yu, MD, PhD

Lead Researcher - SCP-7910

Neurology / Neurobiology**

Addendum: Epileptic patterns confirmed from EEG data.

---

**Date:** 17/11/████, 0837

**From:** Doctor Porter

**To:** SCP-7910 research team

**Subject:** Updated Containment Procedures and Crisis Plan

---

I'm unfortunately not feeling well today and won't be able to attend this morning's meeting. I'll send out more detailed reports tomorrow and meet with all of you as soon as I'm able.

We'll be implementing a crisis plan for SCP-7910 and containment procedures will be updated accordingly.

I concur with Doctor Yu's hypothesis about an emotional component to her anomaly. Right now she's facing a massive amount of environmental stressors as she acclimates to containment. A near death experience and diagnosis of a serious medical condition are only going to compound that. I realize that there's not much we can do to make that better, but we can at least try not to make things worse for her. If there is a trigger related to fear, anxiety, or any other kind of distress and she starts to feel afraid of us...

Let's try not to let that happen, any more than it already has. She may not be able to fully process what's going on, even after the sedatives wear off. It's likely that she was hiding her true levels of distress, but it's our responsibility to take care of her, not hers to cooperate. In hindsight, I should have have been watching for this, and I sincerely apologize for letting this happen.

Right now, try to be gentle with her, no matter what state she's in. Explain what and why you're doing things. Talk to her, distract her, give her something to focus on so she doesn't feel overwhelmed by everything all at once.

Longer term, we should explore socialization, to keep SCP-7910 from feeling isolated as much as possible. Some normality, in this very abnormal situation, would be beneficial. I know some researchers at Site-17 have explored socialization programs between humanoid SCPs and staff, with staff either being assigned or volunteering to participate in social activities. Something similar here might be beneficial, but I'm not quite sure what it that would look like, yet. Board games, maybe? Several were recovered from her apartment. I suppose we could do a sort of movie night, too. Maybe. And knowing that the shock waves she releases don't travel through solid objects, safety should be something we can actually plan for, now.

I'll speak to SCP-7910 as soon as I can and start writing up formal proposals for some of this. Likely tomorrow, hopefully I'll feel better by then. If anyone else has suggestions, especially for socialization, please pass them on to Doctor Yu in the mean time.

**Catherine Porter, PhD

Lead Psychologist & Senior Researcher - SCP-7910**

---

**Date:** 17/11/████, 0900

**From:** Doctor Stoner

**To:** Doctor Porter

**Subject:** Re: Request for removal from SCP-7910

---

Doctor Porter,

I'm happy you felt comfortable enough to reach out. I know how scary it can be to ask for help.

I read over your assessments and your personnel file. Humanoid containment is a very difficult thing at the best of times, especially as a psychologist. Feeling overwhelmed is normal; It's okay not to always know what to do or have all the answers.

I think, at most, you may have misread or overlooked some things in your assessment. I certainly don't think that what happened with SCP-7910 was your fault, or that you could have prevented it. As you said in your assessment, SCP-7910 is a young woman experiencing extraordinary circumstances. It's hard to overstate the stress of so many life changes in such a brief period even before considering her mental health history. Right now, what matters is that she's alive, she's safe, and she has people who are trying to help her.

I'll send along some resources on humanoid containment and mental health care, and make sure one of our therapists talks to her in the next few days. I'm more concerned with how you're feeling. This is going to require a lot of compassion and patience, and I think you're absolutely capable of being the one to provide that. But it's just as important that you're paying attention to your own mental health.

Your absence today will be cleared as medical, if anyone has questions. My schedule is clear, so please come see me in my office as soon as you feel up to it. I know how dire things must feel right now, but this isn't something you have to feel on your own.

Best,

**Jeremiah Stoner, PsyD

Site-93 Ethics Committee liason**

---

<< [SCP-7909](SCP-7909) | SCP-7910 | [SCP-7911](SCP-7911) >>
