:root {

  ~~logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/secure-facility-dossier-site-58/58logo.png);

  --title: "SITE-58:";

  --subtitle: "BRIDGING THE GAPS BETWEEN US";

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

/* Borrowed from SCP-3984! */

.outside {

  margin: 2em -6em;

  padding: 1em 10em;

  --narration-color: rgba(214, 234, 248,1);

  background: var(--narration-color);

  background: linear-gradient(90deg, rgba(255,255,255,0) 0%, var(~~narration-color) 20%, var(~~narration-color) 80%, rgba(255,255,255,0) 100%);

  z-index: -2;

}

/* Make the blue bois that are within the document have smaller margins so they break flow less*/

.outside.inline {

  margin: 1em -6em;

  padding: 1px 10em;

}

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Subject:** SCP-7679

**Date:** February 2nd, 2024

**Forward:** The following footage was taken as part of the orientation of Agent David "Davy" Davidson into MTF Chi-58 ("Dreamscrapers"). It is believed to be the final footage of SCP-7679. Footage was recorded by Agent Senna "Sunny" Abebe's bodycam. Both agents are referred to using their codenames in the transcription.

**<Begin log>**

---

*[Agents Sunny and Davy approach the entrance to Site-58's Department of Zoological Studies.]*

**Davy:** And that's a daily thing? Like every day?

**Sunny:** We get a break from it about once every two weeks. It's not a scheduled thing, but sometimes you can distract him for a bit. Anyway, we won't assign you to that case for a bit, not until you're more versed in all... this. We're going to have you focus on real-world side guys first, like Chuck.

**Davy:** Chuck?

**Sunny:** God of Weather and Seasons, for the eastern US anyway. He's an adorable little guy, but Caraway can tell you more.

*[They enter into the department past the security doors. After a few minutes, they make their way to Zoological Containment Chamber 7073. There they find Dr. Faran Caraway thrashing about on the ground trying and failing to remove [ a goose](SCP-7073 ) from his tail. He notices the new arrivals and quickly rises to his feet. The goose remains attached to his tail.]*

**Caraway:** Hey! Sorry about that, I didn't realize I had visitors today.

**Sunny:** No worries, we didn't formally schedule this. I was running Davy here through orientation and figured we might as well show him some of the gods we have in containment on this side. 

*[Davy gives an awkward wave.]*

**Caraway:** Which one were you hoping to see? Ranbar the Scourge isn't around right now, but everyone else should be here.

**Davy:** Ranbar the Scourge...?

**Sunny:** God of Theatrics. Looks like a swan and tends to direct Site-58's community theatre programs. Anyway no, we wanted to see Chuck.

**Caraway:** Sure, sure. Just help me get this... *delightful little guy* off of me and I'll take you right over. 

*[Sunny approaches the goose, who immediately detaches from Caraway's tail and eyes her with an open beak.]*

**Sunny:** ...Good now?

**Caraway:** No, he's furious.

*[The goose screams before charging the agents. Agent Sunny sidesteps it, allowing it to tackle Davy to the ground. They manage to hold it away from their body as it continues to hiss and screech, buffeting them with its wings. Dr. Caraway is able to restrain it, and motions for the agents to flee the room. They do so, fleeing to the hallway and shutting the security door. Caraway exits a few minutes later, with several bruises and bite marks across his arms.]*

**Caraway:** Let's just get over to Chuck. 

*[Caraway guides the agents over to Zoological Containment Chamber 7679.]*

**Caraway:** Chuck's a nice guy, but try not to spook him. Last time someone did, it snowed in Florida for a week. 

*[Caraway unlocks and opens the door, and the group enters.]*

**Caraway:** Sorry to bother you, Chuck! I just have a few visit-

*[They see SCP-7679 sprawled across the floor, unmoving. Several parts of its body appear to be in the process of dissolving, exposing muscle tissue and bones.]*

**Davy:** Is he... supposed to look like that?

**Sunny:** Absolutely not.

*[Thunder can be heard from outside.]*

**Caraway:** This is bad. Very very bad.

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Current efforts are underway to recover SCP-7679's soul from the DreamscapeAn extradimensional space directly affected by the human subconscious.. Until it is able to be recovered, Foundation efforts are to focus on providing disaster relief to areas directly affected by SCP-7679's passing. 

SCP-7679's corpse and former containment chamber remain under the custody of Site-58's Department of Zoological Studies. 

**Description:** SCP-7679 refers to the corpse of a *Marmota Monax*.Colloquially known as a groundhog or woodchuck. SCP-7679 was sapient and capable of limited communication, referring to itself as "Chuck Storms." In life, SCP-7679 was responsible for maintaining weather patterns over the eastern United States. 

SCP-7679 was incredibly long-lived. At the time of its passing, SCP-7679 is believed to have been approximately 137 years old. 

---

**Addendum 7679.1:** Recovery Mission

---

**Debrief:** SCP-7679 was declared neutralized on February 2nd, 2024. Its death follows the death of three other anomalies believed to originate from the Dreamscape that occurred over a period of 2 weeks. Believed to be a trend, an emergency meeting between Site-58 director Gerald Scarborough and active members of MTF Chi-58 ("Dreamscrapers"). The meeting has been transcribed below.

**Meeting Transcript**

**Date:** February 3rd, 2024

**Present:** Dir. Gerald Scarborough, Spero "Rusty" Alejo, Senna "Sunny" Abebe, Kiku "Chrissy" Watanabe, Ori "Ori" Fling, David "Davy" Davidson 

**<Begin Log>**

---

**Dir. Scarborough:** So I suppose you're all wondering why I've gathered you here today-

**Rusty:** No.

**Chrissy:** No.

**Ori:** No.

**Sunny:** Also no.

**Davy:** I, um, was wondering actually.

**Dir. Scarborough:** Fine, I'll cut to the chase. That's the third "god" dead in the past month-

**Chrissy:** Two weeks.

**Dir. Scarborough:** *Two weeks*, which is objectively worse by the way. That's the third one dead with no rhyme or reason to it, and like all the ones before it, it's literally fizzling out. First, I need a status report on the other ones we have. Is *anyone* giving us any sign that they're about to keel over?

**Rusty:** I did a sweep last night of the usual info sources in the Dreamscape. A few are feeling weaker than usual, but they're also representing the less critical domains. 

**Dir. Scarborough:** Meaning?

**Rusty:** Conceptually people have a weaker grasp on who they are and what they represent. The weaker the grasp people have of them as a concept, the weaker they'll be as individuals. Since people don't tend to think about the concept of "bug zappers" very often, I'm not particularly shocked that the God of Bug Zappers is feeling weak right now.

**Sunny:** Good pun!

**Rusty:** What?

**Dir. Scarborough:** Focus. What about the ones we have at 58?

**Chrissy:** I did that sweep last night too. [ Botulae](SCP-6059 ) has been off according to Dr. Rosemary. Aside from that though, everyone else seems fine.

**Dir. Scarborough:** So that leaves us stuck then. Zoological Studies give you that report?

**Sunny:** I got it. Chuck was totally fine earlier yesterday morning. They even got to do the shadow check like expected. Six more weeks of winter, by the way.

**Dir. Scarborough:** Have any of you actually looked at the forecasts?

*[Everyone gathered shakes their heads.]*

**Dir. Scarborough:** Take a look.

*[Dir. Scarborough turns on the conference room television and turns it to a local weather broadcast.]*

**Reporter:** It is currently projected that temps will continue to rise through the Nanticoke area as this sudden storm cell passes through. It is unclear how long this storm will continue for-

*[Dir. Scarborough changes the channel to a national broadcast.]*

**Reporter:** Currently, city authorities are mobilizing to respond to the sudden storm front. Recommendations currently are that all residents follow standard hurricane prep procedures and prepare as wind speeds increase and rain continues-

**Dir. Scarborough:** We're lucky here in Nanticoke that it's just a freak thunderstorm. I'm getting reports from Foundation sites across the eastern seaboard of freak weather. Hurricanes in February, snowstorms in freaking New Orleans, and at least one tornado that touched down for a few minutes in Charleston. We're lucky things are pretty benign overall right now, but if this is the result of SCP-7679 kicking the bucket we have a fucking problem. 

**Davy:** This is due to SCP-7679 dying?

*[Dir. Scarborough glares at Davy.]*

**Dir. Scarborough:** What else *could* it be? This all started right after the rat died. Unless you have a better explanation, don't ask stupid questions, please. 

*[Davy sinks into their chair and chews at their thumb.]*

**Dir. Scarborough:** Let's just get to the point. We've had a few "gods" die, and this one is actively causing problems. It's on you all need to fix this and fix it fast. 

**Chrissy:** Excuse me, hold on. Why exactly is this our problem to handle? SCP-7679 was under the purview of the Zoological Studies Department, we just ran check-ins. 

**Dir. Scarborough:** Because 7679 was from the Dreamscape, and that's your purview. You all are responsible for figuring out how to solve this. 

**Chrissy:** That's a ridiculous demand to force onto my team! We don't even know where to start-

**Ori:** Actually, we might. 

*[Ori places a sheet of paper down on the table. An intricate sigil is drawn on it.]*

**Dir. Scarborough:** The hell is this?

**Ori:** This is Chuck's sigil. It represents his power as a god. If he was well and truly dead, it wouldn't do this-

*[Ori mutters something unintelligible under their breath. The sigil begins to glow, and a slight breeze blows through the conference room.]*

**Ori:** There's still power in his sigil, meaning he's not *completely* dead. 

**Sunny:** Are you sure? I'm pretty sure we saw him very much dead and dissolving.

**Rusty:** He's still in the Dreamscape.

**Dir. Scarborough:** Oh good lord, that is *vital* information. Why the hell are you just telling us now?!

**Rusty:** You didn't ask earlier. You wanted a report on other gods.

**Chrissy:** Excuse Rusty, Director. I'll handle this. Rusty, what info did you get on Chuck?

**Rusty:** I got reports from the Dreamscape that one of Mammon's people spotted Chuck. I wasn't able to get much beyond that, and I don't have clearance to parley with Mammon.  

**Dir. Scarborough:** We can work with this. Here are your orders, then. I want two of you to go and parley with Mammon. Find SCP-7679, bring it *back*, and fix this mess. The rest of you are on crisis management until then. Keep things as under control as possible and make sure we don't have another surprise neutralization. 

**Ori:** Surprise Draugr. Neutralized means the anomaly is no longer anomalous, Draugr means that even though it died it's still affecting-

**Dir. Scarborough:** Respectfully, shut the fuck up. Get to work.

Following this meeting, Agents Sunny and Davy were assigned to SCP-7679 recovery. All other agents of MTF Chi-58 were assigned to disaster relief efforts, with commander Chrissy serving as leader. 

**Recovered footage**

**<Begin log>**

---

**Davy:** Come on, Sunny! This is insane, they want *us* to parlay with some demon lord thing?!

**Sunny:** Are you doubting my ability to be an effective leader?

**Davy:** No! I'm doubting my ability to be an effective support! There's "green" and there's "moss-covered fish tank", and I'm definitely the latter. Why not assign one of the more experienced agents to this?

*[Agent Sunny shrugs.]*

**Sunny:** Scarborough is an enigma sometimes. My best guess? He wants the experienced ones to stay on the real side to handle the stuff that will directly affect the general public. Our mission is more important, but we're also dealing with the less immediately visible stuff. Just leave the talking to me and you'll be fine. 

*[They approach a large mirror.]*

**Sunny:** Alright, got your tattoo already, right?

*[Agent Davy rolls up their sleeve, revealing a tattoo of a crescent moon with a single line across the center on their forearm.]*

**Sunny:** Good. Just follow what I do. 

*[Agent Sunny bites firmly into her left thumb, drawing blood. Agent Davy recoils.]*

**Davy:** What the hell?!

*[Agent Sunny rolls up her sleeve, revealing an identical tattoo to Agent Davy on her arm. She traces it with her bleeding thumb.]*

**Sunny:** Oh come on, Davy. Blood magic shouldn't be a new concept for you, right? 

**Davy:** N-no, but-

**Sunny:** Listen, Davy, I need you to do *exactly* as instructed if you want this mission to be successful. None of this hesitant waffling newbie stuff. You were consigned to this team for a reason, so it's time to get to work. 

*[Davy holds their left thumb up to their mouth and gently bites down.]*

**Davy:** Like thith?

**Sunny:** Harder, you need to actually draw blood. 

*[Davy bites down firmly before yanking their thumb out and yelping.]*

**Sunny:** There you go! ...And you get used to it, trust me. Anyway, trace the tattoo, then approach the mirror. Then, just walk right on through.

*[Agent Sunny turns and steps through the mirror, disappearing. Agent Davy does as instructed, and follows suit, passing through the mirror. When their camera readjusts, they appear to be in a boreal forest, surrounded by large pines. Small orbs of blue light float about the area, rising from the ground as the agents walk by. Snow is falling, settling into a thin layer on the ground. Agent Sunny approaches one of the orbs of light and gives it a gentle smile. It flashes in response before floating off.]*

**Davy:** This is...?

**Sunny:** The Dreamscape, yeah. Part of it, anyway. You don't seem impressed.

**Davy:** I guess I expected something more... fantastical?

*[Davy picks a rock off the ground. It hisses. Davy yelps and drops it, allowing it to skitter away.]*

**Sunny:** Like I said, this is just part of it. This is a world of the human mind. Some parts of it will be fairly grounded in reality like over here, while others, well, let's just say it can get pretty crazy the deeper you go. Don't take anything at face value, though. Dreams are weird things after all. 

**Davy:** Duly noted.

*[Davy wipes their hands on their pants and follows Sunny as she begins walking. Every few minutes they poke at one of the blue orbs, which dance away from their fingers.]*

**Davy:** How do we find Mammon anyway? 

**Sunny:** There's a common smuggling route up ahead. If he's not there, I'm sure his crows will be. 

*[The agents approach a clearing. There, they find a murder of crows surrounding a truck. The truck appears to have a blown-out tire, and several shiny objects have fallen out of its trunk. The crows caw angrily at one another as they attempt to recover the objects and repair the damage.]*

**Davy:** Oh, *literal* crows. I thought it was some gang name thing. 

**Sunny:** Like I said, let me handle the talking. 

*[Agent Sunny approaches a crow and grabs it by the legs, lifting it to her face and dangling it upside down. The other crows scatter, flying into nearby trees.]*

**Sunny:** Alright, Zacharias. Start squawking because I'm *pretty* sure I told you to keep your happy ass away from here. 

**Zacharias:** HEY! HEY! EASY! COME ON!

**Sunny:** Talk. What are you doing over here?

**Zacharias:** LISTEN I DIDN'T WANNA! OTHER QUICKEST ROUTE OVER IS NO GOOD. BOSS'S ORDERS.

**Sunny:** What are you even moving? Drugs or just contraband?

*[She nods to Davy, who investigates the items on the ground.]*

**Zacharias:** NEW GUY?

*[Agent Sunny glares at Zacharias.]*

**Davy:** These are... bottle caps? Wait these are ALL bottle caps. I thought you said this was a smuggling operation? 

**Sunny:** It's supposed to be. So, Zachy, what's the deal here?

**Zacharias:** I DUNNO A THING!

*[She shakes the crow.]*

**Zacharias:** HONEST! I SWEAR! I KNOW NOTHING!

**Sunny:** Bullshit, Zachy. I know you AND Mammon well enough by now that you don't deal in things just because they're "shiny". 

**Davy:** Wait...

**Sunny:** What's up? 

**Davy:** The tire tracks. They're covered in snow. 

**Sunny:** What about it? 

**Davy:** Look. It's not fresh or packed down, you can barely make out the treads. That means the truck has been here a while. 

*[Sunny glares at Zacharias once more.]*

**Zacharias:** SO WHAT? BLOWN OUT TIRE. WE'VE BEEN HERE A BIT. WAITING ON BACKUP, NO SPARE. 

**Sunny:** Waiting for us, right? 

**Zacharias:** WHAT?

**Sunny:** Davy, check the truck bed. Lemme know if you see anything that stands out. 

*[Agent Davy approaches the truck bed.]*

**Davy:** I see the bag for the bottle caps and... 

*[They move the bag aside.]*

**Davy:** A spare tire. 

**Sunny:** Funny thing, that. A spare tire. 

**Zacharias:** UHHH...

**Sunny:** Speak. Now. 

**Zacharias:** BOSS HAS THE GOPHER GUY. TOOK HIM TO HQ. TOLD US TO STAY HERE AND DISTRACT FOUNDATION CREEPS. THAT'S ALL I SWEAR. 

*[Agent Sunny throws Zacharias to the ground. He rolls over a few times before shaking himself off and taking to the trees.]*

**Sunny:** Well that makes part of this easier. That confirms that Rusty's information was good if nothing else. 

**Davy:** Sure, but what the hell would this Mammon guy want with the soul of... uh, what was his name?

**Sunny:** Chuck Storms. And I have a few theories, but most boil down to pure capitalistic greed. The real issue now is the fact that he set up this stupid little ruse to distract us, which means we're on a timer of some kind right now. 

**Davy:** How long do we have?

**Sunny:** No clue, so we can't waste time. Let's get moving because I have a theory that Mammon is going to throw some other bullshit at us. He's already decided to waste our time once with the stupidest distraction I've ever seen. ZACHARIAS!

*[Agent Sunny runs up to a tree and shoots her arm into the branches, fishing the crow out. She bites into her right thumb and traces a sigil onto the bird's back.]*

**Zacharias:** OI! OI OI OI! WHAT'S THAT ABOUT?

**Sunny:** Little trick Ori taught me recently. You're going to take us to Mammon and ensure that we get in. 

**Zacharias:** LIKE HELL I AM! 

*[The sigil glows bright red, and Agent Sunny lets Zacharias go. He immediately attempts to flee, managing to get approximately three meters from her before he's pulled back by an invisible force.]*

**Zacharias:** UNHAND ME, YOU WRETCH! YOU CANNOT CONTAIN ME!

**Sunny:** Can, and did. I'll break the sigil once the mission is done, but until then you're with us, Zachy. 

*[She turns to Davy.]*

**Sunny:** Let's move. 

---

@@ @@

Weather Report

---

**Location:** Miami, Florida

**Phenomenon:** Sudden tidal surge results in the coastline receding approximately 2km from the shore.

**Response:** Citizens near the coastline evacuated in preparation for a potential tsunami. No tsunami was reported, and the coastline returned to normal 2 hours later. 

---

**Location:** Macon, Georgia

**Phenomenon:** Wind gusts of upwards of 80 km were reported through the city, continuing intermittently for 3 hours. 

**Response:** Disaster relief team mobilized to respond to reported damages.

---

**Location:** Bridgeport, Connecticut

**Phenomenon:** Supercell thunderstorm suddenly manifested, dropping 0.9m of rain on the city in a half-hour period, in turn resulting in severe flash flooding through the area. 

**Response:** Available personnel in the area deployed to assist citizen disaster relief efforts. 

---

*[A ringing sound is heard. Agent Sunny checks her watch before groaning.]*

**Sunny:** It's Director Scarborough. Hold on.

**Zacharias:** PUT ME ON. I HAVE COMPLAINTS.

*[She taps the screen on her watch, and an image of Director Scarborough appears.]*

**Dir. Scarborough:** Status report you two. 

**Zacharias:** I AM BEING DETAINED AGAINST MY WILL. I HAVE NOT BEEN READ MY RIGHTS.

*[Agent Sunny clamps Zacharias's beak shut with her hand.]*

**Sunny:** Mammon definitely has Chuck. He set up this stupid distraction with his crows.

*[Zacharias breaks free of Sunny's grip.]*

**Zacharias:** AND IT WORKED.

**Dir. Scarborough:** Well hurry the hell up. We're getting more freak weather by the hour, [ Screamy](SCP-7373 ) is losing its mind with predictions, and the number of available personnel is dwindling. I need results and I need them *yesterday*. Get moving. 

*[Dir. Scarborough hangs up.]*

**Zacharias:** I DON'T APPRECIATE THAT HE IGNORED ME.

*[Davy paces back and forth, chewing the end of their thumb.]*

**Davy:** So, where exactly do we need to go now? 

**Sunny:** Mammon's HQ. Good news is that it shouldn't be terribly far from where we are now, assuming it hasn't moved. It hasn't, right, Zachy?

**Zacharias:** MY BEAK IS SEALED.

*[Agent Sunny makes a fake lunge towards Zacharias. Zacharias finches, covering his face with his wings and cawing.]*

**Zacharias:** IT HASN'T MOVED I SWEAR! PLEASE DON'T BLOW ME UP!

**Sunny:** ...Should be a short climb down the cliffs and a nice hike through the tunnels. 

**Davy:** Cliffs?

*[They approach the edge of the forest, which is surrounded by a sheer cliff looking across into apparent nothingness. Looking down, the camera is unable to identify a clear bottom. Davy steps back.]*

**Davy:** No way, you cannot be serious. We have to climb down THAT?

**Sunny:** Yup. It's not as bad as it looks, promise. I've done it a few times. 

**Davy:** Sunny I'm not sure if you've noticed but your arms are the size of my head. I wouldn't call myself *weak*, but-

**Zacharias:** YOUR ARMS ARE LIKE SOFT NOODLES. YOU'RE A WEAK NOODLE-PERSON. 

*[Agent Sunny flicks Zacharias. He squeals and recoils, bringing his wings up to his beak and rubbing it dramatically.]*

**Sunny:** That's your only warning, bird. 

*[She turns to Agent Davy.]*

**Sunny:** The only way to learn how to do something is to try it. Do you trust me?

**Davy:** Sure, but-

**Sunny:** And I trust you.

**Davy:** Thanks?

**Sunny:** So if you trust me and I trust you, that means that everything is going to be just fine. I'll go down first, that way if something *does* happen, I can catch you. 

*[She approaches the cliff, Zacharias being dragged along the ground behind her. She begins descending the cliff. Zacharias is dragged to the edge and pulled over the side before he can attempt to take flight. The sound of panicked cawing is heard from below.]*

*[Agent Davy approaches the cliff and carefully lowers themself down. They grab the first outcrop they can find and anchor their arms and legs.]*

**Sunny:** That's it. Just like that, Davy. Focus on your body and nothing else.

*[Agent Davy takes a deep breath and slowly releases it. They move their right leg down with extreme caution before it anchors onto another ledge. They continue this, moving slowly down the cliffside with careful movements. A few minutes into descending, their foot slips off of its hold. Davy yelps.]*

**Sunny:** Calm yourself, take a breath. You still have the wall, focus on your grip. You can do this, Davy.

**Davy:** I-

**Sunny:** *You can do this, Davy.*

*[Agent Davy pauses, testing their grip against the cliff before finding a new foothold for their foot. They secure themself and continue their descent until they finally set down on solid ground. They leap from the wall and lay on the ground, rubbing their face in the red-tinted grass.]*

**Davy:** That freaking SUCKED!

**Zacharias:** I FELT LIKE I WAS FALLING FOREVER. THIS IS MY PERSONAL HELL.

**Sunny:** You did really well, Davy. I'm proud of you.

**Zacharias:** I STOPPED SWEARING HALFWAY DOWN. ARE YOU PROUD OF ME? 

*[Davy looks up. The camera is unable to pick up any clear details on the environment more than a few meters off the ground.]*

**Sunny:** Let's take a short break, huh? I'm sure you could use a rest after that.

**Davy:** It's weird.

**Sunny:** What's that?

**Davy:** I just realized I don't think I've seen the sky once since we got here.

**Sunny:** Oh yeah, this place doesn't have one. 

*[Agent Sunny sits, crossing her legs. She pats the ground beside her, motioning for Davy to join. Zacharias attempts to take the spot but Sunny shoves him aside, allowing Davy to sit. Zacharias huffs.]*

**Sunny:** Guess we're still in the middle of your orientation, huh? No better way to learn than by doing and all that. What did you do before joining us, anyway?

**Davy:** I was an anomalous cultures scholar over at 120. 

**Sunny:** What was the work like?

*[Davy shrugs.]*

**Davy:** It was fine. I didn't spearhead anything, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy learning about the Fae and Yeren and such. 

**Sunny:** Buuuuut?

**Davy:** But what?

**Zacharias:** SHE'S IMPLYING YOU WERE A MISERABLE ASSHOLE. NOT LIKE THAT'S CHANGED.

**Sunny:** I'm *implying* that something was missing there that made you apply here.

*[Davy shrugs.]*

**Davy:** I just wanted a change of scenery. That's all. Did I need some deeper answer for it? Besides, I couldn't pass up a chance to do proper fieldwork.

*[Agent Sunny rolls her eyes.]*

**Sunny:** Fine, keep your secrets. If scenery is what you want, though, remind me to show you one of the more surrealistic areas. Remember what I said earlier? Some places get WILD.  

**Zacharias:** SHIT THAT MAKES YOU FEEL LIKE YOU'VE BEEN RUN THROUGH A BLENDER. 

*[Agent Sunny stands up and stretches.]*

**Sunny:** I gotta pee before we keep moving. So...

*[She licks her thumb and rubs at the sigil on Zacharias for a moment. He caws in disapproval as he's handed to Davy.]*

**Sunny:** He's bound to you now. Keep an eye on him until I come back. 

**Zacharias:** I'M NOT SOME CHEAP FLOOZY YOU CAN JUST PAWN OFF ON OTHER PEOPLE.

**Sunny:** Can it princess, and behave while I'm gone.

*[Agent Sunny heads off, leaving Davy and Zacharias alone. The two sit in awkward silence for several minutes, occasionally exchanging glances. Zacharias eventually speaks up.]*

**Zacharias:** HOW ABOUT THIS WEATHER?

**Davy:** What about it?

**Zacharias:** COME ON. WORK WITH ME HERE. 

**Davy:** ...Ok. The weather is... nice? I guess?

**Zacharias:** THE WEATHER IS SHIT. AND YOU'RE SHIT AT SMALL TALK.

**Davy:** You're the one who started talking first!

**Zacharias:** YEAH AND YOU'RE THE ONE WHO'S SUPPOSED TO HOLD UP THEIR END OF THE SOCIAL BARGAIN. 

**Davy:** So is everyone from the Dreamscape an asshole or are you just a special case?

*[Zacharias throws up his wings in feigned innocence.]*

**Zacharias:** WORDS HURT, HUMAN. BUT IF IT HELPS, I'M SPECIAL. NOT TO IMPLY THERE AREN'T ASSHOLES HERE, LOTS OF THE GODS THAT CALL THIS PLACE HOME ARE REAL MOTHERFUCKERLY TYPES. BUT I'M A SPECIAL TYPE OF ASSHOLE.

**Davy:** Oh really? How so?

**Zacharias:** I'M ENDEARING. 

**Davy:** Can't say I agree.

*[Zacharias hops over to Davy and climbs onto their leg, turning his head to the side and clicking his beak.]*

**Zacharias:** COME ON, YOU CAN'T SAY YOU AREN'T A LITTLE TURNED TO THE CHARMS. 

*[Davy cracks a smile before nudging Zacharias off.]*

**Davy:** Nope, not a bit.

**Zacharias:** AH, SO SUNNY'S YOUR FANCY THEN. FAIR ENOUGH, LOTS OF PEOPLE I KNOW WANT TO BE BRUTALIZED BY A BIG STRONG WOMAN. OR BLOWN UP. MYSELF NOT SO MUCH, BUT-

**Davy:** No? One, I don't want to hear whatever it is you were planning to say, and two I don't feel like that. I've only known the woman for like... a day. She's nice, and I think she's a friend, but that's about the extent of it. I honestly have no clue where you got that idea from. 

**Zacharias:** DUDE I KNOW, I WAS JUST FUCKING WITH YOU. 

*[Zacharias makes a chittering sound that sounds almost like laughter.]*

**Zacharias:** YOU'RE LUCKY EITHER WAY. 

**Davy:** Why's that?

*[Zacharias shakes his head.]*

**Zacharias:** IT'S NOTHING. JUST ENJOY WHAT YOU'VE GOT GOING ON, FOUNDATION. 

**Sunny:** And what do they have exactly, Zachy?

**Zacharias:** GAH! THE WITCH RETURNS! BEGONE, HARLOT. WE WERE HAVING INSIGHTFUL CONVERSATIONS. 

**Sunny:** Well enough insightful conversation, time to move. Scarborough has been blowing up my watch with weather reports and things aren't looking great. It's currently 103 degrees Fahrenheit in Calais, Maine which is a bit more than "unseasonably warm" for them right now. 

**Davy:** Do I need to do something to Zacharias's sigil thing to set him back to you?

*[Agent Sunny waves a hand dismissively.]*

**Sunny:** Nah, keep him for now. Consider him a training exercise. He can teach you how to negotiate with some of the more difficult customers we deal with.

**Zacharias:** YOU'RE STUCK WITH ME NOW, BITCH. BUCKLE UP.

**Sunny:** You have my approval to flick, smack, punch, and otherwise cause Zachy physical harm in response to his nonsense though.

**Zacharias:** THIS IS AN EGREGIOUS VIOLATION OF MY RIGHTS. I'M CALLING MY LAWYER. 

---

@@ @@

Weather Report

---

**Location:** Elizabeth City, North Carolina

**Phenomenon:** Repeated temperature fluctuations between -5 degrees Celsius and 36 degrees Celsius. 

**Response:** Citizens are instructed to remain indoors until temperatures stabilize.  

---

**Location:** Westerly, Rhode Island

**Phenomenon:** Standard easterly winds suddenly shift to westerly winds through the local area. 

**Response:** None needed. The shift was largely unnoticed by citizens. 

---

**Location:** Nanticoke, Pennsylvania

**Phenomenon:** A sudden storm drops 287 American bullfrogs (Lithobates catesbeianus) over the town. All instances die from the impact.

**Response:** Available Site-58 personnel participate in the cleaning of frog viscera from the town. Public spaces of Site-58 are opened to provide medical care to any injured during the event. 

---

*[Zacharias leads the Agents to a sheer cliff face. He pauses and looks back before flinching in response to a sharp glare from Agent Sunny. He traces a circle and series of lines into the ground with his talons before pushing on the wall. The wall warps at his touch, deforming before a circle of the rock face vanishes revealing a tunnel.]*

**Sunny:** Any nonsense we need to be aware of before we enter, Zachy?

**Zacharias:** YOU'LL GET NOTHING FROM ME, HARLOT. IF YOU DIE A PAINFUL DEATH IN THERE I VIEW IT AS A NET POSITIVE.

**Sunny:** I take that to mean that if there is something to worry about, you wouldn't know?

**Zacharias:** ...YES. 

**Davy:** Didn't you all come through here to get to the clearing earlier? 

**Zacharias:** HOW IN THE GOLDEN HELL ARE WE SUPPOSED TO GET A TRUCK UP THE CLIFFS? 

**Davy:** Wait if you came from your HQ with a truck, and you can't get a truck up the cliffs, then why are we going this way instead of the way you came from?

**Sunny:** They drove the truck up the cliff, don't let him confuse you. Ever heard the expression "Driving me up a wall"?

**Davy:** Of course.

**Sunny:** Think literally here. There's a reason these crows are insufferable bastards. Put enough of them in one place, and with Dreamscape rules they can literally drive each other up a wall. 

*[Zacharias sits with an expression of smug satisfaction.]*

**Davy:** Now that I think about it, why *didn't* we just take their truck? They had a spare tire.

**Zacharias:** BECAUSE THE OTHER FUCKWADS IN THE MURDER SKEDADDLED THE SECOND THAT BEAR OF A WOMAN SHOWED UP. I KNOW THAT I'M AMAZING AND PERFECT, BUT MY CHARMS AREN'T ENOUGH TO DRIVE US BACK DOWN THE WAY WE CAME. THAT SAID IF YOU WANT ME TO TRY AND DRIVE YOU UP A WALL I HAVE A COUPLE OF FANTASTIC STORIES ABOUT-

*[Davy clamps Zacharias's beak shut before looking back to Sunny.]*

**Sunny:** We really need to stop letting ourselves get distracted. Davy, I appreciate the curiosity but for the sake of time, I ask that you hang onto your questions until we get back. I'll let you know if there's anything vital you need to be successful, alright?

**Davy:** Understood.

**Sunny:** Good. Let's move.

*[The group enters the tunnel. The footage goes dark for a moment, and Davy can be heard yelping alongside the sound of grinding stone and metal. When visibility returns, the group appears to be in a large cavern chamber. The cave's walls are covered in small, luminous gemstones.]* 

**Sunny:** Alright, Zacharias. Lead the way. 

*[Zacharias grumbles, but walks off towards a tunnel. The agents follow.]*

**Davy:** Can we trust him?

**Sunny:** I've worked with Zacharias for years now. He's the primary point of contact between the Foundation and Mammon's crows. Aside from being easily bullied into compliance, I can promise you that he won't intentionally lead us anywhere that would risk him getting killed. 

**Zacharias:** IF I WANTED YOU ALL DEAD I'D DO IT. I'M A MANIAC. I'VE KILLED SO MANY PEOPLE IT'S INSANE. 

**Sunny:** He's small-time overall. Worst thing I've caught him mixed up in was smuggling illicit paratech through to the Three Portlands area. 

**Zacharias:** THEY WERE WEAPONS OF WAR. IT WAS GOING TO LEAD A REVOLUTION. YOU SHOULD BE AFRAID OF WHAT I'M CAPABLE OF DOING.

**Sunny:** They were watches with extremely rudimentary .aicsArtificial Intelligence Constructs. that were barely anomalous. We did wind up using one as the basis for Screamy though, so thanks for that. 

**Zacharias:** I HATE YOU. 

*[Zacharias continues to lead the way. The group stops at an apparent pit with a series of floating rocks across it.]*

**Zacharias:** OH TOO BAD! DEAD END IF YOU CAN'T FLY. ANYWAY, IT WAS MISERABLE SERVING YOU TWO SO IF YOU WOULD JUST LET ME-

**Sunny:** Easy enough obstacle. This is Dreamscape 101 stuff. All you need to do is-

*[Agent Sunny reels back before leaping out across the pit and landing on one of the floating rocks, grabbing its surface. She kicks off, leaping to another further out.]*

**Sunny:** It's really easy, Davy. Give it a shot.

*[Agent Davy bites their thumb for a moment.]*

**Davy:** I... I... you know what?

*[They take a deep breath.]* 

**Davy:** I can do this. 

*[They take a step back.]*

**Zacharias:** HOLD ON JUST A SEC. GIVE ME A SEC TO-

*[They run towards the pit and take a flying leap to the first rock. They stumble at first but manage to brace themself against it. Zacharias is yanked behind them and launched face-first into the rock, before sliding down and hanging suspended in mid-air over the pit.]*

**Zacharias:** MOTHERFUCKER I SAID *HOLD ON!* PULL ME UP PULL ME UP!

**Sunny:** Good work! Now just brace your foot like this, and leap!

*[Agent Sunny leaps off to the next rock. She continues until she's on the other side. Agent Davy follows suit, leaping from rock to rock. Zacharias is swung about wildly as they progress across the pit, occasionally being thrown into rocks. He swears heavily the entire way across.]*

*[Both Davy and Zacharias eventually make it to the other side. Davy takes a moment to catch their breath while Zacharias lies dazed on his back.]*

**Davy:** I-I actually *did* it! Holy crap I did it!

**Sunny:** You did indeed, that was pretty good for a rookie. Keep that up and you'll make it out alive yet. 

**Zacharias:** I'M GONNA HURL.

**Sunny:** You're gonna keep moving. Let's go, Zachy.

*[Agent Davy kneels down next to Zacharias and extends a hand.]*

**Davy:** Are you ok? Sorry about that, I forgot about the binding curse thing.

**Zacharias:** YEAH, YEAH. I'LL BE FINE. I'VE SURVIVED WORSE. 

*[Zacharias groans, rising to his feet. He wobbles, but eventually regains his balance and begins marching down the tunnel once more. After several minutes, Zacharias stops in place, his feathers ruffled. He vocalizes and looks around.]*  

**Davy:** What's wrong?

*[Zacharias caws before turning back and sprinting to Davy. The ground shakes, several gemstones falling from the walls and shattering on the ground.]*

**Zacharias:** I THOUGHT HE LEFT. 

**Sunny:** You thought *who* left? 

*[Zacharias peeks out from behind Davy's legs and points a wing ahead..]*

**Zacharias:** HIM.

*[A pillar of fire erupts from the ground in front of the agents, caving through the stone that forms the cave. A massive serpentine creature follows, the sound of hundreds of metallic legs scraping against stone as it rises and blocks the way forward. The rumbling continues, the creature erupting from the cave ceiling behind the agents and burrowing into the floor until both ends of the tunnel are blocked.]*

*[The creature erupts once more in front of the group. Its head is large and flat like a spider's, with several eyes circling it and large fangs. He regards the agents for a moment before the head splits in two, revealing a humanoid face with large, curled tusks within. It speaks with a low growl.]*

**Creature:** ...Foundation. 

*[The creature narrows its eyes at Agent Sunny.]*

**Creature:** And *you*.

**Sunny:** ...Cabrackan. 

**Davy:** Sorry, you know this... uh... gentleman? 

**Cabrackan:** I am Cabrackan, Lord of Mountains and God of the Trembling Earth. You shall ensure you respect that. 

**Sunny:** Move. We're busy and don't have time for your antics. 

*[Cabrackan howls, slamming a foreleg against the cave wall and sending bits of rock and dust cascading down on the agents and Zacharias. He lunges forward, stopping when his face is almost touching Agent Sunny's. She does not flinch.]*

**Cabrackan:** Perhaps not, but I have time for you. Explain to me, Foundation, why you have failed to uphold your end of the bargain? 

**Sunny:** What are you even talking about? 

*[Cabrackan drives his forelegs into the ground before him. The ground shakes, and several stones fall from the ceiling.]*

**Cabrackan:** The MANDATE signed between the Foundation and the Divine! Do not play the fool with me, Foundation. You understand my words. I know you *especially* understand what I refer to.

**Davy:** Is this a good time to ask what he's referring to, or...?

*[Agent Sunny doesn't respond, maintaining eye contact with Cabrackan.]*

**Sunny:** I fail to see where we've failed here. Now if you're done-

*[Agent Sunny attempts to walk past Cabrackan, only for him to block her with a leg. He knocks her over and pins her to the ground. Agent Davy begins to run over to assist, but Agent Sunny raises a hand to stop them.]*

**Cabrackan:** Another of the divine perishes in your company, one of MANY. We were promised faith from the people, promised that our memories were to be kept alive in humanity. Now I watch as yet another one of my divine brothers fades into nothing due to your INACTION! I do not claim specific love nor care for the weather god, but I have seen his fading soul myself and understand what that means for me. How long do I have until I join them, Foundation? Am I to simply remain here until I am dead like the others? I feel my powers starting to fade, Foundation. Look upon my form.

*[He holds a leg out. Near its pointed tip, a small patch of flesh can be seen dissolving like the corpse of SCP-7679 prior.]* 

**Sunny:** We're doing what we *can*, whether people actually take to-

*[Cabrackan lifts the leg pinning Agent Sunny before bringing it back down on her chest. She sputters.]*

**Davy:** Sunny!

**Sunny:** Stay there. I've got this.

**Davy:** I can't just-

**Sunny:** *Stay there.* That's an order.

**Cabrackan:** I do not recall asking for excuses! No, at this point I am demanding action. Action that I shall take. You.

*[Cabrackan points a leg to Davy, who flinches in response.]*

**Cabrackan:** You will return to the waking world to inform the Foundation this: we do not know how or when, but the gods you have chosen to abandon in the Dreamscape will claw our way back into the waking world. We will be known one way or another. As for you...

*[Cabrackan begins to unhinge his jaw.]*

**Cabrackan:** You shall reap the fruits of your failings here and now. If I must claim your domain for my own, then I shall do so. 

*[Davy hesitates for a moment before trying to run to Sunny. She raises a hand to stop them.]*

**Sunny:** Davy, get out of here. I can handle this. 

*[Cabrackan lowers his mouth down to Agent Sunny as she thrashes and struggles against his leg. Davy chews at their thumb as Zacharias leaps onto their shoulder.]*

**Zacharias:** DO SOMETHING, YOU IDIOT!

*[Davy looks to Zacharias, and then to Agent Sunny. They bounce on their feet for a brief moment before inhaling deeply and running forward. They ball their hand into a fist and punch Cabrackan in the eye. Cabrackan recoils and bellows, lifting his leg just enough for Agent Sunny to wiggle free. She removes her gun from its holster, and immediately shoots Cabrackan in the other eye, causing him to recoil further.]*

*[Davy trembles, looking down at their hand. Sunny puts a hand on their shoulder.]*

**Sunny:** Get down!

**Davy:** What?

*[Agent Sunny forces Davy to the ground. Cabrackan screeches before letting loose a jet of flame from his mouth that flies over the agents. He proceeds to stretch his false head to either side of his body and strikes the ground with it, using each half as arms. The ground shakes, and more stones fall from the ceiling. Several rocks fall onto Zacharias, burying him under the rubble.]*

**Sunny:** Davy, move left and get out of the way! 

*[Cabrackan swipes at the Agents. Agent Sunny leaps to the right and Agent Davy does the same, colliding with her and sending both falling to the ground.]*

**Davy:** Sorry, sorry!

*[Agent Sunny leaps to her feet, kicking one of Cabrackan's legs away before it can strike her.]*

**Sunny:** Don't apologize, just *listen!* Get out of this fight, let me handle it! On your feet, and MOVE!

*[The Agents attempt to flee, but Davy is knocked off their feet by an unseen force. They attempt to crawl along the ground but are unable to move forward. Agent Sunny turns around and grabs their arm, but is unable to move them.]*

**Davy:** Why can't I move? Sunny?!

**Sunny:** I-

*[She looks to the pile of rubble.]*

**Sunny:** Shit, Zacharias! 

*[Agent Sunny attempts to run to Zacharias, but is stopped by Cabrackan slamming one of his limbs down in front of her. With each attempt she makes towards Zacharias's position, she is stopped as Cabrackan continues to shake the ground and block her path.]*

**Davy:** K-Keep him occupied! I got it!

**Sunny:** Davy, wait! It's too-

*[Sunny deflects a strike from Cabrackan with her arm as Agent Davy slides over and begins digging Zacharias out. As Davy frees Zacharias, Cabrackan attempts to impale Agent Davy on his false fangs. Agent Sunny is able to move both of them out of the way just in time, tucking and rolling towards a wall. Sunny attempts to shoot Cabrackan once more with her gun, but he deflects the bullet with part of his false head.]*

**Zacharias:** FINALLY, I THOUGHT YOU ALL WERE JUST GOING TO CONTINUE BEATING ME AGAINST THE ROCKS. I MIGHT HAVE BRAIN DAMAGE NOW. I EXPECT YOU TO PAY MY MEDICAL BILLS.

**Sunny:** Shut the hell up for five seconds. 

**Zacharias:** YES MA'AM SHUTTING UP.

*[Cabrackan bellows, stomping the ground once more. The earth shakes, an a stalactite on the ceiling breaks free, falling to the ground and collapsing against the center of the room. The agents huddle behind the new pile of rocks.]*

**Davy:** What are we supposed to do here, Sunny? He's got both ends blocked!

**Sunny:** Stay focused on moving, and listen to *every* instruction I give you when I give it. I need you to work with me. Inaction will get you killed.

*[Agent Sunny attempts to steady her gun against the rubble and shoot once more, but Cabrackan strikes her arm and knocks the gun aside. She winces and grabs her arm. Pulling her hand away reveals a large, bleeding gash. She reaches towards Davy with her uninjured arm.]* 

**Sunny:** Davy, your gun.

**Davy:** I didn't get one yet. I haven't passed the firearm training. 

**Zacharias:** ARE YOU SERIOUS? THEY SENT YOU ON AN IMPORTANT MISSION WITH NOTHING?

*[Cabrackan charges down the tunnel, shaking the ground and attempting to run the agents over. The group scatters, Zacharias being yanked by an invisible force as Davy rushes out of the way.]*

**Davy:** I-I have some supplies! Basic field equipment and a survival knife! I g-guess they just thought it wouldn't be needed? Haha...

*[Davy ducks as Cabrackan attempts to impale them on his legs. Sunny attempts to dive for her gun, but Cabrackan kicks it away from her before she can reach it.]*

**Sunny:** Well get your knife out then! Please!

**Davy:** I can't reach it while I'm trying to not die!

**Zacharias:** FINE, I'LL DO IT THEN.

*[Zacharias hops onto Davy, navigating over to their bag. He opens it, flapping his wings to maintain his balance as Davy continues to avoid being struck by Cabrackan. After a minute he's pulls his head out, a large knife in his beak.]*

**Zacharias:** I GOT A KNIFE.

**Sunny:** Good work, Zachy. Pass it over to me. 

**Davy:** Wait, I... I have an idea.

**Sunny:** Not really the time for ideas, Davy! Just listen to-

**Davy:** For the love of God let me do something!

**Sunny:** I'm just trying to keep you sa-

*[Sunny screams as Cabrackan strikes her side with a false fang. Blood begins oozing from a fresh wound on her side.]*

**Davy:** Zacharias, I need your help.

**Zacharias:** YOU DEFINITELY DO. 

**Davy:** He's not focusing on you, so we're going to take advantage of that. 

**Zacharias:** OH YEAH? HOW. I'M STILL STUCK TO YOU, ASSHOLE.

*[Cabrackan approaches Sunny, jaw agape.]*

**Davy:** Just follow my lead and get ready to work. 

*[Davy begins running towards Cabrackan, sliding under him as Zacharias braces himself. Once Davy is in front of Cabrackan, they grab Zacharias and throw him toward Cabrackan's face. Zacharias prepares the knife and grabs either side of Cabrackan's face with his talons as he begins slashing at it with the knife. Cabrackan screams in pain and staggers back, attempting to remove the bird from his face.]*

*[Davy quickly digs through their bag as Zacharias continues to tear away at Cabrackan's head. He leaps off before Cabrackan can strike him with a false fang. Davy produces a can of mace. Cabrackan opens his uninjured eye and glares at Davy with a scarred and bloodied face. He lunges forward, but Davy sprays the mace directly into his face. With a final scream of agony, he retreats. The ground shakes as he burrows underground and out of sight.]*

*[Agent Sunny collapses to the ground, clutching her side. Davy kneels beside her, lowering their bag to the ground.]*

**Davy:** Zacharias, I need the first aid kit stat. 

**Zacharias:** WHAT'S THE MAGIC WORD?

**Davy:** *Now*. 

*[Zacharias flinches in response to Davy's yelling, but complies. Davy lowers Sunny onto her back and carefully moves her hand from her side.]*

**Davy:** Focus on breathing, ok? Focus on just your breathing and my voice.

**Sunny:** I'm so sorry, Davy. You shouldn't be trying to take care of me like this. I got careless.

**Davy:** I need you to listen to me this time. You trust me, right?

**Sunny:** Yeah.

**Davy:** And I trust you. So I need you to just do what I ask this time. Save the apologies for later. 

*[Zacharias drags over a first aid kit, and Davy goes to work patching Sunny's injuries. They pause for a moment while patching her side, their eyes falling on a small misshapen burn before continuing. Once the wounds are sufficiently cleaned and bandaged, they turn to Zacharias.]*

**Davy:** Is there a safer place nearby we can rest? The last thing I want is more surprises. If there's anything ahead that we could even *possibly* need to know about, you need to tell us right now. 

**Zacharias:** THERE'S A CHAMBER WITH AN UNDERGROUND LAKE IN IT JUST AHEAD. WE'LL BE FINE THERE, NO SURPRISES. I SWEAR IT ON MAMMON'S SIGIL.

*[Zacharias traces a shape into the ground and taps it with his claw. It glows a faint yellow.]*

**Zacharias:** BINDING ON MAMMON'S NAME. I COULDN'T LIE ON THAT IF I WANTED TO.

**Davy:** Alright. And thanks.

**Zacharias:** SAVE IT. FOCUS ON GETTING HER TO SAFETY. 

*[Agent Davy hoists Agent Sunny onto their back and follows as Zacharias leads them deeper into the cave.]*

---

@@ @@

Weather Report

---

**Location:** [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-333 Atlantic City, New Jersey]

**Phenomenon:** Dense fog envelops the city, severely limiting visibility to just over 1m. The fog remains at the time of writing.  

**Response:** None, while the phenomenon is believed to be related to the death of SCP-7679, it is within the acceptable standards of normalcy for the city. 

---

**Location:** Roanoke, Virginia

**Phenomenon:** Large storm cells form over the city, dropping golf ball sized hail over a three hour period.

**Response:** Pending. Due to resources currently offered to other areas requiring disaster relief, limited numbers of Foundation personnel are available to offer support. Personnel to be sent when logistically feasible.

---

**Location:** Nanticoke, Pennsylvania

**Phenomenon:** All atmospheric winds across the continental United States changed directions, convening in the sky directly over Site-58. 

**Response:** Situation is being monitored. Request for support sent to wider Foundation body. 

---

*[Agent Davy carries Agent Sunny into a wider cavern separate from the main path. They set her down near a large glowing lake. Several unidentified amphibious creatures flee as they approach, hopping off into the water.]*

*[Agent Davy empties their bag and places it on the ground before laying Agent Sunny down and resting her head on top of it. She groans.]*

**Sunny:** Thanks.

**Davy:** You're welcome.

*[Sunny attempts to sit up, but Davy places an hand on her shoulder and lays her back down.]*

**Davy:** Absolutely not. With those injuries, you aren't going anywhere right now.

**Sunny:** If staying here to rest was an option I would, but-

*[She yelps as she tries to rise once more, grabbing her side and falling back onto her back.]*

**Davy:** You don't have a choice, Sunny. I need you to listen to me.

*[Agent Sunny reluctantly allows her body to relax.]*

**Sunny:** I thought you were just an anomalous cultures scholar before all this. Where did you learn combat medicine like this? 

**Davy:** Combat medicine? Sunny, this is just basic first aid.

**Sunny:** Still!

**Davy:** I... I always wanted to be an MTF agent, you know? So when I wasn't busy with research, I was studying MTF logs and trying to learn whatever I could so that I could actually join a team someday. 

*[They chuckle.]*

**Davy:** It's really easy to read about people fighting monsters, though. It's all so different when you're actually there. 

**Zacharias:** HUMANS HAVE THIS WEIRD TENDENCY TO LOOK AT SOMEONE DOING SOMETHING AND GOING "YEAH I CAN TOTALLY DO THAT BETTER THAN THAT TRAINED GUY." YOU'RE STUPID LIKE THAT.

**Davy:** Yeah, I'd say you're right this time. 

**Zacharias:** I'M ALWAYS RIGHT. 

**Davy:** Sunny... I'm sorry. I'm really, really sorry. I let anxiety overwhelm me and started making stupid spur-of-the-moment decisions instead of just listening to you. I didn't do it because I thought I knew better, I just-

**Sunny:** You disobeyed several of my direct orders and put yourself in danger several points during that fight. Your actions could've easily gotten you killed.

**Davy:** I know! That's why-

**Sunny:** But you also saved my life, and Zacharias's too.

**Zacharias:** MY LIFE WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN IN DANGER IF YOU ALL HADN'T LITERALLY DRAGGED ME HERE. 

**Sunny:** I tried to shoulder too much there and treated you like a child. I'm sorry for that. I'm not going to pretend you didn't screw up. You psyching yourself out early in that fight did cause problems, but I should've been less risky myself in trying to keep you safe.

**Davy:** ...Well, let me treat you like a child a bit then. Lay down, hold still, and rest for now. I'm sure your watch is blowing up like it was earlier, but we can't get anything done with you in this condition. 

**Sunny:** Yeah, you're probably right there. 

**Davy:** I'm always right.

**Zacharias:** I DON'T APPRECIATE PLAGIARISM.

**Davy:** I'm going to get you some water. Hang tight.

*[Davy rises to their feet and walks towards the lake. Zacharias casts a glance at Sunny before being dragged off his feet behind Davy. He scrambles to stand and begins walking.]*

**Zacharias:** HEY.

**Davy:** Hm?

**Zacharias:** EXPLAIN SOMETHING TO ME.

*[Davy leans down to the lake with an empty water bottle. They dip it in, shooing away several small aquatic creatures that attempt to swim into it]*

**Davy:** What's that?

**Zacharias:** WHY DO YOU CARE SO MUCH ABOUT HER? WHY NOT JUST LET HER TAKE CARE OF HERSELF? 

**Davy:** What do you mean?

**Zacharias:** DOES IT NOT MAKE MORE SENSE TO CONTINUE WITH YOUR MISSION AND LEAVE HER TO HER OWN DEVICES? SHE'S SLOWING YOU DOWN, AND YOU DON'T HAVE THE TIME TO WAIT AROUND FOR HER. WHY NOT CUT THE LOSSES AND KEEP GOING?

**Davy:** That'd be pretty cruel, wouldn't it? Just leaving a teammate behind?

**Zacharias:** BUT IT'S LOGICAL! FUCKING HELL IT'S WHAT THE FLOCK DOES ALL THE TIME. SOMEONE NOT PULLING THEIR WEIGHT? SLOWING THE MISSION DOWN? DUMP THAT ASSHOLE! WE SHOULDN'T ALL SUFFER BECAUSE ONE PERSON FUCKED UP.

**Davy:** I'm not just going to abandon a teammate when they need me, Zacharias. As for the mission... we'll figure it out. Right, we'll figure it out.

**Zacharias:** YOU DON'T SEEM CONVINCED.

**Davy:** Well, no of course I'm not! All of this is insane to me, you know? I'm doubting literally every single thing I do. Like this water? How do I know it's not just poison?! 

**Zacharias:** IT'S WATER, DUMBASS.

**Davy:** Great, great. But you get my point, right? 

**Zacharias:** NO, I GOT LOST IN YOUR POISON WATER TANGENT.

**Davy:** I'm not going to just leave a teammate to die. Even if it *terrifies* me, I'm going to do what I can to save her. I think she'd do the same for me.

*[Zacharias is quiet, staring at his reflection in the lake. Davy finishes filling the bottle and stands.]*

**Davy:** That was kinda corny, huh? 

**Zacharias:** THAT WAS NOTHING BUT CHEESE, AND IT REEKS. I DON'T UNDERSTAND YOU HUMANS, ESPECIALLY YOU FOUNDATION-TYPES. BUT...

*[Zacharias's eyes fall onto the sigil drawn on him.]*

**Zacharias:** ...HMPH. MAYBE HUMANS ARE JUST SAPPY, SENTIMENTAL CREATURES. 

**Davy:** Maybe we are. What about it?

*[Davy cracks a smile. Zacharias clicks his beak in disapproval.]*

**Zacharias:** DO WHAT YOU CAN TO SAVE YOURSELF AND GET THE MISSION DONE. THAT'S HOW THE FLOCK OPERATES, AND WE'VE NEVER FAILED WITH THAT. 

**Davy:** What about the people you've lost with that mentality? Doesn't it bother you, even a bit?

**Zacharias:** SHOULD IT? MEMBERS OF THE FLOCK DIE ALL THE TIME. IF I MOURNED EVERY PERSON WHO DIED OR GOT LEFT BEHIND DUE TO THEIR OWN MISTAKES I'D BE WHERE THEY ARE. INSTEAD, I'M SMART AND I'M ALIVE. 

*[Agent Davy is silent as the two walk back to Agent Sunny. Davy hands her the bottle, and she drinks. After a few minutes, she appears to fall asleep.]*

**Davy:** There. Let's let her rest for a bit before we try to move on. 

*[Davy and Zacharias sit down next to Agent Sunny as she sleeps. Zacharias begins drawing in the dirt.]*

**Davy:** What's that you're drawing?

*[Zacharias flares out his wings in an attempt to obscure the drawing.]*

**Davy:** Oh come on, I'm not going to laugh at you.

**Zacharias:** I'M NOT EMBARRASSED. IT'S JUST TOO MUCH FOR YOUR WEAK HUMAN EYES. TOO POWERFUL AND PROFOUND. REALLY AVANT-GARDE. YOU WOULDN'T GET IT.

**Davy:** Try me.

*[Zacharias sighs and pulls away, revealing a circle with a simple pattern within. The lines are reminiscent of the Japanese kanji for "crow".]*

**Zacharias:** GO AHEAD AND LAUGH AT ME, FREAK. I KNOW YOU WANT TO.

**Davy:** Why would I? It's nice. It kinda looks like you.

*[Zacharias puffs out his chest with pride.]*

**Zacharias:** OF COURSE! I'M THE BEST MUSE POSSIBLE AFTER ALL. 

*[Davy leans over, and begins recreating the drawing in the ground with their finger.]*

**Davy:** This looks kinda like one of those sigil things.

**Zacharias:** BECAUSE IT IS. IT'S THE SIGIL OF THE FLOCK, IT REPRESENTS OUR POWER. IF SOMEONE ELSE DREW IT OUT AND USED IT, THEY'D GET A BIT OF OUR POWER. AS LONG AS ONE OF US ACCEPTED THEM. CAN'T JUST LET ANY OLD FUCKER GO BORROWING POWER THAT COOL.

**Davy:** What kind of power would that be?

*[Zacharias hops back and forth while speaking, his tail bobbing up and down.]*

**Zacharias:** AMAZING, HUGE, GREAT POWER! YOU'LL BE ABLE TO FLY! YOU'LL HAVE A GREAT EYE FOR SHINY THINGS! YOUR FEATHERS WILL BE GORGEOUSLY GLOSSY! HONESTLY, I'M NOT SURE WHY YOU'D EVER USE ANYONE ELSE'S SIGIL.

*[Davy finishes their recreation of the sigil. It glows faintly.]*

**Davy:** Hey, you've lived here a long time, right?

**Zacharias:** ABOUT 300 YEARS NOW I THINK? YOU LOSE TRACK AFTER THE FIRST CENTURY HONESTLY.

**Davy:** What was that "mandate" thing Cabrackan mentioned?

**Zacharias:** THE MANDATE? AH YEAH, THE DREAMSCAPE MANDATE. SIGNED BETWEEN THE FOUNDATION AND THE GODS THAT LIVE HERE. TO PUT IT IN A WAY YOU CAN UNDERSTAND, IT WAS A PROMISE THAT THE FOUNDATION WOULD HELP KEEP ALL THE GODS ALIVE IN EXCHANGE FOR PARTICULARLY DISRUPTIVE ONES STAYING HERE AND NOT GOING TO THE WAKING WORLD. 

**Davy:** "Keep the gods alive?" Wait, I think I remember something about that. Something Rusty said, about concepts being weak?

**Zacharias:** ALMOST THERE. WHAT KEEPS A GOD ALIVE? 

**Davy:** I'll be honest, I have no idea.

**Zacharias:** THEN YOUR ASS IS LUCKY I'M HERE TO EXPLAIN! WORSHIP, WORSHIP KEEPS GODS ALIVE. MOST OF US ARE GOOD AT JUST BEING VAGUELY KNOWN OR REMEMBERED, OR WITH HUMANS THINKING AND REMEMBERING OUR DOMAINS EXIST. OTHERS NEED TO BE KEPT ALIVE THROUGH MORE DIRECT MEANS, HAVING THEIR ACTUAL NAMES IN PUBLIC CONSCIOUSNESS. 

**Davy:** You said "most of us". Are you saying you're a god?

**Zacharias:** FUCK YEAH I AM. KINDA. SORTA. I'M ONE OF THE FLOCK, THE GODS OF CROWS. 

**Davy:** That's pretty impressive! 

**Zacharias:** FINALLY! SOME RECOGNITION! GO AHEAD, PRAISE ME SOME MORE. 

**Davy:** So I guess that means you're pretty safe then since people think about crows decently often?

**Zacharias:** WHERE'D THE PRAISE GO? ...BUT YEAH, THE FLOCK IS FINE. OUR NUMBERS FLUCTUATE IN RESPONSE TO HOW OFTEN PEOPLE THINK ABOUT CROWS, BUT OVERALL WE'RE FINE. 

**Davy:** ...But then why did Chuck die? People think about groundhogs often enough, right? And weather is such an active part of people's lives that he should be completely fine.

**Zacharias:** I-

**Davy:** And in Cabrackan's case? Why was he worried? Earthquakes and mountains are basically always there, he shouldn't be even a little concerned about fading away-

**Zacharias:** WE DON'T KNOW, ALRIGHT? GODS ARE VANISHING LEFT AND RIGHT NOW, GODS OF CONCEPTS THAT SHOULD NEVER FADE. EVER HEARD OF POSHILL PANTS?

**Davy:** ...No? 

**Zacharias:** UGLIEST GODDAMN CLOTHES I EVER SAW HUMANS WEAR, WITH AN EQUALLY UGLY GOD TO MATCH. EASY GUY TO ROB. MADE GREAT GUACAMOLE. ANYWAY, HE'S DEAD NOW, LONG GONE, AND THAT'S WHY YOU DON'T REMEMBER POSHILL PANTS. HE'S LONG FORGOTTEN NOW. THAT'S WHY PEOPLE ARE SCARED, AND THAT'S WHY THEY WANT TO BREACH THROUGH INTO YOUR WORLD. NO ONE WANTS TO BE FORGOTTEN, AND THERE ARE PEOPLE OUT HERE WILLING TO DO WHATEVER IT TAKES TO ENSURE THAT THEY DON'T FADE AWAY. THEY'RE HOPING TO GET WORSHIP THE OLD-FASHIONED WAY, DIRECT FROM THE SOURCE. 

**Davy:** Subjugation, then?

**Zacharias:** IN SOME CASES, YEAH. AND YOU'VE SEEN WHAT HAPPENS WHEN SOMEONE FADES WITH NO ONE TO TAKE THEIR DOMAIN OVER, RIGHT?

**Davy:** Yeah, yeah I have.

**Zacharias:** YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW LUCKY YOU ARE HERE. I'M NOT SURE WHY CHUCK'S SOUL RETURNED TO THE DREAMSCAPE INSTEAD OF JUST GOING *POOF*, BUT YOU'VE GOT AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE THINGS OK AGAIN.

*[Davy looks to Agent Sunny, still asleep.]*

**Davy:** I just hope we aren't too late. 

**Zacharias:** MY TURN, HUMAN. WHAT'S YOUR WHOLE DEAL? 

**Davy:** What do you mean?

**Zacharias:** YOU'RE SOME BLEEDING HEART FREAK WHO WORKED IN "CULTURAL STUDY", WHATEVER THE HELL THAT'S SUPPOSED TO BE, AND NOW YOU'RE OVER HERE CLEARLY OUT OF YOUR ELEMENT. YOU WERE DODGY ABOUT IT EARLIER, SO WHAT'S THE DEAL? 

**Davy:** Can you keep a secret?

**Zacharias:** NO.

**Davy:** Then my lips are sealed.

**Zacharias:** OH COME ON! PLEASE? PRETTY PLEASE? 

**Davy:** ...Fine, I guess I can tell you. I just... didn't feel like I actually had a place where I was working before. Like I said I worked researching Fae and Yeren and stuff. That's all nice, but I never really felt like I was a part of anything all that important, or like the work I did really mattered. I was working for a new project lead every week, and the people I worked with were always changing. There were two weeks where I was working for a new boss every few days. Every time I made any sort of progress on my research, the project was passed to someone else and I was shuffled somewhere new. 

*[Davy stretches out before laying out on their back. They pat the ground next to them, and Zacharias hops over to their side. They stroke Zacharias's head. Zacharias resists for a moment, before leaning in to their touch.]*

**Davy:** I saw a job posting for this team, and I figured "Why not," you know? Why not give it a shot? I always wanted to do real fieldwork, join a stable team. Maybe I'd get the chance to feel like I was doing stuff that mattered, or like I could finally stand out.

**Zacharias:** WHEN YOU RUN WITH A FLOCK IT'S PRETTY EASY TO GET SHUFFLED IN THE CROWD. THE BOSS DOESN'T EVEN KNOW MY NAME. KEEPS CALLING ME KEVIN. 

**Davy:** My last boss didn't know my name, either. Kept calling me Scott or Bryan.  

**Zacharias:** BOSSES ARE ASSHOLES, AREN'T THEY, TYLER? 

*[Davy cracks a smile and gives Zacharias a playful nudge.]*

**Davy:** Oh, screw you! 

**Zacharias:** ...I HOPE YOU GET WHAT YOU'RE LOOKING FOR. 

**Davy:** Yeah...

*[Davy leans back, watching a large, fuzzy worm crawl along a nearby stalagmite.]*

**Davy:** You too, Zacharias. 

*[For a brief moment, Agent Sunny can be seen smiling.]*

---

@@ @@

Weather Report

---

**Location:** Swan Quarter, North Carolina

**Phenomenon:** Several large wildfires occur across local marshlands. Notably, materials burned at a steady rate regardless of how saturated they were with water.   

**Response:** Foundation aid unavailable. Wildfires continue to burn at the time of writing. 

---

**Location:** Macon, Georgia

**Phenomenon:** Blizzard conditions envelop the city, and local temperatures drop to -10 degrees Celsius. A column of wind and snow surrounding the city prevents entry.  

**Response:** Foundation personnel within the city are currently believed to be coordinating with the local government to provide aid where possible. A basic crisis response plan was communicated via radio signal before communications with the city were lost entirely.

---

**Location:** Nanticoke, Pennsylvania

**Phenomenon:** Atmospheric winds continue to converge over Site-58, increasing in intensity. Weather through the city alternates between heavy rain, snow, and winds. 

**Response:** Site-58 issues a state of emergency, and all available Foundation resources are diverted in preparation for the potential escalation of the crisis. 

---

*[Agent Sunny wakes up after an hour, and attempts to stretch before wincing, grabbing at her injured side.]*

**Davy:** Careful. Have some more water.

**Sunny:** Thanks.

*[She drinks from the water bottle once more. Once finished, she allows Davy to help her to her feet. Once standing she checks her watch and grimaces.]*

**Davy:** Are you going to be ok to continue?

**Sunny:** We don't have much of a choice. Look.

*[Sunny holds her watch up to Davy.]*

**Davy:** Holy crap, that's quite the storm.

**Zacharias:** LET ME SEE.

**Sunny:** It's right over 58, too. Something big is happening, and we're running out of time.

**Zacharias:** I WANNA SEE TOO.

**Davy:** Seriously, are you going to be ok though? 

**Sunny:** I'll be ok. If something comes up... we'll figure it out.

**Zacharias:** PLEASE SHOW ME I WANT TO BE INCLUDED.

*[Davy grabs Zacharias and holds him up to Sunny's watch.]*

**Zacharias:** HOLY SHIT FUCK, YEAH THAT'S BAD. I'D SAY YOU'VE GOT LIKE TWO HOURS LEFT, GIVE OR TAKE.

**Davy:** Well that's just great. Even if we get Chuck back, how do we get him back to his body in time? 

**Sunny:** Mammon has mirrors. I'm sure we can use one of them to get back. 

**Davy:** I'm not going to question how that works.

**Sunny:** You've grown up so much on this mission, I'm so proud of you.

*[Ageny Sunny playfully pinches Agent Davy's cheek as they set Zacharias back down.]*

**Sunny:** Alright, birdbrain. March. 

**Zacharias:** ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT. NO NEED TO GET SNIPPY. 

*[Zacharias leads the way once more. The group arrives at the end of the tunnel, an overlook into a massive chamber. A waterfall pours water down from an unknown source that pools into a clear lake at the bottom of the chamber. In the lake sits a large galleon. The galleon is in pristine condition and has been retrofitted with several rows of lights along its hull and mast that illuminate the cavern. Its gangplank is deployed, with two spotlights sitting at the end aimed towards the cavern ceiling, rotating slowly. There is a large sign suspended over the gangplank reading "MAMMON'S CASINO AND NIGHTCLUB." A parade of creatures of varying shapes and sizes can be seen entering.]*

**Davy:** I'll be honest, the way that we were talking about this place I thought it was going to be less...? 

**Sunny:** Gaudy? Devoid of any semblance of taste? I mean you take a beautiful ship and completely gut it like he did! 

**Zacharias:** COME ON IT ISN'T THAT BAD.

**Davy:** I was going to say less obvious, but "affront to taste and style" works fine too.

**Zacharias:** IT'S REALLY NOT... OH SHIT, I NEVER REALLY GOT A LOOK AT IT BEFORE. YEAH, THAT THING LOOKS LIKE SHIT.

*[The three laugh to themselves as they begin descending down a path into the cavern. Halfway down, Zacharias throws his wings out to stop them.]*

**Zacharias:** HOLD IT!

**Sunny:** Hm? What's wrong?

*[Zacharias stomps the ground. The ground shakes for a moment before collapsing away into itself, fading into nothing and leaving a large gap in the path. He turns back to the others with a slight smile.]*

**Zacharias:** THIS SHIT PIT'S FALLING APART.

**Sunny:** You lying little bastard, you *knew* that was there and didn't bother to tell me when I specifically asked you about traps earlier! 

**Zacharias:** I KNEW IT WAS HERE BUT IT'S NOT A TRAP. IT'S JUST POOR UPKEEP. EITHER WAY, I WARNED YOU ABOUT IT BEFORE YOU FELL IN, RIGHT? I COULD'VE VERY EASILY JUST LET YOU DIE HERE. HOW ABOUT SOME PRAISE?

**Sunny:** I suppose you did, didn't you? Well done.

*[Zacharias coos contentedly. Sunny sidles up to the wall and motions for Davy to do the same. The two slowly begin stepping along the wall, careful to avoid the gap.]*

**Davy:** Why the heck wouldn't Mammon try to make sure the path to his... casino thing is in decent condition?

**Zacharias:** BECAUSE HE'S A SELFISH, GREEDY MOTHERFUCKER AND THERE AREN'T MANY PEOPLE WHO WANT TO TAKE THIS ENTRANCE ANYWAY. MOST GUESTS COME IN FROM THE OTHER SIDE OF THE CAVES VIA THE BOAT TOUR. 

**Davy:** Aww why couldn't we come in that way?

**Sunny:** Focus.

**Zacharias:** LUCKY FOR YOU ALL AGAIN, YOU HAVE ME. I'M YOUR CHEAP TICKET IN. LET'S MOVE. 

*[The group descends into the cavern and approaches the gangplank. Before they can enter, two massive, golden serpents rise from the water on either side and block the approach. Each is identical, with a set of three golden horns and feathery green frills that appear to be paper currency framing their heads. They speak in tandem with a low hiss.]*

**Serpents:** Only *invited* guests may pass.

**Zacharias:** WATCH, JUST GOTTA TURN ON THE CHARM. HEYYYY FÁFNIR WHAT'S SHAKING?

*[Fáfnir glares, unimpressed. Zacharias shrugs.]*

**Zacharias:** SO! I'VE GOT SOME AMBASSADORS HERE FROM THE FOUNDATION THAT WANT TO TALK TO THE BOSS. IF YOU COULD JUST SCOOCH ASIDE AND LET US IN THAT WOULD BE BALLER. I'VE GOT FLOCK CLEARANCE AND ALL THAT, SO-

**Fáfnir:** You? The boss was very clear to me that the fledgling traveling with the Foundation was no longer to be permitted entry.

**Zacharias:** I'M DEFINITELY SURE YOU'RE MISREMEMBERING. IT'S ME, ZACHARIAS. I'M LIKE ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT OF THE FLOCK, AND I DEFINITELY OUTRANK YOU. I WAS TRYING TO BE NICE, BUT SINCE YOU'RE BEING DIFFICULT I'M NOT GONNA BE ANYMORE. MOVE YOUR ASS AND LET US IN.

*[Zacharias pushes against Fáfnir. The serpent does not budge.]*

**Fáfnir:** I care not who you were, fledgling. Your status and title are null to Mammon, and thus null to me. Foundation dogs as well. Begone with you all.

**Zacharias:** YOU HAVE *GOT* TO BE JOKING WITH ME RIGHT NOW. I DON'T APPRECIATE THIS, FÁFNIR. THE BOSS WOULDN'T JUST-

**Fáfnir:** Revoke your position? Turn you into a lost little godling? I'm afraid he has. Now, I shall not ask again. Cease embarrassing yourselves and begone before I use force. 

**Sunny:** I'm afraid "begone" isn't really an option. We've got an important appointment with Mammon to keep, I'm sure you understand. 

*[Sunny feigns grabbing her side in pain, slipping out her gun. She holds it behind her back, motioning for Davy to take it. They take a moment, but grab it from her.]*

**Fáfnir:** Fine words from someone already injured. Do not pretend I cannot smell the blood staining your clothes. 

**Sunny:** Davy, if you would?

*[Davy draws the gun, aiming it at one of Fáfnir's eyes with unsteady hands. They take a shot that misses the target, instead ricocheting off Fáfnir's brow. Fáfnir recoils and hisses. Sunny grabs Davy's hands and adjusts their aim.]*

**Sunny:** No, no. Calm the nerves and control the shot. Aim exactly where you want to shoot. Make sure it lines up...

*[Fáfnir lunges towards the agents.]*

**Sunny:** NOW!

*[Davy takes another shot directly into Fáfnir's open mouth. It blows through the back of the serpent's throat. The head pauses, stunned for a moment, before collapsing over back into the water. The other head bellows and lunges.]*

**Zacharias:** HOLD UP!

*[Zacharias takes flight and rushes between Fáfnir and the agents. He spreads his wings wide, throwing a motley assortment of various shining objects into Fáfnir's face and throat. The serpent recoils and sputters, spitting out rocks and bottlecaps as it attempts to breathe.]*

**Zacharias:** MOVE MOVE MOVE!

*[Agents Davy and Sunny rush onto the ship as Fáfnir continues sputtering and choking.]*

**Davy:** Neat trick, how did you-

**Zacharias:** GOD OF CROWS. PEOPLE ASSOCIATE CROWS WITH PICKING UP SHINY THINGS, SO THE FLOCK CAN SUMMON SHINY THINGS WHEN NEEDED.

**Fáfnir:** Get back here, you shall NOT disturb the boss you rejected grease stain!

*[Fáfnir whips its head towards the agents. Zacharias once again intercepts it, flying towards its left eye and pecking at it.]*

**Zacharias:** CALL ME A GREASE STAIN, BETTER GET YOUR FUCKING EYES CHECKED. 

*[Fáfnir screams and thrashes as Zacharias continues assaulting its eye.]*

**Zacharias:** MOVE YOU TWO, GET THOSE ASSES IN GEAR. I'LL BE RIGHT THERE. 

*[Agents Davy and Sunny flee into the ship. Zacharias is suddenly yanked off after them. Davy slams the door behind them.]*

**Zacharias:** OH RIGHT. BINDING BLOOD SIGIL. I FORGOT ABOUT THAT. 

**Davy:** Guess it came in handy, then? 

**Sunny:** Which way to Mammon, Zacharias?

**Zacharias:** THAT WAY. 

*[Fáfnir is heard banging against the door as the group descends into the ship. They arrive at a massive, opulent gambling hall decorated with trims of gold, black, and red. A towering golden statue of a slender, sharp-nosed man with feathery hair stands in the center of the room, posed dramatically with his arms outstretched. Zacharias mutters something unintelligible under his breath before motioning for the group to continue.]*

*[They walk down the hall, past a myriad of strange creatures sitting at various machines and gambling tables. They go unnoticed by the patrons and staff alike as they approach a set of double doors. Zacharias traces a circle and a series of complex lines into the floor before the doors with his talons and then pushes against them. The sigil does not glow, and the doors do not open. He attempts to draw it once more and pushes against the doors. Once again the sigil does not glow and the doors do not open.]*

**Zacharias:** HAHA, THAT'S WEIRD. I MUST HAVE FORGOTTEN IT SOMEHOW. GUESS EVEN I MAKE MISTAKES, EH?

**Sunny:** Zachy...

*[He attempts once more, but once again fails. He kicks the door in frustration and screams out.]*

**Zacharias:** FUCKING **COME ON.** I WORK MY *ASS* OFF FOR YOU FOR MY ENTIRE LIFE. EVERYTHING I DO IS IN DEDICATION TO WHATEVER BULLSHIT WHIM YOU DECIDE IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IN THE WORLD, AND NOW IT'S LIKE I DON'T FUCKING MATTER? 

**Davy:** Zacharias, it's-

**Zacharias:** OK? SURE, REALLY FUCKING EASY TO SAY IT'S OK. I TOLD YOU BEFORE YOU FOUNDATION TYPES ARE LUCKY AND YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW IT. 

*[Zacharias traces the sigil out once more, and proceeds to bang his head against the door.]*

**Zacharias:** YOU'RE ALLOWED TO LIVE YOUR OWN GODDAMN LIVES. US? WE EXIST FOR *HIM*. 

*[He motions to the statue.]*

**Zacharias:** AND NOW WHAT? I'M NOT FUCKING RECOGNIZED ANYMORE. ALREADY GOT ABANDONED BY THE FLOCK WHEN YOU ALL SHOWED UP. THEY WERE TOTALLY WILLING TO JUST LET ME DIE, RIGHT THERE. THAT'S JUST HOW THINGS *ARE*, IT'S FINE. IT'S SMART. BUT FOR WHATEVER FUCKING REASON BOSS DECIDED HE DOESN'T... WANT ME ANYMORE?

*[Zacharias sniffles.]* 

**Zacharias:** SO NOW WHAT? WHAT HAPPENS NOW?

*[He kicks the door again before falling to the floor, staring at it.]*

**Zacharias:** WHAT NOW?

*[Sunny walks over and gently pats Zacharias's head.]*

**Sunny:** We get in there and have a *polite* conversation with Mammon about some poor business decisions is what we do.

*[She traces a new sigil in the ground, different from the one that Zacharias drew prior. The sigil begins to glow, and the ground appears to heat up.]*

**Sunny:** You might want to stand back.

---

@@ @@

Weather Report

---

**Location:** Nanticoke, Pennsylvania

**Phenomenon:** What remains of SCP-7679's body begins levitating within its chamber. Several bolts of lighting, snow, rain, and wind begin erupting from the corpse. 

**Response:** SCP-7679's chamber is secured and Site-58 enters lockdown procedures. The town of Nanticoke is evacuated. 

---

*[A large explosion of light and fire erupts from the sigil drawn by Agent Sunny. When the smoke clears, the doors have been blown open. An alarm is heard going off, and several large, golden humanoids in suits wielding large clubs begin to flood the gambling hall. The patrons appear undisturbed.]*

**Sunny:** In. In in in in in in in now, please.

*[The agents and Zacharias dart into the room and shut the doors behind them. Agent Sunny jabs her thumb into the wound in her side, which has reopened, and draws a new sigil on the door. Several loud thuds are heard from the other side as the doors buckle. They do not open.]*

**Sunny:** There, we're good for a bit. That sigil won't last forever so let's make this quick. Grab Chuck, find a mirror, and get the hell outta dodge. 

**Davy:** Sounds like a good plan.

*[The group walks down a short hall into an office. The office is decorated the same as the rest of the casino, with opulent fixtures and furniture trimmed in reds and golds. Behind a large mahogany desk in the center of the room sits a humanoid identical to the statue in the main gambling hall. His "hair" is really black feathers with golden tips that cover his head and frame the sides of his face. He sighs, placing the pen he was holding back into a jar and closing the open book on his desk. He rests his elbows on the desk and folds his fingers.]*   

**Mammon:** Foundation, what a...

*[He pauses, pursing his lips.]*

**Mammon:** *Delight* to see you. I would invite you to sit, but I would rather you not get too comfortable. 

**Zacharias:** BOSS! WHY THE HELL COULDN'T I GET IN? WHAT'S ALL THIS BULLSHIT ABOUT ME NOT BEING RECOGNIZED ANYMORE?

**Mammon:** I would ask that you cease your senseless squawking you twit. Seriously, you can't have expected me to just allow a key into my office to remain in Foundation custody? No, absolutely not. 

**Zacharias:** BUT I'M-

**Mammon:** Very important and *very* special, I'm sure. You all say the same thing, but at the end of the day, you know as well as I do that you are expendable. Unfortunately for you, you were simply an asset I was willing to expend. Nothing personal... er, Sean, was it? Whatever it was. 

**Zacharias:** YOU MOTHERFU-

*[Davy scoops up Zacharias before he can hop onto Mammon's desk and clamps his beak shut. Zacharias thrashes against the hold.]*

**Mammon:** *Thank you.* Honestly sometimes they aren't even worth the trouble. The least they could do is die when they get cut off. Every time one actually makes it back to me it's the same song and dance. 

**Sunny:** Now why would you not want us to have a key to your office in the first place, huh? Ignoring the incredibly shitty thing you did to Zacharias here, I could've sworn we had an understanding that the Foundation was permitted access to your office at all times should the need arise. 

*[Mammon waves his hand dismissively.]*

**Mammon:** Bah! Deals change! 

*[He rises to his feet.]*

**Mammon:** And the times are changing. I know you can feel it, same as I do. 

*[Mammon raises his shirt, revealing a tiny sizzling scar in his side.]*

**Davy:** Wait, that's just like-

**Sunny:** I'm not an idiot, Mammon. We already had a long conversation with Cabrackan about the same damn thing.

**Mammon:** That would explain why you look worse than usual. 

**Sunny:** Just hand over Chuck and we'll be gone, simple as that. Show us where he is.

*[Mammon smirks, pulling back the curtain behind his desk and revealing a large glass cage. Within the cage is what remains of SCP-7679's soul, in the advanced stages of decomposition. Little more than SCP-7679's arms and head remain. It looks to the agents with a sorrowful expression and vocalizes in pain.]*

**Mammon:** Pathetic, isn't it? This is what happens when humanity is allowed to forget their predecessors. You want to know why our deal changed, Foundation? It changed because *you failed*. You allowed humanity to continue to forget us. This pathetic... thing here is only fading because you refuse to keep us alive. 

**Sunny:** The Foundation is *trying*, but peeling back the veil is a steady process. We can't just-

**Mammon:** You have had time upon time to act. I will not suffer excuses further, nor will I be handing over Mr. Storms to you all. 

**Davy:** Why? Literally, what could you possibly gain from this?

**Sunny:** He wants Chuck's domain.

*[Mammon claps his hands together.]*

**Mammon:** Brilliant! Though I suppose the Goddess of Sparks would know a thing or two about how these things work.

**Davy:** Wait, you're...?

**Sunny:** The Goddess of Sparks, like he said. Yes. Sorry, I didn't tell you or anything, it wasn't meant to be a secret or really even a surprise. Just didn't get a chance to mention it is all. 

*[Agent Sunny traces over the sizzling burn in her side.]*

**Sunny:** And yeah I get it. Trust me I wish the Foundation would move faster too, but that's not my call to make. We're *all* starting to fade here, Mammon, but we have the chance to actually save someone! We have the chance to return Chuck's soul to his body, and all the bullshit happening in the waking world can calm back down long enough to give us a chance to-

**Mammon:** Enough, enough. I don't need to hear any heroic speeches. This is completely tiresome. The weather in the waking world will stabilize once Mr. Storms is dead and I've inherited his domain. 

**Davy:** Again, what do you even gain here? 

**Mammon:** Are you even listening? Sincerely, Senna, where does your Foundation find these boobs? If you bothered to use whatever lump of flesh you have rattling around between your ears you would realize that his domain becoming *mine* allows me to inherit his place in the human mind. I can stave off death, kept alive as the God of Greed, Wealth, *and Weather*. 

**Sunny:** Taking a domain is meant to be an *inheritance*. It's meant to be consensual, not some ridiculous attempt to borrow more time. 

*[Mammon pinches the bridge of his nose.]*

**Mammon:** One does what one *must*. If the Foundation refuses to be proactive, then I shall. We don't have much longer until Mr. Storms fades, anyway. Now, I once again must ask that you leave. 

*[He snaps his fingers. Four security guards manifest in the room. Agent Davy begins chewing at the tip of their thumb, maintaining their hold on Zacharias.]*

**Mammon:** If you won't go willingly, I will simply- oh good grief. You there? Stop sucking your thumb like a literal infant, it's embarrassing to watch. 

**Davy:** Oh, sorry.

*[Davy removes their thumb from their mouth. They loosen their grip on Zacharias, and poke him in the back before rubbing at the back of their hand with their thumb.]*

**Zacharias:** WHAT THE HELL WAS- *OH*. 

*[Zacharias gives Davy a quick nod.]*

**Sunny:** I have made myself clear, Mammon. We're taking Chuck back with us. 

**Mammon:** And I have made *myself* clear in saying that there is no transaction to be had here. Security!

*[The guards rush towards the agents. Before they can make it, Agent Davy shouts and throws out a motley assortment of shining objects that cover the floor. The guards slip on them, falling to the ground one by one.]*

**Mammon:** What the hell was that?

*[Agent Davy holds up their hand. On the back is the sigil of The Flock, drawn in blood.]*

**Zacharias:** COULD USE A LITTLE WORK, BUT I'VE SEEN WORSE FIRST TRIES. CREDIT DUE FOR DRAWING IT FROM MEMORY AND WITHOUT LOOKING THOUGH. 

**Mammon:** Simple parlor tricks aren't going to- MY EYES!

*[Davy throws another assortment of shining objects directly at Mammon, striking him across the face. Agent Sunny seizes the opportunity and runs over to the cage containing SCP-7679. She takes out her gun and begins smashing the butt against the glass. The glass begins to crack under the impacts.]*

**Mammon:** Cease this foolishness at once! 

*[Mammon turns to Agent Sunny and attempts to pull her away from the cage. She struggles against him, focusing her efforts on breaking the glass, before he pulls her down to the floor.]*

**Davy:** Sunny! 

*[Agent Davy attempts to run over to assist, but is blocked by the security guards who have regained their footing. Two restrain them and pull their arms out to either side, causing Davy to drop Zacharias. A third guard sucker punches Davy while another grabs Zacharias in one hand and begins to tighten its grip.]*

**Zacharias:** HEY! DAVY! REMEMBER WHAT I TOLD YOU EARLIER? 

**Davy:** Wh-what?

**Zacharias:** I'M REALLY FUCKING COOL, AND I CAN DO SOME REALLY FUCKING COOL STUFF.

*[Davy is confused for a moment before a look of realization falls on their face. They leap directly upwards into the air. The two guards restraining their arms are yanked into one another, unprepared for the sudden upward movement. The third attempts to punch Davy once more as they leap but misses, falling into the other two. Agent Davy floats in the air, looking at the sigil on the back of their hand with glee.]*

*[Zacharias cries out as the guard continues tightening its grip. Davy flies over and takes the guard by surprise, kicking it in the head and knocking it off its feet. It releases Zacharias, who takes flight.]*

**Zacharias:** NOT BAD, HUMAN. WITH A LITTLE PRACTICE YOU'LL BE ALMOST AS COOL AS ME. 

*[Davy begins to fly towards Sunny, but is stopped.]*

**Sunny:** Focus, Davy! Get Chuck out!

*[Davy nods. He flies over to Mammon's desk and grabs his chair. He swings the chair at the cage and continues cracking the glass. Mammon attempts to rise to his feet and grab Davy's leg, but he is pulled back to the ground and placed into a headlock by Sunny. Davy brings the chair to the glass once more, shattering it. The soul of SCP-7679 recoils at first, before making a contented vocalization and fleeing. It vanishes.]*

**Davy:** Is that it?! Did we do it?!

**Mammon:** You damned IDIOTS! 

*[Mammon attempts to escape Agent Sunny's grip but fails as she tightens her hold. The guards return to their feet and begin moving toward Sunny. She draws her gun and presses it against Mammon's temple.]*

**Sunny:** You know the drill, golden boys. I pull this trigger and he's dead, and there's no getting his soul back. I can say for sure that becoming the Goddess of Sparks and Greed isn't something I'm opposed to.

**Mammon:** ...Do what she says. 

*[The guards back down, turning and leaving the room. Agent Sunny lowers her gun and releases her hold. She and Mammon return to their feet. Mammon brushes himself off and straightens his feathers.]*

**Mammon:** This will not delay the inevitable, Foundation. You know well as I do that Mr. Storms is surviving entirely on borrowed time. This *will* happen again, and with even more gods.

**Sunny:** We'll figure it out. And Mammon?

**Mammon:** What? Speak. 

*[Sunny places a hand on Mammon's shoulder and squeezes. He recoils but is unable to pull away.]*

**Sunny:** If you try to pull a stunt like this again, I will thrash your ass so thoroughly that you will never sit again. Am I clear?

**Mammon:** Yes, crystal. Now unhand me. 

*[Sunny releases her grip. Mammon steps back, rubbing his shoulder.]* 

**Sunny:** Now, where's your closest mirror?

*[Mammon points to one near the back of the room. Agent Sunny nods and walks over, biting down on her thumb. Agent Davy follows alongside Zacharias.]*

**Mammon:** Hold, crow. Where are you going?

**Zacharias:** HUH? 

**Mammon:** I don't recall telling you you had permission to leave.

*[Davy opens their mouth to speak, but Sunny places a hand on their shoulder.]*

**Zacharias:** ARE YOU SERIOUS RIGHT NOW?

**Mammon:** You know I don't joke. I don't appreciate your defiance, tone, language, or smell, but I do have to commend you on somehow still managing to bring the Foundation agents here despite everything. As such I will return you your basic title, albeit with a pay cut. 

**Zacharias:** MAN, BOSS, I DUNNO WHAT TO SAY.

**Mammon:** Then shut it, and wait on standby. I'll have something for you to do soon.

**Zacharias:** ACTUALLY, I DO KNOW WHAT TO SAY. 

**Mammon:** Oh?

**Zacharias:** YEAH. GO FUCK YOURSELF, EAT SHIT, AND DIE. IN THAT ORDER. 

Agents Sunny and Davy returned via a mirror in Site-58's first floor breakroom shortly following the transmission of the above alongside a black crow. The crow was initially detained by site security personnel but quickly released per the Agents' request. 

SCP-7679's corpse ceased floating following their return and began reforming. After five hours, SCP-7679 reanimated. All anomalous weather phenomena returned to normal shortly after. 

---

**Addendum 7679.2:** SCP-7679 Observation Log

---

**Observation Log**

**Date:** March 15th, 2024

**<Begin log>**

---

*[Zacharias is seen in SCP-7679's chambers, observing it from a distance as it absentmindedly eats grass. His feathers contain a light golden sheen, with prominent golden tips across his head and neck.]*

*[After a few minutes, Agents Sunny and Davy enter.]*

**Sunny:** Hey, thought you'd be here.

**Zacharias:** WHY'S THAT? 

**Sunny:** Because you've been in here almost every day since the mission ended. That and you're molting feathers. There's a whole trail from your chamber to Chuck's. I do like the gold, by the way.

**Zacharias:** THANKS. I'M NOT REALLY SURE WHERE IT CAME FROM BUT... I DUNNO, FEELS NICE. THE CHAMBER THOUGH? DEFINITELY NOT NICE, AND THE SERVICE HERE IS HOT ASS.

**Davy:** Be patient, Hanneman and Caraway have a small crew and a lot of anomalies to take care of here.

**Zacharias:** I'M NOT SOME FREAKING "ANOMALY" LIKE THE MOUTH BREATHERS HERE. I DESERVE SOME RESPECT. LIKE THIS? THIS THING HERE?

*[He holds up his right leg, motioning to a yellow tag with a barcode that has been affixed around his ankle.]*

**Zacharias:** HUMILIATING. THIS PLACE IS LIKE A PRISON.

**Davy:** Well...

*[Davy scratches the back of their head, revealing a new tattoo on their left forearm. Zacharias's head perks up.]*

**Zacharias:** HOLD UP, IS THAT...?

**Davy:** Your sigil? Yeah, I hope you don't mind. It felt like the best way to commemorate our first mission, y'know?

**Zacharias:** "OUR FIRST MISSION?"

**Davy:** That's actually why we came over here.

**Sunny:** We have an offer for you, if you're interested.

**Zacharias:** OFFER? LIKE A DEAL? I'M ALL EARS. 

**Sunny:** We were talking with the other members of the team, and we reviewed the footage from the SCP-7679 recovery mission.

**Davy:** Lots of footage split between two different bodycams. Those guys got angles and shots I never want to see again.

**Sunny:** To keep it brief, we're interested in making you a member of MTF Chi-58. Interested?

*[Zacharias stares, beak agape. Tears begin to form in his eyes.]*

**Davy:** Are you crying?

**Zacharias:** YEAH? WHAT ABOUT IT, SHUT THE FUCK UP. I'M EMOTIONAL. 

*[Davy grins, and throws their hands up in feigned innocence.]*

**Zacharias:** BUT I GOTTA ASK WHY, Y'KNOW? WHY ME? 

**Davy:** Your help during that mission was invaluable, not just in getting us where we needed to go but also risking your own life more than once to save ours. 

**Zacharias:** YOU DID IT FOR ME. IT WAS PURELY TRANSACTIONAL.

**Sunny:** Was it now?

*[Zacharias cocks his head to the side, clicking his beak. His eyes glint.]*

**Zacharias:** NO IT WASN'T. AT SOME POINT I THINK I DECIDED I KINDA LIKED YOU TWO FUCKERS. 

**Sunny:** Beyond the life-saving stuff, having a proper Dreamscape native around never hurts. So, what do you say?

*[Zacharias sniffles before taking flight. He lands on Davy's shoulder and spreads his wings out, resting them across each agent's shoulders.]*

**Zacharias:** OF FUCKING COURSE. BESIDES, YOU GUYS COULD USE SOMEONE AS GREAT AS ME AROUND. 

**Sunny:** Welcome to MTF Chi-58 then, Agent Zachy. 

**Zacharias:** THANKS, GUYS. REALLY. 

*[SCP-7679 watches as the three agents leave the room. It smiles.]*

<< [SCP-7678](SCP-7678) | SCP-7679 | [SCP-7680](SCP-7680) >>

=====

> **Filename:** ChuckStorms.png

> **Author:** Cephas

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0

> **Additional Notes:** Source: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Marmota_monax_UL_07.jpg

=====

> **Filename:** Zacharias.png

> **Author:** Chuck Homler d/b/a Focus On Wildlife

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0

> **Additional Notes:** Source: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Fish-Crow-Up-Close-Portrait.jpg

=====

> **Filename:** ChuckStormsSigil.png, BindingSigil.png, TheFlockSigil.png, MammonSigil.png

> **Author:** OriTiefling

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0

> **Additional Notes:** Images above are the creation of the article's original author, OriTiefling, and released under CC by SA 3.0

=====
