:root{

   --header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

   --header-subtitle: "Site-400";

   ~~lgurl: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/secure-facilities-locations/Site-400.svg);

}

.footnotes-footer {

    visibility: hidden;

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

**SCP-7417** - Thole Foresthight

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ndheckfire)

@@ @@

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-400

Director Adam Desmond

N/A

N/A

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7417 is currently housed in a standard humanoid accommodation chamber at Site-400. Request for entertainment amenities such as books, board games, or video games is to be approved, with supervision from her current research head(s), presently ~~Dr. Sebastian Lennox and~~ Dr. Windsor Gladwyn.

---

**Description:** SCP-7417 is the designation given to Kristen Claudia, a white human adolescent female of British descent, currently 166 centimeters in height and possessing green eyes and long brown hair. Prior to containment, SCP-7417 was employed as a local kindergarten school teacher in Newcastle, Northern Ireland.

SCP-7417 possesses a unique form of functional precognition where, upon visually perceiving any object (including living entities), she is capable of viewing their physical appearance as how they are approximately one (1) year later. For example, upon looking at an apple (red delicious variant), SCP-7417 reported seeing it as merely being a pile of assorted fertilized soil.

Testing on how of it's possible to alter the "fate" of perceived objects is still ongoing.

---

**Addendum 7417-1:**

**Interview Log**

**Date:** 12/09/2018

**Present:** Dr. Sebastian Lennox

---

= **<Begin Log>**

*Dr. Lennox enters the interview room.*

**Dr. Lennox:** Hello, 7417. My name's Dr. Lennox. I'm just here to ask you some quest-

*Upon laying eyes on Dr. Sebastian, SCP-7417 suddenly jumps up from her chair and steps back.*

**SCP-7417:** Oh God! Holy Christh!

**Dr. Lennox:** Woah, are you alright? What's wro-

**SCP-7417:** Get away from me! Oh God, ith horrible!

*SCP-7417 retreats to a corner of the room and covers her face with both of her hands. Sobbing is audible.*

**Dr. Lennox:** 7417? What's the matter? Why are you-

**SCP-7417:** (*looks up*) Your faith! Your fucking faith! Ith fucking gone! Get the fuck away from me!

*Silence on recording.*

*Dr. Lennox exits the interview room.*

= **<End Log>**

---

**Debriefing Log**

**Date:** 12/09/2018

**Present:** Dr. Sebastian Lennox and Dr. Windsor Gladwyn

---

= **<Begin Log>**

*Dr. Lennox enters the observation chamber. Through a camera monitor, SCP-7417 can still be seen sitting in a corner and covering her face.*

**Dr. Gladwyn:** Jesus. The hell was that? (*pauses*) You good?

**Dr. Lennox:** Uhhh, yeah, I'm fine. Just... confused?

**Dr. Gladwyn:** You're not the only one. (*looks at the monitor*) What was she screaming about anyway?

**Dr. Lennox:** Something about... my faith being gone? Like... I'm gonna *lose* my faith?

**Dr. Gladwyn:** Huh, weird. Are you... religious by any chance?

**Dr. Lennox:** Yeah. Catholic.

**Dr. Gladwyn:** Right, okay. (*pauses*) The doc doesn't say anything about 7417 having *spiritual* precognition. Might need to look into that more. (*looks at Dr. Lennox*) You sure you're alright? You don't look too good.

**Dr. Lennox:** I'm fine, really. A little bit shaken up is all.

**Dr. Gladwyn:** Hm.

= **<End Log>**

In concern of further distressing SCP-7417, Dr. Windsor Gladwyn has requested the reassignment of Dr. Sebastian Lennox to another project. This request was approved.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Addendum 7417-2:** On the 23rd of October, 2019, [SCP-457](SCP-457)SCP-457 is a sentient humanoid entity composed of flame. breached containment in Site-400, resulting in extensive damage to the West Wing and multiple injured Foundation personnel. During the breach, Dr. Sebastian Lennox (who was assigned to SCP-457 at the time) suffered varying degrees of burns throughout his face and torso. After SCP-457 was successfully recontained, Dr. Lennox was rushed to the on-site Health and Pathology Infirmary for immediate treatment.

**Date:** 23/10/2019

**Present:**

* Dr. Sebastian Lennox

* Dr. Windsor Gladwyn

---

= **<Begin Log>**

*Dr. Lennox can be seen wearing a hospital gown and resting in a health cot, his face entirely covered with bandages.*

**Dr. Gladwyn:** Heya, bud. How you doing?

**Dr. Lennox:** I'll be lying if I said I was fine.

**Dr. Gladwyn:** Heh, yeah...

*Silence on recording.*

**Dr. Lennox:** Hey, uhhh... Remember 7417? Are you still assigned to her?

**Dr. Gladwyn:** Yup. [Reintegration Program](scp-5175) doin' wonders for her. Why do you ask?

**Dr. Lennox:** You still remember the only time I met her? Where, y'know, she cried about me losing my faith? I think that... she might be right. (*sighs*) I don't know. Right now, I'm asking myself a *lot* of things. Thinking about and reconsidering some stuff, y'know? Maybe that's why she was so scared.

**Dr. Gladwyn:** Oh, yeah, about that... I've, uhhh, been meaning to tell you...

**Dr. Lennox:** What?

**Dr. Gladwyn:** I regularly talked to her... and I'd assume you didn't notice when you first met her but...

**Dr. Lennox:** What is it, man? You're literally killing me here!

**Dr. Gladwyn:** It's not as non-literal as you thought it was. 7417 has a lisp.

= **<End Log>**

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7416](SCP-7416) | SCP-7417 | [SCP-7418](SCP-7418) >>

=====
