.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

**Item #:** SCP-7827

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7827 is held within a high-security locker at site-19. 

Only Level 4+ personnel can authorize experimentation.

**Description:** SCP-7827 refers to a set of earrings manufactured by JCPenney in 2013. SCP-7827 is composed of circular sapphires, set inside copper lining. 

When a human female applies SCP-7827 to their earlobes, SCP-7827 will forcefully adhere itself to them and is unable to be removed through traditional means. Shortly after, the individual will enter a delirium where they are effectively paralyzed.

 After 3 minutes of contact with the earlobe, copper wiring will begin stemming from the object’s base. It will then navigate towards the subject's brain via ear canal at a speed of 12cm/min. If successful, SCP-7827 will began lacerating the occipital lobe, which leads to the subject's death. Once the subject has expired, SCP-7827 will swiftly return its wiring before ejecting itself towards the ground, where it will remain inactive.

**Addendum:** SCP-7827 was initially recovered inside a residential apartment belonging to Beverly Rodriguez in Phoenix, Arizona. Beverly’s remains were discovered contorted on her living room floor, where a field agent discovered SCP-7827 lying nearby.

Following SCP-7827's containment, a search of Beverly’s phone revealed a series of text messages exchanged with Mason Dewitt, Beverly’s ex-boyfriend. The following are the excerpts most relevant.

<details>
<summary>+ CHAT LOGS - 04/12 (1)</summary>

### massey

 Hey mason

waddup bee

Listen. I don’t really think I’m in a situation where I can continue this relationship. It has nothing to do with you, you’re a great guy. im just caught up in a lot of stuff atm and I don’t think I can healthily maintain a relationship. I hope we can stay friends after this. 

ur joking right

 ????

what happened? Fuck somebody else or do you hate yourself so much you refuse to let yourself be happy? we have so much in common, this really feels like a half assed excuse to go whore around without consequence 

I really hope we can stay friends. Maybe after you cool down we can discuss this like adults

im sorry but you don’t have a fucking clue how much I sacrificed in our relationship. I sold my laptop to pay for your stencils so you can keep making ur shitty ass drawing lmaoo

 youre such a fucking leach. Enjoy living life on your 0$ an hour salary

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ CHAT LOGS - 04/19 (2)</summary>

### massey

beverly

beverly answer me

im sorry lets just talk ok

we can move past this but we got to try

BEVERLY

jesus christ

 ur killing me

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ CHAT LOGS - 05/01 (3)</summary>

### massey

Hey bee. Got a minute?

what

fym “what” LOL

We haven’t talked in awhile and I want to get back in touch again.

 

 well 

You said some very hurtful things last time we spoke. Ik what i did was out of the blue but I saw a side to you I haven’t seen before. I really cherished our friendship and to hear you speaking to me like that made me think there was no chance of rekindling it.

 I understand we’re probably never gonna have that level of intimacy again but I’d  want to maintain our friendship. what do you say? 

 I’d like that a lot

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ CHAT LOGS - 05/13 (4)</summary>

### massey

 Had lots of fun tonight! 

 Same here!! It was good seeing you again. I’m glad we stayed close 

 Totally. I forgot to ask, how’s ur personal life treating you? met any guys lately? 

 Why do you ask? Seems a little abrupt lol

 just curious, want to hear how ur lifes going 

 Well, I did meet someone at the coffee shop. We share a lot of the same interests, he’s in graphic design, and as you know Im going into illustration. It’s neat meeting another creative yk 

 cool 

 thats great

 yeah

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ CHAT LOGS - 05/16 (5)</summary>

### massey

 heyy, wanna come over and binge those Wes Anderson films you’ve been shoving down my throat?

 Sorry, tonight can’t work. Josh is helping me with a POS art project that’s due tomorrow. He’s showing me fancy tech I can use to totally cheese this assignment. 

 sounds like fun! I can always lend a hand to you guys if u need it 

 thanks, but I’m pretty sure we got this in the bag. I’m free this Monday though. 

 awesome. let me know if u need ANYTHING

 thanks

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ CHAT LOGS - 05/19 (6)</summary>

### massey

 Got any plans tonight? 

 Yeah actually, sorry. Going to board game night with josh 

 tell him your sick or something, got us tickets to the LeBron movie

 You know I’ve been meaning to see that, and I appreciate the gesture, but I wish you would tell me in advance next time

 can’t make it tonight

 all good. just find it a little odd since this is the third time this week youve completely blown me off to hangout with this josh guy. you said you wanted to be friends wtf hppned

 jkjk. Have a goodnight

 uhh you too

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ CHAT LOGS - 06/02 (7)</summary>

### massey

 Hey Mason, free this thurs for some dnd?

 sure. Hey I’ve been meaning to ask

 what’s up

 do you ever wannna give our relationship another shot? I think enough time has passed where we’ve both matured enough as individuals. I understand what I said was wrong, but I really do care about you bee. What do you say?

 So 

 I should’ve told you this awhile ago- but me and josh started dating and it’s moving pretty quickly. youre one of my closest friends, and I would like to keep it that way. i cannot thank you enough for how much you’ve helped me, but I’d really like to stay friends. 

 all good. Completely understand

 btw, found your old earrings. They should arrive ina few days :)

 FANTASTIC!! Never thought I’d see those things again haha, appreciate it

</details>

Upon discovery, field agents were dispatched to Mason Dewitt’s home address. Multiple clothing items, health utilities, and electronics were absent from his room. Mason Dewitt’s body was later recovered from a nearby pond.

Investigation of his digital footprint led to the discovery of multiple illegal websites he had visited, all in relation to different methods of homicide. 

<< [SCP-7826](SCP-7826) | SCP-7827 | [SCP-7828](SCP-7828) >>
