=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-7615

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** The building where SCP-7615 took place has been purchased by a Foundation front company and demolished after five years without noted anomalous effects.

**Description:** SCP-7615 is a collective designation for a series of anomalous phenomena that took place in the "ZvezdoPark" indoor waterpark near the town of Irkutsk, Russia. While no physical evidence of the phenomena exists, their presence has been reported by the majority of staff and regular guests. SCP-7615 is presumed to have lasted from the time of the attraction's opening on 25/05/2005 to its destruction following a structural failure on the morning of 12/03/2015 At the time, the park was closed as it was undergoing maintance.. SCP-7615 phenomena include sudden and unexplained bursts of euphoria among visiting guests, implementation of false memories involving non-existent family members and the unexplained presence of human bones in garbage disposal units outside the establishment.

Multiple guests have also reported attending the park with non-existent family members. In addition, men and women dressed in formal clothes were allegedly seen entering the park through the side entrance on multiple Fridays, only exiting the structure during evening hours. 

All past employees have reported handling bottles of a viscous, neon pink liquid by the name of "Starjuice". When the fluid was sampled, its taste was described as sweet and refreshing. The liquid was in addition described as having psychoactive properties consistent with those of stimulant drugs.

Following the acquisition of the ZvezdoPark establishment, an investigation was launched into the possible origin of the anomaly. No anomalous phenomena have been reported since.

**Notable Findings:**

ZvezdoPark contained 3 waterslides during its operation, including two unnamed waterslides of medium length and the "Adventure Among Stars", the park's signature attraction. The slide had two tracks, both 200 meters long, and was filled with white and pink star-shaped lights. A control panel was located near the slide's entrance and was typically operated by a lifeguard. In addition to a button allowing to change between the two tracks, it also contained multiple black buttons of unknown purpose. According to statements by past staff members, they were to be pressed in a different combination once, every Friday at noon, shortly before the first guest was to enter it. In addition, the ride contained multiple pieces of tube that did not fit into either of the tracks but were held up the same metal frame. 

The water across the park was found to have a salinity level of 3.45%, corresponding roughly to that of the North Sea. The water notably contained no chlorine. In addition, traces of multiple non-anomalous compounds, commonly used in the creation of amnestic drugs, were found.

While the majority of the park was above ground, multiple underground pools have been found, the entrances to them having been disguised as storage rooms some time prior. In the middle of one room was a 1 000 000 liter glass pool, the bottom of which was covered with a thin layer of sand. A waterslide tube was found to extend down into the pool from the ceiling, its other end obstructed by debris. Multiple smaller tubes extended from the glass pool, terminating at two hastily installed kitchen sinks. Empty wine glasses were found present near the sinks. A damaged personal camera, containing only a single audio file, was found in the area. The recording can be viewed below.

> *[RECORDING STARTS]*

> 

> **Unknown Masculine Voice-1:** Great connections, telling you. All the way to Moscow, even. You have to see it to believe it.

> 

> **Unknown Feminine Voice-1:** You know, I almost wanted to say-

> 

> *[The sound of water flowing can be heard in the distance, followed by loud splashing]*

> 

> **Unknown Masculine Voice-1:** Finally, we got 'em, yeah?

> 

> **Unknown Masculine Voice-2:** Oh, let's hope it's clean. Don't wanna have a repeat of last batch. 

> 

> *[Laughter, followed by clinking of glasses can be heard. Screams echo in the distance, becoming louder with each passing second. A low growling is briefly heard. The screams cease, being replaced by loud thumping]*

> 

> **Unknown Feminine Voice-2:** Come on! Come on!

> 

> *[Water splashing returns, followed by wet, slithering sounds. The thumps grow even louder, before a single, loud splashing sound can be heard. This is followed by cheering and clapping, in addition to further slithering. Another growl can be heard]*

> 

> **Unknown Masculine Voice-2:** While it's fresh!

> 

> *[Sounds of running, followed by pouring liquid. Splashes can be heard in the distance. This lasts for over a minute]*

> 

> **Unknown Masculine Voice-1:** To our health!

> 

> **Multiple voices:** To our health!

> 

> *[Sounds of glass clinking can be heard, followed by both deep and high pitched moans]*

> 

> **Unknown Masculine Voice-1:** Mhm, just like [Mielkowski](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/silesian-cult) used to make them! And such purity, too, just look at it! Mikhail, you got that on camera?

> 

> *[RECORDING ENDS]*

**UPDATE:** Two months following the demolition of ZvezdoPark, local law enforcment came across a shed in the nearby woods, almost half a kilometer away from the park's former location. Inside, two crates were found, each containing 30 bottles of a glowing, pink liquid. Chemical analysis of the substance has so far proven inconclusive, though traces of almost all compounds present in brain tissue and cerebrospinal fluid have been noted.

<< [ SCP-7614]( SCP-7614) | SCP-7615 | [SCP-7616](SCP-7616) >>
