⚠️ **Content warning:** Depictions of suicide and terminal illness

**Item:** SCP-7922

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** While SCP-7922 cannot be physically contained, the prerequisites to generate an SCP-7922 event are extremely specific and improbable due to the following environmental factors:

* Modern medical practices, i.e. widespread usage of the rabies vaccine and antiserum treatment.

* The fact that a human subject vulnerable to SCP-7922 would not reasonably be given the tools to initiate an event.

* The likelihood of death before a human subject enters the paralytic phase of rabies.

Unintentional execution of an SCP-7922 event, while hypothetically possible, is improbable. Even so, the Foundation is to discreetly monitor every human case of rabies that advances past the prodromal phase.

Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor the Internet for any online discussions that could lead to the intentional execution of SCP-7922, and suppress them accordingly. Should another SCP-7922 event occur, all works generated by the human subject are to be confiscated for analysis.

**EMERGENCY EDIT:** Following Experiment-7922-Alpha, experimentation involving the initiation of SCP-7922 by Foundation personnel are forbidden.

**Description:** SCP-7922 is a phenomenon that only occurs when the following conditions are met:

# A human subject contracts rabies.

# The subject's illness progresses to the paralytic phase.

# During the paralytic phase, the subject is given a means to create visual art or poetry (such as a computer, a typewriter, paper and writing utensils, or a canvas and paint).

Once the medium is given, an SCP-7922 event will begin. The subject will abruptly regain consciousness, use the medium to create as much artwork and/or poetry as possible for one hour, then die of cardiac arrest. The creation of these works is done at a superhuman pace. One notable case, PoI-49399, was able to write a total of 2,504,393 words in one hour.

All works share a single subject: praises to a deity named NÅZHDAK.

There have been a total of 47 recorded SCP-7922 events since its discovery.

**Addendum 1 - Initial Occurrences:** The first recorded SCP-7922 event took place on August 27th, 1978. Marcin Wozniak, an Alberta-based performance artist, left the following log of his experience.

Brothers and sisters of the International Hell Yeah, hear my cry...

If you can read this, Papa Marcy's got some pretty bad news for ya. Some of you may recall that when I was doing my stupid little lecture at the University of Montreal, I brought up that I was having a "real stubborn toothache". Would you believe it, the toothache was an everything-ache. It's an oral tumor! Cancer! I'm gettin' murdered by a zodiac sign, and not even one of the sexy ones! 

The little bastard's dug himself in too deep in my gums to yank him out. The doctors said the only way to keep me over the clover would be chemotherapy. 

"Oh yeah, that sounds like a GREAT idea! Lemme just chug atom bomb juice until this Mane of Peace I've been growing since 1963 packs its bags and moves to the dumpster."

Now, I ask you: does that sound like a thing I would say? NAY, MY BROTHERS! MARCY IS UNDAUNTED! 

But I'm not about to let Mr. Tumor have his way, neither. I'm gonna take my death sentence into my own hands, like Socrates. 

Mourn me not, for this will be my magnum opus. I call this piece: "DEFTLY SPELUNKING THRU THE CURTAIN OF FUCK."

I will delve into the most forbidden place in the human psyche. I'll go somewhere that not even acid can take me. A place of madness from which I can never return. Once I dive in, I can only peek my head above the water for just a moment, to tell everyone else what I've seen, only to drown immediately thereafter.

In layman's terms, I've just gone and teased a couple hundred bats at my grandma's old farm.

As I type this, I've been chained to my king-size bed in Medicine Hat. Some of my colleagues from the museum are taking care of my daily needs. There's a typewriter on my lap. From this moment on, I'm gonna do nothin' but eat, sleep, piss, shit, write poetry, and die of rabies.

But that second-to-last one takes the first priority. That's right, for the first time in human history, you're gonna see the swan song of a rabies patient. 

Who knows where my mind is gonna be in that state? Will it be nonsense? Or will it be forbidden truth? 

There's only one way to find out. 

So with that, adieu. Don't nobody try to stop me -- even if I start to doubt myself, this journey to the center of the mind is too stupid to quit now.

If this is bullshit, then I am a gladiator of bullshit. 

Me who is about to die salutes y'all.

oh my fucking god this was a mistake

*("KILL ME" repeated 598 times)*

s ssss s s s ssssdlkjbgs sssss ss s s ssss s s s ss s hfJjhlgjl;;kFBDbjfslajfdsbjafs COCKS gjskaal

nO

the hunt will welcome me with open fist

insert my heart into your mouth and bite

and hear it snap and let us consummate

you are my iron mandate given flesh

to rend what's in the path of barebacked will

perseverance of severance of all

i prostrate for your delectation lord

i mount the milk white steed into the storm

a concubine a cow a cavalier

all three and more i am for you o prince

the burden i accept with trembling hands

from you who sounds the sevenfluted horn

and leads the masses clad in breathing mail

against the weaver's treason still i weep

for when the weaver's banner first i saw

in dreams that i had yet to comprehend

NÅZHDAK NAI VORO DAHAX

NÅZHDAK NAI VORO DAHAX

NÅZHDAK NAI VORO DAHAX

EIGHT BECOME ONE

EIGHT BECOME ONE

EIGHT BECOME ONE

give me the iron snake right the fuck now

give me the iron snake right the fuck now

give me the iron snake right the fuck now

pickpocket these eyes from me

pickpocket these eyes from me

pickpocket these eyes from me

you promised

you promised

you promised

i love you

i love you

i love you

fold my face into an origami handmaiden

fold my face into an origami handmaiden

fold my face into an origami handmaiden

i will pick the finest sausages for you

i will pick the finest sausages for you

i will pick the finest sausages for you

NÅZHDAK NAI VORO DAHAX

NÅZHDAK NAI VORO DAHAX

NÅZHDAK NAI VORO DAHAX

*(It was at this point that Wozniak had run out of paper that he hadn't already destroyed.)*

Following his funeral that September, Canadian police arrested Wozniak's friends who helped him with the experiment. (Assisted suicide was illegal at the time.) Among them was his wife, Audrey Wozniak, who took the sole copy of the last entry with her to prison. Mrs. Wozniak mailed the poem to her former colleagues at the Toronto University of Art with an explanation of what had transpired.

In 1982, one of Mrs. Wozniak's former students, hereafter PoI-49933, attempted to recreate the experiment. PoI-49933 left the following record of her attempt.

Dear Mrs. Wozniak, 

As much as you warned me -- I'm sorry, but I'm too curious. And considering how my life is going, there's nothing left to lose anyway. 

I've got my ex-boyfriend Keith on deck for keeping me in the same place. My parents think we eloped. 

For the love of God, destroy this letter after you've seen it. I know it didn't work out between Keith and I, but since he's willing to go this far to help me out, he doesn't deserve to go to jail about it.

If anything came of the plan, it'll be on the enclosed document. For legitimacy, Keith's gonna try to catch the part where I write the poem on film.

Your husband was a great artist. He would have wanted me to find out more about this "Nasdaq" thing. (Maybe the stock market's fucking with our minds.)

At any rate, I know you're angry with me and probably hate my guts about this. But we're gonna have to agree to disagree, because I'll never forget you.

...NÅZHDAK HAS THREADED HIS IRON SNAKE THROUGH MY EARS AND MY BRAIN IS PLAYING DOUBLE DUTCH AND have you ever noticed how there are so many things with legs and lungs and teeth and nails that go around without being shot in their bitch face i can't even begin to *SLEEP IN THE SUBWAY, DARLING / DON'T STAND IN THE POURING RAIN / DON'T SLEEP IN THE SUBWAY, DARLING / THE HUNT IS YOUNG / FORGET YOUR FOOLISH FLESH / NOTHING'S WRONG / NÅZHDAK HOWLS FOR YOUR STRENGTH* firststarprinceKHUUM secondhuntprinceNÅZHDAK thirdverminprinceABBAD fourthfireprinceMUZD  fifthloveprinceROUM sixthseaprinceHAJHETI seventhorderprinceJALAKÅRA eighthforgottenprinceVUUOU *one of these things is not, like, the oth-errr* and now o my brothers you will viddy the malenky horrorshow story of the time I went *OFF TO SEE THE WIZAAARD, THE WONDERFUL WIZARD OF* **the variety of ways in which the Spanish Insquisition applied torture to those who they perceived to be heretics. For example, there was an item called the "breast ripper" that did exactly what you'd expect it***'s not unusual to be loved by anyone / it's not unusual to have fun with anyone / but when I see you*r c o n t i n u e d r e f u s a l t o a c c e p t t h e b e a r e r o f t h e h o r n a t t h e f r o n t o f t h e a d v a n c i n g c h a o s a c r o s s t h e p l a i n s o f t h e w e a v e r ' s b l a s p e m*E / C IS FOR COOKIE, THAT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME / OH, COOKIE, COOKIE STARTS WITH C / HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT? A ROUND COOKIE WITH ONE BITE OUT OF IT LOOKS LIKE A* ,,Strider's festering eyeball at the top of a moonlit standard,,ized testing...

It is important to note that these events are not exclusive to Dr. Wozniak and his associates. For example, one of the few accidental SCP-7922 events took place in Johannesburg, South Africa in May of 1985. The incident began when a ballpoint pen fell in the bed of a comatose rabies patient, PoI-59592. The subject broke free of his restraints and drew a mural on the wall of his hospital room. The mural depicted a three-headed godlike figure with the features of both a human and a weasel. The figure blew into a large spiral hunting horn with seven holes on the side.

**Addendum 2 - Experiment-7922-Alpha:** In January of 2021, researcher Edwin Wallace of Site-59 reported that he had been diagnosed with a terminal illness. (The specific illness remains undisclosed as per the Foundation Employee Privacy Charter, but it was not anomalous.)    Having expressed great interest in SCP-7922 in the past, Wallace volunteered to end his life in an experimental emulation of the procedure.

On June 4th, 2021, Researcher Wallace initiated an SCP-7922 event, and proceeded to write the following:

> I AM ANOINTED BY THE DISEASE AND SUMMONED UNTO THE BATTLEFIELD NÅZHDAK YOU HAVE UNPEELED THE FORESKIN OF MY VIRGIN EYEBALLS UNTO THE TRUTH MY LIFE IS YOURS I LOVE YOU I NEED YOU I

> 

> WAIT WHAT

> 

> THAT'S IT??

> 

> ARE YOU SURE? 

> 

> BECAUSE I CAN DO MORE, IF YOU'D LIKE.

> 

> UHH

> 

> I MEAN, I'M NOT COMPLAINING, LESS WORK FOR ME. BUT IF YOU NEED ANYTHING ELSE, LET ME KNOW OK?

> 

> HERE YA GO, MASTER:

> 

> ████████████████ The password for [REDACTED] 

> ██████████████████████████████ The onsite nuclear warhead activation code for Site-59. 

> ███████████ The location of [REDACTED] 

> ███████████████████████████ [DATA EXPUNGED] 

> ███████████████████████████████████████ [5/001 CLEARANCE REQUIRED] 

> 

> *(The note ends here, as Wallace was shot by security personnel before he could continue.)*

<< [SCP-7921](SCP-7921) | SCP-7922 | [SCP-7923](SCP-7923) >>

=====

> **Filename:** nahzdak.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7922)

=====
