SCP-7628, by P4TR1CK07. I hope you enjoyed reading this and had a good chuckle, or just found it cute. MASSIVE thanks to  for all their help, and creating the image for me, it wouldn't be the article it is without the image :)

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** 

~~SCP-7628 is to be sealed in a standard object storage locker within the low-risk object storage wing at Site-188.~~ Following Incident 7628-2, and the failures of all subsequent containment efforts to date, SCP-7628 is to be left in the possession of its owner, Dr. Maxwell. Guards stationed at the entrance checkpoint of Site-95 are to ensure Dr. Maxwell is in possession of SCP-7628 whenever he enters or exits the site. No further attempts are to be made to remove SCP-7628 from Dr. Maxwell.

**Description:** 

SCP-7628 is a sentient, mobile instance of a Foundation-issue level-three secure-access card. At the time it was issued, and its two subsequent years it was used by Dr. Maxwell, SCP-7628 exhibited no anomalous properties until Incident 7628-1. Whilst SCP-7628's design is identical to that of other level three clearance cards, SCP-7628 possesses minor damage to both its front and back, consistent with regular use.

The precise means by which SCP-7628 is able to move are not fully understood; however, analysis of the footage from Incident 7628-1 and eyewitness reports reveal that SCP-7628 moves by pivoting on two corners. SCP-7628 has also been observed sliding along the floor, however at a much slower speed. At its fastest, SCP-7628 has been recorded moving at 17 km/h when pivoting. SCP-7628 has used this speed to aid in escape attempts by repeatedly slamming against its containment unit, gradually damaging it  Whilst it is unknown whether SCP-7628 can be destroyed, this process seems to have caused no discernible damage to SCP-7628. .

SCP-7628’s anomalous properties remain inactive until separated from Dr. Maxwell. When SCP-7628 is separated from Dr. Maxwell, it will make all possible efforts to return itself to Dr. Maxwell’s wallet. No environment or obstacle have proved capable of stopping SCP-7628, with the item using a variety of methods including puzzle-solving, high-level pattern-recognizing skills, and brute force to reach Maxwell's wallet. After reaching the wallet of Dr. Maxwell, it inserts itself and becomes inactive.

**Addendum 7628.01:** Equipment Decommissioning Log

 **Equipment Decommissioning Log** 

**Date:** 04/07/2025

**Overseeing staff:** Agent Keene.

---

**Equipment to be decommissioned:** (Legacy) Foundation-issued level three access card.

**Equipment assigned to:** Dr. Maxwell.

**Date issued:** 08/07/2020

**Condition upon return:** Overall condition acceptable, damage consistent with use in line with specified parameters, pay dock not required.

---

**Reason for decommissioning:** Updates to Foundation-wide security measures on February 7, 2025, require all Foundation personnel level two and above to be issued new access cards. Retired access-cards are to be destroyed in accordance with security directive L21.

**Notes:** Dr. Maxwell expressed fondness over his issued keycard. He requested to "hold on to it" because it "reminded him of the good old days". The request was denied, and Dr. Maxwell was reminded of the Foundation's policy regarding issued equipment. Dr. Maxwell has also been warned for his unauthorised attachment of two “eyes” to the card.

---

**Decommission status:** ~~Decommissioned~~ Designated SCP-7628.

**Addendum 7628.02:** Incident 7628-1

 **Incident 7628-1** 

**Date:** 05/07/2025

---

**Incident type:** Containment breach (Level-1)

**SCP(s) involved:** SCP-7628

**Staff involved (if any):** Dr. Maxwell

**Incident status:** Resolved - SCP-7628 designated an SCP object, and containment efforts initiated.

---

**Timeline of Incident 7628-1:**

*The following is a composite timeline of events from Incident 7628-1 created from camera footage across Site-188.*

**[Incineration room camera]**

**10:23AM:** Agent Keene places a container of retired access cards onto a conveyor leading to an incinerator. 

**10:24AM:** Agent Keene turns and leaves the room.

**10:25AM:** SCP-7628 can be seen "activating" and standing up. SCP-7628 looks down the conveyor towards the incinerator, then suddenly jumps off the conveyor, falling to the floor.

**10:26AM:** SCP-7628 is observed sliding itself under the door of the incineration room.

**[Sector 2 Western hallway camera]**

**10:27AM:** SCP-7628 begins to navigate the hallway outside the incineration plant, however, it is unable to fit under the doors. 

**10:31AM:** SCP-7628 slides itself into a ventilation shaft.

**[Research unit hallway 3 camera]**

**10:52AM:** SCP-7628 is observed falling from the ventilation system at the East wing of the research unit.

**10:53AM:** SCP-7628 begins to move towards the researcher offices.

**10:54AM:** SCP-7628 can be seen quickly moving behind a potted plant in the hallway. Shortly after, two guards appear further down the hallway escorting a Class-D.

**10:55AM:** After the guards have passed, SCP-7628 continues on its path towards the offices.

**[Research offices camera A]**

**11:02AM:** SCP-7628 reaches the researcher's offices, and can be seen moving in the direction of Dr. Maxwell's office.

**[Research offices camera F]**

**11:05AM:** SCP-7628 enters the office of Dr. Maxwell, and climbs up the desk, inserting itself into the wallet, before returning to its docile state.

---

**Note:** SCP-7628 is henceforth to be contained in a standard object containment unit.

**Addendum 7628.03:** Notice of Site Transfer

 **Notice of Site Transfer** 

**Date:** 12/07/2025

---

**Staff:** Dr. Maxwell

**Current Site:** 188

**Re-assignment site:** 95

**Effective:** 19/07/2025

**Reason:** Per Foundation Staff Guidelines Section V.3.2, staff that have become the subject of "emotional bonds" with SCP's are to be re-assigned to the nearest suitable site.

---

**Notes:** Dr. Maxwell has been an incredibly loyal researcher to the foundation for many years, and I don't want this re-assignment to be a black mark on his record - so I thought I'd specify the incident here. SCP-7628 has, on five occasions now, attempted to escape containment to return to Dr. Maxwell, which poses a severe security risk.

We have tried to keep both of them in the same site, but it simply isn't working. That thing ALWAYS finds a way back. We've been at it for a week, and nothing's worked. The researchers assigned to SCP-7628 tell me that its activation is something to do with its distance from Maxwell, and that if he's far away enough, it simply won't activate. 

In any case, I feel Maxwell may be better suited to duties elsewhere. Whilst his presence is certainly a morale boost for Site-188, a man of such advanced years is not always able to keep up with the ethos and requirements of a Site like ours.

- {{Site Director Baltner}}

**Addendum 7628.04:** Incident 7628-2

 **Incident 7628-2** 

**Date:** 25/07/2025

---

**Incident type:** Containment breach (Level-3)

**SCP(s) involved:** SCP-7628, SCP-[REDACTED].

**Staff involved (if any):** Dr. Maxwell

**Incident status:** Resolved - Containment procedures revised

---

**Timeline of Incident 7628-2:**

*The following is a composite timeline of events from Incident 7628-2 created from camera footage and containment status monitors across Site-188 and Site-95 from the 19th and 25th of July respectively*

**19/07/2025**

**[Containment unit camera, Site-188]**

**10:42PM:** SCP-7628 can be heard repeatedly slamming against the side of its newly reinforced containment unit, and after an hour, the metal begins to warp.

**11:59PM:** The metal siding of SCP-7628's containment unit begins to break, creating a small hole that gradually grows.

**01:02AM:** Once SCP-7628 has made the hole large enough for it to fit through, it forces its way through the gap and falls to the floor. SCP-7628 then slides under the nearby door and into the outside hallway.

**[SCP housing wing camera D, Site-188]**

**01:03AM:** SCP-7628 moves down the hallway until reaching a ventilation shaft. Upon sensing that it has been reinforced with smaller grating As per directions of SCP-7628 containment staff, all ventilation shaft access points were to be fitted with narrower covers to prevent SCP-7628 from escaping through them. , it continues down the hallway.

**[SCP housing wing camera E, Site-188]**

**01:06AM:** SCP-7628 reaches a junction. SCP-7628 turns in place a few times, seeming to "look around", before proceeding in the direction of the logistics bay.

**[Site 188 logistics bay camera B, Site-188]**

**01:15AM:** SCP-7628 can be seen entering the logistics bay, and subsequently entering a truck bound for Site-95 All vehicles bound for Site-95 were searched upon reaching their destination, however, this failed to locate SCP-7628 . 

**25/07/2025**

**[Site-95 perimeter camera L, Site-95]**

**03:21AM:** SCP-7628 is seen falling from a truck approaching Site-95 Security at the time failed to detect this due to the distance of the truck from the camera. . 

**03:22AM:** SCP-7628 disappears from view.

**[SCP-[REDACTED]'s Containment status monitor, Site-95]**

**4:11AM:** SCP-[REDACTED]'s containment unit, adjacent to Site-95's exterior, is compromised by slow, deliberate damage by SCP-7628. SCP-[REDACTED] escapes, whilst SCP-7628 enters the now vacant containment chamber.

**[SCP-[REDACTED]'s containment unit camera, Site-95]**

**4:13AM:** SCP-7628 slips itself under the door of the containment chamber.

**[SCP housing wing camera 2, Site-95]** 

**4:17AM:** SCP-7628 is seen entering an air vent, and subsequently disappearing from view.

**[Research wing offices camera B, Site-95]** 

**4:28AM:** SCP-7628 is seen falling from a vent in the roof and landing on the floor. SCP-7628 subsequently proceeds towards the office of Dr. Maxwell.

**[Research wing offices camera L, Site-95]**

**4:39AM:** SCP-7628 locates Dr. Maxwell's office, and enters. SCP-7628 is seen scaling the side of the desk and locating the wallet of Dr. Maxwell. SCP-7628 inserts itself inside, and enters its docile state.

---

**Addendum 7628.05:** Baltners Email

**From:** Site Director Baltner (theodore.baltner@scp.management.s188)

**To:** Doctor Maxwell (liam.maxwell@scp.research.s95)

**Date:**26/07/2025

**Subject:** SCP-7628 (Urgent)

---

Maxwell,

I hope you are settling in well to your new site, I know it can be quite an adjustment.

Now, as much as I wish this email was just to chat, there is an urgent matter I need you to attend to. SCP-7628 has made quite a mess in its most recent containment breach, and I have reason to believe that the recent trouble at Site-95 is related.

I need you to check your wallet, Maxwell.

Regards,

Site Director Baltner

<< [SCP-7627](SCP-7627) | **SCP-7628** | [SCP-7629](SCP-7629) >>

> **Filename:** MrKeycard

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/p47r1ck43/MrKeycard
