.fakeprot .mailform-box .buttons{display:none;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link {padding: 0.1em 0.5em;text-decoration: none;background-color: #F4F4F4;border: 1px solid #AAA;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:hover {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:active {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-unfolded-link{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-folded{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot .passw input[type=text] {text-security:disc;-webkit-text-security:disc;-mox-text-security:disc;}

.mailform-box td:first-child {width: 80px;}

====

=====

Check out my [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/crat26 Author Page!]

*Word Count: 1,250 (Est. 4-5 minutes)*

@@ @@

## **Special Containment Procedures:**

As the geographical position of SCP-7911 is currently inconclusive, all funding allocated to the anomaly is to be directed towards discovery and scouting initiatives. 

## **Description:**

SCP-7911 is an anomalous structure first discovered by Parawatch user Urbexisms on October 7th, 2005. It has been conclusively linked to the disappearances of 21 year old Julia Trellor and 24 year old David Poller from the Itasca, Minnesota area. 

Due to the possible cognitohazardous effects exhibited by SCP-7911, staff are discouraged from accessing this document unless obligated by their job duties.

## **{{ENTER CREDENTIALS}}**

# name

 * title: ID

 * default: <YOUR ID>

 * type: text

 * rules:

  * required: true 

  * maxLength:10

  * minLength: 100

# affiliation

 * title: PASSWORD

 * default: ・・・・・・・・・

 * rules:

  * required: true 

  * maxLength:10

  * minLength: 100

<details>
<summary>Login</summary>

> ##green|**Urbexisms**## 10/7/2005 (Tues) 1:23:33 #19475829

> ~~-~~-

> Holyyyyyyyyy shit, I have a hell of a doozy for you guys today. I just had probably the craziest experience of my whole life. God, my jaw hurts.

> 

> So a few weeks ago, right, I heard some tip off from a friend of a friend about this tunnel that was a few miles out from where I lived. Like, one of those cycling tunnels they put under roadways, if you've ever seen one before. Just a small one, really, I mean small. You wouldn't think anything of it if you saw it.

> 

> But that's kind of irrelevant. Sorry—I'm rambling a bit here. Still kind of reeling. Anyway, this person told my friend that this tunnel had some weird stuff going on. Some dude went in there a few months ago, and they found him a week later splayed out on the street. He was like, severely, severely dehydrated, and covered in a metric fuckton of blood; I heard he almost died. Only thing that saved him was that he ran into an off-duty doctor, or EMT, or something like that. Obviously all the urbexers around the area were immediately intrigued. Nobody really wanted to go check it out, though. I mean, the area around the tunnel had been abandoned for years, so the overgrowth made finding it in the first place enough of a pain in the ass. Add the chance of *literally* dying onto that and most people aren't even gonna get near the thing.

> 

> When the dude actually woke up, he could barely even remember what happened. Either that or he didn't want to talk about it, the friend wasn't super clear. Eventually some people stopped by, probably the police? I think they wanted to talk to him about the blood or something? It's kind of hazy, but either way, they came out basically saying he was crazy and they didn't give a shit about anything he said. But he was trusted enough in our local community, and we take this kind of stuff pretty seriously, so at that point everyone kind of collectively agreed the spot was cursed or something.

> 

> Of course when I heard about it I knew I kind of had to go and check it out. I mean, that's like the *exact* type of thing I'm always looking for. Everyone was morbidly interested in seeing people explore it anyway. And I mean, I was pretty confident it would go fine. If that guy got out with no prep, there's no way it would be a challenge for me. I've done this kind of stuff before. 

> ##green|**Urbexisms**## 10/7/2005 (Tues) 1:30:23 #29376284

> ~~-~~-

> So I started putting together the gear I'd need for this whole "expedition". Aside from grabbing like, two packs worth of food and water, and a gun, I didn't bring much else. The last thing I grabbed was a disposable camera I had lying around. I took a few pictures while I was there; actually, I've got a picture of the tunnel right here.

> 

> 

> 

> After I got the gear I finally started the process of finding the place, which was a total pain in the ass. Eventually, I managed to locate it just based off what the dude had told my friend. It was buried way deep in the woods, and the trek there itself took me like, a good few hours. Probably where I got all these scratches from, too. Probably.

> 

> My memory of the events gets kind of hazy at this point, but what I do remember is how the thing actually worked. I mean, from the outside it looked perfectly normal. It even looked fine when I first stepped inside. But, then I started walking and just wasn't making any progress. Actually, I looked and realized the tunnel just got *longer*. A lot longer. Then, I'd go to turn back around to start walking in the other direction and it would just get longer again. It was like walking on a giant treadmill that only moved when you did. 

> 

> And it was a lot of walking. Just pounding my feet over and over and over and over and over and over and over. The floor kept extending each time I did it, and it was all fucking exhausting. I remember by the third day I had lost almost all the energy I had. My daily sustenance of like 4 cliff bars and a bottle of water was just not cutting it. I couldn't have been in there much longer than a week, but it felt like a month. I remember all the walking like flashes in between the few moments I actually managed to sleep. Even when I dreamt, it was of walking. 

> 

> I don't want this to sound too down, though. I mean, I feel great now that I got some real food. I made it out like, what, 30 minutes ago now? Never felt better. 

> 

> Sorry, sorry, let me get back to the point. Haha. Sorry. The more I walked in the tunnel, the weirder everything got. Like, shit on the walls and stuff like that. You know, symbols. Occult shit. Not anything I would know about—that's sort of out of my wheelhouse. Got a nice picture of it, though.

> 

> 

> 

> I thought it was maybe from the last guy... but it looked kinda old.

> 

> More weird shit was happening as I kept walking. I remember at one point I started wading in this red liquid. It was all over the ground, no matter where I walked. As I kept going, I must have disturbed something, because it slowly started rising until it was up to my neck. I started drowning in it, and then I woke up. I don't think I was sleeping.

> 

> A few hours later I started barfing up something nasty. Some big mush of red goo. For a moment I thought I even saw an eyeball. I took a picture, but I threw it away. 

> 

> After that I just kept walking. Pretty soon I reached the end of the tunnel, but I'm not really sure how.

> 

> When I got out, my clothes were stained and wet. Something kept dripping out of my mouth, but I'm not sure what.

> 

> The weirdest thing was that my gun was missing a bullet.

</details>

<< [SCP-7910](SCP-7910) | SCP-7911 | [SCP-7912](SCP-7912) >>

> **Filename: Tunnels**

> **Name: Tunnels**  

> **Author: Me, CRat26**

> **License:  https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/**

> **Source Link: https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7911**

> **Additional Notes: N/A**
