**[http:*www.scp-wiki.net/the-radd-zone More by this Author] | [http:*www.scpwiki.com/findusalivehub Find Us Alive Hub]**

#### ADVISORY TO FOUNDATION PERSONNEL

Requests to transfer to SCP-7898 are to be approved by Dr. Belfair. Transfer requests lacking proper authorization will not be added to the wait list.

**CURRENT TRANSFER WAIT TIME:** ##blue|3 years, 45 days##

@@ @@ 

**Special Containment Procedures:** All 122 existing instances of SCP-7898 are currently held in a specialized atrium habitat in Site-109. Upper atrium windows of SCP-7898’s containment are to be uncovered for a minimum of 5 hours per day, adjusted on overcast days to provide SCP-7898 sufficient sunlight. Atrium windows are to be covered and the containment area filled with aerosol sedative during Blood Sun cycles. Any new instances of SCP-7898 and SCP-7898-1 are to be incinerated. The town of Fields Spring has been demolished and its existence expunged from public record.

**Description:** SCP-7898 is an arachnoid parasitic creature that inhabits human bodies for locomotive and reproductive purposes. SCP-7898 nest in dark, dry, enclosed spaces, most commonly inside the walls and crawlspaces of houses, and subsist on sunlight  Non-predatory UV light  in a process similar to photosynthesis. 

SCP-7898-1 instances are the full human bodies used by SCP-7898 for locomotion. SCP-7898-1 instances retain the ability to move and speak similarly to non-anomalous humans, but lack many bodily functions including eating, drinking, and waste expulsion. SCP-7898-1 instances also seem incapable of experiencing or expressing negative emotions, even in response to physical pain or megadental events. 

SCP-7898 themselves measure between 15-25cm in length and typically weigh between 4-6kg  Non-sentient kilograms , depending on the age of the host, with six legs visually similar to a spider  Observers specifically mentioned similarities to the non-anomalous horseeater spider . While any of SCP-7898’s original sensory organs are not visible outside the carapace, observation suggests that SCP-7898 navigates using smell and hearing when not attached to an SCP-7898-1 instance. 

SCP-7898 was originally discovered in the town of Fields Spring Located in the area formerly West Virginia . There were no survivors.

 _

**Addendum 1 - Life Cycle of SCP-7898**

Based on discoveries from both Field Springs and Foundation experimentation, the observed life cycle of SCP-7898 is as follows. 

**Phase 1:** A mature instance of SCP-7898 will hide within the hollow walls of a building, most frequently a house, where it waits for a suitable host.

**Phase 2:** The instance will break through the drywall from within, grab the head of the host, and use a sharp appendage to implant an egg in the host's ear.

**Phase 3:** The host experiences mental fog, manic episodes, head/neck pain, and neck muscle weakness.

**Phase 4:** The host feels compelled to keep their head inside small, dark places, such as under blankets or in containers.

**Phase 5:** The host will force their own head through a wall, life signs cease.

**Phase 6:** The host's head rips off at the neck and arachnoid appendages of a fully mature SCP-7898 instance emerge from the mouth, ears, and throat.

 _

**Experiment Log**

| **Experiment** | **Result** |
| --- | --- |
| Extracting SCP-7898 egg from host after implantation | Failure, host subject experienced immediate brain death |
| Denial of a suitable nesting space to a growing SCP-7898 instance | Subject attempts to break head through concrete wall, dies |
| Consumption of SCP-7898-1 instance | Subject becomes severely ill and expires, SCP-7898 reclassified to Class W74 Inedible Corpse |
| SCP-7898-1 instance taken outside during a Rending event | SCP-7898-1 instance increases dramatically in physical strength, infects 2 accompanying personnel before being terminated. Instance remains incinerated |
| Exposure to unfiltered fresh water  Treated as to not dissolve its container  | No notable effect beyond ordinary chemical burns |
| Exposure to untreated seawater from the Panarctic Ocean  Treated as to fit into the building  | Integrates with the water, becomes transmissible through any physical contact with the water as evident by multiple cases among attending staff. Water sample destroyed |
 _

> *Note: This anomaly has been marked as a primary candidate for the developing Salvation Initiative, a program to temporarily reassign recently traumatized researchers to safer, less stressful anomalies, due to its low staff death rate and similarity to mundane and ordinary phenomena.*

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

<< [SCP-7897](SCP-7897) | SCP-7898 | [SCP-7899](SCP-7899) >>

=====

---

> **Filename:** WisforWallsA

> **Name:** Dirty Room

> **Author:** Nitram242

> **License:** CC 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/25165196@N08/7725273678

> **Name:** Roommate

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

---

> **Filename:** WisforWallsB

> **Name:** dsc00123.jpg

> **Author:** Mike Linksvayer

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/mlinksva/515402228/

> **Name:** Tarantula

> **Author:** White Sands National Park

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/whitesandsnps/29492725824/

> **Name:** Another Roommate

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

=====
