**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7768 is to remain under surveillance at all times for any anomalous exterior behavior, and guarded by no less than three (3) low-profile security personnel at a time to prevent unauthorized entry. All relevant personnel will be stationed in an adjacent home, purchased by the Foundation and repurposed into a monitoring station. All windows are to remain externally covered at all times by thin sheets of adhesive-backed tinted plexiglass to prevent any outside view of the interior. Routine maintenance is to be conducted periodically on SCP-7768's exterior to ensure it does not fall into a conspicuous state of disrepair.

One (1) member of Class-D staff (Presently D-107476) is to be allowed to remain inside SCP-7768 to improve the morale and disposition of SCP-7768-1, and there should be no attempts made to retrieve them by force. In the event that D-107476 should unexpectedly expire, be rejected by SCP-7768-1, or otherwise become unavailable as a companion for the entity, a suitable replacement should be found, evaluated, and introduced into SCP-7768.

Entry into SCP-7768 should be made only with approval from the head researcher in charge of SCP-7768 (Presently Dr. Pope) for scheduled maintenance of monitoring equipment, and for scheduled weekly visits from a Foundation psychotherapist (Presently Dr. Schmidt). All non-D-Class entries should be escorted by at least two (2) unarmed Anomalous Interior Exploration (AIE) specialists from MTF-Theta-41 *("House Flipper")*. Formal research excursions are pending the approval of Proposal 7768-2.

**Description:** SCP-7768's exterior is a one-storey single-family residence constructed in the early 1980's, located in an outskirt neighborhood of █████████, ██████, though information about the house's ownership history, occupants, and exact construction records have not been located. Exterior windows display a view of the interior, switching between perspectives of rooms in different areas of the house at seemingly random intervals, consistent with other observed fluctuations in the interior's layout and contents. Attempts to open any windows from the outside have proven unsuccessful without risking damage to the exterior, which is to be avoided until the nature and mechanics of SCP-7768 are better understood. The exterior and its Architectural Matter (ArM) is otherwise completely unremarkable.

The interior of the building is a dense non-Euclidean labyrinth of rooms and hallways, with a shifting and often nonsensical layout. Only a small entryway located at the front door has been found to have stable and unchanging Architectural Matter, where remote monitoring equipment has been established. Current theory states that the interior is affected by the emotional state, impulses, and memories of SCP-7768-1. The interior appears divisible into distinct environments with corresponding contents and aesthetics; one in particular appears most dominant and common, visually consistent with the entryway and with the highest Stability and Cohesion (SaC) levels and visual detail. Other environments resemble other currently unidentified domestic homes, with varying levels of detail and Stability and Cohesion levels. Deeper into the house is a single locked interior door, through which SCP-7768-1's voice has been heard on the other side. The interior of this room has not been visually recorded or viewed by non-D-class personnel, but may contain a completely unique environment of interest to research staff. The surrounding ArM grows increasingly incoherent and unstable closer to this door, with environments blending together with no observable patterns.

Household items and utilities, including essentials such as food, water, electricity, and even clothing, can be found within SCP-7768. Any electronic devices within the building that were not introduced from the outside have no recorded ability to interact with any communication networks or radio frequencies on the outside, nor the ability to generate any frequencies or signals capable of reaching the outside. Anomalous frequencies operating just outside the known radio spectrum have been recorded by Foundation research equipment, often appearing when SCP-7768-1's voice is audible within the house.

Direct physical contact with SCP-7768-1 by Foundation research or tactical personnel has not yet been made due to its reclusive and timid demeanor, but verbal contact has yielded some information. It was one of the original occupants of the home before its transformation, is a young age somewhere in its early twenties (20's), suffers from severe mental health complications, and has previously been involved with an allegedly cult-like organization that has been marked as a Group of Interest. This GoI is likely to have been practicing unsanctioned thaumaturgy, and may provide leads into the origin of the anomaly.

Presently, D-107476 is the only member of Foundation personnel to have made direct contact with SCP-7768-1, after forming a rapport with the entity. Contact with the subject has been lost, but the entity claims they are in nominal condition. SCP-7768-1 appears to have become closely attached to D-107476 as a friend and confidant, and has stated a desire to keep D-107476 from the Foundation, which the entity claims was an action agreed upon by D-107476. Expectations are divided on whether D-107476's potential wishes to leave will be allowed by SCP-7768-1, which is anticipated to come at the end of their contractually obligated Foundation service.

---

<details>
<summary>+ Open MTF Entry Transcript 04/26/2019</summary>

**MTF ENTRY TEAM VIDEO LOG TRANSCRIPT**

**Date:** 04 / 26 / 2019 - 22:17

**Exploration Team:** MTF-Theta-41 *("House Flipper")* AIE Specialist Entry Team

**Subject:** SCP-7768

**Team Lead:** (41-1) Lieutenant Mel'nikov

**Team Members:** (41-2) Specialist Nito, (41-3) Specialist O'Brien, (41-4) Corporal Carter

**Note:** First MTF mobilization after an intercepted emergency services call reported a single shot fired and "strange sights and sounds". Local field agents investigated the location and assessed it as a potential Anomalous Interior. Objective is investigation and initial containment.

---

**[BEGIN LOG: 22:17]**

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "Command, this is Entry Team 41-Actual, helmet feed is now live, ready to commence on your mark.

**MTF Command:** "Copy that, entry team. Make sure your stabilization anchors are ready, and remember your RoE. This is a quiet neighborhood, and we don't know if any sound you make inside will wake anyone up. Good luck team, you are now clear to proceed at your discretion. Mark."

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "Copy, over."

*With the team of four in place, Lt. Mel'nikov opens the front door and leads the team inside. They proceed with weapons raised, slowly and procedurally checking all corners as they move through the entryway and down the only available hallway. Spc. O'Brien periodically activates and drops a stability anchor on the floor, each with a glowing green light. After about ten minutes of exploration with no sign of hostile contacts, two team members begin to speak quietly to eachother.*

**(41-4) Cpl. Carter:** "These houses always creep me out. I prefer when industrial buildings get all anomalous, it's not so personal and uncanny."

**(41-2) Spc. Nito:** "Hah, no way, not after that ███████ last year."

*Lt. Mel'nikov raises a hand to signal for the team to stop, and the chatter immediately ceases. A voice can be faintly heard somewhere nearby, too garbled by echoes to be decipherable. Heavy breaths and sobs can also be heard. The team slowly proceeds towards the noises, weapons raised.*

**SCP-7768-1:** (Barely audible) "...Oh god, oh god oh god oh god, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry..."

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "Identify yourself! If you attack, we will shoot!"

*The team slowly proceeds into a sparsely furnished living room, where an indistinctly blurry, distorted figure can be seen kneeling within the reflections of an upright mirror and the frames of wall-mounted pictures. The voice can be heard echoing from all exits to the room, and crackling through the speakers of a nearby television set.*

**SCP-7768-1:** "No, nononono, please, no... god, please please please no..."

**(41-2) Spc. Nito:** "Hey, we're not here to hurt you. Can you tell us who you are?"

*Brief pause in speech, and the figure in the reflections appears to shift position. Despite a lack of discernible features, the whole team reported a powerful and sudden sense of feeling "looked at" from now until exit. Stability anchor sensors registered several minor shifts in the Architectural Matter of adjacent regions of the building, corroborated by some walls noticeably "twitching" on the recording.*

**(41-4) Cpl. Carter:** (Muttered) "Oh, shit."

**SCP-7768-1:** "Oh god, oh god I'm dead, aren't I? Am I dead??"

**(41-2) Spc. Nito:** "I'm Nito, we heard something strange happened, can you tell us what's going on here?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "Who-- who are you? How, how did you get here? W-What do you want?!"

*Camera shakes slightly as loose objects in the surrounding momentarily rattle, and wood can be heard groaning. Spc. Nito lowers his weapon and raises his hands.*

**(41-2) Spc. Nito:** "Hey, hey, easy. You're clearly pretty upset by something, we're just here to see if we can help. Can you tell me what's wrong?"

**SCP-7768-1:** (Echoed voices suddenly much higher in volume) "P-Please don't hurt me! Just leave me alone!"

*There is another, more violent shake, causing the team to stumble slightly. An alarm beep begins sounding from the team's helmets as anchors register fluctuations outside safe ranges.*

**(41-3) Spc. O'Brien:** "Anchors reading major shifts!"

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "Everyone, move, now!"

*The team retreats along the path they entered, with shifting walls and rapidly re-arranging rooms visible from the corners of the camera's frame. Each dropped anchor they run past is flashing a red light.*

**[END LOG: 22:38]**

**Addendum:** Team exfiltration proceeded without further incident or contact. Stabilization anchors successfully maintained cohesion along the exit route, though their signals failed three minutes after exit. Team showed no evidence of anomalous contamination or effects after exposure. Building exterior's windows were covered, and will be monitored continuously for any further anomalous activity.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open D-Class Entry Transcript 04/29/2019</summary>

**D-CLASS EXPLORATION AUDIO LOG TRANSCRIPT**

**Date:** 04 / 29 / 2019

**Exploration Team:** D-107476

**Subject:** SCP-7768

**Team Lead:** N/A

**Team Members:** N/A

**Note:** After evaluation, D-107476 was sent inside SCP-7768 to make contact with SCP-7768-1. Dr. Pope hypothesizes that the entity will be more receptive to an unarmed individual than a tactical entry team. D-107476 was equipped with a flashlight, radio, first-aid kit, and audio recorder. Subject was briefed on necessary details and instructed to gather whatever information was available without agitating the entity.

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*After the recording starts, there is little audio beyond the opening and closing of the front door, and footsteps on carpet. Approximately sixteen minutes in, footsteps stop.*

**D-107476:** (Muttering to self) "Man, what the hell is up with this place...? I swear I've walked through, like, three different houses by now."

*Distant, indecipherable echoes matching SCP-7768-1's voice become audible.*

**D-107476:** "Hello? Someone there?"

*Footsteps continue slowly, following the source of the noise*

**D-107476:** "If there's something in here, just know that I'm not looking for trouble, okay?"

**SCP-7768-1:** (Multiple overlapping echoes) "Who... who are you?"

**D-107476:** "My name's Sam. I think you're the one I'm supposed to talk to, right? I... can't see you, but I get a strong sense you can see me. I'm not armed or anything."

**SCP-7768-1:** "W-What do you want?"

**D-107476:** "Just wanna chat, ask a couple questions, nothing serious. Could you, uh... maybe step out somewhere I can see you, talk face to face? If, uh, if you have one?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "Can you... just listen to me? Is that okay?"

**D-107476:** "Yeah, yeah, that's fine with me. So, mind if I ask what your name is?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "I'm not sure. It's... it's hard to think, everything just feels scattered and broken and foggy, and I'm... god, I'm so fucking scared, I don't know what's going on, o-or how much time is passing, or anything."

*There is a rattle from loose objects nearby.*

**D-107476:** "Hey, it's alright. You sound like you're in shock or something. This your house?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "I... think so. S-Some of it, at least. It's all a swirling mess, it's... something's wrong. Something's really, really wrong, I... I think I tried to... tried to do something bad, but it's all just a blur, and everything started stretching and warping and I couldn't feel my body anymore, and then, then those people with guns showed up and started yelling, and they did something in some of the hallways that felt like I was being burned, a-and..."

*The entity trails off with a heavy breathing sound, accompanied by another rattle and the sound of flexing wood.*

**D-107476:** "Don't worry, you've got nothing to be sorry for, I just... don't know what's going on, either. But maybe you can help me understand, yknow? We can work it out together. You just gotta try and calm down. I dunno, maybe find some way to ground yourself. Ah, you can see me, right? What color's my jumpsuit?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "Um... orange?"

**D-107476:** "Bingo. My hair?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "Black."

**D-107476:** "Yep. Can you see the big number on the back of the suit?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "It's, uh... ten, seventy-four, seventy-six?."

**D-107476:** "There we go. And I'm not gonna start changing any of that anytime soon, so you can count on those to stay the same."

**SCP-7768-1:** "Yeah... Thank you, Sam."

**D-107476:** "Any time. Mind if I try to find somewhere to sit?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "Oh, sure, go ahead."

*Footsteps resume for approximately four more minutes, until stopping as the subject sits. SCP-7768-1 is now audible through the speakers of a nearby television set, in addition to usual echoes.*

**SCP-7768-1:** "So... somebody sent you here, right? What do they want? Can, can they help me?"

**D-107476:** "Uhh, one sec."

*Radio squawks as D-107476 radios in to MTF Command.*

**D-107476:** "Hey, what can I tell them?"

**MTF Command:** "Whatever you need to. Try to cut down on the chatter, we don't know what effects it might have on you. Get what we need, and get out. Over."

**D-107476:** "Got it, boss. So... as far as I can tell, they're just called *'The Foundation.'* They're some super secret research thing, they look into weird shit. That's pretty much all I'm allowed to know, I'm just some lab rat they recruited out of prison. You mentioned people with guns came in the other day, that was probably also them. Anyway, they want me to gather as much information as I can on what might've made the house all weird. So, do you know of anything you might've come in contact with that could have caused something like this? Something that might've affected the house, or you?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "O-Okay, well... uh..."

*The entity pauses before continuing to speak, audibly taking a deep breath.*

**SCP-7768-1:** "There were... these people I used to hang around. I think I first started getting involved right after highschool. Um, they... were dealing in some really weird stuff. They were really, really strict about people in the group keeping it secret, and didn't like folks leaving. Talked about it being a family, and we all had to watch out for and protect eachother, and that meant keeping secrets, and... not questioning stuff. Uh, █████, he was... kinda the center of the whole thing, I guess. They did lots of stuff with trying to shift space around, making hiding places, or trying to find things. I was too new to really get to hear details on what they were doing, but they kept, like... doing these rituals. I, I never really got to see the end results, but they always... u-used... used me for them."

*SCP-7768-1's voice echoes grow quiet, now being primarily audible through the television speakers.*

**D-107476:** "Huh. Sounds like a gang... or a cult, I guess."

*Another audible wood creak can be heard in the recording.*

**SCP-7768-1:** "S-Something like that... Um, that-- that might have something to do with this, I guess. I only got away from them a bit ago, but..."

**D-107476:** "Uh... this room was bigger when I first came in, right?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "I'm sorry... I, I shouldn't talk about this, I..."

*Audio from the speakers slowly becomes too garbled to clearly decipher*

**D-107476:** "Kiddo? You there?"

*A louder creak along with a low rumble comes from nearby.*

**MTF Command:** "This is MTF Command, return to the entrance, we're pulling you out."

**D-107476:** "Got it. Hey, sorry to leave in a hurry. Nice to meet you, though."

**[END LOG]**

---

**Addendum:** D-107476 safely returned to MTF-Theta-41 *("House Flipper")* custody for debriefing. No anomalous contamination or effects were found in the subject. Subject expressed concern for SCP-7768-1 and its well-being, and its receptiveness towards the subject has been noted. The organization mentioned by SCP-7768-1 has been noted as a potential Group of Interest, pending further investigation.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open D-Class Entry Transcript 04/30/2019</summary>

**D-CLASS EXPLORATION AUDIO LOG TRANSCRIPT**

**Date:** 04 / 30 / 2019

**Exploration Team:** D-107476

**Subject:** SCP-7768

**Team Lead:** N/A

**Team Members:** N/A

**Note:** D-107476 was issued identical equipment to the previous entry. Dr. Pope gave the objective to obtain permission for a short research excursion and the establishment of remote monitoring equipment, alongside continued questioning and rapport-building.

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*After approximately five minutes after entry and the start of the recording, 107476 speaks.*

**D-107476:** "Hey, kiddo, I'm back! Dunno if you can hear-- (small gasp) Jesus."

*D-107476 startles, rattling the recording device.*

**D-107476:** "I don't know why I can always feel it so strongly when you're looking at me. I don't even know how to explain that it even is you looking at me. Was really sudden that time."

**SCP-7768-1:** "Oh, sorry. H-Hi, Sam. I... felt the door open and was looking to see who came in."

**D-107476:** "Bet you're glad it's not more Foundation stiffs with rifles. Hey, how exactly *can* you see me, anyway? You're not invisibly lurking right behind me or something, are you? Heheh."

**SCP-7768-1:** "No, no nothing like that, I-I think. It's... weird. I can see almost everything in the house, all layered on top of eachother. It's like, uhh... it's like when somebody's talking, and the TV's on, and somebody outside is making noise or whatever, and you can pick what to focus on. But it's like... my sight. I mostly see out of, uh... my body? I guess? But, but everything else is layered on top of that, and if I see or feel or hear something on one of those layers, I can focus on it."

**D-107476:** "That sorta makes sense, yeah. Hey, did you ever happen to remember your name?"

*D-107476 grunts accompanied by the squeak of furniture springs as they sit.*

**SCP-7768-1:** "Oh, uh. Kinda."

*The entity pauses before continuing.*

**SCP-7768-1:** "They... they took it from me."

**D-107476:** "What do you mean, who did?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "That, um... you called it a cult, when I told you about it. They said I didn't need one, that I was just a part of the whole. A-At some point, I just stopped even remembering what it used to be, they did so much shit to my head that... I-I guess they made me forget. Ripped it away from me. I remember that I chose it myself, that I worked so hard to get a name that fit me just right once I realized I wasn't cis, and they just... they destroyed that."

*There is a very brief rattle and groan from the nearby Architectural Matter. D-107476 pauses before speaking again.*

**D-107476:** "...Shhhit, kid. That's... that's pretty fucked up. I don't really know what to say, other than I'm sorry."

**SCP-7768-1:** "I... I'm sorry. Thank you. I, I didn't mean to just drop that on you, uh... did you have more questions?"

**D-107476:** "Hey, don't worry about it. I'm sure the information is still appreciated. And indeed I do. It's kind of a big one, but there's some scientists that want to come in here and do some poking around, and maybe set up a couple things to monitor the place for research. They promised nobody armed, it'd only be a group of three, and they wouldn't take too long. They'd come in as soon as I leave, as long as I get your blessing."

*SCP-7768-1's voice becomes quieter, primarily audible through a nearby device D-107476 later identified as a stereo.*

**SCP-7768-1:** "Oh, u-uh... I... I don't know. Can we just... k-keep talking a little longer?"

**D-107476:** "Fine with me. Not like I got anywhere else to be, either. Even if it's a bit spooky, this place is a lot nicer than the cell they've got me in."

**SCP-7768-1:** "You said they recruited you from prison, right? Do they keep you locked up still?"

*D-107476 sighs.*

**D-107476:** "...Yeah. Something about it being 'standard protocol' for somebody with a record like mine."

**SCP-7768-1:** "What do you mean, what kind of record?"

**D-107476:** "Oh, kiddo... I was on death row, I don't think you wanna know."

**SCP-7768-1:** "Oh, I'm sorry, of course, I, I shouldn't have asked, it's just... you seem so nice, it's... odd that they treat you like that."

**D-107476:** "Yeah."

*D-107476 pauses for approximately a full minute, taking a deep breath before speaking again.*

**D-107476:** "I shot my dad, in his own home. Almost got my mom, too. Totally premeditated. I plead guilty, but the judge and DA were so appalled at the familicide thing that I wound up on the chopping block anyway. Fair enough, I guess."

**SCP-7768-1:** "...Oh."

**D-107476:** "Yeah. Told you you didn't wanna know."

**SCP-7768-1:** "...Why'd you do it?"

*Another lengthy pause.*

**D-107476:** "They just... both treated me so awful, my whole life. They ruined every chance I could find at getting my own footing in life outside of their control, and... I thought I had nothing to lose, and they were both to blame. But, after a while in prison, waiting for my time, some Foundation rep showed up between a couple of guards, offered me a shot to turn things around."

**SCP-7768-1:** "Wait, so, you get to go free after this?"

**D-107476:** "Well, kinda. I'd get a reduced sentence, and just serve a couple more years. Like I said, I'm mostly a lab rat that they throw into various science-breaking meatgrinders for research purposes. I figure, hey: If I make it through all this, I get a second chance at living my life. And if I *don't...* maybe that's okay, too. 'Cause, look, I know the score. I know I just got caught up in this massive, generations-long, tangled-up cycle of violence, and I'm just another spoke in the wheel. It's gotta stop somewhere, right? ...Might as well be with me."

**SCP-7768-1:** "But... y-you don't have to *die* to break that cycle, right?"

**D-107476:** "Well... guess we'll see."

*About eighty seconds of silence later, D-107476 can be heard rapidly standing to their feet, swearing under their breath.*

**D-107476:** "Th'fuck was that? I saw something move in the reflections of the stuff on the wall. I... I swear there's something in them that isn't in the room, but I can't make it out. The hell's going on?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "S-Sorry, I, u-uh... I don't know how to explain, I j-just..."

*Loose objects audibly rattle.*

**D-107476:** "Hey, hang on, you're not in trouble, you just gave me a startle. Try not to freak out on me, alright? The walls start moving whenever you do."

**SCP-7768-1:** "I-I know, I'm sorry, I just... I don't want you to be mad at me, you're the only one I've been able to talk to this whole time, a-and... I still don't know what happened to me or the house, o-or what's going on at all! Do you... do you think those scientists can help me? Like, m-maybe they could figure it out, a-and fix me?"

**D-107476:** "It's alright, I'm not mad. I don't know how much they could help, but... they'd definitely be the most well-qualified to at least figure things out, as far as I know."

**SCP-7768-1:** "Then... *fuck.* Then tell them that they can... l-look around, I guess. I-I don't really have any other options, do I?"

**D-107476:** "I wish you did, kiddo. I really do. I'll keep my fingers crossed for you, hopefully they treat you alright."

**MTF Command:** "'76, we're preparing our research team now. Exit the house."

**D-107476:** "Alright, on my way. See you around, hopefully I can visit again soon."

**SCP-7768-1:** "Bye, Sam. I hope... I hope you make it."

**D-107476:** (Quietly) "Thanks, kiddo."

**[END LOG]**

---

**Addendum:** D-107476 safely returned to MTF-Theta-41 ("House Flipper") custody for debriefing. No anomalous contamination or effects were found in the subject. D-107476 attempted to advocate for humane treatment of SCP-7768-1. Subject failed to recall a clear description of any sightings of the entity, and reflections described match MTF entry team footage. Dr. Pope theorized they coincide with the nearby presence of SCP-7768-1 in the house, and insisted on joining the research team. (See expedition log below.)

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open Research Expedition Log 04/30/2019</summary>

= **EXPEDITION EVENT LOG**

---

**DATE:** 04 / 30 / 2019 - 18:16

**EXPEDITION TEAM:** AIE Specialist Lt. Mel'nikov and Spc. O'Brien, Doctors Pope and Emerson

**SUBJECT:** SCP-7768

**NOTE:** Research expedition with the primary goal of setting up monitoring and data-gathering equipment, the secondary goal of exploring and charting the house, and the tertiary goal of direct visual contact with SCP-7768-1. Dr Pope emphasized a need to "tread lightly" to avoid agitating SCP-7768-1, and required AIE specialists be unarmed, but authorized usage of stability anchors for their safety.

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

**TIME: 18:16 -** Initial entry into SCP-7768. Entryway identical to footage recorded by MTF entry team and as described by D-107476. A comprehensive Stability and Cohesion (SaC) scan has found the Architectural Matter of the entryway stable, with no changes recent enough to be detectable.

**TIME: 18:34 -** Monitoring equipment set up near front door, with a confirmed secure encrypted connection to MTF monitoring station.

**TIME: 18:36 -** All readings except SaC activity in the broader area check as nominal.

**TIME: 18:41 -** Research team proceeds inside. All note a sudden feeling of being watched, but short-range motion detectors reveal no activity. Scans of psychic activity proved inconclusive. Psy-counters left active to monitor ongoing activity.

**TIME: 18:47 -** Spc. O'Brien deploys first stability anchor.

**TIME: 18:49 -** Primary environment aesthetically consistent with the entryway designated 7768-Internal Environment-1, or IE-1. Consistently contains a short-trim beige carpet, off-white plaster walls, numerous namely framed images of indistinct subjects on the walls, upholstered and wooden furnishings, consumer electronics, and dome light fixtures attached to the ceiling. All objects found seem to be in unremarkable condition, and show scanned SaC levels consistent with the surrounding Architectural Matter (AM). Rooms found so far consist largely of living rooms, hallways, empty closets, and bathrooms with running water.

**TIME: 18:58 -** Verbal contact made with SCP-7768-1. Vocal presence coincided with increased activity recorded by psy-counters. Dr. Pope introduced herself, and asked to meet the entity in person. Entity declined. Entity then asked if the anchors were necessary, expressed experiencing physical discomfort at their activation. Dr. Pope stated that they were for the team's safety, but assured that the expedition would not last long.

**TIME: 19:13 -** Dr. Pope questions the entity on the "cult" it was in contact with. Entity relayed information consistent with thaumaturgic practices pertaining to creating and modifying Anomalous Interiors. Before concrete information about the group's leadership or details about their practices could be ascertained, entity became distressed and withdrew from discussion on the topic. Psy-counter activity dipped, but did not return to nominal levels.

**TIME: 19:40 -** Research team's wandering brings them to an area designated IE-2. Environment consists of wood-paneled walls, beige shag carpet, consumer electronic devices appearing to be much older than those in IE-1, leather and wooden furnishings, and light fixtures largely comprised of floor lamps. Much more sparsely decorated, with environment-native objects lacking visual detail when closely examined, with SaC levels notably lower than IE-1 in both objects and ArM. The area found within this environment only consisted of a living room, bathroom with running water, and hallway.

**TIME: 19:42 -** Spc. O'Brien deploys second stability anchor.

**TIME: 19:48 -** Research team exits IE-2, and returns to IE-1, where a kitchen is found, stocked with unremarkable dry and canned goods in the cupboards, and perishables in the refrigerator. Samples from both have been taken for examination.

**TIME: 19:51 -** SCP-7768-1 makes second verbal contact, asking when next it may speak with D-107476. Dr. Pope promised another visit soon, and inquired about the Internal Environments. Entity stated that it was primarily its home, but the other environments resembled the homes of close friends or family members according to its memories. Psy-counter activity rises again, and does not diminish for the remainder of the expedition.

**TIME: 19:55 -** Entity reiterates discomfort from anchors. Dr. Pope assures they will be used more sparsely from now on, and tells Spc. O'Brien to deploy them as sparingly as possible.

**TIME: 20:01 -** Team notices a silhouette reflected in the wall decorations, consistent with previous instances. Dr. Pope asks if the entity is nearby. Entity evades answering. Dr. Emerson observes that the entity seems afraid of the four of them, remarking on conflict-aversion potentially making research easier.

**TIME: 20:08 -** Team briefly passes through an area designated IE-3, only consisting of a dead-end hallway and bedroom, but with SaC levels nearly equal to that of IE-1, with objects depicted in sharp detail equivalent to those found in IE-1. SCP-7768-1 pleads the team to move on from the bedroom. Team complies to avoid agitating the entity.

**TIME: 20:21 -** SaC monitoring equipment alerts team to a dip in levels as they proceed. Walls visibly "twitch" and the already indistinct contents of framed images are seen slowly swirling. Spc. O'Brien deploys a third stability anchor.

**TIME: 20:45 -** Proceeding further into the house, psy-counter activity steadily climbs. Dr. Emerson stops for a more comprehensive scan of psychic activity, which largely registers noise yielding no solid data to clarify origin, type, or potential effects.

**TIME: 20:48 -** Team encounters a hallway consistent with IE-2, but no rooms or additional paths before returning to IE-1. SaC monitoring registers levels dipping below nominal in the team's immediate surroundings.

**TIME: 20:50 -** Spc. O'Brien deploys a fourth stability anchor, which immediately transmits an alert for SaC levels below nominal upon activation.

**TIME: 20:52 -** SCP-7768-1, whose voice is notably clearer and less garbled by echoes, though audibly strained, apologizes for the surroundings becoming "weirder," presumably referencing diminishing SaC levels. Dr. Pope responds with an acceptance of the apology, and requests that the entity make its best effort to hold things together. Entity promises to do its best.

**TIME: 21:00 -** Environment's visual clarity deteriorates as the team proceeds, and light fixtures become sparse enough to necessitate usage of flashlights. No singular Internal Environment can be identified, but elements from the three encountered, as well as others not yet identified, are visible in furnishings, flooring, decorations, etc. All of which hold inconsistent levels of visual detail. Some objects appear to "bleed" into eachother, with physical forms appearing melted and partially merged together, consistent with highly unstable ArM.

**TIME: 21:03 -** Spc. O'Brien deploys a fifth stability anchor, and advises that they should not stay much longer. Lt. Mel'nikov agrees.

**TIME: 21:09 -** Dr. Emerson spots an area re-arrange itself in real time, and the team watches as a large room adjacent to them occasionally shifts and fades between different room contents and layouts, without settling on one for more than one (1) minute. Scans of nearby AM show hazardously low SaC levels in the fluctuating area, but enough stability to proceed along the path forward.

**TIME: 21:14 -** Research team encounters an interior door, which unlike all others so far encountered, is firmly locked. SCP-7768-1's voice can be heard through it, pleading the team to leave. Psy-counters register highest recorded activity. ArM SaC levels both monitored by the research team's carried equipment, and the anchors so far deployed, all register dips into dangerous levels. Dr. Pope asks the entity if she can ask a few questions, and the entity only insists that they leave, reiterating the pain caused by the anchors. Dr. Emerson and Lt. Mel'nikov advise a swift retreat, and Dr. Pope agrees.

**TIME: 21:49 -** The rooms and objects adjacent to the research team's path back to the entryway can be seen twitching or moving, with some rooms along the way actively re-arranging. However, the stability anchors maintain a cohesive path back out as the team maintains a brisk pace.

**TIME: 22:33 -** Successful exit through the entryway. Dr. Pope asks Spc. O'Brien to remotely disable all anchors, but remote contact with them is lost before he can.

**[END LOG]**

---

**ADDENDUM:** The food samples taken from the kitchen-like area have proved unremarkable, and the team was found to have no anomalous contamination or effects upon leaving. Doctors Pope and Emerson feel confident in ruling out that the house itself was previously anomalous, and its transformation into a non-Euclidean Anomalous Interior likely stem from SCP-7768-1 and anomalous contamination from the GoI.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open D-Class Entry Transcript 05/01/2019</summary>

**D-CLASS EXPLORATION AUDIO LOG TRANSCRIPT**

**Date:** 05 / 01 / 2019

**Exploration Team:** D-107476

**Subject:** SCP-7768

**Team Lead:** N/A

**Team Members:** N/A

**Note:** D-107476 was issued identical equipment to the previous entry. Subject tasked with reaching the locked door discovered on the research expedition and, if possible, leverage extant rapport with SCP-7768-1 to gain entry and report on interior.

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*On entering, D-107476 calls out a greeting, but receives no reply. Subject walks for five minutes before trying again.*

**D-107476:** "Hey, Kiddo, you there?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "Hi, Sam. I tried to reply when you first came in, b-but I don't seem to be able to throw my voice that far..."

**D-107476:** "No worries. So, hey, do you mind if I, like... go further into this place?"

*There is a pause before the entity responds.*

**SCP-7768-1:** "...Do they want you to go to the locked door they found?"

**D-107476:** "...Yeah. They didn't treat you too bad when they came in, did they?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "Well... not too bad, I guess. I wish they wouldn't use those anchor things, though..."

**D-107476:** "I'm sorry, kiddo. I'm sure they'd say it's 'standard procedure' or some shit, but it sucks that you have to go through that."

**SCP-7768-1:** "Yeah... well, uh. Anyway. I mostly just really wanted them to leave after all that, b-but... I could let you in, if you want."

**D-107476:** "Alright. Well, how do I get to this door?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "Um... it'll be easiest if I just give you directions as you go, I think."

**D-107476:** "Sounds good to me."

*The entity begins to guide D-107476 through simple instructions of left and right turns. About twenty minutes in, instructions start becoming more complex, such as asking the subject to step through a closet or to crawl through a kitchen cupboard for 'shortcuts' through the house. Eventually, directions become straightforward again after a long hallway. Guided traversal through the building continues for another fifteen minutes, until reaching the locked door. From here onward, SCP-7768-1's voice no longer echoes, and sounds as though in local physical space.*

**D-107476:** "Well... looks like I'm here."

**SCP-7768-1:** (Muffled through door) "Y-Yeah..."

**D-107476:** "Oh, shit, wait, are you, like... *in there*-in there?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "Yeah. I... can't really leave. I can like, project myself, but it gets harder and weaker the further out I go, like how I couldn't even reply when you first came in and said something. I'm... trapped, as far as I can tell."

**D-107476:** "Oh. Well, uh... think I could come in? Would be nice to finally see you face-to-face."

*SCP-7768-1 audibly takes a deep breath, and is silent for a moment. Then, a metallic click is registered by the recording.*

**SCP-7768-1:** "It's unlocked."

*D-107476 opens the door, which squeaks loudly as the hinges move. Audio of foliage rustling and cicadas chirping can be heard in the distance once the door is open.*

**D-107476:** (Under breath) "Holy shit."

**MTF Command:** "'76, what do you see?"

**D-107476:** "It's... it's *outdoors??* There's a night sky with stars up there, but no moon. There's a wood floor, but only in a radius, there's just... darkness past a certain point, no walls that I can see, but... I think that's a street lamp, way off in the distance ahead of me. There's just... normal bedroom stuff in the middle, bed, desk, dresser, that sorta thing. Fucking weird. Hey, buddy, where'd you go?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "U-Uh... behind the dresser. I'm... I'm coming out now, just-- d-don't freak out, please..."

**D-107476:** "What do you m-- *Oh.* Whoa."

**SCP-7768-1:** "Hi, Sam..."

**D-107476:** "Hey, kiddo. You're... you look like--"

*SCP-7768-1 chuckles softly.*

**SCP-7768-1:** "Y-Yeah, I know... Um, my old body didn't look like this, it was just... a normal human body. I, uh... I like this one a lot more though, but it's... it's hard to say it's worth being trapped here."

**D-107476:** "Yeah, I think I getcha. Well, nice to finally see you. I like the tail."

**SCP-7768-1:** "Thank you, Sam. Uh... could I... talk to you about something?"

**MTF Command:** "'76, can you describe the entity?"

**D-107476:** "One sec, boss. Uh, what's up?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "I, um... hang on, j-just a sec."

*D-107476's bootsteps audibly echo as they step further into the room. Audio suspected to be some sort of paper being exchanged is briefly heard.*

**D-107476:** "Lemme see here... Hm. You sure about this?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "O-Only if you want to. And you don't have to, a-at all."

**MTF Command:** "'76, what's going on?"

*The subject heaves a frustrated sigh.*

**D-107476:** "...Ah, what the hell. Fuck it."

*The audio transmission records the sound of a single sharp impact before the feed goes dead.*

**MTF Command:** "'76, come in! Report! *...Shhhit."*

**[END LOG]**

---

**Addendum:** Contact was lost with D-107476. All immediate attempts made to re-establish contact have been unsuccessful. As per procedure, MTF Command will wait 24 hours since loss of contact before preparing a retrieval team, with attempts made to re-establish contact made every hour.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open MTF Entry Transcript 05/02/2019</summary>

**MTF Entry Team Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** 05 / 02 / 2019 - 07:30

**Exploration Team:** MTF-Theta-41 *("House Flipper")* AIE Specialist Entry Team

**Subject:** SCP-7768

**Team Lead:** (41-1) Lieutenant Mel'nikov

**Team Members:** (41-2) Specialist Nito, (41-3) Specialist O'Brien, (41-4) Corporal Carter

**Note:** After 24 hours, team prepared for entry with the objective of subject recovery, and deployed before sunrise. Spc. O'Brien was cleared to make more frequent use of stabilization anchors given increased potential for hostile resistance.

---

**[BEGIN LOG: 05:30]**

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "MTF Command, this is Entry Team 41-Actual, helmet feed is now live, ready to proceed for subject retrieval on your mark, over."

**MTF Command:** "Copy that, team leader. Subject is presumed to be behind the locked door deep in the house, use your breach charges if you have to. If that fails, at least get us some answers, but fall back at the first sign of danger. Mark."

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "Acknowledged, over."

*Lt. Mel'nikov opens the door, and the team of four proceeds inside. They move swiftly and quietly through the house, with Spc. O'Brien periodically deploying anchors more liberally than previous entries. Walls can be seen twitching and loose objects periodically rattle as they proceed. After fifteen minutes at a swift, constant pace, the team's path straight forward according to helmet compasses brings them back to the second dropped anchor.*

**(41-4) Cpl. Carter:** "The fuck? It didn't do that last time."

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "Command, this is entry team, has the path deeper into the house ever been recursive?"

**MTF Command:** "This is command, that's a negative. Pick another cardinal and move, see if it loops again, over."

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "Solid copy, over. Alright team, let's move."

*Lt. Mel'nikov points to a perpendicular direction to the path taken thus far, and the team begins to move forward. Almost immediately, all lights flicker out, necessitating usage of infrared night vision and IR illuminators.*

**(41-4) Cpl. Carter:** (Muttering to self) "I *reeeally* don't like this..."

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "Can it."

*After twenty minutes of continued travel, the path returns to the fifth dropped anchor. Paths not maintained by the anchors and the objects within appear almost as though "melting" slightly.*

**(41-3) Spc. O'Brien:** "Looks like our host doesn't want houseguests. SaC levels are holding, but the paths are still looping."

**(41-2) Spc. Nito:** "Lieutenant, permission to try making contact with the entity?"

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "Worth a shot. Just be ready to haul ass at the first sign of trouble."

*The team nods, and Spc. Nito lowers his weapon and holds out his empty hands before speaking with a raised voice.*

**(41-2) Spc. Nito:** "Hey, can you hear me? We just want to find 107476."

*Surrounding loose objects rattle as the ground momentarily shakes, before SCP-7768-1's voice can be heard, echoing from all directions.*

**SCP-7768-1:** (Audibly strained) "I... I-I won't let you. I'm keeping them safe, they don't wanna be in a cell anymore, a-and... and I don't want to be alone."

**(41-2) Spc. Nito:** "Well... are they okay? Is everyone safe?"

*As Spc. Nito communicates with the entity, Lt. Mel'nikov speaks in a very low voice into his radio.*

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** (Quietly) "Command, this is entry team, we have a potential hostage situation, over."

**MTF Command:** "Copy that, entry team. I'm monitoring your cam feed, stand by."

**SCP-7768-1:** "They're... they're okay, I-I'm letting them stay in one of the rooms, I'm keeping it stable for them."

**(41-2) Spc. Nito:** "Okay, good. Is there something you want in exchange for '76's return?"

**SCP-7768-1:** "W-What? Wait, no, nonono, they're... they're not a *prisoner,* they agreed to stay here! Like I said, I'm... I'm keeping them safe. I won't let you take them back, you don't even use their name! Please, just go. Leave us alone. Those anchors hurt so much."

**MTF Command:** "Entry team, this is command. Don't risk further agitating it, and pull back. If one expendable D-class is enough to placate the entity, we may have a foothold for the researchers. Over."

**(41-1) Lt. Mel'nikov:** "Copy that, command, pulling out. Team, let's go, double-time it!"

*Team extracts via following stability anchors without any further recursion or resistance. Upon exiting, remote contact with stability anchors is lost again.*

**[END LOG: 10:13]**

---

**Addendum:** All further attempts to re-establish contact with or retrieve D-107476 have been suspended indefinitely.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>+ Open Proposal 7768-1</summary>

= **PROPOSAL 7768-1**

---

**DATE:** 05 / 05 / 2019

**SUBMITTED BY:** Dr Pope, Head Researcher

**STATUS:** APPROVED BY O5 COUNCIL

---

On a once-weekly basis, a Foundation psychotherapist should be escorted into SCP-7768, only far enough to facilitate communication with SCP-7768-1. This will allow further analysis of the entity's past, evaluation of its cognitive and emotional states, and to improve the entity's morale. This will serve to facilitate cooperation with the entity, expected to lead to increased stability and cohesion of the interior's architectural matter. Secondarily, the psychotherapist will hopefully also be able to check in on the status of D-107476. The psychotherapist of choice will be chosen and evaluated by Doctors Pope and Emerson for suitability according to current knowledge of the entity, and escorted by two (2) plainclothes, unarmed members of MTF-Theta-41 *("House Flipper")* during each visit.

---

**ADDENDUM:** One Dr. Schmidt has been evaluated and approved. She has begun routine visits into the anomaly. Usage of stability anchors has been suspended for these visits, but ArM SaC levels are constantly monitored to ensure safety.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open Proposal 7768-2</summary>

= **PROPOSAL 7768-2**

---

**DATE:** 05 / ██ / 2019

**SUBMITTED BY:** Dr Pope, Head Researcher

**STATUS:** PENDING APPROVAL; ON HOLD

---

Organize further research excursions into SCP-7768 with larger, more well-equipped teams. Ideally, this will come with the cooperation of SCP-7768-1 to ensure enough ArM stability to eliminate the need for stability anchors, and to ensure minimal obstacles in venturing through the interior. The anchors have consistently been shown to agitate the entity, and despite their ability to maintain cohesive exit paths for long enough for an entry team to extract, the distress of the entity seems to pose a larger threat to the viability of research endeavors. One occasion has shown that if outsiders are unwelcome enough, paths into the house will become recursive to prevent ingress. If the efforts of Dr. Schmidt and the ongoing presence of D-107476 help improve the entity's morale sufficiently, research excursions may even become routine enough to allow complete understanding of this particular anomaly.

---

**ADDENDUM:** Proposal 7768-2 will be considered 'on hold' until the full cooperation and approval of SCP-7768-1 can be acquired.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-7767](SCP-7767) | SCP-7768 | [SCP-7769](SCP-7769) >>
