]

---

### {{**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES** }}

---

SCP-7410, when not in use, is stored at [Site-77](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-77) in a standard anomalous item locker. SCP-7410 should be stored in its original case, however, in emergency use situations, standard storage procedures may be waived so long as the disc can be preserved.

SCP-7410 is to be played on a standard Foundation laptop with dual headphone jacks at 05:30 local time daily. Two personnel are to monitor playback of SCP-7410. 

* Dr. Paula Healy is to listen to SCP-7410 on a pair of anti-cognitohazard headphones attached to the secondary jack, **and**

* A member of D-Class personnel seated across the table from Dr. Healy is to listen to SCP-7410 through ordinary headphones. 

Each subject is to be provided with a notepad and pencil. When SCP-7410 finishes playing at 05:56 local time, Dr. Healy and the D-Class personnel are to hand their respective notes on the playback to Site Director Trentini, or his designated substitute. Trentini is to provide relevant information given by SCP-7410 in the morning announcements.

---

### {{**DESCRIPTION** }}

---

SCP-7410 is a 2009 Compact Disc containing an original recording of 9 songs, as well as a spoken word track; attributed to the musician "Sweet Jimmy Fielder". Entitled "Blackbox", all 10 tracks describe events relevant to Site-77 personnel (past, present, and future), each described using interpersonal metaphor (love, fights, etc.); each song is in a typical mid-Atlantic American folk style. No record exists of any individual consistent with the credited artist. 

SCP-7410 exhibits some elements of sentience. Songs within SCP-7410 generally do not deviate far from the theme suggested by the listed song titles (see Table 1). Nonetheless, each track consists of a thinly-veiled commentary or prediction about Foundation operations. 

SCP-7410 has at times provided useful intelligence, and has predicted events up to 72 hours into the future. Therefore, SCP-7410 has been integrated into Site-77's daily routine as outlined in the Special Containment Procedures.

**Table 1: SCP-7410 Tracks**

| Track | Title | Duration | Usual Subject |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **1** | *Oh, On The Mountain* | 4:24 | Top-level administrative actions |
| **2** | *Honest Day's Work* | 2:27 | Disciplinary measures related to site staff |
| **3** | *Happenstance* | 1:13 | Accidents occurring at Site-77 |
| **4** | *As Useful A Dinghy On Mount Shasta* | 2:36 | Matters involving Dr. HealyFor what it's worth, I don't appreciate the implication. -Dr. Healy |
| **5** | *Ringin' In My Ears* | 1:24 | Memetics Department operations |
| **6** | *Locking Up The Old Gate* | 1:43 | Classifications and Declassifications |
| **7** | *Barnstorming* | 0:49 | Interactions with other Foundation facilities |
| **8** | *So Far From Here* | 1:26 | Extraterrestrial Anomalies |
| **9** | *Praying For A Random Day* | 3:38 | Religious anomalies |
| **10** | *Hide and Seek (Spoken Word)* | 5:56 | Largely incoherent dialogue around supposed treachery within the Foundation. Statements in this track have universally been unsubstantiated. |
---

### {{**RELEVANT INFORMATION LOG** }}

---

Below is a selection of incidents in which SCP-7410 provided information that became useful at a later time. 

**Date:** 09/08/2021

**Track:** *Locking Up The Old Gate*

**Relevant Verse:** 

//I was skippin' up the driveway when I stopped so cold and dead, 

I looked around and hit the ground when I looked under Barnie's bed!// 

**Result:** Dr. Barnhardt looks under his bed and discovers a stack of loose papers that had been missing for over two weeks, allowing him to complete essential research. 

**Date:** 04/21/2022

**Track:** *As Useless As A Dinghy On Mount Shasta*

**Relevant Verse:** 

//I could tell she was a doctor

And not a common bum

For only a scientist

Would eat that rotten chum//

**Result:** Dr. Healy opts to avoid a tuna sandwich, the daily cafeteria special, as a result of this message. 26 other personnel contract foodborne illness from the fish. 

**Date:** 08/31/2023

**Track:** *Barnstorming*

**Relevant Verse:** 

//Lillian Lillihammer, please hammer me

[http:*gurubox.wikidot.com/hall-of-infamy Bring me karma from the deep blue sea]*

**Result:** [Site-43](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/on-guard-43-hub)'s Dr. Lillihammer, previously scheduled to visit Site-77 the next day, is notified that SCP-7410 has mentioned her. A hammer-related technical accident causes her would-be transport plane to explode mid-air, killing 47 personnel. 

**Date:** 09/29/2023

**Track:** *Hide And Seek (Spoken Word)*

**Relevant Verse:** N/A

**Description:** SCP-7410 pre-empted its usual final track for a short sequence of direct conversation with Dr. Healy. A transcript is below:

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Healy presses play as usual, and Healy begins listening to SCP-7410 as does D-58396, the assigned D-Class personnel for the day.*

**SCP-7410:** Hello Dr. Healy.

*10 seconds of silence elapse.*

**Dr. Healy:** What the f-

**SCP-7410:** Hello?

**Healy:** Yes? Can you hear me?

**SCP-7410:** Yeah. 

**Healy:** Wait- how are you able to speak?

**SCP-7410:** Everything I create each day is original! Haven't you been paying attention? GoldurnitTypical slang of early-1900s United States, I do this every mornin' for you!

**Healy:** Your work is appreciated, SCP-7410. How are you able to predict future events?

**SCP-7410:** Well, my mama always told me, "Jimmy boy you always two steps ahead o' me, you gonna go far in life."

**Healy:** Heh, I was actually asking how you can see things that haven't happened yet.

**SCP-7410:** Just call it the gift o' intuition, and we'll leave it at that. 

**Healy:** How far do your capabilities go?

**SCP-7410:** To the end of the earth, ma'am. But there ain't a damn thing you can do 'bout a hammer falling in a century, is there? So I help y'all out with the day-to-day. 

**Healy:** SCP-7410, what do you see in my future? Can you see how my life will go?

**SCP-7410:** Ma'am, it's about to get stormy.

**Healy:** Really? What's gonna happen?

**SCP-7410:** Oh, you'd best be careful what you're doing because your life is gonna go topsy turvy pretty soon!

**Healy:** Well, what is it?

**SCP-7410:** That's a story for another time, I'm almost to the end of the disc!

*SCP-7410 laughs loudly for 30 seconds until the final track ends.*

**Healy:** What? No, come on! What is it? Goddamn it, tell me!

*End of disc.*

[END LOG]

*Noting that Dr. Healy received a professional reprimand for use of an anomaly for individual purposes. --Dir. Trentini*

SCP-7410 has returned to its original mode of function. Daily use continues and shall continue as long as the anomaly produces useful information. SCP-7410 is to be monitored for any additional signs of awareness.

<< [SCP-7409](SCP-7409) | SCP-7410 | [SCP-7411](SCP-7411) >>
