]

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains a content warning for: Verbal abuse, emotional abuse and suicide.

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** A single instance of SCP-7829-1 is to be kept in climate-controlled storage at Site-83. MTF Upsilon-23 ('Art Critics') are to monitor art galleries, auction houses and other venues specialising in the sale or display of 19th-century art for any additional instances of SCP-7829-1. If an additional instance is located, it is to be secured, catalogued and then incinerated. 

SCP-7829-2 is contained within a standard human containment cell in Site-83. Personnel assigned to SCP-7829-2 are to be rotated on a bi-monthly basis. Staff caught fraternising with SCP-7829-2 are to be immediately reassigned. Under no circumstances is SCP-7829-2 to be given a device with internet access.

A bot network is to run a constant disinformation campaign across all social media and fan sites relating to SCP-7829-2. This campaign is to spread the claim that it is suffering from unresponsive wakefulness syndrome Commonly known as a vegetative state.  due to the events of Incident-27A and is consequently hospitalised. Any video footage of Incident-27A uploaded by fans or other sources is to be taken down and discredited by alleging it was edited or made with Artificial Intelligence.

**Description:** SCP-7829-1 is a full body oil portrait depicting SCP-7829-2. It was painted in the late 19th century by artist Basil Hallward. Testing has determined that SCP-7829-1 is physically consistent with a painting of its age, make and material. 

According to SCP-7829-2, only one instance of SCP-7829-1 was produced initially. However, after the intervention of SCP-7829-2's associate Lord Henry Wotton, an estimated 20,000 more instances were created through unknown means. The location and status of SCP-7829-1's remaining instances, including the original, is unknown.  

All copies of SCP-7829-1 can be destroyed or damaged via non-anomalous factors. The destruction of an SCP-7829-1 instance causes SCP-7829-2 to experience a migraine that lasts between 15 minutes and an hour.

SCP-7829-2 is a 155-year-old human male named Dorian Gray, born in London, England. SCP-7829-2 is not believed to be anomalous, instead gaining its anomalous abilities from its connection to SCP-7829-1. So long as there is at least one instance of SCP-7829-1, SCP-7829-2 is immortal. It does not age, nor does it receive any physical damage. The nature of this connection is unclear. However, SCP-7829-2 claims that every copy of SCP-7829-1 has a piece of its soul. As a consequence, the paintings take on all the effects of its aging, injuries, sickness, and 'sins The exact definition of a sin in this context is unknown. SCP-7829-2 has been unable to provide a concrete definition of the term, stating that a sin is any terrible thing it does. .' 

Before containment, SCP-7829-2 had a substantial online presence, with a total of 300 million followers across multiple social media platforms, under the username @realdoriangray. A notable vocal proportion of these followers, operating under the mantle of 'Dorianators', appear fanatically devoted to SCP-7829-2. Research into whether these individuals are under an unknown form of anomalous influence created by SCP-7829-2 is ongoing.

**Discovery:** SCP-7829-2 was first discovered on New Year's Eve in 2024 after its involvement in Incident-27A. This incident involved SCP-7829-2 hosting a live stream for its followers. This live stream was advertised as an 'once in a lifetime experience.' Fans were offered an opportunity to participate in the live stream, with places being sold for $100,000 USD. A total of 23 people were present with SCP-7829-2 during the incident.

Three hours into the live stream, a net suspended between 2 buildings snapped, causing SCP-7829-2 and the 23 fans to fall 27 stories, killing everyone except SCP-7829-2. The Foundation quickly became aware of the incident after footage started going viral online, largely pushed by SCP-7829-2's fans celebrating its survival. SCP-7829-2 was quickly detained, the footage suppressed, and a cover story spread. SCP-7829-1 was acquired from SCP-7829-2's apartment soon after once their connection was discovered.

**Addendum 7829.1: Post-Containment Initial Interview**

After SCP-7829-2 was brought into containment, Researcher Leo Abernathy was assigned to conduct the initial interview. This interview took place 5 days after it was contained.

**Date:** 5/1/2025

**Interviewer:** Researcher Leo Abernathy

**Interviewee:** SCP-7829-2

---

[BEGIN LOG]   

*SCP-7829-2 is brought into Interview Room 1A 15 minutes before the arrival of Researcher Leo Abernathy. During its time alone, SCP-7829-2 sat in a chair and put its feet up on the interview room's table. It then proceeded to twiddle its thumbs and hum until Abernathy entered the room. Upon seeing him, SCP-7829-2 jumped up and smiled warmly at him.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Finally! I was beginning to think I would be rendered unconscious by this boring room and the lack of good company.  

*SCP-7829-2 holds out its hand to Researcher Abernathy. Abernathy ignores the gesture.* 

**Abernathy:** Hello SCP-7829-2, my name is Researcher Abernathy, and I will be conducting the interview with you today. If you could take a seat, we can get started.

**SCP-7829-2:** Please, I must ask that you call me Dorian, or failing that, Mr Gray. The numbers and terms you people insist on using simply will not do.

**Abernathy:** Procedure dictates I refer to you by your designation.

*SCP-7829-2 pouts, and a look of annoyance flashes across its face.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Fine, if you insist, I shan't argue.

*It sits down, and Abernathy sits across from it.*

**Abernathy:** Alright, there won't be much for us to cover today. I want to get some basic background on you and your abilities.

**SCP-7829-2:** This again? I assure you, I have nothing more to add to what I told the last person I spoke to. Besides, there are much more interesting topics of conversation we could be engaging in. 

**Abernathy:** I know you've spoken with one of my colleagues about this before, but I would like you to go over everything again.

**SCP-7829-2:** Fine, but I shall make it quick so that we might move onto other more intriguing matters. I was born in 1870 to a soon-to-a-dead father and a soon-to-be-dead mother. Because of their untimely demises, my early life was spent under the heel of my horrid grandfather until his death. At which point, I was placed under the care of some of his associates until I came of age. While waiting for the day my inheritance came solely under my control, I began to immerse myself in London's high society. It was there that I met Basil Hallward, an artist of decent reputation and true talent but a rather rancid man at heart. 

It was dear old Basil who painted the portrait that allows me to speak to you today. It was soon after we met that he started insisting on painting it, and I accepted because I was weak to all the flattering words he sent my way. It was a boring experience, standing there for days at a time as he silently painted away. And the old outfit he dug up from an ancient trunk for me to wear stunk of mothballs and dust. But I don't regret a moment of it, for it is how I gained my eternal youth and met my best friend, Henry.

*Researcher Abernathy is looking down at his diary, writing down notes as SCP-7829-2 speaks.*

**Abernathy:** And it was the day the portrait was finished that you gained your ability?

**SCP-7829-2:** Yes. I had just met Henry, and he'd exposed me to this world's greatest truth: that there is nothing worth having other than youth and beauty. I realised the full truth of his words when I looked upon my portrait and realised that while it would shine with youth for eternity, mine would slowly fade until I grew old and withered. The weight of this hit me at once, and I cried out that I was jealous of the portrait, and how I wished it would change instead of me. And so, it was, and has been ever since that day.

**Abernathy:** So you don't know how you became connected with SCP-7829-1?

**SCP-7829-2:** Indeed. I have often thought about it and what spirit or deity chose to use its power in so righteous a cause as to preserve me. But truth be told, I don't really care. So long as I remain youthful and unblemished, that is all that matters.

**Abernathy:** Ok, moving on to events after that day. You mentioned to my colleague that Hen—

*SCP-7829-2 snatches Researcher Abernathy's diary from his hands and begins looking through it. Abernathy reaches out to grab it, but stops when SCP-7829-2 tuts at him.*

**SCP-7829-2:** You know...

*SCP-7829-2 checks the name in the front cover of the diary.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Leo, this diary is bizarrely empty except for your notes. Do you keep your appointments on your phone?

**Abernathy:** M— My appointments are none of your business, SCP-7829-2.

*It looks down at the diary, then looks back at Researcher Abernathy. It repeats this motion several times.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Don't tell me you don't have any appointments.

*Researcher Abernathy stays silent.*

**SCP-7829-2:** No, this will not do. You must join me for dinner tonight. My current quarters aren't much to look at, but my company more than makes up for that, I assure you.

**Abernathy:** I can't do that.

**SCP-7829-2:** And why not? Surely an evening with me is better than an evening by yourself. 

*SCP-7829-2 smirks.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Or is my face displeasing to you?

*Researcher Abernathy rapidly shakes his head.*

**Abernathy:** No, not at all! It's just that protocol wouldn't allow me to do that. And besides... I'm not someone people want to talk to.

**SCP-7829-2:** Take it from someone with well over a century of experience; people like yourself are worth talking to. And I am extremely interested in getting to know you more intimately, Leo. 

*SCP-7829-2 returns its attention to the diary and starts flicking through its pages.*

**SCP-7829-2:** But I don't want to rush you into an evening with me when you clearly want time to think it over. Here, let us meet for dinner two weeks from today at 8 pm. 

*SCP-7829-2 takes the pen from Abernathy's hand and jots down a message in the diary on the chosen date, with instructions on what it expects him to bring to their dinner. The items requested include 2 bottles of wine, 3 dishes made with expensive and rare ingredients and cigarettes. When it finishes, it hands the still open diary back to Abernathy. He looks down at the now filled page silently for a few moments. A few beads of sweat appear on his neck.*

**Abernathy:** I— I don't know if I can do this. It's not professional, it's not...

**SCP-7829-2:** Don't keep wasting your nights alone in front of a television or stuck writing reports surrounded by these dull walls. I am sure the faceless men in charge of this place won't mind a small dinner between friends.

*Researcher Abernathy brightens at the word friend but quickly composes himself.*

**Abernathy:** I'll think about it.

**SCP-7829-2:** Wonderful! I do hope you choose to come, Leo. We have the capacity for a great friendship, you and I. 

[END LOG]

**Addendum 7829.2: Researcher Abernathy's Journal Entry 1**

Researcher Abernathy did not report the dinner invitation given to him by SCP-7829-2, nor did he speak about it with any of his colleagues or supervisors. The next reference Abernathy made to the event was in his private journal, wherein he debated whether he should ignore or accept the invitation from SCP-7829-2.

**Addendum 7829.3: Dinner between SCP-7829-2 and Researcher Abernathy**

Two weeks after the initial interview, Researcher Abernathy entered SCP-7829-2's containment cell at 8:35 pm with some of the items it previously requested. In a later report, Abernathy claimed the reason for the visit was to gain more information on SCP-7829-2's origins and abilities by gaining the entity's trust.

**Date:** 19/1/2025

**Present:** Researcher Leo Abernathy and SCP-7829-2

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**SCP-7829-2:** Leo, there you are! I was beginning to think you weren't coming.

**Abernathy:** Hi SCP-7829-2. Sorry I'm late, I got held back by some meetings.

**SCP-7829-2:** Don't apologise, Leo. You did well to arrive late. It's what all the best people do, myself included. And please call me Dorian, in here, at the very least.

*SCP-7829-2 stands from its chair and throws the book it was reading onto its bed. It walks over to Researcher Abernathy and starts looking through the bag he's holding.*

**SCP-7829-2:** My, I am quite surprised you managed to get as much as you did. I know the wine is difficult to acquire on short notice.

**Abernathy:** A perk of the job, I guess. I've learned of a few places where you can get things fast.

**SCP-7829-2:** Ahh, a man with connections and good taste. What a rarity in today's world. Now come Leo, let's get this dinner set-up. The table is a bit small, but it will do for tonight.

*The pair set up the table with an elaborate setting, including a linen tablecloth and placemats, 2 bowls of self-heating chicken and rice, wine glasses and a $300 bottle of red wine. Once the table is fully set, the pair sit down and begin eating.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Now this, Leo, is a dinner. The food your people have been feeding me since I arrived here has been abysmal. Truly a disgrace to the culinary arts. Not to mention, this uniform feels like it was made with the cheapest material possible.

**Abernathy:** Yeah, they don't really give us the best either.

**SCP-7829-2:** I had thought that given the amount of money and influence the oligarchs in charge of this place undoubtedly have, they'd give those beneath them a few more scraps.

**Abernathy:** They do give us what we need. It's just that money is needed in so many places, and they have to stretch it out.

**SCP-7829-2:** Nonsense. Any good employer knows a happy employee means a bountiful business. And to keep them happy, you pay them well. My chef, for example, receives 4 times the salary of others in his station. And you know what? Never once have I eaten a bad meal cooked by him. 

*SCP-7829-2 stops speaking and takes a sip of wine.* 

**SCP-7829-2:** That reminds me, I should really get that new oven he's been asking for. I'll do it once I've left this institution.

**Abernathy:** You do know you won't be leaving here, right? You're in containment for as long as the Foundation stands.

**SCP-7829-2:** I'll stay as long as I wish. Right now, experiencing this new world is providing a decent level of entertainment. But once it isn't, I shall move on. 

**Abernathy:** I'm not so sure about that.

*SCP-7829-2 chuckles.*

**SCP-7829-2:** I have my ways, Leo; I assure you of that. But for now, let us speak of other matters. Tell me, how have you been since I last saw you? I was hoping to see you sooner, but fortune didn't favour us in that regard.

 **Abernathy:** Honestly Dorian? I spent much of the last few weeks thinking about this dinner. I know I'm not supposed to be here. There is a part of my brain that is screaming at me about how wrong this is as I sit here now.

**SCP-7829-2:** Yet here you are. Why is that?

 **Abernathy:** I... don't want to talk about it. I just thought it would be a good idea to spend the evening with someone.

**SCP-7829-2:** Then I shall pry no further. All people are entitled to their secrets, and that includes you, Leo. But tell me, as your host this evening, is there anything I can do for you?

 **Abernathy:** There is one thing. I need to finish our discussion from a few weeks ago. I didn't get enough for my report, and I can't delay it for much longer.

*SCP-7829-2 stands and takes a box of cigarettes and a lighter from Researcher Abernathy's bag. He lights one, then places the box and lighter on the table.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Alright, let us make a game of it then. A question for a question. How does that sound?

*Abernathy nods.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Marvelous! I shall ask the first question. Are you a workaholic, Leo?

**Abernathy:** Workaholic? No, why would you think that?

**SCP-7829-2:** Because when I looked through your diary, all I saw were notes about projects or meetings. So, I naturally assumed you have decided to dedicate your life to work rather than developing social ties. 

**Abernathy:** It's not that. I just... struggle to keep people in my life. I'm not a person most people want to be around. I feel like I have some sort of force field around me that repels others from wanting to be more than a colleague or acquaintance.

**SCP-7829-2:** Surely there must've been someone who saw you for the wonder you are? 

**Abernathy:** I had a few friends before I started working here. They'd meet with me when I messaged them to hangout, but otherwise they didn't really talk to me unless they wanted something. From what I learned about you, you've had it better.

**SCP-7829-2:** Because I haven't been surrounded by blind fools. It enrages me that the people in your life haven't seen you for the sublime man that you are. I mean, look at you; your skin is silky and perfect, your eyes are gleaming, and your hair is shiny and soft. And let's not forget your handwriting, which I am quite certain the angels themselves would be jealous of.  

**Abernathy:** You're just saying that to be nice or to get something from me, aren't you?

*SCP-7829-2 walks over to the table and uses a single finger to tilt Researcher Abernathy's face so he looks directly at it.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Leo, I never say anything I do not mean.   

*Researcher Abernathy's face becomes bright red, and he rapidly turns away from SCP-7829-2. SCP-7829-2 smiles and sits back down.*

**SCP-7829-2:** But that is enough of the games. We should get down to business. If I remember correctly, we were talking about Henry, or Harry, as I often call him. If I were to say one thing about Harry above all others, it's that he was the very best friend I ever had. He taught me many lessons about life, most of which I still follow to this day. And more importantly, he is the man that saved me.

You see after the painting was finished and I discovered the connection that had formed between it and me, I realised I was free. I could do anything and everything I pleased, and I did. I travelled, learned many skills, built great collections of rare gems and embroideries, and indulged in all the pleasures my station offered and more. And all that time, I kept the painting a secret, hiding it away in my old school room.

**Abernathy:** What changed?

**SCP-7829-2:** Basil came to see me a few hours before he was meant to leave for Paris. He came to lecture me on some nonsense rumours he heard from London's gossips. I don't know what came over me that night, but his words infuriated me. He scolded me like I was a child who stole a cookie from an oven tray. It was that rage that led me to decide to show him the painting. A mistake in hindsight, but emotion makes us all do foolish things.

**Abernathy:** What did he think of it?  

**SCP-7829-2:** I think he was jealous, truly. To know that his creation had rendered me eternally youthful, while he was creeping closer to death with every tick of the clock. Or maybe he was scared of something he could not explain. Regardless, he chose to pick up a nearby knife and stabbed the painting in the shoulder. And when he did so, I felt a sharp pain and blood soaking through my clothes. I knew at that moment that if Basil continued to damage the painting, I would die. And I would never allow myself to be killed by such a disgusting beast.

We fought, him aiming for the painting and me trying to stop him. But he wouldn't abate. So, I did what I had to do. It was a nasty business, but a necessary one. But these events left me with 2 problems: a body and an uncertain future.

**Abernathy:** And this is where Henry Wotton comes in?

*SCP-7829-2 nods.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Yes, I didn't know who else to turn to, and Harry had always been there to support me. I practically sprinted to his home and begged him for help. To my surprise, he was oddly affable to it all. He promised me that he would fix everything, and he did.

Basil's body was taken away a few hours after I spoke to Harry. I don't know what was done with it, but I know it was never found. And as far as anyone in London was concerned, he disappeared during his time in Paris. As for the additional paintings, Harry used his connections with some businessmen to create them. I never asked, but Harry told me they specialise in the mystical and that if I gave them the painting, they could ensure what happened with Basil would never happen again.

I was worried about parting with it, given recent events. But Harry assured me these people could be trusted. It was a month before I found out what they had done, and I had spent every moment of that month on edge, much to Harry's simultaneous annoyance and amusement. But finally, on a rainy afternoon, they dropped off a package with a painting and a summary of what they had done.

**Abernathy:** What did this summary say, exactly?

**SCP-7829-2:** It was not specific in its detail. It said rather simply that they had made some 20,000 copies of the original painting and that so long as at least one remained intact, I would remain young and unable to be harmed. They also mentioned they would be selling the other copies as payment for their services. I wanted to argue, but Harry said it was best to let it go. I had my eternity, and that was enough. 

And before you ask, no, I haven't spoken to anyone from that organisation, nor do I know their name. 

**Abernathy:** Thank you for sharing that with me, Dorian. It was everything I needed and more.

**SCP-7829-2:** Nonsense, Leo, there is no need to thank me. After all, what kind of host would I be if I didn't fulfil every request made to me by my guest.

**Abernathy:** I can say you don't need to worry about any of that. You've been wonderful all night. But I think things need to come to an end now. I shouldn't be in here for much longer.

**SCP-7829-2:** I, for one, could spend all night talking with you, Leo. But I understand you have other obligations. However, if you must leave, at least promise me that we'll spend time together soon, outside of your testing, of course. 

*Abernathy smiles.*   

**Abernathy:** I'd like that, Dorian. I'll plan something soon. 

**SCP-7829-2:** Wonderful. Before you go, be a good man and clean everything up, will you? I want to get back to my book.     

 

[END LOG] 

**Addendum 7829.4: Outdoor Recreation Video Transcript 1**

A month after the dinner, Researcher Abernathy requested that SCP-7829-2 be granted an hour of outdoor recreation daily, citing good behaviour from the anomaly. The request was granted, and Researcher Abernathy accompanied SCP-7829-2 during its first hour of outdoor recreation.

 

**Date:** 20/2/2025

**Present:** Researcher Leo Abernathy and SCP-7829-2

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Researcher Abernathy and SCP-7829-2 enter Site-83's Outdoor Recreation Area. SCP-7829-2 looks around with a judgemental scowl. Abernathy looks at it, attempting to gauge its reaction.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Is this truly all they have to offer? I wasn't expecting grand foundations or koi ponds, but surely they could at least keep all the grass alive.

**Abernathy:** Sorry, it's not the greatest. This part of the facility hasn't been given priority over other things. But it did get some gym equipment installed a few years back, if you're interested.

*Abernathy points to a small collection of outdoor gym equipment set up in the corner. SCP-7829-2 looks at it with a sceptical expression.*

**SCP-7829-2:** It's quite alright. I'd rather prefer to walk as you tell me about what you've been doing since we spoke last week.

**Abernathy:** Sure, if you don't think you'll be bored.

**SCP-7829-2:** I doubt I will be, Leo. Now, come along so we can start our chat. We don't have very long in the fresh air.

*SCP-7829-2 begins to walk along the path that runs beside the perimeter of the Outdoor Recreation Area. Researcher Abernathy stands still for a few seconds before jogging to catch up.*

**SCP-7829-2:** So tell me, what are these uninteresting activities you've been engaged in?

**Abernathy:** Work, mainly. Reports and testing and reviewing old documents. Most of it isn't worth talking about, to be honest.

*SCP-7829-2 looks at Researcher Abernathy with a quizzical expression.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Most of it? Does that mean some of it was interesting?

**Abernathy:** Well....

**SCP-7829-2:** Leo, you leave me in such suspense! Please, you must tell me whatever it is you're thinking of.

**Abernathy:** I... I found a dying rose near the dumpsters outside my apartment building. I've been trying to save it, without much success.

**SCP-7829-2:** A rose? That is a strange thing to find beside a dumpster. Most people are smart enough to know the beauty of a rose and that they should be kept in good health. I, for one, learnt this lesson back in the 1950s when I started growing my own roses. It was one of the many hobbies I've had throughout the years. In fact, I can use my knowledge on the subject to help you with your current predicament. By chance, do you have a photo of the rose?

*Researcher Abernathy pulls out his phone and shows SCP-7829-2 several pictures of the rose's leaves. All of them are covered in black spots.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Tell me Leo, has it been raining near your apartment recently?

*Abernathy nods as he slips his phone back into his pocket.*

**Abernathy:** It's been raining a lot over the last month. Why? Does that have something to do with it?

**SCP-7829-2:** Indeed it does. Your new rose is suffering from black spot. It's a fungal infection that the plants often pick up in humid or rainy conditions. A local gardening centre should sell a powder or spray that will clear it right up.

*Abernathy looks at SCP-7829-2 with a dumbfounded expression.*

**Abernathy:** You know Dorian, this conversation has made me realise I probably should've looked this up.

*SCP-7829-2 laughs and then smiles at Abernathy.* 

**SCP-7829-2:** You cared deeply about a plant that was abandoned by its previous owner, so deeply that you spent what I assume to be hours trying to save it without realising there was an easier way. That shows you're a kind and gentle soul, Leo. And rather cute, too.

**Abernathy:** You're a flatterer, Dorian.

**SCP-7829-2:** I know, it's one of my best qualities. That, and my youth and beauty, of course.

**Abernathy:** Don't sell yourself so short, Dorian. I think you have far more admirable qualities than just those. Your kind nature, for example. And you’re a repository of knowledge that you're always willing to share.

*SCP-7829-2 smirks.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Now who’s the flatterer?

**Abernathy:** That obvious, was I?

**SCP-7829-2:** Don't worry about it. I, Dorian Gray, promise to teach you everything there is to know about the art of subtle flattery. In exchange, all I ask is for a daily visit, even if you pop in for a quick chat over some of that disgusting tea they give us at lunch.

**Abernathy:** You don't need to trade anything to have me visit you, Dorian. I want to get to know you better.

*SCP-7829-2 hooks arms with Researcher Abernathy and pulls him closer.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Then it's a daily date, one I look forward to. But for now, we should focus on our walk. I would very much like to impart all of my knowledge on roses to you while we still have time.

[END LOG] 

**Addendum 7829.5: Outdoor Recreation Video Transcript 2**

Due to Researcher Abernathy being assigned to an urgent project, he was unable to interact with SCP-7829-2 during its outdoor recreation period for a week. This is their first meeting after the project was completed.

 

**Date:** 27/2/2025

**Present:** Researcher Leo Abernathy and SCP-7829-2

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Researcher Abernathy is showing SCP-7829-2 a picture of the rose on his phone. The plant has been moved into a new pot. It has also lost most of its leaves.*

**Abernathy:** You're sure it's meant to look like that, Dorian? It looks like it's dying.

**SCP-7829-2:** In order for the plant to thrive, it must let go of the rot. I know it looks bad, but I assure you it's only temporary. Soon, the plant shall be full of life once again.

**Abernathy:** I don't know about that...

*Abernathy sits down on a bench, leans back and looks up at the cloudy sky. SCP-7829-2 sits beside him.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Ahh, I know that face. You're worried about something, likely something from your past, if I were to wager.

*Abernathy sighs.*

**Abernathy:** Thirty two, that's the number of plants I've killed. I try to keep them alive, but no matter what I do, they end up dead. I put them outside, I keep them inside, I read the plant care instructions and follow them to the letter, or I just go with whatever I think it needs. I don't know if I am cut out for this plant parent thing.

**SCP-7829-2:** Maybe you weren't those other times. But this time is different, you have something you didn't have before.

**Abernathy:** And what's that?

**SCP-7829-2:** Me.

*Researcher Abernathy laughs sadly.*

**Abernathy:** I am glad to have you in my life, Dorian. But I don't know if I can succeed even with your help. You're just so good at... well, everything.

**SCP-7829-2:** I agree I am a man of many, many talents. But, just because most things come naturally to me, doesn't mean you can never learn. With time, and my guidance, you'll develop your green thumb. This rose is just the start of your journey. 

**Abernathy:** I wish I had your confidence in my gardening abilities. Or some kind of natural talent for gardening.

**SCP-7829-2:** Don't waste your time feeling bad for a lack of natural talent, Leo. It is a very rare thing.

**Abernathy:** Have you ever met another person who was naturally talented? You've been alive for so long. Surely there must be a few you can recall.

*SCP-7829-2 stays silent for a moment before speaking.* 

**SCP-7829-2:** One comes to mind. Her name was Sibyl, Sibyl Vane. She was a girl born in the wrong century, a few years after myself, in fact. Had she been born today, she would be known as an actress who could rival the likes of Marlon Brando and Laurence Olivier. But sadly, young Sibyl was stuck in a shoddy theatre in East London. 

But despite the undesirable location, her talents were still recognised. Each night, every seat in the gallery and pit was filled to the brim with those who came only to see Sibyl perform. I do believe the only reason that horrid place lasted as long as it did was because of her. I myself attended many of her shows in spite of the outrageous cost of the stage-box. I also saw her after the show on many occasions. She was shy and gentle and would call me a flattering nickname that I've forgotten. It's a shame her career ended when it was just beginning.

**Abernathy:** Did she get married? Or retire from acting?

**SCP-7829-2:** No. She killed herself a few hours after her final performance. It was a rather horrid show. I am thankful Harry wasn't angry with me for bringing him that night.

**Abernathy:** Do you know why she did it?

**SCP-7829-2:** For the same reason as Shakespeare's Juliet: love.

*Researcher Abernathy looks sadly at SCP-7829-2 and puts his right hand over its left hand.*

**Abernathy:** Poor girl. I'm sorry you lost a friend like that. It's a horrible thing. 

**SCP-7829-2:** Some would say so. But I agree with Harry's opinion on the matter. Even after all these years, it still rings true in my mind.

**Abernathy:** Henry Wotton? What did he think?

*SCP-7829-2 opens its mouth to speak but pauses.* 

**SCP-7829-2:** I think I shall not tell you. Harry was a man who spoke his mind, no matter the time or company. But most of his words aren't meant for sensitive ears. And your ears, Leo, are very sensitive.

**Abernathy:** I'm not sensitive, Dorian. If I was, I don't think I would've lasted a day working here. This job isn't for the sensitive.

*SCP-7829-2 turns and takes both of Abernathy's hands into its own as it looks him in the eye.*

**SCP-7829-2:** I don't doubt your ability to deal with the blood and gore that I've learned is part of your job, Leo. But you are sensitive to words. And I don't want to see them harm you, if I can avoid such a course. It would be far too sad to see your innocence ruined that way. But that is enough of that, we have only 10 minutes left, and I wish for one more lap.

*SCP-7829-2 lets go of Researcher Abernathy's hands. It stands and begins walking, leaving behind a shocked but smiling Abernathy.*

[END LOG]  

**Addendum 7829.6: Outdoor Recreation Video Transcript 3**

Upon failing to submit a document by the required deadline, and facing subsequent disciplinary action, Researcher Abernathy is late to escort SCP-7829-2 for its daily outdoor recreation. This is the final time Abernathy and SCP-7829-2 would be together in the Outdoor Recreation Area, as it was temporarily closed for repairs after a substantial containment breach at Site-83.

 

**Date:** 15/3/2025

**Present:** Researcher Leo Abernathy and SCP-7829-2

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*SCP-7829-2 stares suspiciously at Researcher Abernathy as he enters the Outdoor Recreation Area. Neither of them say anything until they have been walking for 20 minutes.*

**SCP-7829-2:** You were late. May I ask why?

**Abernathy:** You're not mad, are you?

**SCP-7829-2:** I admit I was wondering if another urgent project had taken your attention from me again. You are usually always on time otherwise. But no, I am not upset with you, Leo; I am just curious.

**Abernathy:** If you want to know, I'll tell you. I made a mistake. A massive mistake.

**SCP-7829-2:** A mistake? Do tell me what happened. I am, as I have always been, your trusted confidant and advisor.

**Abernathy:** I had a document, a big one that I've been working on for over a year. I was meant to submit it last night so the Site Director could use it in her presentation today. But I forgot, and she had to hold off everything until tomorrow. She was not happy about it, to say the least.

**SCP-7829-2:** That is a mistake I wouldn't have expected you to make, Leo. Is something on your mind? 

**Abernathy:** Yes, there is. But I can't tell you what it is. It has been in my thoughts for the past week, and it's proven to be very distracting.

*SCP-7829-2 stops walking. Abernathy notices a few seconds later and turns around to look at SCP-7829-2 and sees that it is highly amused and curious.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Leo, you tease me.

**Abernathy:** I don't mean to, it's just something that makes me nervous to talk about. I never expected to feel this way, but here it is nonetheless.

**SCP-7829-2:** I understand Leo. I shall not press you on the matter. But I will say this: whomever is the object of your affections is deserving of them. And when the time is right, I insist on meeting them. I want to see who the apple in your eye is.

*Researcher Abernathy stares wide-eyed at SCP-7829-2.*

**Abernathy:** How could you have possibly known that?

**SCP-7829-2:** I know that look, Leo. I've seen it worn by people thousands of times throughout my many years. You are not immune to it just because this is your first time in love. It's cute and not something to worry about.

**Abernathy:** How can you say that? I don't want everyone to know what's going on inside my head.

**SCP-7829-2:** You need not worry. Most people won't care enough or won't be intelligent enough to notice. I did because I find great joy in knowing every facet of a person, especially my favourites, like you.

*Abernathy smiles slightly.*

**Abernathy:** I'm your favourite?

**SCP-7829-2:** How couldn't you be? You are truly one of a kind Leo. A bright spot in this facility of empty, gray nothingness. Without you, this place may fall into the pits.

**Abernathy:** I doubt that would happen, Dorian. But as always, I appreciate the vote of confidence and your words of wisdom. You've given me much more to think about.

**SCP-7829-2:** Then why don't we give you time to think? As much as I enjoy conversing with you, Leo, let us walk in silence today. I have no desire to rob you of valuable time to work through your feelings and thoughts.

**Abernathy:** Thank you, Dorian. You are too kind.

[END LOG]  

**Addendum 7829.7: Researcher Abernathy's Birthday Video Transcript**

The following was recorded on Researcher Leo Abernathy's birthday on 13/04/2025. It should be noted that Site-83 has a tradition of celebrating the birthdays of all staff with a small get-together. However, due to incidents in the weeks prior, Abernathy's birthday was missed.

**Date:** 13/4/2025

**Present:** Researcher Leo Abernathy and SCP-7829-2

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Researcher Abernathy enters SCP-7829-2's containment cell with a forlorn expression. SCP-7829-2 rises from its chair and walks over to him.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Leo, whatever is the matter?

**Abernathy:** Oh, sorry to worry you unnecessarily, Dorian. I'm just not feeling well today. I think I've caught the bug that's been making its way around the site.

*SCP-7829-2 rolls its eyes.*

**SCP-7829-2:** You can't trick me so easily Leo. Now tell me what's wrong, and don't lie this time.

**Abernathy:** It was my birthday today. My 35th birthday. Normally, whenever it's someone's birthday, they get a little cake and some pizza or something to celebrate. Just a small lunch thing, you know? But they didn't do it for me this year. Hell, no one has even told me happy birthday... I truly am forgotten, aren't I?

*SCP-7829-2 pulls Research Abernathy into a hug. It rubs his back as Abernathy sobs into its shoulder.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Shush Leo, shush. It's alright. You know the people out there don't care for you like I do. You shouldn't let yourself become worked up over their failings.

**Abernathy:** I know, it just hurts so much. Everyone else had at least some acknowledgment of their birthdays. But I didn't even get a 50-cent cupcake with a candle stuck in it. 

*SCP-7829-2 softly lets go of Abernathy and walks over to a stack of books. It moves them out of the way to reveal a standard Foundation strawberry jelly cup with a paper moulded into a candle stuck into it. Upon seeing it, Researcher Abernathy begins tearing up.*

**SCP-7829-2:** I didn't forget Leo. I'll have you know it took some negotiating with the man who brings us our lunches to get this for you. And it was worth every moment of smelling his disgusting breath to get you this small morsel.

**Abernathy:**  I don't know what to say...

**SCP-7829-2:** You don't have to say anything until you also have these.

*SCP-7829-2 retrieves 2 origami pieces from its pocket. The first is a lion, and the second is a red rose.*

**SCP-7829-2:** It hasn't come up in our numerous discussions, but I've always enjoyed origami. The idea of shaping a beautiful form from something so undefined as paper has always brought me joy. And given that I am currently deprived of both my fortune and my freedom, I thought I could use my talent to create you a birthday present.

*SCP-7829-2 holds up the first piece of origami, the origami lion.*

**SCP-7829-2:** I've named this little lion Leo. I thought it fitting, given that I made it for you. I hope that when I am unable, it will remind you of how strong you can be. 

*SCP-7829-2 holds up the origami rose.* 

**SCP-7829-2:** This, on the other hand, is partially inspired by the rose you've slowly brought back to health. I know it hasn't flowered yet, but I like to imagine when it does, the flower will be red. Red is the best colour for a rose. It has many meanings, and all of them are wonderful. And this particular rose is not only a gift but a demonstration of my feelings for you.

*Abernathy gently takes the origami rose and lion from SCP-7829-2 and holds them to his chest.*

**Abernathy:** Thank you so much, Dorian. These gifts are truly wonderful. I am so, so very happy to have you in my life.

**SCP-7829-2:** And I am overjoyed to be in yours. You are delightful Leo, in more ways than you know. 

*Researcher Abernathy laughs softly.*

**Abernathy:** You beautiful flatterer. What would I do without you?

**SCP-7829-2:** Have a very boring, very lonely life, I suspect. But worry not, Leo. I plan on being in your life for a very long time. Your entire life, if I can be so lucky.

**Abernathy:** I hope that is true. I have a great affection for you, Dorian. I'd hate to have to move on from what we have.

**SCP-7829-2:** I think your feelings go beyond affection, Leo.

*Abernathy attempts to speak but stutters before he can form coherent words. SCP-7829-2 watches him with an amused expression, closes the distance, and kisses him. When the two part they are both panting, and Abernathy has a frown on his face.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Did you like it, Leo?

**Abernathy:** I did. I liked it very much.

**SCP-7829-2:** Then why frown? There is nothing wrong with indulging in a pleasure, especially so if it's a pleasure one greatly desires.

**Abernathy:** I just don't know Dorian. This goes far beyond anything I should think of doing in my position. It's wrong, it's impr—

**SCP-7829-2:** Leo, in the deep chambers of your heart, is this something you truly want?

*Abernathy nods.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Then stop thinking. Just let me take control.

**** 

[END LOG]  

**Addendum 7829.8: Researcher Abernathy's Journal Entry 2**

Researcher Abernathy wrote this journal entry on his birthday once he had returned home from Site-83. After this entry, Abernathy's private and work life would increasingly focus on SCP-7829-2.

**Addendum 7829.9: Researcher Abernathy's and Site Director Thatcher's Meeting**

Three days after the Researcher Abernathy's birthday, Site-83's Site Director, Courtney Thatcher, approached Abernathy as he was leaving SCP-7829-2's containment cell. Director Thatcher had become aware that Abernathy’s birthday had been missed and had expressed to other Site-83 staff that she wanted to make amends for the mistake.

**Date:** 16/4/2025

**Present:** Researcher Leo Abernathy, Site Director Courtney Thatcher and SCP-7829-2

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Thatcher:** Researcher Abernathy, do you have a moment?

**Abernathy:** Of course, Director Thatcher. 

**Thatcher:** Thank you. I don't plan on keeping you long, I just wanted to chat with you. 

**Abernathy:** Has something happened?

**Thatcher:** No, rather, something didn't happen.

*Researcher Abernathy stares at Site Director Thatcher with a confused expression as she looks around and fidgets with her bracelets.*

**Thatcher:** Your birthday, I mean. I know it's been a tradition at Site-83 for well over 20 years now to have a small celebration for everyone's birthday. And that didn't happen for you. Still hasn't happened, if I'm being honest.

*Abernathy's expression becomes angry. Thatcher awkwardly smiles in response.*

**Abernathy:** Oh.

**Thatcher:** I wanted to apologise in person. I know it's not my job, but I have always been someone who made sure the people under me are treated fairly and that each of them has their moments to shine. I know that things have been busy since the containment breach and subsequent visit by O5-6, but you deserved something. I told my staff to make sure we didn't miss anything, even if it was a birthday, but they still missed it. And for that, I'm sorry.

 **Abernathy:** It's fine, Director Thatcher. I get it. There were more important things happening for anyone to worry about me.

**Thatcher:** I appreciate you being professional, but it's ok to be upset about this, Abernathy. It hurts when you think people have forgotten about you.

 **Abernathy:** It’s really fine, I assure you. I had someone to spend the day with. It was really nice.

**Thatcher:** Oh really? That's wonderful. I'm so glad you had someone to celebrate with.

 **Abernathy:** I am too. They're truly the only friend I have.

*Abernathy and Thatcher stand together in silence for a few moments. Thatcher fidgets with her bracelets more and more before dropping her arms to her sides and looking Abernathy in the eye.*

**Thatcher:** I know this may seem like I'm trying to soothe the wound of what happened, but you are well-liked, Abernathy. I've never heard a bad word spoken about you, and I know at least 3 different people who'd like to get to know you more. If you're up for it, I'd love to take you out to your favourite restaurant near the site and see if you can't make you some more friends. And you can even bring a guest too. All on my dime, of course.

**Abernathy:** No tha— wait, really?

**Thatcher:** Yes! Honestly, it was meant to be a secret surprise birthday dinner. But I wanted you to know because Site-83 is a family. We look out for each other, and that includes you, Abernathy.

*Researcher Abernathy smiles broadly, and Director Thatcher responds in kind.*

**Abernathy:** I can't answer now, but I promise to think about it, Director Thatcher. 

**Thatcher:** I understand. Know that I truly am sorry, Abernathy.

**Abernathy:** If there is nothing else, I have a midday meeting I need to get to.

**Thatcher:** Right. I won't hold you any longer. Thank you for taking the time to chat with me.

*The pair shake hands, then begin walking in opposite directions down the hallway. Before he turns the corner, Abernathy stops and walks back to SCP-7829-2's containment cell.*

**Abernathy:** Dorian! You won't believe what just happened. I got some fantastic news.

**SCP-7829-2:** Oh? 

**Abernathy:** I just spoke with the Site Director, and she apologised for forgetting my birthday. But that's not all! She's planning a dinner for me to make up for it AND there will be people who want to be friends with me there. I can't believe it! I could have more friends than just you. I'm so happy, Dorian, it's like a dream come true.

*SCP-7829-2 shakes his head.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Oh, my poor, naive Leo. I'm sorry that awful woman tricked you like she did.

*Researcher Abernathy looks at SCP-7829-2, clearly confused.*

**Abernathy:** Tricked me? What do you mean?

*SCP-7829-2 takes Abernathy's hands and looks at him with pity.*

**SCP-7829-2:** She's lying to you, Leo. People like her always lie, it's their bread and butter. This dinner will never happen. It will be pushed back and delayed until you've forgotten about it.

**Abernathy:** I don't know, Dorian. She seemed sincere, and I've never thought of her as someone who would do that.

**SCP-7829-2:** You didn't think they'd forget about your birthday either, yet here we are. Just a few days ago, you came to me in tears about being forgotten, and now you think one of the very same people who forgot about you can be trusted?

**Abernathy:** It was a mistake, Dorian. Everyone was busy and it just got lost in between it all. It happens, and Director Thatcher is spending her own money to make up for it.

**SCP-7829-2:** A mistake implies a lack of intent, but can you honestly say there wasn't any, Leo?

**Abernathy:** Intent? Why would there be intent? You're being silly, Dorian.

**SCP-7829-2:** Because you made a mistake, remember? You submitted that document late, which caused her some trouble. Do you think she liked that, Leo? Do you think she forgot, or that a scolding was enough for her? No, she bided her time, and at the right moment, she punished you. And now that the punishment has run its course, she wants to cover her tracks and put herself on your good side.

**Abernathy:** She's not that kind of person, Dorian. There is no way she could be.

**SCP-7829-2:** Trust me when I say that in all my years, I have come to know people like Director Thatcher. She can smile, and she can act like she's nervous, happy or sad. She can be whatever she needs to be. People in her position always have that ability. It's how they survive and how they manipulate people like you.

**Abernathy:** But it was a mistake. I'm sure of it...

**SCP-7829-2:** It was no mistake, Leo. People like her don't care about anyone but themselves.

*Abernathy gazes at the floor, visibly distressed.*

**Abernathy:** You're right. I was so stupid. How could I let her do that to me? Why do I let people walk all over me like that?

*SCP-7829-2 squeezes Researcher Abernathy's hands, making him look at it.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Because you are a kind and gentle soul, Leo. And people use that against you. But you shouldn't worry yourself. I will keep you safe from them.

**Abernathy:** Thank you, Dorian. I truly don't know where I would be without you.

**SCP-7829-2:** Alone, Leo. You would be alone.

[END LOG]  

**Addendum 7829.10: SCP-7829-2 and Researcher Abernathy's Containment Cell Final Meeting**

After his talk with Site Director Thatcher, Researcher Abernathy would spend increasingly more time with SCP-7829-2. When questioned about this, Abernathy told his superiors that he was working on a long-term project researching other anomalous abilities potentially possessed by SCP-7829-2. The following transcript is the final recorded interaction between SCP-7829-2 and Researcher Abernathy before SCP-7829-2's containment breach.

**Date:** 5/5/2025

**Present:** Researcher Leo Abernathy and SCP-7829-2

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**SCP-7829-2:** I'm bored Leo.

*Researcher Abernathy, who is standing behind SCP-7829-2 as it sits in a chair, stops combing its hair.*

**Abernathy:** Bored? I'm sorry, I should've bought you another book or DVD when I came today. Is there anything in particular you want? I might be able to pull some strings and get you a laptop, without internet, of course, b—

*SCP-7829-2 sighs loudly.*

**SCP-7829-2:** No, Leo, that's not what I mean. I want to get out of here. The charm of it all has worn off, and now I'm left with nothing but blank concrete walls and endless boredom. I'd much rather be somewhere else.

**Abernathy:** You know that can't happen, Dorian.

*SCP-7829-2 stands and faces Researcher Abernathy. It glares at him as it crosses its arms.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Why can't it? What is so difficult about getting me out of this pit? 

**Abernathy:** I've told you, Dorian. They don't just let people like you walk out the front doors. There are security checkpoints and guards with guns. 

**SCP-7829-2:** Does all that truly matter? Surely, there must be some way for me to leave this place. 

**Abernathy:** I'm sorry, but there isn't. I wish I could. I would give anything to leave with you right now, but there isn't anything I can do.

*SCP-7829-2 stares coldly at Researcher Abernathy. It uncrosses its arms and points to the door leading out of its containment cell.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Get out.

**Abernathy:** What? Why?

**SCP-7829-2:** Because I've lost all affection for you.

*Researcher Abernathy stares at SCP-7829-2, his mouth agape and his body shaking. SCP-7829-2 moves to its bed, taking a cigar and lighter from his bedside table. It lights the cigar, then looks back to Abernathy.*

**SCP-7829-2:** I only asked for one little thing. One favour from someone close to my heart, and you won't even consider it. You deny me my freedom and seek to ply me with trinkets to keep me fat and happy. What kind of disgusting creature does that? 

*SCP-7829-2 pauses to take a puff from its cigar.*

**SCP-7829-2:** You know Leo, you once told me of how you struggled to keep companions by your side. I once thought these people fools, but now I see the truth. You use people, suck them dry like a leech. I will not allow myself to meet that fate. Get out of my quarters, Leo, and go back to your apartment and your lonely existence. It's what someone like you deserves. 

*Researcher Abernathy walks over to SCP-7829-2 with unsteady steps. He falls to his knees, grabs onto its legs and stares up at it, sobbing. SCP-7829-2 violently shakes its leg in an attempt to dislodge Abernathy, who grips it tighter.*

**Abernathy:** Please don't leave me Dorian. I'm sorry. I am so, so sorry for not being good enough for you. Please let me try. I'll figure something out, I promise. Please, please, please. I don't want to be alone again. I can't be alone again. I can't face that existence again. Just give me another chance. I'll get you out, I promise.

*SCP-7829-2 smiles as it bends down and hugs Researcher Abernathy. It pats him on his back as Abernathy sobs into its chest.*

**SCP-7829-2:** I know you will, Leo. I know you will.

[END LOG]

**Addendum 7829.11: SCP-7829-2's Containment Breach**

On 15/05/2025, at 9:35 pm, Researcher Leo Abernathy arrived at Site-83 in a stolen Toyota Corolla sedan and with a large duffle bag. He proceeded to make his way toward SCP-7829-2's containment cell, stopping briefly at a guard station to hand them 4 thermoses of coffee laced with a high dosage of Zolpidem. He encouraged them to drink the beverage and relax. The below transcript is a compilation of footage from various cameras, including cameras inside and outside Site-83 and the dashcam in the stolen vehicle. It follows Researcher Abernathy and SCP-7829-2 once Abernathy arrives at its cell after stopping at the guard station. 

**Date:** 15/5/2025

**Present:** Researcher Leo Abernathy and SCP-7829-2 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Researcher Abernathy rushes into SCP-7829-2 containment cell holding a large duffle bag. He throws it across the room towards SCP-7829-2. It lands at its feet.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Leo, what is this?

**Abernathy:** We don't have much time. I'm going to get you out tonight, but we need to move fast. Change into the clothes in that bag. I'll be back in a few minutes.

*SCP-7829-2 flashes a wide grin at Researcher Abernathy as he leaves the cell. While SCP-7829-2 changes, Abernathy surveys the surrounding corridors. After finding the area empty, he walks to the guard station and sees that 3 guards have become incapacitated. Abernathy then returns to the cell to find SCP-7829-2 changed into a standard Foundation researcher uniform.*

**Abernathy:** Are you ready?

 

**SCP-7829-2:** Yes.

*SCP-7829-2 lightly brushes the side of Abernathy's face and looks at him tenderly.*

**SCP-7829-2:** You've done wonderfully Leo.

*Researcher Abernathy smiles and blushes, then takes hold of SCP-7829-2's hand.*

**Abernathy:** Stick close to me, ok? The guards are distracted at the moment, but we might bump into someone unexpected.

*Researcher Abernathy and SCP-7829-2 make their way through Site-83 towards the staff carpark. They do not encounter anyone until they reach the stolen sedan, at which point they are met by Site Director Thatcher, who is making her way to her vehicle.* 

**Thatcher:** Researcher Abernathy, is that you?

*Researcher Abernathy signals for SCP-7829-2 to hide behind a nearby car. However, Site Director Thatcher reaches them before it can move.*

**Thatcher:** I thought that was you. Glad to see I'm not the only one slugging it out well into the night. How have you been?

**Abernathy:** Me? I'm doing fine. I was just about to head home for the night. I have a dinner I need to get to.

**Thatcher:** This late? 

*Director Thatcher gives Researcher Abernathy a wry smile.*

**Thatcher:** Is it a date, you lucky ladybug?

**Abernathy:** Haha, I wish. No, just a dinner between 2 close friends.

**SCP-7829-2:** Yes, Leo promised to take me to eat some sushi at a lovely restaurant he recently found. We were meant to leave sooner, but something came up.

*Thatcher peers at SCP-7829-2 with a doubtful expression. She looks between it and Researcher Abernathy before speaking.*

**Thatcher:** Have we met? I don't recall seeing you before.

**SCP-7829-2:** Briefly, I believe. I am a new arrival to this lovely facility of ours. From memory, we spoke when I first came last week. But beyond that, we've not interacted.

*Thatcher moves her left hand toward the taser on her belt.*

**Thatcher:** That's odd. I don't recall any new staff arriving at Site-83 in the last 4 months.

*Director Thatcher pulls out her taser, but before she can set it off, she is tackled to the ground by Researcher Abernathy. He puts his hand around her throat and squeezes with full force. She tries to pull his hands from her throat, making Abernathy tighten his grip in response.*

**Abernathy:** YOU. WILL. NOT. TAKE. HIM. FROM. ME!

*Visibly losing strength, Thatcher makes one final attempt to escape by reaching for the taser, which had been knocked from her belt. She touches its edges and begins trying to pick it up when SCP-7829-2 slams his foot down on her hand. She glances at it, and it blows her a kiss, then kicks the taser under a nearby car. In her final moments, Thatcher attempts one final time to remove Abernathy's hands from her throat before going limp. Once she stops moving, Abernathy lets go of her throat and looks at his hands. They are violently shaking.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Well done Leo.

**Abernathy:** I can't believe I did that. I can't believe I killed her.

**SCP-7829-2:** She was going to tear us apart, Leo. She was going to make sure you never saw me again. And now she'll never be able to do that, will she?

**Abernathy:** No, she won't.

*SCP-7829-2 kisses Abernathy on the cheek.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Hide her body, then let us leave Leo. I am sick of the place.

*Abernathy nods, then stands. He slides Thatcher's body under the nearest car before taking SCP-7829-2 to the stolen sedan. Once they reach it, they both get in, with Abernathy in the drivers seat and SCP-7829-2 in the seat beside him. His hands are still shaking as he starts the car and drives towards the nearest exit gate. Once there, the vehicle is stopped by Captain Lascelles.*

**Captain Lascelles:** Another late-night Abe?

*Abernathy awkwardly laughs.*

**Abernathy:** Yeah, you know me, I like my work.

**Captain Lascelles:** Yeah you do. I almost thought you lived here with how few times I've seen you make your way outta here these days. It's like the Site Director glued you to your chair.

*Lascelles lets out a cheerful laugh as Abernathy stares ahead, tightly gripping the steering wheel. SCP-7829-2 glares at them both, visibly annoyed. At this moment, Captain Lascelles takes notice of SCP-7829-2.*

**Captain Lascelles:** Who’s your friend?

**Abernathy:** Oh, sorry, I forgot to introduce you. This is Grayson. He's a new arrival to Site-83.

**SCP-7829-2:** Pleasure to make your acquaintance.

**Captain Lascelles:** Good to meet you too. Glad to see Abe has someone other than me to talk to. Always a shame to see him head home by himself.

**SCP-7829-2:** Indeed.

**Captain Lascelles:** Alrighty, enough small talk. Time for you folks to be on yo—

*Alarms, set off by 2 researchers who found the unconscious guards, begin blaring across Site-83.*

**Captain Lascelles:** Cancel that. I'll need you guys to head back inside till these alarms are off. I have good luck on gate duty, so it won't be anything serious. Probably a mistake or some faulty wire or something. But you can never be too careful around here, especially after what happened a few months back.

**Abernathy:** Can you please just let us out? We need to get dinner. It's been hours since we've eaten, and we really need something other than vending machine crap.

**Captain Lascelles:** Sorry, no can do. I'm not having my ass chewed out because of some dinner. You need to both head back and follow safety protocol on this one, alright?

*Abernathy looks conflicted as he turns at SCP-7829-2.*

**SCP-7829-2:** You made me a promise, Leo. You're not going to break that promise, are you?

**Captain Lascelles:** Promise? What are you on ab—

*Researcher Abernathy slams his foot down on the accelerator. The car jumps forward and breaks through the gate. Captain Lascelles and other nearby guards open fire on the vehicle.*

**SCP-7829-2:** I must say, this escape has suddenly become far more entertaining.

**Abernathy:** Keep your head down Dorian! And put your seatbelt on!

*SCP-7829-2 puts its head out the window and waves back at the guards. As it does so, a bullet hits the back tyre of the vehicle, causing Abernathy to lose control. The car rolls 5 times before slamming into a tree. The dashcam momentarily cuts out before turning back on and showing SCP-7829-2 and Researcher Abernathy trapped in the mangled wreckage. SCP-7829-2 is unharmed, and Abernathy is seriously injured but conscious.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Are you kidding me? How could you crash the car, you stupid fool?

*Abernathy looks at SCP-7829-2 and attempts to speak, but his broken jaw prevents him from uttering more than a groan.*

**SCP-7829-2:** I asked one thing of you, Leo. ONE THING! And you can't even do that. Was it that hard to keep the car on the road? Honestly, the absolute stupidity you have shown baffles me. I asked for so little. I gave you my friendship when you had no others, and then I gave you so much more. And yet, in my moment of greatest need, you can manage nothing more than wrecking this cheap car. It's pathetic. You're pathetic, Leo. I should have seen that sooner. I should have known you were an unworthy companion when I found your diary empty of all but work notes.

*SCP-7829-2 turns to Researcher Abernathy. It glares at him as footsteps and shouts are heard nearby.*

You deserve to be alone, Leo. You deserve to rot in that empty apartment of yours as people laugh together outside your window. Know that I will never speak to you again, nor think of you. You are nothing to me now.

*SCP-7829-2 spits on Abernathy as Site-83 guards begin arriving at the crash site and surround the vehicle. In a subsequent search of Site-83, after both SCP-7829-2 and Researcher Abernathy were apprehended, Site Director Country Thatcher's body was found. After a brief investigation, Abernathy was charged with her murder and for assisting SCP-7829-2 in breaching containment.*

[END LOG]

**Addendum 7829.12: SCP-7829-2 Post-Containment Breach**

Following its attempted containment breach, SCP-7829-2 was brought back to its containment cell and Researcher Abernathy was sent to Site-83's medical wing and placed in a guarded room. Two days after being sent to the medical wing, Abernathy was found dead in the room's bathroom, having committed suicide by overdosing on several medications.

Researcher Abernathy had left a note on the bathroom sink, alongside the origami rose. The note was 2 pages long, and it detailed how he was sorry for failing SCP-7829-2 and that the time he spent with it was the only time in his life he didn't feel lonely. He stated he couldn't live in a world where SCP-7829-2 didn't want to be near him, and he hoped that SCP-7829-2 would one day find a way to forgive him for not being enough.

In a subsequent interview about the containment breach, SCP-7829-2 was informed about Abernathy’s death. SCP-7829-2's reaction was recorded once it was returned to its cell.

**Date:** 18/5/2025

**Present:** SCP-7829-2 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*After being returned to its cell, SCP-7829-2 begins pacing back and forth along the east wall. It does so for half an hour before speaking.*

**SCP-7829-2:** Leo... oh Leo. My poor, innocent Leo. It's happened again. Once more, I have become a vessel of sin. I have destroyed something pure and good because of my greed and vanity. And why? Because he tried to help me escape and failed? Because he fought against impossible odds and lost?  Because he loved me enough to risk his very being?

And how did I thank him for his efforts? I called him a failure, a disgrace. I told him I would never care for him again, nor would anyone else. I struck at his heart with the very words that I knew would hurt him most. Words that I knew would lead him down a dark road. And now he is gone, forever lost while I remain here, young and beautiful, yet deserving of neither.

*SCP-7829-2 sits down and puts its head in its hands. Its fingers scratch at the sides of its head, its nails digging deeply into its skin.*

How many more will I corrupt? How many more will have their life ruined or erased from the world by my hand? I deserve to be in this place. I should be locked away like the rabid, lustful beast that I am. They should brick that door closed and keep me caged until the last painting is gone. Then, if I am not dead, they should hang me until I breathe my last. That is the only fate I am worthy of.

Leo, please let it not be true Leo. You should live instead of me. I should be burning in the pits for all I've done. I beseech you, return to me Leo. Come home.

*SCP-7829-2 rocks back and forth, letting out small sobs and saying Researcher Abernathy's name. After 3 minutes, it stops and looks at its hands.*

**SCP-7829-2:** But it was truly his fault, wasn't it? I asked of him one little thing, one small favour. It wasn't too much for him. He knew as well as anyone what he was getting into. Yet he still failed. He endangered me with his foolish plan. How could someone who claimed to care for me do such a thing? No, he didn't care for me. Leo only wanted to fulfil his need for attention, to be noticed. Yes, what a parasite he was. He doesn't deserve my sympathy, and he doesn't deserve to be in my thoughts.

I shall forget him, as the world shall forget him. He will get nothing more from me.

*SCP-7829-2 stands and pats the creases out of its clothes. It then walks over to its bed, picks up a book with a red cover, and begins reading it with a smile on its face.*

[END LOG]

 

<< [SCP-7828](SCP-7828) | SCP-7829 | [SCP-7830](SCP-7830) >>

> **Filename:** DorianPortrait.png

> **Name:** Johann Friedrich August Tischbein - Nicolas Châtelain in the Garten - WGA22707

> **Author:** Johann Friedrich August Tischbein

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Johann_Friedrich_August_Tischbein_-_Nicolas_Ch%C3%A2telain_im_Garten.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** This image has been edited by . These edits are: changing the eye colour to blue and changing the hair colour to blonde.
