SCP-7561, by P4TR1CK07.

I hope you enjoyed this **Classic-Con** entry! This is my second ever SCP was an absolute blast to work on!

A MASSIVE thanks to  for creating this wonderful and horrific picture!

Thanks to the following critters:         

**Item #:** SCP-7561

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Juvenile instances of SCP-7561 found within human hosts are to be removed and incinerated. Fully matured instances of SCP-7561 are to be removed by surgical means.

All individuals who have made close contact with infected individuals are to be quarantined and monitored for no less than a week. Additionally, personnel interacting with SCP-7561 instances, or its hosts, are to be fitted with ~~Class-C~~ Class-A Hazmat suits. 

**Description:** SCP-7561 is a species of mesoparasitic Mesoparasitism refers to a specific type of parasitic relationship where the parasite lives partly embedded in the host.  isopod that  have an elliptical, flattened segmented body covered in a tough exoskeleton. Whilst highly similar to *Cymothoa exigua*  Tongue-eating louse. , a species exclusively preying on fish, SCP-7561 has adapted to the specific conditions of the human mouth.

Transmission of SCP-7561 occurs via ova-bearing airborne particles from an infected host, or from oral contact with an infected host. Should an ovum reach an individual's tongue, it will hatch after approximately 24 hours.

The newly hatched instance of SCP-7561 will latch onto and feed on its host's tongue, whilst also releasing a strong localised anaesthetic in its saliva. Juvenile instances of SCP-7561 will measure only five millimetres in length, making detection of SCP-7561 in its early stages difficult. SCP-7561 slowly grows as it consumes the host's tongue.

After about a week, SCP-7561 will reach the lingual artery, by which point its length will roughly match that of the section of the tongue it has consumed. By this point, the damage caused by SCP-7561's feeding is irreversible. The remaining upper tongue will begin to die of necrosis as SCP-7561's feeding disrupts blood flow. ~~At this point, the host will begin to feel moderate pain and discomfort, despite the anaesthetic.~~ (See Addendum 7561.01)

By this stage, removal without complex surgical intervention is near impossible due to the strength by which SCP-7561 is attached to the remnants of the tongue. SCP-7561 then begins to siphon off nutrients from the host's dietary intake, which are used to produce eggs, later expelled in the host's saliva.

**Addendum 7561.01 - SCP Department of Health Mandatory Check-up Results**

---

On the 23rd of September, 2024, the head researcher on SCP-7561, Doctor Marion, was discovered as being infected with an SCP-7561 instance during a standard dental check-up at the Site-95 office for staff health and wellbeing. Doctor Marion had been entirely unaware of this.

Site-95's Head of Biosecurity, Doctor Cooper, subsequently ordered all staff assigned to SCP-7561 to be quarantined and tested for infection. Attached below are the results.

---

| **Personnel** | **Status** |
| --- | --- |
| Head Researcher Marion | **Infected** |
| Assistant Head Researcher Freeman | **Infected** |
| Researcher Shepherd | **Infected** |
| Researcher Whitehead | **Infected** |
| Researcher Norman | **Infected** |
| Assistant Researcher Osborn | **Infected** |
| Assistant Researcher Lawrence | **Infected** |
| Containment Engineer Owens | **Infected** |
---

Contact tracing revealed that the SCP-7561 research team was the origin of a significant number of infections. 13 family members had been infected as a result of contact with infected members of the SCP-7561 research team.

Further testing of Site-95 personnel revealed 23 additional cases of SCP-7561 infections. None of these infected staff had been involved in testing or research with SCP-7561.

Analysis of the SCP-7561 specimens that had infected the research team indicate that SCP-7561 has rapidly evolved over only a few generations. Notable changes include the production of a more concentrated local anaesthetic that prevents any pain for the entire duration of SCP-7561's feeding. New generations of SCP-7561 have also adapted in their appearance and now convincingly imitate human tongues.

**[Update 07/12/2024]:** Further contact tracing also revealed at least two cases of SCP-7561 infection of Foundation staff beyond Site-95.

<< [SCP-7560](SCP-7560) | SCP-7561 | [SCP-7562](SCP-7562) >>

> **Filename:** JeremyTheLouse

> **Author:** ic3bro

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/p47r1ck43-2/TongueStealer

> **Derivative Of:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Betty_in_mouth.jpg
