:root{

   --header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

   --header-subtitle: "Site-400";

   ~~lgurl: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/secure-facilities-locations/Site-400.svg);

}

.footnotes-footer {

    visibility: hidden;

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

**SCP-7917** - The Worst Distance Between Two People

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ndheckfire)

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Site-400's Human Resources Complaint Form

---

****Date:**** *28/07/2020*

****Reported by:**** *Dr. Dannielle Johallender*

****Position of reporter:****

☐ Site Director:

☑ Senior Researcher: *Emergent Threat Tactical Response Authority (ETTRA)*

☐ Junior Researcher:

☐ Field Agent:

☐ On-site Security:

☐ Logistics Personnel:

****Anonymity:**** ☑ No | ☐ Yes

---

****Report Details:****

*I would like to file a complaint against Junior Researcher William Herschel, of the Department of Humanoid Risk Assessment, for verbal harassment and overall extremely unprofessional conduct.*

*It was around 12:20 PM, during which I was simply doing unrelated paperwork when the malefactor in question suddenly burst into my office unannounced. I could see immediately that he was sweating profusely, with wet spots under his armpits and back, as if he ran a marathon just to get here. He proceeded to lean on the doorway of my office, gasping for breath. I stood up from my chair, concerned, and asked him what was going on.*

*He answered, in between pants, that the reason he came here was to inform me that he thinks that he's an unclassified anomaly. Upon hearing this, my ears instantly perked up, as knowing Site-400's infamous record of employing anomalous personnel, I saw this as a situation of utmost interest. I quickly grabbed a nearby Anomaly Report Form and asked him what he thought he was capable of doing.*

*That was when he said it. In his own repulsive words; "I think I can get myself to your [back orifice]" (suffice to say, he said a much ruder word, but I've taken the liberty of omitting and replacing it with a much civil term).*

*At first, I was utterly confused, but after processing what I just heard, I immediately snapped at him at to get out of my office. If I hadn't known better, I'd say he also looked puzzled. He attempted to regain himself by saying that he was serious, and that "this isn't a joke". I, of course, ignored him, and proceeded to shove him out of my office.*

*Before he could say anything further, I slammed the door on his face. After a couple of minutes, I heard footsteps slowly walking away, and let out a breath of relief. Without delay, I picked out this form and began writing my complaint (as you can see).*

*I will say, however, that I do not think that Researcher Herschel acted as he did willingly, considering the state he was in when he entered my office. Instead, I believe that he'd done this on the grounds of it being some form of a "dare"; possibly orchestrated by his colleagues from the Department of Humanoid Risk Assessment. Maybe the reason they've targeted me specifically was due to my inexperience working here, since ETTRA is still somewhat of a new addition to Site-400. If this is found to be true, and that there are other individuals involved in this cruel prank, I humbly request that they also be penalized accordingly.*

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-400

Director Adam Desmond

{{PENDING}}

{{PENDING}}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Investigation into the sudden disappearance of SCP-7917-A is still in progress. The Internal Affairs Section along with the Department of Human Resources are currently cooperating with each other in order to hopefully solve SCP-7917.

Any Foundation personnel possessing relevant information regarding SCP-7917 are encouraged to report it to their current Adminstration and Oversight officer.

---

**Description:** SCP-7917 is the designation given to the nature of Junior Researcher William Herschel's disappearance. For the purposes of brevity within this document, Jr. Researcher Herschel is hereafter designated as SCP-7917-A.

SCP-7917 was discovered on the 28th of August, 2019, after Dr. Dannielle Johallender of the Emergent Threat Tactical Response Authority (ETTRA) filed a HR Complaint relating to "verbal harassment" and "extremely unprofessional conduct" on the part of SCP-7917-A. The very next day, two Human Resources personnel would do a follow-up on the complaint, with them expressing the purpose of visiting SCP-7917-A's office and interviewing him.

However, they would find the office to be locked from the inside. An attempt was made to communicate with SCP-7917-A but the personnel did not receive a response. On-site security was contacted to access the office, which was found to be completely vacant. Questioning with some of SCP-7917-A's colleagues revealed that, after he "met with the new ETTRA lady", SCP-7917-A proceeded to lock himself in his office and remained there for the rest of the day. These testimonies were corroborated by the footage of a surveillance camera that was in view of the exterior of the office.

Examination of the office itself revealed that it was utterly in shambles, with multiple file folders and pieces of men's clothing strewn about. SCP-7917-A's SCiPnet computer was inspected, with the search history showing recent search prompts relating to humanoid anomalies, specifically how they are handled in terms of treatment and containment.

Within the drawer of his personal desk, investigating personnel was able to retrieve SCP-7917-A's notebook journal. The journal mostly consists of unrelated dates and immaterial notes, with the exception of the final page, which seems to have been hastily scrawled with a dull 2B graphite pencil. The page reads:

@@ @@

= 28/7/20

@@ @@

**TEST NUMBER:** # ONE

@@ @@

**HYPOTHEISIS:** IF IT LETS ME GO THERE (SOMEHOW?!) THEN IT'LL SURELY BRING ME BACK ALIVE RIGHT? THAT'S HOW IT WORKS FOR THE OTHERS

@@ @@

**RESULTS:** ~~WAIT IF I DON'T FILL THIS PART THEN DOES THAT MEAN I'M~~

@@ @@

The above transcription seems to suggest that SCP-7917-A was under the possession of an unknown anomaly. Investigation into the page's possible correlation with his disappearance is still ongoing.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

### ##900|► Play##

**DR. JOHALLENDER:** -so darn frustrating. For some reason, they think that Batherson returning is *somehow* connected to the Climate Collapse Scenario. No offense, but I don't see how an immortal individual has anything to do with a *worldwide* K-Class event.

(*sighs*) Though, I must be honest, I'm still interested with that hammer thing we found at-

(*Door knocking.*)

**DR. JOHALLENDER:** Come in?

(*Wood creaking.*)

**UNKNOWN:** Uhh, Dr. Johallender?

**DR. JOHALLENDER:** Yes, and who's asking?

**UNKNOWN:** Umm, Ogden Orville? From Astronomical Research? I made an appointment with you yesterday?

**DR. JOHALLENDER:** Ah, apologies, Dr. Orville. I seem to have forgotten about that. Please come in. And take a seat.

**DR. ORVILLE:** Right, thanks.

(*Chair scraping.*)

**DR. JOHALLENDER:** So, you said you have something of interest to show me? What is it?

**DR. ORVILLE:** I assume you want a little bit of context here. (*clears throat*) On February 7th, 2021, one of our orbital satellites, SAPHIR-2l3, detected a "physical abnormality" while it was on its regular annual patrol. Uhh, you see, it took a photo of the abnormality and... well, I think it's best if you see it for yourself.

(*Rustling.*)

**DR. JOHALLENDER:** Wait is that... Is that a *corpse*?

**DR. ORVILLE:** Yeah... Usually we would just file this in an empty SCP slot and be done with it, since these kind of things happen [all the time](scp-7396). But after I saw what the corpse was wearing, I immediately thought of showing it to you.

**DR. JOHALLENDER:** Hold on... Let me think for a second. Uhh, where was this picture taken?

**DR. ORVILLE:** Oh, right, sorry. Forgot to mention. SAPHIR took it at Uranus.

**DR. JOHALLENDER:** ... I beg your pardon?

### ##900|■ Stop##

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7916](SCP-7916) | SCP-7917 | [SCP-7918](SCP-7918) >>

=====
