**Item #:** SCP-7191

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~SCP-7191 is contained in a humanoid containment cell at  Site-17 and is to be provided with a portable oxygen tank alongside standard amenities. All proposals concerning SCP-7191-B extraction are to be sent to Dr. Barrack for review.~~

SCP-7191 is held in a containment chamber installed with a built-in ventilation system at Site-17 and is medically restrained to their bed. Personnel must adorn respirators and flame-retardant coverings before entering the chamber. In the event that signs of leakage or ventilation breakdown are present, the attending supervisor is to be notified immediately.

**Description:** SCP-7191 is an 11-year-old male humanoid of Chinese-American descent (formerly known as Collin Tian). SCP-7191 possesses an extra-dimensional space in the form of SCP-7191-A, a marble cave-like structure superimposed on their nasopharynx. SCP-7191-A is host to tunnels, cenotes, speleothems in addition to various mining-based materials.See Addendum-01 for further clarification.

SCP-7191 has a tangible effect on SCP-7191-A, as the entity's head movements or coughs result in the space temporarily changing gravity or be afflicted with tremors respectively. SCP-7191-A is not miniaturized and retains the actual corresponding size to that of non-anomalous caverns. Despite this, SCP-7191 is not weighed down by SCP-7191-A and has freedom of movement. SCP-7191 is overall not negatively affected by SCP-7191-A with the exception of indirectly causing its dyspnea, which can be alleviated via oxygen therapy.

**History:** Prior to containment, SCP-7191 was born with multiple nasal-related disorders that worsened during its development. On 09/22/2022, SCP-7191's mother had taken the entity for a scheduled doctor's appointment, during which attending physicians were astonished to witness SCP-7191-A. The Foundation was alerted to the situation and amnestized all relevant parties. SCP-7191 was then subsequently transferred to Site-17.

**Addendum-01:** Post-containment, an in-depth inspection of SCP-7191-A was performed through endoscopic technology. There, researchers discovered SCP-7191-B, a series of mineral deposits located throughout the anomaly. Individual SCP-7191-B instances not only hold native elements expected in underground mining, but also contain exceedingly excessive amounts of rare, artificial, and even anomalous metals such as [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-073 Beryllium Bronze] and [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/a-fellow-scholar Morgana Silver]. ~~However, SCP-7191-A is completely absent of fossil fuels such as natural gas and coal.~~

The revelation that SCP-7191-B-related material are identical to their original counterparts and carry zero risk of anomalous contamination, combined with the [ongoing global chip crisis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020%E2%80%932023_global_chip_shortage) convinced Site Director Thomas Graham to assign Dr. Barrack to SCP-7191's case to see if the entity was suitable for potential thaumiel class status. 

Although SCP-7191-B are capable of being mined, the diminutive size of SCP-7191-A's entrance and the impracticality of maneuvering the drill made extraction largely inefficient. Dissatisfied, Director Graham gave Dr. Barrack a strict deadline to bypass the 'obstacle' at hand or risk demotion. This issue was further exacerbated when SCP-7191 was beginning to reluctantly cooperate with staff, as extractions always caused the entity immense discomfort.

To amend this, Dr. Barrack attempted to regain SCP-7191's compliance through enticement as he continued the struggle finding an optimal solution for his predicament.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/7191/Incident/Barrack ◀</summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *[SCP-7191 is seated by the table, holding their hands and slowly swaying in their chair. The entity rubs their eyes when they notice the one-way mirror. SCP-7191 rubs their mask, sighs, then rests their head. The testing chamber's door opens.]*

> 

> *[Dr. Barrack and several researchers pushing utility carts enter the chamber. Upon noticing them, SCP-7191 moves up from their seat and folds their arms. The entity looks to the floor.]*

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** Hey champ, how you doin'?

> 

> *[SCP-7191 mutters under their breath.]*

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** I'm sorry, can you repeat that son? 

> 

> **SCP-7191:** ...I-I'm fine--

> 

> *[SCP-7191 abruptly slides down their mask and coughs loudly. The entity massages their throat when they observe the carts. SCP-7191 posture stiffens.]*

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** SCP... Collin, can you sit back down? Nothing will happen, I promise. I just want to... give you something.

> 

> **SCP-7191:** ...O... O-Okay...

> 

> *[SCP-7191 slowly sits down, hands and shoulders visibly shaking. Dr. Barrack orders a researcher to bring one of the carts closer to the table. SCP-7191 covers their eyes as Dr. Barrack removes the cloth. The entity's breath shudders and respirates deeply when the sound of lighter flickering is heard.]*

> 

> **SCP-7191:** Hm?

> 

> *[SCP-7191 pulls away their hands. Dr. Barrack is using a barbecue lighter to ignite the candles on a white large rectangular cake. Although much of the font is illegible from this angle, the words "HAPPY" and "12TH" can be seen written on the surface with purple frosting.]*

> 

> **SCP-7191:** Um?

> 

> *[SCP-7191 looks at the other carts, various sweets and pizza resting on them.]*

> 

> **SCP-7191:** I don't get it. Is this another test?

> 

> *[Dr. Barrack chuckles and pours a glass of chocolate milk on the table. He is wearing a party hat and a polka-dot styled tie.]*

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** Nope, no testing. It's a... reward.

> 

> *[Researchers begin transferring the dishes from the carts onto the table. SCP-7191 looks on in disbelief.]*

> 

> **SCP-7191:** Reward?!

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** Mm-hmm. Consider it a gift from me to you. 

> 

> *[SCP-7191 reads the lettering.]*

> 

> **SCP-7191:** Oh... thank you? But it's not my birthday--

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** Consider it an *early* birthday then. I figured it was overdue for all the nice, *wonderful* hard work you've been doing.

> 

> *[Dr. Barrack gives SCP-7191 a spare party hat. SCP-7191 looks towards the glass, reaches for it and takes a sip. Visibly elated, the entity quickly downs its contents.]*

> 

> **SCP-7191:** So... cool... this is awesome! Thank you so much!

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** Hey, don't mention bud. What are *friends* for?

> 

> **SCP-7191:** Yeah, thank you so much and... oh wow! Does that mean the tests have finished? 

> 

> *[Dr. Barrack expresses an exaggerated frown.]*

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** Sorry, champ, but that's not in cards.

> 

> **SCP-7191:** Oh... because of my shiny boogers?

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** Yes, right on the nose... pun unintended. Collin, I know it sucks but if we don't remove them soon... it'll just cause more health problems in the long run. Y'know?

> 

> **SCP-7191:** Oh... okay.

> 

> *[Dr. Barrack slides the cake closer to the entity. Dr. Barrack fills himself and the entity's glass with more chocolate milk.]*

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** But it's not going to be forever, I promise. When we eventually remove all those, heh, *boogers* out, you can go back home. Promise.

> 

> **SCP-7191:** You said 'promise' twice--

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** Anyways we should get this party started before your cake melts. Vanilla ice cream cake. Your favorite.

> 

> *[SCP-7191 smiles.]*

> 

> **SCP-7191:** Thank you so much. I'll try to do my best.

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** [Laughs] I'm sure you will.

> 

> *[SCP-7191 removes their mask. As they do so, the entity frowns.]*

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** Something wrong, champ?

> 

> **SCP-7191:** Sorry, Mr. Barrack. I've just been getting this gross smell all day. Is that normal?

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** Ah, that's probably the new nasal spray we've been given you. It'll pass. Eh... just not to exert your lungs far more than you have to.

> 

> **SCP-7191:** Okay.

> 

> *[SCP-7191 inhales, leans close to the candles, and exhales. A bright light flash emanates from the table, instantaneously followed by a loud bang, then smoke. Attending researchers are bewildered and disoriented.]*

> 

> **Dr. Barrack:** T-T-The fuck?! What the hell is... Ow! Ow... why-- 

> 

> *[Dr. Barrack gasps. An eyeball is floating in his glass of chocolate milk and teeth are embedded in his arm. Dr. Barrack stares at the table in horror. SCP-7191 is sitting in their seat; fire and smoke emerge from their head.]*

> 

> *[SCP-7191 sways widely, then falls onto the cake. The cake quickly melts as the table catches on fire. The fire alarm blares as Dr. Barrack watches from a distance, stunned. Researchers begin to panic as the fire spreads to SCP-7191's clothing.]*

> 

> *[A researcher pulls on the fire extinguisher on the wall as security enter the room.]*

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

SCP-7191-A was inspected in the immediate aftermath, uncovering recently-drilled sections containing trace amounts of methane. Investigators deduced that prior to the events of Addendum-01, the entity was subjected to standard SCP-7191-B extraction that early morning. However, the research team had inadvertently perforated into a reservoir of natural gas, causing it to leak throughout SCP-7191-A. SCP-7191 didn't suffer the effects of the gas flooding into their respiratory tract due to the aforementioned small entrance to SCP-7191-A and the sufficient oxygen it was being supplied with.

The resulting explosion caused the irrevocable destruction of SCP-7191's facial muscles, bones, and organs. The entity was also afflicted with substantial brain damage, causing it to undergo a deep coma. As SCP-7191 was placed in its current containment chamber, Site Director Graham drafted disciplinary measures for Dr. Barrack. Resources were also allocated to SCP-7191 for experimental reconstruction surgery.

**Addendum-02:** Several days after, the combustion within SCP-7191 ceased completely. Another endoscopic exploration found that while SCP-7191-A was significantly damaged, a large portion of SCP-7191-B was not. The introduction of the enlarged opening on SCP-7191 allowed the application of drones to venture into and extract SCP-7191-B more efficiently and easier than prior attempts. 

Furthermore, the explosion unearthed more tunnels, leading to more caverns containing a massive overabundance of SCP-7191-B instances, even more than those located by the entrance. Months later, it was concluded that SCP-7191-A has no measurable length or depth, and is presumed to be infinite. Site Director Graham congratulated the research team's endeavors on finding a workaround solution for the preliminary issue, granting them more permits and permissions.

Dr. Barrack was granted the opportunity for a promotion, but ultimately declined it. Dr. Barrack has drafted proposals citing up advocacy of siphon resources that are now primarily allocated to mining-based expenditures back to reconstruction surgery. [The proposal was declined](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/site-17-hub).

<< [SCP-7190](SCP-7190) | SCP-7191 | [SCP-7192](SCP-7192) >>

> **Filename:** CoolCave.jpg

> **Name:** 09787cd83691

> **Author:** Александр Топалов

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:09787cd83691.jpg)
