[Canon Hub](canon-hub) >> [From 120's Archives Hub](From 120's Archives Hub) / [What a Wonderful World Hub](wonder-world) >> SCP-7292

**[More by this author](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ralliston-s-authorpage)**

**Item #:** SCP-7292

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~To ensure that respective SCP-7292 hosts do not lose their Thaumiel properties, it is imperative that they are not informed of their anomalous nature. However, to ensure their operation continues, Foundation assets should not interfere with hosts themselves, instead focusing solely on containing any Veil-breaking phenomena they may produce.~~

Due to the recent rapid and intentional weakening of the Veil as well as the agreement between the O5 Council and PoI-386-Prime, the Foundation should under no circumstance interfere with any SCP-7292 host operations, instead aiming to aid them where possible.

**Description:** SCP-7292 is a poorly understood global phenomenon that affects every single selfless or kind act a conscious being is capable of undertaking. Whenever any sentient or sapient entity willingly acts out of pure altruism instead of any other gain-focused motives, through an accidental chain of relation, they inadvertently cause the weakening of hostile beings that feed upon any form of human suffering.

SCP-7292 is capable of having its own hosts, which take the form of individuals Or groups thereof.  that are the primary heralds of selfless values in their respective time period. It is unknown how many such hosts have existed throughout history, but current estimates place it at a number between 10 000 and 50 000.

It is believed that SCP-7292 acted as mankind's primary and most effective defense mechanism against hostile deific entities prior to the formation of normalcy-guarding organizations for over 300 000 years.

**Addendum 7292-1:** Abridged List of SCP-7292 Hosts

| Period of Operation | Name | Description | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 300 000-240 000 BCE | PoI-001-B ("The Inventor") | An ancient Fae goddess, sister and enemy to [PoI-001-C ("Queen Mab")](ralliston-s-proposal). An ancient and near-infinitely powerful Fae reality bender monarch that ruled the Earth as the queen of the Fae Empire approximately 300 000 years ago.  Heavily implied to be the "good" counterpart to Mab's rule over the Fae Empire, focusing her actions on aiding her people and improving their lives despite her sister's tyrannical rule. | Died during the First Diaspora, the event that eventually led to Queen Mab's death and the fall of the Fae Empire. Singlehandedly allowed for the event to even occur, sacrificing herself for the cause of freedom. |
| 1800-1200 BCE | GoI-691-ARC ("The Freemen") | A rogue sect of Sarkicism that isolated itself from the faith's main current, believing that its actions following the rebellion that freed it from under the Deava Empire to be heavily unethical. Propagated cooperation between Mekhanites and Sarkites, attempting to aid [those that chose working together over violence](of-the-crimeless-traitors). | Perished during the First Occult War while attempting to stop the conflict from occurring. Despite its failure at its primary goals, it is responsible for preventing significant portions of the damage and deaths the war would cause without their intervention. In the present day, the knowledge of GoI-691 is heavily censured by most Neo-Sarkic groups and individuals. |
| 270-343 | Saint Nicolas | A Catholic (GoI-194) and Eastern Orthodoxy (GoI-206) saint, primarily known for significantly helping those in need near him and around the world. | Despite his death of natural causes in 343, the legacy of Saint Nicolas' character, [Name](scp-5925), and values are still maintained to this day, and are often imitated by various organizations and [individuals](scp-6483), both paranormal and nonanomalous. |
| 1864-1868 | GoI-491-ARC ("Peacewalkers") | A humanitarian movement born at the beginning of the Sixth Occult War. Aided all wounded by the conflict, taking no part in the chaos that ensued because of the war, remaining a neutral party. | Perished during the final battle of the War. Previous to its disappearance, however, it prevented as much as 56% of wounded as a result of the conflict from dying. |
| Operating since at least 1870; ending threshold unknown | "[Kindness](a-kind-of-christmas)" | An extremely poorly understood person, entity, metaphysical construct, or literary being, responsible for bringing several people around the world "the best end to their respective stories." | The reports of "Kindness" and its actions have led several Foundation personnel to part their ways with the organization and join other Groups of Interest; interestingly, however, none of them pursued any violent operations against the Foundation or any other normalcy organizations, instead aiming to focus their lives on upholding the legacy of "Kindness." |
| 1909-present day | GoI-386 ("[Dr. Wondertainment](dr-wondertainment-hub)") | A group of anomalous toymakers focused on bringing joy and magic into the otherwise sad and dull lives of children, passing down the title of Dr. Wondertainment to the successors of its founder, Chester Williams. Due to the ongoing degradation of the natural environment, current political systems around the world, and the Veil protocol as a whole and in spite of the [Foundation's promise to stop intervening with its operations](scp-445-ex), it is continuously losing its magic, instead focusing on producing mundane products. | N/A -- See below. |
**Addendum 7292-2** PoI-386-Prime-4 Interview

<details>
<summary>► Attempt to Retrieve Suppressed Data</summary>

**Interviewed:** Judy Papill ("Dr. Wondertainment")

**Interviewer:** Abigail Hadfield ("O5-8")

**Foreword:** Following the discovery of SCP-7292 and its Thaumiel properties, it was decided by a unanimous O5 Council that before another SCP-7292 host can be discovered, Dr. Wondertainment should not under any circumstances be allowed to go out of operation or lose its magic, as it would presumably result in the loss of significant protection against hostile entities. To discuss it, a private meeting between Judy Papill ~~ the current holder of the title of Dr. Wondertainment ~~ and O5-8 was held.

---

**<Begin Log>**

**O5-8:** Ms. Papill.

**Judy Papill:** Abi.

*(Papill smiles. Upon hearing her name, O5-8 frowns slightly, before returning to normal moments later.)*

**O5-8:** I trust that you have been briefed by my colleagues regarding our recent... discovery of what your company can do and does to our world, yes?

*(Papill energetically nods.)*

**Judy Papill:** Yeah!

*(O5-8 appreciatively nods, too. She then reaches into her document folder, trying to hand Judy a few papers.)*

**O5-8:** Excellent. If you will forgive me for such rapidity in my actions, here are a few proposals we created together to make sure you continue pro--

**Judy Papill:** Erm... what?

*(O5-8 squits her eyes patronizingly.)*

**O5-8:** Well, your organization is one of the primary shields against actual darkness out there, as you said you were aware. So, it would be only natural if we extended our agreements from simply idly allowing you to exist to active cooperation, would it not?

*(Papill laughs warmly.)*

**Judy Papill:** Ah, you don't get it. Your... well, your discovery doesn't really change much.

*(O5-8 scoffs.)*

**O5-8:** Pardon? You don't seem to understand--

**Judy Papill:** *You* don't seem to understand. *(Sighs, pausing briefly.)* See, here's the thing, Miss Overseer. We cannot accept your proposal to literally get funded by someone like you. We just can't.

**O5-8:** *I'm sorry?*

**Judy Papill:** No, I'm sorry. I know... I know you mean well, but... ah. *(Another pause.)* Do you know what a selfless act is, Abigail?

*(Upon another notice of her name, O5-8 tightens her lips, forcing a polite smile onto them seconds later.)*

**O5-8:** Enlighten me.

**Judy Papill:** It's... It's an expression of some deep desire not to gain anything, but to help someone just because you want to. Because you have to. Because it feels right. Me ~~ and Wondertainment as a whole ~~ have always been about that. About bringing smiles to people's faces. About breathing a little magic into their lives. About... kindness, for the sake of just kindness and nothing more. That's what we've been trying to always do. *(Points at O5-8's documents)* Not... whatever light-versus-dark voodoo magic crap you want us to do.

**O5-8:** I...

**Judy Papill:** It would just lose its point.

**O5-8:** ...'m not sure I follow.

*(Papill sighs.)*

**Judy Papill:** If you were to hire us ~~ to somehow, I don't know, support us with your money or spread our words through your ways or whatever, just to allow your 7292 to exist instead for just the sake of it ~~ it would... it would no longer work. Because it wouldn't be about the smiles of children or love or kindness anymore. It would become a calculated, cold shield. It just wouldn't be the same.

*(Pause.)*

**Judy Papill:** Which means we would become useless to your cause.

*(Another pause. O5-8 blinks thrice, sighs, and massages her temple. She throws her hands in the air.)*

**O5-8:** So we are at a crossroad, are we not? Either allow you to do your thing and have no guarantee you even will remain as a protective figure or try to ensure it and risk losing everything until your inheritor comes along?

*(Judy nods sadly.)*

**Judy Papill:** I'm afraid so.

*(O5-8 sighs again, leaning back into her chair and crossing her arms.)*

**O5-8:** So what the hell are we supposed to do?

*(Papill's eyes suddenly flicker with excitement.)*

**Judy Papill:** I'm glad you asked!

*(She grabs her own bag and starts to rummage through it, eventually grabbing some purple paper and her pen. She clicks it.)*

**Judy Papill:** I've got a few ideas to begin with!

**<End Log>**

---

**Afterword:** Following the above meeting taking place and Judy Papill sharing her proposals with O5-8, the Overseer retreated back to Site-01, wherein she and the rest of the O5 Council proceeded to discuss them and their implementation to allow SCP-7292 to persist in a controlled manner, without neutralizing the anomaly.

**UPDATE:** Two weeks following the meeting taking place, the O5 Council unanimously decided to amnesticise itself entirely regarding its contents, leaving only the document describing their final decision in the SCP-7292 matter intact. Without understanding its context, the entire Council signed it, officially allowing it to pass into motion. Below attached is an excerpt from its copy.

[...]

**Proposal:** Without any outside need to, organize a Foundation-wide festival focused solely on granting its personnel proper relief from work stress, giving them time to socialize with their colleagues. Allow friendly Groups of Interest and anomalous individuals to attend as well, treating them the same as standard Foundation employees.

[...]

Five days later, the festival was carried out at [Site-120](secure-facility-dossier-site-120) with the help of Site-55 and Wonder World^^TM^^ personnel, chosen for its previous usage as an integration center. It had gone without any incidents or other issues, gaining its intended results even more than expected. Noteworthy is the fact that Judy Papill, Faeowynn Wilson, and other external individuals attended en-masse, similarly causing no trouble.

Curiously, however, the festival had one unexpected result: following its finalization, Foundation oracles and farseers stated seeing two possible futures: one, in which the Foundation itself becomes a new host for SCP-7292 in the very far future, or a second one, wherein the Foundation causes SCP-7292's neutralization. The significance of this, if any, remains unknown.

The Site-120 festival has been renewed for a second year, with plans forming for it to become an annual event. The organization of further events similar to this is currently ongoing.

</details>

]

<< [SCP-7291](SCP-7291) | SCP-7292 | [SCP-7293](SCP-7293) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
