**Special Containment Procedures:** Affected personnel are to carry suitable receptacles in order to prevent significant loss of blood in case of an SCP-7685 event. Research is ongoing to discover suitable means of conservation of lost information as a result of an SCP-7685 event. 

**Description:** SCP-7685 is an ailment affecting the memory of infected humans. Infection culminates in periodic SCP-7685 events, which cause blood to be secreted from various orifices of human subjects, resulting in coinciding loss of memory relative to the intensity of the suffered hemorrhage. SCP-7685 primarily targets knowledge over personal memories and aspects of the subject's personality. While ejected blood may hold previously lost memories, the chances of recovery diminish as the contained information degrades through improper storage and the passage of time. 

Thus far no subjects have died as a result of an SCP-7685 event, although coinciding non-anomalous blood loss would prove fatal.

**Addendum SCP-7685-A: Discovery**

SCP-7685 was first discovered by Senior Researcher and Head of the Department of Anomalous Objects, Dr. Irvington.

Dr. Irvington's quality of work began rapidly declining over a period of a few weeks. At first believed to be steady cognitive decline related to his age.  Testing, however, affirmed no significant risk of cognitive impairment due to non-anomalous sources. 

In the midst of his weekly lecture regarding the safe handling of cognitohazardous anomalous objects, Dr. Irvington's ears began violently expelling blood. Emergency services were called, and the lecture was subsequently cancelled. In the midst of a blood transfusion, it was discovered that while Dr. Irvington forgot the events and contents of his lecture, he ascertained advanced knowledge on biomechanics, a field that Dr. Irvington has never studied. This newly found knowledge interfered with Dr. Irvington's focus during lecture. A query revealed that the blood donor was retired biomechanics professor Dr. Anstatt. Further transfusions were refused by Dr. Irvington. 

 

**Addendum SCP-7685-B: Lecture Hall Recording**

As a result of Dr. Irvington's continued decline in cognitive health, he was barred from holding future lectures for Junior Researchers. Dr. Irvington was permitted to continue his academic work together with his understudy, Dr. Mlodzinski, in private.

The following footage was obtained from Site-84 Wing-B "Irvington Lecture Hall". 

*Dr. Mlodzinski and Dr. Irvington are sitting in the vacant lecture hall. Barely legible scribbles adorn the blackboard.*

**Dr. Mlodzinski:** So, you're dying?

**Dr. Irvington:** Not yet, I'm afraid.

**Dr. Mlodzinski:** What do you mean? 

*Dr. Irvington gets up from his seat and wanders through the aisles, slowly striving towards the front of the hall. He stares intently at the chalkboard.*

**Dr. Irvington:** Do you remember when you first heard me speak here?

*Dr. Mlodzinski perks up before reaching for a ballpoint pen.*

**Dr. Mlodzinski:** How could I ever forget? You have no idea how relieved I was to see I hadn't been assigned Dr. Levíere. 

**Dr. Irvington:** Thousands of researchers like you began their journey right here.

*Dr. Irvington pounds his index finger on the lecture stand.*

**Dr. Irvington:** Including myself, though this hall was in desperate need of remodeling then. 

*Dr. Irvington suddenly winces before keeling over. Dr. Mlodzinski jumps up as blood pours out the nose and ears of Dr. Irvington. As Dr. Mlodzinski begins to rush over, Dr. Irvington waves him away.* 

**Dr. Irvington** I'm fine, sit.

*Dr. Mlodzinski continues approaching.*

**Dr. Irvington:** I said, "SIT". 

*Dr. Mlodzinski freezes while peeking at the puddle of blood amassing beneath Dr. Irvington's temple. Slowly, Dr. Irvington gathers himself, adjusts his labcoat and gets up in front of the stand again.*

**Dr. Irvington:** I don't need your help. I really wish this thing would take me out already.

**Dr. Mlodzinski:** You have no idea what your death would mean to this Site. 

*Dr. Mlodzinski points to the gold-plated sign reading "In honor of Dr. Irvington (1955)"*

**Dr. Mlodzinski:** They don't encrust people in gold who don't matter anymore, you know?

*Dr. Irvington glances over at the sign.*

**Dr. Irvington:** Do you know Dr. Blumhouse?  Dr. Blumhouse was former Department Head of Anomalous Objects prior to his decline and subsequent death. 

*Dr. Mlodzinski shakes his head.*

**Dr. Irvington:** Thought so. They don't keep people encrusted who've given all that was left to give, either. All I know is that I am afraid of what will be left of me. What people will think of when they hear the name Dr. Irvington. 

*Dr. Irvington looks back at the blackboard.*

**Dr. Irvington:** Christ. Can you read what that says? It's no wonder they don't want me teaching anymore. I'm losing myself by the day.

**Dr. Mlodzinski:** You could lose everything, and we'd still stream in here to listen. There isn't a future without your teachings.

**Dr. Irvington:** Yet you're the only one here, aren't you? 

*Dr. Irvington draws a small syringe before crouching down, siphoning a few drops of his blood. He stands himself up, looks at Dr. Mlodzinski and holds the syringe above his gaping jaw. Tiny droplets fall onto Dr. Irvington's tongue. His face sours as he swallows.*

**Dr. Irvington:** You know, I've run an endless marathon against myself for decades. Each leak in the brain was plugged right away. It kept me fresh and gave me the right to stand here before you, before all of those Juniors who had sat themselves here to learn from the great Dr. Irvington. And now... look around. You're the only one left to hear a dying man's words.

**Dr. Mlodzinski:** I promise you they will continue to carry your words into the future. Our studies are filled with books sporting your name. No matter what happens, I know I can continue to learn from you. Whether that may be from your teachings from 30 years ago or from you today.

**Dr. Irvington:** Even so, there won't be much left to learn from me anymore. I'm losing the right to face you from this end of the stand. And honestly, I'd rather be dead than know I have nothing left to give to you.

**Addendum SCP-7685-C: Incident Report**

Following further cognitive decline, it was ordered that all lectures and academic research of Dr. Irvington would be suspended indefinitely. Dr. Irvington was strongly encouraged to leave the Site and admit himself to extensive, life-prolonging medical care provided by Foundation subsidiaries. Dr. Irvington protested and announced a final lecture. However, only Dr. Mlodzinski arrived.

*Dr. Irvington sits at his ivory-accented desk, a small paper cup neatly placed near the edge. Dr. Mlodzinski sits cross-legged on the ground beneath Dr. Irvington. An etched out nameplate hangs loosely from the door.*

**Dr. Irvington:** I never thought it would come to this.

*Dr. Irvington draws a cigarette. Dr. Mlodzinski rushes to light it for him before retaking his seat on the floor.*

**Dr. Irvington:** I've dedicated my life to shining a light into the dark. And now they want to direct that light away and leave me in the shadow.

*Dr. Irvington takes a drag, sucking his teeth following a lengthy exhale.*

**Dr. Irvington:** And now they're practically babysitting me, making sure I take my medicine and that I rest when I can. It's a joke, really. I've been reduced to nothing. My whole career will be tainted because of the way I am going out. A decision that doesn't even lie in my hands. All that will be left of me are words printed in books. I am a literary footnote in your pursuit of higher education.

*Dr. Irvington swings himself up and takes a look around his office. Dr. Mlodzinski peers back up at him.*

**Dr. Irvington:** I don't want my legacy to erode like that. I was a pioneer, for Christ's sake.

*Dr. Irvington strides towards Dr. Mlodzinski, beginning to circle around him.*

**Dr. Irvington:** And you sit here now. All alone. Begging for a final insight, a parting gift of wisdom, before I fade away forever. 

*Dr. Mlodzinski immediately draws his notebook and ballpoint pen, readying the tip against the paper.*

**Dr. Irvington:** And luckily for you, I've got just the thing in mind to quench that thirst of yours.

*Dr. Irvington swipes the small paper cup from his desk. He turns it upside down, as a single dash of blood scurries down and stains the floorboards. He tosses Dr. Mlodzinski the now empty cup.*

**Dr. Irvington:** Please, Carmen. Don't let me die.

*Dr. Irvington draws a pistol and fatally shoots himself by the temple. Dr. Mlodzinski falls backwards while shrieking and screeching.*

*As Dr. Mlodzinski's heavy panting settles, he begins to stare into the crimson stains adorning the bottom of his paper cup. He begins to slowly crawl over, starting to lap up the blood sputtering out of Dr. Irvington's head.*

*Dr. Mlodzinski's face puckers as his lips suction onto the open wound.*

Dr. Mlodzinski's discovered method of recycling meaningful information from the infected is to be potentially amended to the Special Containment Procedures. As a result SCP-7685's effects are effectively mitigated. Promotion to Senior Researcher and Department Head based on newly acquired academic ability is being considered.

<< [SCP-7684](SCP-7684) | SCP-7685 | [SCP-7686](SCP-7686) >>
