**SCP-7818:** 

**Author:**  , , , 	

**Special Thanks to:**

**But most important of them all...**

**Special Thanks to:**  You!!! %%title%%, for reading our article. ^-^

|center=*]]

Hello, it is us!   , ,  and then blah blah blah we can write whatever here. Hope you enjoy all that jazz.

.authorlink-wrapper {

    --author-top-adjust: -0.5rem;

    --author-bottom-adjust: -0.35rem;

}

.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

the server has detected the systematic deletion of text in this article. Read with caution.  

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7818-A and SCP-7818-B are to be stored in a standard anomalous item storage locker at Site-81. Physical interaction with either instance by research staff who are involved in romantic affairs, or who have previously been involved in romantic affairs that have ended within thirty days prior to experimentation, is strictly prohibited. Further containment procedures have been deemed unnecessary at this time.

**Description:** SCP-7818 is the collective designation for two identical antique lockets composed of silver, further categorized as SCP-7818-A and SCP-7818-B. Each locket is embossed with an intricate design depicting interwoven vines and flowers in 14^^th^^ century European Gothic-era patterns. The lockets are heart-shaped and there is a small pocket within each intended to hold photographs.

When SCP-7818 is worn by an individual who shares a deep Referring to a profound and intense emotional bond between individuals involved in a romantic relationship. It implies a heightened level of intimacy, understanding, and affection, wherein the individuals feel a strong sense of connection, empathy, and mutual vulnerability and encompasses a profound emotional and psychological resonance between the partners involved. romantic connection with another individual who is wearing SCP-7818-B, SCP-7818’s anomalous effect manifests. 

SCP-7818 drastically enhances the physical and mental affection, intimacy, and emotional resonance between the individuals under its anomalous effect, causing an intensified romantic experience between them. Wearing SCP-7818-A and SCP-7818-B for an extended period of time will invariably cause one of the affectedHenceforth referred to as SCP-7818-1 to slowly dissipate from baseline reality and conceptual spacetime. 

The intensity of this effect and the rate of dissipation is directly correlated to the emotional strength of the established bond between wearers; the stronger the emotional connection, the faster the dissipation. Initially, subtle signs of the erasure event manifest, such as affected individuals disappearing from photographs, before more notable effects manifest such as the individual's parents forgetting they concieved the affected.

The only aspect of the lost individual that remains unaffected by SCP-7818 is the content SCP-7818-A and SCP-7818-B. It is unclear why the content of SCP-7818-A or SCP-7818-B remain unaffected by SCP-7818. It is unclear what happens to individuals who are removed from baseline reality by SCP-7818. Efforts to locate these individuals have remained inconclusive.

Currently, the photograph contained within both SCP-7818-A and SCP-7818-B depicts Researcher Katherine Varga holding a female woman in a loving embrace. The identity of the second woman cannot be discerned, and Researcher Varga has no recollection of meeting or conversing with the woman in the photograph. 

---

The following was recovered from Katherine Varga’s apartment on May 

Dear ##transparent|ㅤㅤaㅤㅤ ㅤoㅤㅤㅤ##,

@@ @@

Since it’s our anniversary I figured I would get us something nice. You always said we should get matching lockets, so I thought this would be the perfect gift! I love you so much, so I figured the engraving on it was more than accurate. I already put the pictures in. 

@@ @@

Anyway, I’m really sorry I couldn’t give this to you in person. You know how work can be, especially when you get called in and can’t say no. But when I get back, you better believe I’ll make the best dinner for you ever. No spoilers, but you will absolutely die for it. 

@@ @@

Back soon,

Katherine Varga.

(P.S. I am totally wearing mine right now.)

---

**Video Log Transcript**

**Date and Time:** 2023-05-05T21:05:00-06:00

**Subjects**:##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##Fabricated, temporary alias provided by Researcher Katherina Varga for ease of communication and documentation. The individual's identity cannot be discerned at this time, as their face remains obscured for the majority of the footage., Katherine Varga

**Foreword** *The following transcript is taken from recovered security footage from Researcher Katherine Varga's residence during Incident 7818-1A, dated two weeks before the subsequent disappearance of an SCP-7818-1 instance from baseline reality. The aforementioned security footage has since been altered by the anomaly to exclude ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##, and is expected to degrade further.*

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Researcher ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn## and Researcher Katherine Varga's assigned quarters can be seen. ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn## is sitting on a sofa on her phone while Katherine Varga is pacing around the room. After several minutes, Katherine Varga sits down on the sofa.]*

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** Hey, babe.

**Katherine Varga:** *(Looking up from her cellphone)* Hmm? Yeah?

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** Have you seen my ID?

**Katherine Varga:** Huh?

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** What I said. Have you seen my ID? I can't find it.

**Katherine Varga:** It's not on your wallet?

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** If it was in my wallet I wouldn't be asking where it was. It's missing, and I'll need it I want to drink at the party tonight.

**Katherine Varga:** Wait, it's missing? Are you sure you didn't misplace it somewhere?

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** Misplaced it *where*, exactly? I never take it out of my wallet.

**Katherine Varga** Maybe someone actually stole it?

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** Did you?

**Katherine Varga:** *(Scoffs)* No?

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** That's the problem, if you didn't take it, then who did?

**Katherina Varga:** Probably just... fell out.

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** Right, but where? It could've fallen out anywhere. If we're lucky it was right here, but if not? Oh my god, my credit cards! If someone rummaged through my wallet they could've gotten my credit card info and with my ID... I need to cancel them as fast as possible and- crap! I don't have my ID! That's gonna make it even harder. I'm gonna have to wait in line even though my project is due the 5^^th^^ and- and-

 

**Katherine Varga:** (*She holds a finger to her lips.*) Shhh. Listen. It's *fine*.

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** No, it is NOT "FINE".

**Katherine Varga** You're panicking. (*She holds ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##'s face in her hands.*) Deep breaths, remember? Deep breaths. 

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** Yeah, I know it's just--

**Katherine Varga:** I know. Do you want a massage?

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** *(Sighing)* That'd be nice...

*Katherine Varga begins rubbing ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn## shoulders. Despite ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn## now facing the camera almost directly, her face remains obscured by a footage corruption procedurally destroying the pixels around her head.*

**Katherine Varga:** Feels nice doesn't it?

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** *(Looking down)* Yeah...

**Katherine Varga:** You're worrying too much. You should be getting ready to have a fun time alright? Don't worry about that stuff right now. When we get back, I'll look everywhere for it. And I'll fill out all the forms for all the cards if I just can't find it.

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** What about the-

**Katherine Varga:** Party? Come on ##transparent|Eㅤㅤㅤ##. I mean, why do you even need it? There's no way in hell they're going to mistake *you* for someone underage. 

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##** Right, but then- are *you* calling *me* old?

**Katherine Varga:** Pfft, me? Oh, no, not at all. I would never suggest such a thing. But hey, if you're worried about being mistaken for an ancient relic, we can always bring along some dinosaurs fossils so-

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:**So that I'm not the oldest thing in the room?

**Katherine Varga:** So that you're not the oldest thing in the room.

##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##: *(Chuckling)* Come on Kate, you know I still get carded sometimes, believe it or not. And I need that ID to prove that I'm not as old as you make me out to be. By the way, between the two of us, I'm younger.

**Katherine Varga:**: Yeah younger than wheel, right? Just barely though.

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##:** Oh, fuck you.

**Katherine Varga** LOVE YOU TOO!

##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##: Love you too.

[END LOG]

**Video Log Transcript**

**Date and Time:** 2023-05-06T01:17:00-06:00

**Subjects**: Katherine Varga, ##transparent|Emㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##

**Foreword** *The following transcript is an amendment to 7818-1A, and occurs roughly 4 hours after 7818-1.1. The footage was taken from recovered security footage from Researcher Katherine Varga's residence during Incident 7818-1B*

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Researcher ##transparent|Emㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ## unlocks the apartment door, and slams it, visibly upset. Researcher Katherine Varga lets out a surprised yelp from the bedroom before rushing into the living room. She can be seen frantically observing her surroundings, pressumably to check for structual damage. When satisfied, Researcher Katherine Varga turns her attention to ##transparent|Emㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##*

**Katherine Varga:** Are you hurt? What’s wrong?

**##transparent|Emㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##:** *(Leaned against the door, and let out a sob before sliding down to the floor and putting her head in her hands.)* 

**Katherine Varga:** *(Face drops from panic to concern. She crouches down next to her.)* Babe… What happened?

**##transparent|Emㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##:** *(stays quiet for a few moments.)* Just a lot of things. They didn’t have my name on the list. It was just gone?! I was told I was going to get in, my friends said they would have my name on the list, and when I tried calling but nobody picked up. I know they could have been partying but they had said they would meet outside…

**Katherine Varga:** Oh… *(gently rubbing ##transparent|Emㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##’s back)* I’m so sorry ##transparent|Emㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##. That hurts a lot. Is there anything I can do for you?

**##transparent|Emㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##:** *(Shakes her head)* I think I just need some sleep. This feels like some elaborate shitty prank. I’m scared I’m actually losing it, you know?

**Katherine Varga:** Yeah. I know. If it makes you feel any better, you look very very beautiful. *(She kisses ##transparent|Emㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##’s cheek.)* What if we got some ice cream and watched a bit of Parks and Rec before bed? 

**##transparent|Emㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##:** I would like that a lot. Thank you… 

[END LOG]

---

---

### Holly <3

Hey, I'm here. where r u?

?

I'm here waiting. Did something happen?

I'm sorry, who is this?

It's me, ##transparent|ㅤㅤmㅤ Hㅤwㅤㅤoㅤㅤ##. Is your phone glitching out or something?

Sorry, I think you have the wrong number

Do I?

...

No, you made me doubt for a moment but I'm sure this is the right one. 

You ARE Holly, right? 

Yeah... that's me.

What are you on about then?? You were supposed to meet me today at 12

I don't think I'm the Holly you're looking for.

Holly Mitchell, birthday: May 8th. That's you no?

It is. Do I know you? I'm sorry I just can't quite place  you. 

???????????

We see each other all the time

We saw each other last week

Holly I really hope this is some kind of sick joke

Because it's really not funny anymore.

No, I'm very sorry to disappoint.

Please seriously stop you're starting to freak me out

Holly?

Please don't do this

I'm Sorry. Have a nice day.

Holly. Seriously. It's not funny. Stop it.

...

please...

---

**Video Log Transcript**

**Date and Time:** 2023-05-11T04:23:00-06:00

**Subjects**: Katherine Varga, ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤa ㅤaㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##

**Foreword:**  *The following transcript is taken from recovered security footage from Researcher Katherine Varga's residence during Incident 7818-1C, dated one week before the subsequent disappearance of an SCP-7818-1 instance from baseline reality. The aforementioned security footage has since been altered by the anomaly to exclude ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤn##, and is expected to degrade further.*

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Katherine Varga:** *(Enters the apartment, immediately making her way towards her bedroom. Once she enters, she finds ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤa ㅤaㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##, who was currently sobbing, on the bed, wrapped in a blanket.  She ran towards the bed, throwing her arms around ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤa ㅤaㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##.)* Babe oh my gosh! Did something else happen?

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤa ㅤaㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##:** *(Looks at Katherine.)* Yes! Yes again! I was supposed to meet up with Holly today, she didn't show up! I texted her and she acted as if she actually responded, but then acted as if she didn't know me! I have no *idea* what is happening, Katie!

**Katherine Varga:** Shhhh. It's okay. Calm down. I'm sure it's nothing-

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤa ㅤaㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##:** NOTHING!? This is *not* nothing! It's like everyone is forgetting me! Like I don't even exist!

**Katherine Varga:** Like you don't even exist? Em do you have any idea how crazy that sounds?

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤa ㅤaㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##:** It's not crazy! It's completely real! 

**Katherine Varga:** (*grabbing her phone*) I'm sure we can talk to Holly about this...

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤa ㅤaㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##:** What's the point? Clearly, she doesn't want anything to do with me... It seems like no one does.

**Katherine Varga:** Ohh darling, I'm sure that's not true-

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤa ㅤaㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ##:** YES IT IS! You should've seen the text messages!

**Katherine Varga:** I can look at them if you want, but maybe I can message her. We'll get to the bottom of this.

---

### Holly (##transparent|ㅤmㅤa##)

What in the ever-living hell is wrong with you??

What'd I do now?

Oh, but you remember me just fine, huh? ##transparent|Eㅤmㅤ##. A few hours ago.

Ah, You know her?

Ah... DO I KNOW HER? She's my partner and you well know it.

Oh really? Since when?

We met through her, you jerk.

I'm sorry but that makes no sense

You make no sense

GO. TO. HELL.

Excuse me??

Kate?

---

**Katherine Varga** (*sighing*) That didn't go very well.

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤwthㅤrㅤ##:** (*starting to tear up*) See! I told you! Oh-Oh my god. I can't believe this! First, my ID, then my name wasn't on the list, and now this? Katie this is *not* random. We have to figure out what's going here- are you even paying attention to me?

**Katherine Varga:** *(Katherine's attention had shifted from ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤwthㅤrㅤ## to the wall. A shocked and concerned expression was on her face.)* Okay so babe don't freak out but... you're not in that picture.

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤwthㅤrㅤ##:** Huh? What do you mean?

**Katherine Varga:** The one from our trip to LA. I-I *know* you were in it. You're right. Something is deeply, deeply wrong. I’m sorry… 

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤwthㅤrㅤ##:** Oh my god! *(Leans against Katherine)* This can't be happening.

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤwthㅤrㅤ##:** *(starts hyperventilating.)*  What… What if you forget me too? Just like them. What if I forget who I am? Please Katie. I’m so scared. Katie I can’t do this. I don’t want to be forgotten.

**Katherine Varga:** *(Embracing ##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤwthㅤrㅤ##, starting to cry herself)* It's okay! I will never ever ever forget you, Em. You know this. I love you so much, I swear on my mother's grave. I’ll do anything… I-I'll file a report at work. They'll take care of it. They'll fix it! They always do! Everything will be okay. 

**##transparent|ㅤㅤㅤㅤ ㅤㅤwthㅤrㅤ##:** *(Sniffles)* You promise?

**Katherine Varga:** *(nods)* I promise. I’ll never forget. 

[END LOG]

**Audio Transcript**

**Date and Time:** 2023-05-12T02:43-02:55

**Subjects**: ##transparent| m a H  th   ##

**Foreword:** The following is a transcript of a phone call retrieved from the phone carrier by MTF-Omega 24. ##transparent| m a H  th   ## calls her mother, Lindsey Hawthorn, for their regularly scheduled family phone call. 

---

**##transparent| m a H  th   ##:** Hey mom!

**Lindsey Hawthorn:** Hello? Who’s this?

**##transparent| m a H  th   ##:** Uh… It’s me… ##transparent| m a ##. I’m your daughter?

**Lindsey Hawthorn:** Is this a scam? I heard those have been going around these days. 

**##transparent| m a H  th   ##:** N-no. This is real. I promise you I’m your real life daughter. 

**Lindsey Hawthorn:** I think I would know if I had a daughter. Ma’am you clearly have the wrong number.

**##transparent| m a H  th   ##:** No wait. Please. I have a baby brother, Peter Hawthorn, Born April 6th 2001, I was born July 12th 1998. Our childhood home was 3400 Worthington Drive, Pflugerville Texas. Peter and I went to Riverview Elementary School, Oak Park Junior High, and Maple Ridge High School. Please. Mom. You *need* to believe me. 

**Lindsey Hawthorn:** How the fuck did you know that? I know for a fact I never had a daughter. I only have one son. You need to leave me and my family alone. Never contact me again. I will call the police and press charges. 

**##transparent| m a H  th   ##:** Mo-

[END LOG]

---

**Addendum 01:** ##transparent|Eㅤㅤa##disappeared. I fell asleep right next to her right last night. This morning, I woke up and she was gone. Nowhere to be found. Phoned her parents, and called everyone that I knew she was close with. The photos on my phone, they've all disappeared, her phone number wasn't assigned. I looked everywhere for any leads; Nothing, she was gone without a trace. I updated the description of the anomaly accordingly to reflect this. I will get to the bottom of this if it's the last thing I ever do.

---

**Audio Transcript**

**Date and Time:** 2023-05-23T06:35:00-06:00

**Subjects**: Katherine Varga.

**Foreword:** The following is a transcript of a missing persons report filed by Researcher Katherine Varga and intercepted by MTF-Omega 24. 

---

**Katherine Varga:** Hello?

**Jason Taieo:** Hello, this is the Austin Police Department, what can I help you with today?

**Katherine Varga:** I-I’m calling to submit a missing person. 

**Jason Taieo:** Has it been over 24 hours since you have last seen them?

**Katherine Varga:** No… But I know it doesn’t have to be. I know the rules. Please, I need to report her missing. Her name is ##transparent|Eㅤmㅤ ㅤㅤwㅤhㅤrn##, she’s 5 foot 2 inches, shoulder length brown hair, and blue eyes. She’s 28 years old, and white. She has a pink jacket that she wears often and it’s not in my house anymore…

**Jason Taieo:** Do you have any photos of her?   

**Katherine Varga:** I don’t anymore. She disappeared from all of the photos just like she disappeared this morning. I mean I have this locket but I can’t. I can’t part with it. 

**Jason Taieo:** Okay. Is there any chance she’s at work? 

**Katherine Varga:** No. Her number disappeared from my phone and then when I call her number I got an automated voice saying the number is no longer in service… She doesn’t work anymore… She couldn’t. 

**Jason Taieo:** Alright. I am going to send this off and have a unit go to you. Where do you live? 

**Katherine Varga:** 272 Thrash Trail, Apartment 404. Thank you.

**Jason Taieo:** Is there anything else you need? 

**Katherine Varga:** No…

[END LOG]

---

**Closing Statement:** The case was thrown out by the Austin Police Department shortly after the call, as there was no evidence or records on ##transparent|Eㅤmㅤ ㅤㅤwㅤhㅤrn## and her existence. APD followed up with a wellness check on Katherine Varga, but it ultimately ended with no further action taken. Case was closed on May 25th 2023. 

---

**Addendum 02:** When I updated the file with the pertinent information, I apparently raised some eyebrows at RAISA. They don't remember me ever having a partner, much less one that worked for the foundation, and the people who knew I had filed the document said they hadn't ever read it. I really had to fight for them to take me seriously. They're suggesting that she never existed, that I made her up in my mind, via anomalous means or otherwise, but that cannot be true. This document is the only proof of her so I need to maintain it to the best of my ability. I've dedicated my life to her, she dedicated her life to me, I promised I would always be by her side, that I would always be there for her, and that I wouldn't forget.

---

**Addendum 03:** It’s just now I was looking at the file, and all mentions of her name had disappeared and I had to replace them like I had before. That's when I realized, I had forgotten her name. I don't remember any party. What party? What is happening!? This cannot be happening. I'm trying everything I can, I'm her last hope. I promised I would fix this, she means everything. I can't forget there has to be something I can do. I can fix this, I can do this. I will get her back.

---

**Addendum 03:** My locket still has her picture in it. Those stupid lockets we got like a month ago symbolize our love. Hers, the ones with my picture in it, are gone. Every other picture of her disappeared without a trace, but the other side with her picture on it is in my hand right now. I already updated the file to reflect this. This is huge, I finally have a lead. This could be it. This could be why my darling is gone. What...whatever her name was. Please please don't let me forget now. There's no one else, everyone has forgotten, I am so close, I can't give up now, I can't forget. I promised.

---

**Video Log Transcript**

**Date and Time:** 2023-05-20T09:45:00-06:00

**Subjects**: Katherine Varga.

**Foreword** *The following transcript is an amendment to 7818. The footage was taken from recovered security footage from Researcher Katherine Varga's office post previous addenda..*

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Researcher Katherine Varga is staring at the contents locket around her neck. Her eyebrows furrowed.]*

**Katherine Varga:** I’m sorry babe. 

*(She breaks down, sobbing. Staring at the woman in the locket.)*

**Katherine Varga:** I know I promised you that I wouldn’t forget… 

*(She pauses taking a deep breath.)*

**Katherine Varga:** But… I guess it really does come for us all… I’m so so sorry. 

**Katherine Varga:** If you’re still out there. Please forgive me. I don’t even know your name anymore, but please, babe, please forgive me. 

*(She closes the locket, holding it in her hands clasped together, putting them up to her face as though she were praying.)*

**Katherine Varga:** I’m sorry babe… Please come back.

[END LOG]

*(Researcher Katherine Varga then spent approximately four hours staring at the wall and at the picture in the locket. Site psychiatric staff has been contacted on behalf of Katherine Varga, case is currently pending review.)*

---

<< [SCP-7817](SCP-7817) | SCP-7818 | [SCP-7819](SCP-7819) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Locket

> **Name:** Romantic

> **Author:** SidewaysSarah

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/97699489@N00/5298834356/
