.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** No procedures are necessary. 

**Description:** SCP-7062 is the collective designation for an anomaly relating to poet and former Foundation researcher Layla Becker. SCP-7062-A was an ink jar full of dried blood belonging to Dr. Becker. SCP-7062-B was Dr. Becker’s heart, functioning with no irregularities despite being completely disconnected from her body.

**Discovery:** SCP-7062 was discovered post-neutralization on 08/09/1998 when Dr. Becker was found expired on her desk. After a standard sweep of her apartment, SCP-7062-A and SCP-7062-B were discovered on a personal desk, alongside several poems written in blood. A coroner's report found that the heart had suffered rapid takotsubo cardiomyopathyA condition where the heart’s left ventricle becomes loosened as a result of stress, resulting in the expiration of the researcher. Along with Dr. Becker’s corpse, a note in standard ink was found on the desk. A direct transcription can be found below.

Here I sit alone

Everything is cold and dark

Still waiting for you to phone

You were my spark

Now tears stream down my face

Your beauty reminded me of a dove

I see shadows in your place

Now I know the pain that comes with love

Characters became increasingly illegible near the end of the note. Additionally, the final letters of the note were obscured due to the presence of lacrimal fluid.

<< [SCP-7061](SCP-7061) | SCP-7062 | [SCP-7063](SCP-7063) >>

=====

Critters: , ,  , , , , , , , , and 

=====
