:root {

    --header-title: "SCP Foundation";

    --header-subtitle: "Anomalous Entity Engagement Division";

    ~~logo-image: url(" http://scpdsandbox.wikidot.com/local~~files/depcon/AEEDLogoWhite.png");

    --diagonal-stripes: linear-gradient(transparent, transparent, transparent) !important;

}

.logo-image {background-color: #ff69b4; border: solid 5px #000000; border-radius: 50%; width: 40%; padding: 10px;}

.section {border: solid 2px #ff69b4; padding: 1px 15px; border-right: 0px; margin: 20px -7.5px 20px 20px;}

.section-header {padding: 0px 5px 0px 5px; margin-top: -17.6px;  width: fit-content; background-color: #FAFAFA;}

.section-content {margin-top: -10px;}

 

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Aquatic Site-757

Terry Numen

Meg Mako

N/A

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Instances of SCP-7538 are confined within a standard containment unit under the purview of the [Anomalous Entity Engagement Division (AEED).](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/anomalous-entity-engagement-division-hub) Assigned personnel are allowed to interact with said specimens on a bi-weekly basis in various recreational activities. Those outside the SCP-7538 management team may also participate with permission from the Research Head.

**Description:** SCP-7538 designates a group of sentient stuffed selachians colloquially referred to as 'Blåhaj', manufactured by the Swedish company IKEA.

Specimens of SCP-7538 are capable of levitation, travelling through the air in a matter comparable to swimming in the ocean. Despite bearing a resemblance to typical blue sharks, SCP-7538's behavior are similar to that of domesticated canines, being fairly docile and able to understand simple instructions.

---

**Addendum:** Recording Log

On the 9^^th^^ of November, 2021, an unauthorized package was delivered to Site-757 before being taken in by Dr. Mako and brought to SCP-7538's  cell. Due to this, Senior Researcher Anthony Clips was sent in to investigate the matter.

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*Clips enters the containment chamber while fixated on a clipboard he has in hand.*

**Clips:** Good afternoon, Ms. Mako. Director Numen had sent me here to inspect a certain matter involving a recent package that arrived on-site. Apparently, I was told you would know about it so —

*He looks up and sees Mako, who is staring back at him while taping a boxing glove to the tip of an SCP-7538 instance's nose with duct tape. Her mouth is agape and her eyes are widened as Clips accidentally drops his clipboard. There is a brief moment of silence.*

*A number of other specimens are also equipped with boxing gloves. He kneels down and picks up his clipboard.*

**Clips:** What are you doing?

*Mako glances away from Clips before looking back.*

**Mako:** What does it look like I'm doing?

**Clips:** It looks like you're attaching boxing gloves to your pet sharks.

**Mako:** Well, you'd be right, my good man. Thanks for the observation!

*Clips clicks his pen repeatedly and sighs.*

**Clips:** I'm reporting you to the higher ups.

**Mako:** Wait, wait, wait —

*Mako scrambles to Clips, almost tripping while doing so.*

**Mako:** I can assure you that I have a very reasonable explanation behind… *(gestures)* all this. It makes a lot of sense once you hear me out.

**Clips:** I'm sorry but I doubt there's anything reasonable about *that.*

*Clips points to two SCP-7538 instances bumping into each other using the boxing gloves. She turns to them and lets out a chuckle.*

**Mako:** It's cute, isn't it?

**Clips:** That's… besides the point.

**Mako:** Eh, you were considering it for a moment.

**Clips:** No, I wasn't.

**Mako:** Are you *shore?* Laying playful punches on your new fishy friends. You'd be down for that, right?

**Clips:** No, I wouldn't. That's ridiculous.

*Mako turns back.*

**Mako:** Look, Clippy —

**Clips:** Don't call me "Clippy".

**Mako:** — *Clips,* right. This is all just a misunderstanding. I mean, I’m only trying to expand on our recreational activities. Creating more games we can play together, you know?

**Clips:** And you jumped to… *boxing gloves?*

**Mako:** This is just an experiment!

**Clips:** This is a glorified show-and-tell at an elementary school.

**Mako:** Good g*reef*, Clips. You're hurting the poor souls. Look at them.

*Two SCP-7538 instances are chasing one another. Clips raises his eyebrow.*

**Clips:** You're hurting the site's budget.

**Mako:** No, I'm not. This is from my own paycheck, honest.

**Clips:** Then you're hurting your own budget. I'm leaving.

*Mako rushes to the entrance, blocking him.*

**Mako:** I'm afraid I can't let you go, Clips.

**Clips:** Step away, Ms. Mako. You're being highly unprofessional.

**Mako:** No. I'm sorry, but you leave me no choice. *(Raises her voice)* Finions!

*All SCP-7538 specimens faces Mako and Clips.*

**Clips:** What the f —

**Mako:** *ATTACK!*

*Mako shoves Clips to the ground as the SCP-7538 instances approach him, proceeding to surround and punch him all over his body again and again.*

**Mako:** That's right. Come on, boys. Punch him in the gut!

**Clips:** Hey, stop! Get off of me!

**Mako:** What's wrong, Clips? Don't you *sea* how much fun they're having?

**Clips:** Mako, for the love of — *ow!*

*Clips shields himself from the specimens with his clipboard.*

**Mako:** I'm sure it can also improve staff morale. Very entertaining, very fun. It's a jawsome idea, don't you agree?

**Clips:** *Ow!* — As if.

**Mako:** Aw, you're such a gilljoy.

**Clips:** Mako, can you please stop this whole fiasc — *ow!* — STOP THAT!

*The SCP-7538 instances stop and hesitate for a moment before continuing.*

**Mako:** No, I still need more data. Just keep 'em occupied for a little longer, okay?

**Clips:** Ugh…

*The next few minutes consist of Clips being constantly hit by the SCP-7538 instances, occasionally but unsuccessfully attempting to wave them off with his arm. Mako then calls them off, causing the specimens to fly elsewhere and interact with each other again.*

*Clips remains in a fetal position as Mako kneels down, staring at his face. He ignores her and turns to the ground.*

**Mako:** So, *water* your thoughts? What'd you think?

*Pause.*

**Clips:** …I think I hate you.

*Another pause. Mako grins.*

**Mako:** *(Inhales)* Worth it.

**[FIN. LOG]**

Dr. Mako was later reprimanded for this behavior. The boxing gloves were also confiscated and removed from facility grounds.

@@ @@

@@ @@

cmon clips

i said i was sorry

No, Mako. You should consider this a warning for such childish conduct. Even if your department handles matters concerning the morale of anomalies, I did not consent to being endlessly punched by shark toys stuck with boxing gloves.

Apology unaccepted.

okay, yeah, that was unfair. i shouldve given u the chance to fight back

What?

what did u do with the gloves anyway?

Like we said, they were disposed of.

no dont lie

i saw that glimmer in ur eyes back there

theres no need to be so uptide, u know

I'm not lying.

Stop with the puns.

And stop acting like you know what you're saying.

look, me and the other management staff r planning to have an all out fight with our sharks. twice as many boxing gloves, twice as many punches, twice as fun

i know u said we shouldnt slack off like that but theres nothing wrong with loosening up every once in a while

besides, we can just write it off as standard protocol. im sure its fine

Please, I have no reason to play around with you lot.

clips, its a simple yes or no question

u wanna come with or not?

…

Okay, fine.

The gloves are in my closet.

cool, sea u next week

~~~~

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

<< [SCP-7537](SCP-7537) | SCP-7538 | [SCP-7539](SCP-7539) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Sharkie

> **Name:** IKEA shark friend

> **Author:** brownpau 

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/44124483743@N01/45138283654)

=====
