[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en

|page=component:info-ayers

|authorPage= https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/trouts-authorpage

|comments=

> Snakes in the grass beneath your feet

> Rain in the clouds above

> Some moments last forever

> [*https://youtu.be/aoO0AHwM010 Some flare out with Love, Love, Love.]

( Love Love Love - The Mountain Goats )

SCP-7973 - Abnormalization]]

div#extra-div-1,div#extra-div-2{display:none;}

]

| **Umbra:** Item directly affects the manifestation of anomalous phenomena. |
| --- |
| **Erloschen:** May cause great shifts in reality. However, due to altered conditions of the veil, these effects are considered normal. |
---

### {{**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES** }}

---

At present, SCP-7973 remains uncontainable, and it is unlikely that containment will ever be feasible. Until a comprehensive understanding of SCP-7973 is achieved, ongoing efforts to normalize anomalous phenomena should continue until further notice.

---

### {{**DESCRIPTION** }}

---

SCP-7973 is characterized by a systematic reduction in the manifestation of anomalous phenomena. This phenomenon is observed following the complete dissolution of the Veil, a metaphysical barrier that conceals and separates the anomalous from the mundane.

The decline of anomalous phenomena is not limited to the Foundation's jurisdiction but extends globally, potentially further. Reports from other organizations and independent researchers in the anomalous community corroborate this trend. Verified data suggests that SCP-7973 is affecting all known anomalies, regardless of their origin or nature.

Initial theories suggest that the destruction of the Veil disrupted the underlying metaphysical mechanisms responsible for the sustained existence of anomalous entities. It is hypothesized that the Veil acted as a stabilizing force, maintaining the balance between the anomalous and the non-anomalous. With its removal, anomalous phenomena appear to be returning to a state of equilibrium, aligning with the natural laws governing the universe.

SCP-7973 only affects anomalies discovered or occurring after the Veil is dissipated, as anomalies documented before SCP-7973 remain unaffected. The reasoning behind this is currently unknown. Current models predict the prevalence of new anomalous phenomena will cease entirely by the year 2071.

In order to better understand SCP-7973, and the anomalous at large, Foundation dispatched Doctor Tiana Mark Rosanne to conduct a series of interviews with several anomalous researchers/related personnel. These interviews aimed to acquire additional insights into the nature of anomalies. The following logs contain the transcriptions of said interviews, accompanied by relevant contextual details.

> **Interviewed:** Dr. Gears

> @@ @@

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Rosanne

> @@ @@

> **Foreword:** The following interview was conducted a few weeks after the Veil was dissolved, with SCP-7973 being only theoretical at the time. Due to Dr. Gears being the current lead researcher for new anomalous phenomena, he specifically was chosen.

> @@ @@

> **<Begin Log>**

> @@ @@

> ***Dr. Rosanne walks into the room. She waves over at Dr. Gears, before sitting in front of him.***

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Afternoon, Gears! Don't look a day over thirty!

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Gears:** Who are you?

> @@ @@

> ***Dr. Rosanne stands silently, before resuming.***

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Tiana Mark Rosanne? Doctor, interviewer...

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Gears:** Apologies, you look different than I heard.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** No worries! So, anyhow, you're wondering why I dragged you out here—

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Gears:** No, in fact, I think I know exactly why. Heard something about statistics being off.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** The statistics, yeah? Just need to say a few things for the file, hope you don't mind.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Gears:** Go ahead.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Well—The guys at the statistics department were having... not the best time, if you can believe it. They were studying the number of anomalies that happened every week, as usual, and you'd expect it to just... Massively jump, right? 'Cause the Veil is gone now.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Gears:** Did it not?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Not at all! It started to decrease. Not by much, mind you, but the top minds all agreed that its a roughly 0.005% decrease than normal. Granted, four weeks is often not enough data, but they've been going through that stuff for years and never has it went down consistently!

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Gears:** Hm, I see.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Well, I just have an important question. What do you consider "anomalous"?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Gears:** Well, to put it simply, I define an anomaly as anything that deviates from our current understanding of the natural world and defies the laws of physics or known scientific principles. Granted, the natural world is surely changing, but I think it still makes sense.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Alright, got that jotted down. Do you think anomalies are inherently dangerous?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Gears:** No. Anomalies can certainly pose risks and threats, especially if they are uncontained or poorly understood. However, anomalies themselves are not inherently good or evil, they're simply anomalous. I have seen anomalies both capable of helping and harming the Foundation.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Makes sense to me. If this "SCP-7973" does exist, do you think it means anything big?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Gears:** It's impossible to say without more data. But in my opinion, it could signify a more troubling issue, such as a fundamental shift in the fabric of reality, although that is just a theory.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** I see—Once we got more information, I'll try to remind you! Although you're leagues above me, so you might know.

> @@ @@

> ***Dr. Gears nods.***

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Gears:** Understood.

> @@ @@

> **<End Log>**

In the subsequent weeks following the interview, SCP-7973's influence has exhibited a noticeable escalation. Over a period of seven months, only the subsequent categories of anomalies have been identified:

* 16 instances of humanoid anomalies

* 24 occurrences of anomalous wildlife

* 38 instances of anomalous items

* 41 recorded anomalous events

* 12 designated anomalous locations

* 2 occurrences of anomalies capable of causing a K-Class "End Of the World" Scenario

Due to the dramatic decrease in anomalies, several groups of interest were interviewed in order to understand SCP-7973 further. Certain groups such as Gamers Against Weed and the Church of the Broken God were observed to continue their operations in an unchanged manner. Although most interviews yielded no notable information, the Global Occult Coalition have reported a similar number in decreased anomalies. Below is an interview with Undersecretary General D. C. Al Fine.

> **Interviewed:** D. C. Al Fine

> @@ @@

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Rosanne

> @@ @@

> **<Begin Log>**

> @@ @@

> ***Dr. Rosanne opens the door and walks into the room. D. C. Al Fine scoffs.***

> @@ @@

> **Al Fine:** You know, for something so important, the Foundation should've sent more than one person. I was expecting a meeting with the O5's, that's what Seven told me.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Sorry, they're busy right now, miss. I'm Dr. Rosanne, it's nice to meet you. I've just got a few questions to ask, it won't take long.

> @@ @@

> **Al Fine:** If this is anything that isn't about another North Korea happening, then I couldn't care less.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Well, it's about anomalies. In short; they're starting to just... stop appearing.

> @@ @@

> **Al Fine:** Yeah, we realized that. Initially we thought you were just getting a hand of them first, but seeing your worry, I'm guessing there's more to this?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** We... Don't know.

> @@ @@

> **Al Fine:** Son of a bitch...

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** But! But we have some leads, which is why I'm here. Before anything, I need to ask. What do you consider anomalous?

> @@ @@

> **Al Fine:** Typically? Threats. We've seen dozens of them that can end up ending the world, tons that have sent tens of people to their graves. We've seen the library end the world before, so we absolutely know how dangerous they can be!

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Yes, while that is true, they're not *all* dangerous. Like, random example... there's this big ball of slime, makes people happy! So they're not all—

> @@ @@

> **Al Fine:** I'm going to have to cut you off right there. Granted, there are a few anomalies that help. Hell, we got plenty of them. But the truth is, the majority of them are dangerous and deadly. It's astounding that the number has decreased, but maybe it's for the better.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** For the better? I wouldn't say that, like... for every deadly anomaly that no longer exists, there has to be another that could help us, right?

> @@ @@

> **Al Fine:** First, you never use the good ones for the sake of the people, so that shouldn't be your worry. And second, less anomalies means the Foundation doesn't have to employ as many people. For every murder monster, that's at least fifty people that work for something else.

> @@ @@

> ***Dr. Rosanne is silent.***

> @@ @@

> **Al Fine:** See? Whatever is causing this... anomapocalypse, it doesn't matter. It's better in the end.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** I'll be ending this interview.

> @@ @@

> **Al Fine:** It's the truth, sorry to burst your bubble.

> @@ @@

> **<End Log>**

> @@ @@

> **Note:** Dr. Rosanne was disciplined for her unprofessional behavior.

Further statistic reports imply a significant downward trend for new anomalies. Contrary to the earlier projection of anomalies persisting until the year 2071, Foundation analysts now anticipate this occurrence to transpire within a considerably shorter time frame, potentially within the next decade. Over the past year, only 3 instances of anomalous humanoids have been documented. In an effort to further understand SCP-7973, Dr. Rosanne has submitted a formal request for an interview with a humanoid anomaly currently under Foundation custody.

> **Interviewed:** [SCP-049](SCP-049)

> @@ @@

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Rosanne

> @@ @@

> **Foreword:** SCP-049 was situated behind a wall of glass in order to avoid accidental or intentional contact. Dr. Rosanne communicated to SCP-049 through a microphone.

> @@ @@

> **<Begin Log>**

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Good morning, sir.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-049:** Sir?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-049:** No need for the formalities, please.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Okie dokie. So, I'm guessing you heard the news about the Veil being broke?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-049:** The veil?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Oh yeah, in captivity, sorry! Basically, everybody knows about the anomalous, and people like you! Unfortunately we still need to keep you contained, touch of death and all that... but that's some more interaction, maybe.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-049:** Interesting, I knew something felt... off. There was a lot of indistinct chatter about Korea, maybe some time I could visit? Bless them with my cure?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Yeah, sure—Anyways! I do have a few things to say, but the main one is your opinion on the anomalous. What do you consider "anomalous"?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-049:** Ah, an intriguing question indeed. Don't think anyone has bothered to ask. Well, my fellow doctor, I consider the anomalous to be that which eludes your feeble comprehension. It is the essence of fear, the embodiment of the unknown. And I must say, I relish in it.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Well, yes, but like... The dark *is* the unknown, but we don't try and contain darkness.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-049:** Ah, but darkness holds its own secrets, doesn't it? You fear the unknown lurking within the shadows. It is not the mere absence of light that sends shivers down your spine; it is the possibility that something watches you, that something sinister stirs in the depths.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** I guess you're right. If that's the case, what we do understand can all be explained, there's reasoning behind all of it. But for you, no offense, your death-touch isn't anything we can put together with science.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-049:** Believe me, Dr. Rosanne, I am well aware of the limitations of your scientific endeavors. But let me ask you this: Would a caveman try to contain fire? Would a peasant attempt to harness electricity, keeping it hidden from the prying eyes of the masses? You may not grasp my true nature yet, but there is far more to me than meets the eye.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** So, there's aspects of things that transcend our perspective of science? Since we see things we don't know and we're all too quick to think its a threat?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-049:** Precisely, doctor. There are forces and phenomena in this world that exist beyond the feeble boundaries of conventional knowledge. Just because we cannot fathom or control them with our limited understanding does not render them purposeless or devoid of meaning.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Makes enough sense. Maybe some day, you can finally walk again... I do feel sorry for you sometimes.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-049:** Don't be burdened by sympathy, doctor. I am a patient being, and solitude holds its own peculiar charm, wouldn't you agree?

SCP-7973 has continued to progress. SCP-7973 is believed to reach equilibrium within ~~1 year~~ ~~2 months.~~ 4 days.

A final interview was conducted with O5-13.

> **Interviewed:** O5-13

> @@ @@

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Rosanne

> @@ @@

> **<Begin Log>**

> @@ @@

> ***Dr. Rosanne shifts around in her seat, looking down at her clipboard.***

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Guess it's over?

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** Hm?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** SCP-7973, it's uh... too late, no more anomalies? No more new anomalies—

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** I don't necessarily agree on that, Tiana.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** But sir, we've been tracking this for years! It—

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** Please don't call me sir, I dislike the formalities.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Okay, sorry! Thirteen, is that fine?

> @@ @@

> ***O5-13 nods. He reaches into his pockets and pulls out a packet of cigarettes. He puts one in his mouth, then lights it with a lighter. He offers one to Dr. Rosanne.***

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** No thank you.

> @@ @@

> ***He nods.***

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** Say, Rosanne? What do you consider anomalous?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Me? I'm typically the one asking! But—I'm not sure. There's several times where I thought something was much more than it really was, I was terrified when I was younger on what I didn't understand. So... that's why I'm here. Not sure. What about you?

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** Nothing. I don't really consider anything anomalous at this point. I've been a council member for fifty years, and I've surely changed. Being forced to work with a talking computer ever since I was in my early 20s might've been responsible for that.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Really?

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** Mhm. Do you know how many SCPs were formerly some great big anomaly, before we got out heads out of out asses and realized otherwise?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Fifteen? Twenty-two?

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** [More than forty.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-ex ) Some are ridiculous, looking back on it. Ever heard of [Temporary Secretary?](SCP-2011-EX )?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Yeah, pretty weird, although I kind of like it. Is it anomalous?

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** No. Not at all. Four thought it was, though. He convinced quite a few of us. I've heard hours of anomalous music, thought it was something more. Turns out it just sucks.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Alright, but that's just one example, there can't be—

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** [Furred Trout](SCP-2600-EX ), [Awesome Points](SCP-7000-EX ), [Slot Goblins](SCP-7525 ), [Lightning targeting people](SCP-7166 )—do I need to continue?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** What exactly are you trying to say?

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** SCP-7973 does not exist.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** It doesn't? But—That's not true, all the evidence—

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** I can name at least twenty new anomalous humanoids that directly contradict your evidence. The foundation hasn't done anything to contain them, since the Veil broke. We didn't catalogue them, because we simply didn't need to. Say, do you know what SCP-001 is?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** I can't say I have, no.

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** [It was simply a sheet of paper that described what normalcy is. ](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/wjs-proposal ) Changed it a lot, removed and added things, but recently, I shredded it.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** You did what? But—

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** Don't get your panties in a twist! I got everyone's consent before doing that. We decided it wasn't needed, since there really aren't any anomalies, is there?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** I guess you're right—but one thing is bugging me. Now what?

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** We do what we must. I'll tell the team to update the file, take a break. That's an order.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Rosanne:** Alright, sir-

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** Just call me thirteen, please.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>View revised file?</summary>

**Special Containment Procedures:** N/A

**Description:** SCP-7973-EX refers to the inherent concept of normalcy and the subjective perception of it by individuals within society. The phenomenon encompasses the collective understanding and societal consensus on what is considered typical, ordinary, or expected in various aspects of life.

Because of this, SCP-7973-EX is subject to change.

:root {

    --one-color: 5, 124, 252;

    --five-color: 252, 5, 50;

}

.anchor {

    position: sticky;

    height:0;

    top: 0;

}

.sidebox {

    padding: .14rem;

    margin-top: 0;

    margin-bottom: 8px;

    width: calc((100vw - 870px)/2);

    max-height: calc(100vh - 18rem);

    position: absolute;

    top: 0;

    left: 103.5%;

    z-index: 5;

    overflow: auto;

    box-sizing: border-box;

}

@media (max-width: 1290px) {

    .sidebox {

        display: none;

        visibility: hidden;

    }

}

</details>

<< [SCP-7972](SCP-7972) | SCP-7973 | [SCP-7974](SCP-7974) >>

=====

> **Filename:** DrGears.png

> **Name:**  Old man with stubbly beard

> **Author:** kohlmann.sascha

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/skohlmann/8845981467/)

> **Filename:** AlFine.png

> **Name:** Black woman with women's suit 2

> **Author:** Daniela_oliiver-637925

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=49816805)

> **Filename:** ohfournine.png

> **Name:** Medico peste.jpg

> **Author:** Juan Antonio Ruiz Rivas

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Medico_peste.jpg)

> **Filename:** OFive.png

> **Name:** Old Man in Long Cheng, Laos

> **Author:** grjenkin

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/40732566413@N01/100153189)

=====
