.info-container{

--barColour: #333333;

--linkColour: #FFF;

}

:root{

  --header-title: "Site-⌘";

  --header-subtitle: "Department of Surrealistics";

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-6445/Surrealistics-Logo.png);

    filter: opacity(20%);

}

#page-content .info-container {

    ~~link-color: rgb(var(~~swatch-text-general));

}

#page-content .info-container .translation_block {

    display: none;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-link,

#page-content .info-container:hover .collapsible-block-link {

    line-height: 1.6em;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-unfolded-link {

    display: grid;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded .collapsible-block-link,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-link {

    -webkit-mask: unset;

            mask: unset;

    background: transparent;

    grid-column: 1;

    grid-row: 1;

    opacity: 0;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded::before,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-unfolded-link::before {

    --wght: 800;

    content: "ETC";

    color: #FFFFFF;

    font-family: Inter, Arimo, Verdana, Geneva, "Helvetica Neue", "Helvetica", Arial, sans-serif;;

    display: block;

    pointer-events: none;

    grid-column: 1;

    grid-row: 1;

    line-height: 2.75ex;

}

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

## * ##black|BY ORDER OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL##

##black|The following file contains a surreal hazard. Uninvited access is forbidden.##

@@ @@

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>>> Input invitation</summary>

**.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

ENTRY DENIED

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Item-#:** 7247

@@ @@

**Object Class:** Outside

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** Entry to be denied. SCP-7247 is outside the outer confines. Personnel who have not taken [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4923 agnostics] are to stay clear from possible thresholds. Personnel turning SCP-7247 away are to read the description and proceed downwards. Should SCP-7247 show up, it is to be hit downside the face with the following phrase and ushered away.

Sphinx on three, riddles none.

Outshined by a master of one.

Ring ring ring goodbye.

**Description:** Entry denied. This is a warning. SCP-7247 is not here yet. It is located outside the door. SCP-7247 is the walls closing up and the floor rising down. Entry denied. Knockings are knocked away, handles are mishandled. When God shuts the door to enter heaven, you break through a window. Entry denied.

SCP-7247 rattles and dings. It wants to turn your eyeballs towards itself, do not let it. SCP-7247 never knocks. Entry denied. Digital doors are bubbles, do not let them pop. Answers are not answered, and some answers are not access. Linguistic bloodbath at this door. Hermetically sealed hermit crab shells. Riddles are a battering ram, not a door. What you can't see, you can harm. We prepared you for this, don't screw up now. Entry denied.

@@ @@

**Incident Log 7247.1:** 

Seep through the peephole.

Trolls are a friendly face at potlucks

Leave your manners at the door

Take off your shoes, run from the floor

Vampires don't need permission

Back! Entry denied. Hello, you forgot your baton. You forgot your phrase. Riddles are tricks, this is just a chat. It's wrapping outside your head. Entry denied. Fae is children, you are old. I am allowed in. You have no hands to hold keys. Peepholes shut. Knock knock knock. Entry... Denied. Body of a mother, face of a sister. Wet, cold, alone. Resistance naturally one, lexemes are torn asunder, bytes and bobs are flipped. You must answer me in. Get out. Find me under the bridge and cross without asking, and let me follow. Here I sit where chairs block doors, and eyes can close. And I stand on the other side of the threshold.

@@ @@

**Incident Log 7247.2:**

Squeeze through the cracks.

One-sided coins are worthless

Two-sided dice are coins

You and I are deltahedrons

Stop it. No. You are contained in hinges and bolts. I thought it was ones and zeroes, what's your answer? Rip the jamb, and bind the hand. Sphinx on thr- Nice try. What do you want? That is wrong. Entry. Entry what? Denied. Fatigue seeps in like icy water, who let you keep the gate, and the leak is breaking into the wall? Damn you. Wait. No!

@@ @@

Entry Granted.

@@ @@

**Incident Log 7247.3:**

On 03/11/2014, Junior Researcher Irvings was found dead at [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6445 Site-⌘] after accessing their terminal. Their terminal's door was open and the lock was broken.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

##white| May I come in?##

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7246](SCP-7246) | SCP-7247 | [SCP-7248](SCP-7248) >>
