⚠️ **Content warning:** This article describes sexual body parts and fluids.

**Item #:** SCP-7691

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** A security border with a radius of 2 kilometers is to be maintained around SCP-7691. Camp South-Maple is to be quarantined and eventually condemned under the guise of toxic leakage from a nearby sewage lagoon. SCP-7691 is to be drained yearly to maintain an approximate volume of 90,000 liters. A false explanation for the disappearance of POI-7691 is to be disseminated if local investigations persist.

**Description:** SCP-7691 is a dense pool of biological waste within the South-Maple campground in Illinois. Despite there being no apparent source, SCP-7691 is constantly increasing in volume at an approximate rate of 500 mililiters per hour. Included within SCP-7691 are samples of:

* Hair

* Mucus

* Dead skin cells

* Fingernails

* Toenails

* Teeth

* Blood

* Tears

* Vomit

* Pus

* Urine

* Feces

* Semen

* SmegmaShed skin cells and body oils from the genital area.

DNA tests using material from SCP-7691 are generally inconclusive. The tests that were successful identified Travis Grensdale (26 years old, male, hereafter known as POI-7691) as a genetic match. POI-7691 has been reported missing for several months. A kneeling humanoid figure has been detected at the bottom of SCP-7691 via infrared detection. 

**Item-7691's Discovery:** Shortly after SCP-7691's discovery, a phone (referred to as Item-7691) was observed to be floating within SCP-7691. Records confirm that Item-7691 previously belonged to POI-7691. So far, no other object of this nature has been discovered within SCP-7691.

Recovered data from Item-7691 revealed that POI-7691 had attempted six phone calls to the same number on 9/24/2023This is the date when POI-7691 was last seen., none of which were answered. The number connected to a cell phone that was eventually discovered within the lost and found of a Chicago hotel. While the number had been a contact on POI-7691's phone for several years, the discovered phone had only been activated 9 months prior. It is believed that the individual POI-7691 had been trying to contact had changed numbers since the last time they had communicated. The voicemail recordings have been transcribed below.

**Recording 1 (received 13:46, 9/24/2023):**

> **Aghem**

> 

> Um, h-hey Josh-

> 

> **Coughs**

> 

> **Away from phone** No, sorry.

> 

> **Hangs up** 

**Recording 2 (received 13:58, 9/24/2023):**

> Hey, how's it going? It's, uh, Travis. You remember me, right? I know it's been a while, but we used to talk a lot. I was just thinking about it. Do you ev- no, never mind. It was back in high school. It's been a while.

> 

> **Coughs** 

> 

> Remember that time I was talking about the road by my house? It wasn't a highway... well, it still isn't, but it's very, uh, busy anyway, so I was used to seeing roadkill out the car window. But one day it was nice outside, so I went for a walk, and I was walking, and I saw a dead raccoon on the road. Its stomach had ripped open, its guts bloomed out, cloud of bugs, this horrible shade of red, and it *stank*, it just stank, so I held my nose and kept my distance, but I-I couldn't stop looking, it was like- 

> 

> **Swallows** 

> 

> Y-you remember. I'm sure you do. The look on your face when I first told you, you probably remember better than I do. I'm sorry, I'm not a psycho, I swear. I'm-it's been ages, and here I am talking to you about a dead raccoon, I'd've hung up already if I were you. Y-you don't have to listen to this, I mean it.

> 

> I just... I need you to understand what I'm going through here. I need that.

> 

> **Spits**

> 

> My lips are so dry...

> 

> I was thinking about it-about the raccoon-on the way to the campground. I mean... so the place I work at hosts a few special events each year, and every autumn they rent out a campground for a few days. Everyone at the company is technically invited, but I, I don't usually go, it's mostly office people. B-but this year the only warehouse people who were going had uh... had a spot open in the car. 

> 

> I remember a few things they said during the ride. Bianca was swearing, saying how she "needs that overtime!" Uh, her voice is nasally, that's why I'm talking like that. Yeah, um, Mitch told Brian to pack extra pajamas, and Brian shoved him and laughed. Shaun didn't say much, he was driving, but I think I heard him talking about keeping the place cleaner than we found it.

> 

> We headed over straight after work, so the sun was setting when we got there. We had a fire pit reserved for us next to the woods, so we lit it up once we'd gotten the tents up and sat round it. Team building, I guess. There were four of us-well, five, me too. 

> 

> We mostly just talked about nothing. *They* talked about nothing. Brian had brought up some of the newer employees, Bianca calling them lazy, Shaun shrugging. Both wished that Sheila could have come, which... yeah. I'm glad she didn't. Not that I don't like her, it's just... complicated. Anyway Mitch, uh.. Mitch showed me his phone. On the screen were three women in bikinis. He asked me "Which one would you do?" I felt so awkward, I couldn't answer him, because you, because I, uh, ugh- 

> 

> **Sneezes, sniffles**

> 

> At that moment the smoke from the fire blew into both of our faces. My eyes were watering, and I... I had to get away. I heard Bianca asking Mitch what he was showing me, and he just coughed and laughed and coughed.

> 

> I don't know, I just kept going, and I ended up at the edge of the woods. And then I saw something in the distance. It was either that or go back to the fire. Shaun told me to be careful, at least.

> 

> It was horrible and overgrown, but as I got closer but I realized I was looking at an old outhouse. *Really* old, wooden and rotted, carpet of moss on the walls, barred from the outside. It obviously hadn't been used for years, the managers of the campground must never have bothered to tear it down. I couldn't imagine what I'd see if I opened it. Not that it would be anything... I mean it's not like I was scared of opening it... I stared at it for a while, but it's... it's not like there'd be anything inside... 

> 

> **Clicking sounds**

> 

> **Hangs up** 

**Recording 3 (received 14:34, 9/24/2023):**

> Hi, it's, uh, me. Y'know, Travis. Sorry I hung up on you. Well, not *on* you, just I-I-I just needed a minute. Y'know. Sometimes you do.

> 

> **Exhales, rubbing sounds**

> 

> God, I'm tired. Been tired for a while. Not sleeping. I didn't- 

> 

> **Gags** 

> 

> I didn't sleep well that night. I was sharing a tent with Mitch, and by the time I came back he'd gone to bed. I smelled something off as soon as I got in, just thought it was the tent being old, so I just... tried to go to sleep.

> 

> I think I was still awake after, like, an hour, maybe more. You'd've thought marching around the woods all night would be enough to wipe me out, but I just... couldn't. The smell was just getting stronger, I-I couldn't ignore it. Eventually I sat up and looked around. Nothing besides the two of us and our camping gear inside, and when I poked my head out it was gone.

> 

> It was when I turned back that I took a closer look at Mitch, sleeping without covers on. He had an electric lantern, so I turned it on low. It wasn't much, so I had to lean closer and... You know when you wake up in the morning and there's a little bit of crust in the corner of your eye? I could see something like that on Mitch's face, but the crust was the size of... I dunno, a cockroach or something. He'd stained his pillow from drool, too, and I wondered if that was where the smell was coming from. I mean, I suppose it was, like, bad breath in hindsight, maybe Mitch doesn't brush his teeth.

> 

> I was worried something was wrong with him, like an infection I had as a kid. It was horrible, I'd wake up with so much dried pus on my eyelids I couldn't open them. That's not, uh, anyway, I thought about waking him up before he rolled over onto his side. I leaned back to get out of his face, right before he let out a grunt, and I could see a... a stain in his pants.

> 

> It was weird, I was just... embarrassed for him. Standing over him, stinking like a sewer, just... lying there. In, uh, in himself. I looked at his face again and decided, he wasn't in any danger, he could clean himself up in the morning, I couldn't just wake him up for nothing, and make him see-well, imagine him being there, being like that, and then seeing me, seeing him, like... that. I can't imagine, like, if I'd been him, and you'd been me, and you were standing there, just sort of... taking me in. I don't know him that well Josh, I-I-I couldn't think about touching him. I know *you* would've sat on him until he got up and cleaned up but I... I'm not you Josh.

> 

> S-so, uh, I lay back down and pulled my sleeping bag over my head to block the smell. What else could I do, Josh? It wasn't my problem, it... ugh my damn-

> 

> **Groans, rubbing sounds**

> 

> **Hangs up** 

**Recording 4 (received 15:13, 9/24/2023):**

> Hey, Josh. Me again. You probably guessed that, there probably aren't many people leaving you voicemails these days. I thought, I thought, maybe you'd... I don't know if you're listening to all this. You might have already hung up and I'd never know. That's...

> 

> **Coughs, wheezes**

> 

> Urgh... That's okay. That's your choice, it's up to you. I'll understand.

> 

> I woke up the next morning with a headache, and scratched my arm. Mitch had already gone, but the smell was still there, but not as bad. While I changed I stepped on his pillow by mistake, and it was soaked through. 

> 

> **Sniffles**

> 

> It wasn't 'til I left the tent I realized I must have gotten poison ivy from the woods last night, because my forearm was burning. I wanted to... I know you're not supposed to but I *really* wanted to scratch it. To just dig my nails in and just rip it out, clean free. I didn't though, of course I didn't. I resisted. I mean it's not that bad either way or-*Ow* 

> 

> **Scratching sounds**

> 

> Shaun had brought a bag of toiletries with all kinds of supplies, but I didn't know where it was, and there was no-one around I could ask, I mean no-one I felt *comfortable* asking because it's, you know, I mean...

> 

> Anyway I went to the shower house, figured some cold water would give me some relief. As I got close, a man with a nice watch and wet hair came out of the building. He was clean, he'd obviously just cleaned up, but he smelled absolutely *awful*. How could someone who looked so clean smell so, just, *ugh-* 

> 

> **Retches**

> 

> B-b-but behind him was Shaun, who must have been showering too since he had his bag with him. I mean his hair couldn't have been wet since he was bald... Both looked at me, they looked worried, but when I gestured to my arm and explained, Shaun unzipped a pocket on his bag straight away, and the two guys gave each other a smile and a nod before the other guy walked off. I think he was an executive or something

> 

> As I applied Shaun's anti-itch cream he asked "Finally up, huh?" And I nodded. He asked if I'd had something to eat and mentioned the brunch might still be going on. I told him I'd rather wait until my arm feels better. Then he asked if I was ready for the cornhole competition. I told him I'd rather not go. And then he asked "Travis, you didn't come up here just to sit in your tent all day, did you?"

> 

> I- 

> 

> **Swallows** 

> 

> I didn't have an answer.

> 

> He carried on, "Well, it's up to you after all, but-" and went on to tell me honestly that if I wanted to move up in the company I just had to socialize more, and called me a hard worker and well-spoken, and it felt nice that he was worried and was talking to me, but when I handed him back his anti-itch cream I finally noticed how hairy he was. Out of the sleeves of his button-up shirt and the legs of his jeans, so much hair from his arms and shins, and as he gripped the tube a few strands brushed against my palm and wrist, Josh it was... it was so *greasy.* 

> 

> Thankfully Shaun didn't seem to notice anything was up, because at that moment Bianca came around the corner and called his name. She and Brian, he was right behind her, they were looking at me, they were staring, so I tried to pull myself together and gestured to my rash. Bianca mumbled "Jesus" and went back to looking at Shaun again, Brian nodded and carried on to his tent, I don't know what for. Bianca, clicking her nails, said "I know you were wondering about Sheila, so I wanted to tell you I got a call from her. She told me that-"

> 

> Over his shoulder...

> 

> **Clicking sounds** 

> 

> Brian shouted "I think you mean *it.*"

> 

> Bianca waved her arm at him, sneered. Right after that she sneezed, only barely covered her mouth. Shaun laughed, either at Bianca or with Brian, not sure, I could only see the dead skin on his dry lips, and Brian *really* laughed, in the way I'd always liked, but with spittle flying from the back of his throat, I swear to God I could feel it hit me in the face, then one of his teeth tumbled out of his mouth, Bianca wiping mucus and blood that was dripping from her nose and I was smelling and feeling all of this and everything was *wrong* and I had to get to the bathroom and lock the stall door without looking back.

> 

> **Spits**

> 

> Bianca called after me. "You sure you're alright?" I even heard Brian shout "If you want a ride home I can give you one, dude." I shouted that I hadn't gone since the day before. Which was true. Whenever I had the small urge I held it in. I didn't even want them to, like, *see* me slip into the bathroom. There was something embarrassing about it. I can't even stand urinals, it always splashes and drips. I mean I didn't have a real urge right then anyway so-

> 

> **Sighs**

> 

> I can hear you Josh. Just-they're good people. They *are.* You don't know what they've done for me. I can't *hate* them like you would. What do you want me to do, punch them? Lecture them? Is that what you want? Just shut up, you were always so-I can't, there's no- I-*agh-*

> 

> **Sounds of excretion** 

> 

> **Sobs**

> 

> **Hangs up** 

**Recording 5 (received 16:29, 9/24/2023):**

> I'm sorry Josh. I'm sorry. Not just for blowing up on my last call, but... well... you remember that party right? You know, the... 

> 

> It was the end of summer before senior year. I only showed up since that was- since that night I couldn't stand to be alone, but I ran out of things to say straight away and I hated, just *hated,* just standing there in the crowd like that. So I ran off to hide in the bathroom like usual and you, you... were using it. I remember you laughed. I remember we talked for a while like that, away from the crowd. 

> 

> We spent time together every lunch period senior year, and I'm happy for every second of that, every second you got me out of church, but... I'm sorry, I shouldn't have barged in like that. Whenever I think of you I think of looking like an idiot. I can't go back and *fix* it. I wish I could beat it out of myself.

> 

> **Sounds of rubbing**

> 

> You need to remember you're absolutely perfect. There's nothing wrong with you. Not like these people. You're right about them. Or would be, I mean. They're... *disgusting.* I kept dwelling on you around the campfire that second night. I had to distract myself from the way Brian's vomit had completely covered his beard, how it leaked from his naval. Bianca's sneezing *cracking* her face open as her nose exploded, hanging off in pieces, a slimy red patch on her face. The hair of Shaun's eyebrows and eyelashes hanging so low it almost brushed the fire. Mitch with dribble and cum coating his legs, down to his socks. Everyone laughing. Everyone having fun. How were they having fun? You wouldn't have stood for it. You'd've walked right in there, flipping tables, telling everyone where to go. Not me though. I just sat there, listening to Bianca still clicking her nails... I didn't realize how much that had been irritating me until she stopped doing it.

> 

> She wasn't sitting next to me any more. I turned around. Her nails were long enough to scrape the ground, there was grit under every single one of them. She'd gone towards the clearing, and it was so dark I could barely see her, but I could still make out her lighter, just an orange dot in the nothingness. Behind me I heard someone say "I hear she's made it down to less than a pack a day." And someone else said "The first step to solving a problem..." As she came back I could see her still playing with her nails and... and one by one they broke off.

> 

> By the time she sat back down her nails were all short and clean. She said "I'm sorry, I know I'm not supposed to on the trip," and Shaun said "It's alright, just don't do it again. I can hold the pack if you want," and Mitch and Brian looked at each other like they, like they *cared,* which seemed so... I never expected them to...

> 

> I looked at the nails on the ground and wondered what had changed. I just... .

> 

> **Clicking sounds**

> 

> I don't *get* it, I... 

> 

> **Sniffles**

> 

> **Hangs up** 

**Recording 6 (received 17:08, 9/24/2023):**

> Hi.

> 

> When I woke up this morning, I realized I had shit myself in my sleeping bag. It was strange, because Mitch had suggested sleeping outside. It was going to be a perfect night. But my sleeping bag, my feces, and the ground around me was wet, so it must have rained out.

> 

> I laid there until I heard a whistle. I lifted my head and saw everyone was almost done loading up the car. Brian was trying to get me up so I could join them. As I changed I could see that everyone had cleaned up in preparation to leave. They all had gotten in and were waiting for me. But I wasn't coming. I walked up and I said "I'm going to walk home."

> 

> Everyone stared at me. It was a half-hour drive, but it was a three hour walk. Bianca and Mitch were shocked, so I told them it was a nice day out. Plus, it was a Sunday. I could take as much time as I wanted. I don't know what I would've said if neither of these things were true.

> 

> They kept asking "Are you sure?" over and over again, all of them, in a thousand different ways, and I kept saying "Yes, yes, I'm sure, I'm sure." They didn't stop until Brian insisted on taking my suitcase and sleeping bag back. It's been a nice day, but it's windy, so my sleeping bag had dried by then. It wouldn't stain anythingPOI-7691's coworkers noticed his feces a short time after they had left due to the odor. This is the only abnormal event they reported occurring during their trip.. Bianca reached out the window and patted me on the shoulder. Mitch said "Stay safe." And they left. I didn't want to be trapped in the car with the smell.

> 

> **Swallows**

> 

> I was planning on going home, I really was, but I stood there for a while. In front of me was the shower house in the clearing, and behind me was the old outhouse. Far behind me, the forest between us, but I swear I could *feel* it. And I had a very weird image burst into my head. Of pushing through the poisonous plants and sharp branches again, opening the door, and seeing a dark red rose growing out from the toilet. And I was scared that if I went through that trouble there'd be *nothing.* No chance of growth. I feel sick. I don't even have the energy to stand. I've tried to go to sleep on the ground, but all I can do is keep my eyes closed.

> 

> I miss you, Josh.

> 

> I'm sure you don't feel the same. You stopped listening after the first words out of my mouth the other day, I know you did, you must have higher standards anyway, but I can still feel you right over my shoulder, hear you shout at anyone who shoved you in the hallway, but I never spoke up for you, just as I didn't for Sheila. I hate hearing these things, hate touching them, but I can't do anything, Josh, I can't, I'm not *you*, I just look the other way, and maybe it won't happen again, and I know it's disgusting, and you'd be sick of me, but... we *all* do it right? W-we all have this shit inside of us, it's not just me, it's all of us, not you, of course, but you're perfect. These things don't *exist* in you, they never come out, not like these fu... no, I'm holding it in.

> 

> It's people. I love people. I swear, God, please, I don't *want* to be alone, there's nothing wrong with that, there's nothing wrong with... oh, God I can't *see!*

> 

> **Sound of branches snapping, footsteps, heavy breathing, coughing, retching, grunts of pain.**

> 

> **Connection Lost**

<< [SCP-7690](SCP-7690) | SCP-7691 | [SCP-7692](SCP-7692) >>
