**Item #:** SCP-7476

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7476 is contained within a standard safe-class SCP item locker. The cap of SCP-7476 must not be removed, and if it is removed, personnel must not look inside. If the inside of SCP-7476's container is viewed, it is recommended that on-site personnel check all of their opaque containers by emptying them without looking inside. If SCP-7476 is discovered through this method, it is to be returned to its locker, and its previous container may be disposed of.

**Description:** SCP-7476 is an unobservable phenomenon that can affect one container at a time, causing the container to have an infinite supply of its contents until the inside is observed in any way. Upon observation of the container's interior, all of its contents will disappear, completely emptying the container. At the same time, SCP-7476's effects will transfer to a different container. No evidence of SCP-7476's presence remains with a container after SCP-7476 leaves it. Currently, SCP-7476 is affecting a green 750 mL bottle of women's shampoo, but it has affected several other containers prior (see list below).

Due to SCP-7476's unobservable nature, it can only affect opaque containers. The only way to confirm SCP-7476's presence within a container (without transferring SCP-7476 to another container) is to begin emptying it; if more contents than could realistically fit inside the container are observed, it can be deduced that SCP-7476 is present. The largest container SCP-7476 has affected had a volume of 7 liters, and the smallest container had a volume of 0.5 mL. It is unknown if SCP-7476 can affect containers of volumes outside of these bounds, but it is possible that it has, just without notice.

As it is difficult to determine SCP-7476's new container after a transfer has occurred, it is recommended to all Foundation staff that important substances/items be contained in clear containers if possible, so that SCP-7476 may not affect (and subsequently deplete) those substances/items in the case that it affects those containers.

The following methods of observing SCP-7476 are confirmed to be ineffective, and will initiate SCP-7476's transfer:

* Viewing the container's inside with the naked eye or mirrors

* Weighing the container to determine the contents by their weight

* Candling the container to view the silhouette of the contents 

* Feeling the contents through the lid without looking inside 

* Photographing or videoing the inside

* Utilizing soundwaves, light rays, and x-rays to image the contents (including CT scans and MRIs)

* Shaking the container over and over (typical rattling made by handling the container does not initiate SCP-7476's transfer)

* Melting, dissolving, or otherwise breaking open the container

* Any and all variants of the above actions, including those performed by animals or pre-programmed machines

When comparing the weights of a container affected by SCP-7476 and an identical container of the same product, SCP-7476's container will feel around the same weight as the unaffected container (but when measured with any type of weighing device, SCP-7476 will empty its container and transfer its effects to a different container).

SCP-7476 was initially discovered during a routine restocking of the bathroom soap dispensers within the site. The janitor in charge of the restocking noted that he had not restocked one of the dispensers in months. The janitor claimed that he never checked the inside of the soap dispenser because "peeking would ruin it". (It is unlikely that this feeling is a result of SCP-7476 and is rather a natural human inclination). Upon observation of the inside, the dispenser was completely empty, despite producing a normal quantity of soap (with no evidence of it being close to empty) prior. After several more instances, SCP-7476's presence was confirmed.

After its initial discovery, SCP-7476 has only affected containers within this site. Tests to determine its origin have been indefinitely postponed due to a lack of urgency.

**Addendum 7476-1:** 
<details>
<summary>+ Show list of confirmed instances of SCP-7476</summary>

The following is a list of confirmed instances of SCP-7476 followed by the number occurrences (left blank for singular instances). The majority of instances transferred SCP-7476 upon discovery, and other instances were followed by testing to determine what forms of observation cause SCP-7476 to change containers (see Addendum 7476-1).

Additionally, it is highly likely that SCP-7476 has affected everyday containers without notice. It can be assumed that SCP-7476 has affected many containers prior to its initial discovery. 

> Water bottle (x12)

> Bathroom soap dispenser (x7)

> Bathroom hand sanitizer dispenser (x3)

> Bottle of hand sanitizer (x3)

> Bottle of women's shampoo (x2)

> Daily vitamin supplement bottle (x2)

> Bottle of nasal spray (x2)

> Package of individually sealed snack cakes (x2)

> Package of individually sealed salads

> Bottle of iodine solution

> Bottle of hydrogen peroxide

> Jar of human urine

> 1 L bottle of soda

> Vial of human blood 

> Urn containing the ashes of Dr. Aartsma's mother

> Pants pocket

> Pen ink chamber

> Car windshield wiper fluid reservoir 

> Dr. Aartsma's bladder

> Dr. Aartsma's salivary glands

</details>

**Addendum 7476-2:**
<details>
<summary>+ Show experiment logs</summary>

**Note:** Tests to observe SCP-7476 have been omitted due to their repeated results. 

| Test purpose | Procedure | Result and Conclusions |
| --- | --- | --- |
| < To determine SCP-7476's range of transfer. | < A discovered instance of SCP-7476 affecting a bottle of soap was taken to a desolate area. No containers were present in a 5 mile radius. SCP-7476 was then opened and the inside was observed by Dr. Aartsma (the researcher assigned to SCP-7476). | < SCP-7476 transferred to the ink chamber of a pen in Dr. Aartsma's pocket. |
| < To determine SCP-7476's range of transfer. | < Immediately after the previous test, Dr. Aartsma observed the ink chamber of his pen. | < SCP-7476 transferred to Dr. Aartsma's pant pocket which contained specks of gravel. |
| To determine SCP-7476's range of transfer. | Immediately after the previous test, Dr. Aartsma observed the inside of his pocket. | SCP-7476 transferred to the windshield wiper fluid of the car Dr. Aartsma drove to the deserted area, which was two miles away. It can be concluded that SCP-7476 prioritizes transfer to close-by containers, explaining its continued presence at Site-XX. |
| To determine the source of SCP-7476's "infinite supply". | A discovered instance of SCP-7476 affecting a bottle of hand sanitizer was brought to the same desolate area as the previous tests. Bottles of the same brand of hand sanitizer were placed on the ground at mile intervals for a total of five miles. SCP-7476's bottle was opened and tipped upside-down so that the hand sanitizer would flow out without the inside of the bottle being observed. Hand sanitizer was allowed to flow out for 30 minutes before the bottle was closed. | All bottles of hand sanitizer provided for the test remained completely full. It is possible that SCP-7476 obtains its "infinite supply" from a far-away location. |
| To deliberately transfer SCP-7476 to a jar of high-nutrient food bars, taking advantage of its properties to produce food supplies. | A discovered instance of SCP-7476 affecting a bathroom soap dispenser was taken to the same desolate area as the previous tests. An opaque jar of high-nutrient food bars was placed next to SCP-7476's soap dispenser, the inside of which was then observed by Dr. Aartsma. | SCP-7476 transferred to Dr. Aartsma's bladder, causing him severe pain and constant urination until a CT scan of his bladder area was taken, transferring SCP-7476 to a nearby jar of Dr. Aartsma's urine (taken as a sample prior to the CT scan). |
| To deliberately transfer SCP-7476 to a jar of high-nutrient food bars, taking advantage of its properties to produce food supplies. | The same procedure as the previous test was performed, except a remote control robot equipped with live video cameras was used to observe SCP-7476. | SCP-7476 transferred to Dr. Aartsma's (who was positioned 5 miles away) salivary glands, causing him to salivate uncontrollably until he observed the inside of his mouth with a mirror (transferring SCP-7476 to a water bottle). It is possible that SCP-7476 prefers to transfer to things that have a high likelihood of being noticed by humans. |
| To transfer SCP-7476 from Dr. Aartsma's favorite water bottle. | Dr. Aartsma haphazardly viewed the inside of his water bottle (potentially out of exasperation with SCP-7476's behavior). | SCP-7476's new container could not be found. After two weeks, Dr. Aartsma accidentally discovered that SCP-7476 had transferred to an urn of his mother's ashes kept in his office. After observation, SCP-7476 transferred to a bottle of women's shampoo. It is possible that SCP-7476 has a sort of deliberate nature when transferring to another container. |
</details>

<< [SCP-7475](SCP-7475) | SCP-7476 | [SCP-7477](SCP-7477) >>
