=====

=====

**[More by this Author](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-dafydd-s-personnel-file)**

**Item #:** SCP-7849

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The town of Marshlake, Washington, has been placed under surveillance until further information about SCP-7849 is uncovered. Two agents are to be stationed in an observation post ~~within the town~~ outside the town boundaries. Any unusual activity outside of SCP-7849 is to be noted.

If SCP-7849 occurs, affected subjects and witnesses are to be isolated and questioned before being administered Class-A amnestics. All attempts to investigate SCP-7849 outside Foundation jurisdiction are to be discouraged, and all recordings are to be deleted and/or blocked. In the event activities resembling Incident 7849-07 are noted, on-site personnel are to alert the Foundation.

**Description:** SCP-7849 is a recurring anomaly which first started on August 13th, 2019. As of recording, a total of eight cases of SCP-7849 have occurred. Currently, SCP-7849 has occurred exclusively around the town of Marshlake, Washington, and occurs on an irregular basis. The mechanism by which SCP-7849 occurs is unclear and under investigation.

Until Incident 7849-07, all SCP-7849 events followed the same format. In the event, a citizen/s, known as the subject, will faint. A few seconds later, they'll regain consciousness and stand back up, facing directly in front of them and gesturing in an orante posture A posture with the elbows close to the sides of the body and with the hands outstretched sideways, palms up. . In this state, the subject becomes immovable, remaining fixed within the local environment, with all their bodily functions pausing. Approximately 30 seconds into SCP-7849, a female voice, around 100 dB, will emanate from the subject's mouth, announcing the words *"This is a test. It is only a test"*, followed by an accelerated dial tone. Approximately 20 seconds after this, SCP-7849 will end, and the subject will regain their consciousness and locomotion.

According to follow-up interviews and analysis, the subjects recall nothing happening to them during SCP-7849, nor will they exhibit any anomalous alterations.

What follows is an abridged list of SCP-7849 instances.

| Date | Subject/s | Details |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 13/08/2019 | 1 | First recorded incident. The subject was attending a book club meeting at the local library when SCP-7849 occurred. Due to the age bracket of the attendees and the few witnesses to the event, both the subject and witnesses dismissed the event out of fear or confusion. |
| 26/08/2019 | 1 | Subject was in the town square during the event. Numerous witnesses were able to film the event and the subject's performance. Subsequent uploads to the internet alerted Foundation web-crawlers, who deployed agents soon after. Follow-up interviews led to the discovery of the first event and eventual designation. |
| 04/09/2019 | 1 | Subject, a local dentist, was performing a routine checkup on a patient when the event occurred. |
| 09/09/2019 | 1 | Subject, a child, was attending class when the event occurred. A sunburn was found to have develop on their chest and left shoulder, despite not being outside during subjection. Medical examination found no anomalous issues. |
| 14/09/2019 | 1 | In part of the Foundation's research, a temporary evacuation of Marshlake was put in place. 3 days after the event, an SCP-7849 event occurred to an evacuee in a nearby hotel. Citizens were returned the next day. |
| 29/09/2019 | 3 | Subjects were bowling when the event occurred. First recorded case of multiple individuals. During their interview, two of the subjects noted a persistent buzzing occurring before SCP-7849 occurred, thought further interviews and systems analysis failed to find a source. |
| 30/09/2019 | 7 | 5 of the subjects were located in the northern area of the town, whilst 2 were located in the east. Notably, the group of 2 were subjected 20 seconds after the group of 5 were. During interviews, the group of 2 complained of experiencing static shock before SCP-7849 occurred. |
| 07/10/2019 | 466 | See Incident 7849-07 |
**Addendum 7849.1: Incident 7849-07**

On October 7th, 2019, all individuals within Marshlake, including all visiting individuals and on-site Foundation staff, were subject to SCP-7849. However, during this instance, no female voice was emitted. Instead, 10 seconds into entering stasis, a dial tone, followed by a series of repeating beeps, sounded, before a male voice announced, *"Brace. Brace. Activation imminent. Target is located."* 15 seconds after, all subjects' mouths opened and began emitting a sound, similar to those produced by civil defence sirens, at 140 dB. This continued for approximately 58 seconds before all subjects ceased, after which, the male voice announced, *"Deactivate. Target is disconnected. Deactivate. Threat neutralized. Deactivate."* A dial tone sounded, and the event ended. The event caused a total of 3 fatalities due to environmental factors, and several pieces of property received minor to moderate damage due to the force produced by the sound.

Following the incident, the subjects, including the Foundation personnel, were quarantined within the town, and all nearby sites were placed on high alert. However, after 72 hours, no new anomalous activities were detected, and no conditional changes in any registered SCPs or known GoI anomalies were identified. During interviews, subjects were not able to recall their experience during the incident, although all those who'd previously been subjected to SCP-7849 were able to recall a brief sensation of warmth and luminosity after being released from its effects. 37 of the subjects also possessed minor to moderate sunburn on their bodies which had not existed prior to the incident, with 25 of these burns being located in area that were clothed. 

Since the incident, no further cases of SCP-7849 have been recorded within Marshlake.
