:root{

     --accentColor: hsl(44, 100%, 77%);

     --accentColorLite: hsla(44, 100%, 87%, .5);

     --hue: 44deg;

}

@@ @@

SCP-7148

**Item #:** SCP-7148

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Various oases are to be established and sustained around the Fertile Crescent, with provisions of food and water for stranded persons to deter manifestations of SCP-7148. Recording instruments like video cameras, microphones, Akiva radiation trackers, thermometers, etc., are set up therein to track and monitor SCP-7148. Its presence in the desert is to be explained through dissemination of Cover Story 6F3 ("Religious Pilgrim"). 

All instances of SCP-7148-F offered by SCP-7148 are to be confiscated and, if cleared of anomalous traits, distributed.

**Description:** SCP-7148 is a Levantine human male covered in scars roaming in a 5 kilometer radius around and within the Negev Desert. It speaks in an unknown dialect of the Hebrew language. Despite this, when a person is spoken to directly by SCP-7148, they comprehend its words as if spoken to in their native language. 

When a person suffering from dehydration or starvation comes into contact with SCP-7148, they are given a supply of goat's milk stored in a leather pouch given separately together with a tiny seed-shaped white substance wrapped in leather and sinew (hereby referred to as SCP-7148-FH and -FM). SCP-7148 will offer a trade for any object, prioritizing plant seeds and fresh soil, in exchange for SCP-7148-FH and -FM. Refusal of the offer has no consequences and will still lead to SCP-7148 giving out SCP-7148-FH and -FM.

Carbon dating of SCP-7148-FH and -FM reveals that it dates back to around the Late Bronze Age, while temporal degradation analysis of SCP-7148-FH and -FM demonstrate that it is enough to last for 40 years. Anomalous particulate and caloric analysis of SCP-7148-FH and -FM demonstrates that both have faint traces of Akiva radiation and zero calories.

**Addendum:** MTF Dalet-603 ("Desert Foxes") ran out of food supplies during an expedition into the Arabian Desert. Due to moderate starvation within the group, SCP-7148 manifested within 5 meters of Dalet-603. After approaching the MTF, SCP-7148 attempted to give them an instance of SCP-7148-F, but SCP-7148 found that it was lacking in both SCP-7148-FH and -FM. It brought out a knife, carved out 1 square meter of its skin, and drained a litre of blood from itself while grunting in pain. The skin and blood turned into SCP-7148-FH and SCP-7148-FM instances, respectively. MTF Dalet-603 took this opportunity to chip SCP-7148, for better tracking of its manifestations in the future.

**Addendum:** Below is the most recent log of SCP-7148, post-chipping.

*[SCP-7148 is spotted near a Foundation desert oasis. It is carrying SCP-7148-F instances. To better observe SCP-7148, a camera closer to it is chosen.]*

*[An unknown individual, later identified as civilian Jacob Leibowitz, approaches SCP-7148. They are mildly dehydrated. SCP-7148 notices them and approaches with an SCP-7148-F instance]*

**Leibowitz:** Thanks for the drink.

*[Inaudible murmuring from SCP-7148]*

**Leibowitz:** Seeds? I have a bunch of figs here, is that enough?

*[SCP-7148 nods. Leibowitz smiles]*

**Leibowitz:** Probably would have collapsed out there if it wasn't for your food. Stay safe!

*[Leibowitz leaves the area. SCP-7148 brings out a pouch filled with various seeds of various plants. It grabs a handful of seeds and buries them into the sandy soil, then gathers the wood near the oasis and forms a fence around the seeds. SCP-7148 eats the figs, but quickly suffers an extremely severe bout of emesis.]*

*[Ten kilometers away from SCP-7148, Foundation anemometers detect a sandstorm.]*

*[The sandstorm is 500 meters away from SCP-7148. It notices the sandstorm. It starts digging in the sand with his bare hands.]*

*[The sandstorm is 100 meters away from SCP-7148. It has made a small hole to hide in. SCP-7148-FH covers the hole.]*

*[For 40 days, cameras cannot see anything due to the sandstorm. Microphones near the hole detect sobbing and cracking sounds.]*

*[SCP-7148 climbs out of the hole after the sandstorm has subsided. The Foundation-issued oasis is fully covered in sand, and the planted seeds and fence are nowhere to be found. SCP-7148 collapses on the sand and cries. The hole is covered in high-quality SCP-7148-FH and SCP-7148-FM instances. SCP-7148 is covered in more scars.]*

*[After crying, SCP-7148 gathers the created SCP-7148-FH and -FM instances and swallows them. SCP-7148 walks again. Microphones near SCP-7148 detect a voice.]*

**SCP-7148:** ...איפה נבו...lit. "Where is Nebo..."

---

**Afterword:** During the sandstorm, Foundation instruments detected abnormally high levels of Akiva radiation.

<< [SCP-7147](SCP-7147) | SCP-7148 | [SCP-7149](SCP-7149) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
