=====

=====

## ClassicCon 2025 Entry

**SCP-7653** - A Force of Justice by 

**Achievement:** The Echo

**Item #:** SCP-7653

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** All SCP-7653 instances are to be disposed of and recycled. Suspected 7653-ACCUSED are to be surveilled until a JUDGEMENT event occurs. Afterwards, witnesses and surviving ACCUSED instances are to be amnestized, and an appropriate cover storyAssigned on a case-by-case basis by a qualified member of the Ethics Committee. explaining any lasting effects is to be disseminated.

**Description:** SCP-7653 are several identical 1 meter tall humanoid statues constructed of aluminum and matte enamel paint. The instances' anomalous properties cease upon significant damage, but they have shown unlimited self-replicating properties.

7653-ACCUSED is the collective designation for SCP-7653’s targets, who are typically perpetrators of a crime or harmful wrongdoing. When selected, an instance of SCP-7653 manifests within 50 meters of the ACCUSED, progressively teleporting closer at random intervals until SCP-7653 and the ACCUSED make physical contact.

JUDGEMENT events are the circumstances of the ACCUSED’s crime being inflicted upon them. The inflicted damage is not always directly replicated, but rather the lasting trauma the victim/s sustained. Events happen instantaneously and SCP-7653 instances de-manifest afterwards. Due to SCP-7653’s self-replication, destroying new instances is ineffective at stopping or delaying JUDGEMENT events.

**Addendum 7653.01:** 7653-ACCUSED Instances

**7653-ACCUSED Interview Log**

**Interviewer:** Daisy Merrill, Ethics Committee Liaison

**Interviewee:** ACCUSED-56, Alexa Turner. Subject incited targeted verbal harassment and stalking of Lauren Godsby, a fellow university student.

---

<BEGIN LOG>

**Merrill:** Can you recall when you first saw it?

**Turner:** Yeah. It was some time after I made those posts about Lauren. I saw her eating by herself behind one of the stairs, and she just looked so… *broken.* Then I went back to the cafeteria, and that’s when I saw it through the window, standing in the middle of the parking lot. It just… really creeped me out. I didn’t know why it was there, but it definitely knew.

**Merrill:** Knew about what? The crime you committed?

**Turner:** I didn’t think it was a crime at the time, okay? I thought that she deserved to be humbled a bit, show them she’s not as perfect as they think she is. But after what happened the other day…

*Merrill takes a deep breath, pinching her temples.*

**Merrill:** Alright, could you describe what happened, then?

**Turner:** I heard that Lauren dropped out. I tried not to show that I felt super shitty about it, because my friends would never let me hear the end of it. Then it just appeared in the cafeteria, *right fucking next to me* at our lunch table. Not just my friends, but the whole room all suddenly looked at me, and… Everyone knew. They all knew, and now they won’t leave me alone, they won’t go away.

*Turner trails off, before starting to cry.*

**Merrill:** Do you regret it?

**Turner:** Wh-what?

**Merrill:** Do you regret what you did, Ms. Turner? Have you learned that Lauren Godsby did not deserve that, that this is your punishment?

**Turner:** Of course I do! Why wouldn’t I- I thought you guys were gonna help me? I just want it to stop, I’m *sorry*, alright? F-fuck, I’m *sorry*, I’m so, *so sorry,* Lauren...

<END LOG>

---

**Note:** *Daisy Merrill has been reprimanded for her behavior during the prior interview. ACCUSED-56 was inconsolable until her amnestization. Records of the subject attending ▇▇▇▇ University were scraped and the entire faculty and student body were amnestized.*

**Addendum 7653.02:** 7653-ACCUSED Foundation Personnel

On 09/08/2016, Daisy Merrill reported seeing an SCP-7653 instance during her daily commute to Site-177. Despite claiming to not have committed any harmful crimes, Daisy Merrill has shown significant distress at becoming an 7653-ACCUSED. She has since been living on-site where she is monitored and assigned a rotating team of three security officers.

**Incident 7653.01 Log**

**Date:** 09/13/2016

**Notes:** *At 20:35:29, an SCP-7653 instance manifested 2 meters away from Daisy Merrill while she was in her temporary on-site quarters.*

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Daisy Merrill sits at her bedside table, eating dinner. She glances off to her left and cries out in shock upon seeing SCP-7653 beside her.*

**Merrill:** Oh god… No, no, not yet, please-!

*Merrill starts breathing heavily, running to the door, only to find that it has been automatically locked.*In accordance with standard breach protocol.

**Merrill:** Fuck- just leave me to die in here, won’t you?

*She kicks the door in frustration, then turns back to SCP-7653.*

**Merrill:** I’m not a criminal, surely you can tell? I’m an ECL, we *help* people. We’re *good.* We had to let Turner and the others go, because it’s out of our hands. They need to face your punishment. That’s what you want, right?

*SCP-7653 teleports ~1 meter away from Merrill, who whimpers in fear.*

**Merrill:** Everyone is scared of you and what you do to people, but really, you’re just a force of justice. I-I can admire that. Please, I’m good, I swear, I’m just like you! I get it! I want terrible people to get what they deserve too. Is that so bad?

*SCP-7653 teleports directly in front of Merrill. She presses her back against the door.*

**Merrill:** Just- why *me*? Compared to the lowlifes running this site, I’m a literal saint! 7653, please, you should be better than this!

*SCP-7653 makes contact with Merrill. She is instantly teleported to her bed, curled up into a fetal position, wailing and crying. “They know”,  “I deserve this”, and other phrases of a similar self-accusatory nature are repeated until Merrill passes out from exhaustion.*

<END LOG>

---

Note: *Daisy Merrill has yet to recover and has since been kept in Site-177’s Class-E Ward. She has also been demoted from her position as Site-177 Ethics Commitee Liaison.*

Since 09/19/2016, 78 other Site-177 employees have become 7653-ACCUSED, with 55% of JUDGEMENT events resulting in termination. All communication to and from Site-177 has been prohibited, and SCP-7653 is considered contained. Rescue and recovery has been deemed nonviable.

<< [SCP-7652](SCP-7652) | SCP-7653 | [SCP-7654](SCP-7654) >>

> **Filename:** judiththejudge

> **Author:** [Dominic Simpson](https://www.flickr.com/photos/68537341@N00)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/68537341@N00/3860295754
