**Item #:** SCP-7156

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7156 is kept in a secure confinement chamber located at Site-121's mundane objects wing. Tests are restricted to personnel of Level-2 clearance and above.

**Description:** SCP-7156 refers to a standard Rubik's Cube, a three-dimensional combination puzzle produced by the conglomerate Rubik's Brand Ltd (Spin Master). Physically, the object possesses no notable abnormal qualities.

When any of SCP-7156's rows or columns are turned, it causes an anomalous effect to occur ~~within its immediate vicinity.~~See Addendum below. The scope and limitation of these properties are undetermined as of yet, with resultant events being sporadic in nature and lacking any noticeable structure or correlation with one another. The only concrete association between each abnormality is a non-zero level of Aspect RadiationAspect Radiation (ARad) are EVE emissions intense enough to alter reality (See [Glossary of Terms](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/glossary-of-terms)). emitted by SCP-7156 upon every turn, implying the object is ontokinetic in nature to a certain degree.

**Addendum:** Experiment Log

The following is an experiment conducted by Researchers Julia Menders and Benedict Redhill in SCP-7156's containment cell. Both personnel are qualified experts in the fields of thaumatology and ontokinesis respectively.

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*Recording begins. Menders and Redhill stands before SCP-7156 which is resting atop a retractable table, the former setting up the recording device while the latter checking the notes written on his notepad. Menders looks to Redhill and gives him the thumbs-up before clasping her hands and turning to SCP-7156.*

**Redhill:** Are we good to go?

**Menders:** Locked and loaded, Benny.

**Redhill:** Good, good. *(Clears throat)* This is Experiment Log 7156-2. I repeat, this is the second experiment log for anomaly number 7-1-5-6. Personnel present are Level-2 Researchers Benedict Redhill.

*Redhill gestures to Menders.*

**Menders:** And Ms. Menders, Julia Menders. Reporting for duty.

**Redhill:** *"Duty."*

**Menders:** *(Nodding)* Yup, duty. We'll just be doing the same as the log before: simply turning the sides of '56 and seeing what happens. Let's hope things don't get messy on our end, and uh… yeah, we'll be starting now.

**Redhill:** Yes, let's. If you would, Julia.

**Menders:** Say less, Benny. Make sure you get your pen and paper ready.

*Menders picks up SCP-7156 and briefly inspects it before turning its top side. Suddenly, a slice of cake manifests on the table following a short burst of light. Both staff gaze at the slice before turning to each other.*

**Menders:** Hm, it's cake.

**Redhill:** Mhm.

**Menders:** And it looks pretty—

*Menders examines the cake slice.*

**Menders:** —yeah, it looks pretty conventional. Nothing too out-of-place.

**Redhill:** How does it taste, though?

*Redhill clicks his tongue. Menders crosses her arms while turning to Redhill.*

**Menders:** Why don't you have a taste?

**Redhill:** *(Shrugs)* Sure, I like cake.

*Redhill sets down his clipboard and pen, lifting the slice of cake to eye-level and rotating it, squinting his eyes as he does so. He then takes a bite of the cake before chewing, showing a confused expression on his face.*

**Menders:** Y'know, it's probably better if we get a fork from the—

*The slice abruptly squeals and shakes in position, catching both personnel off-guard. Redhill ceases chewing and swallows. Its scream is similar to that of an infant child.*

**Redhill:** Oh… this is a carrot cake.

**Menders:** Ew.

*Menders reaches for SCP-7156 and turns the same side the other way, causing the slice to dissipate. Redhill writes down on his notepad.*

**Menders:** Okay, let's try that again. Different side.

*Menders turns another one of SCP-7156's sides. A momentary silence follows before two dice fall from above and perch on the ground. Redhill picks up the dice and pause, then decides to roll them onto the table. Both dice land on a halo symbol.*

**Redhill:** Hm, would you look at that.

**Menders:** Seems like luck is on our side.

*The dice gradually rise into the air as they glow brighter and brighter. Both personnel close their eyes and put their palms together as orchestral music subtly increases in volume from an unknown source, accompanied by an unidentified choir. The dice proceed to circle one another, closing the distance between them.*

**Menders & Redhill:** Amen. Praise the lords, our probability is within thee.

*Both dice catch on fire before immediately becoming ash and disappear. Menders opens her eyes and checks her surroundings before nudging Redhill, causing him to open his eyes as well. He quickly makes another note on his clipboard.*

**Menders:** Man… that was life-changing. I feel like a puritan.

**Redhill:** I'm more of a catholic personally.

*Menders glares at Redhill and scoffs.*

**Menders:** We're not friends anymore.

**Redhill:** I'm sorry.

**Menders:** *(Sighs)* It's alright. I forgive you. Let bygones be bygones, as they say.

*Menders and Redhill shake hand and smile at each other.*

**Redhill:** You can say that again.

*Redhill marks down the events prior while Menders rubs her chin, blinking several times as she fixates on SCP-7156. The former takes notice and briefly turns to the object.*

**Redhill:** Is something wrong?

*Pause.*

**Menders:** Benny, remind me: Have we ever, y'know, *solved* 7156?

**Redhill:** Uh… no, surprisingly enough. We've only been turning sides here and there.

**Menders:** Well, I figured we might as well to get it out the way. Maybe something extra peculiar happens when we get those six matching sides.

**Redhill:** I don't see why not, though it's going to take a while since we're supposed to jot down anything that occurs when interacting with the object… unless you're planning to do this as quickly as possible?

**Menders:** Definitely. I'm sure the folks reviewing the logs can write everything to paper while we're doing this, regardless of the rate *"everything"* happens.

**Redhill:** *(Clicking pen)* Hm, suit yourself.

**Menders:** *(Snaps fingers)* Cool beans.

*Menders lifts SCP-7156 once more and grins.*

**Menders:** You ready?

*Redhill nods.*

**Menders:** Alright… Here. We. Go.

*Menders proceeds to solve SCP-7156, turning its sides in immediate succession. The lights soon flicker as numerous abnormalities begin to occur:*

*The walls of the holding chamber shift in composition to resemble human flesh, Redhill feels a sharp pain as he falls to his knees and his right arm changes to that of a Spinosaurus aegyptiacus. A sorrel horse manifests and relays a knock-knock joke using a male voice before abruptly detonating,Due to this, members of the Ethics Committee have been barred access to this file. its remains splattered across the room. Redhill attempts to wipe off blood from his lab coat while Menders continues without hesitation.*

*A sequel to the Titanic movie is suddenly announced despite Foundation staff working for the industry stating that no plans to do this have been formed. A person resembling the 16th president of the United States, Abraham Lincoln, bursts into the room with a confused expression. Redhill pulls out a handgun and shoots them with his Spinosaurus arm. The Beatles then occur.*

*Orange, white, and purple flowers sprout from the walls. English actor Tom Holland becomes a prime minister and the number of bagels currently present on Earth is now considered false. Menders coughs and spits out multiple, luminescent gemstones while various house appliances appear on the table screaming before immediately dissipating. Redhill proceeds to go to a nearby convenience store after putting down his pen and notepad.*

*Concentrated hydrochloric acid begins seeping from the walls. An invisible humanoid entity then manifests in the corner of the containment chamber wearing a stained apron along with numerous kitchen amenities. They appear to be mixing ingredients in a bowl. Suddenly, all plant life immediately surrounding Site-121 convert to books detailing various puzzle games, including Rubik's cubes. Sandwiches are now legal in all states except Illinois.It should be noted that whether hot dogs are considered sandwiches or not is still being discussed.*

*The aforementioned entity sets down a cake on the table. Before Menders can get a slice, however, the specimen cuts open the cake to reveal a multitude of knives inside, causing her to sigh in disappointment. The entity then exits the premises after eating the cake themselves, expressing no sense of pain while doing so.*

*A fifth wall is abruptly formed, painted black and decorated with a number of glittery stars. Redhill returns to the holding cell with tears in his eyes as he holds a plastic bag. The frequency of babies being kicked out of "self-defense" swiftly rises. A majority of wildlife are now associated with octagons while a random addition to the Foundation's employment conditions states that a minimal of three years of experience in the Anime community is required. Every staff in Site-121 suddenly exclaims that chairs are "cool" before shredding every chair in the facility.*

*A humanoid entity wearing scarlet clothing manifests, claiming to be of royalty before attempting to murder Menders and Redhill using thaumaturgy. They fail to do so, as Redhill takes out a jar of peanut butter from the plastic bag and throws it at the specimen's face, knocking them out. Menders begins summarizing the events of the Great Gatsby while aquatic life is now considered illegal worldwide. As she finishes recounting what happens in the novel, a third of Foundation personnel are recruited into the IRS. An individual who claims to be Jesus Christ then becomes an internet celebrity, growing a cult following as they radiate intense levels of Akiva Radiation.Radiation linked to prayer and divine intervention.*

*Holes abruptly form on the chamber's walls as branches sprout from an undetermined source inside them. A stop sign then manifests before Menders and Redhill as sirens blare all around them in Morse code.Translation reveals the message to be simply "199". Menders suddenly ceases turning SCP-7156's sides, causing the lights to stop flickering. She is breathing heavily.*

*Redhill raises his eyebrow.*

**Menders:** This is it. This is *it.*

*Menders shows Redhill SCP-7156 which is solved, with exception to its top side.*

**Menders:** After turning this, we'll finally find out what happens when it's finished.

**Redhill:** Alright, go ahead. Let's see.

**Menders:** Right, well…

**Redhill:** "Well", what?

**Menders:** What if we don't need to find out?

**Redhill:** Pardon? Last I recall, *you* made the suggestion to solve it. I don't see why you're suddenly reluctant to do it now.

**Menders:** Think about it, Benny—

*Menders turns to the ceiling, a light shines on her face.*

**Menders:** During our time on this planet, we as humans, as the Foundation, have tried to further our knowledge of the world. But with every new thing we discover, we are constantly reminded by how little we actually know. Every time we shine light on something alien, we can see just how dark it really is out there.

*The surroundings dim in brightness as the aforementioned light becomes more intense.*

**Menders:** It can be so tiring, y'know? This constant cycle of renewed information just to be confronted with our lack of it. We don't need to keep doing this. We can just be satisfied with what we know now. We can just be… we can be content, be *okay* with just living our lives in ignorance, not worrying about anything that hides before us. Peace, harmony, tranquility. Doesn't that sound appealing, Benny? Aren't we fulfilled enough as it is? We don't have to push our boundaries anymore.

*Menders turns to Redhill who has his mouth agape.*

**Redhill:** I… I…

*Redhill approaches Menders and pauses.*

**Menders:** Yes, Benny? What do you say?

**Redhill:** I…

*Redhill grabs SCP-7156 from Menders.*

**Redhill:** I don't care.

*Redhill turns and solves SCP-7156, placing it down on the table. A brief moment of silence passes. Both staff look around but cannot discern any differences.*

**Redhill:** Hm, weird.

**Menders:** Yeah, I suppose that's that then—

*SCP-7156 lifts itself in the air as it glows various colors. The object exerts a force which causes Menders and Redhill to propel backwards and fall to the ground. It begins mixing itself as all the anomalous events mentioned above reverts. Eventually, SCP-7156 ceases movement and lands once more, losing its light.*

*The two slowly rise and groan in pain as they dust themselves off.*

**Menders:** Ugh, what the hell was that?

*Menders sees that Redhill is staring blankly at SCP-7156.*

**Menders:** What? What's wrong?

*Menders turns to find a small piece of paper sticking from one of the object's side, which contains an inscription. She nears the table and takes out the note, blinking several times as she views its contents.*

**Menders:** Oh…

**Redhill:** What does it say?

*Menders pauses.*

**Menders:** "There are always more ways to solve a Rubik's Cube. 43 quintillion, to be exact. Never stop turning!" Then some crude drawing of a swan. Huh.

**Redhill:** Quite the statement.

**Menders:** It's certainly philosiphical… pholi- philosoftica- philo… philosiphy… shit.

*A ringing noise can be discerned.*

**Redhill:** Do you want to try solving it again?

**Menders:** Definitely. Round two, let's go—

*Redhill's phone begins to buzz, startling both personnel.*

**Redhill:** Oops, sorry. I have to take this.

*Redhill takes a phone call as Menders waits. After a while, he falls silent as he hangs up, staring at the floor. She takes notice and looks around in confusion.*

**Menders:** So, who was that?

**Redhill:** Site director.

**Menders:** What?

**Redhill:** Our site director. He called me regarding various events which have occurred worldwide, all anomalous in nature. Apparently, all of them happened almost instantly and at the same time.

**Menders:** Really?

**Redhill:** *(Nods)* He gave me some brief examples, however, he did say that everything that happened abruptly ceased, all at once. Agents have been scrambling to cover it up and getting everyone amnesticized.

**Menders:** Oh, wow. That's… wait, what does that have to do with you, then?

*Pause.*

**Redhill:** He said we're responsible for this.

**Menders:** What, no. We're not— the effects of 7156 are local, what do you mean?

**Redhill:** Apparently not, according to him.

**Menders:** We've tested it before. Everything that happened then occurred *within* its immediate area, in its *cell.* Are you sure this isn't some crazy coincidence?

**Redhill:** Each of the events he relayed to me have displayed similar levels of Aspect Radiation, Julia. They're all the same, each one of them, just like the events here. All from this cube, and everyone still remembers, Julia. They still remember.

*Menders' mouth is agape.*

**Menders:** Are you serious?

**Redhill:** Yes.

**Menders:** Like actually serious?

**Redhill:** Yes, Julia.

**Menders:** This has been confirmed? Everything you just said to me, all of it's true?

**Redhill:** *(Screams) YES.*

*Pause.*

**Menders:** We are so fucking terminated.

**[END LOG]**

~~~~

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

<< [SCP-7155](SCP-7155) | SCP-7156 | [SCP-7157](SCP-7157) >>

=====

> **Filename:** rubixcube

> **Name:** Image

> **Author:** Peanut Dela Cruz

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/13063679@N02/2079719147)

> **Filename:** dice

> **Name:** Dice

> **Author:** Ella's Dad

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/88996417@N00/401027108)

=====
