:root {

     --header-title: "Integumentary Dep.";

     --header-subtitle: "Discover • Heal • Repair •";

     --lgurl: url('your url here');

}

= [Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/bread-tyrant-authorpage)

> A house's PNS (peripheral nervous system) is what links the brain and spinal cord,The CNS or central nervous system. in this case, the living room and foundation to the "organs" of the house. The PNS and CNS may be linked via electrical or pipework, relaying information to the brain of the house. While the living room of the house is protected by insulation, a door, blinds, and curtains, the cables, pipes, and wires remain exposed, meaning they are vulnerable to injury or disease.

> 

> — Prof. Spítithánatos of the Integumentary Department

**Item #:** SCP-7610

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Any residential buildings discovered to be affected by the SCP-7610 phenomenon are to be quarantined by Foundation operatives. Any individuals interacting with SCP-7610 affected structures are not to wear any clothing items which include the following: wool, linens, and leather. If the appearance of Tzaraath is present on the individual's clothing then these items should be subsequently incinerated and the individual quarantined for 7 days. During this time, if the individual begins to experience the symptoms associated with Hansen's disease (Leprosy), then incineration is deemed necessary.

Buildings that are experiencing Tzaraath as a result of the SCP-7610 phenomenon, should not be entered unless the individual is equipped with a Class-IV Foundation-issue Biohazard Suit. Searching for signs of life is strictly prohibited.

If the SCP-7610 phenomenon spreads to neighbouring buildings, then these buildings should be demolished, with the rubble cleared as soon as possible.

**Description:** SCP-7610 is a recurring phenomenon in which houses become derelict and devoid of life,This includes all microbial life that would be present within the confines of the house. through a poorly understood process. SCP-7610 coincides with the appearance of organic lesionsKnown as Tzaraath which include any formations of uncleanliness or disfigurement on organic and inorganic matter. Typically associated with Hansen's disease. upon the walls and surfaces of the building's interior, which appear reddish/greenish in colour, and sunken into the surface beyond what the confines of the house would allow. 

The disappearance of the members of a household due to SCP-7610 has become more frequent within the last 20 years, since its discovery. The locations of the disappearing individuals are poorly understood.

**Addendum I:** Research into household Tzaraath phenomena.

> A house can be analogous to the human body, with certain household structures representing human anatomy. Your house has a brain, typically the living room, and as such it has emotions— a subconscious. The items you keep in your living room will come to represent the many structures of the brain. The house's fusiform gyrusA part of the brain that deals with recognition, linked to neurological conditions like prosopagnosia (face blindness). will develop and begin to recognise you as the creatures that come and live inside it. You are your house's parasite, and it knows this. Most of the time this is okay since you're like the small bugs that live off eyebrow hairs, mostly going unnoticed. But houses affected by the Tzaraath are deadly and are no such home at all. A house is simply a building, but a home is a place for love, joy, and good memories.

> 

> — Prof. Spítithánatos of the Integumentary Department

**Addendum II:** Incident at the Thyma residence, 29/10/2012.

After the family, Shaun and Cara Thyma and their two children, Abigail and Josh, were over at a friend's house for a get-together, they arrived home at around 18:45. The friend, Nancy Tailor, noticing how one of the kids had left their scarf, decided to drive over and return the item of clothing. After arriving at the front door, they noticed how the door was unlocked, entering the home to find the family missing. Once police were notified of this, Foundation operatives, believing it to be related to the SCP-7610 phenomenon, decided to investigate. Once agents arrived at the residence, following proper procedure, two agents entered.

**<Begin>**

*View is from a camera mounted on Alpha's shoulder in Biohazard gear, entering through the front entrance with Beta behind him. The lights are off in the house, and the two agents approach slowly.*

**Alpha:** Lights are off, activating torch light.

*The hallway through the front door is suddenly illuminated. They enter.*

**Alpha:** Living room door to our left is closed.

**Beta:** I'm noticing slight lesions along the hallway, collecting samples.

*Beta can be heard rustling as they retrieve a sample bag from a pocket, scraping some organic material from the wall.*

**Alpha:** Approaching living room door.

*Alpha attempts to twist the door hand, however, he can't open the door, recoiling as a fluid from the handle now coats his glove. This was later identified to be cerebrospinal fluid.*

**Alpha:** Door won't move, and it's coated in a film.

**Beta:** Collecting sample.

*Beta is heard rustling again as Alpha continues down the hall.*

**Alpha:** Approaching some stairs. We'll check out the first floor first. I'm turning the corner into a dining room.

*Alpha bends down looking at the dining room carpet.*

**Alpha:** The carpet has been moved about. Some kind of altercation maybe? Be careful, the house may be hostile.

**Beta:** Yes sir.

*Alpha looks over to a kitchen beyond the dining room, which is obscured by a curved island. Beta joins Alpha in the dining room.*

**Alpha:** Approaching the kitchen. There appears to be a trail of reddish fluid, likely blood leading behind the island. Taking a look now.

*Both agents slowly enter the kitchen and round the island. Behind the island they observe a nude humanoid figure curled up in a foetal position, shivering and murmuring. It appears extremely reddish and coated in a slimy clear fluid. Both agents recoil at the sight.*

**Alpha:** I need medical staff here, I think I found the mother.

**<End>**

Cara Thyma was discovered to be the only one present in the household. She was found to still be alive, having had most of her integumentary system, eyes, ears, hair, nose, lips, hands, and feet dissolved by the presence of a digestive fluid coating her body, exposing her bones and muscle tissue. She was transported to the nearest Foundation Medical Centre, where she later died due to trauma. Foundation agents began to examine the remainder of the house, locating a source of detritus materialPrimarily excrement and other waste materials. which was found in the soil primarily around the back entrance of the building. Analysis discovered that this waste material consisted of the macerated/digested remains of the 3 remaining family members. This prompted the re-examination of the soil contents of all known SCP-7610 affected households, where human remains were later discovered within 95% of them, which were overlooked during preliminary research.

**Addendum III:** Test log of the Thyma residence.

For observational purposes, several cameras have been placed within the building.

> **Test:** To see the rate of digestion as a result of the SCP-7610 phenomenon.

> **Procedure:** A Foundation agent enters the house, holding a caged rabbit. They place the cage on the dining room table and exit.

> **Result:** After roughly 45 minutes, the rabbit began to panic, running around its cage, hitting into the sides. The cage suddenly breaks open, with the metal bars being torn away. The rabbit is dragged by an unknown force towards the kitchen. Once in the kitchen area, the rabbits fur and skin begin to dissolve, forming a puddle around it. At this point the rabbit expires. After around 2 hours, the rabbit had been reduced to a slurry, which is suddenly ejected from the back door.

> **Test:** To see if the residence is capable of facial recognition.

> **Procedure:** D-255 was instructed to routinely clean the exterior of the building, adding fresh paint, removing garden weeds, and fixing missing roof tiling. This process was to be repeated daily. The second phase had D-255 enter the house in a Biohazard Suit, and clean the interior of the house daily. D-255 was instructed on removing the walls affected by the lesions. New furniture was also installed by D-255. This process was repeated for 3 months, until the third phase in which D-255 was instructed to remove his Biohazard gear in the house's dining room and wait.

> **Result:** D-255 was able to stay within the dining room, not experiencing any bodily harm. D-255 was able to wander around the house freely

> **Test:** To see if the presence of lesions changes the behaviour of the Thyma residence.

> **Procedure:** Once the lesions began to appear once again on the walls, after 7 days, D-255 was to enter the house again.

> **Result:** On the ninth visit from D-255 since the appearance of the lesions, D-255 began to report on a sickness in his stomach and his skin feeling as though it "were on fire". D-255 passed out and was dragged by an unknown force into the kitchen. D-255 was unable to be recovered, and their remains were ejected from the back entrance after 3 hours.

**Addendum IIII:** Professor Spítithánatos and his work on the processes behind SCP-7610.

> Houses, like humans, have a peripheral nervous system, which is more exposed by the lack of bones or a blood-brain barrier. This exposure leaves it open to diseases, as was aforesaid. The Tzaraath of the old world affects a number of houses; whether it is brought in by a resident of the house or just by exposure to the outside world is irrelevant. The presence of Tzaraath affects the nervous system, allowing organs and extremities to atrophy or become inactive. A house may become sick, corrupting the fusiform gyrus. A house will become ravenous, a monster even, and devour all that lies within its rooms and hallways. A house affected by the Tzaraath is no home at all, it is simply a beast.

> 

> — Prof. Spítithánatos of the Integumentary Department

<< [SCP-7609](SCP-7609) | SCP-7610 | [SCP-7611](SCP-7611) >>

=====

> **Filename:** bloodied_bed

> **Author:** Norbert Kaiser

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.5

> **Source Link:** [link](https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Intensivstation_(01)_2007-03-03.jpg)

@@ @@

> **Filename:** creepy-house

> **Author:** Dave.Dunford

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Box_Tree_House,_Prestbury.jpg)

=====
