[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en

|page=component:info-ayers

|authorPage= https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/trouts-authorpage

|comments=

> I long to hear your voice as I remember it

> I long to hear your voice as I remember it

> But I can't and I won't

> I can't and I won't cause you're dead and you're buried

> [*https://youtu.be/taRA4QUI5pQ I long to hear your voice as I remember it.]

(Your Voice, As I Remember It, AJJ)

**SCP-7230:** Your Voice As I Remember It

Where'd it go? A collab between  and .

Trout's authorpage is below, Cube's authorpage is [here](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/cubeflix).]]

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

N/A

N/A

Dr. C. Fliss

N/A

---

### {{**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES** }}

---

Containment procedures are currently being drafted. This file is under review by the O5 Council. Until SCP-7230 has been contained, all tests regarding the noosphere have been postponed until further notice.

---

### {{**DESCRIPTION** }}

---

**SCP-7230** refers to an unknown object, concept, or phenomenon located at 51.4839° N, 0.6044° W. Due to its anomalous properties, it cannot be fully conceptualized, even under the influence of mnestics. Descriptions of SCP-7230 extracted from Foundation DEEPWELL archives suggest that:

* it is a structure;

* information about SCP-7230 was previously comprehensible but was rendered incomprehensible on 18/02/2029.

---

### {{**ADDENDUM 7230-1 -- TESTIMONIES** }}

---

> I wasn't quite sure what I was looking at, to be honest.

>

> I've spent fourteen years studying all sorts of cognitohazardous, infohazardous, antimemetic anomalies. Pick any category in the memetics field and I assure you I can find at least three anomalies I've worked on with those capabilities. Plus, I've got a CRV of 18.2. Checked last Monday.

>

> All this to say that even some of the most powerful memetic or antimemetic anomalies can be knocked into submission with enough mnestics and a good pair of SCRAMBLE goggles. And even if you can't fully comprehend something, you can at least get a rough outline of it.

>

> But something about this... I don't know. It was just different. It was absolutely baffling. It's like there was a hole there, just a massive, gaping hole cutting a shape in the middle of the sky. I could tell there was something there~~ you can always tell when something's off~~ but I just couldn't see any of it. Or maybe I could. But either way, the photons never quite reached my brain, I guess.

>

> We tried everything. We had SCRAMBLE goggles set to the max, IVs of mnestics dripping at 100 mL per hour~~ yeah, I know that's unsafe~~ hell, we even tried just going up to the thing and touching it. It felt like stone, to be honest. I couldn't fathom what it could be a part of.

>

> Whatever it is, its not anything memetic. Its not antimemetic, either. It's something else entirely. Just... removed from comprehension.

>

> Sometimes it feels like its all just a trick; that there's really nothing there and it's just my imagination. But at the end of the day, isn't that all memetics is?

>

> 

> *-- Dr. M. Fauss, SCP-7230*

> 

> We've checked the data over about ten times now. All the clues, all the pieces were *there*, we just somehow couldn't put it together. There's references to something being there as far back as the 11th century. Webcrawlers found information about ticket sales. The standard gauntlet of para-tests have come up negative. There's something there, but every time I get close to figuring out what it is, the knowledge just... slips away.

>

> And I know what you're thinking. It can't possibly be that difficult. It's got to be lazy workers or perhaps there's been a mistake in the DEEPWELL systems. And I wouldn't blame you for that; about ten gigabytes of data go missing from Foundation databases every year. And IT guys aren't known for being the most diligent employees.

>

> But there are the guys that oversaw the database recovery back in '02. There are the guys that detected twenty systemic bureaucrahazards in the last four years, saving the lives of at least twenty-four people and saving the Foundation 220 million USD. These guys do their due diligence, and if *they* think something is wrong, 99% of the time, there's usually something wrong.

>

> 

> *-- Technician R. L. Owens, RAISA*

> 

> Judging from the information I've seen so far, I've been able to rule out a couple things:

>

> One, we know SCP-7230 isn't memetic or antimemetic. These properties would be nullified, even just slightly, by the use of mnestics. However, a sufficiently powerful enough memetic anomaly can prove immune to mnestic application, leading us to:

>

> Two, SCP-7230 measures at a baseline value on every anomalous detector we've been able to get our hands on. Greene-Atkinson Semion Field Detectors read 0.00, Tarrow Memeion Counters detect nothing. Hume readings sit at baseline. It itself is not anomalous. The only odd thing about it is that it literally cannot exist.

>

> And yet, we can all still feel it. It's like some half-forgotten memory, where you can't make out the details but you can still feel its weight, see its edges. And yet, there's literally nothing there.

>

> But if it's not there, then what's casting that shadow?

>

> 

> *--Dr. C. Fliss, SCP-7230*

> 

---

### {{**ADDENDUM 7230-2 -- UPDATE** }}

---

On 11/04/2029, a similar anomaly was detected in Liestal, Switzerland. Further investigation is pending.

> I'm gonna be blunt about this, it's the same as before. A place that seems so familiar, except there's nothing there, though everything points to there being *something*. We can touch it, we can feel it. Hell, some of us got a tape measure, and it's more than a thousand meters of... something. A group of us decided to feel it around and sketch it down. We can feel something's there, and like I've said, there is *something* there, no doubt. But the moment we sketched it down, nothing. We drew something, but none of us can put it into words. Even with the drugged up mnestic nuts, nothing. Surrealistics said that we just had to "realign our collective unconscious", whatever that means, Unreality just plain didn't respond, and the Antimemetics Division (which I just discovered exists) got the same results as we did. We are out of options.

> @@ @@

> In a last ditch effort, we went ahead and asked the omegas with [SCP-7888](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7888). Don't ask me how we got Overwatch's approval on that one. But once again, nothing. I can attach a copy of their response:

>> = **Instance:** #4824821

>> = **Message:**

>>

>> = {{¯\_(ツ)_/¯}}

>  

> Yeah. Even our fucking gods have no idea, that's all they had to say. Even when we tried to put something there, the lack of nothing stopped us. The lack. Of nothing. Stopped us.

>

> The people who first spotted it didn't even need amnesticization, since they all sound like lunatics. "Hey, we went to this place, and there's nothing"? What moron would hear that and be scared?

>

> We did. We are those morons. I need a fucking break.

>

> 

> *--Dr. Tiana Rosanne, Director of the 'Pataphysics Department*

> 

On 05/11/2021 at exactly 05:12 PM GMT, every employee involved in the SCP-7230 project received the following email in their inbox:

>> **TO:** You

>> **FROM:** {{<INVALID ADDRESS>}}

>> **SUBJECT:** Whoopsie

> Sorry about that. Just ran out of memory for a little bit. Should be fixed now!

Directly following this incident, a large stone castle appeared in SCP-7230's location. It has been identified as Windsor Castle. SCP-7230 has been reclassified as neutralized.

---

=====

> **Filename:** field.png

> **Author:** Graham Robson

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Arable_field_north_of_Doddington_-_geograph.org.uk_-_3931204.jpg

=====

<< [SCP-7229](SCP-7229) | SCP-7230 | [SCP-7231](SCP-7231) >>
