body{

    --barColour: #8c8c8c;

}

:root{

  --header-title: "SCP Foundation";

  --header-subtitle: "Secure, Contain, Protect";

}

#header h1 a:before {

    font-size: 2.0rem;

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    background-image: url(http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/harry-blank-6/BlankstyleSCP-2.png);

    filter: opacity(50%);

}

#page-content .info-container {

    ~~link-color: rgb(var(~~swatch-text-general));

}

#page-content .info-container .translation_block {

    display: none;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-link,

#page-content .info-container:hover .collapsible-block-link {

    line-height: 1.6em;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-unfolded-link {

    display: grid;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded .collapsible-block-link,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-link {

    -webkit-mask: unset;

            mask: unset;

    background: transparent;

    grid-column: 1;

    grid-row: 1;

    opacity: 0;

}

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-folded::before,

#page-content .info-container .collapsible-block-unfolded-link::before {

    --wght: 800;

    content: "J Dune";

    color: #FFFFFF;

    font-family: Inter, Arimo, Verdana, Geneva, "Helvetica Neue", "Helvetica", Arial, sans-serif;;

    display: block;

    pointer-events: none;

    grid-column: 1;

    grid-row: 1;

    line-height: 2.75ex;

}

**Item #:** SCP-7961

 

**Object Class:** Standard

**Special Containment Procedures:** A surveillance camera has been installed at SCP-7961’s location. Recorded footage is automatically uploaded to gestalt intelligence "ARK”.

Direct inspection of SCP-7961 is to be performed via an examination drone bi-weekly.

**Description:** SCP-7961 is a lamp post located at the site of a dilapidated pathway in the South East of England.

SCP-7961 continues to function as normal, despite no local AC mains nor central power providers remaining intact. SCP-7961 emits light only when suitable levels of darkness are met in the surrounding area, as standard for non-anomalous lamp posts. The lightbulb has shown no signs of burnout since discovery.

Plant-life surrounds SCP-7961, growing only within the lamplight’s radius. This vegetation and the soil it grows from remains healthy and vibrant, unaffected by the corrosive properties of the global atmosphere. This plant-life consists of grass and several brightly coloured flowers that were previously present over [~90% of the planet’s viable surface](Lily's Proposal).

**Addendum:** The cultivation of seed pods collected from SCP-7961's location is hindered by the present atmosphere's corrosive properties. Estimates have determined that toxicity levels will be reduced to a suitable amount for growth in exactly 4,672,946 years.

<< [SCP-7960](SCP-7960) | SCP-7961 | [SCP-7962](SCP-7962) >>
