div#header {

    background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/attilas-author-page/humble_logo.svg);

}

---

**Item #:** SCP-7109

###990000|**Level 3/7109**##

**Object Class:** Safe

###990000|**Classified**##

---

]

**Special Containment Procedures:** A copy of SCP-7109 is kept on a 5 1/4" floppy disk at Site-76. The containment locker must be checked monthly for signs of plant growth. Any reports of disembodied voices in the vicinity are to be reported directly to the project director.

MTF Sigma-5 ("'; DROP TABLE taskforces @@--@@") is responsible for detecting and removing copies of SCP-7109 from Internet forums and file-sharing services.

**Description:** SCP-7109 is a video game titled *Appalachia* released by ##purple|[Arcadia](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/arcadia-hub)## for Apple II computers in 1981. Records suggest that ##purple|Arcadia## employee Thomas Greene developed SCP-7109 in its entirety. Mr. Greene was unavailable for comment, however, due to his execution by the state of Virginia in 1983.

SCP-7109 is a management sandbox game that tasks players with managing a wilderness area. Players do this by modifying the terrain as well as placing plants and animals native to eastern North America. The map is laid out as a 500x500 grid; the starting terrain is visually equivalent to that in a 2.5 km radius surrounding the computer running the software, including "wall" and "fence" tiles that cannot manually be placed by the player. If the player makes a game save, changes to the real world roughly equivalent to those in-game will manifest at 0:00 the following day. This includes changes to terrain, manifestation of flora and fauna, and demolition of structures. All copies made of SCP-7109 possess these properties, including those run in emulation software.

Only one copy of SCP-7109 has been recovered, which appears to be partially corrupted. Undercover solicitations for information on [Parawatch](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/parawatch-hub) and other Internet forums have failed; while a few individuals were aware of SCP-7109, none were aware of its anomalous properties or able to provide an undamaged copy. The Foundation has also been unable to recover a manual - whether physical or digital - despite all reports indicating that SCP-7109 was originally distributed with one. Thus, all instructions for how to operate SCP-7109 have been obtained through trial-and-error.

**Experiment Log:** The following tests were conducted to catalogue the different fauna manifested by SCP-7109. While the various plant varieties were reasonably well-documented in game and confirmed by prior testing, the names of most of the animals had been corrupted. Area-276 was chosen for both remoteness and for the reduced likelihood of introducing invasive species to the surrounding environment. Dr. Alex Rhodes was placed in charge of the experiments.

> **Date: 2022/10/6**

> 

> **Test description:** 1 instance of animal number 0 was spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** One adult male beaver (*Castor canadensis*) manifested at the expected time and place.

> **Date: 2022/10/7**

> 

> **Test description:** 1 instance of animal number 1 was spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** One adult female black bear (*Ursus americanus*) manifested at the expected time and place.

> **Date: 2022/10/8**

> 

> **Test description:** 1 instance of animal number 2 was spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** No manifestation observed. Further testing advised.

> **Date: 2022/10/9**

> 

> **Test description:** 10 instances of animal number 2 were spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** No manifestation observed. Further testing advised.

> **Date: 2022/10/10**

> 

> **Test description:** 100 instances of animal number 2 were spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** No manifestation observed. Further testing advised.

> 

>> *It looks like this feature isn't working. We'll try the maximum tomorrow just in case, and then move on.*

>> - Dr. Rhodes

> **Date: 2022/10/11**

> 

> **Test description:** 32,767 instancesThe maximum number of specimens SCP-7109 could spawn at once. of animal number 2 were spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** No specimens were observed manifesting. However, many personnel awoke the following night to find that their beds and living quarters were infested with cockroaches (*Periplaneta americana*). The testing had apparently manifested thousands of cockroaches in a sewer pipe located beneath the testing corral. Further testing was postponed to allow the facility to be fumigated. The corral was moved elsewhere on Area-276 grounds to prevent further incidents.

> 

> Several personnel requested to be transferred to different projects following the incident. These requests were denied.

> **Date: 2022/10/17**

> 

> **Test description:** 1 instance of animal number 3 was spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** 1 bald eagle manifested at the expected time. The specimen flew off before it could be collected. A roof was added to the corral to compensate.

> **Date: 2022/10/20**

> 

> **Test description:** 1 instance of animal number 4 was spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** An adult male grey wolf (*Canis lupus*) manifested inside the test corral at the expected time. The specimen later tested positive for rabies and was immolated.

> **Date: 2022/10/21**

> 

> **Test description:** 1 instance of animal number 5 was spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** No manifestation observed. After conducting a thorough review to confirm that there were no pipes, tunnels, mineshafts, or lava tubes situated beneath the corral, testing was allowed to continue.

> **Date: 2022/10/22**

> 

> **Test description:** 10 instances of animal number 5 were spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** No manifestation observed.

> 

>> *That's enough. Let's move on.*

>> - Dr. Rhodes

> **Date: 2022/10/23**

> 

> **Test description:** 1 instance of animal number 6 was spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** An adult female turkey (*Meleagris gallopavo*) manifested inside the test corral at the expected time.

> 

> The same night, one of Area-276's perimeter guards failed to return from his shift and was reported missing. This incident was determined unlikely to be related to SCP-7109, and testing was allowed to continue.

> **Date: 2022/10/24**

> 

> **Test description:** 1 instance of animal number 7 was spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** Test aborted, as the corral fence was found forced open in several places.

> **Researcher's Note (2022/10/24)**

> *After I finished the test paperwork, I went down to the corral. I wanted to see the damage for myself. It can't be understated; the metal may as well have been tied in knots in places. I've seen totaled cars with more structural integrity. I wondered aloud to myself, "what on earth could have done this?" and... I swear I heard someone behind me laughing.*

> 

> *I was alone.*

> 

> *I've tried to talk the director into letting us cancel testing, but he isn't taking me seriously; he thinks I'm just being jumpy after the roaches. Let's finish the job and get out of here.*

> - Dr. Rhodes

> **Date: 2022/10/27**

> 

> **Test description:** 1 instance of animal number 7 was spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** An adult male elk (*Cervus canadensis*) manifested inside the test corral at the expected time. This animal was notably spooked, even compared to the other specimens collected.

> **Date: 2022/10/28**

> 

> **Test description:** 1 instance of animal number 8 was spawned inside the test corral.

> 

> **Result:** Test aborted when the computer running SCP-7109 began producing smoke. Several vines had become entwined with the PC's internal components and caused it to overheat. Further testing was postponed until a new Apple II computer could be delivered.

> **Researcher's Note (2022/10/29):**

> *Five more people have gone missing, two of them on my team. The area director has declared a state of emergency and ordered us to evacuate. We loaded up the vans, but none of them would start. When the mechanics looked at them, they found that all of the gas tanks were full of moss.*

> 

> *They're supposed to send a group to relieve us, but I don't know how much longer we can last.*

> - Dr. Rhodes

> **Researcher's Note (2022/10/30):**

> *I hear them laughing in the walls now.*

> - Dr. Rhodes

All contact with Area-276 was lost on 2022/10/31. The cause of this is currently unknown; all logs and surveillance footage from the previous 24 hours had been replaced with the following message:

> You are playing this game illegally.

> Video game piracy is theft and a serious crime under federal and international copyright law. Severe civil and criminal penalties may be imposed in addition to the damages you have already suffered.

> Please support us at ##purple|Arcadia## by calling 1-555-272-2342 and purchasing a legitimate copy of *Appalachia*.

<< [SCP-7108](SCP-7108) | SCP-7109 | [SCP-7110](SCP-7110) >>
