by [SynthPanda_](SynthPanda_)

**Item #:** SCP-7505

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7505 is to be contained within a standard large containment unit located within Subterranean Area-49, along with the 25 existing SCP-7505-A instances. SCP-7505 must remain physically shut at all times.  Any individuals suffering negative mental health effects due to exposure to SCP-7505 or SCP-7505-A must be assigned a Foundation-affiliated psychiatrist upon request.

Should SCP-7505 be found open, or a new SCP-7505-A instance manifest, the door to SCP-7505 must be closed at the nearest possible opportunity, and the Head Researcher of SCP-7505 must be contacted immediately. Any individuals who have entered SCP-7505 are to be considered lost.

Research into the missing cast of *And Then The Stars Went Out*, focused on the anachronistic nature of the director's disappearance, is ongoing.

**Description:** SCP-7505 refers to a maroon truck-sized intermodal shipping container, which was utilized in the production of an unreleased independent horror film titled *And Then The Stars Went Out*. Externally, SCP-7505 is identical to non-anomalous shipping containers of the same make, however the inside of the object appears to be a limitless space, devoid of any light or matter. Individuals witnessing the internal dimensions of SCP-7505 report sensations of fearlessness and wanderlust, as well as a faint compulsion to enter SCP-7505, which has been resisted by all individuals affected since SCP-7505's initial containment. Affected individuals will later develop acute claustrophobia and scopophobia, although these ailments can be treated through non-anomalous means.

SCP-7505's anomalous properties were initially discovered on 07/28/1995, by dock workers employed near the filming location of *And Then The Stars Went Out* in Newark, New Jersey. All individuals associated with the production of *And Then The Stars Went Out* were last seen on 07/27/1995, with the exception of Esme Quinton, credited as the director and producer of the project on official documentation, who was reported missing on 05/05/1955.

On the 5th of June, from 1996-2021, SCP-7505's doors would anomalously open, and an instance of SCP-7505-A was ejected from its internal space. SCP-7505-A resemble human corpses, which show disfigurements consistent with exposure to a true vacuum, as well as 5th degree burns, although the subject's eyes appear undamaged. Efforts to move SCP-7505-A into a position in which the instance is not facing upwards have universally failed.

<< [SCP-7504](SCP-7504) | SCP-7505 | [SCP-7506](SCP-7506) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Boxes

> **Author:** Federal Highway Authority

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Intermodal_container_facility_at_Seagirt,_Baltimore.jpg

=====

:root {

  --header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

  --header-subtitle: "Secure, Contain, Protect.";

  ~~lgurl: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/component:pride-highlighter/tg_logo.svg);

}
