**SCP-7977:** 

**Author:** 

Word count- about 4.5k.

Critters in the description. Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoy! Mentions of death and mental decline. And pregnancy if that's a trigger for you. Enjoy! +*:ꔫ:*﹤　　﹥*:ꔫ:*+ﾟ

> 

> **Note:** This article was first published on 11/08/1999. It has been edited over the course of two decades with updates on the experimentation of SCP-7977. Please refer to the archived description, containment procedures, and interviews for information.

> 

**Item #:** SCP-7977

**Object Class:** Neutralized (Formerly Keter)

<details>
<summary>Archived Containment Procedures:</summary>

SCP-7977 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site-93. Direct interaction with SCP-7977 by assigned personnel is forbidden. Personnel in violation of this policy are to be amnestized and reassigned following their first violation, and promptly replaced. Any writings produced by SCP-7977 are to be copied and stored in Foundation archives. SCP-7977 is to receive prenatal care daily, including ultrasounds from D-Class personnel given the proper medical training. 

SCP-7977's diet is outlined in the document *Standardized Meal Guideline 17-883 Revision 6.3 (Prepartum Health Concerns).* SCP-7977 is to be fed via a slot in the wall of its containment cell. 

~~Once SCP-7977's children are born, (to be designated SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2), they are to be put in a standard child humanoid containment modified for the cohabitation of two individuals.~~

SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 have been removed from the custody of SCP-7977 and are not to be re-introduced to SCP-7977 under any circumstances. SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 are to be kept in a standard child humanoid containment modified for the cohabitation of two individuals. SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 are to be provided with standard educational and entertainment material, including physical activities. SCP-7977-1 is to be referred to by the name 'Valentine', and SCP-7977-2 is to be referred to by the name 'George' by researchers. 

Direction interaction between SCP-7977 and SCP-7977-1 or SCP-7977-2 is strictly forbidden. Personnel violating this policy, including medical and educational personnel, are to be amnestized and relocated following their first violation.

</details>
 

**Special Containment Procedures:** See archived containment procedures. 

**Description:** SCP-7977 is a 20-year-old human female of European descent with the given name Valerie Ynomes. SCP-7977's anomalous abilities manifest upon perceiving an individual for a long enough period of time. Once it does so, the individual is removed from baseline reality and appears as a character in one of the many fictional works SCP-7977 writes. To prevent this, SCP-7977 must be under the genuine belief that an individual no longer exists once it has perceived someone. It has been concluded that this includes believing that the individual is deceased. Individuals that have already been erased cannot be restored. The only way to keep note of the erased individuals is through SCP-7977's writings, thus why it is allowed to have them. How long an individual has to be perceived to be affected is currently unknown. At the time of initial containment, SCP-7977 is 20 weeks pregnant with twins, one male, one female.

**Update as of 17/01/2000:**

SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 refer to two humanoid infant children, birthed from SCP-7977. It is unknown if SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 are anomalous, so they are to remain under Foundation custody until further notice for observation to ensure they do not share or spread the anomalous qualities of SCP-7977.

**Update as of 20/09/2016:** SCP-7977 was a 36-year-old woman named Valerie Ynomes of Caucasian descent. See previous description for anomalous abilities. 

 

**Addendum-1-Discovery:**

SCP-7977 was brought to the Foundation's attention when a popular author began to frantically claim the existence of people who never existed. Most of these people she claimed to know were said to be family members or friends of hers. Foundation specialists were brought onto the case, and these claims were investigated. It was found the people claimed to have exist were characters in SCP-7977's novel, and SCP-7977 was brought into Foundation custody shortly after.

**Addendum-2-Initial-Containment-Log:**

SCP-7977 was initially contained on 9/08/1999. An introductory interview was conducted shortly after. Following containment, experimentation regarding SCP-7977 began. All testing was conducted using D-class personnel. 

<details>
<summary>Interview 9/08/1999</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7977

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Stevens

> 

> **Foreword:** An interview was conducted with SCP-7977 upon initial containment. SCP-7977 was asked about its novel, and then the conditions of containment were discussed with it.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Researcher Stevens:** Hello Valerie, thank you for being so cooperative with us.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** Oh, no problem! I have a doctor's appointment to get to though, so can we can on with this weird stuff? By the way, am I... in trouble?

> 

> **Researcher Stevens:** No honey, you aren't in trouble. But I'm going to let you know right now that that doctor's appointment won't be happening. Ever.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** What? *(Confusion spreads to SCP-7977's face.)* Why not?

> 

> **Researcher Stevens:** Let's start one thing at a time. So Valerie. How long have you been writing?

> 

> **SCP-7977:** Since I was a teenager, why? You said you're a researcher for um, the 'SCP Foundation' earlier. Is this some sort of writing agency? If so, why is it like this?

> 

> **Researcher Stevens:** No, it isn't. I'll cut to the point. We are a Foundation that studies anomalous objects, creatures, people, and other such entities. You Valerie have an anomal-

> 

> **SCP-7977:** That makes zero sense. Anomaly. How?

> 

> **Researcher Stevens:** Haven't you noticed something about your stories? The characters, they're all people you've met, aren't they?

> 

> **SCP-7977:** What? No, they aren't. Why would they be? I'm not sure why I would do that. I mean the protagonist was inspired by my boyfriend, sure. But I changed the name.

> 

> **Researcher Stevens:** Well according to all records, your boyfriend never existed. Was his name George?

> 

> **SCP-7977:** (*Shock hits SCP-7977's face.)* Y-Yes... but that's not what I named the protagonist. If you're claiming he never existed, how did you know? And how didn't I notice? 

> 

> **Researcher Stevens:** That is currently unknown. But we know that if you perceive someone for too long, they will be erased from baseline reality and wind up in your stories instead.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** (*SCP-7977 scoffs.)* Are you fucking crazy? Anomalies don't exist. And I definitely am *not* one!

> 

> **Researcher Stevens:** We can't discuss all of that right now. We're going to do some tests to see how we can prevent this from happening.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** Prevent from happening? This makes no sense! (*SCP-7977 jumps up from its chair, beginning to pace around the room.*)

> 

> **Researcher Stevens:** SCP-7977, for the sake of stress not overwhelming you, we're going to let you rest. Please just relax, okay?

> 

> **SCP-7977:** Fine... 

> 

> **Researcher Stevens:** Thank you.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-7977 was brought out of the interview room, and brought to its containment cell to rest.

</details>
 

After several days of testing, it was concluded that SCP-7977 needs to be under the genuine belief that an individual it has interacted with no longer exists. The only way to do this in a viable way is to tell it the person has been killed. This was discovered due to a family member of SCP-7977 encountering a fatal car accident, and they were not a victim of SCP-7977's anomaly.  SCP-7977 was told anyone who interacted with it will be euthanized. In actuality, no one who interacts with SCP-7977 has been euthanized. As the amount of time SCP-7977's anomaly takes to take effect is inconsistent.

<details>
<summary>Interview 17/08/1999</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7977

> 

> **Interviewer:** Doctor Faith 

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Doctor Faith:** Hello Valerie, how are you feeling?

> 

> **SCP-7977:** Weird. I really just want to focus on getting more stuff for my babies. Their room was going to be fruit themed. Can I still give them a room here?

> 

> **Doctor Faith:** About that, Valerie. I didn't want to say it this quickly, but... you know, let me start from the beginning. If you perceive someone for too long, they will exist in one of your stories. Even if you don't write it down. They will exist in an existing story of yours.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** That's what you've concluded? I... I find it hard to believe. Are you sure it's true?

> 

> **Doctor Faith:** Correct. And yes, we are. We've done extensive testing. In order to protect someone and all memories surrounding them who have interacted with you from being erased... we have to euthanize them. So their memory, in reality, will remain.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** WHAT?! A-Are you serious?!

> 

> **Doctor Faith:** Unfortunately, yes. It is either they die, or they die and none of their loved ones will remember them. And your anomalous traits will continue to affect people. It isn't our preferred solution, but we have found there is no other choice.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** So all the doctors and nurses I've talked to? Th-They're dead?

> 

> **Doctor Faith:** If they aren't now, they will be. And this is where we come to your children. Valerie, I'm so sorry.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** (*SCP-7977 goes silent for a moment. After about ten seconds, it begins to laugh.*)

>  

> **Doctor Faith:** Valerie-

> 

> **SCP-7977:** No. No. NO! You're- you're telling me that first I'm the only one the remembers the love of my life, everyone that interacts with me has to die, and now... now my precious babies... because of me? This is all because of me?

> 

> **Doctor Faith:** Now that is a little harsh. But this is because of your anomaly, yes.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** And you...?

> 

> **Doctor Faith:** Yes. Unfortunately, my last day here is tomorrow.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** I-I never wanted to do this! I just wanted to be a writer! And a mother! A mother... you-you're not *actually* going to kill them, right? M-Maybe they're immune because they're my children?

> 

> **Doctor Faith:** We can't take that chance. I'm sorry.

> 

> **SCP-7977:** *(SCP-7977 puts a hand over its stomach before standing up. Suddenly, it lunges at Doctor Faith and begins to scream.)* You can't be serious you pyscho! Those are my babies! You can't kill them! You can't!

> 

> (*Doctors rush into the room, quickly sedating SCP-7977.)*

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-7977 was brought back to its containment cell.

</details>
 

**Addendum-3:** 

For the remainder of its pregnancy, SCP-7977 remained physically normal. However, SCP-7977's mental health steadily declined with each interaction, whereupon it was decided that interaction is to be minimized with SCP-7977. To ease the stress of delivery, SCP-7977 was sedated. Before sedation, SCP-7977 asked if it was allowed to name its children, which was granted. SCP-7977 chose the name 'Valentine' for SCP-7977-1, and 'George' for SCP-7977-2. SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 were delivered via C-Section. After their birth, they were brought to the Foundation infirmary where nursing and observation began.

As of 17/01/2000, testing switched focus from SCP-7977 to SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2. SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 were born healthy with no immediately observable health issues.

**Addendum-4:**

> The following addendum takes place over the course of several decades. Several years of logs have been removed for brevity. A full list is available on request.

Documentation of SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 are to be noted under this file.

<details>
<summary>SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 documentation logs</summary>

**08/02/2000:**

SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 retain the qualities of typical infants their age. It has been observed both have a large appetite. SCP-7977-1 appears comfortable with being left alone for long periods of time, while SCP-7977-2 requires more attention.

**12/07/2000:**

SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 remain growing at a steady, healthy, and normal pace. SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 have been under the consistent care of child care specialist Harmony Wrethers with no anomalous affects taking place as of current.

**17/01/2001:**

SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 both turned a year old. It was decided a small celebration with dessert would be held for the first birthday of SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 with the repeated caretakers that had been tasked with their care. No abnormal behavior was noted.

**15/08/2001:**

SCP-7977-2 has shown a change in behavior since the removal of Harmony Wrethers from the SCP-7977 project. Upon re-introducing Wrethers to SCP-7977-2, SCP-7977-2 cried significantly less. However, it was determined that SCP-7977-2 needed to be prevented from forming any connections with caretakers due to the nature of the possibly anomalous qualities it may possess.

**09/12/2002:**

It was initially believed SCP-7977-1 and/or SCP-7977-2 had began to show anomalous qualities on 08/12/2001 when SCP-7977's fictional works were reviewed and a character with the name of Researcher Karen Jones was discovered. However, Researcher Jones simply showed up to work late. Upon investigating and an interview with SCP-7977, researchers came to the conclusion this was someone else SCP-7977 had encountered that happened to have the same name as Researcher Jones. 

[Several years of logs have gone into the comprehensive list of SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 test logs due to little importance being found in them.]

**Video Log:**

---

**Date:** 04/04/2006

**Foreword:** The following video log is an observation of the daily behaviors of SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2.

---

**<Begin Log>**

---

*(SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 had just gotten back from class. Upon entering its containment cell, SCP-7977-1 runs over to its bed, and jumps onto it, grabbing a pink stuffed unicorn. SCP-7977-2 walks at a slower pace.)*

**SCP-7977-1:** That was cool! We learned about numbers today! 

**SCP-7977-2:** *(SCP-7977-2 makes it over to a beanbag chair in the corner, sitting down in it.)* Yes, I say that's cool. 

**SCP-7977-1:** I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to Molly!

**SCP-7977-2:** Your stuffed unicorn?

**SCP-7977-1:** Yes! She wasn't in class with us, so I'm telling her what we learned today.

**SCP-7977-2:** But I thought stuffed animals can't speak. They would have teach us that in school!

**SCP-7977-1:** Well if she can or not I don't know! Don't be a... a... I can't think of a word. Uh... meanie!

**SCP-7977-2:** I'm not being a meanie!

**SCP-7977-1:** Yes you are!

**SCP-7977-2:** Because unicorns can't talk?

**SCP-7977-1:** Yes! Come say sorry.

**SCP-7977-2:** Why?

**SCP-7977-1:** Cause! She'll be sad! Say sorry!

**SCP-7977-2:** Fine. I'm sorry Molly.

**SCP-7977-1:** No, come over here.

**SCP-7977-2:** Fine. *(SCP-7977-2 stands up, walking over to SCP-7977-1's bed. It sits down on the end, looking at the stuffed toy.)* I'm sorry Molly.

**SCP-7977-1:** Yay! She feels better now!

**SCP-7977-2:** *(SCP-7977-2 giggles.)* You're so silly. I don't get it.

**SCP-7977-1:** I don't get you either.

**SCP-7977-2:** Huh?

**SCP-7977-1:** You only ever want Mrs. Carol. You get sad when you're with someone else. I like people! So many friends!

**SCP-7977-2:** She is nice to me. I miss her. I think when I was a baby there was another nice lady. I don't remember her very well.

**SCP-7977-1:** Well of course you don't! You were a baby! But we're big now.

**SCP-7977-2:** I still feel small though.

**SCP-7977-1:** Only if you let yourself! Can we play now?

**SCP-7977-2:** *(SCP-7977-2 laughs.)* Sure! 

**<End Log>**

---

**Afterward:** SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 played for several hours before it was meal time. SCP-7977-2's comment alerted researchers to the fact that it still prefers to have the same caretaker as opposed to multiple. 

**19/02/2008:**

In a schooling session on 19/02/2010, SCP-7977-1 began to show a particular interest in writing. Due to the nature of SCP-7977's anomaly, Foundation staff are to monitor its writings and behaviors thoroughly and extensively.

**04/05/2010:**

While SCP-7977-1 shows interest in creative subjects such as writing and art, SCP-7977-2 has been found to find more interest in academic subjects such as mathematics and science. SCP-7977-1 is currently the priority in testing.

**Video Log:**

---

**Date:** 29/05/2010

**Foreword:** The following video shows SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 being observed in their containment cell.

---

**<Begin Log>**

---

**SCP-7977-1:** And today for the assignment, I wrote about marshmallow bunnies in a world of cupcakes! Since those are my favorite sweets! The bunnies were all friends with each other, and they lived in this big open world with lots of people and big houses and- Hey! Are you even listening?

*(SCP-7977-2 stares distantly at the wall.)*

**SCP-7977-1:** I knew it! I knew you weren't listening! *(SCP-7977-1 sticks its tongue out)*.

**SCP-7977-2:** *(SCP-7977-2 turns to look at SCP-7977-1.)* Sorry. I just noticed we haven't seen Mr. Gerald in a while.

**SCP-7977-1:** That's what this is about? Again? 

**SCP-7977-2:** Yeah. Sorry. Your story sounds great it's just... I miss him.

**SCP-7977-1:** Oh. I'm sorry. Do you want me to ask Ms. Garcia if I can read my story to you? She has it right now! It would totally make you feel better.

**SCP-7977-2:** I believe it would, yeah. That's what I wrote about.

**SCP-7977-1:** About my story?

**SCP-7977-2:** No, you dummy. I didn't know about your story. About all the people we don't see anymore. 

**SCP-7977-1:** Oh. I... I never really thought much of it you know. I always just thought it was normal. You know, a way to have new friends and family! But I never thought anything was missing like you seem to.

**SCP-7977-2:** What? Nothing is missing.

**SCP-7977-1:** But I thought-

**SCP-7977-2:** I said nothing is missing. I just miss having a familiar face is all.

**SCP-7977-1:** *(SCP-7977-1 Pauses.)* In my story, the bunnies have families they get to always stay with. 

**SCP-7977-2:** Really?

**SCP-7977-1:** Yeah. But the assignment is fiction. So I wrote something not realistic. But... now that I think about it a little bit...

**SCP-7977-2:** A little bit what?

**SCP-7977-1:** Maybe it could be?

**SCP-7977-2:** What? No! You're right that it's only fiction. I know I'm being not realistic. That is nice, but it isn't real life. This is.

**SCP-7977-1:** Is it?

**SCP-7977-2:** Yes.

**SCP-7977-1:** If you're sure. I trust you. But hey. You don't have to worry about all the caretakers not being here. You have me! And I'm what's important, right? *(SCP-7977-1 grins)*.

**SCP-7977-2:** *(SCP-7977-2 laughs.)* Yeah, you're right. Now you should read me that story.

**<End Log>**

---

**Afterward:** SCP-7977-1 called for Researcher Saria Garcia and requested for her to bring its story for SCP-7977-2 to read, which was granted. SCP-7977-1 read its story to SCP-7977-2.

**10/06/2011:**

Over the past year, SCP-7977-1 has continued to show a special interest in writing, particularly fictional pieces. While no personnel who have had repeated interactions with SCP-7977-1 have shown up in SCP-7977-1's fictional writings, it has still been determined for safety, repeated interactions with SCP-7977-1 will remain limited.

**01/05/2012:**

SCP-7977-1 has begun to question the normalcy of its environment, while SCP-7977-2 had brought up no such concerns. SCP-7977-1 has attempted to explain its feelings and concerns to SCP-7977-2 who does not share these concerns.

**05/09/2012:**

SCP-7977-1 has begun to produce writings reflecting its feelings of its environment. When it attempted to get SCP-7977-2 to read these writings, SCP-7977-2 expressed no interest.

**Video Log:**

---

**Date:** 27/07/2012

**Foreword:** The following video shows SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 being observed in their containment cell during meal time.

---

**<Begin Log>**

---

*(SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-1 are both sitting next to each other at the desk in their containment cell, both eating.)*

**SCP-7977-1:** *(SCP-7977-1 raises a cut piece of strawberry up to its mouth with its fork, but stops before putting the piece into its mouth.)* Hey George.

**SCP-7977-2:** Mhm?

**SCP-7977-1:** You remember like, a few years ago? 

**SCP-7977-2:** You're going to have to be more specific. *(SCP-7977 lifts a piece of chicken to its mouth, then begins to eat it.)*

**SCP-7977-1:** *You're* the one that didn't let me finish. 

**SCP-7977-2:** It didn't sound like you were going to say more.

**SCP-7977-1:** Well I was! Anyways! I remember you used to care more about the fact that we had consistent caretakers. But you don't really care anymore. Why?

**SCP-7977-2:** I don't know. I guess I just realized you were right.

**SCP-7977-1:** Right? About what?

**SCP-7977-2:** That what I wanted was fiction. In the real world, people are constantly replaced. I was being ridiculous.

**SCP-7977-1:** *(SCP-7977-1 puts its fork down, then pushes its plate away.)* What? No, you weren't. I realize I was the one being ridiculous. I mean... you're right. George, I've tried to tell you things are weird here, but you never listen. I've always dreamed of something greater than... this. And I want you to be part of it with me. Why don't you want that too?

**SCP-7977-2:** Because I was stupid for ever wanting anything different. I was trying to live in fiction. But this is reality. 

**SCP-7977-1:** You haven't noticed things are weird since then? I mean everyone in those stories we read... they have real parents. Haven't you realized we've never met our real mom or dad?

**SCP-7977-2:** Val, that's fiction. I doubt we even have one.

**SCP-7977-1:** What? Of course we do! That's how science works meathead! We've learned about reproduction! We have *got* to have real parents!

**SCP-7977-2:** Well if we do, I don't care to learn about them.

**SCP-7977-1:** Why?

**SCP-7977-2:** I really don't feel like getting into this. But the short answer, it's not worth it. 

**SCP-7977-1:** What? Of course it is! We could actually meet them! Learn where we came from!

**SCP-7977-2:** Valentine, this conversation is over.

**SCP-7977-1:** Fine. I want to get to dessert anyways. *(SCP-7977-1 sighs.)*

**<End Log>**

---

**Afterward:** SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 continued eating in silence. 

**Incident Log:**

---

**Foreword:** On 11/08/2014, SCP-7977 began to have a fight that quickly escalated. It was initially decided to only observe with no interference. The following is a video log of the incident.

---

**<Begin Log>**

---

*(SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 are in their containment cell. SCP-7977-2 is currently working on a puzzle, while SCP-7977-1 is currently writing.)*

**SCP-7977-1:** Hey George, can I ask you something?

**SCP-7977-2:** Is this going to be the same question you always ask?

**SCP-7977-1:** Maybe?

**SCP-7977-2:** *(Sighs.)* I told you Val, I'm not interested in having this conversation. You always try to get me to look at your writings and your notes, and I never care. 

**SCP-7977-1:** And I say that's not fair. Part of our assignment in class is to review each other's writings!

**SCP-7977-2:** These are your personal writings. They aren't for class. Therefore, not interested.

**SCP-7977-1:** Oh come on George. What's the problem?

**SCP-7977-2:** The problem is that you're trying to convince me there is something wrong with our life. I'm fine with our life. Why on earth would anything be off?

**SCP-7977-1:** Maybe if you just read it you'd understand! I know we've never known anything different, but doesn't something about all these strict rules seem off to you? No one in any stories we read lives like we do!

**SCP-7977-2:** That's because they're fiction-

**SCP-7977-1:** *Our lives* are like fiction! I don't understand how you don't see that! I've been trying to tell you this for years. *(SCP-7977-1 stands up, walking over to SCP-7977-2. It kneels on the ground next to SCP-7977-2.)* Honestly George. I think you're just trying to deny something you know is true. They're keeping us here, and there's got to be a reason. Do you think something is wrong with us?

**SCP-7977-2:** We didn't do anything wrong. Personally, I like the close quarters. We get lots of attention. 

**SCP-7977-1:** That's all you have to say? That's all you care about! That *you* get attention!

**SCP-7977-2:** It's not attention Valentine, it's feeling secure! So what if this isn't normal to be surrounded by doctors or whatever. Fine, it's a little weird. But I don't care. If they are keeping us here, I'm sure there is a reason.

**SCP-7977-1:** *(SCP-7977-1 stands up kicking the puzzle SCP-7977-2 was working on.)* Ugh! You're so annoying!

**SCP-7977-2:** Hey!

**SCP-7977-1:** What if I'm right?! We could get out of here and finally live *real* lives! We could tell everyone about what's happened to us! And to our real mom-

**SCP-7977-2:** Oh not this again. You always bring up our real parents. I'm sure they're both dead! *(SCP-7977-2 starts to clean up its puzzle.)*

**SCP-7977-1:** *(SCP-7977-1 Gasps.)* What is wrong with you!? You've just given up on having a normal life? 

**SCP-7977-2:** Pretty much, yeah. I'm telling you, Valentine, it's not worth it. I think you just want a good story to write.

**SCP-7977-1:** How *dare* you! *(SCP-7977-1 interrupts SCP-7977-2, starting to throw the puzzle pieces across the room.)*

**SCP-7977-2:** *(SCP-7977-2 shoves SCP-7977-1 to the floor.)* Valentine you're going crazy! Just stop, okay?! I don't want to deal with you! You know what? *(SCP-7977-2 runs over the SCP-7977-1's bed, grabbing its writing. It quickly tears them to pieces, throwing them to the floor.)*

**SCP-7977-1:** *(SCP-7977-1 screams, pushing itself up from the floor. It runs over to where the pieces of the writings had fallen on the floor, beginning to collect them.)* I can't believe you! You're such a jerk!

**SCP-7977-2:** Me?! I'm the jerk? It's you who has allowed yourself to go crazy! I just want to be a normal teenager! As normal as I can be without having to worry about the fact that my life isn't normal!

**SCP-7977-1:** *(SCP-7977-1 looks up at SCP-7977-2.)* We could. If you would just listen to me.

**SCP-7977-2:** *(SCP-7977-2 continues to pick up puzzle pieces from the floor.)* Just like I've told you for years, you're delusional if you think you're capable of stopping this. *(SCP-7977 walks over to its bed, sitting down.)*

*(SCP-7977-1 looks down at the torn sheets of paper, sighing.)*

**<End Log>**

---

**Afterward:** It was decided that SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 would be separated for a couple of days to allow them each to calm down. SCP-7977-1 expressing concern of the normalcy of its environment was not deemed a security threat. 

On 20/09/2016, SCP-7977 passed away at the age of 36 due to complications from 

Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy, a condition it had suffered for years. 

**Video Log:**

---

**Date:** 27/09/2016

**Foreword:** The following video shows SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 being observed in their containment cell. SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 had been distant from each other for approximately two years. Researchers noticed that SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 had finally begun to interact with each other more steadily again.

---

**<Begin Log>**

---

*(SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 were each on their beds, sitting in silence.)*

**SCP-7977-2:** Hey Val?

**SCP-7977-1:** Yeah?

**SCP-7977-2:** I'm sorry.

**SCP-7977-1:** Sorry, for what?

**SCP-7977-2:** For not believing you. About this. About all of this. You're right. I'm just trying to ignore the fact that I know things are weird.

**SCP-7977-1:** *(A small smile formed on SCP-7977-1's face.)* Really?

**SCP-7977-2:** Yes. I... I always really liked your stories of freedom. Of having a family. A real family. I never should've let my dreams of that be pushed away. In reality, none of these people really care about us though. So it isn't worth trying to form any connection.

**SCP-7977-1:** But if we got out-

**SCP-7977-2:** Valentine, I need you to give up on that dream. We're never going anywhere. Whatever they have us here for is serious. To be honest, I wish they'd just tell us. We've already figured it out. Or well, you did.

**SCP-7977-1:** If we can't get out, what's the point of any of this? 

**SCP-7977-2:** I'm not sure. But if there is one thing I know, it's that we don't need a real family. Because we already have one. I know it's corny, but we have each other. And we always will.

**SCP-7977-1:** *(SCP-7977-1 laughs.)* It is corny. It's corny as hell. But I suppose it's true.

**SCP-7977-2:** So... what now?

**SCP-7977-1:** Well for right now, we complete a puzzle!

**SCP-7977-2:** Don't you hate puzzles?

**SCP-7977-1:** Yes. But you don't! And families should do things together, right?

**SCP-7977-2:** *(SCP-7977-2 laughs.)* I suppose that's true. Now come on, I've got one with puppies. 

**SCP-7977-1:** Puppies!

**SCP-7977-2:** Gosh, you're such a child. I love it.

**<End Log>**

---

**Afterward:** SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 complete a puzzle together, talking the whole time.

**25/10/2018:**

Foundation researchers have been discussing the future of SCP-7977-1 the SCP-7977-2. Many researchers have determined that since no anomalous properties have taken place, it is unlikely they will.

</details>
 

After much discussion between researchers and Foundation staff, on 30/01/2019, it was decided that it would be too dangerous to release SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 due to the risk of them becoming anomalous later in life. Due to SCP-7977-1’s artistic interests, and SCP-7977-2’s academic expertise, it was determined that SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 would be delivered amnestics and mnestics and taken on as Foundation agents, starting as Junior Researchers. SCP-7977-1 would take on the identity of Nora Flates, while SCP-7977-2 would take on the identity of Zack Flates. SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2 will remain under Foundation supervision.

**Addendum-5-Letters:**

On 13/05/2022, SCP-7977-1 and SCP-7977-2, under the identities of Nora and Zack Flates, were asked to write letters to their past selves under the guise of a Junior Researcher assignment. The real reason was to see if the false memories were working as intended. The following is SCP-7977-1's letter.

Dear Past Nora,

If you were really reading this, you wouldn't believe me, but it's me! Future you! Can you believe they allowed us to do *this* as an assignment? I know, it didn't make much sense to me either. It's crazy life has led up to this point. When you were younger, you were more of a math whiz. Or well, you are. But now that's Zack's thing. Mom and Dad always told you you'd amount to something great. And you did. You may not feel like it now, but you're going to make it. You feel sad a lot. Because while you have a lot of friends, it's empty somehow. You're unsure how, it just is. But you have Zack. And now you're doing this together. He always thought he'd amount to nothing. Please tell him he's wrong. He needs to know he's wrong. So today, you get to work on writing SCP files. Or, I do. I did great on my last one. You always wanted to write when you were younger. 

Why... Why do I keep talking about all this? I'm not sure. I think I'd rather focus on now. So um... you focus on the past, and I'll focus on my life now. Sound good?

-Future Nora

<< [SCP-7976](SCP-7976) | SCP-7977 | [SCP-7978](SCP-7978) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
