.buttonsup:after{

content:"△";

font-size:120%;

}

.buttonsdown:after{

content:"▽";

font-size:120%;

}

.buttonsup:hover:after{

content:"△";

font-size:120%;

color:#d93a00;

cursor:pointer;

}

.buttonsdown:hover:after{

content:"▽";

font-size:120%;

color:#6a5cff;

cursor:pointer;

}

.reddit{

display:flex;

justify-content:flex-start;

align-items:center;

flex-direction:row;

font-size:14px;

}

.reddit p {

line-height:6px;

}

.roddit{

margin-right:0.75rem;

line-height:21px;

background:#eaedef;

border-radius:16px;

padding-left:5px;

padding-right:5px;

white-space: nowrap;

}

.roddit:hover{

background:#e2e7e9;

cursor:pointer;

}

.rooddit{

font-size:12px;

}

.ruddit{

margin-right:0.75rem;

line-height:21px;

border-radius:16px;

padding-left:5px;

padding-right:5px;

}

**Item #:** SCP-7925

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Ongoing containment of SCP-7925 is to be a joint effort between The Department of Theology, The Horizon Initiative, and SAPPHIRE. Instances of SCP-7925 are to be destroyed using standard applications of fungicides upon discovery. In order to decrease the number of instances of SCP-7925-A, existing married human couples of monotheistic faiths are to secretly be given various fertility enhancement drugs in order to decrease the odds of a male becoming infected with SCP-7925. ~~In addition, the curriculum of education systems around the world is to be altered with the goal to encourage Atheism, Agnosticism, or Skepticism.~~ Instances of SCP-7925-A are to be contained by the Department of Theology within standard humanoid containment cells at Site-45. Each cell must also contain at least one Experimental Randall/Yossarian Akiva Nullifier (ERYAN) or coated in 413 grams of [SCP-5993-1](SCP-5993).

**Description:** SCP-7925 refers to an anomalous species of parasitic fungus tentatively named *Massopora  luculentus*. It is capable of parasitizing human males. The conditions for SCP-7925 infection are as follows:

* The male must be married, either legally or spiritually to a female spouse.

* The male must not have any biological children.

* Both the male and the female must have the desire for children.

* Either the male or the female must have a pre-existing condition that limits or disables their reproductive functions.  i.e. Sexual Dysfunction, Impotence, or Infertility

* At least one of the two married individuals must be a devout practitioner of a monotheistic faith that is not recognized as a major denomination of Christianity.  List of qualifying faiths has proven to be exhaustive. SCP-7925-A instances have been born from practitioneers of Judaism, Islam, Zoroastrianism, Sikhism, Tengrism, Yazidism, Rastafarianism, Pastafarianism, [SCP-3380](SCP-3380), and various sub-sects of non-monotheistic religions that put weighted worship on singular deities such as McFarland Dianic Wiccanism. 

Should all the above conditions be met, SCP-7925 spores will begin to manifest in or around locations the male frequents, such as their home, their place of work, or their place of worship. Upon inhalation or ingestion of the spores, SCP-7925 will cause the infected male's primary sexual characteristics to gradually be replaced by a mushroom that superficially resembles the infected male's original genitals.

Attempts at human reproduction using SCP-7925 have a 100% chance of fertilization regardless of the usage of any form of birth control and whether or not the female partner is barren. The subsequent pregnancy will last for less than 3 months and will result in the birth of at least one instance of SCP-7925-A. Following the birth of the first instance of SCP-7925-A, the parents of SCP-7925-A will gain natalist tendencies and will attempt to reproduce at every possible opportunity. This will result in the birth of additional instances of SCP-7925-A. The current record for number of SCP-7925-A born through a single instance of SCP-7925 is ██.

**Addendum 7925-A Characteristics**

SCP-7925-A instances heavily resemble baseline humans in terms of physical appearance and genetic make-up. However, instances also universally possess a statistically significant amount of the following physical characteristics:

* Universal Vitiligo The complete loss of dark skin pigmentation.  or Albinism

* Brown hair regardless of genetics.

* Replacement of the central nervous system with mycorrhizal network.

* Wooden bones.

* Multiple sets of permanent teeth.

* Accelerated physical maturation.

* Decelerated senescence.

In addition, to the above physical characteristics, SCP-7925-A has displayed above average intelligence. Instances have been observed to memorize large volumes of information related to the humanities when provided the necessary resources, especially on the topics of art, language, philosophy, history, and religion. The only subjects that instances of SCP-7925-A appear to struggle with on average is STEM related materials, such as algebra, biology, and physics The exception being instances born from instances of SCP-3380.

Instances of SCP-7925-A are capable of reproduction, including reproduction with other instances of SCP-7925-A, although they prefer to mate with non-anomalous humans. When 2 instances of SCP-7925-A mate with each other, they are known to communicate and vocalize loud buzzing and chirping noises.

These couplings result in the birth of additional instances of SCP-7925-A with a 100% of each gestation resulting in the birth of more than one offspring at a time. The current record for greatest number of children born from two instances of SCP-7925-A is 7.

Instances of SCP-7925-A are frequently the center of anomalous activity during rituals and celebrations associated with the respective faith of each instance.

**Addendum 7925-2: Notable Incidents**

> 

> **Instance Name:** Jakob Sontag

> **Date:** (04-05-2013)

> **Religion:** Judaism

> **Ritual:** Brit MilahRitual circumcision of male infants.

> **Event:** During the ceremony the infant Jakob Sontag was sedated using Maple Sap. The Mohalim made the initial incision at the crown of Sontag's head and proceeded to vertically downwards across the infant's entire body. Upon completion of the incision, the Mohalim was able to flay the young Sontag's epidermis from the rest of his body. During the entire process Jakob made no signs of pain or acknowledgment to the process. Subsequently, Jakob's skin was consumed in the Seudat mitzvah. Celebratory meal following a Mitzvah. 

> **Effect:** Following this, all married couples without children present at the ceremony became plagued with infertility.

> 

> **Instance Name:** Balpreet Sigh

> **Date:** (05-31-2016)

> **Religion:** Sikhism

> **Ritual:** Antam Sanskar Funeral rites. 

> **Event:** During the cremation process, reports of singing, buzzing, and other vocalizations could be loudly heard from within the furnace as Balpreet was being cremated. Upon being cremated, Balpreet Sigh's kesh was found completely intact along with 15 *Chremistica ribhoi* eggs nestled in the braids. Sigh's ashes were poured into a nearby river.

> **Effect:** Within 30 days all Sikhs in attendance died of random unnatural occurrences. Within 24 hours of each death, one adult *Chremistica ribhoi* World Cup Cicada  emerged from the river and flew Westward at 15:00 hours local time. None of the specimens have yet to be captured.

> 

> **Instance Name:** Alice Melt

> **Date:** (07-31-2018)

> **Religion:** Eckankar

> **Ritual:** Marriage

> **Event:** After the exchange of vows Alice Melt and her husband, officiant, and guests began singing the sacred HU syllable. As they sang, the volume continued to increase to 160 decibels. Individuals in close proximity to the altar were affected by partial or total hearing loss.

> **Effect:** All those who heard the HU song, including those who were not present for the wedding were compelled to join in the vocalizations, increasing the song's effective audible range. Following the completion of the song, all vocalists would come to identify as random monotheistic religions different from the ones they had before they sang.

> 

> **Instance Name:** Yahya Khanandeh

> **Date:** (11-05-2021)

> **Religion:** Zoroastrianism

> **Ritual:** Navajote  Religious inducment ceremony. 

> **Event:** During the ceremony, Yahya Khanadeh's grandmother fashioned a kushti and sudreh Sacred girdle and undershirt worn by Zoroastrians  for Khanadeh to wear from the from the skin of a recently slaughtered lamb. During the Fravarane, Pledge of faith. Yahya uses sharp implements to pierce his hands, feet, and torso while drinking a mixture of lychee and pomegranate juice. Yahya subsequently entered the Atar, immolating himself. During which he uses his own blood and ash in place of KumkumaSpecial powder for religious purposes to mark the foreheads of those in attendance. Yahya emerges from the Atar having sustained major 3rd and 4th degree burns all over his body.

> **Effect:** All those in attendance afflicted by numerous rare diseases and grievous bodily harm. None of the afflicted have perished thus far. Subject have also experienced tremendous financial prosperity.

> 

> **Instance Name:** Terry Prince

> **Date:** (09-19-2022)

> **Religion:** Pastafarianism

> **Ritual:** International Talk Like a Pirate Day Religious holiday. 

> **Event:** [DATA EXPUNGED]

> **Effect:** Global average temperature permanently decreased by 3 degrees.

<details>
<summary>**LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE IS REQUIRED**</summary>

**PROPOSAL:** "Let's address the elephant in the room, SCP-7925 is clearly interrelated with [SCP-3004](SCP-3004) and [SCP-2852](SCP-2852). The teeth, the buzzing, the co-opting of non-anomalous religious practices, it is fairly obvious. The good news is that the existence of SCP-7925 means that it is unlikely that SCP-3004 usurped the Christain God as we may have initially suspected. The bad news is what happened is arguably worse. See for years, we have been trying to figure out some things about that Cétlaidí and their god that do not add up. The fact that not all [afterlives lead to the Imago](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/system:page-tags/tag/afterlife#pages). The existence of various objects and entities that match the description of [other](SCP-3940) [Biblical](dr-clef-s-proposal) [figures](SCP-1295). The fact that [there are not a bunch of Cétlaidí versions of them running around](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/system:page-tags/tag/cousin-johnny#pages). That Johnny would only usually only go after the Anglicans and the Catholics even though other similar Sects of Christianity exist.

Have you ever read *"The Life of Pi"*? In it, Pi starts out as a Hinduist. Then he becomes a Christain, and then a Muslim. He is somehow all 3 at the same time. There is also a part of it where he talks about Atheists. He says that Atheists have their own faith and religion different from Theists. He only has contempt for Agnostics.

Why? Because the thing that most beliefs and lack thereof have in common is that members are willing to move forward and act in life and find comfort and peace in death with their strong convictions. They can and will put all their hopes, faith, desires, sacrifice, and legacy into God, or Ahura Mazda, or Allah, or Jesus, or Kurt Godel, or logic, or humanity.

And that I think, is the true nature of the Cicada God's new existence. It did not become God, it became the ***concept*** of God. It became the thing that you can trust and believe in no matter what. The confidence that you can overcome all of life's challenges when the chips are down. The answers to the secrets of the universe. The simplest truth in spite of all the rest of the world's falsehoods. The reason you live and the place you go when you die. It just so happened that The Catholics and to a lesser extent the Anglicans embodied these "virtues" more than others.

This would also explain why, the Cétlaidí operated the way they did up until this point. Sending precision puncture holes of high Akiva Radiation into specific parts of our reality in the form of a bug god, a bug messiah, and a bug [bible](SCP-5349). All of them incarnated proxies of the main concepts of Christianity rather than a complete replacement of it in its entirety.

If my hypothesis is correct, then Protocol Damnatio ad Bestias will only slow it down at best. Whatever the actual Cétlaidí God has evolved into, it is gaining the ability to effect other aspects of our reality besides Christianity. Pretty soon we are going to have an entire swarm of Imagoes. We are going to need to take more extreme measures in order to permanently contain or neutralize the threat. We may need to initiate Protocol Proserpina while it is still viable.

@@     @@--({{O5-7}})

| FOR | AGAINST | ABSTAIN |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O5-1 |  |  |
| O5-2 |  |  |
| O5-3 |  |  |
| O5-4 |  |  |
| O5-5 |  |  |
|  | O5-6 |  |
|  |  | O5-7 |
|  | O5-8 |  |
| O5-9 |  |  |
|  | O5-10 |  |
| O5-11 |  |  |
| O5-12 |  |  |
|  | O5-13 |  |
| **Verdict** |
| = **##Green|APPROVED##** |
</details>

<< [SCP-7924](SCP-7924) | SCP-7925 | [SCP-7926](SCP-7926) >>

> **Filename:** mushroom

> **Name:** Mushroom

> **Author:** Luca Masters

> **License:** CC-BY-2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/lkbm/42051173/in/photolist-6yhct-4Gb2qr-hyLdnS-8EKYzH-8s3i9Q-2j1MJz7-NxgN4G-auVzn1-auVzbf-2sLVP4-5jsM91-piGYDC-sXD9-4Hwme-4Hwmc-5miGcP-Dhdn1-6Ciwvz-gGm63F-4QPVpN-47VAoL-ehWBAx-aPegV6-4Vv9uB-65DydU-5yM89N-9afzAz-8QRqku-4SVbGa-7aAatB-7mdEKR-7kFCxP-DKDoE-5VMKeC-8R61i-9QCKrB

> **Filename:** jakob_sontag

> **Name:** João Pedro - Albino Newborn

> **Author:** Felipe Fernandes Photography

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/9974d2b2-8747-4742-9c59-84559f8d665d?q=albino%20baby

> **Filename:** yahya_khanandeh

> **Name:** their mind, udwada

> **Author:** nevil zaveri

> **License:** CC-BY-2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/nevilzaveri/2315212581/

> **Filename:** terry_price

> **Name:** 2015 Hampton Blackbeard Pirate Festival Virginia Va. pirates reenactors interpreters character

> **Author:** Watts

> **License:** CC0

> **Source Link:** https://flickr.com/photos/watts_photos/18117789540/in/photolist-BuWZN8-tB1pBJ-T9PAH1-2mG4b43-2mkDdnh-2m1yhn9-2mzYWLP-2mtSauz-2mMDpNp-2mbG5HX-nbcCPE-2msAYHA-2metvN5-6CwGmo-2mayzoV-22g3rBf-FmTQCe-hEe8We-2mwCWnf-2mziRcY-2mrEZTd-2ms2B4v-2mdNC48-2msbxHR-2me2r2i-aUL4MH-72ATCz-72ATBV-Laxa36-HkFJJF/

> **Filename:** alice_melt

> **Name:** Tinted

> **Author:** Peter Hurford

> **License:** CC0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/peterhurford/8556187457/in/photolist-e35Grp-N9WbJL-osZRNM-mLqoZ8-8QYUKY-fm3mz2-HgNgrS-obvZSX-z5NRtx-osZKfX-obve9k-rUZXLi-eJANLE-osHkzQ-r7UAGS-hQ8FRu-93ykKr-onMyEU-LoPVWa-HK5arh-Dap2R5-oswA3w-DMrfgG-o8hBGE-opPj66-opyigQ-o8nikQ-o8n4pc-A3LFvy-o8hmPy-opxstj-obu8QL-opHoPU-osXGNU-obueZa-obibJx-onLJvN-fkWSQH-fm1Ani-oqX5o5-PooV8X-osY2V1-ayGJD6-MVDZ3r-opP6w8-orzDpv-scXpnM-osG5NM-osFQ8z-obt1Jz

> **Derivative of:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/peterhurford/8556187457/in/photolist-e35Grp-N9WbJL-osZRNM-mLqoZ8-8QYUKY-fm3mz2-HgNgrS-obvZSX-z5NRtx-osZKfX-obve9k-rUZXLi-eJANLE-osHkzQ-r7UAGS-hQ8FRu-93ykKr-onMyEU-LoPVWa-HK5arh-Dap2R5-oswA3w-DMrfgG-o8hBGE-opPj66-opyigQ-o8nikQ-o8n4pc-A3LFvy-o8hmPy-opxstj-obu8QL-opHoPU-osXGNU-obueZa-obibJx-onLJvN-fkWSQH-fm1Ani-oqX5o5-PooV8X-osY2V1-ayGJD6-MVDZ3r-opP6w8-orzDpv-scXpnM-osG5NM-osFQ8z-obt1Jz

> **Additional Notes:** Image was edited.

> **Filename:** balpreet_sign

> **Name:** Funeral pyre on the Ganges, Varanasi

> **Author:** CaptainOates

> **License:**  CC-BY-2.0

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/4b4b2c0a-b76b-4b9d-8f9a-c9039b27b0f5?q=funeral%20pyre
