.tact {

    border: 1px dashed;

    background-color:  #ffc2814f;

    background-position: center center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-size: 75%;

    padding: 1em;

    margin: .5em 0 .4em;

}

.raisa {

    border: 2px solid;

    background-color:  #f2f2c2;

   background-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/theme%3Aredtape/raisa_trans.png");

    background-position: center center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-size: 29rem;

    padding: 1px 15px;

    margin: .5em 0 .4em;

    box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, .2);

}

.normal {

    border: 1px dashed;

    background-color:  #bebebe;

    background-position: center center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-size: 75%;

    padding: 1em;

    margin: .5em 0 .4em;

}

---

---

@@@@

# **<<ATTENTION>>**

The following database entry is **Level 3/7638.** Any attempt to access this file without proper authorization will result in immediate disciplinary action.

### **You have been warned.**

@@ @@

@@ @@

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS, ARCHIVAL, AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

---

You are currently viewing an out-of-date file that has been digitally transcribed from its original documentation. As such, it contains incomplete, incorrect, or outdated information and terminology, and does not reflect current Foundation standards or procedures.

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

---

**Item designation number:** #114212AA-063

**Description of item:** Item is 10'6" tall, weights 171 lbs in total. Item is humanoid and possesses canid anatomical features such as; head resembling that of a coyote or jackal, a tail, short black fur covering its entire body, and claws. 

Age of the Item is unknown. Identity is suspected but not confirmed yet.

Item is largely unresponsive to external stimuli. Since its containment, the Item has spent all of his time in a state similar to hibernation or suspended animation. It is not dead however.

**Detail of current containment:** Item requires minimal containment measures. A normal sized room guarded by two security officers is sufficient to contain the entity.

**Report:** Item was inherited to the Foundation by the Inner Africa Expeditionary Society. According to documentation belonging to the Society, the Item was found during an expedition into the Pyramids of Giza and recovered in the same state as it currently is in now.

Outside of its appearance, the Item shows few abnormal properties. Item does not seem to age. Item does not seem to have physiological needs, and if it does, it does not need to satisfy them as it has made no attempt to eat or drink the food given to it by staff. 

**Appendix:** The current location of the Item is temporary. It is to be moved to ROAECC27 when construction of that facility is finalized.

---

**Item #:** SCP-7638

###952b00|**Level 3/7638**##

**Object Class:** Neutralized

###952b00|**Classified**##

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The remains of SCP-7638 are stored in the Low Security Artifact Storage section of Reliquary Area-27.

**Description:** SCP-7638 was the deific entity known as Anubis, a zoomorphic deity belonging to the Egyptian pantheon whose worship began around 3100 BC and ended in the 530s AD. SCP-7638 was believed to have been a Class-III reality bending entity and a skilled thaumaturge at its prime; however, this cannot be adequately verified due to its status as a Neutralized anomaly.

SCP-7638 was first discovered and contained by the Inner Africa Expeditionary Society (IAES), a Foundation precursor organization that was dedicated to the containment of anomalous artifacts and entities within the African continent, particularly in British colonies of the time.

SCP-7638, along with all other anomalies contained by the IAES, came into the possession of the Foundation on September 7th, 1901, following the dissolution and merger of the Society with 12 other anomalous management organizations which resulted in the formation of the modern-day SCP Foundation.

**Addendum-01:** On 02/12/1908, one week following its transferral to Reliquary Area-27,Formerly known as Religious Object And Entity Containment Complex 27. SCP-7638 awoke suddenly from its hibernation and a series of interviews were conducted with it by ex-director Vivianne August.

[[collapsible show="[+] Open Interview Log 1908/04/12." hide="[-] Close Log."]]

#### * {{**INTERVIEW LOG.**}}

---

{{****DATE:**** 04/12/1908}}

{{****INTERVIEWED:**** SCP-7638}}

{{****INTERVIEWER:**** Director Vivianne August}}

---

= {{**<Beginning of Log, 09:06>**}}

{{**Director August:** [In Egyptian] H-Hello, Am… am I speaking to—}}

{{[Director August is cut off by SCP-7638.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** [In English] I appreciate the effort, but it is better not to speak a language you do not fully grasp.}} 

{{**Director August:** Oh, you can— [She clears her throat.] Right, right, of course. Um, who... Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with, exactly?}}

{{[SCP-7638 remains silent for a moment before beginning to hum.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Your kind has bestowed upon me many titles and names over the centuries, but I believe that you may know me better as "Anubis". So for all intents and purposes, that is who I am.}}

{{**Director August:** That… well, that certainly clears up a few things, uh…}}

{{[Silence.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Is everything well, human?}}

{{**Director August:** No— Erh, I mean, Yes! I'm just... This is...}}

{{[Director August stutters before nervously chuckling.]}}

{{**Director August:** Lord, I'm sorry. I just… nothing really prepares you to speak with an actual deity. I'm just nervous, it's all.}}

{{[SCP-7638 laughs heartily.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Just like old times. You know? Whenever the others and I made an appearance among your kind, we would get the exact same reaction; even the mightiest Pharaohs would fall to their knees in awe and reverence. It is nice to know that some things have not changed even after all this time.}} 

{{[Silence.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** But... you need not worry, human. My time as a being worthy of worship ended long ago.}}

{{**Director August:** Do you mind if I ask why?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I do mind, but perhaps I will tell you another day.}}

{{**Director August:** ... Okay, then. Why did you wake up just now? You were unresponsive since you were found, until now that is.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** "Some of my brethren are here—what little remains of them, at least. I can faintly feel the remnants of their essences permeating through the walls of this prison of mine. I wanted to see if it wasn't my mind playing a dirty trick on me.}}

{{**Director August:** I suppose that makes sense. We—we do store quite a lot of artifacts, and other stuff down here, including things related to your pantheon.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** So you do. I must admit, you sure are an interesting bunch, trying to control that which your kind does not understand. A noble endeavor, but ultimately futile.}}

{{**Director August:** Yes, I've... heard that before, but, how do you know what our mission is?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** It is rather easy to pretend to be sleeping. Besides, I— }}

{{[SCP-7638 abruptly stops, coughing violently and gasping for breath. Director August stands up, approaches SCP-7638 and calls for security.]}}

{{**Director August:** Hey, hey, hey, what—what's wrong?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I-It takes... a lot to... I—}}

{{[SCP-7638 attempts to stand up but fails and almost falls to the floor. Its fall is prevented by Director August, who holds its body with her arms as security arrives.]}}

= {{**<End of Log, 09:14>**}}

---

{{****AFTERWORD:**** Following this incident, the Item was transported to the infirmary of the Complex by security personnel where it arrived unconscious but alive. All medical staff who treated SCP-7638 underwent memory-wiping procedures afterward.}}

[[collapsible show="[+] Open Interview Log 1908/04/19." hide="[-] Close Log."]]

#### * {{**INTERVIEW LOG.**}}

---

{{****DATE:**** 04/19/1908}}

{{****INTERVIEWED:**** SCP-7638}}

{{****INTERVIEWER:**** Director Vivianne August}}

{{****FOREWORD**:** This interview took place after SCP-7638 regained consciousness.}}

---

= {{**<Beginning of Log, 14:20>**}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Ah, you again.}}

{{**Director August:** Were you expecting someone else?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Perhaps. This place is rife with scholars, after all, is it not? One would assume that my chamber would be filled with people eager to ask me questions. Instead, it's just you.}}

{{**Director August:** Yes, well, this is a very important matter for the Foundation as a whole. My superiors can't just let anyone know you exist, let alone grant them access to speak with you.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Hmm, I suppose that makes sense, but I have the feeling your questions are more urgent than mine.}}

{{**Director August:** Yes, um… what exactly happened to you last time?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Did I scare you?}}

{{**Director August:** Scare me? You almost killed me! Do you have any idea how terrible it would have looked on my résumé if you had died and I was the only witness?}}

{{[SCP-7638 laughs.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I do suppose that it would not be a good look for you.}} 

{{[Silence. SCP-7638 sighs.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** The truth is, you could say that I am more dead than alive in my current state. It takes a lot of energy and concentration to ward off death for as long as I have, and there is something here making that more difficult.}}

{{**Director August:** Oh, right. There are a lot of defenses around here, especially the 'magical' kind. They must be interfering with... Whatever you're doing.}}

{{**SCP-7638:**  Ah, I see. It is no wonder that this place felt so strange to me then.}}

{{[Silence.]]}}

{{**Director August:** What happened? Who did… this to you?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** The same one who slaughtered the others and razed our land.}}

{{**Director August:** You mean...?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Something that is better left off for another day.}}

{{**Director August:** Sure. Then, what a—}}

{{[SCP-7638 coughs. Director August is about to call for security but is interrupted by SCP-7638.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I... It’s fine, I’m fine, I...}}

{{**Director August:** Are... are you sure?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Yes… yes. Do not worry. I won’t pass out again—at least not for now, I promise.}}

{{[Director August sighs and returns to her chair.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** As I said, a lot of energy and concentration, the latter of which is easily disrupted by your 'defenses'.}}

{{**Director August:** I… I imagine that must make it even harder without many worshippers.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Hmm? What do you mean?}}

{{**Director August:** You don't know? Sorry, I thought you were aware already, but you and your entire pantheon aren't worshipped nearly as much as you used to be, and—}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I do know that. I’m simply confused as to why you think it would be relevant to my current state.}}

{{**Director August:** Oh, uh... We, the Foundation, I mean, operates under the belief that gods and similar entities require worshippers to exist. So, with a limited number of worshippers, your power would be lesser than it used to be overall.}}

{{[Silence. SCP-7638 chuckles softly, his laughter gradually building to full-blown amusement over the course of several seconds.]}}

{{**Director August:** Did... Did I say something wrong?}}

{{[SCP-7638 does not respond and continues laughing for approximately 2 minutes and 31 seconds.]}}

{{**Director August:** ... You don't need worship to exist, do you?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** No, we do *not*! Where did such a ridiculous notion even come from?!}}

{{**Director August:** Decades of research and... And theories, by previous organizations.}}

{{[SCP-7638 laughs again.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Oh, your kind's grandiose sense of self-importance will always be amusing to me.}}

{{**Director August:** Right.}}

{{[Silence. SCP-7638 begins to laugh again.]}}

= {{**<End of Log, 14:29>**}}

[[collapsible show="[+] Open Interview Log 1908/05/06." hide="[-] Close Log."]]

#### * {{**INTERVIEW LOG.**}}

---

{{****DATE:**** 05/06/1908}}

{{****INTERVIEWED:**** SCP-7638}}

{{****INTERVIEWER:**** Director Vivianne August}}

---

= {{**<Beginning of Log, 07:53>**}}

{{**Director August:** Hello SC— erh, Anubis.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Hello, doctor. I hope you are doing well.}}

{{**Director August:** I am, thanks. You wanted to see me, right?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Correct. It has been a while since our last conversation after all.}}

{{**Director August:** Yeah, well, I have been very busy lately. You recontextualized... *a lot* of things, and that has been taking up most of my time lately.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Ah, I see. Well then, I will keep things short. You wish to know what happened to me—to us—do you not?}}

{{**Director August:** Oh, y-yes, of course!}}

{{[SCP-7638 begins to speak but is interrupted by Director August.]}}

{{**Director August:** Wait! I do have one question, if-if you don't mind.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I do not mind. Go ahead.}}

{{**Director August:** Right, um… why now, though? I mean, you dismissed my previous questions abou it, and now you're just… going to tell me? Just like that?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I know this seems sudden, but I have meditated enough, and I… I need to get this off my chest.}}

{{**Director August:** Sure, that's reasonable enough. You can begin when you're ready.}}

{{[Silence for 12 seconds.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** It all happened several millennia ago. I was tending the souls of the dead, guiding them to the *dwꜣt*Name given to the underworld in ancient Egyptian mythology. as was my duty. It was just another day. Everything was going well… until he appeared.}}

{{**Director August:** Who?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Oh, I am sure you are most familiar with him, doctor. You are a follower of his, after all.}}

{{[Silence.]}}

{{**Director August:** ...Yahweh?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Who else?}}

{{**Director August:** Oh… holy shit.}}

{{[SCP-7638 sighs.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** He began by plaguing our people, as I am sure you must already know. It's a famous story, after all.}}

{{**Director August:** Y-Yeah, the Exodus of the Hebrews from Egypt.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Of course, we attempted to retaliate—to defend our home and our followers—but… we failed. Laughably so. He slaughtered most of us, wounded others, like me, and then forced the few of us he did not finish off to watch as he ravished the people we protected.}}

{{[Silence.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Do you have any idea how it felt? To stand there, unable to do anything as hundreds beg you to save them?}}

{{**Director August:** No. I... I don't.}}

{{**SCP-7638:**  And I hope you never have to find out, for your sake. Regardless, after everything was said and done, he departed with his people and left us broken beyond repair. We tried to continue without the others, but it was never the same.}}

{{**Director August:** I'm sorry... If that's worth anything to you.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Do not be. It happened long ago, and in the end, we have only ourselves to blame.}}

= {{**<End of Log, 08: 04>**}}

**Addendum-02:** On February 12, 1928, the administration of Reliquary Area-27 received several complaints from personnel assigned to work in the High Value Containment Wing of the facility about a foul smell emanating from one of the containment chambers. Upon inspection of the wing, the corpse of SCP-7638 was found in its containment cell, undergoing an early stage of decomposition.

Immediately following the discovery, an autopsy was conducted on the corpse of SCP-7638. However, the autopsy yielded no results, and the cause of death was determined to be inconclusive.

Two days after the autopsy results, SCP-7638 Object Class was formally changed from Euclid to Neutralized per Classification Committee ruling.

@@ @@

= **END OF FILE.**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= {{.}}

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= {{.}}

@@ @@ 

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

##white|**Assigned Personnel Info**##

**Assigned Facility:** Secure Site-01

**Facility Director:** O5-1

**Research Lead:** N/A

**Assigned Task Force(s):** Alpha-1 ("Red Right Hand")

**Special Containment Procedures:** The containment and handling of SCP-7638-1 has been left strictly at the discretion of the Overseer Council.

Per O5 directive 7638-1-01, under no circumstances are personnel allowed to exit Site-01 with SCP-7638-1 in their possession, regardless of clearance level.

**Description:** SCP-7638-1 is an Ankh-shaped gold statue that measures 20 cm in height. Several Egyptian hieroglyphs and thaumaturgical symbols of unknown meaning and purpose are inscribed on its surface.

SCP-7638-1 continuously generates a thaumic field with a radius of 90 meters. Any individual who enters this field becomes incapable of undergoing the biological process known as death, rendering them effectively immortal, with some exceptions, such as:

* Immolation

* Severe and irreversible damage to the brain or other vital organs

* Major blood loss

SCP-7638-1 was created by SCP-7638 prior to its neutralization at the request of O5-11.

**Addendum 7638.1:** Relevant contextual information.

[[collapsible show="[+] Open Interview Log." hide="[-] Close Log."]]

#### * {{**INTERVIEW LOG.**}}

---

{{****DATE:**** 06/24/1916}}

{{****INTERVIEWED:**** SCP-7638}}

{{****INTERVIEWER:**** O5-11}}

---

= {{**<Beginning of Log.>**}}

{{**O5-11:** Good day, I hope you've enjoyed your stay here thus far.}}

{{[SCP-7638 does not respond.]}}

{{**O5-11:** Not very talkative with strangers, are you? That's fine. I'm not here to—}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Who are you?}}

{{**O5-11:** Straight to the point, I see. But if you're asking that, it means that you're not aware of my identity, and I'd like to keep it that way.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Hmph. How impertinent.}}

{{**O5-11:** I'm just being cautious. Names hold power after all, and I'm one of the people calling the shots around here.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Ah, you must be one of the 'superiors' the doctor mentioned, then.}}

{{**O5-11:** Precisely.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** And what do you want from me? I doubt that someone of your caliber is here just to talk to someone like me.}}

{{[O5-11 laughs.]}}

{{**O5-11:** Very perceptive, but you're right. I won't waste both of our time, so I'll just say it: You're a god of death, immortal, and we are very interested in knowing how you have achieved that.}}

{{[SCP-7638 sighs.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Of course, it always comes to that, does it not? Humans asking for eternity is something almost as old as I am.}}

{{**O5-11:** Can you really blame us? No one wants to reach the finish line of the race that is life, not even you, it seems.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I suppose that you are right, but what makes you think I have any interest in sharing it with you, who can't even share your own name?}}

{{**O5-11:** Because I came here with a proposition.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Oh, did you? What could you possibly have to interest me enough to accept helping you and your companions achieve immortality?}}

{{**O5-11:** Well, I can think of a few things really, but tell me, does the name *'jnpwt'* ring any bells?}}

{{[SCP-7638 is silent.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** What... What are you trying to get at?}}

{{**O5-11:** You miss her, don't you?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** What question is that? Of course I do. She... she was...}}

{{[Silence.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** *What* are you trying to get at? I will not repeat myself.}}

{{**O5-11:** We have her body. You want to see her, we want to be immortal, and I believe we can help each other out here. So, what do you say?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I...}}

{{[Silence for 15 seconds]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** ... I will do it. But I need certain materials, privacy, and time.}}

{{**O5-11:** Don't worry about that. Go ahead.}}

= {{**<End of Log.>**}}

[[collapsible show="[+] Overseer Council Meeting Excerpt." hide="[-] Close Excerpt."]]

#### * {{**O5 Council Meeting.**}}

---

{{**O5-5:**  Look, I'm not saying that you didn't handle the situation well, but did you have to be so reckless?}}

{{**O5-11:** Maybe not, but I got us what we wanted, didn't I?}}

{{**O5-8:** And in the process, you promised a god with unknown anomalous capabilities access to another god's remains—to do who knows what, jackass. For all we know, a little apocalypse could be brewing under that facility as a result.}}

{{**O5-11:** Cut me some slack—what the hell else could I have offered it? Besides, we've all read the interviews; it can barely go a few minutes without collapsing. It'll be fine.}}

{{**O5-7:** I'm still confused about why we're doing this. I thought 006 worked just fine.}}

{{**O5-1:** It does, but the fountain is not infallible. We can still be killed while under its effects and die of things like hunger. What 11 proposes is supposedly to fix those shortcomings.}}

{{**O5-11:** "Supposedly"? It hasn't eaten in ages and doesn't age, either. Whatever it's doing is far superior to 006.}}

{{**O5-6:** That is, if its immortality is doing that and not its physiology. It is still a god, after all.}}

{{**O5-11:** There's a lot of evidence suggesting that there's nothing special about its body outside of its appearance.}}

{{**O5-6:**"Evidence" is a weird way to say speculation.}}

{{**O5-11:** Come on, have a little faith, will you?}}

{{**O5-13:**  I hate to say this, but I have to side with 11. He got us here to begin with, and I think it's fair that we let him finish before casting any judgment.}}

{{**O5-11:** Thanks 13.}}

{{**O5-13:** That said, I hope I'm speaking on behalf of everyone here when I say that we won't help you fix your mess if something bad happens as a result of this.}}

{{**O5-11:** Sure. If worst comes to worst, I'll handle things myself.}}

**Addendum 7638.2:** Incident.

[[collapsible show="[+] Open Log." hide="[-] Close Log."]]

{{**O5-11:** You weren't lying when you said you needed time. It took you almost three months.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Things such as these require that time, human, specially so when I am... Like this.}}

{{**O5-11:** Of course. Now, what do you have for me?}}

{{[SCP-7638 pushes SCP-7638-1 forward on the table]}}

{{**O5-11:** Nice handiwork.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I believe that you're familiar with the shape.}}

{{**O5-11:** Yes, I did my research into your pantheon. It's an Ankh, a symbol that represents life.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** Correct. It's imperfect, but it works. Stay close to it and death shall be almost unknown to you.}}

{{**O5-11:** *Almost?*}}

{{**SCP-7638:** I… There is a part that I need to complete it, but I cannot obtain it without dying in the process. I did the best that I could with what I had.}}

{{[Silence.]}}

{{**O5-11:** Why didn’t you ask us for help?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** There is no man alive who knows the afterlife as well as I do. I am sure that your people are more than capable at what they do, but I do not trust you with this.}}

{{**O5-11:** I... See.}}

{{[Silence.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** If you'll excuse me, it is time for you to upheld your end of the deal.}}

{{**O5-11:** Huh? Oh, right. Give me a moment.}}

{{[O5-11 exits the interview room and returns 1 minute and 2 seconds later, accompanied by a member of MTF Alpha-1 carrying a cadaver trolley with a coffin on it.]}}

{{**O5-11:** Here, it's all yours.}}

{{[The Alpha-1 member moves the trolley toward SCP-7638 and opens the coffin, revealing its contents.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** What is this?}}

{{**O5-11:** Is there a problem?}}

{{**SCP-7638:** This—there is barely anything here!}}

{{**O5-11:** Oh, that. You see, Anubis, we made a deal: you gave us immortality, and in exchange, I’d let you see your wife’s bones. Unfortunately, you delivered something incomplete, and in turn, I’m giving you something that’s also incomplete.}}

{{**SCP-7638:** But it works! It is almost complete! There is very little difference between true immortality and this!}}

{{**O5-11:** But there is, and I was very clear. Pseudo-immortality or whatever you call it only gets you a skull and a few other bones, pal.}}

{{[Silence.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** You are a miserable man.}}

{{**O5-11:** I don't need your opinion.}}

{{[O5-11 takes SCP-7638-1 and walks to the exit of the containment chamber, accompanied by the Alpha-1 member. He is interrupted by SCP-7638 as he is about to step through the exit.]}}

{{**SCP-7638:** You better cling to life as long as you can, [*/scp-2718 because I swear that what awaits you afterward is worse than any earthly punishment you could possibly think of.]}}

{{**O5-11:** Don’t worry about me; I’m not planning on dying anytime soon. You have 15 minutes.}}

{{[O5-11 leaves the containment chamber.]}}

15 minutes following the conclusion of the above interaction, the corpse of SCP-7638 was found laying on the floor of the chamber, holding the skull of the deceased Egyptian deific entity Anput close to its chest cavity. 

All personnel working at Reliquary Area-27's High Value Containment Wing were amnesticized afterwards and a cover-up story was fabricated to conceal the circumstances of SCP-7638's neutralization.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7637](SCP-7637) | SCP-7638 | [SCP-7639](SCP-7639) >>

> **Filename:** File:Canis lupus 05 MWNH 358.jpg

> **Author:** Museum Wiesbaden

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Canis_lupus_05_MWNH_358.jpg)
