.info-container .collapsible-block-content > div:nth-child(1) > p {

    margin: 0.5em;

}

.info-container #u-author_block, .info-container .translation_block{

 display: none;

}

:root {

    --timeScale: 1.5;

    --timeDelay: 0.5s;

}

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=El+Messiri&display=swap');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Forum&display=swap');

:root {

    --pale-accent: 239, 192, 153;

    --bright-accent: 230, 222, 222;

    --medium-accent:  183, 160, 89;

    --dark-accent: 145, 105, 124;

    --alt-accent: 255, 246, 255;

~~header-gradient-color-bottom: var(~~medium-accent);

~~header-gradient-color-middle: var(~~dark-accent);

~~link-color: var(~~dark-accent);

~~tabs-bg: var(~~dark-accent);

~~rating-module-bottom-border-color: var(~~dark-accent);

--rating-module-button-plus-color: 55, 158, 179;

--rating-module-button-negative-color: 255, 126, 5;

--title-font: 'El Messiri', sans-serif;

--header-font: 'Forum', cursive;

~~logo-image: url(http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local~~files/byebyemanhubert/scp-ecumene-sigil.png);

--header-title: "The • Ecumenical • Archives";

--header-subtitle: "O c v l v m • P r o • O c v l o";

}

.Transcript{

    border:dotted 1px #000000;

    background:#cfcedc;

    width:90%;

    font-size: 18px;

    font-family: 'Forum';

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

    max-width: 600px;

}

.James{

    font-size: 18px;

    font-family: 'Forum';

}

.Hagi{

    border:dotted 1px #000000;

    background:#f5f0f0;

    width:95%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

    max-width: 600px;

}

.Verse{

    border:dotted 1px #000000;

    background:#fdf5e6;

    width:60%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    font-size: 18px;

    font-family: 'Forum';

    margin: 10px auto;

    max-width: 400px;

}

.info-container {

--barColour: #91697C;

}

, an actual crustacean

**Content Warning:** This article contains depictions of violence, body horror, and end-of-the-world scenarios.

]]

]

]

]

]

]

 

.risk-class::before, .disrupt-class::before {

    color: var(--white-monochrome) !important;

    font-family: var(--body-font) !important;

    font-size: 4px !important;

}

.anom-bar-container.severus .text-part .risk-class::before {

    content: "IV" !important;

}

.anom-bar-container.ifrit .text-part .disrupt-class::before {

    content: "III" !important;

}

**Sacrae Causā Prōcēdendae:** Until SCP #7511-I is captured, solo travelers should be dissuaded from making the Pilgrimage of Compostela. The length of the *Via Santiago* *The Way of Saint James Maximus*, the network of pilgrim routes leading from the Capital, through Gallia, to the Reliquary-Church of Santiago de Compstela.  is to be patrolled in perpetua by CTF Λ-IV ("Birdwatchers") with arms sufficient to suppress the daemon. Inquisitors should be wise not to confront SCP #7511-I, and should treat unsolved slayings in the region as missing persons.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=10

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=40%

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanunhowa/scp-saint-james.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP #7511•I

]]

**Description:** SCP #7511-I is an airborne daemonic entity targeting residents and travelers along the *Via Santiago*, Hispania Province. In its planar form, SCP #7511-I resembles a large oculus, iris green, multi-tendrilled, aloft on many black wings and full of eyes. 

SCP #7511-I is predatory, an anthropophagus man-eater.  despite not having any need for sustenance. The daemon is pyretic, and its body plan extends beyond tridimensional space. SCP #7511-I feels pain and may be repelled by applied force, but it cannot be wounded or made to bleed.

SCP #7511-I does not follow any particular pattern regarding its choice of victim. Its choice of territory is most simply due to the remote terrain and the high traffic of true believers. SCP #7511-I is observed, before slaying its victims, to take them to a redoubt in a depopulated montane zone ██ miles east of Roncesvalles, possibly a nest or an open portal to Infernus.  

##### Addendum #7511.I— Inquisitions

| Date | Slaying | Body |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 09/09/1954 | The head librarian of Galicia. | Never found. |
| 09/09/1954 | The Archbishop of Compostellana. | His head was found in his cathedra seat. |
| ██/██/████ | ███ ████ █████████ ██ ███ ███████, ███ ███ ██████ ███████. | Never found. |
| 19/02/1955 | A convent of Nuns and nurses from *Our Lady of the Bloody Corpus Christi Agonizingly Nailed to the Cross* Monastery, and the invalids in their care, Pamplona. | Some blood was found. |
| 13—18/03/1955 | Twelve students from the University of Santiago de Compostela. | Never found. |
| 12/06/1955 | Sixty laborers from an estate in Aragon. | Never found. |
| 21/10/1955 | Twenty Damned prisoners, and a cohort of ten Ecumenical vigilants. | The former, never found. The latter, found in parts. |
| 25/12/1955 | A baby from León. | Never found. |
<details>
<summary>LEVEL IV CLEARANCE REQUIRED</summary>

##### Addendum #7511.II— Saint James Maximus & the War in Heaven

From ***The International Martyrology as Compiled by the Synod of the Tridecimate***

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=10

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=35%

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanunhowa/scp-james-maximus.jpg

|add-caption=false

]]

Saint James MaximusAlso named Saint James the Elder, James son of Zebedee, Iacobus Maior, and Santiago of Compostela.   c. 5 B.C. - 44 annō Dominī, the Witness, the Martyr and the Apostle of Christ Jesus, the Patron Saint of equestrians, of pilgrims, of woodworkers, of medicine-makers, and of the true believers of Hispania, whose corpus once was held in the Reliquary-Church of Santiago de Compostela... who, on the eve before the Battle of Armagedōn, rode a flaming javelin down from Heaven to lend the world his spear. The Archangel James marched alongside the armies of Our Ecumene onto the shores of **[the Kingdom of Magog](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5674)**.

After the Antichrist was dispossessed of Palaestīna, the Archangel chased furiously the armies of Darkness from the heartland. He marched to the red gates of Tartarus in the mountains of Caucasia, but before James could lead our armies victorious into their capital, the Lord recalled him back to the sky in a clap of thunder. A long silence followed, after which a judgement was passed in Heaven. James was damned, for his fury, for his impropriety, and for abandoning his duties in the High Cosmos.

The Lord stripped James of his command, rebuked his image, and cast him back down to Earth. James, deprived of love, wandered in a body made of wrath until he found the Angel Metatron who had fallen before him. The two Destroying Angels, derelict in their duties, are left to prowl our God-given realm, serving as the Left and Right Marquis of the Serpent.

New Saints were made to replace him.

**Excursion Log #7511.I**

 **24/12/1955**

**Preface:** As a condition of her redemption, Damned #4064A A dissident of Atlantea.  was sent upon a penance march along the *Via Santiago*. Under the vigilance of CTF Λ-IV, the angels recorded—

---

**D #4064A**, obscured by the twilight, wind, and snow-haze, trudges through barrens of dirty snow on the outskirts of Roncesvalles, tailed by a retinue of armed Λ-IV equites Vigilants on horseback. .  

**D #4064A:** How much further?

**Λ-IV Kappa:** The next inn we see, we'll go inside. Put one foot in front of the other.

**D #4064A:** My toes are freezing off, man. Let me hitch onto your horse.

**Λ-IV Kappa:** If I could allow that, I might. But you know, as things go...

Kappa doesn't complete her sentence as she notices the wind and the falling snow stand still. An apparition sits above the clouds, growing larger.

**Λ-IV Kappa:** Lambda, at arms! Above the trees!

The equites train their ballistas at the sky and D #4064A leaps into the cover of a snowbank. A rush of heat parts the clouds and SCP-7511-I descends as a black, folding mass of feathers. The wings spread open as SCP #7511-I's primary oculus begins to scan the road. Snow melts wherever SCP #7511-I gazes upon it.

Without an order, Λ-IV vigilants shoot their bolts at the daemon, but do not damage it. Sheaves of beating black wings extend out from SCP #7511-I, shooting feathers as darts back at the vigilants. The feathers start to smolder, then all catch flame, causing men to scream and be thrown from their horses. Λ-IV Kappa fires a flaming signal for aerial support.

SCP #7511-I's many eyes locate D #4064A in the tumult. The primary pupil shines on her, all the while more wings and waves of tendrils grow out of SCP #7511-I. The snow in which D #4064A is caught turns to puddles.

**BE NOT AFRAID. JAMES BRINGS YOU GOOD NEWS.**

D #4064A does not immediately move to respond. As another volley of bolts bounces off of it, SCP #7511-I catches two vigilants between its wings and slays them with dozens of darts and talons. Its smoking wings form a canopy in front of D #4064A.

**YOU. KEZIA. DO YOU WANT GOOD NEWS?**

**D #4064A:** How ca— yes, I do!?

**KEZIA, JAMES WILL GIVE TO YOU A NEW WARRANTY IN THIS LIFE. HE SEES YOU AND YOUR HARD WORK. HE SEES YOUR TIRED FEET AND THE LOVE FOR LORD GOD THAT PUSHES THEM FORWARD. YOU DO NOT NEED TO GO ANY FURTHER. HE OFFERS YOU A BETTER WAY. A WAY LIKE HEAVEN.** 

**HE KNOWS OF A NEW EDEN, WHERE WE ARE WARM AND FULL AND ALL DAY WE SING FOR PRAISE TO THE ALMIGHTY, HOLY, HOLY, HOLY, WHO WAS AND IS AND IS TO COME. IF YOU WALK THE NEW WAY, YOU WILL BE ONE WITH US, WITHOUT WANT AND NEED.**

The canopy of coal-hot wings grows above and around D #4064A.

**D #4064A:** Why me!? Why do you want *me*? 

**JAMES WANTS NOTHING. SUCH IS DECIDED BY THE LORD.**

Interlocking rings of feathers with eyes set alight D #4064A's orange tunic. Her clothes burn away but her skin remains unblemished.

**LIKE YOUR WORLD, YOU WILL BE BURNING BUT FLOURISHING.**

The canopy of wings closes around D #4064A and disappears into the primary oculus.

---

**Conclusion:** After consuming Damned #4064A and the Ecumenical vigilants, SCP #7511-I additionally consumed the horses. The daemon flew east from the scene after the fleet of Λ-IV Aerial ballistas fired upon it.

</details>

<details>
<summary>LEVEL V CLEARANCE REQUIRED</summary>

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=10

|speed=500

|float=true

|align=right

|width=35%

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/byebyemanunhowa/scp-campostela.png

|add-caption=false

]]

##### Addendum #7511.III— SCP #7511-II

 SCP #7511-II is the former Pontifex of the Highest Synod, ⳩-XI, who on ██/██/19██ was declared missing upon leaving Compostellana along the *Via Santiago*.

⳩-XI was not on the pilgrimage at the time of their disappearance. Against the will of the Synod, ⳩-XI was seen riding into the depopulated zone to confer with the Marquis of the Serpent. It was initially believed that ⳩-XI was slain when they did not return.

On the 2^^nd^^ Christmas after the disappearance, a slate was left on the steps of the Reliquary-Church of Santiago de Compostela—

**TO MY FAMILY IN CHRIST— CHI (Xι-Pώ) RHO** — to **⳩**-XII for her Sofia— to ⳩-II for his Righteousness— to ⳩-I, for her Animus— to God my Foundation—This is my apologetic on behalf of Archangel James the Witness, the Martyr, the Warrior and the Apostle, who is not a detested fallen Angel. Whosoever slandered his name does not matter at this point, **ALL IS FORGIVEN**. We must all go to **NEW EDEN**. Rome will burn, **THE TEMPLE BE CLEANSED**. The fire **THE LORD** sent in Babylon through James will spread to ye Romans. **GOD NEVER CAST DOWN THE ARCHANGEL JAMES**. When the Archangel returned to Earth at Armagedon, he was displeased by Our Ecumene. **IT IS THE SAME ROME THAT MADE JAMES A MARTYR**. After the Battle of Armagedon, he returned to Heaven to  tell **THE LORD** of our crimes. **JAMES SAW ALL OF THEM**. After his work in Heaven was done, **THE LORD** told James to return to Earth so he could be here when the **SEVENTH SEAL** was broken. **JAMES SLAYED THE DEFILERS OF HIS RELIQUARY** when he arrived, and would have slain **JOHN ONCE KNOWN AS ⳩-XI** if he had not vowed to help James build **AN ARK**. I ask ye Romans to end your attempts to **MAKE JAMES A MARTYR AGAIN**. The Saint—Creator—Protector, says to **YE THAT FEAR THE ARCHANGEL**: gaze upon him in **NEW EDEN**, where he isn't a black bird but instead a  **PHOENIX MADE FROM RED LIGHT**. In **NEW EDEN**, when we are done working, **WE SING FOR PRAISE TO THE ALMIGHTY, HOLY, HOLY, HOLY, WHO WAS AND IS AND IS TO COME.** You must come at once and be chastised by those we once imprisoned and forsook. If you do not want to perish alone in **YOUR NEW BABYLON**, **YOU KNOW THE WAY**.

The area described in the slate, henceforth SCP #7511, cannot be reached by typical means of travel. Knowledge of the proximate location of SCP #7511 in the Pyrenees is insufficient; personnel must reach the area guided by SCP #7511-I or -II. 

SCP #7511 contains at least five score of missing persons declared dead. When new means of egress are made available to Our Ecumene, the bombardment of the daemons shall continue.

</details>

**Matthew 20:20-28**

]]

Then the mother of Zebedee's sons [James and John] came to Jesus with them and, kneeling down, asked a favor of him. 

She said, “Grant that one of these two sons of mine may sit at your right and the other at your left in your kingdom.”

“You don’t know what you are asking,” Jesus said to them. “You will indeed drink from my cup, but to sit at my right or left is not for me to grant. These places belong to those for whom they have been prepared by my Father.” When the ten heard about this, they were indignant with the two brothers. 

Jesus called them together and said, “You know that the rulers of the Gentiles lord it over them, and their high officials exercise authority over them. 

Not so with you. Instead, whoever wants to become great among you must be your servant, and whoever wants to be first must be your slave— just as the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many.”

<< [ SCP-7510](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7510) | SCP-7511 | [SCP-7512](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7512) >>

======

> **Filename:** scp-uncontained-icon.png

> **Name:** Uncontained.jpg

> **Author:** Unknown

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** [ SCP Foundation](*https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/dr-moned-s-icons-and-art/Uncontained.png )

======

> **Filename:** scp-saint-james.png

> **Name:** .Eye_eye.jpg

> **Author:** Jo Amelia Finlay

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Eye_eye.jpg )

> 

> **Name:**Grackletakesoff.jpg

> **Author:** KikoAKT01

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Grackletakesoff.jpg )

> 

> **Name:** Pinus_uncinata_-_forest_-_Flickr_-_S._Rae.jpg

> **Author:** S. Rae

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Pinus_uncinata_-_forest_-_Flickr_-_S._Rae.jpg )

> 

> **Name:** Common_Grackle._Quiscalus_quiscula_(38278711712).jpg

> **Author:** Gailhampshire

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Common_Grackle._Quiscalus_quiscula_(38278711712).jpg )

=====

> **Filename:** scp-saint-james.png

> **Name:** El_apóstol_Santiago_(Murillo).jpg

> **Author:** Bartolome Esteban Murillo 

> **License:**  Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:El_apóstol_Santiago_(Murillo).jpg )

=====

> **Filename:** scp-campostela.png

> **Name:** El_Camino_de_Santiago._La_cathédrale_de_Santiago._2019.jpg

> **Author:** Dr. Dobeaucoup

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:El_Camino_de_Santiago._La_cathédrale_de_Santiago._2019.jpg )

>
