=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-7648

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** With the cooperation of the Mongolian government, Site-7648 has been built above SCP-7648 and disguised as a government facility. Site-7648 conceals all access points and serves as a base of operations for all excavations and explorations of SCP-7648. Site-7648 is additionally used for the containment and study of several Safe- and Euclid-class anomalies, as well as other classified functions.

**Description:** SCP-7648 is a subterranean megastructure located in an uninhabited area of the Gobi desert, measuring 9.9km x 7.3km horizontally and extending 7.1km into the ground. It is an irregular network of stone tunnels surrounding SCP-7648-1, reinforced with a novel MoSiBTiC alloyAn alloy of molybdenum, silicon, and boron reinforced with titanium carbide. Variants of this alloy are used in ultrahigh temperature applications. in lower areas. Five shafts, labeled A through E, allow SCP-7648 to be accessed from the surface. No physical evidence pertaining to the structure's construction has been found.

SCP-7648-1 is an enormous incorporeal object composed of over two hundred opaque triangles, similar to a polygon mesh used in 3D modeling, that spans the entirety of SCP-7648. SCP-7648-1 does not interact with matter whatsoever; it can only be detected by its ability to reflect visible light. It is mostly composed of various shades of brown, though a large horizontal section (found via Access Point E) is noted to be mostly red, with some yellow. A full digital reconstruction of SCP-7648-1 is projected to be completed in 2027.

About 1.4% of SCP-7648 has been explored; apart from SCP-7648-1, it appears to be entirely empty, save for several scattered coconut shells. Analysis has shown that these coconuts were harvested in April of 2020, several months before SCP-7648's discovery in June of 2020. The structure's interior has been noted to smell strongly of peanuts, though no source for this scent has been found.

**Addendum:** On 2020-07-30, a representative of Nintendo Co. contacted the Foundation regarding SCP-7648. Nintendo demonstrated awareness of SCP-7648's existence and location, and requested that a team of its employees be allowed to access SCP-7648, offering 700 million yen (~6.5 million USD) as compensation. Due to [ ongoing difficulties](scp-8314 ) in the Foundation's relationship with Nintendo, this request has been denied. Nintendo has refused to disclose its motives in this matter.

<< [SCP-7647](SCP-7647) | SCP-7648 | [SCP-7649](SCP-7649) >>

> **Filename:** TOMB.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-7648/TOMB.png)

> **Additional Notes:** Uses Scale kilometres miles.svg (see below).

> **Name:** Scale kilometres miles.svg

> **Author:** Sémhur

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Scale_kilometres_miles.svg)

> **Filename:** shallowgrave.jpg

> **Name:** The Gobi Desert, Southeastern Mongolia 02

> **Author:** Thomas D. Fischer

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_Gobi_Desert,_Southeastern_Mongolia_02.JPG)
