[Want more?](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-moto-s-center-for-odd-occurrences)

**Item #:** SCP-7567

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the nature of SCP-7567-1, no extensive procedures are required. Anyone claiming to have been affected by SCP-7567-1 are to be discredited. Any objects found within SCP-7567-2 are to be contained on item-by-item bases. 

**Description:** SCP-7567 is the designation given to three anomalies situated on Mount Fuppushi, Hokkaido, Japan.

SCP-7567-1 refers to the forest surrounding SCP-7567-2. The forest has the ability to confuse a person's sense of direction, intentionally keeping anything away from SCP-7567-2. Any attempts to locate SCP-7567-2 without the proper guideCurrently, only SCP-6932 and Agent Halo are able to enter the area without assistance. or keystone results in the subject appearing at a randomly decided point on Mount Fuppushi. 

SCP-7567-2 refers to an eleventh-century style estate found at the center of SCP-7567-1. The estate itself is believed to be the main base of the former group of interest 'The YokaiAn antiquated Japanese term for spirits, demons, or other supernatural entities. Hunters'. SCP-7567-2 appears as it is thought to have been in the year 1100 CE when it was abandoned. 

It is believed that anything placed within SCP-7567-2 does not age. Whether this effect is similar to the one produced by [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6932 SCP-6932] is currently unknown. According to supplemental material, the effect was created by 'magicks' that originated from the leading council of the groupSee Addendum 7567-2.. 

Furthermore, contained within are numerous anomalous items, three hundred pieces of documentation, and a multitude of non-anomalous weapons and armor originating from 700 CE to 1100 CE. The study of these items is currently underway. This file will be updated accordingly. 

SCP-7567-3 is the humanoid that resides within SCP-7567-2. SCP-7567-3 is an Asian male approximately 1.8 meters in height with a pair of black wings resembling those found on *Corvus macrorhynchos*Large billed crow. SCP-7567-3 possesses the ability of flight. Furthermore, SCP-7567-3 claims to be trapped inside SCP-7567-2, stating that it would be terminated should it be removed from the premises. For this reason, SCP-7567-3 will be allowed to remain within SCP-7567-2 so long as it remains compliant with Foundation staff.

**Discovery:** SCP-7567 was brought to Foundation attention by SCP-6932 on 03/17/2030 after Foundation staff spoke of rumors surrounding an unknown anomaly attacking people on the Japanese island of Tsushima. The entity was identified as appearing human-like, with large feathered wings and a red-colored face complete with a nose measuring .3 meters.

SCP-6932 informed Agent Marcos HaloAgent Halo has spent a great deal of time around SCP-6932 of an anomalous location that contained a great deal of information on the former group of interest, 'The Yokai Hunters, ' and that there was likely information there that would help the Foundation's efforts. While the group disbanded around 1100 CE, it was determined that the information was still valuable. 

Two Foundation agents were dispatched to locate the area and gather information on SCP-7567 before a research team would be sent in to investigate further. Agent Halo was chosen due to his ties to SCP-6932; Agent Sarah Doom was chosen to accompany the pair in order to act as a neutral third party. SCP-6932 took the pair into its pocket dimension before reappearing in the forest surrounding Mount Fuppushi, JapanSCP-6932 was allowed to take this trip as a reward for good behavior. Agent Halo was tasked with keeping an eye on it.. When asked why SCP-6932 didn't take them directly to the anomaly, it only responded that it was incapable of doing so. It then leads the Agents deeper into the forest. 

After three hours of hiking, Agent Doom reported believing they were going in circles. When asked, SCP-6932 continued walking, stating that they had nearly arrived and would not elaborate further. It was noted that while nothing about the forest changed, SCP-6932's pace grew quicker. 

Agents Doom and Halo reported exiting into a clearing that held a well-maintained estate, now SCP-7567-2. The recordings made of SCP-7567-2 have been transcribed in Addendum 7567-1.

**Addendum 7567-1:** The following recording is the video logs captured by Agents Halo and Doom.

<details>
<summary>Open Halo Video Log 7567.1</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 03/19/2030

**NOTE:** Agent Halo's video has the better quality of the two and thus is used for any portion in which the two were together.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**10:43:** **Halo:** What's this? It looks old.

**10:43:** **Doom:** Why would I know? We just got here. Did you think about asking your friend there?

**10:44:** **Halo:** *<Halo sighs>* Fine... Sensei! What is this place?

**10:44:** **SCP-6932** This is the home of the Hunters. 

**10:44:** *<The video pans over the estate. Moss and vines are growing up the side of the building. A short wall encircles the area, and a small gateway is seen, which leads to a courtyard.>*

**10:46:** *<The pair enter the courtyard. Multiple weapons are sitting around what appears to be a training area. Doom is seen going to investigate, only to stop about a meter away.>*

**10:47:** **Halo:** Doom? What's up?

**10:48:** *<Doom turns, appearing confused.>*

**10:48:** **Doom:** These are far too sharp to be that old. These are either new, or something's taking care of them.

**10:48:** **Halo:** Weird. What do you think of this?

**10:49:** **SCP-6932:** Nothing can get here without a guide. Only they have the keystones to navigate the forest. Come. We should move on.

**10:51:** *<The group heads inside. The interior of the building seems unusually clean. SCP-6932 leads the agents further in, explaining a bit about the structure. There is a multitude of rooms. Something is knocked over in the distance. A nearly inaudible sound is heard though it can't be identified. >*

**10:57:** *<SCP-6932 brings them into a large room filled with files of varying sizes. It seats itself at the single desk in the room. Halo and Doom begin investigating. Noise can be heard from the right of the group. Doom goes to investigate.>*

**10:58:** *<Halo continues to look through the files, many of which appear to be journals. Nearly all of them are in the same ancient Japanese dialect.>*

**11:03:** **Halo:** Are these the records from the Hunters? There's so many of them.

**11:04:** **SCP-6932:** The Hunters protected this land for nearly four centuries. It is only natural that their records would reflect that. This is only the beginning.

**11:04:** *<Halo returns to the files, noting a few numbers thought to be various dates.*

---

[END LOG]

</details>

<details>
<summary>Open Doom Video Log 7567.1</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 03/19/2030

**NOTE:** Agent Doom's recording begins after the pair separate.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**10:58:** *<Doom rushes through the building. Her pistol is drawn. It is silent other than Doom's breathing.>*

**11:02:** *<A shadow disappears behind a corner. Doom follows it but finds nothing. Doom continues with her investigation.>*

**11:08:** *<Doom curses as she stumbles. Something dark briefly flashes across the video.>*

**11:10:** **Doom:** Where are you, you bastard! I know you're here!

**11:10:** *<A laugh is heard nearby. Footsteps sound from behind Doom.>*

**11:11:** *<Doom turns to confront the sounds. A tall man with black, bird-like wings is standing a meter away. Doom takes a step back, leveling her pistol at the entity. The entity only seems amused.>*

**11:12:** **Doom:** Who are you? How did you get here?

**11:12:** **Unknown:** So you're one of this age's Hunters. I had been wondering when Sensei would bring some. 

**11:13:** *<The video drops away from the entity for a moment. When it angles back, the man is gone. Doom returns to searching the building.>*

**11:17:** *<Laughter can be heard as Doom enters another room. Doom kicks at the floor. More laughter is heard.>*

**11:20:** *<Doom enters another section. The entity is standing in the hallway. It assumes an unknown stance. Doom is forced into an altercation in which she is quickly overwhelmed. A thud is heard as the camera is pointed to the ceiling. Doom is lifted and carried to the edge of the estate.     Doom is placed down, and the video records a slow crawl through the forest until Doom is spontaneously transported elsewhere.>*

---

[END LOG]

</details>

<details>
<summary>Open Halo Video Log 7567.2</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 03/19/2030

**NOTE:** Agent Halo is still looking through the records. 

[BEGIN LOG]

**11:25:** *<A sound is heard behind Halo. Halo turns to find nothing unusual.>*

**11:26:** **Halo:** Something's going on here. Doom shouldn't be gone for so long. 

**11:27:** *<SCP-6932 appears amused. It does not give Halo any answers.>*

**11:30:** *<A laugh is heard from nearby. Halo turns to find the winged entity standing behind him.>*

**11:32:** **Halo:** Hello there? Who are you?

**11:33:** **Unknown:** You're here for information, correct?

**11:33:** **Halo:** Uh, yeah? I mean, we got something terrorizing an island somewhere south of here. Sensei told us we could find information on it here.

**11:34:** *<The subject turns toward SCP-6932. Then it turns back to Halo.>*

**11:35:** **Unknown:** I'll give you the information you want, but you'll have to pass a simple test first. *<The man grins.>* It's simple, I assure you. 

**11:36:** *<The subject is seen getting into an unknown martial arts position. Three seconds pass before Halo is forced into an altercation. The next fifteen seconds are blurred, and the movement of limbs blocks the video.>* 

**11:38:** *<The camera is knocked away from Halo and lands on its side. Halo continues the altercation. The entity has the advantage.>*

**11:52:** *<Halo is forced to surrender. The subject leaves Halo and looks directly at the camera before picking it up. It examines the device before handing it back to Halo.>*

**11:53:** **Unknown:** You were looking for information then? What Yokai are you having trouble with?

**11:53:** **SCP-6932:** I believe it to be D-06. That is what you labeled him, yes?

**11:53:** *<The entity pales, then begins to rifle through the various documents. He pulls two books from the shelves and hands them to Halo.>*

**11:54:** **Unknown:** There is the information you seek. I assume you'll find it helpful?

**11:55:** **Halo:** Is there any other help you can give us? You seem pretty knowledgeable.

**11:55:** *<The entity vanished. The video lands on SCP-6932, who stands and motions for Halo to follow. The pair depart the estate, though Halo attempts to inquire about Doom. SCP-6932 states that it will search for her later. Halo does not argue.>*

---

[END LOG]

</details>

Both items collected by Agent Halo were sent for translation. Agent Doom was recovered thirty-six hours later in Tomakomai, Hokkaido, Japan. Agent Doom was mostly unharmed, aside from a few scratches obtained during her journey.

Due to the increase of dangerous anomalous entities related to The Yokai Hunters, MTF Shi-2 was formed. The twelve-person team was assigned to study with SCP-6932 in order to learn the key to accessing SCP-7567-2. 

SCP-6932 gave possession of its keystone to Agent Halo, stating that since he had passed, he would be allowed to enter SCP-7567-2 as he pleased. Agent Halo was assigned to act as a guide for MTF Shi-2.

**Addendum 7567-2:** 03/22/2030, the documents given to Agent Halo were translated. One was information pertaining to a creature labeled as D-06; the other appeared to be a journal. The journal was written by the presumed leader of The Yokai Hunters, SCP-7567-3. It appears to detail the decline of the group.  

<details>
<summary>Open Journal</summary>

> Everything I've worked towards for so long is falling from my grasp. Ishiyama's dead, my friend disappeared, and my hunters are falling apart. This was all because of that damned Oni. I knew sending Ishiyama was a risk, but she was the only one I could trust with the assignment. We needed information. 

> 

> Oh, Ishiyama. I should never have assigned you that mission. I know your father tried to stop you, and he probably blames himself. But it's my fault you're dead. I wouldn't be surprised if he refuses to forgive me, but even then... There's no excuse for what I've done to you. Nothing that can make this right. I miss you dearly already. 

> 

> Clearly, you held more sway over the Hunters than you thought. They looked to you to guide them in our latest exploits, even if you never believed it. My Hunters changed so much once you were one of them, and your loss seems to be more than they can take. Nearly all my scouts have resigned, and many of the others quit. You were invincible to them. Now that you're gone, they've grown scared. They fear what's out there just as they've grown to fear death. Just as your father was a pillar of strength to them, you held a role you never even knew about. 

> 

> I'll consider myself lucky if I ever see him again. My friend had warned me what would happen should Ishiyama die. He told me he wouldn't stand for it. He's raised many children throughout his extremely long life, but I don't think he's loved any of them quite as profoundly as Ishiyama. I saw it with my own eyes. Her death broke him. I'm not sure he will ever recover from that.

> 

> I'm sorry, My old friend. I should have done better. 

> I'm not sure what I should do. More and more of my Hunters leave every day. The danger is still out there, and more lives will be lost if I can't keep them together. Shiro and Midori agreed to stay; it's not like they have anywhere else to go. Shiro's home was ransacked, and Midori's only a child. I feel back for doing this to them. They shouldn't have to stay here and watch my dreams crumble. 

> 

> I asked Aoi to set some wards up. His magicks are strong enough to last for centuries, maybe even millennia. It's hard to tell, really. I don't care what happens to me; gods know I deserve my fate with what I've done. Even if I am to die here, I want to ensure our research remains. If the Hunters are no longer needed, then so be it. But there will always be malicious Yokai, and humanity needs to be prepared. 

> I've heard whispers recently of a new group forming. They call themselves warriors and claim to be held to a code of honor. If this is true, I'll send whatever scraps remain of my Hunters to join their ranks. Humans still need protection. My Hunters will be able to help these warriors if only to inform them of the threats they may face. 

> 

> Aoi has some Hunters making copies of some of our research. It should help whoever receives it. He's always been good at planning ahead, I'm just glad my work can be useful one final time. 

> Aoi finished placing his wards today. He's secured the forest around here, and the base will be safe from intruders. He told me he would set the wards when the last of my Hunters leave. Aoi explained that he still needed something to tie them to, something for the wards to focus on. I told him to connect them to me. 

> 

> He tried to argue with me. I know what I was asking. I don't intend to leave this place. I'm aware that I'll be trapped here by tying the wards to my life. It doesn't matter. An eternity of loneliness is a suitable punishment for everything I've done. Still, Aoi argued. He didn't want to do that to someone. 

> 

> I shut him down. This is my choice, my punishment for the sins I've committed. I doubt Aoi will understand this. I don't blame him, though. He's always been kind. I'll miss him when he leaves. 

> 

> I've asked that he take one of his keystones to my old friend should he see him. I'm grateful he agreed.  

> The last of my Hunters left today, and with them went the shattered remains of my dream. I've made sure to double-check everything. All of our weapons are in place. Every magick has been accounted for. Now we wait. Midori seems sad. I'm sure he misses everyone already. And Shiro? I'm pretty sure she's got a crush on me. Hmpft. When thi-

> I never got to finish my last entry. Aoi activated his wards while I was writing, and I passed out. Shiro found me and took care of me for the four days I was unconscious. I was told Midori tried to leave, but the forest kept returning him. We really are trapped here now. I don't mind. 

> 

> Hopefully, Aoi follows my last orders and takes the few remaining Hunters to those warriors. I can't tell what's happening outside this estate, the forest is too thick, and we're too far from any settlements. I've accepted that I won't see the rest of the world again, but those two are already growing restless. 

> 

> I should be able to go as far as the courtyard. Perhaps I could teach Midori swordplay? Shiro's a decent cook, but she hates housework more than anything. Since those two can go further than I, I think I'll send them to gather supplies. They've got to be getting hungry. 

> 

> Now that I think about it. I haven't eaten anything in nearly a week. I should be starving, but I haven't even so much as wanted a bite. I've been thirsty, but water is easy enough to get my hands on. It rains enough here that just setting out a few pots should collect enough to keep us alive. 

> 

> Still, I worry about those two. They only chose to stay out of a lack of anywhere else to go. I shouldn't force them to stay should they decide to leave. I won't blame them if they do. 

> Gods, it's been a while since I found this thing.

> 

> Midori vanished into the forest a time ago. He never came back. I can tell that Shiro's thinking the same thing. This place is taking its toll on her, suffocating as it is to live in the shadows of a once busy place. 

> 

> No matter. When she leaves, I'll deal with it then. For now, there are more important things to attend to.

> 

> I've been keeping this place clean. It takes several days to get through everything, but it's something to do. The weapons need to be cleaned and oiled, though I have no idea how I never seem to run out. My records need to be checked for damages and repaired. The estate needs a general cleaning every so often. 

> 

> It's not the life I once had, but it's something. 

> I am alone.

</details>

**Addendum 7567-3:** 03/23/2030. Half of the population of the Japanese island of Tsushima was terminated by D-06, and the majority of the infrastructure was destroyed. The deaths were covered up under the cover story of a deadly plague, and the island was quarantined. 

MTF Shi-2 was sent to gather more information from SCP-7567-3, accompanied by Agent Halo. The group was dropped at the same location as before by SCP-6932 before it stated that it would be waiting and vanished. 

Agent Halo led the group through the forest, stating that he felt he knew the path despite being completely lost the previous time. The group arrived at SCP-7567-2 in less than an hour and began to search for SCP-7567-3. 

<details>
<summary>Open Halo Video Log 7567.3</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 03/19/2030

**NOTE:** SCP-7567-2 appears nearly identical to the last visit. The only change is that the weapons in the courtyard have been moved. MTF Shi-2 Commander Bill Anders can be heard throughout the recording.  

[BEGIN LOG]

**13:32:** **Halo:** Alright, guys. Everyone stick together, and you'll be fine.

**13:32:** **Anders:** This is the place you found that bird man? What was this test you reported?

**13:33:** **Halo:** I'm not sure. I got my ass handed to me; then, I was given stuff and invited to leave. I think it had something to do with Sensei's teachings, though. That bird uses one of Sensei's secret styles.

**13:34:** *<The group enters the building. Upon entering the document storage, the winged entity from before appears. It greets Halo but expresses displeasure with the remaining group.>*

**13:35:** *<The man motions for Anders to step forward while assuming the same stance from Log 7567.2. The two enter an altercation for the next ten minutes before Anders surrenders. The entity then asks the next member to step forward and continues until all members have been tested.>*

**15:40:** **Unknown:** What did you come here for this time? I assume you already have the information I gave you.

**15:41:** **Halo:** Yeah, we do. The problem is we don't have anything to combat that thing. You've got a ton of things here. Surely one of them can help us?

**15:41:** **Unknown:** My friend must like you, or perhaps he's using you to replace what we lost? I'm surprised he let all of you in, though teaching has always been his weak point. So, you've come for something to help you? Hmm... Ah! I know!

  

**15:42:** *<Halo and Anders are led through the building while the rest of the team stays behind. The entity stops at a room before it raises a stone to a rune beside the door. The door opens.>*

**15:48:** **Unknown:** This isn't something we normally used. D series yokai are generally peaceful and sometimes even helpful. Did you happen to come across an aggressive one? Or perhaps something's affecting them? *<The man falls silent for a few moments.>* Tell me. Do you happen to know what they looked like? How long was their nose?

**15:49:** **Anders:** What? Why does that matter?

**15:49:** **Halo:** That's something you can identify them by? If I recall, I think the report stated it was something like this? *<Halo's arms move in front of the camera as he demonstrates. After regaining the video, the entity appears distraught.>*

**15:50:** **Unknown:** This is bad news... I think I have something that'll work. I won't stop you, not if Sensei trusts you. But know that the magick of this item is dangerous. I wouldn't even take it into the dojo. If it touches anything, it'll hurt him.

**15:51:** *<The subject turns to a row of weapons and stops in front of a wooden club. It raises the stone to the rune on the wall. The club falls to the ground. The subject picks it up and hands it to Halo.>*

**15:52:** **Unknown:** That can neutralize any magick that's been cast. Curses, magicks, even Sensei's dojo, it makes no difference. If I'm right, then it should solve your problem. If not, well, you can always use it to knock him out. 

**15:53:** **Anders:** Thanks. You seem nice enough for a bird man. You got a name or somethin'? Since my team and I have been assigned to clean up the messes related to this place, I'd like somethin' easier to call you.

**15:53:** **Unknown:** It's been a long time since anyone bothered... Last name I had was KuroBlack..

**16:00:** *<Halo and Anders rejoin the rest of the team. Halo motions for them to follow and begins leading the group back to the rendezvous point.>*

---

[END LOG]

</details>

**Addendum 7567-4:** On 03/24/2030, MTF Shi-2 encountered D-06 as it made its way into the northernmost parts of Tsushima. Commander Anders held the club they had received from SCP-7567-3 and ordered the team to pin D-06 in order to make an opening for Anders to act. 

It was reported that the information on D-06 was correct, as seismic activity in the area increased as the altercation began. D-06 was shot multiple times by members of the team but did not seem to react. Furthermore, it appeared to heal at an accelerated rate as it seemed to focus on moving toward the nearby town and only gave attention to the members that attempted to harm or block it. Commander Anders used the opportunity to get close to D-06, only to be knocked back as he went to swing at it. 

D-06 screeched, turning to face Commander Anders directly. Anders had reportedly sustained two broken ribs from the impact and was still recovering from the blow when D-06 reached him. Another member, Eric Bunnelbee, grabbed the club and swung at D-06. While the blow only seemed to daze the entity momentarily, the team reported seeing an odd purple haze coming off it after the blow. 

Bunnelbee was knocked away from D-06 once it recovered, dropping the club. Commander Anders retrieved the club once more, preparing to strike D-06 before it could reach him again. Anders was able to land a solid hit on the creature, releasing more of the purple haze from the entity. 

The team managed to land five more hits on the creature, sustaining a multitude of broken bones in the process. After the seventh hit, D-06 dropped to its knees and seemed confused. It asked Commander Anders where it was and why it was there. It then recognized the club, which was in the possession of another team member, and began to panic. 

D-06 eventually apologized for anything it may have done and thanked the team for freeing it before it rushed off. Commander Anders received a formal reprimand for allowing D-06 to escape, but no other action was taken. 

<< [SCP-7566](SCP-7566) | SCP-7567 | [SCP-7568](SCP-7568) >>
