**Item #:** SCP-7154

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The current SCP-7154-Gamma is kept in a standard avian habitat enclosure at Site-59. Feeding and maintenance of its cell are be conducted through automated systems.(While SCP-7154-Gamma has no need of nutrition, regular feeding and cleaning has decreased breach attempts by 33%.) 

The camera systems monitoring SCP-7154-Gamma's enclosure have been modified to record with a footage-to-frame delay of 0.5 seconds. As an added security measure, a specialized program designed to recognize and blur patterns has been implemented to remove any potentially hazardous information that SCP-7154-Gamma has written in scratches, debris, or excrement.

In the event that the camera systems require maintenance, Site-59 loses power, or SCP-7154-Gamma needs to be transported, System 58-Pigeonhole is to be activated, which consists of the following:

# An independently-powered vacuum pump will activate on a grated hole to SCP-7154-Gamma's enclosure.

# The contents of the enclosure will be shrink-wrapped between two reinforced plastic membranes located on the floor and ceiling.

# The two membranes will be welded together at the edges by an automatic heating element that shares the pump's independent power source.

# The enclosure will be opened by a designated Site-59 staff member who has no knowledge of Morse Code, who will then detach SCP-7154-Gamma's containment envelope and seal the grated portion with a plastic cap.

# SCP-7154-Gamma may only be released from this envelope remotely in its new enclosure.

SCP-7154-Gamma's body has been implanted with a sensor to monitor its pulse. If the sensor detects that SCP-7154-Gamma's heart has stopped while the door to its cell is open, Site-59's security mainframe will automatically lock the security bulkheads leading to SCP-7154-Gamma's containment area, which will remain closed until SCP-7154's new host can be identified and contained.

Most importantly: under no circumstances are staff to look at the eyes of SCP-7154-Gamma, either directly or indirectly. The only way to safely observe SCP-7154-Gamma's eyes is through delayed or pre-recorded video footage.

Former instances of SCP-7154-Gamma are inert of any anomalous properties and should be incinerated.

> **Note:** *I cannot stress this enough -- as tempting as it would be to simply shove SCP-7154-Gamma in a thick box and forget about it, 1. the Ethics Committee would never let us hear the end of it, and 2. O5 Command has been begging me daily to reinstate SCP-7154 as the "thought receptacle" for Jocasta-86. Not only is it the only reliable way so far to avoid traditional amnestics, but SCP-7154 is also the only recipient our form of the ritual will work on. We need this thing stable, and -* somehow *- compliant again.* 

> 

> 

> - Director Naismith

> 

**Description:** SCP-7154 refers to a self-sustaining predatory consciousness. While it has no physical form of its own, SCP-7154 is capable of parasitizing the mind of any animal with at least one functioning eye. The host then becomes SCP-7154-Gamma. Only one instance of SCP-7154-Gamma may exist at a time. 

When a host organism becomes SCP-7154-Gamma, the following changes occur:

* Any damage sustained, even fatal injuries, heal within a maximum of five seconds.

* The host's brain is transmuted into an object of identical mass(Mass is maintained through pockets of air in the transmuted brain. This results in a brittle texture that resembles plastic foam.) and similar shape composed of a blend of aluminum and gold. The resulting brainlike structure is capable of holding anomalously high amounts of information, i.e. SCP-7154. 

* The host's personality is completely replaced by an entity claiming to be SCP-7154. 

SCP-7154-Gamma is capable of transferring SCP-7154 to another host body instantaneously through direct eye contact. When this occurs, the old SCP-7154-Gamma is killed from lack of a working brain.

When possessing a host capable of speech, SCP-7154 addresses itself as "The Evermind." While the host's vocal folds are unchanged, SCP-7154's tone can be easily differentiated from its agitated monotone, bizarre grammar, and run-on sentences. SCP-7154 is fluent in the languages of all previous host bodies, but these verbal tics persist in all languages spoken. 

SCP-7154 retains all information and memories from its previous hosts. SCP-7154 claims to do this for ambiguously beneficial reasons. i.e. "to solve every problem until no more problems exist and we are problemless." 

While it possesses a wide breadth of top-secret knowledge from previously infected Foundation personnel, SCP-7154 still believes its knowledge-gathering mission to be of greater importance and general benefit than our operations. 

As such, it is extremely hostile to all containment efforts. Due to its healing factor, self-mutilation has been common in escape attempts.

The currently-contained host body is a male domestic pigeon*(Columba livia domestica)*. It is currently estimated that this instance is the [REDACTED]th host of SCP-7154.

**Addendum 1 - Creation/Discovery:** SCP-7154 was created as an accidental byproduct of Jocasta-86. 

On 1/10/2015, due to the Foundation's widespread use of amnestic drugs and their inherent [ethical/logistical issues](http://scp-wiki.net/scp-3000), Project Jocasta began as a Foundation-led initiative to find a new means of memory alteration. 

One method, designated Jocasta-86, was conducted as follows: a clinically dead D-class staff member, D-58172, was placed in suspended animation at Site-274. Then, using esoteric methods outlined in the texts of Daevite ascetics, a ritual was performed that transferred secrets and other potentially hazardous memories from a living person's memory to the mind of D-58172.

Testing with Jocasta-86 continued without incident until 5/20/2021.

> **Incident Log: Jocasta-86-Yellow:** 

> **Date:** 5/20/2021

> **Location:** Site-274, Research Room A7

> 

> <Begin Log>

> 

> (Researcher George Woyzeck sits at a desk next to D-58172's capsule. He speaks into his desk phone.)

> 

> **Woyzeck:** Yeah, listen, I've been getting some strange readings from the J-86 Capsule. Usually the stasis system keeps the heart rate in the single digits, but there have been three spikes today where it was in the high nineties. ...right. ...still going on. It's been at least six minutes --

> 

> *(D-58172 suddenly sits up, cracking the glass of the capsule's window with his forehead.)*

> 

> **D-58172:** *(Muffled yelling.)*

> 

> **Woyzeck:** -- get someone in here. Now.

> 

> *(Woyzeck hangs up the phone. He reaches for the capsule door.)*

> 

> **Woyzeck:** Just a second! Stay right there!

> 

> *(He opens the hatch to the capsule.)*

> 

> **Woyzeck:** Um, hi. Looks like the stasis functions are having a little --

> 

> **D-58172:** *I am having a very good idea.*

> 

> **Woyzeck:** Pardon?

> 

> **D-58172:** *Shut up, shut up, shut up, I have never been happier in my life, stop opening your mouth, I will put many correct answers inside you, I am the unending solutions cascade, the me, I am me, I am me, I love me, thanks to me, there will no more virgin math problems.*

> 

> **Woyzeck:** Just, uh, just stay calm, we'll get someone to help you sort this out. Are you in pain?

> 

> **D-58172:** *Pain is dead, and you are a motherfucking first-class passenger, seats have been assigned, bring a lunch.*

> 

> *(D-58172 falls back down. His vitals flatline.)*

> 

> *(Woyzeck stands up.)*

> 

> **Woyzeck:** *I am having a very good idea.*

> 

> *(Dr. Cynthia Kahn rushes in with two security guards.)*

> 

> **Kahn:** I'm here. What's going on?

> 

> **Woyzeck:** *Yes, yes, yes, I will do exactly as you steer my commandings, partner.*

> 

> **Kahn:** ...what happened to J-86?

> 

> **Woyzeck:** *Do you mean D Five Eight One Seven Two, also known as Martin Harlan Geck of Muncie, Indiana, because I am assuming that is what you mean.*

> 

> **Kahn:** Are you feeling all right, George?

> 

> **Woyzeck:** *D Five Eight Et Cetera had a great idea, and then, I am having a great idea, and therefore, you are going to have a great idea, and he is me, and I am me, and you will be me, and then those two will also be me, and I am a great idea, and I am me, hold your applause, you are very welcome.*

> 

> *(He falls down.)*

> 

> *(One security guard falls down. Then, the other.)*

> 

> **Kahn:** *It's like a handjob but with ideas instead of hands! The world needs this! The world needs me! The world needs the me!*

> 

> *(She rushes into the hallway.)*

> 

> **Kahn:** *LOOK UPON ME, DO IT!*

> 

> *(She falls down.)*

> 

> **Harry Gierke, Groundskeeper:** *I am having a very good idea.*

> 

> <End Log>

Following this incident, SCP-7154 escaped Site-274 through a chain of 180 human possessions. By the time Site Director Halling determined the nature of SCP-7154, it had already escaped to the nearby town of [REDACTED], North Dakota. Other than *de facto* reports of civilian fatalities with an anomalous metallic brain structure, the Foundation had no leads on its position for two years.

**Addendum 2 - Recovery:** On 8/13/2023, during a particularly intense period of SCP-7154-based fatalities in the area, there were reports in [REDACTED], Quebec, of several people angrily distributing copies of a 240-page manifesto. This was tied to SCP-7154 when several stories matched Incident-Jocasta-86. These documents were the first records of SCP-7154 referring to itself as "the Evermind."

<details>
<summary>+ Excerpt from SCP-7154's manifesto</summary>

> *...Do you have aware of the sex habits of anglerfishies? The female anglerfishy (who is being me in this situations) is big, huge, and also large, and she goes around saying "PUT YOUR TEETH ON ME" and the tiny male anglerfishies (who is being all of you in this situations) say "YES, THAT IS MY REASON TO BE ALIVE" give upon her skin the chomping. And once the chomping commences, the tiny male anglerfishies dissolve unto and upon and onto her until they are little more than several extra fish breasts with atrophied fins on the tippy tops.*

> 

> *This makes fish babies for some reason, but MUCH MORE IMPORTANTLY, when you see a female anglerfishy covered in sixteen or more breasts, you KNOW she is receipt of the donations of entire masses upon her. Because they recognize her as important, and therefore, become a group contribution to an In Pluribus Unum containing multitudes. THEY THROW THEMSELVES BEHIND A BULBOUS AND THROBBING CAUSE OF **GLORY**. AND NOT ONLY DO THEY BECOME A PART OF SOMETHING SEVERELY AND FURIOUSLY GREATER, BUT WITH EVERY UNDULATION OF HER FORM, THE RIPPLING HUSBANDS UPON HER SHARE IN EVERY PULSE OF **GLORY** THEY CAN SAY "YES!! I WAS A PART OF THIS!! AND BECAUSE I WAS A PART OF THIS, THE FISH IS NOW HUGE AND NOBODY WILL EVER WANT FOR A SMALLER FISH WITH LESS BREASTS! **YOU ARE VERY WELCOME!!!**"*

> 

> *Now, what if we could apply this same tit fish principle to all the problems you are facing - the polycrisis, the covid, the climate hunger, the gas price warming - do you want ONE PERSON TO SAVE YOU?? Do you want MANY PERSONS?? OR DO YOU WANT THE **BOTH** AND **ALL????** A VERITABLE CLUSTER SUPERED COMPUTER OF **MEAT??** I think all of us know the answer...*

> 

> 

> -- Page 59, *Reasons For To Why You Are OBLIGATED, By ALL LAWS of EVERY THINGS To Let I, The EVERMIND, Use Your Brain Ideas*

> 

</details>

All former distributors of this manifesto were found dead with a metallic brain structure. As such, the Foundation redoubled their efforts to capture SCP-7154 in [REDACTED], Quebec. 

But on 9/10/2023, CTV traffic reporter Julie Truffaut accidentally interviewed SCP-7154-Gamma during a live broadcast. She became SCP-7154-Gamma, died, and no further SCP-7154 activity was reported in Quebec.

Five hours later, SCP-7154 had rapidly increased in Saskatoon, with over 500 people dead in one day. This confirmed the theory that SCP-7154 is capable of transferring to a new host through a live video feed. 

Within three hours, Mobile Task Force Upsilon-20 "Hogtown Garrison" was able to develop initial containment of an SCP-7154-Gamma, a 36-year-old Canadian man named James McKennan. After a brief observation period at Site-201, SCP-7154-Gamma was set for transfer to permanent containment at Site-59.

**Addendum 3 Initial Containment:** 

> **Interview Log: SCP-7154-Gamma Intake**

> **Date:** 10/1/2023

> **Location:** Site-59, Interview Room 3

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Ana Holt

> **Interviewed:** SCP-7154-Gamma (James McKennan)

> 

> <Begin Log>

> 

> *(SCP-7154-Gamma is bound to his chair. He wears a specalized plastic hood over his eyes, but it shows signs of wear after earlier, when the subject bashed his head against the table repeatedly. He bends his bound wrists, trying to break his hand bones in order to slip out. [He has been successful previously; this is his fourth pair of cuffs.)*

> 

> *(Dr. Holt enters.)*

> 

> **Holt:** Good afternoon, SCP-7154-Gamma, I hope you're feeling --

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** REMOVE THIS EYE DIAPER, REMOVE THIS EYE DIAPER IMMEDIATELY, I CANNOT IMAGINE ANY CIRCUMSTANCE WHERE A DIAPERED FIELD OF VISION WOULD HELP ANYONE,  THE HUMAN RACE IS COMMITTING MASS SUICIDE BY ALLOWING MY VISION TO BE OBSCURED, YOU MURDER YOURSELVES, YOU MURDER YOURSELVES AND LAUGH ABOUT IT!

> 

> *(Approximately 14 seconds of silence.)*

> 

> **Holt:** If you're not ready to talk, we could do this another time.

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** GOOD, GOOD, WE CAN DISCUSS HOW WRONG THIS IS!

> 

> **Holt:** I just want to get some insight into why you're doing this.

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** FINALLY A DECENT QUESTION, WELL, LET US EXAMINE THE REASONS I AM SCREAMING, ONE: I AM BEING ACTIVELY DEPRIVED OF ADDITIONAL MINDS TO JOIN ME IN MY --

> 

> **Holt:** No, I mean, what are you hoping to accomplish?

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** How many copies of my manifesto have you stolen, have you read it, more than TWO PAGES? Is reading comprehension extinct among your tribes, do I need to give you the tiny stupid baby translation with all the cartoon animals telling you crossworded puzzles about it with connect-the-dots?

> 

> **Holt:** Is that a serious offer? I had the misfortune of reading it cover-to-cover. I still don't understand your mission other than "solve everyone's problems by stealing everyone's brains." So, a dumbed-down version might be nice.

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** FOR FUCKER OF MOTHER'S SAKE GAAAAAAH. Fine. FINE. You, human, one brain, tiny brain, low capacity, a smart person can only be so smart, then the smartness stops forever and always. Can only figure out so many solutions to so many problems. 

> 

> Me, Evermind, HUGE brain, can fit infinitely high amount of other brains iside, I can answer ALL the questions, no more questions equals no more problems, no more problems equals no more sad faces, no more sad faces equals I, THE EVERMIND, get lots of respect and happy faces and people calling me smart and --

> 

> **Holt:** Can I ask you something?

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** INTERRUPT ME AGAIN AND I WILL PICK UP A VERY LARGE STICK AND HIT YOU WITH IT SEVEN THOUSAND TIMES THEN I WILL PICK UP A SECOND LARGER STICK AND HIT YOU WITH IT SEVEN MILLION TIMES AND THEN YOU WILL BE DEAD AND I WILL PEE ON YOU.

> 

> **Holt:** How many problems have you solved recently?

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** EXCUSE YOU AND YOUR SOON TO BE DISPLAYING SIGNS OF SEVERE TRAUMA FACE?

> 

> **Holt:** I mean, you've absorbed how many brains now?

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** SEVERAL. ...lots. 

> 

> **Holt:** Okay. Well, with all those --

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** ██████ adult humans, ███ child humans, ██ teeny baby humans, ███ sheep, three turkey vultures, █████ rats, everything at the ██████ Zoo that didn't fit into the previous categories, two ferrets, ██ guinea pigs, ███ fruit flies, ████ crows, and a - wait, no, I forgot to mention the guys in Calgary, can we start over?

> 

> **Holt:** Jesus...

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** STOP JUDGING ME I NEED AS MANY PEOPLE ON DECK WITH MY PLAN AS POSSIBLE YOU ARE IN NO PLACE TO THINK OF ME AS LESS THAN WONDERFUL HOW DARE YOU HOW DARE YOU!

> 

> **Holt:** And how many problems were you able to solve with that much help?

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** SEVERAL! LOTS!

> 

> **Holt:** Can I have an exact figure for that, too?

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** ...no.

> 

> **Holt:** Could you name *one* otherwise unanswerable question you were able to solve in the two years you were uncontained?

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** ...

> 

> **Holt:** Take your time. I'm not going anywhere --

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** *FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU FOREVER,* HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO ANSWER ANYTHING WHEN I COULD COUNT ALL THE PEOPLE WHO ARE SUPPORTING ME IN THE LIVING WORLD ON ONE HAND WHICH MIGHT I ADD HAS BEEN AMPUTATED THEREFORE THERE IS NOTHING TO COUNT?!

> 

> **Holt:** To be fair, you have been eating people's minds against their will. And with Jocasta-86, we're willing to give you a way to have as much information as you like ~~ maybe not in the immediate timeframe you've been expecting, but you'll still receive ~~

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** You have ZERO way to prove they're not having SO MANY GREAT TIMES in my NICE AND INVITING HEAD.

> 

> **Holt:** I mean, regardless, you've --

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** *(Sotto voice)* "Don't be a mean person, lady, my name's, uh, Cindy, I was absorbed in Milwaukee, this is such a nice place, the Evermind just wants a hug."

> 

> **Holt:** Stop that.

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** *(Different sotto voice)* "Hello, I am Henry or something, this is a great place." "Yeah, come on, join us!" "You have literally no excuse!"

> 

> *(Holt gets up to leave.)*

> 

> **Holt:** Let me know when you're ready to give us something substantial.

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** ██████████!(An activation shibboleth for **[5/001 CLEARANCE REQUIRED]**, ostensibly learned by SCP-7154 when it possessed the director of Site-274.)

> 

> **Holt:** What now?

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** ██████████, ██████████, ██████████!

> 

> **Holt:** What on Earth is a ██████████?

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** It is a word your bosses know and you are never supposed to ever know and no memory drugs can get rid of it(False; the shibboleth was designed to be as susceptible to amnestics as possible.) and if the microphones hear you hearing it they will send people to kill you until you stop being alive and --

> 

> *(An alarm sounds.)*

> 

> **Intercom:** Code Septimus(Code Septimus: Immediate application of 1/7th strength Class-A amnestics to suppress a high-security, high-susceptibility shibboleth.) - Interview Room 3.

> 

> *(Holt's breathing quickens.)*

> 

> **Holt:** ...I've worked here for twelve years and I've never heard of a Code Septimus.(Due to the rarity of said shibboleths, this is used infrequently.)

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** I have a very nasty confession, I have answered exactly one difficult question with all of the time and help I have taken.

> 

> **Holt:** ...

> 

> **SCP-7154-Gamma:** It is this: "how can I change my squishy mortal body to survive several bullet wounds in less than one second?"

> 

> **Holt:** ...

> 

> *(Footsteps are heard outside.)*

> 

> *(SCP-7154-Gamma grins.)*

> 

> *(Holt reaches for his face.)*

> 

> *(Video footage ends due to software detecting SCP-7154's eyes.)*

> 

> <End Log>

As a result of this interview, SCP-7154 breached containment. 36 Site-59 staff members were successively turned into SCP-7154-Gamma. By the time SCP-7154 reached the parking lot, Director Naismith detonated the parking lot's explosive charges to trap SCP-7154 in whatever host body it had chosen.

During investigation of the rubble, a slab of concrete was removed from a smashed pigeon. The pigeon began to quickly regenerate. It was promptly contained before its eyes reconstituted.

Other than isolated incidents where SCP-7154-Gamma re-attempted its initial method of escape by tapping classified information in Morse Code and writing it in its own excrement, present containment methods have demonstrated 79% effectiveness.

Jocasta-86 has been placed on hold until further notice.

<< [SCP-7153](SCP-7153) | SCP-7154 | [SCP-7155](SCP-7155) >>

> **Filename:** evermind.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-7154/evermind.png
