]

⚠️ **Content Warning:** Themes of depression, self harm, and suicidal thoughts and actions and some light gore; a bit inspired by stuff that I went through

SCP-7747 *“Asleep in Life's Waiting Room”* by: 

@@ @@

[Read more of my stuff](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-mews-personnel-file)

@@ @@

##### ****Special Containment Procedures****

SCP-7747-1 is currently held within Site-107’s Anomalous Medical Wing. Additionally, at least two personnel (one medical staff and one security staff member), are to remain near SCP-7747-1’s cell at all times in case it awakens. If the previous occurs, refer to Site-107 Director Anya Williams for further instruction.

SCP-7747-1’s Hume level is to be monitored constantly. If its Hume level surpasses 400, Director Williams is to be contacted for further input. The laceration and surrounding area on SCP-7747-1’s chest is to be monitored for further anomalous behavior.

SCP-7747-A is to be kept within anomalous item quarantine in Site-107 until further testing with the object has been planned. It is not to be handled without nitrile gloves until further notice.

##### ****Description****

SCP-7747 refers to the anomalous circumstances under which Dr. Luca Calma (henceforth designated SCP-7747-1) entered a seemingly perpetual state of REM sleep, and the related events in the intervening time period. On September 19th, 2020, SCP-7747-1 spontaneously manifested within the common area in Site-107's west wing, unconscious with a pair of surgical scissors (designated SCP-7747-A) lodged in its chest.

During recovery it was noted that the skin near SCP-7747-1's chest emanated a soft blue light. After SCP-7747-1 was confirmed stable, present staff agreed to measure SCP-7747-1’s Hume levels to assess any previously unknown anomalous properties. SCP-7747-1’s Hume level was 340, nearly that of typically powerful reality bending entities.Comparable to reality benders capable of reshaping and shifting realities.

Additionally, an I.D. vaguely resembling an official Foundation identification card with the following information was found on SCP-7747-1's person:

> Level 4 Access

> Full Name: Ángel RosasNo employee under this name has ever been employed with the Foundation.

> Department: Multiversal Affairs

> Position: Extradimensional Scientist

After SCP-7747-1 failed to react to external stimuli, it was determined to have a GCS of three. Glasgow Coma Scale. An assessment used to measure a person’s level of consciousness after a major brain injury. No eye opening, verbal, or motor response present. Later MRI testing revealed the deterioration of numerous regions within the cerebrum, most notably, the Broca's areaPart of the brain responsible for regulating breathing patterns and speech production., primary motor cortexPart of the brain that works with other motor areas to carry out voluntary movements., and basal gangliaA group of subcortical nuclei that are responsible for executive functions, emotions, and motor control..The reason for its condition is currently unknown, but hypothesised to be correlated to SCP-7747-A. Additionally, when screened after SCP-7747, SCP-7747-1's right forearm was covered in relatively fresh lacerations not previously present.

Approximately three months prior to SCP-7747, SCP-7747-1 began to exhibit fatigue, which it attributed to long hours of work. The only physical health condition discovered during health screenings was its Albinism. In the week leading up to SCP-7747, SCP-7747-1's coworkers reported that its speech had became slurred and nonsensical, and had been leaving work early. After being questioned about this, it stopped going to work altogether, and did not reply to any communication attempts. Additionally, SCP-7747-1 was not present at its home. Director Williams was scheduled to interrogate it on this behavior as soon as its location was determined.

##### ****Addendum: SCP-7747-1 Neural Imaging****

Although little is officially known about SCP-7747 and related anomalies, the Department of Neurology was contacted to conduct a series of readings on SCP-7747-1 using the OViM3.The Oneiric Visualization Matrix; a Foundation-made device which reads brainwaves produced during REM sleep and translates them into a video feed. The OViM3 is the latest model. The readings were conducted in an attempt to record any comprehensible information that may provide any insight on its motives, and other helpful information regarding SCP-7747.

Below is the up to date list of completed OViM readings. Results will be added as each reading is complete. Analysis of the results has been scheduled for the near future to identify any potential cause of SCP-7747.

Unidentified individuals that appear more than once have been numbered. Unidentified-3 refers to a disembodied voice.

**09/20/2020 Readings**

A figure resembling SCP-7747-1 is in a dimly lit hospital room. Within approximately three minutes, an unidentified human male manifests. The two begin to converse.

> **Unidentified-1:** Get back to work.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

> 

> **Unidentified-1:** That’s not an excuse.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is inside a Foundation office cubicle. It is looking at the documentation file for [ SCP-445](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-445 ). It reaches into the computer screen, pulling out a stack of SCP-445. A sheet of paper slips out of the pack, transforming into a box. SCP-7747-1 attempts to open the box, but is unsuccessful. A few moments later, the box opens. SCP-7747-1 looks inside the box.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is conversing with an unidentified human female within what appears to be a Foundation office room.

> **Unidentified-2:** You’re a really lucky man, ÁngelPronounced ahng-hehl. I think many would kill to be in your position.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** It’s sure to be interesting. I’m making history.

The remainder of the conversation is unintelligible. Near the end of the conversation, Unidentified-2 transforms into Unidentified-1.

The sequence ends.

**09/21/2020 Readings**

SCP-7747-1 is inside the same dimly lit hospital room. Within a few minutes, a figure resembling Dr. Bella Teller Dr. Teller is noted to be one of SCP-7747-1's few friends. manifests.

> **Dr. Teller:** What happened, Luca?

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** I ran into the sun.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is inside the same dimly lit hospital room conversing with someone unseen.

> **SCP-7747-1:** I know that I should feel lucky.

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** Why don't you? I know I would.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** I’m not sure I like this. I’m just wondering when I’m going to wake up. Everything is so vivid now. I can read this perfectly clearly.

> 

> SCP-7747-1 was now holding a book entitled *“Personnel Requirements”*.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** When I wake up, I’ll only remember a third of what happened.

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is sitting in front of a table in a blank white space. It is wearing a Greek comedy mask. On the table is a medical kit. It removes a pair of surgical scissors resembling SCP-7747-A, two bandages, and an antiseptic packet and places them on the table. SCP-7747-1 talks seemingly to itself.

> **SCP-7747-1:** The numbness is back. I thought that ranking up would help. Once I was assigned to this task, I had hope again.

A plush toy of a golden retriever and what might be a coffee cup are now on the table. (Notably, the two items bear resemblance to two anomalous items that had gone missing for approximately two weeks before being returned.)

SCP-7747-1 picks up the scissors from the table. It is now wearing a Greek tragedy mask. Its skin turns grey.

> **SCP-7747-1:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is standing in the center of a room with various unidentified Foundation personnel sitting around a large table. In front of SCP-7747-1 on the table are various anomalous items and small SCP items. It opens its mouth to speak, and several red rose flowers emerge from its throat, enveloping it in roses and vines.

The sequence ends.

**09/22/2020 Readings**

SCP-7747-1 is in the same dimly lit hospital room. It has bandage wraps around its arms. Unidentified-1 is standing in front of the bed.

> **Unidentifed-1:** You were chosen for a reason. This shouldn't stop you. Unless you're not as qualified as I thought.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

Unidentified-1 demanifests. Roses and vines emerge from inbetween the bandages on SCP-7747-1's arms. It opens its mouth, and roses emerge.

> **Unidentifed-3:** We’ve been here before, Ángel. I thought that was the last time.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is sitting in front of a table in a blank white space. On the table is the same medical kit from before. SCP-7747-1 is holding a packet of paper. The heading on the page read: “Mission X: Obtain Anomalies”.

> **SCP-7747-1:** 'You’re lucky, Ángel. They don’t choose just anyone to cross realities.' That's what they all say.

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** This should have made the numbness go away.

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** I’m hopeful again.

SCP-7747-1 removes the surgical scissors from the kit. The tips of its fingers begin to decay.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is inside a dark confined space. The following can be heard:

> **Unidentified-1:** Dr. Rosas, we need to talk!

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE] Rosas, we know you’re here! (Laughs)

SCP-7747-1 closes its eyes.

> **SCP-7747-1:** I’m ready to wake up now.

The door to the space opens. SCP-7747-1 is now in the same hospital room as before.

> **Unidentified-1:** We’re doing this because we know what’s best for the Foundation.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** I got some things from them.

> 

> **Unidentified-1:** But it’s NOT ENOUGH!

Unidentified-1’s voice raises in volume significantly, shattering the windows. Unidentified-1 transforms into a vaguely humanoid creature. SCP-7747-1 runs to the window, looking out of it.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is holding a brown paper bag with medication labels stapled to it. It opens the bag, removing three pill bottles, and opening one. It is now holding the medical kit.

> **Unidentified-3:** Is this a good idea?

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** I could feel something again.

> 

>  **Unidentified-3:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

It opens the medical kit, revealing a human brain impaled by the surgical scissors.

The sequence ends.

**09/23/2020 Readings**

SCP-7747-1 is sitting in Site-107 psychologist Dr. Adams’ office.

> **Dr. Adams:** Dr. Calma, your colleagues have have been concerned about your behavior.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** Behavior?

> 

> **Dr. Adams:** Your withdrawal from your peers.

SCP-7747-1 is now holding the surgical scissors, sitting in Dr. Adams’ seat. In the seat across from it is Unidentified-2.

> **Unidentified-2:** I’m happy to take on this position. I consider myself rather lucky.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** I thought they chose me.

> 

> **Unidentified-2:** You question yourself too much. We can’t trust someone like you to not get caught.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** What is that supposed to mean?

SCP-7747-1 begins to twitch uncontrollably.

> **Unidentified-2:** You’re acting like a broken doll.

SCP-7747-1 breathes in, red roses growing out of its mouth. It appears as if it is asphyxiating.

> **Unidentified-2:** You're unreliable.

Unidentified-1 manifests.

> **Unidentified-1:** You were chosen to solve problems, not cause them.

SCP-7747-1 is now sitting in a garden of roses.

> **SCP-7747-1:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

It falls backwards, trembling. The roses envelop it.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is standing in an unidentified site storage room. It opens one of the lockers. Inside is the same medical kit as before. The kit opens. Inside is an ace of diamonds playing card. SCP-7747-1 picks up the card. It transforms into the "Mission X" report. SCP-7747-1 flips the page on the report, slicing its finger on the page. A superfluous amount of blood seeps from the wound, covering the surrounding areas, as well as soaking SCP-7747-1. Red rose flowers grow where the blood was. 

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is laying still on an autopsy table. An unidentified person slices down its stomach with the surgical scissors. Red roses begin to protrude from the wound. 

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is inside a Foundation office cubicle. In front of it is a list of various anomalous items and SCP item numbers. SCP-7747-1 begins to type "not obtained" next to every entry. Unidentified-1 manifests behind it.

> **Unidentified-1:** What are you doing, Dr. Rosas? We sent you on this mission a very long time ago.

SCP-7747-1 begins to experience muscle contractions. It turns around to face Unidentified-1. SCP-7747-1 attempts to speak, but red roses emerge from its mouth. Unidentified-1 begins to scream, forcefully pulling at the roses. It attempts to pull them out, though the amount seems infinite. SCP-7747-1 goes limp.

> **Unidentified-1:** I thought that you could handle it.

SCP-7747-1 falls to the ground. The surgical scissors are now protruding from one of its eye sockets. The sequence ends.

**09/24/2020 Readings**

SCP-7747-1 enters one of the break rooms of Site-107, which is empty. It sits on one of the couches.

> **SCP-7747-1:** I'm ready for the dream to end.

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** Why?

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** If I wake up, it means that I'm really out of options. He'll get onto me again. But, I guess this isn't so bad.

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** You aren’t what you used to be.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** What?

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** You’re an abandoned husk filled with overgrown plant life.

SCP-7747-1 goes limp. Its eyes blink open and close rapidly.

> **Unidentified-3:** At least asleep, you can pretend to be fine.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is inside Director Williams’ office.

> **Director Williams:** Why do you keep disappearing?

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** I don’t know.

> 

> **Director Williams:** We know that it’s you. Stop running. Stop running. Stop running. Stop running. Stop running. Stop running.

SCP-7747-1 is now alone.

> **SCP-7747-1:** This was not my intention. I just wanted to find meaning in any of this.

Unidentified-2 manifests. They are holding a medical kit. SCP-7747-1 walks up to them, opening the kit. It removes the the surgical scissors, two bandages, and an antiseptic packet. It was alone again, laying against the wall. The surgical scissors are now protruding from the side of its head, the other supplies it removed in its hands.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is in the same dimly lit hospital room. It is hooked up to life support. Director Williams manifests in front of the bed.

> **Director Williams:** Dr. Calma, what is going on?

Unidentified-1 manifests in front of the bed.

> **Unidentified-1:** Dr. Rosas, this is ridiculous! Stop acting weak! I don’t care what the side effects are.

> 

> **Director Williams:** We need to discuss your rapidly declining health.

Dr. Teller manifests next to the bed.

> **Dr. Teller:** You’ve been acting distant.

Dr. Adams manifests next to the bed.

> **Dr. Adams:** Dr. Calma, your peers have reported that your mental health seems to be declining.

Unidentified-2 manifests next to the bed.

> **Unidentified-2:** Maybe it’s for the best. I can do this more effectively than you.

Every figure begins to talk at once, their voices increasing in volume. SCP-7747-1 opens its eyes. It screams. 

The sequence ends.

**09/25/2020 Readings**

SCP-7747-1 is sitting on a balcony of an unidentified building. It is covered in cuts and bruises.

> **SCP-7747-1:** How I feel is inconvenient to them. He knew what the kit did. But he's mad that it's causing this. He's the one that chose someone with a health condition.

> 

> **Unidentifed-?** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

SCP-7747-1 is now holding a pair of bloody surgical scissors resembling SCP-7747-A.

> **SCP-7747-1:** It shouldn't transport me with just the scissors.

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** What if it does? You're already decaying.

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** I'm just coming up with a plan. I'm not gonna carry it out yet.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is in the same dimly lit hospital room.

> **SCP-7747-1:** I don't want to wake up anymore. I'm safe here.

SCP-7747-1 is now holding a human brain that appears decayed.

The sequence ends.

---

SCP-7747-1 is laying in a casket filled with red roses.

> **Unidentified-3:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

> 

> **Unidentified-3:** [UNINTELLIGIBLE]

> 

> **SCP-7747-1:** Nothing could have stopped this.

It opens its eyes. The casket closes. On top of it is the medical kit.

The sequence ends.

**09/26/2020 Readings**

Unidentified-1 is laying in a bed, SCP-7747-1 standing next to it holding the same pair of surgical scissors. It begins to violently stab Unidentified-1 in the chest. Unidentified-1 transforms into SCP-7747-1.

The sequence ends.

<< [SCP-7746](SCP-7746) | SCP-7747 | [SCP-7748](SCP-7748) >>
