.danke {

    padding: 15px;

    margin-bottom:10px;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.2em;

}

.agent {

    background-color:#002200;

    border: 3px solid #55AA55;

    color: #77CC77;

}

.site {

    background-color:#222200;

    border: 3px solid #AAAA55;

    color: #DDDD77;

}

****Item #:**** SCP-7967

****Object Class:**** ~~Thaumiel~~ Safe

****Special Containment Procedures:**** ~~SCP-7967 is to be indefinitely maintained and used by the Foundation to produce Akiva Radiation for use in various religious based projects.~~

SCP-7967 is no longer to be maintained and to be stored in Containment Sector-54, located within [Reliquary Area-27](secure-facility-dossier-reliquary-area-27). In light of the data implied by the object's behavior, this file is restricted to Clearance 5/DoTT personnel.

****Description:**** SCP-7967 is a device developed by the Department of Tactical Theology in 2003. It was designed to harvest the abnormally high amount of Akiva Radiation that is produced when a human being dies. 

SCP-7967 functions through the theory that before entering an afterlife, a being tends to worship at greatly increased levels, a result of attempting to enter a [positive afterlife](SCP-6130) and contemplating one's mortality. 

This energy tends to dissipate shortly after the subject's death. SCP-7967 functions by tracking these events and using Wozny-Hellman Worship Sinks to absorb it successfully.

---

= **Addendum**

---

SCP-7967 has been deemed to be nonfunctional and has gathered no Akiva Radiation in the two months since its activation. This is believed to be a result of the fact that although during this period approximately 11,000,000 humans have become corpses, none of them have died. 

<< [SCP-7966](SCP-7966) | SCP-7967 | [SCP-7968](SCP-7968) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
