:root {

    ~~logo-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/secure-facility-dossier-site-120/ontologonew.png");

    --header-title: "Site-120";

    --header-subtitle: "Fighting Fire With Fire";

.footnotes-footer {

display: none;

}

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Patrick+Hand&display=swap');

.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: 'Patrick Hand', cursive;

    font-size: 1.6em;

    font-style: normal;

   

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

    }

.page p {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

.page ul {

    list-style: symbols;

}

#page-content {

    position: relative;

}

.desktop-only {

    height: 21rem;

    width: 10rem;

    background: #ffffff;

    position: -webkit-sticky;

    position: sticky;

    top: 15rem;

    display: -webkit-box;

    display: -webkit-flex;

    display: -moz-box;

    display: -ms-flexbox;

    display: flex;

    border: solid 1px #444444;

    padding: 10px;

    -webkit-box-shadow: none;

       -moz-box-shadow:  none;

            box-shadow: none;

    overflow: visible;

    -webkit-box-orient: vertical;

    -webkit-box-direction: normal;

    -webkit-flex-direction: column;

       -moz-box-orient: vertical;

       -moz-box-direction: normal;

        -ms-flex-direction: column;

            flex-direction: column;

    -webkit-transform: translateX(400%);

       -moz-transform: translateX(400%);

        -ms-transform: translateX(400%);

         -o-transform: translateX(400%);

            transform: translateX(400%);

}

.article {

    margin-top: -21rem!important;

}

    

@media (max-width: 1250px) {

    .desktop-only {

     display: none !important;

     visibility:hidden

    }

.article {

    margin-top: 4rem!important;

}

    #page-content > div:nth-child(5) {

     margin-top: 0;

    }

}

---

#### ****Special Containment Procedures****

SCP-7278 is to be held within a low priority containment chamber within [Site-120](secure-facility-dossier-site-120). A search for PoI-7278 is ongoing.

---

#### ****Description****

SCP-7278 is an object which has become definitionally compromised. To clarify, it is impossible to accurately describe all of SCP-7278's properties and conceptual being within a single word or phrase, with attempts by the Department of Miscommunications only being able to reach the 70% threshold. It is for this reason that determining the true nature of SCP-7278 is extremely difficult and likely impossible.

Extensive testing of SCP-7278 has managed to determined that it has the following properties:

* It is mechanical in nature;

* Its volume is approximately 1.6 m^^3^^ and its weight is approximately 300 kg;

* Its shape is that of a rectangular prism;

* One of its sides has a keypad attached to it as well as a slot to insert money into;

* It contains several low cost candies and snacks, such as chocolate bars and bags of potato chips;

* It will dispense said candies once money has been placed into it and a code has been entered into the keypad, associated with the dispensed candy,

SCP-7278 gained its anomalous properties following a thaumaturgic ritual being performed upon it by an unknown Fae thaumaturgist (PoI-7278).

SCP-7278 was discovered on the streets of FP-120 ("[Esterberg](esterberg-city-wikipedia)") on 2/27/2019. The object was given to the Foundation's safekeeping by the Esterberg government.

---

#### ****Incident 7278.01****

SCP-7278 gained its anomalous properties on 2/26/2019 after the following incident.

**Date:** 2/26/2019

**Subject:** PoI-7278

**Foreword:** The following log was taken by an Esterberg security camera. Footage procured after the incident. 

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*PoI-7278 walks across the street, whistling slightly. They stop in front of SCP-7278.*

*PoI-7278 produces a 5 złoty coin from their pocket and places it within SCP-7278. After a pause, the SCP-7278 rejects the coin and PoI-7278 takes it back. They then attempt to place it back into SCP-7278. This repeats approximately twenty times, with PoI-7278 growing increasingly more exasperated.*

*PoI-7278 attempts to use a different 5 złoty coin and this time succeeds in having SCP-7278 accept the coin. PoI-7278 then types 52 on the keypad, corresponding to a Grześki chocolate bar.*

*SCP-7278 rejects PoI-7278's coin and its screen displays a "no designation found" error. PoI-7278 stares at SCP-7278 for approximately twenty seconds before beginning to bang on and shake SCP-7278. No change is noted within SCP-7278.*

*PoI-7278 then attempts to purchase the chocolate bar, dropping the coin and picking it up several times. Each time they attempt to type a number into the keypad, they are met with a "no designation found" error. This repeats for some time, each time being punctuated by PoI-7278 verbally and physically abusing SCP-7278.*

*PoI-7278 shakes their fist angrily and bangs on SCP-7278.*

**PoI-7278:** Skurwysynu!A Polish curse word.

*PoI-7278 glows with Elan Vital Energy as they begin to attempt a thaumaturgic ritual.*

**PoI-7278:** *(in Polish)* I'll show you no designation found...

*The recording ends.*

<< [SCP-7277](SCP-7277) | SCP-7278 | [SCP-7279](SCP-7279) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
