##757575|by [ParallelPotatoes](Parallels Potato Page )##

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7782 is kept in a specialized anomalous storage locker that prevents rotting.

**Description:** SCP-7782 is a sapient *gala* apple capable of speech. The method by which it speaks is unknown.

**Discovery:** On February 14th 2023, SCP-7782 spontaneously manifested on Doctor Yellowstone's desk alongside a valentines day card with the text "You are the apple of my eye!" The following interaction was recorded by security cameras in Doctor Yellowstone's office.

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **SCP-7782:** Hey there, doc. Some might bake you into an apple pie, but I'd bake you into a cutie pie.

> 

> **Doctor Yellowstone:** Oh, hello. Thank you, I guess. How did you get in here?

> 

> **SCP-7782:** I fell from the tree right into your basketThere are no trees nor baskets in Doctor Yellowstone's office.. Speaking of which, if I saw you on a tree, I'd climb to the top just to pick you.

> 

> **Doctor Yellowstone:** I'm flattered, but no thank you. Have you heard of the Smith-Malus anomalous scientific law? It states that "an apple a day keeps the doctor away."

> 

> **SCP-7782:** Dang. Well, it was nice to meet you anyways!

> 

> **<End Log>**

**Addendum 1:** As of July 17th 2023, SCP-7782 has made romantic advances towards fifty-three Foundation Personnel, twenty-two sapient SCP objects, and one picture of a potted plant. None of these individuals have reciprocated SCP-7782's advances, and it has not made advances towards individuals who have declined previously. Researcher Wadsworth offered to introduce it to one of the Foundation's artificial intelligences. However, SCP-7782 declined, as the artificial intelligences do not run on Apple-branded computers.

**Addendum 2:** To test how SCP-7782 interacts with mundane objects, a non-anomalous *red delicious* apple was placed in its containment locker. The following was recorded after.

**<Begin Log>**

**SCP-7782:** Hey, Wadsworth. Who's that?

**Researcher Wadsworth:** That's an appleSCP-7782 has not seen any other apples since its original manifestation..

**SCP-7782:** She's the most beautiful girl I've ever seen. I'm gonna go talk to her.

*SCP-7782 rolls closer to the apple.*

**SCP-7782:** Uh, hi. I'm Johnny.

*The apple is silent.*

**SCP-7782:** I, um, just wanted to say I think you're beautiful.

*The apple remains silent.*

**SCP-7782:** Do you want to get to know each other?

*The apple continues being silent.*

**<End Log>**

The mundane apple remained in SCP-7782's containment locker at its request, and it continued to talk to the mundane apple despite the fact that the mundane apple has yet to verbally respond.

**Addendum 3:** Two engagement rings were found embedded in SCP-7782 and the mundane apple a year following Addendum 2. Nine months after the previous event, an apple seed with a tiny pacifier was found in SCP-7782's containment locker.

<< [SCP-7781](SCP-7781) | SCP-7782 | [SCP-7783](SCP-7783) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Heart Apple.jpg

> **Author:** Greg Hartley

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Heart_Apple.jpg

=====
