.creditRate {

float: unset !important;

margin-bottom: unset !important;

}

**SCP-7672: In the Court of the Goblin King**

Look out for the little guys.

 and 's entry in [GoblinCon](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/goblincon).

**[Aftokrator's Authorpage](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/aftokrator)**

**[Ralliston's Authorpage](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ralliston-s-authorpage)**

Written by ** and **

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation personnel are forbidden from owning carpets until further notice.

---

**Description:** SCP-7672 denotes a phenomenon wherein the stability of local reality in buildings that possess a carpet within them is slightly lower than of those that don't. As none of the currently existing parascientific theories have so far been found to explain why this discrepancy manifests, further research is currently ongoing.

To gather more data about SCP-7672, an experiment was devised, meant to amplify the metaphysical "rugness" of a non-anomalous rug, hoping that the operation would in turn also amplify SCP-7672's effects, which would make the observation of the anomaly significantly easier. Attached below is a recording of the experiment itself, as carried out by [Dr. Robert Madden](fresh-blood) and Dr. Rylye Kei'hla within the house of Dr. Anna Szulc.. Leader of [Site-120](secure-facility-dossier-site-120)'s Inter-species Communications Team and primary middleman in handling Site-120's relations with other groups and anomalous races; she has personally offered her own rug for the experiment as, in her own words, "it was already too old to be good for anything else." 

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/7672/Experiment/Controlled Observation</summary>

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

*[Kei'hla and Madden are standing in Szulc's apartment. Scattered around her living room are various apparatus, all focused around Szulc's carpet. The only other objects that haven't been removed from the room are lamps, which now illuminate it brightly.]*

*[Kei'hla squats next to the rug, noting down its baseline parameters; above him, Madden stands, turning on the remaining sensors.]*

*[Madden clears his throat.]*

**Madden:** Alright, we're done with calibrations. Shall we begin?

*[Kei'hla stands up, and clasps his hands together. He looks into the camera recording the experiment, through which Szulc is remotely observing.]*

**Kei'hla:** Very good. Now, there's a pretty decent chance you won't be getting your rug back after this.

**Szulc:** Not a problem. It's still a better fate than it wasting away on some Esterbergian dump.

*[Kei'hla nods politely, and clicks several buttons located on the apparatus, typing in commands on the keyboards next to them. He lifts his hand.]*

**Kei'hla:** Beginning experiment... 

*[His hand falls.]*

**Kei'hla:** ...now. 

*[From the various machines, a soft hum is emitted; the graphs displayed on the apparatus start to rapidly change, unfolding a series of data as they analyze their new environment.]*

**Kei'hla:** Amplification successful. That rug is now around ten times as sensitive to ontokinetic changes than the baseline. SCP-7672 still seems to remain negligible, however.

*[Madden furrows his eyebrows.]*

**Madden:** Hrm. Let me see th--

*[While walking towards the equipment, Madden trips on the corner of the rug. He swears under his nose and catches himself before he can fall, but inadvertently knocks over a lamp sitting on a nearby table in the process. It falls onto, and through the rug.]*

**Madden:** Shit, Anna I'm so... I'm sorry?

*[Szulc comes closer to the camera.]*

**Szulc:** Is that supposed to happen?

*[Kei'hla crosses his arms, and slowly comes closer to the rug.]*

**Kei'hla:** Not really? I... I haven't even increased the amplification enough to de-value the local field. What on...?

**Madden:** Let me see if I can grab it.

*[Madden cautiously steps onto the rug, feeling for any pockets of non-local reality that the lamp may have fallen into. After a few more steps, he slowly reaches down with his left hand towards the part the lamp has disappeared in; the second he touches it, however, he falls through the rug as well.]*

**Kei'hla:** Robert! Are you there?

**Madden:** *<muffled:>* Yeah, I'm here. 

**Szulc:** Where is 'here'?

**Madden:** *<muffled:>* Fuck if I know. It's dark, save for the lamp. I-- Wait. I hear something.

*[Szulc stares at Kei'hla with confusion and concern.]*

**Kei'hla:** Happens sometimes. Distort reality enough, and you'll start getting a few holes in it. The pocket dimension should be temporary and harmle--

**Madden:** YOU *BASTARD*--

*[Madden yelps and curses repeatedly.]*

**Szulc:** Robert, what the hell is going on in there?

*[The sounds of a mild scuffle are heard coming from the general direction of the rug. They abruptly cease after a few seconds.]*

*[Szulc's lamp is ejected from the rug and is barely caught by Kei'hla. A hand erupts from the rug shortly after, followed by the rest of Madden pulling himself out. His hair is disheveled, his coat is stained with dirt and dust, and there are tears on his trousers. He is out of breath, and stares directly into Szulc's camera, mild annoyance in his eyes.]*

**Madden:** Motherfucking goblins. 

= **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Following his re-emergence from the pocket reality, Dr. Madden reported that he had found himself inside a large space occupied by small, green-skinned humanoids. Inside, he could notice several other rugs, through which similar entities regularly emerged and left. Due to his short time inside, however, he was unable to report more. Further research was immediately initiated.

Subsequent experiments on other rugs have consistently resulted in similar gateways opening to the same unexplored space with identical residents, now classified as SCP-7672-A and SCP-7672-B respectively.

While with the finalization of initial research, SCP-7672's origins have now become understood, one issue still remained unanswered: the existence of SCP-7672-A and its population. To facilitate this still-standing need, a special diplomacy team consisting of Diplomatic Task Force Zeta-8 ("Hansel and Gretel") led by Dr. Anna Szulc was quickly formed.

It was decided that the team had no need to bear arms -- all previous observations of SCP-7672-B have reported that, while a nuisance, the entities pose no real threat to human life and indeed possess no concept of true violence. Due to this, as well as to improve the team's diplomatic value, the only apparatus they were armed with was a remote recording camera, headsets connected to mission control stationed at Site-120, and flashlights. Below attached is a transcript of their mission.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/7672/Exploration/SCP-7672-A</summary>

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

*[All three Foundation staff are standing inside SCP-7672-A; around them, its black sky and ground stretch beyond the horizon. Scattered throughout the space are several rugs of various make and age. Through them, numerous SCP-7672-B instances enter and leave. Though the entities vary widely in clothes and minor characteristics, they are all around 0.7 meters tall, green-skinned, and possess pointy ears.]*

*[Somewhere in the distance, a few crude structures constructed from what appear to be mismatched LEGO bricks, screws, nuts, and puzzle pieces stand. One of the buildings is visibly larger -- around it, high stacks of small coins and socks lay. Noticing the structure, Zeta-8-1 raises an eyebrow.]*

*[As the three personnel take their first step forward, five SCP-7672-B instances suddenly become aware of their existence. They all bear long tools made from several toothpicks glued together and appear to be both excited and slightly annoyed. Around their necks, necklaces made with socks hang. They start flap around gently as the creatures quickly make their way towards the diplomatic team.]*

*[Szulc shows Zeta-8-1 and Zeta-8-2 to stop in their tracks. They comply.]*

*[One of the beings points their toothpick at Szulc.]*

**SCP-7672-B-1:** Intruders! Intruders!

*[The remaining creatures cheer and also raise their "weapons."]*

**SCP-7672-B-2:** To the king!

*[The beings nod energetically.]*

**SCP-7672-B-3:** To the king!

*[Without looking back, the five instances start to quickly move towards the city in the distance. Szulc just shrugs, and shows her team to follow them. With just a few steps, they catch up to the beings.]*

**Szulc:** We seek no quarrel with your kin--

**SCP-7672-B-4:** Silence, Outsider! Or I will not hold myself!

*[SCP-7672-B-4 shakes its "spear."]*

**SCP-7672-B-4:** The goblin legions will not listen to the wishes of those from Beyond the Rug!

*[Another being shakes its necklace.]*

**SCP-7672-B-5:** You either live by the sock or die by the sock, human!

*[The other creatures cheer and agree.]*

*[The march continues in silence as the eight make their way towards the city. As they come closer, the fact that the buildings are constructed from very inappropriate materials becomes more and more apparent.]*

*[All throughout the barely-standing structures, SCP-7672-B beings run energetically; within their hands, screws, bolts, needles, puzzle pieces, and other small objects can be observed. The moment they notice the approaching group, however, they stop to point at the newcomers, vocalizing various excited exclamations.]*

*[Eventually, the group comes before the largest building. Next to its doors, two larger creatures stand. They are covered in crude imitations of armor, made from loose socks and leather scraps. Their faces are deadly serious. As they exchange a few inaudible words with the five other instances next to the personnel, they move away and let the group enter.]*

*[Inside, a large chair constructed from loose bits of wood and other resources characteristic of the SCP-7672-A environment can be seen. Atop it sits the largest SCP-7672-B creature so far seen, surrounded by several guards similar to those that were stationed outside the building. The being bears a crown reminiscent of those given out by the Burger King franchise, only additionally "decorated" with several small coins. It displays a smug of superiority as it looks down on all entering.]*

**SCP-7672-B-Prime:** Well, well, well. Who are these creatures you bring before me?

*[All five SCP-7672-B instances bow before SCP-7672-B-Prime. Moments later, Szulc does the same, and shows her companions to join her in the gesture. They comply. After a few seconds, all stand up and face the king.]*

**SCP-7672-B-2:** Intruders, Your Hoardship!

**SCP-7672-B-Prime:** Intruders? INTRUDERS? IN OUR KINGDOM? PAH! WHO DARES?

*[Szulc comes forward, putting on a polite smile.]*

**Szulc:** We did not mean to intrude, your ~~ ahem ~~ Your Hoardship. We merely seek to--

*[SCP-7672-B-Prime slams the arm of its throne with its first. A few LEGO bricks fall of the furniture.]*

**SCP-7672-B-Prime:** SILENCE! You are as rude as you are freakishly tall. And no more excuses. You three have INTRUDED, without MY permission. You are INTRUDERS, and for that you will PAY. 

*[Zeta-8-1 and Zeta-8-2 barely contain a snicker. Szulc eyes them carefully, then turns her gaze once more upon the king, her expression serious and composed.]*

**Szulc:** How could we atone for our heinous and terrible crimes, Your Hoardship?

*[SCP-7672-B-Prime's lips curl into a sneer. It looks at one of the other instances knowingly, gesturing for them to answer on their behalf.]*

**SCP-7672-B-4:** Everyone knows the penalty for trespassing is execution! 

*[Multiple SCP-7672-B instances present in the room begin chanting and cheering, including SCP-7672-B-Prime. Multiple guards begin advancing on the Foundation staff with toothpick "spears" raised. Szulc puts a hand next to her forehead theatrically.]*

**Szulc:** No! Please! Anything but that!

*[Szulc glances at Zeta-8-1 and Zeta-8-2, mouthing "play along." Immediately, the two personnel fall to the ground, as if gasping for air. Zeta-8-1 lets a fake tear fall down his cheek.]*

**Zeta-8-1:** I don't want to be executed!

**Zeta-8-2:** Mercy! Mercy on our souls!

*[Szulc falls to her knees, conveniently slightly pulling the legs of her pants up.]*

**Szulc:** At least let us take our socks off first before you execute us!

*[Silence falls upon the court the moment Szulc mentions socks. SCP-7672-B-Prime sits up from its "throne," eyes widened.]*

**SCP-6474-B-Prime:** Wait. You have... socks?

*[Szulc grins slightly.]*

**Szulc:** Yes. We have socks. Two for each of us. Where we come from, it is customary for us to remove any and all socks before executions. After all, the boatman's price is nothing if not high.

*[The guards look to SCP-6474-B-Prime for further instruction. It simply nods solemnly, and the toothpicks are lowered. The three Foundation personnel begin removing their shoes and socks. All SCP-7672-B instances are noticeably focused on the socks in particular, some staring slack-jawed.]*

**Szulc:** If I may speak, Your Hoardship, it is really a shame that me and my colleagues are to be executed here, never to wear another sock ever again.

**Zeta-8-2:** I am ready to face death. Goodbye, my beloved sock drawer, built from lovely screws and bolts.

*[SCP-7672-B-Prime furrows its brows.]*

**SCP-7672-B-Prime:** What is the meaning of this? You... you have more socks? 

**Szulc:** Why, of course. Where we come from, almost everyone owns a sock. There is even a sock market from which we acquire more socks.

**Zeta-8-1:** Valuable socks, even.

*[There is hushed whispering amongst the court. SCP-7672-B-Prime begins drooling, before noticing and wiping its mouth. It raises a trembling finger at Szulc.]*

**SCP-7672-B-Prime:** What strange place do you come from? Tell me! TELL ME NOW.

**Szulc:** I-- We come from a place called Fundacia, and we will sorely miss the socks it bestowed unto us.

**SCP-7672-B-Prime:** ENOUGH. You will not be executed. Not yet. But you WILL go back to wherever this~~ this Fundacia is, and return with~~ with as MANY SOCKS AS YOU CAN CARRY. YES. THIS IS A RANSOM. 

**SZULC:** Oh, you are most merciful, Your Hoardship! It will be done!

**SCP-7672-B-Prime:** And if you even think about running away, we will declare WAR on Fundacia AND execute you all! And then take all your socks! You hear me?!

*[Szulc grabs puts her hand on her heart.]*

**Szulc:** Crystal clear, Your Hoardship!

**SCP-7672-B-Prime:** Now GO. 

*[The three Foundation staff are released, and turn towards the exit of the "castle".]*

**SCP-7672-B-Prime:** <muttering under breath:> What the sock is a 'crystal'?

= **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

Following the mission's re-emergence into baseline reality utilizing Dr. Szulc's rug, it was decided that further discussion in regards to SCP-7672-A and SCP-7672-B was necessary. While it was once again proven that the beings are of no real threat to anything or anyone, the widespread nature of their actions and the fact they can appear globally were deemed enough of a nuisance to merit being dealt with.

To facilitate such a discussion, Dr. Szulc and her team called a summit of Site-120's Director Council. Due to its sudden nature and relatively low priority, however, only two of its five members ~~ Dr. Jessie Rivera and Dr. Magdaleine Cornwell ~~ were able to attend. Attached below is a transcript of their meeting.

---

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/7672/Diplomacy/Site Directorship Summit</summary>

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

*[Cornwell and Rivera are seated at a table in the Site-120 cafeteria. They are both slightly rubbing their eyes, and cups of coffee are standing next to them. Moments later, Szulc and Zeta-8-1 and Zeta-8-2 arrive with a serving of muffins and tea for all parties present.]* 

**Szulc:** Before we begin, I'd like to thank you two for being able to make it on such short notice. Especially during those hours.

*[Rivera and Cornwell nod in acknowledgement.]*

**Szulc:** Now, the exploration log speaks for itself -- these creatures aren't exactly threats on their own merits. Irritating, definitely, but nothing too serious.

**Cornwell:** They're also, what? About yay high? 

*[Cornwell spreads her hands out to roughly demonstrate the height of an average SCP-7672-B instance.]*

**Szulc:** A little bigger than that, but more or less accurate. 

**Cornwell:** So you could just punt them away. 

*[Rivera barely contains a snicker. Szulc slightly rolls her eyes.]*

**Szulc:** Yes, but that's besides the point. The primary concern here is their widespread nature. These goblins can effectively enter any location in baseline reality, so long as it has a rug, carpet, mat, et cetera lying around somewhere. We're looking at a major risk to the integrity of the Veil and security in general. 

*[Rivera props her head up with her hands, yawning loudly.]*

**Rivera:** I'm sure we could make a case to O4 for the banning of rugs from all Foundation facilities, but I'm hesitant to escalate it further to the other side of the Veil. What would an 'invasion' by these entities even entail?

**Szulc:** No idea. My guess is that they would show up wherever in swarms, and do whatever it is goblins do. Theft, most likely. On a ridiculously minuscule scale, but still a Veil-breaking one nonetheless.

**Cornwell:** As humorous as it is to have our response to goblin incursions in baseline reality simply be "kick them on sight," we have to be proactive about this. Would it be possible t~~ ARGH~~

*[Cornwell jumps up from her seat. As she withdraws from the table, an instance of SCP-7672-B is seen hanging from her left shoe by its teeth.]*

**Cornwell:** *LET GO, YOU LITTLE SHIT!*

*[In response, SCP-7672-B-12 just continously growls.]*

*[Cornwell attempts to shake the SCP-7672-B instance off her foot to no avail. Rivera and Szulc move to help her, but are distracted by the sudden emergence of more SCP-7672-B instances in the cafeteria.]*

**SCP-7672-B-8:** Invasion! Invasion! War! War!

 

*[Multiple SCP-7672-B instances cheer and chant enthusiastically as they begin "attacking" the cafeteria and Foundation personnel present. Several instances run across the tables, treading through the lunches of multiple unlucky personnel in the process, while another tosses plastic cutlery from a bin into the air. Several personnel yelp as their ankles are pricked with dull toothpicks and plastic forks.]*

**SCP-7672-B-9:** You should have paid the ransom! Fools!

*[SCP-7672-B-9 flips over the platter of muffins and unsuccessfully attempts to lob one at Szulc, losing its balance and falling over while holding the muffin above its head.]*

**Szulc:** It hasn't even been 2 hours since we left!

*[Rivera looks around the cafeteria, confusion in her eyes.]*

**Rivera:** How did they even get here? Does carpet flooring count towards the effect?

*[Szulc and Rivera pause as they watch an SCP-7672-B instance fly overheard, kicked by the annoyed Madden halfway across the room and screeching all the way. It lands squarely in a metal trash can with a loud clang.]*

**Cornwell:** So it would seem.

*[Cornwell furrows her brows once more, realizing that SCP-7672-B-12 continued its attempted assualt on her clothes. She sighs, and starts shaking her leg energetically.]*

*[Suddenly, SCP-7672-B-12 freezes in place. It stops chewing on Cornwell's shoe, very slowly lowering its head as it carefully eyes Dr. Kei'hla,*. Site-120 researcher and member of the *Homo sapiens sidhe* (common Fae) species.  *who now has entered the cafeteria.]*

*[As the other creatures notice SCP-7672-B-12's reaction, they too stop and start to shake.]*

*[SCP-7672-B-13 points at Kei'hla.]*

**SCP-7672-B-13:** Q-Q-Q-Queen!

*[All instances start to collectively shout.]*

**SCP-7672-B-14:** Queen!

**SCP-7672-B-15:** Queen?!

**SCP-7672-B-12:** *Queen*!

*[Witnessing the state of the cafeteria and the presence of multiple unidentified paranormal entities pointing at them, Dr. Kei'hla slowly backs away.]*

**SCP-7672-B-16:** Q--

*[Cornwell grabs SCP-7672-B-12 by its head, turning the entity to face her.]*

**Cornwell:** "Queen?" What do you mean by--

*[SCP-7672-B-12 bites Cornwell's hand, and joins the other in pointing at the Fae.]*

**SCP-7672-B-12:** Queen! Queen's Servant! Here to imprison us! Here to steal our socks! Here to--

*[Cornwell and Rivera exchange worried looks, realizing the being is refering to [Queen Mab](ralliston-s-proposal). Rivera crouches, putting on a gentle smile and looking at SCP-7672-B-12.]*

**Rivera:** Whoah, whoah, buddy. Easy does it. Nobody's going to imprison you. 

**Szulc:** That's no Queen. That's our friend.

*[SCP-7672-B-12 turns to look at the two women, worry in its eyes.]*

**SCP-7672-B-12:** You swear by your bolts? No Tall Pointy-ears come for us?

**Szulc:** We do. How do you even know the Queen?

*[SCP-7672-B-13 clenches its fist.]*

**SCP-7672-B-13:** King tells us many things, many stories. He tells us goblinkind used to be the same as Tall Ears, many moons ago. We too were tall, he tells us. But the Queen's greed for socks was too much, even for His Hoardship.

**SCP-7672-B-14:** So we no longer tall, many moons later. Still got the pointy ears, though!

*[SCP-7672-B-14 touches its ears, giggling wildly.]*

**SCP-7672-B-15:** And name-tricks! Easier to use all carpets when they're all just called carpet!

*[SCP-7672-B-15 snickers. Szulc, Rivera, and Cornwell eye each other. Szulc clasps her hands.]*

**Szulc:** Right, so where were we?

*[Cornwell points at SCP-7672-B-12.]*

**Cornwell:** Him not chewing my shoe.

**SCP-7672-B-9:** No! Invasion! War!

*[The other SCP-7672-B instances begin chanting in unison.]*

**Szulc:** No, no, stop that. No war. You will have your ransom of socks.

*[SCP-7672-B-13 raises its "spear" and points it at Szulc.]*

**SCP-7672-B-13:** His Hoardship has revoked the ransom! We have orders to execute everyone here and take their socks instead!

*[Cornwell sighs. Rivera and Szulc exchange looks, and not moments later.]*

**Rivera:** What if we made the ransom bigger?

*[SCP-7672-B-13 comes closer and raises its monobrow.]*

**SCP-7672-B-13:** Bigger?

**Rivera:** Yes, and more regular! Fresh socks for everyone!

*[Szulc looks at Rivera, her grin very wide.]*

**Szulc:** And not just socks! Screws, bolts, and bricks too!

*[The SCP-7672-B instances all eye each other and form a circle. They begin to whisper between each other, looking suspiciously at the present Foundation personnel every few seconds. After two minutes, they stop talking, and turn back to face the gathered.]*

*[SCP-7672-B-9 puts its hands on its hips and over-exaggerates a frown.]*

**SCP-7672-B-9:** And where would you even get this much treasure? Huh?!

**Szulc:** All humans are born with socks already on their feet, you see. That's why we also value them beyond anything else.

**SCP-7672-B-10:** And what about screws, huh?! What about them?

**Cornwell:** And how do you think we keep our huge bodies from falling apart?

*[This time, Rivera is unable to resist, and lets out a loud laugh. She immediately realizes what she's done and puts a hand over her mouth. SCP-7672-B instances, however, do not seem to share her perception. Instead, they come together once more, and start to quickly talk between each other.]*

*[After a few moments, the creatures turn to face the Foundation staff again.]*

**SCP-7672-B-12:** Puny humans! We have deemed your offer most interesting!

**SCP-7672-B-14:** But before His Hoardship can accept, He will need your name-signed word!

*[The other entities nod energetically.]*

**Szulc:** Of course. We wouldn't hope to offer anything but.

*[The SCP-7672-B instances bring their fists into the air, letting out loud cheers.]*

**SCP-7672-B-13:** You have time to bring your peace before His Hoardship until the day breaks!

**SCP-7672-B-16:** And if you don't, then it's war!

**SCP-7672-B-9:** War!

**SCP-7672-B-10:** Invasion!

**SCP-7672-B-13:** War!

*[The creatures continue to vocalize different versions of the same statement as they start to run towards the cafeteria's carpeted flooring. When all of them eventually disappear beyond it, Cornwell slowly turns to face the remaining personnel.]*

**Cornwell:** We could have also just literally kicked them out, you know.

*[Noticing Szulc and Rivera eye her dangerously, Cornwell just shrugs.]*

**Cornwell:** What? All I'm saying is it would've been cheaper.

= **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

In light of the increasing SCP-7672-B activity ~~ as well as the fact that Site-120 personnel came to an agreement as to what needs to be done in order to humanely deal with the entities ~~ over the next three hours, the individuals involved with the summit proceeded to compose a "truce" agreement between Foundation staff and the population of SCP-7672-A. Its primary aim was to leave both parties satisfied, whilst also solving the potential containment crisis the continued existence of the entities threatened.

Attached below is its verbatim reproduction.

We, the servants of the Kingdom of Fundacia, solemnly beg His Hoardship of Goblinkind and Beyond for peace with our Kingdom. As per His Hoardship's most generous offer against an all-out war with His kind, we propose the following:

The Kingdom of Fundacia will commit itself to bringing regular, monthly ransoms consisting of ten fresh socks directly to His Hoardship. Additionally, in agreed-upon hours, the Kingdom will lend the King access to its one hundred and twentieth Palace, whereupon a generous tribute consisting of free access to its cafeteria treasure bins, most-valued leftover scraps, and loose bolts, invaluables and associated materials will be left scattered throughout the area.

In exchange, the Kingdom humbly begs His Hoardship to never bring his might against the Outside World in any capacity, hoping that the lands the Kingdom lends to Him will prove satisfactory. In addition, the Kingdom implores His Hoardship to never show the true might and beauty of His peoples to anyone within the Outside World who is not part of the Kingdom of Fundacia. The Kingdom does not wish for the excellence and power of His subjects to terrify the simple Outside Humans to their core.

So propose we, the hereby signed Council of Fundacia.

Dr. Szulc and DTF Zeta-8 then delivered the document to SCP-7672-B-PRIME. After some internal debate, the representative of the SCP-7672-B entities accepted the agreement without any comments, urging the Foundation to "respect its side of the peace just as much as His Hoardship, lest it wishes for total and unparalleled war."

Oversight over the project was handled from the Department of Ontokinetics to the Biology Department for the purpose of further study of the history of SCP-7672-A and SCP-7672-B, and the connection of the latter as an evolutionary subspecies of the Fae species. Further reclassifications are pending.

In the ten months since the signing of the agreement, no further incidents involving SCP-7672-A or its inhabitants were noted. However, with its now-reduced workload, Site-120's Maintenance Team team has reported a 48% increase in workplace satisfaction.

---

<< [SCP-7671](SCP-7671) | SCP-7672 | [SCP-7673](SCP-7673) >>

=====

> **Filename:** experiment.jpg

> **Name:** Baffled LIGO Scientists.jpg

> **Author:** Nkij

> **License:** CC BY 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Baffled_LIGO_Scientists.jpg)

> **Filename:** carpet.jpg

> **Name:** Flatweave rug, Caucasus, 1875-1925.jpg

> **Author:** The Textile Museum Collection

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Flatweave_rug,_Caucasus,_1875-1925.jpg)

> **Filename:** szulc.jpg

> **Name:** Woman with red hair of which I am jealous

> **Author:** Timothy Krause

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/timothykrause/5393914983/)

=====
