h1,

#page-title {

    color: black;

    border-color: black;

}

#main-content {

    margin-left: 5em;

}

#header {

   background: url('http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/component:theme/opconfw.png') 10px 40px no-repeat;

   background-image: url('http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/main/logo_250.png');

   background-size: 100px;

   background-position: 10px 64%;

}

#header h1 span::before {

    display: none;

}

#header h1 a:before {

    display: none;

}

 #header h2 span::before{

   display: none;

}

#side-bar{

   position: absolute;

   left: -15em;

}

#login-status{

   display: none;

}

body {

   color: hsl(0, 0%, 0%);

}

.footnotes-footer{display:none}

}

{{Contains mentions of murder, suicide, abuse, and dark themes.}}

**Item #:** SCP-7075

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7075-A and SCP-7075-B are to be kept inside a single enlarged chamber together. Only separate them when required for testing. Instructions for administering the modified Zener cards can be found in *Document 7075-A*, which will be given to assigned personnel. Approve any requests for intelligence-based items (board games, books of riddles, etc.) which may aid in testing. Likewise, deny any requests which may hinder.

**Containment Update:** Increase the rate of testing to four times a week with a focus on enhancing emotive and superconscious abilities. Subjects possess suicidal and homicidal ideation, but both state that their desires are manageable. Believe them until proven otherwise.

**Description:** SCP-7075 was an unknown individual who was subject to an occult ritual. This ritual was meant to transform it into a gestalt entity of great psychic influence, but instead split it into two sapient humanoids, designated SCP-7075-A and SCP-7075-B.

These two humanoids share a very potent psychological bond. Either one is able to instantly (and often involuntarily) transmit sensory information, ideas, and associations to the other with a ~0.009% accuracyWith typical levels of mental activity, this equates to around 5,500 conscious and subconscious thoughts per day.. Therefore, by all known metrics, SCP-7075-A and SCP-7075-B possess the most powerful telepathic connection ever recorded by the SCP Foundation. Research has shown that their telepathy has some conscious component which can be strengthened through mental exercises and tests of will. Researchers are encouraged to speak to their supervisors regarding the specifics.

SCP-7075-A is a 1.80-meter-tall male. It is thin, malnourished, and weak; having performed poorly during every one of its medical evaluations. It has paranoid tendencies and can sometimes fall into uncooperative or even hostile moods during testing, but it has yet to attack a researcher. A common delusion it suffers from is that SCP-7075-B or its caretakers are trying to harm it in some way. To ease this, researchers are encouraged to act more casually with SCP-7075-A than they usually would with SCPs.

SCP-7075-A has extensive scarring across its face and torso, which is indicative of ritual scarification. SCP-7075-A will occasionally have episodes where it bleeds from these scars for anywhere from five minutes to two-and-a-half hours. When asked why this happens, SCP-7075-A has stated that it "does not know and does not care." Examination has shown that this bleeding is visual only; it does not suffer any real harm during its episodes.

SCP-7075-B is a 1.54-meter-tall female. It appears to be far larger and heavier than SCP-7075-A and its limbs are particularly bloated compared to the rest of its body, lacking coloration in certain spots and sagging at the joints. Little is known about SCP-7075-B's personality since it has refused to speak to many researchers. However, it has shown a liking towards a very select few, the names of whom are included in *Document 7075-A*. It has sometimes spoken to SCP-7075-A when it believes they are not being listened to.

SCP-7075-A and SCP-7075-B are fraternal twins.

<details>
<summary>+ ASSORTED EXPERIMENT/INTERVIEW LOGS 02/09/████ - 19/10/████</summary>

> ****INTERVIEW LOG****

> 

> **INTERVIEWER:** Senior Researcher ██████

> 

> **INTERVIEWEE:** SCP-7075-A

> 

> ----

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Could you describe what you see when you get a transmission?

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Um... I don't see much. They go by so fast that I'm only able to catch a few words most of the time. Sometimes I think I get a smell? I get these bits and pieces that are all blended together into this... soup in my head. It's like if there was a tiger on the other side of the room growling really, really, really low. Sometimes it comes closer and sometimes it goes away, but it's always there.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** But it was different in the deprivation tank.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Oh, yeah. Jesus fucking Christ, what do you guys do to those things? I thought of doing something like that a while ago with a t-shirt and this kiddie pool, but I got really fuckin' scared at the last second and freaked out. I felt the same here, but everything was a lot more calm. I couldn't feel my face, it was fucking incredible.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** You remember what you saw?

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** A little bit, yeah. When it started, I was like upside down and I was floating and looking down at this black ocean. My eyes were messed up. Like, I knew for some reason that I wasn't looking at the ocean, I was looking at a really big sphere of water, like a floating mass kind of thing. But I saw--I saw a circle. It was this flat circle like a flag, and it made me really scared. I tried to look somewhere else, but I couldn't move my head. My whole body felt limp. And I felt this really loud, distorted roar in my right ear. It was like a lion was screaming through a sp... No, it wasn't an animal scream. It was like... I don't know, something more primal.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Something more primal than an animal? 

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I don't know, man, it was really fucked. I'm sorry, I don't know how to describe it. It fucked with me.

> ****INTERVIEW LOG****

> 

> **INTERVIEWER:** Senior Researcher ██████

> 

> **INTERVIEWEE:** SCP-7075-A

> 

> ----

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** So you don't have the best relationship with your sister. That's a very normal experience for kids your age.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I don't hate her or anything. She's really like... I don't want to say a rude word.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** You're allowed to call her a bitch if that is how you really feel.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Um... yeah. Yeah, I guess she is. She thinks she's better than everyone else.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** What makes you say that?

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** The way she acts. The way that she thinks. She eats a lot of my food and she's mean to people and she's a really big weight on everything. She used to be nice when we were first created, but now every day is a slog. I hate talking to her. I don't like feeling like that because we're connected, but I do. I'm sorry.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** You don't have to apologize, David. That's a perfectly normal reaction to have, especially cooped up in a place like this twenty-four hours a day.

> ****INTERVIEW LOG****

> 

> **INTERVIEWER:** Senior Researcher ██████

> 

> **INTERVIEWEE:** SCP-7075-A

> 

> ----

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I had another dream last night. Could I talk about that?

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** If you want to, sure.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Thanks. Um... I think it was the same thing as last time with me on the floor in the kitchen. This time I wasn't looking through my eyes though, I was looking through my mom's. I was saying all the same shit, but now I could feel what she was feeling--what I think she was feeling when I was saying it.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** What was she thinking?

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** She wasn't um... she wasn't really thinking anything at all. I couldn't catch any words or anything, but I knew that she was feeling blue. She was the most blue I'd ever seen. It wasn't like an ocean blue or an aquarium blue, it was a lot more intense. It made me wanna puke. It was so... burning in my eyes and my stomach.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Maybe it was something medical. You said she had seizures sometimes, didn't you? That could be how she was feeling when it came on.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** No, no man! It wasn't anything like that.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Alright, sorry -- I'm sorry. What did it feel like?

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** It was so... sad and cold and lonely. I felt the blue everywhere around me, no matter how much I shut my eyes. My eyelids weren't even black anymore. The longer that I looked at me on the floor the more I wanted to collapse. I wanted to die. I didn't wanna be there anymore. I felt so disappointed in myself and, like, pissed at the world for fucking doing this to me. I had no fucking clue why I of all people was chosen to suffer through this. It was terrifying, it was terrifying.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** And, um... I felt really bad when I woke up. I stopped drinking a while ago 'cause of some other shit with one of my friends, but if I could've felt that, I would've stopped earlier. I fucking hate it so much. It fucking disgusts me, man.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** What happened with your fr-

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Could you take me back to my room please? I'm fucked up right now. I'm fucked, I'm done.

> ****INTERVIEW LOG****

> 

> **INTERVIEWER:** Senior Researcher ██████

> 

> **INTERVIEWEE:** SCP-7075-B

> 

> **FOREWORD:** Subject expressed a sudden interest in being interviewed, but would not give a reason why. Request was approved.

> 

> ----

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Before we get into this, can I ask why you want to be interviewed all of a sudden? Is there something that happened recently?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** No.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Okay. Do you have a request you'd like to make? Something for your room?

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** I see. Um, okay, I guess I'm choosing to do it now. I don't give a shit anymore. If you need to kill me to do it, I'd like to be drowned or shot in the head. Maybe poisoned, but however you wanna do it is fine. I don't know how David wants to do it, but he feels the same way. Just do it before I change my mind.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Excuse me?

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** I'm sorry. I didn't expect that in all honesty. *(Laughs.)* Are you... Do you think you're depressed? If you are, we have some things that could help you. Everybody in here can get a little crazy sometimes, heh.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** What? You don't have to talk like that. I said I don't give a shit. You can... fuckin' kill me already.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** So, I understand how you're feeling right now and I want you to know that it's a very normal thing for people like you, but suicide is never a rational response -- not in *any* circumstance, okay?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** You're such a... cruel piece of shit. I know what you want. I can see his thoughts, dumbass. I know what the fuck you're trying to tell me. I don't care. I'm not gonna run or try and kill one of you or take your guns. I don't give a shit. I don't have any more reasons to stay alive.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Oh, come on. You know that's not why you two are here. And you have plenty of reasons to live. You still have your brother, don't you? You're just as powerful a telepath as he is. Without you he's useless, he's just another guy walking down the street. Your existence alone makes him one of the most important people in history. You two shatter every rule of science, every rule of psychology, metaphysics -- you shatter everything every day! You two being born is one of the most consequential events in all of human history. Doesn't that excite you? Doesn't that make you happy? 

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** We still don't know the full extent of your own capabilities. You could gain even more control over your mind than he can.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ ASSORTED EXPERIMENT/INTERVIEW LOGS 14/05/████ - 07/06/████</summary>

> ****EXPERIMENT LOG****

> 

> **ADMINISTRATOR:** Senior Researcher ██████

> 

> **SUBJECT(S):** SCP-7075-A

> 

> ----

> 

> *(SR. RESEARCHER ██████ presents a card containing a cartoon drawing of an elephant.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Um... Fuck. I don't know.

> 

> *(SR. RESEARCHER ██████ presents a card containing a photograph of a dangerously malnourished child.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I don't know.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Your sister is thinking of ending her life.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Is this part of the test?

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** It's important. Your sister wants either you or her to die. I know she's been considering it for a long time. When did it start?

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I don't really know what you're talking about. If she ever thought about doing, y'know, I never caught it.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Bullshit. You can't lie to me when your sister's on suicide watch. I need to know when this started, David.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I'm not lying! I don't know shit, man. I don't want to know about stuff like that, I've got my own shit to worry about.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Like what?

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Like, fucking... these tests, man! I wanna get better at this. I wanna, y'know, fucking help humanity or some shit. If she wants to fucking die then that's her business, I don't care. Get her a therapist or something.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** You can't turn your back on her, David. She's your *sister*. She's family ~~ you have to look out~~

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Older sister.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** --for... Okay yes, older sister. But she's family.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I don't give a shit if she's family. She's older than me, I shouldn't have to take care of her.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** I'm saying that strictly speaking, you're still the man of the house, even if she is older. You should recognize that.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Stop trying to make me have a relationship with her. I don't fucking care. She can't do anything to me.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** That's not what--

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Shut the *fuck* up

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Okay -- okay.

> 

> *(SR. RESEARCHER ██████ presents a card containing a photograph of the Portrait of Henry VIII by Hans Holbien.)*

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** What do you think this one is?

> ****INTERVIEW LOG****

> 

> **ADMINISTRATOR:** Senior Researcher ██████

> 

> **SUBJECT(S):** SCP-7075-B

> 

> ----

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** You should fucking kill yourself. If you want to help me then that's what you should do. That's the only thing that David thinks about.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** I know that's not true.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** No you fuckin' don't.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Do you think you're getting anywhere acting like this? Do you think that if you say 'bitch' or 'whore' five-hundred times, we'll release you?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Mm.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** What was that?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Fuck you. You should.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** We should do a lot of things but we don't do that. You need to stop being such a brat. We let some anomalies live normal lives, but you're never going to get there acting like this.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Yeah, 'cause I'm never gonna get there at all.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Don't say that!

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Shut your dumb ass up, bitch. I'm gonna fucking kill him when I get back to my cell, I don't give a shit. I'm gonna kill him then I'm gonna kill you.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Sarah, you've said--

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Shut up!

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** *Sarah*.

> ****INTERVIEW LOG****

> 

> **ADMINISTRATOR:** Senior Researcher ██████

> 

> **SUBJECT(S):** SCP-7075-A

> 

> ----

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** What'd she do?

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Why do you think this is about her? I wanted to talk to you.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** No you don't. I just do what you want. The only reason you talk to me anymore is because you wanna know how to get her to stop being insane.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** That's a pretty cruel thing to say, David. I mean, I've answered all of the questions you've given me haven't I? I'm not lying to you.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Is this a good place?

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** What?

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Do you think you're working for a good organization.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Oh. Well, I can't exactly say yes, can I? We keep people in boxes. Sometimes I'm lucky enough to be a glorified zookeeper, but most of the time I get people -- people like you. I have to feed you, I have to bathe you, I have to make sure that you don't take your own life in here. I do really bad stuff on a daily basis so that people that were lucky enough to be born normal aren't harmed. What does that make me?

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** An asshole.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** You could say that. But somebody has to do what I do. Humanity would've died hundreds of times if we didn't exist. Women, David, women and children would've all died. You would've never existed, nor your mom or dad or any of your grandparents. The reason they do is because there's men like me doing what I'm doing.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Let me tell you something before I go, there are a lot of researchers here. There are a lot of people that'd like to work with you specifically, and not all of them are as nice as me. Not all of them are willing to talk to you like this -- they'd treat you like a dog. They'd treat your sister even worse. She'd be actually insane if I wasn't here.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Mmm. Maybe. I don't know.

> ****INTERVIEW LOG****

> 

> **ADMINISTRATOR:** Senior Researcher ██████

> 

> **SUBJECT(S):** SCP-7075-B

> 

> ----

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Tell me why then. You've got thirty seconds.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** B... Because you're supposed to help me! You're supposed to fucking back me up when I tell you things, not sit there and do nothing like you're... you're a fucking bitch.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** I've told you five times already -- I'm telling you for the sixth time now: that is not my job. I'm not your therapist. I'm not here to make you feel better about yourself; I'm here to... I'm here to train you. This, everything I'm doing with you, is to give you a stronger connection with your brother. I don't care what happened between you two before you got here, but you've got to get rid of that right now.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** I'm not doing your fucking experiments. I'm not a fucking animal.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** When did I say any of that -- *any* of that? You're not even listening to what I'm saying at this point.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** I don't give a shit.

> 

>  **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Okay.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Your brother likes me because he knows that I'm not trying to hurt him. I'm here to do a job. I want you to dump all of this out on me because at the end of the day, I'll forget about it. You can try and hide all you want, but you're unlucky enough to be born with a megaphone in your head. So you have two paths, you can either hurt someone you really care about or you can hurt me, the person who's asking for it. And right now it seems like you're wanna hurt him.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Am I wrong?

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Okay, I see. I'll come back another day when you're ready to take responsibility for yourself.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Fuck you.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ ASSORTED EXPERIMENT/INTERVIEW LOGS 30/06/████ - 23/12/████</summary>

> ****AUDIO LOG****

> 

> **INTERVIEWER:** SCP-7075-A

> 

> **INTERVIEWEE:** SCP-7075-B

> 

> **FOREWORD:** At approximately 18:12, while SCP-7075-A and SCP-7075-B were eating dinner, they had a brief conversation.

> 

> ----

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** That's a real piece of shit thing to fucking say.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Could you be quiet?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Jesus fucking Christ, can you shut up? You know that's all horseshit. I'm sorry but it's so fucking annoying to listen to you fucking ramble on for ages about shit that's so obviously untrue. I swear, when are you going to give up on your fucking image? You overthink what you are to the point where you cripple yourself because you know that if you ever tried to actually live as yourself you'd never be able to be as great as you are in your head. It's fucking stupid. The issue isn't me, it's that stupid image. Just be you. Be my fucking brother and we'll be fine. They're lying to you and they're gonna betray you and put you in a fucking coma the first chance they get. I swear to God, man. I swear to God.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Shut the fuck up. We're both fucking powerless in here.

> 

> *(SCP-7075-B begins to cry.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** You're so fucking stupid. I hate you. Why the fuck am I chained to you.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** 'Cause we're amoebas.

> 

> *(SCP-7075-A laughs.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Amoeeeeeee*eeee*baaas. There's literally nothing we can do. Y'know, if we were captured by aliens or by like the army or something, there'd at least be a small chance we could get out? But not here. That's what's fucking weird. We're actually completely fucked. We are going to fucking die.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** They're Nazis. You want to be a hero in the eyes of fucking Nazis!

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Yeah, I know.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Then why are you still going with them!?

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** 'Cause there's fucking... There's nothing else out there, man. We're fucked. The people living out in the cities and the suburbs and the kids and the teenagers -- they're all so, so, so fucked. There's so many monsters in the world. You can't even imagine how many things want to kill us. There's so many monsters, and now that we know about them they're gonna kill us if we leave. We're fucked either way so we might as well pick the side that won't shoot us.

> 

>  **SCP-7075-B:** They're not gonna kill us. That's just bullshit they tell you to make you scared. Even if there is that much, we can fight them. We can do shit. *You* can do shit. We could make it out.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Yeah, but we won't though. We're fucking idiots. They've got... ghosts and snipers and the FBI. They can kill us wherever we are. We can't even go to space, they've got guys up there too. They've got guys at the bottom of the ocean. Do you know how big they actually are? Do you know how many times the world ended and we just didn't know about it because they won't tell us? I'm not the same fuckin' guy I was when I was born, Sarah, and you weren't the same girl.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Don't fuckin' cry.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I'm not gonna cry. I just...

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** If you cry, then I'm gonna cry.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I fucking... I hate you so fucking much. I really wish I could just do this alone. Why the fuck am I attached to you. Why can't I do it myself. I don't care. You deserve whatever the fuck they do to you.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** I don't care. I'm right. You're choosing the Nazis over your own family. You're pathetic.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I hate you.

> ****AUDIO LOG****

> 

> **INTERVIEWER:** SCP-7075-A

> 

> **INTERVIEWEE:** SCP-7075-B

> 

> ----

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** I remember my dream.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Yeah?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** I dreamed I was in a small town by the coast and they had these weird representatives kind of. There were fifty of them because of the fifty states. I was the one for Rhode Island but I was also the sheriff. I think I was a serial killer too. The whole time I was killing all of these people, I cut up this one old lady and I shot these three people on this boat, and the whole time I was scared because I thought the police were gonna come for me.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** They figured you out, didn't they?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Yeah... I think they did. I killed everyone except for one other person, because I knew if I was the last one standing then they'd know that I was the killer, so I kept one other person with me. I thought that would stop them from questioning me, but one day I was working and this guy came in who I was friends with years ago.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** *(Unintelligible)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** I don't think he really existed. It's my brain's way of talking to me. He like, called me over and asked to talk privately and asked me what I was doing that night and I kinda started to cry.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I don't know why you'd feel guilty over all of that. Just don't talk. They have nothing to use against you.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** I don't know. I felt awful 'cause they fuckin' got him. They fucking got *him*. The last time I saw him I felt like I understood him and now I couldn't tell at all what he was. I thought he'd try to relate to me or coax it out of me or have a heart-to-heart but he fucking slapped me with it. I don't know what I did wrong to him.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** You didn't do anything. Guys are just like that sometimes.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Am I a bad person?

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I think everyone's a bad person.

> ****INTERVIEW LOG****

> 

> **ADMINISTRATOR:** Senior Researcher ██████

> 

> **SUBJECT(S):** SCP-7075-B

> 

> ----

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Hell fuckin' yes you do. Do you know how incredible it is that you and your brother are alive? Your existence alone disproves half of science. Your existence disproves almost every single philosophical theory developed in the last 300 years. I-I mean do you even understand how fucking unbelievably rude what you just said was?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Shut up bitch.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Do you even know who Carl Jung is? Do you know what the collective--

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Shut up fucking slut--

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** unconscious is? It is the foundation for the entire field of psychology. It is the lynchpin, it is the only fuckin' thing keeping it together and you and your brother proved that it exists. Not as some sociological thing or useful idea, but a real, tangible, physical thing you can interact with. You can touch it. You can beat the shit out of it if you want. Does that not make you happy? Does the knowledge that you are actually the center of the universe not enough for you because you get bored sometimes?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** You're a fucking whore pig hillbilly skimp whore. You're so fucking useless compared to me, you should kill yourself.

> 

> *(A short screeching sound.)*

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** Alright. I'm done here. Go back to your cell.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** I don't wanna.

> 

> **SR. RESEARCHER ██████:** I don't care.

> ****EXPERIMENT LOG****

> 

> **INTERVIEWER:** N/A

> 

> **INTERVIEWEE:** SCP-7075-A 

> 

> **FOREWORD:** Senior Researcher ██████ was unavailable. In his place, an automated interviewer conducted the experiment.

> 

> ----

> 

> *(Machine presents a sheet of paper which contains the words 'Lunwi Gibbins' written eighty-nine times in #2 pencil.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I don't know. Paper and something. 

> 

> *(Machine presents a sheet of printer paper which contains two numbers: the approximate number of natural births occurring at that moment and the approximate number of natural deaths occurring at the same time per SCP Foundation data collected that week.)*

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Man don't show me that shit.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **Machine:** Please give an answer, even if you are not sure.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** It's nothing.

> 

> *(Machine presents a photograph of the Earth taken from the moon's surface.)*

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> ****AUDIO LOG****

> 

> **INTERVIEWER:** SCP-7075-A

> 

> **INTERVIEWEE:** SCP-7075-B

> 

> ----

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Why are you so pissed off?

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** It's not about you.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Yeah it is.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** How do you know?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Because it's always about me.

> 

> *(Silence. SCP-7075-A begins to cry.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I hate the things you make me think about. I wanna be good; I really wanna be a good person. I don't wanna be like my dad. I'm so fucking lucky to have this gift, you can't even fucking imagine. I wanna help so many fucking people. I don't care if I never get a girlfriend or a private life or anything, I don't fucking care, I just want to make sure that the kids who don't have a fucking thing don't get fucked. I'm so scared they're gonna die, but I can't do shit because I'm stuck with you. Fucking *you*. You and your stupid fucking whining and you trying to be the victim here. We're both fucking victims. We're in the same boat. We're stuck in the same fucking circle and yeah, I know the guy is gonna fuck me but he's in a circle too and he's just trying to do his best. He's got a boss, his boss has got a boss, that boss has got a boss. They're fucking each other all the way down and I got a chance to ignore that shit and just be a fucking -- a good guy! So I don't fucking care.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** We're not in the same boat.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** You're such a bitch.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** No, I'm not.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Why can't you just help me?

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** 'Cause it's not the right thing to do.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** Yes it is.

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** No it's not.

> 

> **SCP-7075-A:** I don't fuckin' care.

> 

> *(Silence.)*

> 

> **SCP-7075-B:** Well, I don't either.

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7074](SCP-7074) | SCP-7075 | [SCP-7076](SCP-7076) >>
