**Author:** 

[Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/astralnav)

⚠️ **Content warning:** Stalking, mention of sex

**Item #:** SCP-7482

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7482 is to be kept in the archives of Site-██. Access is to be restricted to staff with Clearance Level 5/7482.

**Description:** SCP-7482 is a Commodore SuperPET SP9000 computer that has collected data from all electronic devices on Earth since January 1st, 1984. Access to this data is only possible by creating queries in custom FORTRAN code, and requires knowledge of the esoteric data structures it uses. Research is ongoing to expand Foundation understanding of these data structures; with those currently known, anomaly identification and containment have increased by 15%.

**Addendum 7482.1:** Data Query Logs of Head Researcher Niccol

**02/14/20██, 10:21**

**Query Summary:** Set Default Subject: Emily Hayden. Video recordings, Jan 1 - Jan 31, 20██, location: primary residence.

**Purpose**: Testing SCP-7482's ability to isolate historical footage in domestic settings.

**Result:** *Blurry webcam footage of a partially-clothed woman is seen, half-humming and half-singing to herself as she prepares breakfast alone in a kitchen.*

**02/14/20██, 12:15**

**Query Summary:** Mobile application data, keyword: "dating", all messages.

**Purpose:** Testing SCP-7482's ability to acquire text data from modern mobile applications.

**Result:** *A history of messaging on a dating app. The most recent series of messages are between Emily and a man named Chandler. They reveal a growing relationship of a sexual nature. The most recent message indicates the couple has planned to meet for Valentine's Day.*

**02/14/20██, 12:32**

**Query Summary:** Subject: Emily Hayden, audio recordings, bedroom, February 14, 20██

**Purpose:** Testing SCP-7482's audio isolation capabilities in mixed-signal environments. 

**Result:** *An audio log, which begins to play sounds of an intimate encounter between Emily Hayden and a man identified via frantic vocalizations as "Chandler".  Heavy breathing and murmured expressions of adoration can be heard as the pair engage in sexual intercourse. This section of audio is replayed 13 times.*

**02/14/20██, 12:47**

**Query Summary:** Mobile application data, keyword: "menstrual tracking", date range: February 20██

**Purpose:** Testing SCP-7482's ability to render non-standard application data.

**Result:** *A log of entries from a mobile menstruation tracking application showing Emily Hayden's cycle.*

**02/14/20██, 13:02**

**Query Summary:** Central location: Default subject's primary residence. Search keywords: "pharmacy", "delivery", "abortifacient"

**Purpose:** Testing SCP-7482's ability to provide location data relevant to a target location.

**Result:** *Data showing pharmacies near Emily Hayden's residence which have delivery services for abortifacient medications.*

**02/14/20██, 13:10**

**Query Summary:** Financial information

**Purpose:** Testing SCP-7482's ability to provide comprehensive financial details

**Result:** *A detailed report on all financial information of Emily Hayden. Included is a list of all bank accounts, login information, and confidential payment information such as credit card numbers.*

**02/15/20██, 16:25**

**Query Summary:** All available data, keywords: "schedule", "calendar", February 20██

**Purpose:** Testing a new program to collect a comprehensive location record from SCP-7482 by combining data from multiple sources.

**Result:** *A collection of date/time data from calendar apps, mobile phone location tracking, and job records, which reveal the day-to-day pattern of Emily Hayden's location. The current date indicates plans to go out to drinks with friends in the evening.*

**02/15/20██, 16:32.**

**Query Summary:** Entry codes, home security, current.

**Purpose:** Testing SCP-7482's ability to provide current security codes to secured locations.

**Result:** *A list of currently employed entry codes for the home security system and automatic door locks of Emily Hayden's residence. The house lock code matches the last 4 digits of Chandler's phone number.*

**02/17/20██, 14:24**

**Query Summary:** Psychiatric records

**Purpose:** Testing SCP-7482's ability to acquire data for psychological profiling.

**Result:** *An array of all the notes entered by the therapist of Emily Hayden detailing the specifics of their sessions.  The notes indicate Emily is seeking assistance with worsening symptoms of paranoia that are now affecting her career and interpersonal relationships. They discuss past behavior of stalking from Emily's ex-husband, and how a recent event has caused her to believe he is escalating again.*

**02/17/20██, 16:52**

**Query Summary:** Police reporting, Feb 20██

**Purpose:** Testing SCP-7482's ability to gather law enforcement data.

**Result:** *A list of police reports made, sorted by recency. The first one is from Emily Hayden, stating that her home was broken into but showed no signs of forced entry. The evidence discovered includes an STD test kit with "CUNT WHORE" written on it in black marker, all mirrors in the house being shattered, all makeup destroyed, and several items of clothing having been torn apart.*

**Addendum 7482.2** Ethics Review 7482-4193

**SUBJECT:** SCP-7482 Misuse by Dr. Lucien Niccol

**REPORTING OFFICER:** Alicia Harrow, Ethics Liaison (Site-██)

**Summary**

An ethics review of SCP-7482 handling was conducted on ██/██/██. It was discovered that Dr. Niccol's research queries had focused exclusively on a single civilian subject: Emily Hayden, ex-wife of Dr. Niccol. Additionally, Dr. Niccol was discovered to have acted on data recovered from this program, without approval, in a campaign of stalking and revenge against his ex-wife. The following are considered by the Ethics Committee to be the most serious actions taken by Dr. Niccol: 

# Stole Emily's credit card info to purchase and deliver abortifacient medication to her while she was mid-coitus.

# Obtained codes to her home security system and entry lock to facilitate breaking and entering, where he destroyed her property and left a threatening note and an STD test.

Dr. Niccol has been placed on administrative leave, pending formal action. 

**Recommended disciplinary action:**

* Permanent removal from the SCP-7482 project

* Full psychological evaluation

* Revocation of Clearance Level 5/7482

* Amnestic application to remove knowledge of the project and all data he has recovered.

**O5 OVERRIDE**

**Authorization:** O5-1

**Comment:** Dr. Niccol is too valuable to our efforts with SCP-7482. Replacing his knowledge of the anomaly's data structures would set us back by an unacceptable amount of time. The research Dr. Niccol performed to get Ms. Hayden's data has proven the effectiveness of the SCP-7482 program. Dock his pay, but he will be permitted to continue with the project.

<< [SCP-7481](SCP-7481) | SCP-7482 | [SCP-7483](SCP-7483) >>

 

> **Filename:** Commodore SuperPET SP9000 (Thomas Conté).jpg

> **Author:** Thomas Conté

> **License:** CC-BY-SA-2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Commodore_SuperPET_SP9000_(Thomas_Cont%C3%A9).jpg
