=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-7583 

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7583 is contained within a monitored storage unit at Site-19. When a relocation event occurs, a retrieval team is to be immediately dispatched to Dr. Callaway's location. Amnestics are to be administered to nearby civilians as necessary.

**Description:** SCP-7583 is a plastic toy doll wearing a pale blue jumpsuit. It is covered in a mixture of dirt and dried clay and is missing its left arm and ear.

SCP-7583's primary anomalous trait is teleportation, referred to as a relocation event. When a relocation event occurs, SCP-7583 will disappear and reappear within direct eyesight of Dr. Callaway. Attempts to use a tracker to locate SCP-7583 after a relocation event have failed, as all items attached to SCP-7583, excluding its clothing, will remain behind when it teleports.

The reason for SCP-7583's fixation with Dr Callaway is unknown.

**Addendum 7583-1: New Instance** 

On 12/3/2017, a new instance (designated SCP-7583-2) was discovered in Dr. Callaway's office at Site-19 during a meeting between him and O5-3. As the meeting was taking place, Dr. Callaway spotted both instances on a shelf behind O5-3. The new instance has a similar appearance to SCP-7583-1, except it is only missing its right leg.

After the arrival of the retrieval team, SCP-7583-2 was taken to the same storage unit as the original instance. For easy identification, both instances have been marked with their respective designation.

**Addendum 7583-2: Dr. Callaway's Request**

As of 7/2/2020, there are 21 confirmed instances of SCP-7583. The significant increase in new instances has caused extreme distress to Dr. Callaway, who has had to cut back on a number of public activities, including accompanying his daughter to her medical appointments for her undiagnosed degenerative illness.

Given Dr. Callaway's value to the Foundation, including his work on three high value projects, the termination of SCP-7583 was approved by O5-3. However, all attempts were met with failure, with the instances fully reforming after relocation events. 

As the termination of SCP-7583 has failed, research has begun into a method of permanent containment, or removal of its anomalous properties.

**Addendum 7583-3: SCP-7583 Social Media Footage**

Two days ago, on 12/3/2020, a video of SCP-7583-15 teleporting on top of Dr. Callaway's vehicle was posted onto several social media sites. The instance is seen appearing on the vehicle's roof as Dr. Callaway drove past a security camera at ██████ in ███████, █████. The video was removed an hour after posting, and efforts are underway to remove all reuploads and explain the appearance of SCP-7583-15 as being added by a video edit.

Notably, a majority of the comments on the video are not related to SCP-7583-15, but are instead focused on the child sitting in the back of the vehicle. This child bears a resemblance to 10-year-old Calium Wallis, who went missing on the same day the footage was captured.

This has resulted in threats directed toward Dr. Callaway from individuals related to Calium Wallis and from others who believe he may be responsible for, or involved with, the disappearance of 21 other children in the area.

In order to assure Dr. Callaway's safety, a security team has been deployed to his home. 

**Addendum 7583-4: SCP-7583 Mass Relocation Event**

An hour after the security team was dispatched from Site-19, SCP-7583 underwent a mass relocation event wherein all SCP-7583 instances simultaneously teleported out of containment. Dr. Callaway was immediately contacted regarding the event, but he could not be reached.

Upon arriving at Dr. Callaway's home, the security team entered and found Dr. Callaway in his basement. He was deceased, having hanged himself from the basement's rafters using an extension cord. 

Also present within the basement was a full set of surgical tools and two surgical tables, one of which had the partially dismembered body of Calium Wallis, and the other covered in blood, later identified as belonging to Lily Callaway, Dr. Callaway's daughter.

Found on the floor below Dr. Callaway's body was a note from him to his daughter that read: 'I am sorry you had to find out this way. Everything I did, I did for you. I will always love you, Lily.'

After locating Dr. Callaway, the security team followed a trail of blood leading from the basement to Lily Callaway's bedroom. Inside was the body of Lily Callaway and the SCP-7583 instances. Through unknown means, Lily Callaway had removed her organs, muscles, limbs and nerves and attached them to the SCP-7583 instances, replacing their missing pieces. 

Later DNA analysis of Lily Callaway and her remains revealed a total of 22 different DNA samples. 

**Addendum 7583-5: SCP-7583 Classification Discussion**

After the deaths of Dr. Callaway and Lily Callaway, no further relocation events have been recorded. Due to a lack of anomalous activity from SCP-7583, the O5 Council has scheduled a vote to change its classification to neutralised. 

The Council has also released a memorandum stating they had no prior knowledge of Dr. Callaway's actions, and that an inquiry into him has been launched. The findings will be released to those with Level 5 clearance only.

<< [SCP-7582](SCP-7582) | SCP-7583 | [SCP-7584](SCP-7584) >>

> **Filename:** doll.png

> **Name:** Doll broken kz01.jpg

> **Author:** Krzysztof Ziarnek, Kenraiz

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Doll_broken_kz01.jpg

> **Filename:** dolllimbs.png

> **Name:** Limbs of broken dolls.jpg

> **Author:** Anna Bauer

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Limbs_of_broken_dolls.jpg
