**Item #:** SCP-7254

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7254 is contained in a standard humanoid cell located in Site-24's E-Wing. The subject is to be provided with one gallon of goat's blood by no less than two D-class personnel on the first day of each month. Investigation into SCP-7254's origin remains ongoing.

**Description:** SCP-7254 is a Tartarean entity of unclear classification, presently inhabiting the body of eight year old Abigail Burr.

SCP-7254 exhibits most of the characteristics associated with possessive daemons - namely, unnatural strength, heightened resistance to injury, and insatiable appetite for human flesh. As determined through ectographic imaging techniques, SCP-7254's natural form is that of a tall chimeric humanoid typical of *Daemonium vulgaris*, possessing porcineOf or relating to pigs., corvineOf or relating to crows. and piscineOf or relating to fish. attributes. SCP-7254 has shown no ability to communicate whilst in Foundation custody (see Addendum).

Conventional methods of excising SCP-7254 have thus far been unsuccessful, though the subject remains in a heavily subdued state through a combination of defensive chants and runes. The [ Department of Mythology and Folkloristics](Department of Mythology and Folkloristics Hub ) has been tasked with consulting relevant historical sources for information regarding SCP-7254, under the presumption that uncovering its true name may grant the Foundation some degree of influence.

**Addendum:** SCP-7254 came to Foundation attention after killing 36 civilians at a compound belonging to a (now defunct) Christian sect known as the Fellowship of the True Faith, of which Burr's parents were recent initiates. A cover story was dispensed, stating the deaths to have been a case of mass suicide. Fellowship doctrine was noted for its unorthodox views on the nature of disease, attributing all physical ailments to daemonic possession. 

Three weeks prior to SCP-7254's manifestation, Abigail Burr was subject to trepanationA medical procedure whereby a small hole is drilled directly into the skull. by Fellowship doctors. This was ostensibly in an effort to cure her epilepsy, with group prayer and herbal therapy having failed to mitigate her symptoms. There is no evidence to suggest that SCP-7254 was deliberately invoked: Foundation daemonologists have suggested that the entity may have become stranded in the material universe at some point in the past (likely the result of a failed summoning attempt), and gravitated towards Burr as her open skull cavity allowed ease of access to a living host. 

The sole surviving church member was Dr. Anthony Harrigan, whose wife and son were both killed, and partially consumed in the attack. Dr. Harrigan, who was one of the physicians tasked with overseeing Burr's trepanation, later testified that in the midst of the massacre, speaking in coherent English, SCP-7254 personally thanked him.

---

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-leonerd-s-author-page More from this author...]

---

<< [SCP-7253](SCP-7253) | SCP-7254 | [SCP-7255](SCP-7255) >>
