:root {

    --timeScale: 1.75;

    --timeDelay: 0.75s;

}

.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

**Item #:** SCP-7144

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ ~~Keter~~ Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7144-1 is to be held in a locked standard object containment unit at Site-19. Monthly maintenance is to be performed to prevent rust buildup on SCP-7144-1's exterior.

Additional security measures have been deemed unnecessary following incident 7144-Δ.

<details>
<summary>+ Archived Containment Procedures 10/8/1997</summary>

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7144-1 is currently uncontained and in the possession of SCP-7144-2. Both SCP-7144-1 and SCP-7144-2 are to be closely monitored for any changes in behavior.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Archived Containment Procedures 16/2/1996</summary>

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7144-1 and SCP-7144-2 are to be held together in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-19. In the event of SCP-7144-1 entering its hostile state, the interior of the chamber is to be flooded with halothane gas. If the resulting incapacitation of SCP-7144-2 fails to pacify SCP-7144-1, the current instance is to be incapacitated via ~~gunfire~~ ~~extreme heat~~ **[See Incident 7144-γ**]

At no point should SCP-7144-1 and SCP-7144-2 be separated from one another for more than ~~60~~ ~~30~~ 5 minutesSCP-7144-1's change in surface temperature was noted to increase rapidly when line of sight with SCP-7144-2 was broken. The rate at which this effect occurred was noted to increase over time.  . ~~Use of force is permitted in achieving this result.~~ **[See SCP-7144-C]**

In an effort to reduce the frequency of SCP-7144-1 hostile events, VCR tapes, music CDs, and books are to be provided to SCP-7144-2 upon request.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Archived Containment Procedures 10/10/1995</summary>

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7144-1 is to be contained in a reinforced concrete containment chamber at Site-19. At least two armed guards are to be stationed outside SCP-7144-1's chamber at all times. In the event of a containment breach, personnel are instructed to incapacitate the current instance through blunt force or extreme heat.

SCP-7144-2 is to be monitored for anomalous activity and/or changes in daily routines.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Archived Containment Procedures 23/9/1995</summary>

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7144-1 is to be held in a locked standard object containment unit at Site-19

Relegation to Anomalous Item status has been scheduled for 1/11/1995

</details>

**Description:** SCP-7144 is a phenomenon affecting Andrew Davidson and his mobile hot dog stand, designated in this document as SCP-7144-2 and SCP-7144-1, respectively.

SCP-7144-1 is a mobile food stand modified for the preparation and sale of hot dogs. SCP-7144-1's make and model are similar to hot dog carts produced throughout the mid 1900s. Apart from its ~~sole~~ anomalous effects, SCP-7144-1 is functionally identical to a non-anomalous hot dog cart.

It is not currently known when SCP-7144-1 was first constructed.

SCP-7144-2 is a 45-year-old male possessing no anomalous traits when not utilizing SCP-7144-1. Physical examination has revealed the subject to be in good health, although his mental state has degraded considerably while under Foundation custody. Records indicate that SCP-7144-2 has been selling hot dogs for more than 27 years and that SCP-7144-1 has been in the possession of the Davidson family since the early 1940s.

SCP-7144-1 possesses the ability to produce a seemingly unlimited number of hot dogs when used by SCP-7144-2, hereby designated as SCP-7144-3. Hot dogs produced by SCP-7144-1 spontaneously manifest in the object’s hot water tank but do not appear to be directly influenced by the actions of SCP-7144-2. Instances of SCP-7144-3 are safe for human consumption, with testing revealing no noticeable abnormalities. Spectroscopic testing has revealed that SCP-7144-3 specimens have an identical chemical composition to Nathan's-brand hot dogs.

SCP-7144 came to the Foundation's attention during a routine sweep of the New York metropolitan area in the August of 1995. Further investigation by Foundation agents revealed localized downward spikes in hume levels when SCP-7144-2 utilized SCP-7144-1 to conduct business. SCP-7144-1 was subsequently contained under the guise of a New York Health Department violation.SCP-7144-2 was provided with a hot dog cart of identical make and model post-amnestization

**Audio Log Transcript**

**Date:** 9/8/1995

**Subject:** SCP-7144-1 Classification

**Team Lead:** Dr. James Palmer

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Palmer:** Are you sure this piece of junk warrants a classification?

**Agent Martinez:** Hume readings were there, sir.

**Dr. Palmer:** We've put the thing through every test we have. It's a cart that makes endless hot dogs.

*Brief Pause*

Come to think of it, the one guy that can actually trigger the damn thing's effect is probably back home in Brooklyn already. Can't we just add it to the anomalous object log? It'd save me a writeup.

**Agent Martinez:** That's not my call, doctor.

**Dr. Palmer:** ....Just toss it in a containment locker. I'll file a relegation request when I get the chance.

[END LOG]

Following testing, SCP-7144-2 was administered Class C Amnestics and released.

@@ @@

#### Incident 7144-α

On 19/9/1995, approximately 2 weeks after initial containment, SCP-7144-1 breached its containment cell. Video footage showed that SCP-7144-1 had repeatedly rammed against the door of its chamber, heavily its own exterior in the process.

When confronted by security personnel, SCP-7144-1 propelled its chassis forwards at a speed of approximately 22 meters per second to strike an approaching guard, fracturing their ribcage and left clavicle. The remaining personnel proceeded to open fire on SCP-7144-1, apparently terminating it in the process.

The remains of SCP-7144-1 were promptly transferred to a more secure containment cell and its containment procedures were updated. Dr. Palmer's actions during the object's initial classification are currently under review.

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-7144-A:** Following incident 7144-α, SCP-7144-1 appears to be self-repairing, regenerating material lost during its initial containment breach. At the current rate, SCP-7144-1 is expected to reach its pre-breach mass in approximately 3 weeks.

SCP-7144-1 continues to exhibit the ability to launch itself at high speeds, the intensity of which have been steadily increasing.As of SCP-7144-1's final breach event, the object has been observed to move at speeds exceeding 174.3 meters per second

Re-classification to Euclid pending.

@@ @@

---

#### Incident 7144-β

SCP-7144-1 breached containment for a second time on 11/2/1996 through the use of a yellow-colored caustic fluidLater indentified as a mixture of fluoroantimonic acid [HSbF,,6,,] and mustard.  secreted from the object's water tank. SCP-7144-1 applied this fluid to the walls of its container before repeatedly crashing into the weakened section until the point of structural failure.

Security personnel were once again able to incapacitate SCP-7144-1 through the combined use of incendiary weaponry and conventional firearms. Notably, SCP-7144-1 was able to withstand significantly more physical abuse than its initial escape attempt.

It is theorized that SCP-7144-1 may possess a degree of sentience, shown by its tactical application of solvent during its breach of containment.

Re-classification to Keter pending.

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-7144-B:** Before new containment procedures could be put into place, SCP-7144-1 facilitated its third escape attempt while in a temporary containment cell. A timeline of this breach is detailed below.

#### Incident 7144-γ

**12:00:** The melted remains of SCP-7144-1 are observed to regenerate at an accelerated rate, reaching pre-incident mass by 12:13

**12:15:** Foundation security details are stationed outside SCP-7144-1's cell.

**12:33:** SCP-7144-1's surface temperature is observed to spike to 815° C

**12:47** SCP-7144-1 emits a loud wailing sound at a volume of 120 db. I

**12:50:** Temperatures suddenly drop to expected levels

**12:51:** SCP-7144-1 expels a large number of humanoid, flesh-toned entities from its water tank; hereby referred to as 7144-1A. 7144-1A entities exhibited immense physical strength and attempted to force open the containment chamber's door.

**12:54:** SCP-7144-1 begins to secrete a mixture of fluoroantimonic acid and yellow mustard at an accelerated rate, quickly flooding its containment chamber. 7144-1A specimens appear to be immune to the fluid's effects.

**1:22:** Containment chamber is breached by the combined efforts of SCP-7144-1's caustic fluid and the force exerted by 7144-1A specimens. SCP-7144-1 proves to be impervious to both gunfire and extreme temperatures.SCP-7144-1 suffered no visible damage from high-calibre rifle fire and direct application of thermite.

**2:50:** Foundation personnel are able to terminate all SCP-7144-1A instances and incapacitate SCP-7144-1 via high explosive ordinance.SCP-7144-1A instances did not display the same resistance to trauma as SCP-7144-1. It is unknown whether future instances would have displayed similar adaptive behavior.

<End Log>

Testing of 7144-1A specimens has revealed them to be composed chiefly of Nathan's-brand hot dogs alongside trace amounts of organic material with a genetic profile similar to that of SCP-7144-2.

Re-classification to Keter approved.

---

> 7144-1 is only going to get more difficult to keep locked up. Every time we re-contain the damn thing it comes back with something new. Are we really going to wait around until it detonates a fucking hotdog-nuke on the site?

>

> Go contain -2 and keep the two together. Everything was fine until he got out of the picture. - Area Director Kitch

Following Incident 7144-γ, SCP-7144-1's containment procedures were updated to include the presence of SCP-7144-2. As of 4/4/1996 there have been no further containment breaches by SCP-7144-1.

---

 **Addendum SCP-7144-C:** Despite foundation efforts, SCP-7144-2's mental state has continued to deteriorate. These changes have been correlated with an increased surface temperature in SCP-7144-1.

> Recent events have made clear that SCP-7144-1 is much more complex than previously thought. The object grows more potent with every breach attempt and we aren't sure if there's an upper limit to what it can do.

>

> It is obvious that SCP-7144-1 is highly receptive to changes in SCP-7144-2's mental and physical health. We can't separate the two and we can't keep SCP-7144-2 happy enough in here.

>

> The best outcome for all of this is to put those two back where they started. - Dr. Abrams

> Seconded. I'd much rather we amnesticize a civilian or two that notices some extra sausages than deal with more of those godawful hotdog flesh monsters. - Dr. Raul

> Approved - Site Director Edwards

Changes in containment procedures have been approved as of 14/11/1997

---

**Incident 7144-Δ**

On 2/8/1999, SCP-7144-2 died in his sleep. The following morning, Foundation agents located SCP-7144-1 within the residence. Further investigation revealed SCP-7144-1 to no longer possess anomalous properties.

SCP-7144-1 has been successfully secured and its containment procedures have been updated accordingly.

Re-classification to Neutralized has been approved as of 5/9/1999.

---

Investigation into 7144-2's background has shown his father to have operated SCP-7144-1 alongside his son until his death in April 1966.

A note written by SCP-7144-2's father was discovered in SCP-7144-2's residence during recovery. Its contents have been transcribed below due to potential relevance to SCP-7144-1.

Dear Andrew,

@@ @@

Today marks your 16th birthday and my last day alone with ol' Carol. She'll be all yours soon, and I'm sure she'll be in good hands.  Words cannot express how excited I am to teach you the family business. The job isn't pretty, but it's honest work, and I hope you'll learn to take the same pride in it as I have.

@@ @@

Just remember I'll always be there for you, no matter what.

@@ @@

 - Dad

<< [SCP-7143](SCP-7143) | SCP-7144 | [SCP-7145](SCP-7145) >>
