**Item #:** SCP-7112

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7112 is stored in a low-priority containment locker. 

**Description:** SCP-7112 is a hand-knit wool sweater, blue and pink in color. When worn by a human subject, it will apply gentle pressure to the body, which has been reported as similar to receiving a hug or being comforted. SCP-7112 was originally discovered and confiscated during a raid on Madeline McElroy's apartment, a known Gamers Against Weed member. 

The raid was authorized due to suspicion that McElroy was planning on releasing a memetic agent on [Site-55](secure-facility-dossier-site-55)'s personnel. Following interrogation, this suspicion was found to be false. However, SCP-7112 was found among her possessions and McElroy admitted to possessing minor knowledge of the anomalous. She was administered Class-B amnestics and all memory of her involvement with the anomalous was removed. Additionally, McElroy was permitted to return to the Gamers Against Weed chatroom after her laptop was outfitted with tracking software.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>lesbian_gengar has joined GAW Mod Talkzone!</summary>

#### **GAW Mod Talkzone**

---

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** fuck

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** fuck

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** fuck

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** fuck!

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** fuck me, man!

**##black|bones:##** What's wrong, Esther? Are you well?

**##green|bluntfiend:##** You alright dude?

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** my fucking g-d.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** can't have fucking shit 

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** fuck the foundation.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** seriously fuck my fucking life.

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** What happened

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** the foundation fucking found my g-d damn girlfriend

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** and they fucking did their thing on her.

**##green|bluntfiend:##**  They got mustard?

**##black|bones:##** She's not in custody if that is what you are asking. She was last seen online two minutes ago.

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** What did they do? She seemed normal to me when she talked in the lounge

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** they did their mind wipe bullshit on her.

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** What about the chatlogs? Doesn't she have access to those 

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** ?

**##green|bluntfiend:**## Its the Foundation, JJ. They would have wiped all of that the moment after they mind-wiped her

**##green|bluntfiend:##** They're nothing if not thorough

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** True.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** g-d it feels so gross knowing that someone is reading through my private chatlogs with my fucking girlfriend

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** but you know what really burns my ass

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** what really gets my fucking g-d damn goat in all of this bullshit

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** they erased her memory of us dating

**##black|bones:##** I am truly sorry. I know how much she means to you.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** i had just sent her a sweater i made for her

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** i knit it with special love and some magic to make her feel like she was being hugged whenever she put it on.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** and  i think that is what got her in trouble with the foundation.

 

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** The Foundation tracks courier services?

**##green|bluntfiend:##** The foundation tracks everything. Including probably this very chatroom

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** hey foundation pigs if you're reading this, i hate you for making my girlfriend forget about me.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** actually, i hate you for a lot more than that but now its even more personal.

**##black|bones:##**  In the face of these circumstances, I have something I would like to propose.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** whats that

**##black|bones:##** You are the leaders of this organization. You should not become entangled with anyone within it, or even outside. You may be difficult to access, but the others are not.

**##black|bones:##** Your lives are already precarious. The lives of those close to you are much more so.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** fuck. i dont want to agree to this because a part of me really feels like maybe theres something left of our relationship in her, but i know that foundation brainwashing technology is powerful.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** maybe its hopeless. either way, i dont know.

**##black|bones:##** The purpose of this is to prevent you and anyone else from being hurt.

**##green|bluntfiend:##** I agree with **##black|bones##** here.

**##green|bluntfiend:##** I mean, it's not like I was planning on entering a relationship any time soon anyway

**##green|bluntfiend:##** You all know me and my stance on relationships

**##green|bluntfiend:##** So yeah, I'm in full agreement with **##black|bones##**

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** fuck

**##green|bluntfiend:##** Esther?

**##green|bluntfiend:##** You okay there?

**##green|bluntfiend:##** ...

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** im here. just thinking.

**##green|bluntfiend:##** **###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar##** you okay?

**##green|bluntfiend:##** Oh fuck me sorry.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** its okay. it was a real boneheaded move of me to date someone within the group. i take full responsibility for this and i agree to not do this again. fuck.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** guess im doomed to become a crazy cat lady.

**##green|bluntfiend:##** I feel like it's the only correct thing we can do here. Like **##black|bones##** said, we have a responsibility to everyone in the chat

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** man.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** okay.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** yeah, it makes sense.

**##green|bluntfiend:##** I think we should get jj to sign off on this too just so we're all in agreement.

**##green|bluntfiend:##** **##red|jockjamsvol6##**?

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** Yeah?

**##green|bluntfiend:##** Check upscroll

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** Just did 

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** Okay, sure

**##green|bluntfiend:##** Okay, that makes all four of us then

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** Its not like anyone else here could handle me anyway

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** ;-)

**##green|bluntfiend:##** ... >.>

**##black|bones:##** At the very least we can now say it won't happen again.

**##black|bones:##** By the way, since mustard is now compromised I will be banning her from the chatroom and moving us to another server host. Does anyone disagree?

**##green|bluntfiend:##** It's the only thing we really can do in this situation.

**##red|jockjamsvol6:##** Yeah, go ahead **##black|bones##**

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** wait fuck

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** can i have five minutes?

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** you know, to say bye and stuff?

**##black|bones:##** Of course.

@@ @@

@@ @@

#### **Direct message between lesbian_gengar and kk_mustard**

---

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** hey.

**##gold|kk_mustard:##** hi?

**##gold|kk_mustard:##** ur from the garfields against weed chatroom right?

**##gold|kk_mustard:##** oh shit ur a mod! did i break a rule?

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** no.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** but i wanted to talk to you for a second.

**##gold|kk_mustard:##** oh okay! sure, whats up?

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** i know this is going to sound creepy but i know a lot about you.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** your favorite color is brown yellow which i always found gross. but you liked it enough to name yourself after it. mustard. 

**##gold|kk_mustard:##** umm

**##gold|kk_mustard:##** how do u know all this stuff?

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** because  i love you.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** your favorite animal crossing villager is pietro because hes a clown and you always loved clowns even if your brother tried scaring you with them when you were a kid.

= *Your message was not sent. Reason: **##gold|kk_mustard##** has blocked **###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar##***.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** your favorite movie is garfield gets real because of how unbelievably shitty it is.

= *Your message was not sent. Reason: **##gold|kk_mustard##** has blocked **###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar##***.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** and i know at this point you can't see this anymore so this is more for me than it is for you but i need closure. im sorry for getting you involved in all this.

= *Your message was not sent. Reason: **##gold|kk_mustard##** has blocked **###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar##***.

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** goodbye, maddie.

= *kk_mustard was K-lined!*

**###ff00ff|lesbian_gengar:##** im sorry.

= *Your message was not sent. Reason: there is no user online named "kk_mustard".*

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-7111](SCP-7111) | SCP-7112 | [SCP-7113](SCP-7113) >>

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

=====

> **Filename:** sweater.jpg

> **Author:** Lisa Dusseault

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Link](https://www.flickr.com/photos/milele/2160152952)
