:root {

    ~~header-logo: var(~~logo);

    ~~logo: url('https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/desk-of-junior-designer-s-yvonne/miscdept.png');

    ~~header-title: var(~~title);

    ~~header-subtitle: var(~~subtitle);

    --title: "DoMC";

    --subtitle: "Solving Communications Problems";

}

Minor cognitohazardous elements have been embedded throughout this document in order to circumvent anomalous occurrences associated with Central Park and the greater New York City metropolitan area.

The purposes of cognitohazardous elements within this document include, but are not limited to:

* The redefinition of "**phenomena**" (or any conjugation thereof) into an extant, self-contained concept that refers exclusively to "*a fact or situation that is observed to happen*", making no attempt to infer the qualities of nor attribute a cause to said facts or situations.

* The redefinition of "**symptom**" (or any conjugation thereof) into an extant, self-contained concept that refers exclusively to "*an indication of the existence of a phenomenon*".

* The redefinition of "**injury**" (or any conjugation thereof) into an extant, self-contained concept that refers exclusively to "*an instance of physical harm that is the result of phenomena*".

* The redefinition of "**property**" (or any conjugation thereof) in the appropriate contexts into an extant, self-contained concept that refers exclusively to "*an attribute, quality, or characteristic of a phenomenon*".

By continuing to read this document, you consent to exposure to the aforementioned cognitohazardous elements.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**NRHP Ref. #:** 66000538

**Park Class:** Under Strict Observation, **PHENOMENA** Not Localised

**Procedures To Be Followed By Personnel:**

Agents from the SCP Foundation Department of Miscommunications have been placed within and around Central Park and the greater New York City metropolitan area to monitor for **PHENOMENA** of interest and ensure the wellbeing of all civilian persons. Individuals reporting **SYMPTOMS** that are listed within the ***Supplementary Document Concerning Central Park*** (provided to all field agents; see Lead Researcher Ulam for a copy) are to be immediately quarantined and isolated for further observation.

Civilian reports of **SYMPTOMS** or **INJURIES** indicative of **PHENOMENA** of interest are to receive immediate medical treatment following strict quarantine protocols; the necessity of a biopsy/vivisection is left to the discretion of licensed personnel. **SYMPTOMS** which manifest as human corpses (usually civilians) are to be incinerated once a full autopsy has been performed.

Although reports of **PHENOMENA** began within Central Park, incidents have steadily continued to occur at greater and greater distances. Reports of **PHENOMENA** more than 10km away from Central Park are of highest priority; affected areas are to be immediately quarantined and decontaminated until **PHENOMENA** cease, followed by amnesticisation of all witnesses.

Documentation concerning the **PHENOMENA** of interest is subject Foundation Information Control Protocol AM-AW-SAntimemetic **PHENOMENA** — Awareness type (i.e. the individual is aware that information is being affected) — **SYMPTOMATIC**.

**Description of PHENOMENA:**

The description as follows (and this document in its entirety) exclusively refers to the **PHENOMENA** of interest to the Foundation; that is, the **PHENOMENA** being described within this document that occur within Central Park and the greater New York City metropolitan area.

Researchers from the Department of Miscommunications have determined that the following **PHENOMENA** are of interest to the Foundation:

* Reports of **SYMPTOMS** such as confusion, migraines, nausea, and dizziness. Paranoia, sudden-onset scopophobiaThe fear of being watched, which dissipates when an individual is no longer being exposed to the **PHENOMENA**., feelings of external hostility, and feelings of disgust have also been reported, though attempts to determine the origin of these feelings result in further **SYMPTOMS**.

* Continued exposure to **PHENOMENA** for extended periods of time (>5 minutes) causes escalating **SYMPTOMS** including, but not limited to: spontaneous haemorrhaging of small blood vessels (usually resulting in epistaxis), minor anterograde amnesia, blackouts, encephalitis, brain aneurysms, and seizures. These **SYMPTOMS** will rapidly and continually increase in severity until the death of the subject.

* Reports of deviant behaviour and deaths within wildlife native to and/or within Central Park and New York City, which could feasibly be attributed to **SYMPTOMS** similar to those experienced by human individuals.

* Reports of **INJURIES** of varying severity to both human and non-human individuals (from small cuts to broken bones and severe lacerations), which cause the above **SYMPTOMS** when they are referred to, perceived, or comprehended in any way. **INJURIES** continue to display properties associated with **PHENOMENA** occurring within Central Park even after expiry of the subject.

* Reports of **PHENOMENA** external to Central Park. Reports have so far been limited to the greater New York City area, but preparations are being made for the possibility of **PHENOMENA** appearing in other locations.

Currently, no consistent patterns have been identified concerning the manifestation of **PHENOMENA** outside of Central Park, aside from a general tendency to appear in public areas. The **SYMPTOMS** of paranoia, scopophobia, and external hostility are usually absent in such manifestations; investigations into the potential significance of this are confounded by influence of the **PHENOMENA**.

**PHENOMENA** external to Central Park have appeared in almost all types of public areas (roads, streets, cafes & restaurants, etc.) and in many forms of waste receptacle (storm drains, sewers) within New York City. These have consistently caused severe public disruption and numerous deaths, necessitating greater and greater levels of Foundation involvement.

**PHENOMENA** within New York City will often shift and move erratically, apparently without a pattern; weather such as rain seems to impede the movement of the **PHENOMENA** slightly, but further investigation is required to ascertain the nature of this relationship.

The pervasiveness of the **PHENOMENA** of interest has required extensive and constant cleanup efforts from the Foundation. More efficient methods of containment, aside from incinerating ██ ███Unable to be referred to/perceived/comprehended due to influence of the **PHENOMENA**. collected during decontamination efforts are being formulated.

After extensive study, researchers have determined that the **PHENOMENA** of interest are subject to the following **PROPERTIES**:

* The **PHENOMENA** of interest are not memetic, ontokinetic, or semiontological.

* The **PHENOMENA** of interest display antimemetic **PROPERTIES**; more specifically, they prevent certain information associated with themselves from being transmitted. However, they do not display other qualities that are characteristic of antimemes (such as memory alteration).

* The **PHENOMENA** of interest are cognitohazardous and infohazardous.

* The cause of any extant **PHENOMENA** (i.e. any **PHENOMENA** that are not the **PHENOMENA** affecting Central Park) can be freely speculated upon (***Contextual statement***).

* The **PHENOMENA** of interest will cause all statements of ████Unable to be referred to/perceived/comprehended due to influence of the **PHENOMENA**. to be unable to be referred to, properly perceived (i.e. perceived without the influence of **PHENOMENA**), or comprehended in any way. This applies to literal, figurative, hypothetical, metaphorical, referential, and all esoteric forms of communication and thought.

* The effects of the **PHENOMENA** of interest are such that even given the contextual statement, no inferences can be feasibly made from the statement prior without near-lethal doses of [Class-Y mnestics](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/updated-amnestics-guide)A type of amnestic drug that allows for resistance to antimemetic effects.; the testimony of subjects exposed to the **PHENOMENA** of interest while affected by these dosages have ranged from mostly incoherent to the production of extreme auditory cognitohazards.

* Based on the information from the above statement, it is currently impossible to formulate thought or attempt to communicate ██ ████ █ ███ ██ █████ ██ ██Unable to be referred to/perceived/comprehended due to influence of the **PHENOMENA**. **PROPERTIES** of the **PHENOMENA** concentrated within Central Park.

* The **PHENOMENA** of interest can be referred to, perceived, and/or comprehended, as long as it is in reference exclusively to the **PHENOMENA** as a collective, self-contained concept. Certain inferences based on information that can be referred to, perceived, and/or comprehended concerning the **PHENOMENA** present within Central Park cannot.

* The **PHENOMENA** of interest affect most, if not all █████Unable to be referred to/perceived/comprehended due to influence of the **PHENOMENA**. associated with the **PHENOMENA** that are not the **PHENOMENA** themselves, **SYMPTOMS**, **INJURIES**, or **PROPERTIES**.

Due to the influence of the above **PROPERTIES**, it is impossible to assign any nominal descriptor or statement, any descriptive term or statement, any verbal term or statement, any article (defining or otherwise), or any information in any form that may ████ ███ █ ██████ █Unable to be referred to/perceived/comprehended due to influence of the **PHENOMENA**. the **PHENOMENA** of interest in any way.

In addition, the application of any form of logic, reasoning, empirical proof, rationalisation, or other such methods of thought or communication are also subject to the **PROPERTIES** of the **PHENOMENA** of interest.

**Addendum:**

On the 23/07/22, amateur photographer Florence Wainwright managed to ███████ ██ ███ █ ██Unable to be referred to/perceived/comprehended due to influence of the **PHENOMENA**. **PHENOMENA** of interest. A photograph is contained below.

[[collapsible show="INPUT LEVEL 4 CREDENTIALS TO CONTINUE (PERCEIVING THIS ███ MAY CAUSE SYMPTOMS)" hide="[DATA HONKED]"]]

<< [SCP-7497](SCP-7497) | **PHENOMENA** | [SCP-7499](SCP-7499) >>

=====

> **Filename:** central_park.jpg

> **Name:** Central Park - The Pond (48377220157)

> **Author:** [Ajay Suresh](https://www.flickr.com/people/83136374@N05)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Central_Park_-_The_Pond_(48377220157).jpg

> **Derivative of:** N/A

> **Additional Notes:** N/A

=====

> **Filename:** final_form.jpg

> **Name:** The Attack

> **Author:** [Tony Alter](https://www.flickr.com/people/78428166@N00)

> **License:** [CC BY 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/deed.en)

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_Attack_(5698069896).jpg

> **Derivative of:** N/A

> **Additional Notes:** No changes were made to this image.

=====
