**Item #:** SCP-7641

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7641 is kept in a secure container at Site-28's C-Wing. Testing may be conducted with approval from Project Director Callaghan.

**Description:** SCP-7641 is an interior wooden door measuring 2 meters in height and 1 meter in width.

SCP-7641's anomalous properties will manifest when a human subject positions themselves within one meter of the doorframe. Should the subject state loudly and clearly the name of a particular place (i.e. a landmark, building or city), SCP-7641 will generate a bilateral wormhole linking itself with the location specified. This portal will remain viable until the door is closed.

Thus far, all tests carried out using SCP-7641 have involved locations within the contiguous United States: as such, the limitations of its anomalous properties remain unknown.

**Addendum:** The following is an abridged log of experiments involving SCP-7641, all conducted by Junior Researcher George Dodd:

> **Date:** 09-07-2013

> @@ @@

> **Test #:** 1

> @@ @@

> **Prompt:** "Paris"

> @@ @@

> **Result:** Portal leading to a dirt road in Paris, Texas.

> **Date:** 09-07-2013

> @@ @@

> **Test #:** 2

> @@ @@

> **Prompt:** "Paris, France"

> @@ @@

> **Result:** Portal leading to a public park in Paris, France.

> **Date:** 09-07-2013

> @@ @@

> **Test #:** 5

> @@ @@

> **Prompt:** "Asia"

> @@ @@

> **Result:** Portal leading to a construction site in Seoul, South Korea.

> **Date:** 09-07-2013

> @@ @@

> **Test #:** 12

> @@ @@

> **Prompt:** "Mars"

> @@ @@

> **Result:** Portal leading to the office headquarters of Mars, Inc. in McLean, Virginia.

> **Date:** 09-07-2013

> @@ @@

> **Test #:** 13

> @@ @@

> **Prompt:** "Planet Mars"

> @@ @@

> **Result:** Portal leading to the Mars exhibition at the Carnegie Space Centre in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

> @@ @@

> **Notes:** A time lag of three seconds was observed between SCP-7641's opening and portal generation.

> **Date:** 09-07-2013

> @@ @@

> **Test #:** 21

> @@ @@

> **Prompt:** "Nowhere"

> @@ @@

> **Result:** Portal leading to Ducie Island, an uninhabited atoll in the South Pacific.

> **Date:** 09-07-2013

> @@ @@

> **Test #:** 22

> @@ @@

> **Prompt:** "Everywhere"

> @@ @@

> **Result:** A second time lag was observed, this one lasting a duration of roughly seven seconds. SCP-7641 then began cycling through a succession of previously generated portals at an accelerating pace: Junior Researcher Dodd attempted to reset the anomaly by repeatedly shutting and reopening SCP-7641, to no effect. This cycle for six minutes before abruptly ceasing, which coincided with a site-wide electrical failure.

Following this incident, SCP-7641's anomalous properties have repeatedly failed to manifest; item is currently pending reclassification as Neutralized. As this is the third instance of Junior Researcher Dodd nullifying an anomaly through overzealous experimentation, disciplinary action is under consideration.

---

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-leonerd-s-author-page More from this author...]

---

<< [SCP-7640](SCP-7640) | SCP-7641 | [SCP-7642](SCP-7642) >>
