]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7121 is currently uncontained and believed uncontainable. However, development of the following containment protocols has rendered the risk of containment breach minimal. 

At the exact start of every new moon (approximately 29.5 days), one D-Class personnel must be locked in a standard large biological entity containment unit and be made to say the summoning phrase. Confirmation of abduction of the D-Class personnel should be confirmed afterwards by two direct eye-witnesses. No cameras should be present in the containment chamber at any point.

Under these guidelines, a containment breach would constitute a failure for a Foundation-authorized personnel to be the first person to the speak the summoning phrase in any given lunar month. Given the entity's nature, a member of the public accidentally summoning SCP-7121 is generally a self-resolving issue, but mention of potential SCP-7121 sightings online are to be flagged and removed by Foundation web-crawlers, and all confirmed direct witnesses apprehended for questioning and amnesticization.

**Description:** SCP-7121 collectively refers to two interconnected anomalous items. SCP-7121-1 is a large, predatory creature that can be summoned once per lunar monthResetting at the start of the new moon phase. by a living being speaking aloud the phrase, "Come, the pale wind's hound."For brevity, referred to as the "summoning phrase". SCP-7121-2 is an extradimensional realm of unclear bounds, which can only be accessed through SCP-7121-1.

 

**SCP-7121-1 Description:** SCP-7121-1 is approximately 7 meters long, quadrupedal, and displays similarities to troglobitic organisms. Subject has pale skin, and a thin and bony head without visible ears or eyes, though what appear to be vestigial eye sockets are present. Each of its four limbs end in four-fingered claws, with the front limbs additionally possessing a fifth, opposable digit. It possesses four prehensile, tendril-like tails which can operate independently, but typically are kept furled together. Subject's mouth, which can stretch up to 1 meter wide, is surrounded by 12 tentacular appendages which form a loose beak-like shape. It displays a clear preference for humans as prey items, though it has been observed preying on other creatures. 

Additionally, SCP-7121-1 can phase through all forms of physical matter, becoming selectively immaterial, and can extend this effect to objects it is in contact with, though the exact limits of this ability are unclear. Though prey will generally be swallowed intact, if provoked or angered it will use its phasing ability to pass its claws inside a victim before making them solid again, resulting in a debilitating and often untreatable wound. 

The first time the summoning phrase is said after a new moonThe language the phrase is said in does not seem to matter, so long as there is a direct translation used for each word in the phrase., SCP-7121-1 will be summoned to the speaker's location, usually through the floor or a nearby wall. This has, in nearly every case (see addendum SCP-7121.4), resulted in it consuming the speaker and anyone else who enters the area around the speaker before disappearing into the nearest solid surface. Attempts to track its movements after disappearing into a surface have all failed, with tracking devices quickly ceasing function. This process will fail and SCP-7121-1 will not appear if the speaker is currently being observed through any means. Subject can be recorded or photographed with relative ease, but doing so is discouraged as it appears to anger it, causing it to act more aggressively and typically results in damage to personnel and equipment.

**SCP-7121-2 Description:** Once SCP-7121-1 disappears into a solid surface and outside of observable distance, consumed prey items will be translocated to SCP-7121-2. The appearance and landscape of SCP-7121-2 has varied in each experiment while maintaining consistent similarities, typically being a foggy landscape, with items that will generally feel familiar or significant to those witnessing them scattered across the environment. Persons transported to SCP-7121-2 typically find their clothing and carried equipment altered, often into entirely different items, with no correlation determined between the original and transfigured items. Subjects generally describe the alterations as feeling appropriate for them, suggesting a correlation with the subject's self-image.

Common characteristics of SCP-7121-2 include sparse plant life, an overcast night sky, thick fog that somewhat limits visibility, and stagnant water that reaches up to at least knee level (regardless of the height of the subject). There have never been any lifeforms discovered in SCP-7121-2, but transported subjects have noted the presence of "ghosts", described as static voids shaped like three-dimensional human silhouettes. Viewers have described a sense of unease and discomfort upon witnessing these figures, and they may possess an anomalous ability which prevents occupants of SCP-7121-2 from interacting with them, as in all experiments subjects have refused to do so.

There is no known means of escape from SCP-7121-2, and anyone transported to it invariably expires within minutes of entering from unknown causes, possibly due to the atmospheric content.

**Addendum 7121.1:** Discovery

SCP-7121 came into Foundation awareness on 2/24/20██ following a search of the abandoned ███████, NC home of Iurie Diacov, since designated PoI-2246. A note containing the summoning phrase was found along with a number of other anomalous items.For a full list of recovered items, see Field Report Phi-431. Upon discovering the note, Agent Marai spoke the summoning phrase aloud to call a fellow researcher's attention to it, was abducted by SCP-7121-1 moments afterwards, and is now presumed deceased. 

**Addendum 7121.2:** Test Log Audio Transcripts

Experimentation of SCP-7121 was authorized after the abduction of Agent Marai, but it was not until test #14, where D-76553 was fitted with a long-range two-way radio, that SCP-7121-2 was discovered. 

<details>
<summary>▷ Open Test Log 7121-XIV</summary>

**SCP-7121 Experiment 14**

**Subject:** D-76553 

**Control:** Researcher Kit Leander 

**Equipment provided:** One (1) standard D-Class uniform, one (1) standard issue two-way radio, one (1) standard issue tracking beacon 

**Date**: 11/██/20██

>

> [BEGIN LOG]

>  

> [D-76553 steps into the containment chamber.]

> 

> **Leander:** Please read the phrase that is projected on the wall.

> 

> **D-76553:** There's- there's nothing on the wall.

> 

> **Leander:** What? Shoot. Okay, uh... how about now? 

> 

> [The summoning phrase is projected onto the wall in front of D-76553.]

> 

> **D-76553:** Okay, I see it. Just read what's written?

> 

> **Leander:** That's correct.

> 

> **D-76553:** Is this like, a test?

> 

> **Leander:** Please just read the phrase, D-76553.

> 

> **D-76553:** Okay... uh, come, the pale wind's hound. Like that? 

> 

> **Leander:** Yes. Please standby.

> 

> [25 seconds pass before motion sensors detect SCP-7121-1 emerging from the right wall of the containment chamber. D-76553 shouts in surprise and enters a defensive stance. SCP-7121-1 pounces on her and begins to swallow her as it disappears into the floor. D-76553's screaming continues to be transmitted.]

> 

> **Leander:** [Turning away from the mic and sighing] Well, I don't know what we expected. God, I'm so glad we only have to do this once a month.

> 

> [D-76553 continues to scream and sob. At this point, the tracking beacon attached to D-76553's uniform displays an error message and ceases functioning.]

> 

> **Leander:** Of course, the mic still works. Great. Noted. Alright, I'm shutting this off, there's no-

> 

> **D-76553:** Wait! Wait wait- I'm- 

> 

> [The sound of Researcher Leander putting their headphones back on can be heard. D-76553's voice is muffled but can be understood plainly.]

> 

> **D-76553:** Don't cut me off! I'm- holy shit, uh, I'm alive! I've got no idea where the fuck I am but I'm not in that thing anymore!

> 

> **Leander:** D-76553? 

> 

> **D-76553:** Yes! Yes, I'm here! Don't disconnect the fucking radio! I'm here! Can- wait. Wait, wait! Did you know that was going to happen? That thing attacking me? You totally did, didn't you?

> 

> [Researcher Leander does not respond, and D-76553 waits several seconds before continuing.]

> 

> **D-76553:** Fuck you people, man! Where the fuck am I? Is that thing gonna come back for me? 

> 

> **Leander:** I-I'm sorry, I don't know. We've never experienced this before. What are your surroundings? Did SCP-7121-1, uh, expel you?

> 

> **D-76553:** What? No, man, I just appeared here. It's- I'm standing in this gross looking water. It comes up to my knees and- and I'm not in the orange jumpsuit anymore.

> 

> **Leander:** Come again?

> 

> **D-76553:** The D-Class jumpsuit, man, I'm not wearing my jumpsuit. I'm in like- I think this is like, an old hoodie I used to wear, before... yeah. It's been so long since I've worn anything comfortable, man. Seriously, fuck you Foundation creeps. It'd be nice if it wasn't so fucking humid.

> 

> [The sound of a deep groan or growl can be heard, but D-76553 does not comment on it.]

> 

> **Leander:** ...Can you please describe your surroundings? I can't help you if I don't know where you are. Are you outdoors?

> 

> **D-76553:** ...Yeah, I think so. It's- it's really foggy out. I think it's night, based on the sky. It's, uhh, like a really dark green, almost black. But I can still see everything fine, like it was broad daylight. There's dead trees everywhere. That's funny- I think I see a baseball stuck in the branches of one. Who's out here playing baseball?

> 

> **Leander:** I... I have no idea.

> 

> **D-76553:** Actually, there's baseballs stuck in... yeah, there's baseballs stuck in every tree. Every last one. Fucking weird. That's fucking weird, right?

> 

> **Leander:** Uh. I would say so. You're standing in water, you said?

> 

> **D-76553:** Yeah. I- there's something in the water. I thought I was walking on gravel or some shit, but it's not rocks, it's- geeze, it's teeth. Like, human teeth. What the fuck, man.D-76553 lost three upper molars and two lower in an altercation with another D-Class personnel eight days before this recording was taken.

> 

> **Leander:** Ah. Alright, I'm... making a note of that. Anything else? Just, uh, fog, dead trees and water?

> 

> **D-76553:** [Unintelligible]

> 

> **Leander:** Could you repeat that?

> 

> **D-76553:** I- sorry, I'm feeling lightheaded, and uh, a little- it's a little hard to breathe. I can see something in the distance. It's- uh. It looks like the shape of a person. Like, there's a guy-shaped hole in the world. It- he feels familiar. I don't know. Not in a good way. There's- I think I can see a couple more of them out there. Ugh. S-sorry, I'm- I feel really weird.

> 

> **Leander:** Weird how? Why don't you step away from the figure, if it's having an adverse affect on you.

> 

> **D-76553:** Don't have to tell me twice. I-I, it's like, my legs a-and arms, are starting to go numb. The- the air. Man, what the fuck is that smell? 

> 

> [D-76553 can be heard wheezing.]

> 

> **Leander:** Okay, uh. Don't strain yourself. Does it look like there's anywhere dry you could rest?

> 

> **D-76553:** S-sure. I'm- I'll, uh. [Unintelligible]

> 

> **Leander:** D-76553? 

> 

> [D-76553 does not respond to any of Researcher Leander's further attempts to contact her. D-76553's microphone continues picking up a low growling noise that gradually increases in volume. The microphone ceases transmitting after twenty five seconds.]

> 

> [END LOG]

</details>

**Addendum 7121.3:** Exploration Log Audio Transcripts

Further explorations of SCP-7121-2 were authorized following its discovery in order to discern if recovery of SCP-7121-1 victims was possible, which would greatly reduce the expenditure of D-Class personnel. For expedition SCP-7121-I, two D-Class personnel were requisitioned, and informed beforehand about SCP-7121-1's appearance and the methods by which they would be accessing SCP-7121-2.

<details>
<summary>▷ Open Exploration Log 7121-I</summary>

**SCP-7121-2 Expedition 1**

**Subjects:** D-36513, D-89206

**Control:**  Dr. Valeria Roque, ████████ █████ (former head, Lambda-5 "White Rabbits")

**Equipment provided:** Two (2) Level A HAZMAT suits, two (2) standard issue two-way radios, two (2) standard issue tracking beacons, two (2) high-intensity flashlights, two (2) water filtration kits

**Date**: 12/██/20██

>

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> [D-36513 and D-89206 step into the containment chamber, and stand back to back, as instructed in their briefing. A timer counting down to the start of the new moon phase is projected on the wall in front of D-89206.]

> 

> **D-89206:** You ready for this?

> 

> **D-36513:** Are you kidding me? Absolutely fucking not. 

> 

> **Dr. Roque:** Less chatter, please. D-89206, please read aloud the phrase you see projected in front of you, as soon as it becomes visible.

> 

> **D-89206:** Sorry, doc, sorry, just preparing ourselves. 

> 

> [The timer reaches 00:00, and the summoning phrase is projected onto the wall in front of D-89206.]

> 

> **D-89206:** Alright. Come, the pale wind's hound.

> 

> [After 34 seconds, motion sensors detect SCP-7121-1 entering the containment chamber through the far wall in view of D-89206, who recoils. D-89206 begins to alert D-36513, but is interrupted as SCP-7121-1 begins to consume him. D-36513 turns and appears startled.]

> 

> **D-36513:** Oh, shit! Shit! You said this was gonna suck but- shit!

> 

> [D-36513 remains stationary, and can be heard swearing repeatedly under his breath. Once D-89206 has been fully ingested by SCP-7121-1, it begins to do the same with D-36513 while passing down into the floor.]

> 

> **█████:** Stay cool, boys. It'll be over in a moment.

> 

> [Both tracking beacons cease functioning and display an error message after 12 seconds of downwards movement.]

> 

> **D-89206:** Christ alive... doc? Doc, a-are you there, I'm-

> 

> **Dr. Roque:** We read you, D-89206. Have you entered SCP-7121-2?

> 

> **D-36513:** We're there. Derek, I can't see you.

> 

> **D-89206:** I can't see you, either. It's this fog, I think. 

> 

> **D-36513:** You sound like you're right beside me, man. It's not the fog.

> 

> **D-89206:** Well, I don't know what to tell you. I'm walking around, but you still sound like you're in the same place.

> 

> **█████:** Describe your surroundings, both of you.

> 

> **D-89206:** It's-

> 

> **D-36513:** I'm-

> 

> **D-89206:** You first. 

> 

> **D-36513:** It's really foggy, I can't see more than a few feet in front of me. 

> 

> **D-89206:** Likewise.

> 

> [A deep rumbling is heard, neither D-Class comment on it. Boosted versions of the audio reveal it is present in a lower volume for the rest of the recording.]

> 

> **D-36513:** I'm standing in knee-deep water, like a foot and a half deep. I didn't feel it happening, but, uh, my suit's gone. The HAZMAT suit. I've just got on my prison jumpsuit. I don't have any of the shit you gave us. 

> 

> **D-89206:** Mine's gone too, but I'm dressed in nice clothes. Like what I used to wear to church. 

> 

> **D-36513:** What? How does that happen? 

> 

> **Dr. Roque:** We experienced something similar in the previous test. Please continue. 

> 

> **█████:** Both of you, cover your mouths and noses. Tear a piece off your clothes if you have to.

> 

> **D-36513:** Great. Sure, I can hold my jumpsuit up like this. 

> 

> **D-89206:** I'm managing something, too. I had an undershirt on, under the dress shirt.

> 

> **█████:** Good. Keep that up if you wanna keep breathing. Can you estimate a time of day?

> 

> **D-89206:** Uh, it looks like night wherever I am, but there's plenty of illumination. The sky is dark, has a reddish tinge. 

> 

> **D-36513:** Red?

> 

> **D-89206:** Yes, red. 

> 

> **D-36513:** It looks more purple, to me. Violet, I think you'd call it. It's hard to see past the buildings.

> 

> **D-89206:** Buildings?

> 

> **D-36513:** Do you not see them? Bunch of skyscrapers, too tall to see the top of. They're all burnt out, ruins. It's pretty hard to miss, man.

> 

> **D-89206:** Huh. No, I don't see any buildings. I see a bunch of giant wooden crosses, sticking out of the ground at weird angles, and what look like- I think I see people. Or people's shadows or something. I can't tell through the fog. I thought you said there wasn't anyone else here.

> 

> **Dr. Roque:** We don't have any reason to believe there is. Please approach the figures.

> 

> **D-36513:** I think I see one of those. Hold on.

> 

> [Silence for ten seconds.]

> 

> **D-36513:** Huh, it's like, there's nothing actually there. Like, it's a cut-out in the fog in the shape of a person. He's got his hands up like he's afraid. It skeeves me out, to be honest. 

> 

> **█████:** Is it physically present? Can you touch it?

> 

> **D-36513:** Uh, I am not touching that thing.

> 

> **█████:** D-36513, I am giving you a direct order. Failure to comply-

> 

> **D-36513:** What, like you're gonna come in here and make me? Be for fucking real. Do you even know how to get us out of here? You didn't tell us how we're supposed to- 

> 

> **Dr. Roque:** Enough. D-89206, we haven't heard from you in a minute. Are you still with us? 

> 

> [There is no response for eight seconds.]

> 

> **Dr. Roque:** D-892-

> 

> **D-89206:** I'm still here, doc, sorry. My- my skin feels weird. Uh, tingly, a little numb. Mostly on my back, a little on my arms and my feet. It's pretty hot, where I am.

> 

> **D-36513:** Don't go passing out on me, man. It's still fucking with me that you sound like you're two feet away, but it's better than being alone.

> 

> **D-89206:** I'm- I'm fine. Sorry. I've just been walking around, under the crosses. I see more of those, uh, the ghost people. 

> 

> [A loud groan or growl is audible.]

> 

> **█████:** Are either of you hearing that?

> 

> **D-36513:** Like, distant thunder or something? Yeah.

> 

> **D-89206:** I also heard it. 

> 

> **█████:** That's not really what we heard, but alright.

> 

> **D-36513:** Well wait, what did you hear? 

> 

> **█████:** It's not important. Please continue exploring. How far have either of you traveled?

> 

> **D-36513:** It might be important, we-

> 

> **D-89206:** Less than a hundred meters, probably. Starting to feel a little lightheaded. 

> 

> **D-36513:** [unintelligible] 

> 

> **D-89206:** What is it?

> 

> **D-36513:** I'm starting to get that thing you mentioned. The fuzzy, legs falling asleep feeling. In my hands and my feet, mostly. 

> 

> **█████:** Are either of you able to get out of the water? D-36513, can you enter one of the buildings?

> 

> **D-36513:** Let me see... 

> 

> [Ten seconds of silence. D-89206's breathing sounds increasingly labored.]

> 

> **D-36513:** The bottom floors are flooded too, and I don't see any stairs or anything. I guess I could try and climb, but it looks like it'd just crumble and I'd rather not break my neck trying that. 

> 

> **Dr. Roque:** Agreed. Continue traversing in the same direction and let us know if anything changes.

> 

> **D-36513:** I see something in the distance. There's smoke and fire, I think, it's- it's a burning plane. There's the wreckage from a plane, here.D-36513's parents were killed in a plane crash after he entered Foundation custody, but he was not informed of this. 

> 

> **D-36513:** [Wheezing] I'm- I'm gonna get a closer look. There's so many of those... those ghost people around the crash.

> 

> [The previously heard groan or growl is audible again, louder and lasting longer than the previous time.]

> 

> **D-36513:** The numb feeling is getting stronger, and uh, I feel like there's this pressure weighing me down. It's- it's making it hard to walk. You getting that, too, Derek?

> 

> [There is no response for five seconds.]

> 

> **Dr. Roque:** D-89206? 

> 

> **D-36513:** Derek, where are you, man? 

> 

> **█████:** D-89206, respond. 

> 

> **D-36513:** Fuck. Derek, come on, man, please. I'm freaking out. It's- it's getting hard to breathe. There's this- this fucking smell. 

> 

> **█████:** Remain calm. Panicking won't help either of you. 

> 

> **D-36513:** I'm not- 

> 

> [D-36513 takes a shaky, wheezing breath.]

> 

> **D-36513:** I'm not... panicking. It's just. It's getting hard- getting hard to...

> 

> **█████:** Come on, D-36513, deep breaths. 

> 

> **Dr. Roque:** [Away from the mic] Deep breathing isn't going to help him if the atmosphere-

> 

> **█████:** You're not helping. D-36513, we need you to-

> 

> [D-89206's microphone records static feedback and a wet crunching noise before ceasing transmission.]

> 

> **D-36513:** Oh- oh god. Derek. Oh, god, his skin.

> 

> **Dr. Roque:** What? What is it? 

> 

> **D-36513:** [Gagging or choking] The- what it showed us. It's a distraction. It's n-not real! 

> 

> **█████:** What? D-36513, what's going on?

> 

> **D-36513:** We're still- we're... inside...

> 

> [No further response by D-36513 is heard. D-36513's microphone records static and a gurgling noise at an increasing volume for another fifty-three seconds, until suddenly ceasing transmission.]

</details>

**Addendum 7121.4:** Incident Log Audio Transcripts

On 06/██/20██, the following incident was recorded during routine upkeep of SCP-7121's containment protocols.

<details>
<summary>▷ Open Incident Log 7121-I [Level 5 Access Required]</summary>

> You do not have permission to view this file.

</details>

Notes: The search for D-99541 is ongoing, but his location has not been conclusively determined. On 08/08/20██, D-99541's tracking beacon briefly resumed transmission, displaying the location as -██.██████, -███.█████ for 23 minutes before ceasing. Investigation into the location is ongoing, and the capture and interrogation of D-99541 has been designated Alpha-level priority for all staff assigned to SCP-7121.

<< [SCP-7120](SCP-7120) |  SCP-7121 | [SCP-7122](SCP-7122) >>

> **Filename:** houndBWS.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:**  CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7121
