SCP-7637 - The Day Your Innocence Died, by 

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains depictions of torture, assault and references to psychological abuse.

**ANOMALY#:** 7637

**OBJECT CLASS:** ~~Keter~~ Euclid

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** Foundation efforts have succeeded in blocking SCP-7637's domain from all major Internet service providers. Access to the website by Foundation personnel is forbidden.

As SCP-7637 itself represents a minimal security risk in its current state, containment protocols have been refocused on detecting and removing copies of SCP-7637-1 from the Internet. A vast majority of these copies that existed on the clearnetA term that refers to all online content that is publicly accessible. are believed to have been removed thanks to their easily identifiable content, as no reports of such images circulating the Web have come in from responsible Foundation operated webcrawler bots since 2019. The exact scope of the psychological effects caused by viewing these images on the global population remains uncertain.

The number of SCP-7637-1 copies circulating on the deep web is unknown. A number of Foundation bots have been tasked with surveying the deep web to identify and subsequently remove these images. 23 SCP-7637-1 instances which existed on the deep web were removed by Foundation webcrawler bots since 2018, and no new reports have come in since the end of 2024.

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-7637 is a website formerly accessible from the domain 'www.dontlookawaychallenge.███' at IP address ██.█.███.███. The front page of SCP-7637 features a message that has been copied verbatim and provided below for general viewing.

**HELLO THERE, FELLOW INTERNET EXPLORER! COME TO TEST YOUR ENDURANCE HAVE YOU?**

Brought to you by the sexy motherfuckers here at Accelerate The FutureAn amateur entrepreneurial group of cybercriminals with known ties to the anomalous. The group is presumed to have been disbanded as its members have not shown any significant activity since 2020. SCP-7637's domain was originally registered in late 2018., "Don't Look Away" is a fun but not-so-fun challenge you can embark on to test how much of a wuss you are while also inflicting *MASSIVE* mental harm to yourself along the way! Doesn't that sound like some fun? ^w^;; (We know it doesn't but you're probably still gonna keep scrolling just to see what's at the bottom anyways aren't you you sick fuck)

The point of this challenge is to see how far you're gonna be able to scroll before your body decides it can't take it anymore and expels your entire digestive track from your mouth like a sea cucumber trying to defend itself. X_X; (It is our humble opinion as a community that sea cucumbers are based as fuck!!!) The more you scroll, the more points you get! (We considered creating a point system ourselves but decided it would be more fun to allow users to make their own rules. No, we're not lazy. Stop saying that.)

Before you begin the challenge, here's a message from our very own Benevolent Dictator for Life olliefox:

*Don't bother trying to scroll to the bottom. Trying to dive to the bottom of the Mariana Trench would be a better waste of your life. Once there is nothing left for you to see, you'll know. When that happens, leave. You couldn't even comprehend the true extent of what we did, I know I couldn't.*

We recommend disregarding that!

What are you waiting for? Get going already! :)

Once the website is loaded, the user(s) will only be able to see the above message featured on the front page. Scrolling down will reveal an empty white space below the text. After scrolling down for 59 lines, the viewer(s) will reach the end of the white space and the site will instead start showing a wall of anomalous pictures individually designated SCP-7637-1.

Although SCP-7637-1 instances show variation in content, every instance depicts an offensive and/or disturbing scene with most of the content featured on the site being ethically and/or legally disputable in nature. 2,698 instances of SCP-7637-1 are featured on SCP-7637, each having unique content. None of the individuals depicted by SCP-7637-1 instances have been identified so far, and it is unknown if any of them exist in baseline reality in the first place.

All attempts to reach the bottom of SCP-7637's front page have failed. After every instance of SCP-7637-1 has been scrolled through, the page will begin showing a wall of non-anomalous image files instead. Every one of these files contains an identical copy of a photograph depicting an unidentified naked woman sitting in a bathtub, having buried her face in her arms and pulled her knees to her chest.Upon closer inspection, it was discovered these files are not only identical in content but also have identical names. It appears that every non-anomalous file featured on SCP-7637 is named "THIS_IS_YOU.jpg", the meaning of which is unknown. Tracking down the origin of any of the pictures featured on SCP-7637 has invariably led Foundation researchers and bots to SCP-7637, indicating that these files did not exist anywhere on the Internet prior to being featured on SCP-7637.

Uninterrupted viewing of an SCP-7637-1 instance for 30 seconds or more has permanent psychological effects on a person.This applies only to persons who have developed an advanced sense of self-awareness, effects of SCP-7637-1 exposure on very young humans (infants and toddlers) have not been tested or observed. These effects cannot be reversed using amnestics, although amnestic therapy is effective in removing memories of SCP-7637-1. Regardless of their initial reaction to viewing SCP-7637-1, affected persons will spontaneously adopt a well-composed and nonchalant attitude after viewing it for 30 uninterrupted seconds. This is due to affected persons largely losing the ability to make the distinction between what is widely considered to be socially acceptable and what is considered to be anti-social, narcissistic and/or sadistic. Those who experience these personality changes as a consequence of exposure to SCP-7637-1 are designated SCP-7637-2.

Statistically, SCP-7637-2 instances do not have a greater likelihood of engaging in criminal, immoral, excessively hostile and/or manipulative behaviors than the pre-SCP-7637-1 exposure version of themselves. However, SCP-7637-2 instances have a much higher likelihood of ignoring and permitting such acts when they're committed by others, even in situations where the instance themselves is a victim. SCP-7637-2's reaction to physical pain will also be vastly different than the average person. Inflicting physical pain on an SCP-7637-2 instance usually succeeds in provoking a brief defensive reaction from the subject. However, the subject will recover from the trauma of the incident almost immediately following this reaction and will instead begin to either calmly look for ways to treat their injuries and/or demand that the perpetrator (if there are any) cease their actions. Despite these changes, SCP-7637-2 are not entirely incapable of comprehending the concept of morality, but will only take action against immoral acts if they are being affected directly or another person draws their attention to and explains the immoral nature of these actions.

**ADDENDUM 7637-01:** Background

SCP-7637's domain was registered by an anonymous user operating under the username "XXXchallenger33532" on 16/10/2018. The site consisted of a single front page and remained online in North America for 39 days until the domain name *dontlookawaychallenge.███* was suspended by the American, Canadian and most Latin American governments. The United Nations Global Occult Coalition was notified of the issue and following a massive collaborative normalcy enforcement operation, access to the site was blocked worldwide within 55 days of the front page going online.

During the 55 days the site was either entirely or partially accessible to the public, it was visited by 137 individuals from various parts of the globe a total of 349 times. 64 of these individuals were later identified as members of ATF. The remaining individuals exposed to the site's contents have not been identified. Foundation webcrawlers have been surveying the net ever since to remove any references to SCP-7637, although no such references have been flagged yet presumably thanks to the obscure nature of the website. Strangely, no member of ATF made any effort to advertise the site for the duration of its existence.

User XXXchallenger33532 was identified in 2019 as Arturo Mosley: A 26-year-old Sacramento based barrista, amateur hacker and former member of ATF. After he was sued by the family of 13-year-old Kayla Cline because of allegedly provoking a failed suicide attempt, "XXXchallenger33532" was revealed to be the name of a now inactive sock puppet account once operated by Mosley. Shortly after this information was disclosed, Mosley's case drew the Foundation's attention and he was detained for interrogation.

**INTERVIEW LOG 7637-2-MO**

**INTERVIEWER:** Doctor Reece Newman

**INTERVIEWEE:** Arturo Mosley, SCP-7637-2 instance

[BEGIN LOG]

**Mosley:** -but really, as long as you give me one, the towel does not even have to be dry-

**Dr. Newman:** I heard you just fine the first time. You're in no condition to be making such requests, Mr. Mosley.

**Mosley:** Who even are you guys? You sure as hell are not cops or security guards. Is this some sort of shadow government bullshit?

**Dr. Newman:** Close enough.

**Mosley:** Oh, so *that's* how it is. Listen, I know it's not a good look to have but I couldn't have known-

**Dr. Newman:** Yes you could have, Artur. I read the chat logs. But that's not what we brought you here for. Do you really think you cyberbullying an innocent girl into suicide is a crime significant enough to get the shadow government, as you put it, involved?

**Mosley:** ...Jeez. You're making it sound like I killed her.

**Dr. Newman:** What?

**Mosley:** The girl. You know she survived right? I'm not a murderer.

**Dr. Newman:** *(pause)* You're here now because we would like to know about a certain project you were involved in a year or so ago, Artur. Does the name... Don't look away challenge dot ███ ring any bells?

**Mosley:** Uhhh... That's not my work. Although I should've known you'd come after me. I think that was the intention from the start anyways.

**Dr. Newman:** Explain.

**Mosley:** Ever heard of a little group called ATF? Probably not, it's-

**Dr. Newman:** Accelerate the Future. Yes, I know them.

**Mosley:** Oh boy. This is serious. Listen, if you want information on the fuckers I got nothing. But if you got anything, I'd love to hear. I hate the bastards just as much as the next guy.

**Dr. Newman:** But you were a member.

**Mosley:** Oh, fuck off. Literally days after my membership got accepted, this guy approached me on the forums, telling me he was the leader of the whole operation and all and asked me for a favor. He wanted my password. I told him no, of course, didn't care if he was the CEO of ATF or the whole world, I ain't giving my password to someone I don't even really know as a person right? Turns out it wasn't really a choice.

**Dr. Newman:** So you gave him the password?

**Mosley:** Yup. It was either that or get banned.

**Dr. Newman:** And this person, this CEO guy, used your account to launch the site?

**Mosley:** Yeah.

**Dr. Newman:** So you were just a scapegoat?

**Mosley:** Pretty much.

**Dr. Newman:** Did this person use your account for any other purpose?

**Mosley:** None that I know of.

**Dr. Newman:** And when and for what reason did you transition from a member to a former member? This sounds like a pretty big favor you did, giving away your password to a stranger like that.

**Mosley:** It was, that's why I got permabanned like a week later. I thought we'd be partners after that but no, I was just a tool all along. But I blame myself for everything really, it's my bad for trusting those goatfuckers with anything.

**Dr. Newman:** That's unfortunate. I was hoping you could provide information on how the site came to be in the first place, where those people got all those pictures from or maybe even the identity of this mysterious "CEO" you mentioned. Would certainly help with your case.

**Mosley:** *(pauses, then chuckles lightly)* Yeah, about that. The guy's username was olliefox, but he prefered to keep his name anonymous. *(raises hands in the air)* So I got nothing on that, I mean it. But, I did get to ask him about what site he got all those images from and he told me the images weren't actually from the Internet, you see.

**Dr. Newman:** ...did he take them himself?

**Mosley:** Nah, he said he found them. I asked him how and where, and he just said something about owning an... ████████████████ ██████? I'm... not sure what he meant by that.

**Dr. Newman:** By saying  ████████████████ ██████ do you mean something similar to... Say...

**Mosley:** Listen, I don't know what he meant by that. It was really weird, he just offhandedly mentioned it to me once as if it's a completely normal thing to just have sitting at your house. I had no idea what he meant and was confused as hell and asked more but he dismissed me. Said he would explain everything to me in private later on. He never did though, and I got banned. The site didn't even last two months though, so jokes on him.

**Dr. Newman:** And the woman in the bathtub?

**Mosley:** Huh?

**Dr. Newman:** The photograph of the woman crying in the bathtub. Where'd that come from? Why is it even on the site? What does it have to do with the other pictures?

**Mosley:** Oh, you mean the one with the intestines spilling out? I think I remember that one. Like I said, I don't know where he got the pictures from. But it's a shock site, so of course it's going to have shocking images, I dunno why you're confused on that.

**Dr. Newman:** Guess you didn't scroll that far.

**Mosley:** What do you mean?

**Dr. Newman:** Nothing. I just have one more thing I hope you can help us with, then we're done here.

**Mosley:** Sweet.

**Dr. Newman:** Why do you think ATF would do this? I thought the group's intentions were primarily profit based, why even make something like this, what was the end goal here?

**Mosley:** Funny you should ask that, I happened to question Ollie on that as well. He said it wasn't about money. He was doing it to "get back at someone" and those are his words, not mine. I questioned him a bit more about it but Ollie being Ollie, he was quick to shut me off again. So that's it. That's all I have.

[END LOG]

Following this interview, Mosley was amnesticized to remove his knowledge of the Foundation, Accelerate the Future and the existence of ████████████████ ███████, and subsequently returned to the custody of law enforcement officials to stand trial for violating Penal Code 653.2 PC of the Californian law. Mosley was sentenced to 100 hours of community service and counseling on cyberbullying by a Calfornian judge for harrassing and extorting Ms. Cline online. Additionally, Mosley was kept under remote surveillance for 183 days until it was decided he was not a person of any interest for the Foundation at that point. Mosley's current status is not well-known, but considered to be insignificant.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

---

**UPDATES HAVE BEEN MADE TO THIS FILE ON 04/11/2024 IN LIGHT OF RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ON THREAT ASSESSMENT FOR ANOMALY# 7637. FURTHER UPDATES ARE PENDING.**

<details>
<summary>INSERT LEVEL 2+ CREDENTIALS.</summary>

**UPDATE 04/11/2024:** Information on the Rendierveld Stabbing Incident

On 04/11/2024 at around 11 a.m. by local time, college students Wim Sloot (male, 20) and Sofie ten Veen (female, 20) met at a small local park in Eindhoven, the Netherlands as part of a mutual agreement they had made via text the night prior. At around 11.30, Sloot is believed to have assaulted and knocked out ten Veen using chloroform. He then allegedly gagged her mouth and restrained her hands and feet, nearly completely incapacitating her. Sloot then began to film the rest of the crime using his personal cell phone. In addition to its brutality, the incident gained attraction for the involvement of a third individual, Vera Landuweer (female, 39), who was exposed as an instance of SCP-7637-2 in the aftermath of the crime. A transcript of the footage filmed by Sloot has been attached below.

**00m 00s:** Sloot begins recording, showing ten Veen's unconscious body lying at the roots of a tree at the park. Ten Veen has a minor bruise below her chin, but is otherwise uninjured.

**00m 03s:** Sloot grabs ten Veen's right cheek with his arm that's not recording, inserting his thumb in ten Veen's mouth to get a better grasp. He then lifts up her head and strikes it against the trunk of a nearby tree.

**00m 05s:** Ten Veen groans in pain, slowly opening her eyes. She squints at Sloot and tries to touch the back of her head but fails because her hands are tied behind her back. Realizing this, her eyes widen in horror, still focused on Sloot. Sloot is heard vocalizing off-camera in a sarcastic tone in Dutch: *"Good morning sweetheart!"*

**00m 07s:** Sloot, now having taken out a switchblade from one of his pockets, begins slowly dragging it across ten Veen's neck. Ten Veen panicks and kicks Sloot in the chest using her restrained feet. Sloot loses his balance, falls over and groans in pain.

**00m 08s:** Ten Veen resumes kicking her feet, striking Sloot several times. This causes Sloot to drop the camera. The view of the camera is temporarily blocked, although what's happening can be ascertained from the sounds made by Sloot and ten Veen.

**00m 10s:** Several soft "popping" sounds are heard off camera, accompanied by ten Veen's muffled screams. This continues for several seconds.

**00m 15s:** Sloot picks the phone up, showing ten Veen's injured body. Ten Veen is rolling and crawling on the ground, apparently attempting to escape. Her legs and feet are bleeding, preventing her from standing up.

**00m 16s:** Sloot approaches ten Veen, turns her over and begins to pressure her legs to stop her from escaping. As Sloot inflicts pressure on ten Veen's injuries, she screams, but her screams are interrupted by a spontaneous fit of cough.

**00m 20s:** Sloot stabs ten Veen twice in both shoulders. He then whispers in Dutch: *"You never believed in me, didn't you?"*

**00m 27s:** Sloot slashes ten Veen's left eye. Ten Veen starts to frantically shake her head and coughs up some blood, however, due to the gag covering her mouth, begins choking on it. Sloot whispers to her again in Dutch: *"I told you I'd become famous. And you just laughed in my face. I asked you what was so funny and you immediately went silent. Remember that one? I do. It's a core memory of mine, that moment."*

**00m 33s:** Sloot lifts up ten Veen's shirt and slowly drags the knife across her abdomen. Ten Veen doesn't scream and continues to make gurgling sounds because of the blood pooling up in her mouth. As he drags the knife, Sloot whispers in Dutch: *"Now, we're both going to become famous. For that, you're welcome. What was it that you said to me? 'You can be such a control freak sometimes?' Do you remember that one? How long has it been? Do you remember? Huh?"*

**00m 40s:** Sloot suddenly inserts the knife in ten Veen's right shoulder blade. She makes a sound similar to a mix of choking and screaming. Sloot, now speaking in a louder volume, says in Dutch: *"Such a nice spot in the woods we picked, isn't it? As far away from the city as possible, away from all those boring puppets that are obsessed with their own rules. Don't you agree?"*

**00m 46s:** Sloot begins dragging the knife across ten Veen's right arm. He continues until he reaches the elbow. Hearing footsteps, he stops.

**01m 12s:** The phone's camera pans to the right to show Vera Landuweer approaching the couple from afar. Sloot does not react. Ten Veen, probably having noticed Landuweer also, starts to plead in a muffled voice. She sounds as if she's trying to form words, but keeps choking on her blood. Landuweer continues approaching the couple at a steady walking speed of 3 mph, not picking up any significant speed as she gets closer.

**01m 30s:** At this point, Landuweer is a mere 1.5 m away from Sloot and ten Veen and yet, is still not picking up any speed. Her eyes finally focus on Sloot, who has now stopped inflicting pressure on ten Veen's legs and is standing up, silently watching as Landuweer passes by. Landuweer smiles faintly, raises her hand and utters the words *"Good morning."* in Dutch. Sloot doesn't respond, continuing to stare at Landuweer.

**01m 40s:** As Landuweer continues to walk away, her back now turned to Sloot, the camera pans down to show ten Veen attempting to crawl towards Landuweer's direction. Even though her voice is muffled, the word *"Help"* can be understood. Landuweer does not react to this despite being at a distance where she can still hear ten Veen's vocalizations. Sloot does not make a sound and keeps standing still as Landuweer walks away.

**02m 11s:** Landuweer is now too far away to be seen. Ten Veen has stopped making any vocalizations. The camera pans down to show ten Veen lying face down on the ground, whimpering very softly and not moving. Sloot kneels, turns her over and slits her throat. Ten Veen begins to thrash violently as she bleeds from her thoat, prompting Sloot to take several steps back.

**02m 15s:** The rest of the video shows ten Veen bleeding to death on the ground as Sloot occasionally makes irrelevant and nonsensical comments. Once ten Veen stops moving, Sloot stops filming. The video ends at 05m 49s.

Sloot turned himself in at 12.47 that day and provided to the police video evidence of his crime as well as a hand written 5 pages long manifesto.The contents of this manifesto have been deemed irrelevant for the Foundation's investigation. Following the release of the said footage, the case generated intense attention from the media and the Dutch branch of the Foundation. Both Sloot and Landuweer were arrested by the Dutch police for their crimes and charged with first degree murder and negligent homicide respectively. Landuweer was a primary focus of the journalists covering the incident as she had no confirmed affiliation with Sloot prior to their encounter at the park.

Landuweer's personal electronic devices were confiscated and investigated, leading to the discovery of an SCP-7637-1 instance stored on a flash drive owned by Landuweer among other files containing graphic content which had been copied onto the flash drive from various shock sites.Among these files were photographs and videos depicting victims of car accidents, war crimes, suicides, murders, torchings and cartel violence. All of these files were surveyed, determined to be non-anomalous and Landuweer's possession of them was not found to be in violation of any laws. It is unknown how Landuweer came to possess the said copy of SCP-7637-1, she has either been unable to recall or unwilling to elaborate on this subject. Landuweer has since expressed regret regarding this incident and agreed her actions had been unethical (see Interview Log 7637-2-LA). Placing her under the Foundation's superview has been deemed unnecessary as she is currently serving prison time in Eindhoven and is not a significant security risk to the Veil or the public.

~~Information suppression efforts on the incident are ongoing as of 09/11/2024.~~ Containment protocols for SCP-7637-2 instances are undergoing revision at this time. Notably, this is the first and only known incident of an SCP-7637-2 instance being involved in a high profile criminal case so far.

**NOTE FROM DOCTOR REECE NEWMAN, CO-HEAD RESEARCHER, SCP-7637**

My team and I have successfully simulated the Rendierveld Incident twice in controlled environments using D Class personnel. We first introduced a non-anomalous D Class personnel to the area, who had already been restrained to an operating table and their mouths had been sealed shut to stop them from forming coherent words. We then introduced another regular Class D to the chamber, handed them a switchblade and ordered them to cut the subject restrained on the table. They complied without hesitation, fearing termination.

Lastly, we introduced an SCP-7637-2 instance to the chamber to observe their reaction. Upon seeing the two subjects, the SCP-7637-2 instance calmly asked the subject wielding the knife "how he was doing" and made no attempt to help the subject restrained on the table. The SCP-7637-2 instance then attempted to engage the knife wielding subject in casual conversation, this attempt was met with confusion. The test was halted at this point and the restrained subject was treated for her injuries.

We repeated this test again under similar circumstances, this time with entirely different subjects and without covering the mouth of the victim restrained on the table. Upon seeing the SCP-7637-2 instance introduced to the chamber, the victim instantly started pleading. Surprisingly, SCP-7637-2 reacted appropriately this time, attempting to confront the subject wielding the knife in order to assist the victim. The test was again halted at this point.

In our opinion, the results of these tests indicate that exposure to SCP-7637-2 causes knowledge of what is "ethical" and what is "unethical" to be suppressed, similar to an antimemetic effect. This knowledge can be temporarily "reactivated" if a subject is alerted to the nature of a problematic situation, but this knowledge is apparently lost following the conclusion of the incident that triggered its "reactivation," as understood from the interviews conducted with the SCP-7637-2 instances after the tests took place.

There is another issue that I and my team would like to address here, as we find this one to be of even greater concern. We all viewed the video filmed by Sloot and those of us who have also seen the infamous picture of the woman crying in the bathtub couldn't help but notice certain... similarities.

Of course, since the face of the woman is obstructed, we can't be certain of this in the truest sense of the word as facial identification is not plausible. However, in addition to matching hair and skin colors, the woman in the picture appears to have had numerous scars across her shoulders, arms, legs and abdomen at the time of the picture's taking, which seem almost identical to the ones given to ten Veen by Sloot. Not only that, the hair of the woman in the picture has been braided in a ponytail, the same hair style ten Veen had at the time of her death. Looking at the data we have in light of these observations, one can see why Accelerate the Future made no attempt to advertise the website while it lasted. I doubt that the site was ever meant for general viewing.

The implications of these similarities are so heavy that I don't think I can go into more detail about them right now and right here. But I'll say this: SCP-7637 was registered in 2018. The Rendierveld Incident occurred almost 6 years later in 2024. I seriously think we should consider reclassifying ATF's status as an "inactive" group of interest and begin to actively research the full extent of their capabilities, resources and the current statuses of its ex-members to understand how such a small group could pull such a thing off. Additionally, I would like to formally protest Sloot and Landuweer's classifications as low priority persons of interest. I suspect either one or both of them are or were once affiliated with ATF.

I am well aware it is a *very* unreliable method when it comes to uncovering highly specific memories such as this, but I can't help but be suspicious of how the results of mnestic therapy indicates that Landuweer has no memories of ever viewing the SCP-7637-1 instance that was found on her flash drive. Sure, seeing how many shock images she had saved on her computer, it wouldn't be completely unreasonable to assume she simply forgot about that one, but interrogation results confirmed she could recall details regarding most of the other images she had on her drive, down to the sites she downloaded them from.

I have discussed this issue with not only other members of my research team, but also numerous other colleagues of mine, and I'm not alone in believing that the issue we have at hand here transcends the anomalous. I know this might be a stretch, but having seen Landuweer's humble little collection of disturbing imagery myself, I don't think I'm being overly paranoid when I say it makes sense for someone who is comfortable having all those images casually saved on their computer to be also comfortable with the idea of leaving someone to die in the hands of a violent psychopath. How do we even know for sure that Landuweer is an SCP-7637-2 instance? How do we know her encounter with Sloot and ten Veen at the park was purely coincidental? Do we really have enough data to state any of this as fact?

With all due respect,

~ Dr. Reece Newman

</details>

---

<< [SCP-7636](SCP-7636) | SCP-7637 | [SCP-7638](SCP-7638) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
