:root {

        --header-gradient-color-bottom: 157, 157, 157;

    --bright-accent: 190, 190, 190;

    --pale-accent: 190, 190, 190;

    --dark-accent: 141, 199, 223;

    --hover-link-color: 91, 206, 250;

    --visited-link-color: 91, 206, 250;

    --footnotes-footer-num-color: 191, 191, 191;

    --hoverblock-header-bg:  191, 191, 191;

    --newpage-color: 191, 191, 191;}

:root {

    --fnColor: #bfbfbf;

}

.danke {

    padding: 5px;

    margin-bottom:10px;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.1em; 

}

.agent {

    background-color:#102240;

    border: 3px solid #5BCDFA;

    color: #5BCDFA;

}

.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #5BCDFA; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 25px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px #5BCDFA}

:root {

--thaumiel: 0, 135, 189

}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7753 has been reclassified as Neutralized following Incident 7753.1.

**Description:** SCP-7753 was a stylistic similarity seen in a number of poems ideated in close geographical proximity. Poems ideated during manifestation events were often descriptive in nature, and when subsequent manifestations were confirmed, were seen to describe the location of the manifestation immediately prior.

SCP-7753 manifestations were recorded anywhere from minutes to days after one another and were incredibly short, meaning subjects were regularly incapable of processing the projected poem in full. Due to this, a majority of subjects processed SCP-7753 manifestations as brief mental images, collections of phrases, or forgot them entirely.

International Foundation personnel employed the use of mild mnestics.Agents that recover memories. to monitor SCP-7753 manifestations for irregular contents. Poems uncovered from this process can be found in Addendum 7753.1..Poems collected internationally were translated to English, original interpretations are available upon request. 

**Addendum 7753.1:** Abridged Manifestation Log

---

**Note:** Manifestation 7753/11 marks the first successful use of mnestics to recover SCP-7753 poems.

---

= **Manifestation 7753/11**

---

**Area of Effect:** Kenilworth, Illinois, USA

**Date:** 26JUL2022

---

Sprigs that reach into the open sky

and vines that whorl round to a choke

between them in the underbrush

a bird.

Riding on unsettled air

around the beasts that drive

a road breaking through

the woods.

 

Scent thick because they're always here

but never quite the same

for each has set a mark somewhere far

to reach.

On a path with no end

feel artificial winds awaken

where another bird catches tailwind

and soars.

---

**Note:** 81 Manifestations omitted.

---

= **Manifestation 7753/93**

---

**Area of Effect:** Thüringen, Austria

**Date:**30SEP2022

---

A hall of many faces

often shed and built anew

one more chance to start

the beating heart

of patrons passing through.

Upon sheets of grey linoleum

under lights that never fade

what strange discovery

hid within

a solemn treasure of an age.

---

**Note:** 164 Manifestations omitted.

---

= **Manifestation 7753/258**

---

**Area of Effect:** Heyfield, Victoria, Australia 

**Date:** 26MAR2023

---

There is no pool deeper

than the reach of the sky

where the stars lay drowning above.

There is no night blacker

than the deepest of depths

where all mysteries freely reside.

But still the fronts meet

a paradoxical feat

An achievement just on the horizon.

Bond formed in a ring

just further than all things

where all fades in awe of blue.

---

**Note:** SCP-7753 manifestations halted for approximately 3 months following Manifestation 7753/258. Investigations are ongoing.

---

**Addendum 7753.2:** Incident 7753.1 

On the 27th of May 2023, Site-357 experienced a series of back to back SCP-7753 manifestations starting with Manifestation 7753/259 at 0636. The timeline is as follows.

= **Manifestation 7753/259**

---

**Time:** 0636

---

**Note:** Manifestation 7753/259 was apparently "empty". Staff conscious at the time of manifestation became unresponsive, while remaining in the positions they were in before the manifestation event, for upwards of 3 hours.

---

As Site personnel recovered from the initial manifestation, emergency protocols were put into place to mitigate a comprehensive breach potentiality.

---

= **Manifestation 7753/260**

---

**Time:** 0724

---

Winding halls and splitting paths

web woven just below

to veil the hidden treasures

found within

with cause and none.

The stale air brushes gentle words

inscribed upon the walls

long sinking through the bricks

and lost within

with cause and none.

---

SCP-7753 followed its regular content pattern for the next hour in Manifestations 7753/260-263..Example above, others omitted for brevity.

---

= **Manifestation 7753/264**

---

**Time:** 0843

---

CONCRETE WALLS

AND

CONCRETE WALLS

AND

CONCRETE WALLS

AND

CONCRETE WALLS

AND

CONCRETE WALLS

AND

CONCRETE WALLS

AND....Shortened for legibility.

---

Site staff began to experience difficulty exercising their duties due to the sudden frequency and intensity of Manifestations 7753/264-327.Example above, others omitted for brevity. which took place over the next hour and a half.

---

= **Manifestation 7753/328**

---

**Time:** 1017

---

Entombing web

stone prison

sigil wrought to the dirt.

Dampened echo

of a whispered word.

---

SCP-7753 suddenly shifted to low intensity expressions for Manifestations 7753/328-356.Example above, others omitted for brevity. set apart by approximately 10 minutes over the next 4 hours.

---

= **Manifestation 7753/357**

---

**Time:** 1424

---

The stale air held its troubled repose

and still the sun rose.

---

Following Manifestation 7753/357, SCP-7753 halted all activity.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

= **END OF FILE**

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

| Welcome, Dross

| **Currently viewing:** Conversation history with TFlock.

> {{**TFlock:** Ever since the Incident last week I've been having weird dreams.}}

> {{**TFlock:** It's like I'm awake, on site, then I wake up again.}}

> {{**TFlock:** It's hellish.}}

> {{**TFlock:** Is this normal?}}

> {{**TFlock:** Is it another weird thing I have to keep track of?}}

> -

> {{**Dross:** no}} 

> -

> {{**TFlock:** What?}}

> -

> {{**Dross:** no dream anomalies}}

> {{**Dross:** none that I know of}}

> -

> {{**TFlock:** It's getting really annoying Dross.}}

> {{**TFlock:** Whenever I get into a flow while working.}} 

> {{**TFlock:** The concrete starts to superimpose over itself.}} 

> {{**TFlock:** And the light starts to get too bright.}} 

> {{**TFlock:** Kinda reminds me of the incident a few days ago? }}

> {{**TFlock:** Not really a fan of thinking about that too much.}} 

> {{**TFlock:** Just going to forget about it.}}

> {{**TFlock:** Like I normally do...}}

> -

> {{**TFlock:** At least it gets better outside.}}

> -

> {{**Dross:** meet me in cafeteria b}}

> {{**Dross:** need to test something}}

> -

> {{**TFlock:** Ok?}}

> - new 

> {{**TFlock:** Dross what was that all about???}}

> {{**TFlock:** Did you figure out the dream thing???}}

@@> close@@

@@ @@

@@> access 7753@@

| Processing request...

@@ @@

@@> submit 7753_new.scp@@

| Processing request...

@@ @@

| Do you wish to overwrite the current file?

@@> yes@@

@@ @@

| Processing request...

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

| Open updated file?

@@> yes@@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-7753 is contained within Site-357. Investigations as to why this is the case are ongoing.A Damballah class object is contained, but the methods and/or purpose of containment are unknown.

Site-357 personnel may request aids for dampening SCP-7753's effect from on-site HR representatives.

**Description:** SCP-7753 describes the manifestation of stylistically similar poems describing Site-357 into the minds of Site-357 personnel. 

SCP-7753 manifestations occur continuously across the entirety of Site-357, but are presently unable to affect subjects at or above standard brain activity. Site personnel may employ the use of meditation coupled with mild mnestics to receive SCP-7753 ideations. A poem uncovered from this process can be found in Addendum 7753.1.

**Addendum 7753.1:** Manifestation Example

= **Excerpt 7753:25JUN2023**

---

As growing from the distant mount

a mounting spectacle of light

reborn anew now fills the sky

in splendor high.

Though rooted long in lonesome peat

a wilting face encounters morn

embracing now the vital view

in silent awe.

Still through the many subtle shifts

of clouds that sprawl from gentle wisps

and whisper tides of change 

sol still sole takes its eye.

So as its fleeting arc admits

beneath the far unchanging sky

it hears in honored parting rays

day will return.

=====

> **Filename:** damballah-icon.svg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

=====

<< [SCP-7752](SCP-7752) | SCP-7753 | [SCP-7754](SCP-7754) >>
