Britannia Division

 :root{--lgurl: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/aa/Coat_of_arms_of_the_United_Kingdom_%281901-1952%2C_abridged_arms%2C_variant_2%29.svg)}

:root{--header-title: " HM Anomaly Service ";

         --header-subtitle: "Vigilemus ubi Deus prospicere non audet"}

:root{

     --accentColor: hsl(46, 55%, 52%);

     --accentColorLite: hsl(46, 55%, 62%);

     --hue: hue; 050deg}

**SCP-7740:** Royal Radio

**Author:** 

**Notes:** Hello! Little Author note here! I’m trialling a totally new format here, involving HMAS – His Majesty’s Anomaly Service! Please leave any suggestions for changes & whatnot in the usual comments and please upvote if you’d like to see more of HMAS. I have other ideas for HMAS anomalies or “divergences”.

More, optional info that appears in a new window. Remove the "" if you don't want this

]

---

#### NOTICE FROM HIS MAJESTY'S ANOMALY SERVICE DIRECTORATE

Good afternoon everybody!

A notice here to remind you that this file requires specialty handling and protection to prevent it from entering the eyes of the public. Remember that even if members of the Royal Household ask to see this document, they cannot see it, they cannot know it exists. This is to prevent public panic and mistrust in the institution.

They cannot know that the entire institution is built upon us -- and an anomaly.

With regards to the above "Classification System Notice", this is a new system the SCP Foundation required us to install to this Divergence. This is due to classification changes in the SCP Foundation, of which this anomaly has been dually monitored and contained since 1997.

**God Save the King!**

-- Erin Byrne, Director

**Circumscription Procedural Order:** As part of the agreement with the SCP Foundation, we require a "Special Containment Procedure" - This is that. 

Divergence-7740 Referred to as D-7740, or SCP-7740 by the SCP Foundation.  and its negating effects are to be controlled without fail. Divergence-7740 is to be considered Moiety class.  Moiety Class defines any anomaly that is integral to the Institutions of the United Kingdom. 

Containment of Divergence-7740 can be ensured through Operation "Crowned Compass"; This is the only known way to prevent Divergence-7740. Operation Crowned Compass is an operation involving the re-enactment of the most recent coronation ceremony of the Monarch of the United Kingdom of Great Britain & Northern Ireland, and their other Realms and Territories. The re-enactment is to occur within Crown-Site-960, located below the "Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster", or "Westminster Abbey". The Site is an exact replica of the real Abbey sitting above it. Since 3 June, 1953, the re-enactment has been Queen Elizabeth the Second's coronation.

This re-enactment is to include all events from the entering of the monarch to the closing procession. All attendees originally present at the event are to be accounted for by reenactors of similar age, height and race. Furthermore, reenacting attendees must bear ceremonial dress as worn at the originating event.

Special Operations Group 118 (SOG-118) is to perform Operation Crowned Compass. Agents of the Force are to be split into four unique squad. Each Squad is to spend 4 days operating, before spending 12 days resting. In the event Crowned Compass is a failed event, SOG-118 operations change from re-enactment to surveillance. SOG-118 are to scan all radio transmission waves to search for Divergence-7740-1. If the frequency broadcast is detected, the Prime Minister, the Director of HMAS and the Chief of the Metropolitan Police are to be alerted, to prepare for the next 72 hours.

In the event there is a new monarch, due to the death or abdication of the previous reigning monarch, the new monarch must be coronated within two years, otherwise Divergence-7740 will take effect immediately, and the monarch will die.

**Description:**

Divergence-7740 is an anomalous series of events, resulting in the death of the British Monarch. D-7740 occurs in the event that Operation Crowned Compass does not occur accurately to the second, every day.

If Divergence-7740's events begin, D-7740-1 will occur within 72 hours of the failed coronating event. D-7740-1 is an anomalous radio communication of the National Anthem of the United Kingdom which signifies the failure of Operation Crowned Compass. The broadcast has been deemed impossible to have its broadcast location determined. As recorded on 7. September 2022, below is D-7740-1:

**Origins:**

Divergence-7740 has been correlated to the reign of Oliver Cromwell and "Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland" from 1653–1659. Researchers from the Institute of Historical Research Inconsistency Branch have come to the unanimous conclusion that the subject had been formulated using unknown resources, establishing this curse on the British Royal Family. 

Since 23 April 1661, the day preceding Charles II Coronation as King of England, the re-enactment of the coronary events has occurred. 

The frequency broadcast, D-7740-1 was first detected on 2 January 1901, 24 hours before the death of Queen Victoria, by ██████ ██████, an early radio enthusiast. Subsequently, SOG-118 is to monitor radio frequencies to detect if a re-enactment had failed.

**Public Communications Order:**

CO-4322(P), or Communications Order-4322(Public) is a Police order issued by HM Government in 1963. The order stipulates that the public is not to know of D-7740's existence. The order specifies this due to the domestic stability risk associated with public knowledge that the nation relies on this anomaly. 

Furthermore, the order stipulates no reigning monarch, nor their family is to have understanding of the existence of the subject.

<< [Divergence-7739](scp-7739) | Divergence-7740 | [Divergence-7741](scp-7741) >>

> **Filename:** God Save the King (1927).ogg

> **Author:** Unknown

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:God_Save_the_King_(1927).ogg)

> **Filename:** argus-icon.svg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/miragetd)
