**Item #:** SCP-9260

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Instances of SCP-9260-1 should be kept in the storage sector of Site-55. Members of the public who come into contact with SCP-9260-1 must be amnesticized and subconsciously tutored. Janitorial staff must deploy toilet paper rolls in accordance to as depicted on SCP-9260-1.

**Description:** SCP-9260 is the spontaneous imprinting on toilet paper rolls with the image of patent US390084A (fig. 1). The image is present in every sheet of each roll affected (collectively designated SCP-9260-1). 

On 25/09/2025 janitorial staff at Site-55 reported instances of SCP-9260-1 in █ bathrooms. Personnel who utilized SCP-9260-1 for bodily hygiene reported having experienced "the feeling of doing something wrong". Object analysis has not shown any other anomalous behavior. 

Junior Researchers accompanying janitorial staff in their duties inside the affected facilities reported that hanging toilet paper rolls contrary to US390084A (fig. 1) causes SCP-9260-1 to manifest, while acting in accordance does not. Reverting the position of an SCP-9260-1 instance does not alter its properties.

<details>
<summary>+ US390084A (fig. 1)</summary>

US390084A is the oldest paper roll holder patent in recorded history, owned by inventor Henry S. Lane (1888).

</details>

**Addendum-9260-1:** Activity Log

On 26/09/2025 testing was conducted at the facilities affected by SCP-9260. It was concluded that the facilities themselves are otherwise non-anomalousThe bathrooms are not SCP-9260 itself. and are cleared for personnel use as long as containment procedure is followed. Janitorial staff were instructed accordingly.

On 01/10/2025 three SCP-9260-1 instances were secured by the Foundation at an undisclosed domicile in Boston, USA following a tip from off-duty Agent Mark Wheeler, who found a post showcasing SCP-9260-1 on social media. The incident was disguised as a prank and the residents were amnesticized and subconsciously instructed to follow SCP-9260 containment procedures via [REDACTED]. Aside from US390084A (fig. 1), a letter of the (latin) alphabet was found imprinted on one of its sheets, accompanied by a number on its opposite side (notated as {*letter*-*number*} henceforth): {Y-1}; {O-2}; {U-3}.

Throughout 02/10/2025 to 30/11/2025 the Foundation secured a total of 45 additional SCP-9260-1 instances in locations ranging from Boston, USA to Ottawa, Canada; Northern Ontario, Canada and Philadelphia, USA. No discernible pattern has yet been been noticed regarding the spread of SCP-9260. The following is a list of the 48 combinations gathered:

{Y-1} {O-2} {U-3} {S-4} {H-5} {A-6} {L-7} {L-8} {N-9} {O-10} {T-11} {S-12} {T-13} {O-14} {P-15} {M-16} {E-17} {I-18} {H-19} {A-20} {V-21} {E-22} {A-23} {M-24} {I-25} {S-26} {S-27} {I-28} {O-29} {N-30} {I-31} {A-32} {M-33} {H-34} {E-35} {N-36} {R-37} {Y-38} {L-39} {A-40} {N-41} {E-42} {I-43} {A-44} {M-45} {H-46} {I-47} {M-48}

Assembled in digestible form:

YOU SHALL NOT STOP ME

I HAVE A MISSION

I AM HENRY LANE

I AM HIM

A request to reassign containment of SCP-9260 to the Department of Spectral Phenomena has been approved.

**Addendum-9260-2:**

Following SCP-9260's activity the Foundation took notice on the increase of reported cases concerning the use of toilet paper for mischief in the urban areas affected. Whether this is related to SCP-9260 or not is under investigation. Subsequent ███ SCP-9260-1 instances were secured and none contained a *letter-number* combination.

**Addendum-9260-3:** Incident Log

On 23/12/2025 one SCP-9260-1 instance was found at Outpost 117. The bathroom was destroyed and quarantined by personnel in an attempt to prevent SCP-9260 from possibly coming into contact with [SCP-2966](https://scpwiki.com/scp-2966). At present, no further instances have been discovered at Outpost 117.

On 14/01/2026 two SCP-9260-1 instances without a *letter-number* combination were secured by the Foundation, and no further SCP-9260 activity has been detected since. Investigation on the past of inventor H.S. Lane by the Department of Spectral Phenomena is ongoing. SCP-9260-1 instances will continue to be stored at Site-55 due to its closer proximity to most affected areas.

**Addendum-9260-4:** Message from Human Resources Department Liaison Amanda Juniper to ██ Site-55 personnel (e-mail addresses undisclosed):

As per our last meeting, I would like to take this opportunity to further address the complaints sent to my desk because apparently our informal talk last month is not helping the situation. 

Although this e-mail is also somewhat informal, it will stay on record, so this time I hope I'll make myself more clear and won't be forced to take this issue to my superiors:

1. Containment procedures for SCP-9260 in Site-55 are to be carried out by the janitor staff, **NOT** by junior employees.

2. SCP-9260-1 already in containment will **NOT** show new letters or messages. Junior Researchers do **NOT** have to periodically check on "each and every single sheet".

3. The "mummy" prank on new employees is **NOT** funny.

These practices are harmful to the well-being of all employees and our workplace, and must cease effective immediately.                                                                             

                                                                                                   

                                                                                                 Amanda Juniper

                                                                                Site-55 Local H.R. Department Liaison             

A request to lock the door to SCP-9260-1's storage room has been issued. Denied.

============================

<< [SCP-9259](SCP-9259) | SCP-9260 | [SCP-9261](SCP-9261) >>

> **Filename:** like this.png

> **Name:** Fig.1.

> **Author:** Henry S. Lane (1888) and edited by me (Ogaito)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://imgur.com/tuj1nNx

> **Additional Notes:** Image took from the first page of US390084A and edited by me (Ogaito)
