#page-content .colmod-block {

    margin: 1em o;

}

.ethics_memo>p:nth-child(1)::before {

    content: "THE MANDATE OF THE ETHICS COMMITTEE IS IN EFFECT";

}

Not a real doctor.

Check out my other works!

[Dr K. Parker's Research File](drkparker-research-file)

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-454

C. Parker

K. Parker

N/A

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |click-fullscreen=--]

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=400px

|url=https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-9557/SCP-9557-1.png

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-9557-1 in Site-454-CRD's storage room.

]]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:**

All SCP-9557 instances are contained within an active simulated environment within Sub-Level 12 of Site-454, designated as Site-454-CRD. The interior of Site-454-CRD must be comprised of cardboard, papier-mâché and other non-durable materials in order to prevent SCP-9557 instances from mimicking more complex materials and maintain the illusion believed by SCP-9557 instances that they are legitimate Foundation personnel operating within a standard containment facility.

Personnel entering Site-454-CRD must maintain the illusion that SCP-9557 instances are working with the Foundation, ensuring no attention is brought to the anomalous status of the SCP-9557 instances or the artificial nature of their environment. Previous incidents have demonstrated that exposure to contradictory information can result in identity crises or, in one case, a spontaneous “internal investigation” performed by SCP-9557-6 against a cardboard chair. (See Incident 9557-A.)

SCP-9557 instances are to be routinely provided with fabricated containment assignments involving cardboard replicas (“Fake Anomalies”) constructed by Site Staff. The Fake Anomalies provided to SCP-9557 instances imitate pre-existing anomalies housed within Site-454. This process is to encourage continued engagement and procedural development within SCP-9557 instances.

Fake containment procedures provided to SCP-9557 instances are to be simplified to allow for better understanding of protocols. Staff are advised to meet with SCP-9557-1 to revise containment procedures over time to match with live revisions of the anomalies the fake containment procedures are based on.

As of Incident 9557-C, Site Command has approved the usage of SCP-9557 instances for limited “Protocol Pilots.” Newly proposed low-risk containment methods and safety protocols may first be introduced into Site-454-CRD for initial observation.

---

**Description:**

SCP-9557 is a collective designation referring to a group of 16 entities capable of mimicking materials within close proximity, currently comprised of layered cardboard, adhesive compounds and organic flesh closely resembling crab flesh. Instances vary slightly in height and weight, however they all resemble crudely cobbled together human figures supported by wooden framing, standing at an average height of 125cm. Despite their simplistic construction, all SCP-9557 instances are capable of autonomous movement, speech and complex social behavior akin to advanced pack-animals.

SCP-9557 instances were initially discovered occupying an abandoned packaging warehouse in Hamilton, New Zealand, following an investigation into local rumors regarding the location being possibly haunted. Upon discovery, Foundation Agents found SCP-9557 instances to be highly compliant with verbal requests, with select instances attempting to imitate the behavior of the field team, albeit to little success. Relocation to Site-454 occurred within approximately nineteen hours. Initial containment efforts determined that SCP-9557 displayed increased behavioral stability when provided with a structured contextual environment and occupational roles.

The material mimicry SCP-9557 possesses allows each instance to adapt their appearance to their current environment. This mimicry appears to work autonomously, without direct input from the SCP-9557 instances themselves. Research conducted into the extent of SCP-9557's mimicry has resulted in the following:

* SCP-9557 instances are capable of mimicking highly complex materials, including radioactive elements.

* SCP-9557 instances prefer to mimic simplistic materials.

* If a specific material is chosen that contains a high density, mobility may become impaired for SCP-9557 instances.

Following initial containment of the instances and relocation to Site-454-CRD, SCP-9557 instances have continuously operated under the belief they are Foundation employees. Individual entities have assumed specialised occupations including researchers, security personnel, janitorial staff and site administration, despite their lack of education on these particular Foundation roles and their purposes. SCP-9557 instances routinely perform simulated administrative tasks, including filing blank paperwork, performing interviews on “fake anomalies” with simplistic English, and initiating containment drills for fabricated containment breaches.

Intelligence level of SCP-9557 instances varies slightly. While most instances display the cognitive ability comparable to young children improvising workplace behavior, specific instances such as SCP-9557-1 and SCP-9557-9 have developed a higher level of intelligence, allowing them to understand higher mathematical concepts such as basic arithmetic understanding and procedural planning. SCP-9557 instances do not appear to be aware of their anomalous nature nor the fact Site-454-CRD is artificially constructed and the “anomalies” they are instructed to contain are non-anomalous cardboard props. 

= **SCP-9557 Personnel Roster**

---

**Overview:** Each SCP-9557 instance has been designated a number to assist with keeping track of individual instances; they have also assigned themselves roles within the facility, noted alongside their designation.

---

**SCP-9557-1:** Self-appointed Director of Site-454-CRD. Displays the highest observed leadership capabilities among all instances. Frequently performs routine inspections, reviews of containment procedures assisted by genuine Foundation Researchers, and motivational speeches.

Role: Director of Site-454-CRD

**SCP-9557-2:** Oversees breach response drills and conducts security patrols. Frequents the containment chamber of FA-005 to ensure it is “safety compliant.”

Role: Head of Security

**SCP-9557-3:** Assigned to Fake Anomaly documentation. Most reports are hand drawn in permanent marker, making frequent use of the phrase “MUST CONTAIN.”

Role: Researcher

**SCP-9557-4:** Assists with SCP-9557-3’s work. SCP-9557-4 is most notably fascinated with drawing spirals on documents.

Role: Junior Researcher

**SCP-9557-5:** Tends to SCP-9557 instances requiring stress management. SCP-9557-5 appears to draw caricatures of its patients when taking notes. Appointments are assisted by Site-454's onsite therapist Dr. Joyce Sternum.

Role: Site Therapist

**SCP-9557-6:** Site Patrol Officer. SCP-9557-6's typical patrol location is Site-454-CRD's cafeteria. Following Incident 9557-A, SCP-9557-6 has been assigned to monthly appointments with SCP-9557-5 to assist with its stress and paranoia.

Role: Patrol Security Officer

**SCP-9557-7:** In charge of cleaning Site-454-CRD. As liquid is prohibited from entering Site-454-CRD, -7 cleans the site by piling paper and cardboard waste into a corner for Foundation Staff to properly dispose of.

Role: Janitor

**SCP-9557-8:** Containment Officer for FA-001. SCP-9557-8 frequently submits requests to remove the lights from Site-454-CRD, these requests have been denied.

Role: Containment Security Officer

**SCP-9557-9:** Displays unusually advanced cognitive development. Frequently assists SCP-9557-1 with containment revisions and studies on the “Fake Anomalies.”

Role: Senior Researcher

**SCP-9557-10:** Assigned as a Containment Officer for FA-002. SCP-9557-10 appears to suffer from Developmental Topographical Disorientation, often finding itself lost within Site-454-CRD.

Role: Containment Security Officer

**SCP-9557-11:** Patrol Officer for the West Wing of Site-454-CRD. SCP-9557-11 never has the correct identification on its person.

Role: Patrol Security Officer

**SCP-9557-12:** Patrol Officer for Site-454-CRD. Preferred location of patrol is the reception of Site-454-CRD, often interacting with SCP-9557-16.

Role: Patrol Security Officer

**SCP-9557-13:** Doorman for FA-004. Appears to take its role overly seriously, much to the mockery of SCP-9557-14. 

Role: Containment Security Officer

**SCP-9557-14:** Doorman for FA-004. Does not take its role seriously, often mocking SCP-9557-13's commitment to its role. SCP-9557-14 often plays pranks on other SCP-9557 instances and appears to be the youngest of SCP-9557.

Role: Containment Security Officer

**SCP-9557-15:** Keeps watch over FA-003. SCP-9557-15 is deaf and communicates through writing. Often sits in FA-003's containment unit staring at the anomaly.

Role: Containment Security Officer

**SCP-9557-16:** Handles greeting Foundation Personnel and often requests identification from individuals it does not appear to recognise. This instance is yet to successfully identify a forged ID badge.

Role: Receptionist

---

**Incident Log | 2010/01/19 | 9557-A**

On 2010/01/19, Junior Researcher Anwir mistakenly referred to Site-454-CRD as the “cardboard site” within audible distance of SCP-9557-6. Following this statement, SCP-9557-6 entered a state of panic, initiating an unsanctioned “internal investigation” into potential disinformation within Site-454-CRD. Researchers believe this behavior originated from stress caused by a minor identity crisis.

Approximately sixteen minutes later, SCP-9557-6 detained a standard cardboard chair located within the east office wing of Site-454-CRD, identifying it as the suspected source of disinformation. SCP-9557-6 conducted a full interrogation before being convinced by Foundation personnel the chair was innocent. SCP-9557-1 requested for the chair to be removed from the premises and amnesticised for “knowing too much.” Foundation personnel removed the cardboard chair from Site-454-CRD, to be reused in future furnishing requests by Site-454-CRD.

Following Incident 9557-A, personnel are reminded to avoid discussing the artificial nature of Site-454-CRD within audible range of SCP-9557 instances.

**Incident Log | 2011/06/05 | 9557-B**

On 2011/06/05, multiple SCP-9557 instances submitted formal requests to Foundation personnel seeking authorization to contain anomalies within Site-454-CRD itself. The instances believed themselves capable of performing containment procedures to acceptable “Foundation standards” and promoted their capability to conduct independent research on said anomalies. 

Following a review of possible enrichment stimuli for SCP-9557, Foundation personnel introduced the instances to a cardboard replica of SCP-████, presenting it as FA-001 to SCP-9557. Special containment procedures for SCP-████ were initially provided to  SCP-9557, however researchers observed the instances were unable to accurately comprehend the instructions provided by the document.

A meeting was held between Dr. K Parker and SCP-9557-1, during which the containment procedures were reviewed and rewritten in a format SCP-9557 instances were capable of understanding. Following the implementation of the revised procedures, SCP-9557 were able to perform unorthodox yet effective interpretations of the provided procedures.

---

= **Fake Anomalies**

---

**Overview:** Following containment procedures, SCP-9557 are routinely provided with fake anomalies for containment and observation purposes to further reinforce the illusion that they are Foundation Staff. A list of the anomalies (designated FA-X) and the pre-existing anomalies they are derived from has been provided below.

---

**FA-001:** A cardboard cone. Containment Procedures instruct Foundation staff to keep illumination levels low to prevent spontaneous combustion.

**Derived from:** SCP-████ - A Christmas tree capable of spontaneous combustion when exposed to excessive illumination.

**FA-002:** A cardboard chair. Containment Procedures instruct Foundation staff to glue the legs of the chair to the ground to prevent it from flying away.

**Derived from:** SCP-████ - A chair capable of negating its own gravitational pull, allowing it to rapidly ascend unless physically restrained.

**FA-003:** A cardboard radio. Containment Procedures instruct Foundation staff to soundproof its containment unit.

**Derived from:** SCP-████ - A radio that plays the last words of the listeners' loved ones, even if the individual has not passed yet.

**FA-004:** A cardboard person. Containment Procedures instruct Foundation staff to routinely clean the containment chamber and replace the duct tape wrapped around the fake anomaly’s hands.

**Derived from:** SCP-████ - A humanoid anomaly containing an unknown pathogen emitting from its hands, spread through physical touch.

**FA-005:** A translucent plastic cat. Containment Procedures instruct Foundation staff to perform routine checks of the containment unit. If in the case personnel cannot visually locate the anomaly, they are to perform loud vocalisations until the anomaly is located.

**Derived from:** SCP-██28█ - A mammalian predator capable of making itself completely transparent to those affected by its vocal calls. A counter song is played to interrupt its anomalous effects and disorient the entity.

---

**Incident Log | 2015/09/24 | 9557-C**

On 2015/09/24 - 04:38, Site-454 experienced a temporary electrical fault, causing power to cease routing toward Sub-Levels 10, 11 and 12 for approximately 30 minutes. During this time, SCP-██28█ was able to breach containment. As SCP-██28█'s containment chamber is located on Sub-Level 11, the entity seemingly wandered aimlessly before accidentally entering Sub-Level 12 and Site-454-CRD.

Upon discovery that SCP-██28█ had entered Site-454-CRD, SCP-9557 identified the entity as FA-005. Following standard procedures, the SCP-9557 instances that made up Site-454-CRD’s security personnel surrounded SCP-██28█ with makeshift cardboard batons and shields. SCP-9557 proceeded to vocalise loudly and generate noise by striking their batons against their shields. 

This collective generated noise proved sufficient to partially negate SCP-██28█’s anomalous effects and disorient the anomaly. SCP-9557 instances were subsequently able to partially restrain the anomaly using duct tape and kept SCP-██28█ occupied long enough for Site-454’s rapid containment unit to arrive and recontain SCP-██28█.

Following Incident 9557-C, a proposal to allow new protocols to be initially tested on SCP-9557 was reviewed by Site Command. After three rounds of policy revision and negotiations conducted between Dr. K Parker and SCP-9557-1, Site Command formally approved the usage of SCP-9557 in “Fool Proofing” new site security and containment protocols.

<< [SCP-9556](SCP-9556) | SCP-9557 | [SCP-9558](SCP-9558) >>

[> **Filename:SCP-9557-1.png** 

> **Name:** packing up

> **Author:** Joanna Bourne

> **License:** CC BY 2.0.

> **Source Link:https://www.flickr.com/photos/66992990@N00/6532911971**]
