====

=====

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains detailed depictions of murder.

**Item #:** SCP-9992

**Object Class:** Presumed Neutralized (formerly Keter)

**Special Containment Procedures (Archived 19/06/2008):**

SCP-9992 is to be contained within a 2 x 3 x 1.5 meter containment chamber constructed of 15 cm^^2^^ steel plates, separated by thin steel rods with diameters of no greater than 0.5 cm. The legs and torso are to be restrained by metal clamps, while the arms are to be held in a T-pose, with the appendages placed outside the chamber.

The chamber is to be submerged within a large, isolated body of water within ~~Site-109~~ Site-221, through which a constant convective current is to be maintained. SCP-9992's appendages will be exposed to the current at the water's surface, which shall remain fixed at ≥1.7 knots towards the outer wall. This speed will force the appendages outward and away from nearby solid surfaces.

All surfaces related to the containment apparatus are to be continuously monitored for any breaks or fissures. In the event of SCP-9992 breaching containment, response forces are to first immobilize the entity's appendages with a standard-issue taser or equivalent energy device before incapacitating it and returning it to the apparatus.Note that electric discharge only nullifies the subject's appendages. It remains completely unharmed otherwise.

*Additional Order, effective 19/11/2002: SCP-9992 has been relocated from Site-109 to Site-221. The above containment procedures will remain unchanged. Recommending stationing of personnel at town of  ███████ █████████, Wyoming. - General [REDACTED]* (rescinded 19/06/2008)

**Description:**

SCP-9992 was a 2.1 meter tall humanoid entity consisting primarily of vacuous sacks of human and animal tissue connected via long surgical sutures (stitches). It possessed a disproportionately large head and elongated arms, as well as thin, tendril-like appendages composed of neural fiber wrapped around muscle sinew in place of hands. It did not have eyes or a nose, with the majority of its facial region consisting of a large semicircular orifice, likely meant to resemble an exaggerated human smile.

SCP-9992 displayed no characteristics of any other anatomical constructs within itself: it did not have teeth, a tongue, or a uvula, wounds inflicted on the subject did not produce any liquids that may substitute for blood, and limited analysis of the facial orifice showed that it was not connected to the SCP's biological interior. Despite this, SCP-9992 routinely displayed superhuman capacities in strength, speed, and endurance, as well as above-average intelligence. SCP-9992 did not require food or water, though it did still "breathe", in that it produced audible inhales and exhales, while the exterior tissue sacks inflated and deflated in synchronicity to its "breaths". It was also capable of producing short, animalistic vocalizations.

SCP-9992 exhibited extreme hostility to all forms of animal life within its presence, especially towards humans. When attacking, it would utilize its appendages to latch onto nearby solid surfaces, with sutures emerging onto the surface from the point of contact. Stitches produced by this method were capable of independently traversing any solid surface they were on, as well as crossing between surfaces in physical contact with one another. The areas of their traversal would undergo rapid transformation into biomass, with clusters of body tissue and nerve cells forming underneath the surface and emerging through the ruptures left by the stitches.

The sutures would travel towards the location of SCP-9992's targets and travel onto their skin, upon which they would terminate/immobilize them by stitching and/or rupturing various parts of their bodies.Sutures could enter the victims' insides via the esophagus or posterior cavity. Due to the means of attacking, SCP-9992 typically operated at a distance from its targets, allowing it to remain undetected. [REDACTED] with the victims' DNA found incorporated into SCP-9992's skin tissue, though absences of their organs remain unexplained. If not being pursued, SCP-9992 will gather all bodies into a single room and observe them for an extended period of timeWhen this happens, the subject's breathing became slow and labored..

When not active, SCP-9992 was completely idle. It showed no discomfort to being restricted in its containment apparatus and was wholly at rest. Given its total lack of need for sustenance, it is unknown why it continually pursued humans and animals. After a successful hunt, SCP-9992 would be even more relaxed in its chamber for the following days, with some notable exceptions.

Between its containment on 29/03/1982 and its disappearance 23 years later, SCP-9992 breached containment ██ times, with a total of ██ non-D-Class casualties. It was last seen in the wooded region north of ███████ █████████, Wyoming, USA, where it was in the presence of another anomaly. (see Addendum 2)

---

**Addendum 1 - Truncated Log of Incidents:**

**27/03/1982:** Discovery of SCP-9992. Various human and animal corpses were found lining the roads of █████████, Montana. In all cases, the victims died from severe internal hemorrhaging, caused by the rupturing of several vital organs. The Foundation also received reports of flesh emerging from the town's road and sidewalks. Analysis found the epicenter of these events to be an abandoned farmhouse within the ██████ plains; a strike force was quickly sent to the location, wherein they found several additional bodiesLater identified as relating to missing persons cases going as far back as 1965., as well as SCP-9992 in the basement. █ of the personnel were terminated before a prototype electric rifle was able to neutralize its appendages, after which it was restrained and transported to Site-██.

**18/04/1982:** Containment breach #1, caused by ineffective containment procedures. After three hours, a caravan of five was recovered in the ditch next to ██████ Road, Wyoming, with all tires pierced and the air within replaced by biomass. SCP-9992 was located in the back along with the bodies of the victims; it was incapacitated in a manner similar to initial containment and returned to Site-██. A greater understanding of SCP-9992's methodology was achieved; containment policy modified.

**30/05/1983:** Containment breach #3, caused by inadequate containment procedures. After thirteen hours, SCP-9992 was relocated in the city of ████, Idaho, on the upper floors of an office complex. Since it was nighttime, only security officers had remained in the building; based on the trajectory of the tears in the construction material, SCP-9992 was presumed to have dispatched all of the officers from the ground floor, with the sutures travelling up the complex via stair, elevator shafts, and the outer walls. SCP-9992 was incapacitated via standard procedure and airlifted back to Site-██, while the building was demolished due to the extensive damage it had taken. Containment policy modified.

**17/11/1987:** Containment breach #██, caused by insufficient containment procedures. After twenty-seven hours, a patrol in ███████ █████████, WyomingHereafter referred to as Town A., received a distress signal from the nearby town of ████████, regarding an unknown home intruder. The call was redirected to the Foundation after the caller's description of the assailant was found to match SCP-9992. By the time a unit from MTFMobile Task Force Epsilon-6 ("Village Idiots") was able to reach ████████, all houses in the community were found to be deserted. The bodies of the citizenry were discovered at the community square, arranged in orderly rows, along with SCP-9992, which was recontained without further trouble. An after-incident investigation found multiple sutures of varying lengths within the majority of the town's structures, resulting in said structures becoming filled with esoteric biomass. It is believed that SCP-9992 initially coerced the residents to exit their houses by leaving large gashes on their property, before strategically blocking pathways with biomass to route them towards the central square. When all had gathered there, it was able to terminate the group in quick succession.

SCP-9992's intelligence capacity was recognized; containment policy modified into its current form. Due to the resource demands, containment duty was transferred from Site-██ to Site-109.

**02/12/1987:** Containment breach #██, caused by unknown disruption in Site-109's electrical system. No known casualties; SCP-9992 was relocated in the forest to Town A's north, by personnel originally tasked to the cleanup of the former incident. When found, it was standing completely immobile. The trees in the immediate area were found to have various sutures on them, but smaller in size and at a reduced quantity to usual.Unverified reports also described "bright, blue-ish particulate" floating in the nearby air.

After several seconds, SCP-9992 turned and lunged towards the surrounding agents. It was quickly immobilized by standard issue flash grenades and returned to Site-109. Over the next few days, containment overseers note an uncharacteristic degree of distress within its breathing pattern.

**04/09/1993:** Containment breach #██, caused by attempted incursion by Chaos Insurgency forces. SCP-9992 was relocated in ██████, Montana, having terminated two homeless persons by rupturing their lungs. It was incapacitated without incident and returned to Site-109. Torn parts of the sidewalk were replaced.

**22/07/1998:** Containment breach #██, caused by internal sabotage from turncoat personnel. SCP-9992 was relocated in █████ ███ ███████, Montana, having chased various hikers and woodland animals onto a stone cliff via its sutures and preventing them from leaving. It was incapacitated without incident and returned to Site-109; of its targets, two humans and 18 animals had died of thirst or starvation, while the rest made a full recovery.

**12/08/2002:** Containment breach #██, caused by earthquake. After sixty-two hours, SCP-9992 was relocated in ██████ ████, Oregon. Greatest recorded death toll of all known incidents, with over ██ identified victims. SCP-9992 had attacked three suburban communities, one for every night it was uncontained, targeting multiple families in rapid succession. Sutures were used to stitch victims to the furniture in their houses and seal their mouths and nostrils, leading to prolonged death by asphyxiation. SCP-9992 had also caused massive property damage in the surrounding area, specifically targeting the municipality's police department by severing their firearms and puncturing the tires of their cars.

Given the scale of the event, the Foundation authorized the evacuation of the region, alongside partial mobilization of MTF Xi-13 ("Sequere Nos"), aided by aerial units from MTF Delta-45 ("Rolling Thunder"). They were able to track SCP-9992 to a heavily damaged section of ██████ Road, surrounding by ruptured cars.

Although the MTFs initially expected some form of trap similar to the 17/11/1987 incident, SCP-9992 instead attempted to attack all units directly, hastily manifesting dozens of sutures and sending them out omnidirectionally. This appeared to have caused significant stain to it, as the sutures were far more scattershot and unstable than normal, though they still caused extensive lacerations to the environment. Only two ground troops were terminated, while the rest retreated. 

One of the helicopters fired an AGM-65 Maverick missile towards SCP-9992, which responded by attempting extend its appendages and sever the missile at the instant before impact. While it was successful, the resultant midair explosion blew SCP-9992 backwards several yards, giving ground units an opening to immobilize and secure the entity. It struggled significantly more than in previous recontainment operations, but was still successfully returned to Site-109.

In the aftermath, the entirety of the municipality needed to be rebuilt before residents could be amnestized and sent back. SCP-9992 was silent and motionless for over a month.

**14/09/2002:** Witnesses reported a series of unidentified noises coming from the woods surrounding Town A, most commonly likened to the shuffling of footsteps and a low klaxon siren. SCP-9992 suddenly began roaring and violently thrashing in its chamber. In light of the events of 02/12/1987, SCP-9992 was transferred to Site-221, and three plainclothes personnel were stationed in Town A.

**07/01/2003:** At 22:19, staff in close proximity to SCP-9992's containment chamber developed sudden piercing migraines, which subsided after a few seconds. A follow-up investigation yielded no leads.

**Various incidents, 2003 - 2005:** SCP-9992 would occasionally breach containment thanks to various external hazards, usually involving a variety of GoIsGroups of Interest.Site-221 was involved in the containment of several items and persons of high profile in the underground anomalous community. Rather than try to flee the site, SCP-9992 would instead reside in a single room/hallway and terminate any personnel that entered. Surveillance footage showed it behaving erratically, spending the majority of its time curled in a fetal position in one of the corners and taking sharp breaths. Each time, it was recontained without trouble.

**17/06/2005:** An unidentified disruption in Site-221's master computer caused the facility to temporarily undergo emergency lockdown. SCP-9992 was motionless in its chamber and did not react to the alarm. After ten minutes, the disruption was reverted, and the lockdown ceased.

**18/06/2005:** See below.

---

**Addendum 2 - Unexplained Disappearance:**

At 23:15 hours on June 18th, 2005, several unidentified physical abnormalities manifested throughout Site-221's electrical, security, surveillance and general support systems, causing major disruptions. As a result, all surveillance of the site's interior was lost. Curiously, the disruptions appeared to have been concentrated around SCP-9992's containment unit; the water current restraining its appendages was halted, while the exterior hatch was forced open.

A security team was quickly sent to the containment unit, only for it to be found empty. No sutures were visible anywhere within the chamber.

Exterior security cameras remained active, with one spotting SCP-9992 outside of one of Site-221's back doors at 23:24 hours. It appeared unusually hesitant, standing completely still while facing towards the surrounding woods. Exterior microphones picked up slow, heavy breathing, barely audible over the wind. It made no attempt to run away.

After several seconds, SCP-9992's breathing grew quiet, replaced by a soft groaning noise akin to a human whimper. It began shaking its head and backing away from the trees, whereupon the camera feed artifacted heavily before having its vision obscured by an unknown object. When the security team finally reached the back doors, SCP-9992 was nowhere to be seen.

The agents stationed at Town A were ordered to investigate the northern forest immediately, being assisted by an emergency dispatch sent from Site-109. The unit entered the forest at 23:50 and began progressing towards the location where SCP-9992 was originally found back on December 2nd, 1987. They reached there at 23:58 but were still unable to find the entity, and so made their way further into the forest.

At 00:09 the following day, personnel reported back to Site-109 that they had found multiple trees uprooted by an unknown force. Following the trail created by the fallen trees, they began noticing increasing damage to the surrounding area, and more importantly, an increasing number of sutures in the soil and tree bark. While initially seeming to be haphazard, one agent noted that some of the sutures formed legible words: the phrase "HELP", repeatedly etched into the environment.

The personnel eventually stumbled into a sizeable clearing within an unexplored region of the forest. The ground was powdered with blue particulate and laden with overlapping sutures, around which the soil had been pulled up. Within some of the fissures were loose appendages that were seemingly ripped from SCP-9992, which still had not been found. None of the appendages retained their original anomalous properties, and the sinew had rotted while the neural endings had been fried. Based on the circumstances, it is believed that SCP-9992 attempted to anchor itself in the ground to resist some sort of anomalous pulling force; however, it proved to be too powerful, and the entity eventually lost its grip.

While the investigation continued, no other traces of SCP-9992 could be found. The recovered appendages and biomass were stored in a standard containment locker at Site-221. Site-109 would continue to conduct routine patrols of Town A and the forest, but no further discoveries were made.

After three years of no activity, SCP-9992 was declared "Presumed Neutralized", and its containment procedures were discontinued.

The current whereabouts of SCP-9992 remain unknown.

@@@@ 

@@@@

@@@@ 

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@ 

@@@@

@@@@ 

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

<details>
<summary>Please input your credentials...</summary>

On February 15th, 2023, new leads on the SCP-9992 case were discovered in the Bezirk Gmuden district of Upper Austria.

**Operation: SNOW PEAK**

**Incident Report**

---

*Foreword: Operation SNOW PEAK was a Foundation-GOC military response to an accumulation of hostile Persons of Interest (PoIs) throughout the Gmuden district. This organization consisted of exiles and runaways from throughout the global anomalous community, commanded by a nebulous leadership council. Recruitment was encouraged by allowing for all types of persons to become members, regardless of past actions, intentions, or diplomatic concerns. Based on intercepted communications, the organization had been preparing to attack several containment facilities and public government offices across Austria.*

By the morning of February 15th, military squads had already dealt with the organization's urban shelters, and were now attacking strongholds secluded within the Northern Limestone Alps. One of these was located on Hoher Dachstein (see image) and was occupied by various highly powerful practitioners of thaumaturgy, as well as many of the organization's high-ranking members, who had retreated to the stronghold's inner bunker.

Prior aerial reconnaissance had identified an aboveground structure several miles away from the stronghold's main body. While most of the Foundation-GOC forces engaged the thaumaturgists, a small task force was sent to inspect and clear out the place. However, during their approach, they noted that the area appeared to be completely abandoned, while the reconnaissance images had shown it to be active only a few days before.

Upon their arrival, they found that the shelter had been almost completely destroyed. A giant blast crater was in its place, as the structure's upper floors had collapsed into the basement. A brief investigation into the ruins revealed a blockage of biomass within the basement's boiler unit. It likely created a buildup of pressure within the unit, resulting in a massive explosion that burned the majority of the interior and obliterated the establishment's support framework.

The only area unaffected was the garage due to being located even further away. Inside, it was found that all of the snow vehicles' tires had been punctured, with flesh and neurons spilling from the holes. The bodies of eleven people were discovered laid next to the garage's far wall, with their clothing and possessions having been removed. Based on the wounds the victims had, they had apparently been subject to extended torture prior to death. In all cases, cause of death was determined to be severe internal hemorrhaging, caused by the rupturing of several vital organs.

News of the findings alerted Site-109, which demanded photographs of the scene. Cross-comparison between the supplied materials and their on-site case reports confirmed their suspicions: the shape and contents of the tears was a dead giveaway for SCP-9992.

Concerns were quickly raised by both the site's senior staff and the personnel in command of SNOW PEAK. While the physical evidence had a strong link to SCP-9992, the attack methodology was distinctly unlike its pre-disappearance *modus operandi*. None of the victims had had their skin or organs tampered with post-mortem, and it was not clear why SCP-9992 would target these individuals specifically when easier targets were available in the region. There was also the fact that the incident had occurred over 8,000 kilometers away from where SCP-9992 disappeared.

Operation overseers quickly organized a small dispatch of MTF Delta-4 ("Minutemen") to see if they could locate SCP-9992 nearby. By late afternoon, they had made their way to the town of Hallstatt.

**<BEGIN LOG>**

*[The unit is in a section of Hallstatt that has been evacuated as part of SNOW PEAK. C-2 and C-5 are stationed on top of a watchtower, with C-2 observing the streets with a telescope. C-1, C-3 and C-4 are hidden in an alleyway, awaiting further orders. All are wearing white camouflage gear. C-3 has a large snow shovel.]*

**C-5:** Are we absolutely sure it can't be anywhere else?

**C-2:** This is where it'd most likely retreat, if it really is smart. This place has been empty for days now, it's basically what every budding assassin dreams of.

**C-5:** Yeah, but there's dozens of places around that've been evacuated. Why here?

**C-3:** It's close, it has tons of nooks and crannies, and it's by far the largest area we had to clear out. It's a no-brainer.

**C-5:** How do we even know it's SCP-9992? Couldn't it just be some wannabe-

**C-1:** Quiet on the comms. Four needs to keep her ears sharp.

*[Silence. C-2 continues scouting.]*

*[After a while, C-3 sighs.]*

**C-3:** (quietly) We need to be careful. We don't know what's its been up to these last fifteen-

**C-4:** I hear something.

*[All members stand upright. C-2 steadies the telescope.]*

**C-2:** Where?

**C-4:** My left.

**C-2:** What direction are you facing?

**C-4:** South. It came from one of the staircases behind us.

*[C-2 turns the telescope to the east. He navigates the area for a bit before focusing on a staircase extending from behind a cafe. He zooms in.]*

**C-4:** It's getting closer.

*[Silence. After several seconds, a silhouette is seen emerging from behind the cafe.]*

*[C-2 gasps slightly. C-5 rushes to the balcony and cups her hands over her eyes.]*

**C-5:** Is it-

**C-2:** It's 9992. It's here.

*[The silhouette of SCP-9992 walks forward to the staircase's railing. It appears to inspect the street below for a moment, then continues down the stairs. It steps onto the sidewalk before freezing in place.]*

**C-1:** Talk to me. What is it doing?

**C-5:** It looks like it's... thinking?

**C-2:** It's either walking slowly or standing still. I don't understand... it's not behaving at all like normal. Wait, hold on, there's more...

**C-3:** Is it not 9992?

**C-2:** I'm certain it is, I can see the sacks puffing up and down. But... uh, I'm not sure, it looks like it's wearing something? I can't see clearly from here, but there's definitely something off physically.

*[SCP-9992 remains unmoving. It appears to be shivering slightly. After a moment, it shakes its head and crosses onto the street.]*

**C-2:** It went onto the road!

**C-1:** That's our cue. Come down. (to C-4 and C-3) We're moving in. Three, make sure you have that shovel ready. I don't want a single stitch sneaking its way underneath the snow.

*[C-4 and C-3 nod. C-3 steps out and quickly shovels off a strip of snow, which C-1 and C-4 take offensive position on. C-1 discreetly positions her hand next to the firearm on her belt.]*

**C-1:** (to SCP-9992) Stay there!

*[SCP-9992 freezes in place, startled. Shaking, it turns to face the two. The facial orifice has dramatically shifted from before, now resembling an exaggerated human frown.]*

*[It does not move to attack.]*

*[C-3 takes position between C-1 and C-4 and drops her shovel.]*

**C-3:** Huh? W-what is this?

*[Now with a clear view of SCP-9992, it is obvious it has undergone major body modifications. Deep gashes are present across its skin. Unidentified devices with sleek white shells have been organically fused to SCP-9992's legs, feet, neck and abdomen. Its arms and appendages are encased in a tube-like apparatus, with only the tips of the appendages exposed. Its head has been equipped with a large metal fixture, with screws driven into the sides.]*

*[All of these are placed on top of a black, skin-tight polyester suit that covers SCP-9992's torso and legs. Parts of the suit are freshly stained with blood. On the top-right of its chest is an unidentified emblem, consisting of a diamond placed between two arrows to its bottom, and one on its top.]*

*[SCP-9992 still does not attack. Its arms continue to shake.]*

**C-3:** Are those scars supposed to be there? What's going on?

**C-1:** It's been over a decade. Something's clearly happened to it.

**C-4:** It doesn't have ears, but it still reacted to what you said, One.

**C-1:** Maybe that headgear's got something to do with that.

**C-3:** We have tranq darts. Do you think they'll work?

**C-1:** We have orders, to not attempt containment by ourselves. Besides, everything about this is off. We have no idea what those gadgets on its body do. I'm not taking any-

**C-4:** It's moving.

*[C-1, C-3, C-4 quietly ready their firearms, but do not aim at SCP-9992. SCP-9992 has begun slowly backing away while holding its arms in front of it and waving them in a "stay back" gesture. Its breathing quickens.]*

*[C-2 and C-5 exit from the bottom of the watchtower and block the other end of the street, cornering SCP-9992.]*

**C-5:** Oh shit!

**C-2:** Are you three okay?

**C-1:** It hasn't made any movements to attack us. If I were to give my personal estimation... it looks afraid.

*[SCP-9992 spots C-2 and C-5 and stumbles back in surprise. It trips into the snow.]*

**C-3:** Wasn't this one of our worst Keters back in the day? I know we've got reality anchors now, but it should still be able to put up a fight, yeah?

**C-1:** Meaning there's something else holding it back.

*[SCP-9992 stands back up. It draws its feet apart and glances between the members on both sides of the road.]*

**C-1:** (to SCP-9992) Don't move. Our firepower is significantly greater than the last time you faced us.

**C-5:** (to SCP-9992) Hey... are you afraid of something?

**C-3:** (to C-5, quietly) Careful, Five.

**C-2:** (to SCP-9992) We can take you back to safe grounds. I'm not sure what those devices you have on you are, but our experimental R&D should be able to get them off.

*[SCP-9992 is still. Its breath is quivering.]*

**C-2:** You can understand us, can't you? Please, just come with us. We don't have to make things harder than they need to-

*[SCP-9992 suddenly bolts into an alleyway. The unit rushes to the alley's entrance.]*

**C-3:** Shit, it really is fucking fast!

**C-1:** Five, Four, stay here. Everyone else, with me!

*[The rest reply affirmatively. C-1, C-2 and C-3 begin pursing SCP-9992, weaving in and out of multiple alleyways and back roads. Along the way, they have to avoid various road hazards, such as rocks, cars, and stray pieces of woods. The narrow pathways slow down the team to a minor extent.]*

*[One of the alleyways leads out of Hallstatt, and the team emerges onto the slope of a hill. Footsteps can be seen in the snow, which they hurriedly follow. The footsteps lead into a forest. Multiple trees along the path have been severed by sutures, forcing the team to navigate around the fallen timber.]*

*[Upon emerging from the other side of the forest, the team finds themselves being targeted by concentrated blasts of plasmatic energy from the other side of a steep snow field. The silhouette of SCP-9992 is visible in the distance, with its arm aimed towards its pursuers. Two of the blasts pierce C-1's upper arm and leg, causing her to curse and drop into the snow. She tumbles a few feet down the slope.]*

*[C-2 and C-3 rush over to assist C-1 when the firing suddenly ceases. C-2 and C-3 look back across the field. SCP-9992 had fled over the horizon.]*

**C-3:** S-Shit! When the fuck did it learn to do that!?

**C-2:** Take One's walkie and call for reinforcements. There should be an old cabin in that direc-

*[A sonic boom can be heard in the distance, and a massive gust of air kicks up snow and knocks C-2 and C-3 down. They look up to see a parting form in the clouds, from which a small white object descends and strikes the ground past the horizon. As the loud flurries of wind buffet the unit and nearby trees with snow, a synthetic female voice is audible from deep within the now-shrouded field.]*

**???:** EMERGENCY TRANSPORT DEVICE ACTIVATED. DEMERIT MARKED ON REHABILITATION RECORD FOR E-123.

*[A bright flash of blue light illuminates the vicinity. C-1, C-2 and C-3 shield their eyes with their arms. After a moment, the light recedes, and the winds calm down. C-1, C-2 and C-3 look again to see that the cloud parting has disappeared. Blue colored particles can be seen floating through the air.]*

*[C-2's eyes widen.]*

**C-2:** Blue... particulate?

*[After some silence, C-3 drags herself over to where C-1 is laying and picks up the handheld receiver. She brings it close to C-1's mouth.]*

**C-1:** (raspy) Send reinforcements... send them now.

**<END LOG>**

A rescue helicopter came soon after to transport the team to the nearest hospital. When reinforcement forces arrived, they sent remote operated drones to scout the area in the snow field where SCP-9992 was last spotted. Much of the snow there had sublimated, leaving behind another crater. The local physical reality and space-time had undergone a massive distortion consistent with the spontaneous formation of a [Class-A "Relativistic Integrity" Wormhole](classifications-guides-and-icons-by-billith). SCP-9992 could not be located.

If the white object that fell from the cloud partition did in fact create a Class-A Wormhole, it would have to originate from a civilization at a level of technological advancement far exceeding that of the modern Foundation.

At the bottom of the snow crater was an envelope, addressed to the Foundation by one "EMG Conglomerate". It contained a single letter, the contents of which have been reproduced below.

To the Foundation:

We would like to apologize for the incident earlier today, particularly for the injuries sustained by Ms. ███████ ███████ *(name redacted by the Foundation)*. Worker E-123 has been appropriately disciplined and will be demoted to Hangar-5 living conditions for the next three years (by your calendar). We have also modified its psychological augmentations to prevent it from causing further unnecessary injury. In the future, we will be taking caution to not send rehabilitation program workers back to their universes of origin.

We understand that E-123's sudden return may have been surprising to you. It was clear to those of us observing your reality that E-123's consistent aggression and unique attack pattern placed a significant strain on your organization, so we took it upon ourselves to curb its violent streak. This necessity became most evident following the incident of your 17/11/1987. We issued a warning to it soon after, that it was to correct its behavior immediately or face consequences. This should explain the lack of significant casualties suffered between your 1988 and 2001.

However, E-123 again exceeded our limit of tolerability on your 12/08/2002. A most disappointing outcome; we had wished the entity would not require forced correction. The Rehabilitation Inductee Initiative (RII) has taken E-123 under its employ for the foreseeable future, and with significant effort we have managed to align it towards more heroic directives. Despite this, some anxiety remains embedded within its personality, resulting in unauthorized conduct during solo missions such as the one you bore witness to.

We also understand that it is in the nature of your organization to show excessive worry regarding escaped anomalies. Rest assured, RII has worked with many troubled entities, and E-123 is not special in this regard. It shall benefit more people in the future than it has harmed in its past; we will make sure of that.

There is no need for concern regarding the condition of E-123: RII has been ratified by our internal ethics board as an exceptional second-chance opportunity for hostile individuals. Any augmentations you may have seen on E-123 are for purely beneficial purposes.

There is no need for concern regarding the condition of the persons you found in the garage: Some of our engineers had defected with several internal documents, citing "moral concerns". It was necessary to limit the damage they could have done. We are sure you understand.

There is no *need* for concern regarding any paperwork: We have already taken the liberty of procuring the materials we need from you.

There is no *need* for concern regarding our former opacity on E-123's recruitment: It was in your best interest to not get involved with events outside of your purview.

This is all that needs to be said. There is no reason to contact us or E-123 again. *You may discontinue your containment efforts permanently.*

We thank you in advance for your cooperation.

With Respect,

*Patricia Bromden*

*Advanced Discipline and Interrogation Supervisor, Mental Reconfiguration Expert*

*EMG Conglomerate*

On the back of the envelope was an emblem, the same one from SCP-9992's torso.

Site-109 ordered a thorough re-examination of the 02/12/1987, 12/08/2002, and 18/06/2005 incidents. They found multiple inconsistencies; for example, from the 1987 incidents, flash grenades should not have worked on SCP-9992, given that it did not have eyes. Moreover, while not well understood at the time, it is now known that the physical disruptions from the 2005 incident were in fact also consistent with the formation of Class-A wormholes.

By decree of the O4 Council, the "EMG Conglomerate" has been designated a Level 5 (VARMT) hostile Group of Interest. Should the contents of the letter be believed, the RII initiative is capable of abducting any person from across the world, at any time. Compared to the potential scale of the implied threat, the benefits of letting SCP-9992 continue to be contained by the RII have been deemed insignificant. Operatives from this organization are to be treated as potential existential hazards and must be approached with great caution.

Both the Hallstatt snow field and the clearing north of Town A have been placed under indefinite quarantine. Members of the Gmuden organization in custody are being questioned for information about the alleged defectors. Reclassification of SCP-9992's object class remains under debate.

</details>

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-9991](SCP-9991) | SCP-9992 | [SCP-9993](SCP-9993) >>

====

> **Filename:** Incident_Photo.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/9992contestdreadnoughtgalaxy)

> **Derivative Of:**

> ----

> **Name:** File:VIEW OF UPSTAIRS OFFICE, VACANT EXCEPT FOR RADIATORS. DARK CEILING, LIGHT GREY WALLS - Atlantic Coastline Railroad Freight Warehouse, 1 Ninth Street, Augusta, Richmond County, GA HABS GA-2377-8.tif

> **Author:** Robert L. Gardner

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:VIEW_OF_UPSTAIRS_OFFICE,_VACANT_EXCEPT_FOR_RADIATORS._DARK_CEILING,_LIGHT_GREY_WALLS_-_Atlantic_Coastline_Railroad_Freight_Warehouse,_1_Ninth_Street,_Augusta,_Richmond_County,_GA_HABS_GA-2377-8.tif)

> **Filename:** Night-forest.jpg

> **Name:** Forest at Night 3

> **Author:** Sebastian Reinecke

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://flickr.com/photos/rajeanero/4849076214/)

> **Filename:** Hoher_Dachstein_3-2017_05.jpg

> **Author:** Cherubino

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hoher_Dachstein_3-2017_05.jpg)

> **Filename:** Blue_Hallstatt.jpeg

> **Name:** Blue Hallstatt (204466021)

> **Author:** Ioan Sendroiu

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Blue_Hallstatt_(204466021).jpeg)

====
