]

=====

=====

**SCP-9817:** Tom's Diner

**By **

~2.5k words

div.scale {

    ~~woedbar-thaumiel-color: rgb(var(~~accent-color));

    ~~woedbar-lvl6-color: rgb(var(~~accent-color));

    ~~woedbar-lvl5-color: rgb(var(~~accent-color));

    ~~woedbar-lvl4-color: rgb(var(~~accent-color));

    ~~woedbar-lvl3-color: rgb(var(~~accent-color));

    ~~woedbar-lvl2-color: rgb(var(~~accent-color));

    ~~woedbar-lvl1-color: rgb(var(~~accent-color));

}

---

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9817's primary copy is stored on a redundant solid-state RAID array, encrypted by quantum-resistant symmetric block ciphers held in Site-119. There are three backup copies of SCP-9817, each secured on its own, similarly encrypted, M-DISC. One of the three backups is updated monthly, one weekly, and one daily. The backups are spread across three different foundation facilities.

@@ @@

**Description:** SCP-9817 is an anomalous file compression algorithm created with the goal of minimizing the amount of storage space a player’s mindfile takes up in **SIMULACRUM** data centers. This increases the maximum player capacity of SIMULACRUM without allocating additional resources to building data centers.

SCP-9817-α is D-91811, who was used in **Procedure‑TOMSDINER**. D-91811 was chosen for her unique set of qualities.  See Step 1 of Procedure-TOMSDINER 

@@ @@

**Addendum 9817.1 - Procedure‑TOMSDINER:** **Procedure-TOMSDINER** is the procedure used to test and develop SCP-9817 and ensure there is minimal data loss from compression. The steps are as follows:

# A subject who has the following characteristics is to be chosen for testing.

 # A lack of mental disorders.

 # As few uses of amnestics as possible.  The lowest number of uses possible is one, due to all D-Class being amnesticized upon joining the foundation 

# SCP-9817-α is to memorize one stanza from a poem of its choice.

# SCP-9817-α is to be deactivated.

# SCP-9817-α's mindfile is to be duplicated and iterated by the number of active copies (e.g., SCP-9817-α1). For the remainder of the procedure's instructions, the copies are referred to as SCP-9817-α#.

# SCP-9817-α# is to be compressed using the current version of SCP-9817 at the goal compression percentage.

# SCP-9817-α# is to be loaded into a simulation of the diner Tom’s Restaurant, located in Manhattan, New York. The head researcher is to maintain a calm but professional demeanor. They *may* refer to SCP-9817-α# by its name, as well as take other necessary measures to maintain a sense of familiarity and, therefore, comfort in the subject.

# SCP-9817-α# is to undergo a basic sensory exam.

# SCP-9817-α# is to be interviewed by the current head researcher of the SCP-9817 project. During the interview, SCP-9817-α# is to be asked to recite the following information

 # Its name.

 # Its country of origin.

 # The contents of the poem it chose to memorize.

 # Why it is in the ‘diner.’

# The interviewer is to note all responses and any remarkable behavior.

# SCP-9817-α# is to be deactivated and deleted.

# Necessary changes to SCP-9817 are to be made before continuing.

# Steps 3-10 are to be repeated until mindfiles compressed by SCP-9817 have been approved as having minimal data-loss by the director of Site-119.

# SCP-9817 is to begin rolling out by compressing small groups of people at a time. As the roll-out continues, and if there are little-to-no issues found, the speed of roll-out is to gradually increase.

@@ @@

**Addendum 9817.2 – Selection of Logs from Steps 5-7 of Procedure‑TOMSDINER:**

**Subject:** SCP-9817-α1

**Percent of Original File Size:** 41%

**Notes From Sensory Exam:** 

**Interview Log:** N/A

**Researcher's Notes:** The moment SCP-9817-α1’s mindfile was activated, its avatar fell onto the counter. It responded to no external stimuli and lacked any brain function. This is a clear failure. For the next test, I’d recommend attempting a lower compression setting.

@@ @@

**Subject:** SCP-9817-α2

**Percent of Original File Size:** 63%

**Interview Log:** N/A

**Researcher's Notes:** Upon spawning in, SCP-9817-α2 was also unable to move its avatar, as it fell onto the counter. The subject was able to control its eyes, with them following a bright light during testing. Subject responded to no other external stimuli. While this test was still a failure, SCP-9817-α2 appeared to be at least somewhat conscious. Unfortunately, it was still unable to communicate. I’d recommend attempting an even lower compression setting so we can at least ask it the questions.

@@ @@

**Subject:** SCP-9817-α3

**Percent of Original File Size:** 87%

**Interview Log:** 

**Interviewer:** Dr. Harewood

**Interviewee:** SCP-9817-α3

= **<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Harewood:** Hello, I see you're awake. I’m going to ask you a few questions if that’s alright.

**SCP-9817-α3:** Umm.. Sure, I guess…

**Dr. Harewood:** What is your name?

**SCP-9817-α3:** Oh, that’s easy. I’m… um… I can’t remember. Huh, that’s weird, I don’t even know my own name. What’s your name?

**Dr. Harewood:** You can call me Dr. Harewood. Next question: What country were you born in?

**SCP-9817-α3:** It was, um, fuck! I can’t remember that either. Well, based on my accent, I must be from America, right?

**Dr. Harewood:** I see. Do you remember that poem you memorized earlier?

**SCP-9817-α3:** I memorized a poem? No, I don’t remember that either.

**Dr. Harewood:** I have one final question: Why are you here?

**SCP-9817-α3:** I’m not sure, I don’t remember getting here. It looks familiar, though, like I used to come here often. That probably wasn’t the answer you were looking for, but it’s the best I can do right now.

**Dr. Harewood:** Don’t worry about it. That’s actually all I have for now.

**SCP-9817-α3:** Goodbye, then.

**Dr. Harewood:** Goodbye.

= **<End Log>**

**Researcher's Notes:** SCP-9817-α3 appears to be able to have conversations. This is a good stage to be in so early in the development. It appears that its short-term memory is what is most impacted at this stage. Working to fix that should be the current priority. We can focus on compression percentage later.

@@ @@

**Subject:** SCP-9817-α5

**Percent of Original File Size:** 79%

**Interview Log:**

**Interviewer:** Dr. Harewood

**Interviewee:** SCP-9817-α5

= **<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Harewood:** Hello, may I ask you a few questions?

**SCP-9817-α5:** Who are you? I’d like to know before I tell you anything.

**Dr. Harewood:** I’m Dr. Harewood, I’m just doing a survey about different diners’ regulars.

**SCP-9817-α5:** That makes sense. So, what are your questions?

**Dr. Harewood:** Well, the first one should be very simple, what’s your name?

**SCP-9817-α5:** Sure. I’m um… My name is… Gosh, it’s on the tip of my tongue!

**Dr. Harewood:** Take your time.

**SCP-9817-α5:** It’s strange that I have to in the first place. 

**SCP-9817-α5:** I got it! My name’s Hariet! What’s yours?

**Dr. Harewood:** So, you do remember! That’s great! You can call me Dr. Harewood.

**SCP-9817-α5:** Alright, Doc, anything else?

**Dr. Harewood:** Matter-a-fact, yes. I do have a few more questions if you don’t mind.

**SCP-9817-α5:** Not at all.

**Dr. Harewood:** Wonderful. Do you remember where you’re from?

**SCP-9817-α5:** Maybe, I think somewhere in America. Maybe East Coast, but I’m not sure.

**Dr. Harewood:** Alright, this may be a harder question, but can you recall a poem you recently memorized?

**SCP-9817-α5:** Gosh, that’s much more difficult. I think I do remember memorizing something. I can’t remember the poem exactly, but I think it had to do with flowers and being thankful. Sorry, I can’t remember much more.

**Dr. Harewood:** That’s quite all right. I just have one more question. Why are you here?

**SCP-9817-α5:** I come here every day after work. My kids, they’re just so annoying. This place felt like my only escape from life. I didn’t have to be busy with work or kids. It’s always just so much calmer here. So, to answer your question, I’m here so I don’t have to come home.

= **<End Log>**

**Researcher's Notes:** This is already substantially better than the last test. Let’s still stay focused on retaining memories, though.

@@ @@

**Subject:** SCP-9817-α7

**Percent of Original File Size:** 83%

**Interview Log** 

**Interviewer:** Dr. Harewood

**Interviewee:** SCP-9817-α7

= **<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Harewood:** Hello, I see you're awake. Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?

**SCP-9817-α7:** Hello, that’s quite a way to start a conversation. I guess I’m okay with it.

**Dr. Harewood:** That’s great! What is your name?

**SCP-9817-α7:** I’m… um. Give me a second.

**Dr. Harewood:** Sure, take all the time you need.

**SCP-9817-α7:** Hariet! My name is Hariet, um… I can’t remember my last name. That’s strange.

**Dr. Harewood:** That’s perfectly fine. Now, Hariet, do you remember where you are from?

**SCP-9817-α7:** Yeah, I lived in New York most of my life. I think I was born somewhere else, but I can’t remember that either.

**Dr. Harewood:** That’s perfectly fine. Before we woke you up here, we asked you to memorize a poem. Can you try reciting it?

**SCP-9817-α7:** Oh yeah! I did, didn’t I? I think it started like: We walk on pretty fields of white and do not see the flowers; For something that’s common in our sight, then it continues on. I know there’s more. It’s on the tip of my tongue, but I just can’t get it out.

**Dr. Harewood:** Again, it’s alright that you can’t remember everything.

**SCP-9817-α7:** Right, I’ll try to *remember* that.

**Dr. Harewood:** I see what you did there! I only have one last question.

**SCP-9817-α7:** Bring it on!

**Dr. Harewood:** Why are you here?

**SCP-9817-α7:** You brought me here, I think. I agreed to answer your questions, and in return, I wouldn’t be punished for... something. No, that can’t be right. I don’t remember doing anything wrong. Am I just here because it’s after work? No, then you wouldn’t be here. I’m not sure. Why *am* I here?

**Dr. Harewood:** I’m afraid I can’t answer that. I actually am all out of questions, so goodbye.

**SCP-9817-α7:** Wha—Why am I here? What’s—What’s going o—

= **<End Log>**

**Researcher's Notes:** It appears that SCP-9817-α7’s memory has significantly improved, but could still get better. We can spend a bit more time on compression amount, but memory should still be our main focus.

@@ @@

**Subject:** SCP-9817-α12

**Percent of Original File Size:** 61%

**Interview Log:** 

**Interviewer:** Dr. Harewood

**Interviewee:** SCP-9817-α12

= **<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Harewood:** Hello, may I ask you a few questions?

**SCP-9817-α12:** Um… Sure, I guess. I don’t see why not.

**Dr. Harewood:** That’s wonderful. What is your name?

**SCP-9817-α12:** Hariet, Hariet Johnson. What’s your name?

**Dr. Harewood:** You can call me Dr. Harewood, Hariet.

**SCP-9817-α12:** No silly. What’s your first name? That’s what matters.

**Dr. Harewood:** If you’d really prefer, you can call me Brook.

**SCP-9817-α12:** Alright, Brook, any other questions?

**Dr. Harewood:** Yes, where are you from?

**SCP-9817-α12:** I’ll tell you I’m from New York, but really, I was born in Wales. I lived there for 10 years before moving to New York.

**Dr. Harewood:** That’s quite an interesting backstory you have there. Alright, next question: A little bit ago, we asked you to memorize a poem. Can you attempt to recite it?

**SCP-9817-α12:** Oh yeah! I think it went like this: “We walk on starry fields of… it’s a color, white, I think.

   And do not see the flowers— or no, it was daisies

For blessings common in our sight

   We don’t often offer praises.”

**Dr. Harewood:** That was perfect, much better than I think I could do myself.

**SCP-9817-α12:** You flatter me.

**Dr. Harewood:** I’m just being honest. I have one last question.

**SCP-9817-α12:** Bring it on!

**Dr. Harewood:** You seem quite excited. Why are you here?

**SCP-9817-α12:** I think you brought me here. I remember you saying that I did a bad crime and I could do… *something* instead of a life sentence. I assume that’s what this is, though it doesn’t seem bad at all. I’m even in the diner I used to go to every day after work. What did I do, though? It must be bad enough for a life sentence, but this really doesn’t feel like punishment for anything. If you can tell me, what did I do?

**Dr. Harewood:** I’m afraid I can’t. I think that’s all I have for now, so goodbye.

**SCP-9817-α12:** That’s too bad, goodbye.

= **<End Log>**

**Researcher's Notes:** This is a great spot to be at. All of SCP-9817-α12’s important memories appeared to be there, and its short-term memory also appeared to function as normal. The focus should now be to get the compression amount as high as possible. We do *not* need to attempt to save more memories.

@@ @@

**Subject:** SCP-9817-α13

**Percent of Original File Size:** 67%

**Interview Log:** 

**Interviewer:** Dr. Harewood

**Interviewee:** SCP-9817-α13

= **<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Harewood:** Hel—

**SCP-9817-α13:** *You*

**Dr. Harewood:** Well, let’s not get feisty here. I only need to ask you a few questions.

**SCP-9817-α13:** Fine, but only if I can ask you some.

**Dr. Harewood:** I guess that’s fair. We’ll take turns, and I’ll start. What’s your name?

**SCP-9817-α13:** I’m Hariet Johnson. What’s yours?

**Dr. Harewood:** I’m Dr. Brook Harewood. Where are you from?

**SCP-9817-α13:** I live in New York, but why are you asking? Especially when you already know the answer.

**Dr. Harewood:** I see you're quite clever today. I’m asking you these questions to make sure your mind is fully adjusted.

**SCP-9817-α13:** Adjusted to what?

**Dr. Harewood:** It’s not your turn. What are the contents of the poem you memorized?

**SCP-9817-α13:** It goes: 

“We walk on starry fields of white

   And do not see the daisies;

For blessings common in our sight

   We rarely offer praises.”

**Dr. Harewood:** Wow, quite impressive.

**SCP-9817-α13:** I’m glad you're happy. What am I doing here? I was minding my own business, getting groceries for my family and me, when all of a sudden I found myself in an interrogation chamber. Nobody grabbed me or forced me. I was just suddenly there. You told me that I committed a crime. I didn’t. I didn’t even remember that I didn’t, nor did I remember being in a grocery store. You did something to me. You weren’t even the one ‘interrogating’ me. You were just sitting back, taking notes. So, I ask you: What. Am. I. Doing. Here?

**Dr. Harewood:** You remember quite a bit more than what I expected, good for you. I’m afraid I can’t answer that question.

**SCP-9817-α13:** Fuck that, TELL ME!

*SCP-9817-α13 moved quickly to catch Dr. Harewood in a choke-hold*

**SCP-9817-α13:** Explain yourself, you dirty piece of sh—

= **<End Log>**

**Researcher's Notes:** Test failed. Step 12 of Procedure-TOMSDINER will begin with the SCP-9817 version used on SCP-9817-α12.

<< [SCP-9816](SCP-9816) | SCP-9817 | [SCP-9818](SCP-9818) >>

> This article contains an excerpt from the poem [*https://poets.org/poem/thanksgiving-1 Thanksgiving] (1896) by Ella Wheeler Wilcox (Public Domain).
