=====

=====

.blinking{

    animation:blinkingText 1.2s infinite;

}

@keyframes blinkingText{

    0%{     color: #DDDD77;    }

    49%{    color: #DDDD77; }

    60%{    color: transparent; }

    99%{    color:transparent;  }

    100%{   color: #DDDD77;    }

}

---

> Date: 4/12/2030

> = **Welcome to SCiPnet Internal Database**

> = INSERT CREDENTIALS

> = ****Username:** gchandlerofficial**

> = ****Password:** ███████████**

= ...

= ...

= ...

> ****Search:** 826**

> files-SCP-826

> **>PRINT:files-SCP826**

= ...

= ...

= ...

> ****Search:** Area319**

> files-Area319-SCP-9412

> files-Area319-Internal-memo

> files-Area319-Interview-D41226

> files-Area319-ProjectGC

> files-Area319-ProjectGC-recordings-raw

> files-Area319-ProjectGC-after-action

> **>SHOW ALL**

---

= ...

= ...

= ...

**File Preview: Area319-SCP-9412** 

---

---

= ****! NOTICE !****

= DIRECT REFERENCES TO SCP-9412'S TARGET FOCUS HAVE BEEN REDACTED WITHIN THIS ARTICLE TO PREVENT ACCIDENTAL MEMETIC ACTIVATION

= ****! NOTICE !****

**Special Containment Procedures:** All noncritical activities and projects within Area-319 have been suspended to prioritize research into methods of mass suppression of SCP-9412 within the broader human population. To prevent jeopardization of Project-G.C., Area-319 is currently under a communications blackout under the guise of an infohazard quarantine. Files on and pertaining to Project-G.C. and SCP-9412 are to remain within localized storage at Area-319.

Foundation personnel who have scored a C.R.V. Cognitive Resistance Value: A measurement of an individuals ability to suppress or resist infohazards and cognitohazards. above 7, or who have shown to be immune to SCP-9412 infection entirelyReferred to as SCP-9412-α, are to be transferred to Area-319 if such transfer is capable of being accomplished discreetlyDue to the nature of SCP-9412, all personnel are to be considered for transfer, though careful consideration is to be used for Level-0 and Class-D personnel.. Personnel who are unable to or refuse to cooperate with Area-319's duties are to be amnesticized and retransferred to minimize jeopardization of Area-319.

**Description:** SCP-9412 is an anomalous viral memetic hazard of unknown origin that has spread to all human populationsDue to Area-319's technical limitations and clearance allocations, it is impossible to determine if SCP-9412 occurs within extraterrestrial facilities and extradimensional populations.. SCP-9412 is capable of distorting an infected individual's ~~memories and moral beliefs~~ perception of memories and moral beliefs to influence their behavior. This modification is done to assist in the destruction of SCP-9412's target focus, **[TERM EXPUNGED]**. 

Behaviors produced as a result of SCP-9412 infection in human populations are, but are not limited to:

> - Expressing extreme repulsion towards the idea of preparing and consuming **[TERM EXPUNGED]**.

> 

> - Expressing extreme hostility towards people who prepare and consume **[TERM EXPUNGED]**. Verbal beratement, physical violence, and attempted homicide are not uncommonWhile believed to be an unintentional side-effect, the gradual termination of people resilient or immune to SCP-9412 infection over time within the human population constitutes a LK-class restructuring event..

> 

> - Modification of physical and digital media to remove direct mentions of **[TERM EXPUNGED]** and related preparation instructions.

> 

> - Modification of law systems to uphold the persecution and termination of individuals who prepare and consume **[TERM EXPUNGED]**, or who advocate for the preparation and consumption of **[TERM EXPUNGED]**.

It is possible to induce suppression of SCP-9412 within infected individualsSee Project G.C. for more details.. Interrogation, combined with the administration of amnestics, is the most effective method, though individuals with a high C.R.V. are also capable of inducing suppression themselves through introspection into their own beliefs and behaviors. Self-suppression is rare outside of controlled environments, however, as infected individuals empower SCP-9412 infection in others through social peer-pressure and reaffirmation of shared beliefs.

**Addendum One:** SCP-9412-α are individuals who are resilient to SCP-9412 entirely, though these individuals are rare and are often subjugated or terminated due to their lack of animosity towards **[TERM EXPUNGED]**. It is unknown how many members of the human population are SCP-9412-α instances, but analysis of SCP-9412-α-26 Formerly designated as D-41226. shows it is potentially hereditary in nature.

---

= ...

= ...

= ...

**File Preview: Area319-Internal-memo** 

---

> Greetings, to those who have been employed here at Secure Area-319 prior to this event, and those who have been brought here under such short notice. Who decided to take on the duty they had been forced into, despite the major risks of doing so and the convenience offered of returning You home with no memory of the choice you made.

> 

> I’m making this announcement to let you all know that I understand the problems that you have with this current situation. 

> 

> I also understand that some of you say, or even if you don’t speak it out loud, you think to yourselves, that this is ridiculous. Everything about this is stupid. It is so utterly insane, and absurd. Why am I risking my profession, my accreditation, my own life, for something so ridiculous and stupid and absurd? 

> 

> And you are correct. It is ridiculous. It is stupid. It is absurd. It is dumb.

> 

> But it is not insignificant. 

> 

> Not only has such a drastic change been made to our world, to the people who live innocently in it, to the people who were supposed to be dedicated to protecting it from such phenomenon to the very end, but this ridiculous, stupid, absurd, change is hurting people. 

> 

> People are losing their lives from it. People who only get one chance at life, and the wonders and joys of being alive, are having their existence cut short and destroyed because the universe decided that making a **[TERM EXPUNGED]** should be punished with excommunication and beratement and death. 

> 

> I’m telling you this because the entirety of humanity is depending upon You. Not you, as in the Foundation you work for, but You specifically. 

> 

> When You signed up for this job, You were told that You would be the one to die in the coldness of obscurity while others lived in the brightness of normalcy. And You, or at least most of you here, didn’t really believe that. You always thought that it would be someone else who would really save the world, someone else who would bear that burden of sacrificing their life for countless others who would never even know their name after they died. Someone in a different facility, department, or branch would make those choices. You would do your part, of course, but it would always be someone else who had to make those decisions and bear those consequences.

> 

> Unfortunately, this is not true anymore. 

> 

> As you all know, the Foundation we have dedicated our lives to has been jeopardized by the very same disease which has infested the souls of the masses of our only home world. And unfortunately, it seems we were the only ones prepared to resist against it, our minds inoculated with defensive techniques and our brains overdosed with chemical reagents which have successfully purged and suppressed that agent within its synapses.

> 

> Which means, if we ever want to see a world where ordinary innocent people aren’t strung up and brutalized for making a **[TERM EXPUNGED]** for their hungry children, you need to get your shit together and start acting like the professionals you are. 

> 

> We will get through this only if you and your colleagues start treating this absurdness with the seriousness it warrants. 

> 

> Remember, the world is depending on you. 

> 

> -*Grace Chandler, Site Director of Area-319*

> 

> ****Secure. Contain. Protect.****

---

= ...

= ...

= ...

**File Preview: Area319-Interview-D41226** 

---

> = **VIDEO LOG - INTERVIEW D-41226**

> ~~-~~

> **Interviewed:** D-41226 Legal name Peter Butler. Enrolled into the D-Class program after being sentenced to life in prison for armed robbery and third-degree murder. Transferred to Area-319 for meeting the criteria of SCP-9412-α classification, showing complete immunity to SCP-9412 infection.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Harold Stanford

> 

> **Foreword:** Following this interview, D-41226's designation was changed to SCP-9412-α-26

> ~~-~~

> **[Begin Log]**

> 

> *D-41226 is seated, his left wrist handcuffed to the leg of a secure metal table. He picks at a hangnail on his finger as his eyes float around the room, occasionally looking up at the CCTV camera placed within the corner, before focusing again on other sections of the near-featureless room. The chamber is illuminated by a dull orange glow from above, designed to imitate daylight.*

> 

> *The door to the room opens as Researcher Harold Stafford and Security Officer Brandon Schwartz enter the room. Stafford is wearing a non-formal sweater. There is dark staining around his lips.*

>  

> **Harold Stafford:** Hello, Peter! Peter Butler, that is correct, right?

> 

> *D-41226 seems confused at first, looking at Officer Schwartz, and then back to Researcher Stafford.*  

> 

> **D-41226:** Yeah, that's...that's me. It's been a while since...never mind.

> 

> *D-41226's tone is apprehensive.*

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** Oh, yes, you p-pr-ble, proble [sic], probably are wondering where you are right now, and while I can't, c-can't tell you spe-fuck [sic], specifically where you are, I can tell you that you are in for a very imputent [sic]  - important opportunity!"

> 

> *D-41226 looks back at Officer Schwartz with a bewildered look in his face, motioning a hand towards Stafford and then to his own mouth.*

> 

> **D-41226:** Is...are you okay? Is he okay?

> 

> *Stafford blinks heavily and slows down. He looks as though he is trying to find a certain word.*

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** I...I apologize. This facility is, we are, uh...we contain certain anomalies that are, which are based in information and communication...communicable through information and communication...and there's only so much that...mental conditioning can accomplish against said threats...

> 

> *D-41226 nods on, his face expressing concern.*

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** And...well, to be blunt, you have a certain...a certain *trait* which would be important in our...goals. You, well...I believe you're aware of a certain...social shift in the world that's occurred.

> 

> *Stafford shifts through the stack of papers, pulling out a stapled stack. The cover page has "PROJECT G.C. - MODIFIED FOR LEVEL-0 PERSONNEL" printed in large font upon it.*

> 

> **D-41226:** Wait, is this...are you talking about...

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** I've reviewed your file, and what happened to your father, Edward Butler. And...while it is a tragedy, I think he...he passed something on to you...which can help us. 

> 

> **D-41226:** Is this about the fucking **[TERM EXPUNGED]** thing? 

> 

> *Stafford winces as D-41226 says* **[TERM EXPUNGED]**.

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** I need to ask that you refrain from using that...word directly out loud. But yes, yes it is. 

> 

> *D-41226 looks as though he is about to say something profound, but he's unable to. His mouth is slightly agape. He tries to move his left hand to his head, but upon meeting the resistance of the handcuff, instead uses his right.*

> 

> **D-41226:** I...I *knew* I wasn't fucking crazy! I...I knew...

> 

> *D-41226 goes silent again, leaning back into his chair.*

> 

> **D-41226:** So...you need me to help with...what is this, exactly?

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** Something that can potentially reverse this, well, viral meme that's taken over. Potentially. We...we hope. And if you...choose to accept, it would benefit us greatly, having someone with...actual direct immunity.

> 

> **D-41226:** Sorry, did you say *choose* to accept? 

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** Yes, we...we cannot *force* you to help us. We can't force anyone. This has to...be genuine to work properly. Without friction.

> 

> **D-41226:** And you're not going to take me out back and shoot me if I say no?

> 

> *A weak smile appears on Stafford's face before he stifles it and tries to refocus on the environment.*

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** Well, no. But you will be retransferred and...to prevent any potential breaches of security, you will be amnesticized before you go. Standard treatment for everyone who is brought here.

> 

> *D-41226 seems to be unable to focus directly at Stafford, looking down at his fingers as he taps them. They are scarred.*

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** The work isn't grueling, mainly maintenance and inventory, until we can enact this plan. And even then, it won't be complex. For you at least.

> 

> *D-41226 still looks apprehensive.*

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** If this goes well, you'd get your release accelerated. Maybe even find you a real position, a real job here. You'd finally have a chance to do the right thing for once.

> 

> *D-41226's head trails up. He says nothing at first, remaining silent. Stafford seems focused again on the conversation.*

> 

> **D-41226:** Sure, sure. I'll do it. Might as well.

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** Good! Gud [sic], good. I'm happy to hear that.

> 

> *Stafford slides the file titled "Project G.C." to D-41226. He motions his arm as if preparing to shake the hand of the man in front of him, before putting it away awkwardly. D-41226 picks it up and briefly flips through the pages, which are mostly covered in black bars with sparse sentences between them. Stafford stands up and motions to Officer Shwartz to unlock D-41226's handcuffs.*

> 

> **Harold Stafford:** We'll have a proper orientation tomorrow, once you've settled down.

> 

> *As Stafford exits, Schwartz removes the handcuffs from D-41226. The inmate looks apprehensively at him before getting up, file in hand. He looks at the officer, and then at the door. He appears confused at first, but chooses to exit the room. Officer Schwartz follows him. He doesn't directly escort D-41226, but doesn't stay far behind either.*

> ~~-~~

> **[End Log]**

---

= ...

= ...

= ...

**File Preview: Area319-ProjectGC** 

---

**Addendum Two:** Project G.C. entails the production and broadcast of SCP-9412-ω, a cognitohazardous video designed to induce resistance towards SCP-9412 in infected viewers. SCP-9412-ω is 15 minutes long, including archival media detailing the history and production of **[TERM EXPUNGED]**, as well as pre-recorded footage of personnel at Area-319 producing and then consuming **[TERM EXPUNGED]**. The video is interlaced with a mixture of artificial and repurposed cognitohazardous imagery designed to induce persuasion within viewers, including SCP-███, SCP-████, and SCP-████.

| Time | Section | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0:01-1:00 | Introduction | Narration encourages viewers to stay for a special message. |
| 1:01-3:00 | Preamble | Audio and footage enhanced with cognitohazardous elements. Narration discusses the history of **[TERM EXPUNGED]**, the visuals consisting of archival footage of **[TERM EXPUNGED]** prior to SCP-9412's spread. |
| 3:01-5:00 | Preparation | Following this point, narration focuses on the absurdity of beliefs produced by SCP-9412 infection. Visuals consist of Area-319 personnel preparing ingredients for **[TERM EXPUNGED]** |
| 5:01-7:00 | Processing | More potent cognitohazardous imagery is interlaced with footage, as SCP-9412-α-26 produces approximately 50 **[TERM EXPUNGED]** utilizing provided equipment. |
| 7:01-14:00 | Consumption | Staff of Area-319 sit down in Area-319's canteen and consume the **[TERM EXPUNGED]** alongside appropriate side-dishes. Staff are instructed to verbally state how delicious and safe **[TERM EXPUNGED]** is. |
| 14:01-15:00 | Postamble | Narration reinstates how **[TERM EXPUNGED]** is safe to consume, and how SCP-9412's infection is wholly unnatural. Ends with the narrator instructing viewers to spread the video in any way possible. |
While SCP-9412-ω does not influence suppression within all viewersWith a success rate of  88% during testing., it is believed that inoculating at least 51% of the infected population will be satisfactory. SCP-9412 infected individuals empower SCP-9412 within other individuals; making SCP-9412 infected individuals the minority is believed to have an inverse effect, where non-infected individuals convince infected individuals to question their own beliefs, influencing manual suppression.

The footage will be spread through major social media outlets and satellite hijacking on April 12th, 2026. Any automated webcrawlers sourced at Area-319 dedicated to flagging and removing cognitohazardous media from internet sources will be temporarily disabled during this event.

Speakers and screens have been set up around Area-319, designed to broadcast the same footage and a modified audio variant for when Foundation Response Teams inevitably invade Area-319.

---

= ...

= ...

= ...

**File Preview: Area319-ProjectGC-recordings-raw** 

---

= **VIDEO LOG - PROJECT G.C. - PROCESSING STAGE - UNCUT**

---

**Foreword:** To minimize potential memetic activation within staff, the preparation of **[TERM EXPUNGED]** was separated between different isolated stations while filming SCP-9412-ω. SCP-9412-α-26 was assigned to the production stage due to its immunity to SCP-9412 entirely. 

---

**[Begin Log]**

*SCP-9412-α-26 is within Area-319's kitchen, standing in front of an industrial stove, the top half of its orange jumpsuit tied around its waist. It paces around the room, waiting for the ingredients to produce* **[TERM EXPUNGED]***. It looks up into the camera placed within the room.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** So, this is it, huh? I'm gonna save the world?

*A door opens, and a cart containing 100 pieces of sliced* **[TERM EXPUNGED]** *and 50 pieces of* **[TERM EXPUNGED]** *is rolled into the kitchen. SCP-9412-α-26 silently thanks the person responsible, who is off-screen, and begins to produce the* **[TERM EXPUNGED]***.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** Man, this is great. I love making **[TERM EXPUNGED]**, I love...

*SCP-9412-α-26 is obviously uninterested in the dialogue it was instructed to speak. It remains silent during the duration of producing the first batch of* **[TERM EXPUNGED]***. It removes the* **[TERM EXPUNGED]** *with a spatula and prepares the second batch.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** I'm sorry, I can't...I can't do this. I'm going to be honest, I hate **[TERM EXPUNGED]**. Well, no, I don't hate it. I do enjoy it...I just...

*It flips some of the* **[TERM EXPUNGED]** *over to avoid burning.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** It's just such a simple meal, y'know? Just **[TERM EXPUNGED]** and **[TERM EXPUNGED]** cooked together. I guess it's just the **[TERM EXPUNGED]** itself, I can't stand foods that overuse it. Maybe I'm just lactose intolerant or something. I like milkshakes a lot, though, so maybe its...

*SCP-9412-α-26 moves the second batch off of the stove and prepares the third.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** The texture? It could be the fucking texture. Greasy fucking. Sticky. God, I fucking hate this, this, greasy fucking-

*SCP-9412-α-26 looks at the 10 prepared* **[TERM EXPUNGED]***, his hands clenching and unclenching rapidly. It then begins to hit the stove with the metal spatula rapidly, deforming the tool, before throwing it at a nearby wall off screen. It clatters against the floor. It almost hits the stove with its hand before striking its own head with its open palm multiple times.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** Stupid, stupid, fucking stupid **[TERM EXPUNGED]**, it's so fucking stupid, its so stupid but it *fucks* me over anyways! Everything always fucks *me* over anyways!

*SCP-9412-α-26 kicks the cart before flipping it over, the remaining ingredients falling to the ground. It almost loses its balance, grabbing onto the handle of a stove to prevent it from falling over. Personnel do not respond to this incident, as they are a suitable distance from the room to prevent accidental memetic activation from viewing* **[TERM EXPUNGED]** *production. SCP-9412-α-26 looks at the mess before sliding to the ground and sitting out of sight. From what can be seen, its hands are visibly placed over its head.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** I'm sorry, *I'm* sorry. I'm *sorry*.

*Motions in SCP-9412-α-26's visible body suggest that it is leaning downwards into itself.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** Why is this happening? If this never happened, I wouldn't be *here*. 

*The* **[TERM EXPUNGED]** *on the stove begin to overcook.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** I'd have a stable start, I wouldn't have gone out and...my dad would still be here, he wouldn't have been...I'm such a goddamn *fuckup* man...

*Smoke begins to rise from the* **[TERM EXPUNGED]***.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** I can't...I can't fuck this up too. They're...they *need* me. They really need *me*. They're not...they're not pieces of shit like...

*SCP-9412-α-26 gets up from the ground, grabs a second spatula, and flips the burnt* **[TERM EXPUNGED]***. He then moves them  off the grill, even though they're overcooked on one side and undercooked on the other.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** Sorry for, yeah, sorry. I'm just...stressed too. Yeah.

*It turns around and pauses while it looks at the ingredients on the floor. After a few seconds, it gathers them up and places them back onto the cart. It begins to laugh to itself.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** I'm fucking *sorry*, god, God!

*SCP-9412-α-26 keeps laughing to itself as it prepares the fourth batch. It looks into the camera.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** Sorry about this, please don't...

*SCP-9412-α-26 doubles over, giggling to itself.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** At least they're *seasoned* now! Fuck, I wish I had garlic powder at least for these. Sriracha maybe.

*SCP-9412-α-26's laughing dies down. It looks at one of its hands, appearing to count its own fingers.*

**SCP-9412-α-26:** Seriously, though, I'm *sorry*. I hope you aren't too mad. Heh.

*SCP-9412-α-26 finishes the fourth and fifth batches in silence. It places the cooked* **[TERM EXPUNGED]** *onto the cart and moves it outside of the camera's view into the hallway. It hums a tune to itself, identifiable as the beginning of the* We're Off to See the Wizard *song from the 1939 film* The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.

---

**[End Log]**

---

= ...

= ...

= ...

**File Preview: Area319-ProjectGC-after-action**

---

**Addendum Three:** Following the broadcast of SCP-9412-ω on April 12th, 2026, SCP-9412 was successfully suppressed within a majority of the viewing population before the initial broadcast was shut down by automated Foundation webcrawlers. While suppression of the entire population at once was not possible, inoculated individuals were able to spread footage of SCP-9412-ω as well as its message, inoculating other infected individuals by themselves.

The sudden influx of inoculated individuals was enough to invoke broader societal change. Within three months of initial broadcast, laws prosecuting individuals for the act of preparing and consuming **[TERM EXPUNGED]** were broadly removed. Within six months, all individuals incarcerated for preparing and consuming **[TERM EXPUNGED]** were exonerated and released. Within nine months, SCP-9412 infection was purged from most members of the population, excluding individuals with low C.R.V. scores or who were located within rural locations with limited internet access.

Within eleven months, Foundation personnelBy this point, broader Foundation personnel were able to achieve inoculation against SCP-9412. were able to inoculate remaining pockets of infected individuals utilizing a mixture of amnestic therapy and an enhanced version of SCP-9412-ω.

A year after the initial broadcast of SCP-9412-ω, April 12th, 2026, was officially designated as **[TERM EXPUNGED]** day.

**Addendum Four:** Two years following broadcast of SCP-9412-ω, Foundation facilities located within-[DATA CORRUPTED]-corded a sudden influx of-[DATA CORRUPTED]-ncontainable breach in-[DATA CORRUPTED]-leading to a-[DATA CORRUPTED]-ituting a-[DATA CORRUPTED]

= [DATA CORRUPTED]**m**ajor loss of li-[DATA CORRUPTED]

= [DATA CORRUPTED]**i**nvasion of-[DATA CORRUPTED]

= [DATA CORRUPTED]**s**upportive infrastructure failu-[DATA CORRUPTED]

= [DATA CORRUPTED]**t**argeting civilian po-[DATA CORRUPTED]

= [DATA CORRUPTED]**a**cceptible use of paratechnological weaponry-[DATA CORRUPTED]

= [DATA CORRUPTED]**K**ill-on-Site Protocol-[DATA CORRUPTED]

= [DATA CORRUPTED]**E**nd-of-the-World Scenario-[DATA CORRUPTED]

= [DATA CORRUPTED]

---

= ...

= ...

= ...

---

> ****Search:** Area319**

> files-Area319-SCP-9412

> files-Area319-Internal-memo

> files-Area319-Interview-D41226

> files-Area319-ProjectGC

> files-Area319-ProjectGC-recordings-raw

> files-Area319-ProjectGC-after-action

> **>SHOW ALL**

= ...

= ...

= ...

> **>DELETE ALL**

= ...

= ...

= ...

> = ARE YOU SURE? 

> = || Y || N ||

= ...

= ...

= ...

> = FILE DELETION REQUEST SENT TO RAISA

= ...

= ...

= ...

> **>INPUT MANUAL OVERRIDE**

= ...

= ...

= ...

> = INSERT CREDENTIALS

> = ****Username:** gchandlerofficial**

> = ****Password:** ███████████**

= ...

= ...

= ...

> = CREDENTIALS ACCEPTED 

> = DELETION WILL OCCUR WITHIN 24 HOURS

> = PLEASE LOOK INTO THE CAMERA, Grace Chandler, AND RECORD A MESSAGE FOR DELETION OVERRIDE

= ...

= ...

= ...

= **VIDEO LOG - DELETION OVERRIDE**

---

*In front of the camera is someone who is clearly not Grace Chandler. His appearance is ragged, and his face is unshaven. Above a ragged sports jacket, he wears a damaged plate-carrier. Markings on it identify it as standard-issued equipment supplied by the UNGOC.*

*Printed files detailing the location of a Foundation-owned facility rest on the table, alongside a pistol, a water bottle, and a Class-A Amnestic Self Administration Inhaler.*

*The wall behind the man has sustained considerable damage, allowing for a view into the outside environment of the facility. The ruins of a destroyed city are visible, the surrounding forest is burnt down, and only husks of trees remain. Indeterminate cuboid shapes float between the unnaturally white sky and the ruined terrain below. Craters full of a dark red fluid cover the landscape.*

*A young girl is seen in the corner, also wearing tattered clothing, reading a copy of* The Wizard of Oz. 

**Peter Butler:** Hey, well, I um...I know this doesn't really *matter* anymore, but since this is probably going to be the last thing I record here, I might as well...do it. Don't have anyone to really talk to properly anymore. Maybe this'll help? A bit?

*Butler looks over at the child, and upon seeing that she is still within the room, looks back at the camera.*

**Peter Butler:** Now that I think about it, I'm not really sure what to say right now. A lot has happened, y'know, over time. I don't think I could really explain the specifics well, the memory of it all is sorta...my memory never was that good to begin with. 

**Peter Butler:** Um, so, Project G.C. went well enough, it seems, thankfully the rest of the Foundation got the message before they killed us all at Area-319. Then they helped spread the "antimeme" to the rest of the world.

*He looks down, his eyes seem dull. His lips have dark staining around them.*

**Peter Butler:** They also kept their word, surprisingly. And I managed to get a real job with them. It wasn't the best, but containment maintenance beats being a disposable test dummy. Got real pay at least. Even got to see...her again.

*He motions to the child, who is distracted by her book. She also has staining around her lips.*

**Peter Butler:** And I thought that would make it all worth it. God, I missed her so much. Thankfully, she remembered me after all that time too. I was worried...it just seemed *too* perfect, y'know? 

*He looks behind himself, to the large hole in the wall. A giant entity, potentially 50 meters tall and resembling an emaciated human, lumbers a few miles away. It wears a crude apron constructed from raw skin, and its eye sockets are filled with an unnatural blue flame. It reaches into the air and grabs one of the cuboid shapes, before plunging it into one of the pools and consuming it.*

**Peter Butler:** I know *that* looks bad, but to be honest with you, you get used to it after awhile. They're relatively blind to ground targets, well, *now* they are, thankfully. Wasn't always like that. For awhile, I used to use, y'know, these a lot-

*He picks up the inhaler.*

**Peter Butler:** -but I just try to...blot it out now. I have to stay strong. 

**Peter Butler:** And I hate that I have to do it, but I need to save them for...for her. I don't know how else to give her a good childhood...

*He looks at the child again before returning focus to the camera. He sighs.*

**Peter Butler:** Apparently, we messed up. It...turns out...9412 wasn't without reason. It had a purpose, like a uh...a memetic immune system. Someone or something out there was trying to protect *us* from something greater and...

**Peter Butler:** And that thing just so happened to be attracted to societies who consumed...y'know...

*He clenches his fist and holds his breath, but releases them when he hears the child sounding out words from her book.*

**Peter Butler:** It's so fucked up. For a long time, I used to hate myself for it. It felt like I had truly fucked up again, I fu- I mean, I messed up, messed up again. 

**Peter Butler:** But really, how was I supposed to know? How could anyone?

*He stores the inhaler and the water bottle in his backpack, places the pistol into a holster, and grabs the documentation. He looks through the pages. One of the files details the containment protocols for [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-826 SCP-826].//

**Peter Butler:** I need to leave now, I only stopped here to...I guess to...

**Peter Butler:** I just kept thinking about it, how my only real record in history was me screwing the world up again, and I just...I felt like I'd feel better putting this all to peace, to rest. Not like anyone would care about it anymore.

*He gets up.*

**Peter Butler:** I only have one more thing to lose now, not counting my own life, and...I'm not going to screw this up. I can't.

**Peter Butler:** No, I *won't*. I just...I hope this is the right choice. I always liked *The Wizard of Oz*, and she does too. I just don't know where else to go.

*He walks over to the child, and leaning down, takes her book and says something unintelligible. He holds her hand as they leave the room.*

*A car can be heard starting outside, the noise trailing off as it leaves the audio range of the camera.*

*The light illuminating the room is blotted for a moment, as a shape moves between the structure and the sky. A levitating mass of an indeterminate amount of human bodies floats on by, propelled by an unknown force. They are compressed together in a cuboid shape, the bodies making up the top and bottom layers are burnt beyond recognition. The bodies at the center writhe in pain, and all show signs of extreme jaundice.*

*It almost resembles a grilled cheese.*

---

---

<< [SCP-9411](SCP-9411) | SCP-9412 | [SCP-9413](SCP-9413) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
