Info about the article

⚠️ **Content warning:** The titular character shows *signs of having experienced past sexual abuse,* such as paranoia and aggression. He hides it beneath a veneer of teen machismo and nothing is said explicitly. Also **crude language, including one F-slur.**

.danke {

    padding: 5px;

    margin-bottom:10px;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.1em; 

}

.agent {

    background-color:#002200;

    border: 3px solid #55AA55;

    color: #77CC77;

}

.site {

    background-color:#222200;

    border: 3px solid #AAAA55;

    color: #DDDD77;

}

#### WARNING: File contains minor cognitohazardous properties, whatever that means.

Turn back if you're a pussy and can't handle that.

**Item #:** SCP-9609

**Object Class:** Top 1 percent.

**Special Containment Procedures:** King in the castle! You treat this man with the respect he demands and deserves. None of that school cafeteria slop, we lookin' caviar served on ostrich liver pate fed to him with spoons carved outta human skulls.

**Description:** A fucking beast, you feel me? A fucking beast. Like seventeen silverback gorillas stuffed in one guy and every year they shove in a new one. Sorta skinny too, so the worst part's that you can't even tell. People see him in the ring, that deaf kid with a missing tooth and they think: "This bitch is getting folded like an ironing board." They don't know I'm **THE IRON** 'till they taste it between their teeth.

Now those gorillas have gone fucking crazy in there. They're rubbing together, furs making that static electricity, that friction type shit. The boy's buzzing like a powerline. You read Matilda? He's like Matilda if Matilda wasn't a patron saint. He does what she should have done and blows his principal's head off. He can just do that! Can't do much else, but fuck it if it ain't incredible!

It was fun as hell. God blessed him with the power to take down anyone. ANYONE. Even if you're Muhammad Ali reincarnated, you've got a brain, and if you've got a brain, the boy could brick it. They went down like flies every fight. That was the problem he bet, men ain't meant to fall like flies. The boy got too cocky, too obvious.

He's got nothing now, stuck in some secret government skinner's box. You MIB  men in black, just in case you nerds don’t know your shit.  better stay behind your mirrors. This room might not have ropes or a ref, but it's a ring all the same. Come at me, meet your maker!! I fucking dare you!!!

**Addendum Alpha:** The boy’s got one weakness the men discovered quick: he sleeps like a log. Bet it’s the gorillas. With such potent energy surging through a growing body, you gotta turn it off and on again every now and then so that it doesn’t pop. Though now that the boy’s discovered your little trick, he’s one eye open every night. Fist clenched, gritted teeth, ready to put the teachings of Travis the chimp to use. Just how it was back at the pound, the boy just had to get used to watching his tail again. You’re not touching him, no sirree.

**Addendum Bravo:** The door creaks and it’s not a meal this time. Some guy in orange overalls, a proper sack of pimpled meat, is shoved through like a hog to the slaughter. It’s all about the balance in the world. We’re all winners and losers and we exchange those roles like shoes in a dark room. It was the boys turn to win again. The beast went down with a knock so mean you could feel it at the bottom of your feet. It was a good day. Bet the docs behind the glass must have gotten some numbers out of it.

**Addendum Charlie:** “Doctor Kay, I’d advise against it. At least take a sedative with you,” he could read a couple MIB's lips as the door cracked open. One of them came in, a middle aged man in a gay little sweater and a long white coat. “This fucking dork,” the boy thought, “with his gay little glasses and gay little ponytail. I’ll make him an example. A gay little head on a stake for the rest of them to look at.” The boy squares up, laughs, yells a little something and feels the gorillas get going. The doc just stands in place, zero self preservation. Then he signs, DOESN’T JUST **SPEAK**, but signs to the boy:

“Hello, I’m Doctor K. I heard you like boxing. Would you like to talk about that?”

The more he talked to K, the worse he felt about calling him gay. RHYME! By the way, even if he was gay, god would love him all the same I bet.  You science people have a particular cadence that K lacks, the type that pisses me off. “Subject esseepee nine six oh nine showing signs of aggression,” no shit, just thinking about you pisses me off. I don’t wanna answer your pop quizzes and I think it’s mighty fucking unfair how you get to know all about me.

And what'll you do if I refuse anyway? If I fucking SNAP, all hostile and shit. Whatcha gonna do about it?? Sedate me?!? Slip a pill in my meal like I'm a fucking dog?! I bet you’ve sedated me already! Woke up with my ass a little sore one morning, bet you’ve probed me all over, had your fun, fucking degenerates. You like little boys!  Officer,this fag likes little boys!!!

**Addendum Delta:**

**TRANSCRIPT OF SIGN LANGUAGE VIDEO LOG** So us talking shit for a bit. 

**Note:** This is how it really went down, no bells no whistles. Take it as a warning. And an explanation. And an apology.

**Date:** 13.5.2026

---

[BEGIN LOG]

[9:45]

**Dr. Käämioja:** “Good morning, Anton. You lashed out yesterday.”

*SCP-9609 looks at him and shifts in his seat, but doesn’t respond.*

**Dr. Käämioja:** “I wasn’t hurt. It’s okay. Everything’s okay.”

**SCP-9609:** “They had to drag you out last time. You look pretty rough now too.”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “I always do, don’t I? It was a simple partial seizure. It only lasted a minute or few, I took a nap and then I was fine. I promise.”

*SCP-9609 kicks his feet with a slight smile.*

**SCP-9609:** “And now you’re here to punish me for it.”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “No Anton, I’m here to talk about it. Do you know why you lashed out? Was it something that was said? Did something feel wrong to you?”

**SCP-9609:** “I dunno.”  I knew. 

**Dr. Käämioja:** “I think you do.”

**SCP-9609:** “I don’t.”  I DID!!! 

**Dr. Käämioja:** “... Well, that’s fine. Maybe you’ll remember it later. And if not, that’s alright too. We’ve got plenty of time. In fact, I need a little help from you.”

*Dr. Käämioja hauls over a basket of assorted yarn.*

**Dr. Käämioja:** “We need to untangle these! I’ve been tossing all my leftovers into this and they’ve just gotten more and more tangled with time. If we can get them into a more manageable shape, I can make something out of them.”

**SCP-9609:** “For fucks sake, alright Mengele. Fucking ‘work sets you free’ type shit.”

*Dr. Käämioja sighs and gives SCP-9609 a displeased look.*

**SCP-9609:** “... what’re you planning on making anyway? One of those sock monkeys?”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “Would you like a sock monkey?”

**SCP-9609:** “...Yea.”

[11:34]

*SCP-9609 and Dr. Käämioja have unraveled approximately half of the yarn mass. After exchanging friendly banter and miscellaneous conversation, they’ve spent around fifteen minutes in silence. SCP-9609 drops his ball of yarn in his lap and fidgets for a moment. He begins signing again.*

**SCP-9609:** “K, I don’t need to be unconscious, do I?”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “Hm? For what?”

**SCP-9609:** “For anything. You don’t need to look at me when I’m out, no samples, no measurements, no nothing. Is that right?”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “No, not really! Only if we had to do some kind of surgery, but you’d definitely know about it. That takes lots of preparation. You’d have to refrain from eating, take a shower-”

**SCP-9609:** “Do you promise that? You promise me that nobody will do anything?”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “...Yes. I promise to you with all my heart. Nobody will do anything to you and nobody has done anything to you without your knowledge. I swear to god.”

**SCP-9609:** “...okay.”

*SCP-9609 takes the yarn again and resumes untangling the pile. He quickly sets it down again.*

**SCP-9609:** “I think I want that checkup we talked about.”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “Sure!”

[END LOG]

Assholes, I want you to know I only apologized because K asked me to. It was just a hemorrhoid.  I’m telling you this because I’m not a fucking baby and I’m not embarassed by shit like this anymore. I guess you got that medical exam you wanted. Were the boy given more stickers and lollipops, maybe he’d be more willing to partake in the MIB’s sick tricks.

Thank you for the monkey, anyway.

**Addendum Echo:**

<details>
<summary>+ K'S PROG ROCK PLAYLIST FOR OUR SESSIONS or something... I think that's what he listens to.</summary>

| BEGINNING AUDIO LOG: . . .

Hello? Hello? Okay, it works.

IT'S ME! Doctor Herkko Käämioja reporting for duty. *chuckle*

Uhh, SCP-9609 is unable to alter the perception of something he himself cannot experience. Due to his lack of hearing, audio recordings, like this one here, are immune to his cognitohazardous er... stain.

Item number, SCP-9609, Object class Euclid, Containment procedures detailed in a separate recording. *cough* Description, Anton is an otherwise regular, if malnourished teenage boy. He communicates with Finnish sign language and can read both Finnish and English fluently.

Anton has the ability to alter the cognitive processes, specifically those pertaining to perception, of anyone who thinks of him. He does this both intentionally and directly as well as unintentionally and indirectly.

When directly in front of someone, he can overload their brain with a sudden burst of activity, causing a seizure. From farther away his ability simply alters one's perception so that all depictions of him, written, drawn or sculpted, appear as if they’re from his own hand. You’re seeing what he wants you to see. Thus the erm… odd formatting of his documents.

Still, all the text you see in this file, though altered through your perception, is reliable... to an extent. He has a colorful vocabulary...

Anton was contained when a foundation field agent was alerted to an underground boxing ring in Tampere. He had no family to speak of and he had stopped going to school. It was assumed he was a runaway of some kind and… that he was.

W- we’ve had conversations, the nature of which I do not want recorded for the sake of his privacy. His trauma is not mine to share ‘nor is it relevant for our studies. All you need to know is that he is sensitive, more so than he lets on.

... I know my proposition regarding his containment procedures may seem overly liberal to some, but I earnestly believe it to be the right way to go. I understand that this situation is exceptional, but underneath that exception there's a... there's a normal kid. A hurt kid. You understand?

Thank you.

| ENDING AUDIO LOG: . . .

</details>

**Addendum Foxtrot:**

**TRANSCRIPT OF MIXED LANGUAGE VIDEO LOG**

**Note:** Big Boss came over to make sure K's doing his job. This was a good day! 

**Date:** 10.6.2026

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Cattail leans in to whisper in Dr. Käämiöja's ear.*

**Dr. Cattail:** "He looked a lot more... robust in the photographs. Has there been some kind of mistake?"

**SCP-9609:** (signing to Dr. K) "Is this asshole calling me skinny or what? Not like he'd know much about it anyway, fat boy."

*To Anton’s dismay, Dr. Käämioja repeats everything he signs out loud. Dr. Cattail furrows his eyebrows at SCP-9609, who shifts in his seat nervously.*

**Dr. Käämioja:** (Signing and speaking simultaneously) "Anton, this is Ivan. He's come here to check in on you and see how the two of us are doing. Let's not be mean to anyone..."

**SCP-9609:** "Sorry, that was an asshole move on my part. Uhh... I like your moustache. Very Freddie Mercury!"

*Dr. Cattail nods.*

**Dr. Cattail:** "Thank you. I like yours too. So, tell me Anton how are you feeling? Many people in your position report loneliness, fear et cetera and I recall you being rather distressed when you were first contained. What’s the situation now?

**SCP-9609:** “It’s good, a lot nicer than the pound ever was now that I’ve gotten used to it. K’s good company, and I’m a lone wolf anyway. I never needed friends or nothing.”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “By ‘pound,’ he means the children’s home.”

**Dr. Cattail:** “Mmhm. Well, what do you think caused this change for the better?”

**SCP-9609:** “... I dunno.”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “Well, let’s think, what have you done? You’ve told us more about yourself, you’ve been getting back to your hobbies…”

**SCP-9609:** “You’ve listened to me! That’s probably the main thing, yeah.”

**Dr. Cattail:** “Very good. Now, what do you think of Dr. K’s methods?”

**SCP-9609:** “His what?”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “The way I work with you, he means. The things we do together.”

*Anton thinks for a moment.*

**SCP-9609:** “Shit, I dont really know.  It doesn't feel like that anymore. Were just hanging around. It’s cool. I lost all hope in authority, proper anarchist shit you know, but K's just a guy kinda.

**Dr. Cattail:** “So you find Herkko easy to talk to? Good, very good. There have been no incidents after the one last month, so even from my outsider perspective this arrangement seems to be bearing fruit.”

**SCP-9609:** “Yeah yeah, this bitch is a cornucopia! He keeps my secrets, he doesn’t nag me for swearing and I like how he brings stuff with him whenever we hang out.”

**Dr. Käämioja:** “Speaking of...”

*Dr. K turns away, picks up a small cake and three books and sets them down on the table.*

**Dr. Käämioja:** (Singing and signing simultaneously) “Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you…”

**SCP-9609:** “You sly fox, you fucking madman you!! How did you know!?”

**Dr. Käämioja:** (Still singing to the melody) “I’ve read your ID papers, happy birthday to you!”

*Anton leans in with excitement before feigning a look of nonchalance.* This one's wrong. I **AM** nonchalant.

**SCP-9609:** “No candles? Boring.”

**Dr. Cattail:** “Open flames are only allowed in designated rooms.”

**SCP-9609:** “Damn alright Big Brother, fucking George Orwell type shit!”

[END LOG]

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9608](SCP-9608) | SCP-9609 | [SCP-9610](SCP-9610) >>

> **Filename:** psychic_boy_portrait.jpg

> **Author:** JL. jr 's brother.

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [WIP]
