a {

    color: #000000;

}

**SCP-9984** - Containment Protocol

By 

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/demolitionderpy-s-author-page demolitionderpy's Author Page]

This article is a rewrite of "**SCP-9984** - Containment Protocol" by .

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/crat26 CRat26's Author Page]

@@@@

**Item #:** SCP-9984

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9984 is held in an isolated containment chamber within the East Wing of Site-652. This chamber is fitted with two security cameras and a PA system used to communicate with the subject. SCP-9984 is to be monitored at all times.

Once a day, SCP-9984 is to be provided a meal consisting of 1000 calories -- this meal also containing its extensive regiment of medication. Food is to be delivered through a slot in the cell door. Should SCP-9984 refuse to eat, use of force is authorised. SCP-9984 is to be continuously reminded of this fact.

SCP-9984 is only permitted to exit its cell during special medical emergencies.So far during SCP-9984's containment this has not been considered necessary. If personnel are required to physically interact with SCP-9984 for any reason, the lighting system within its chamber must be deactivated beforehand, and no less than three security personnel must be present. SCP-9984 is required to wear a head covering should it exit its cell. Should SCP-9984 display any threatening behaviour towards itself or others, use of force is authorised.

SCP-9984 is to be supplied with the following medication, once daily:

* 200 mg of warfarin;

* 200 mg of clopidogrel;

* 150 mg of dabigatran;

* 100 mg of lisinopril;

* 100 mg of mescaline;

* 200 mg of galantamine;  An anti-alzheimers medication. 

* 250 mg of diristocon.  An anomalous, life-extending drug. 

SCP-9984 is to be remotely interviewed weekly regarding its personal beliefs and convictions. All changes are to be noted. If the subject refuses to cooperate, food, water and toilet privileges may be revoked.

Under no circumstance should SCP-9984 be allowed to make visual contact with Foundation personnel.

**Description:** SCP-9984 is a humanoid male of indeterminate age. SCP-9984 has suffered significant physical deterioration whilst in containment, becoming paralysed from the waist down.

SCP-9984 was captured in a raid of a Chaos Insurgency facility in 1973. It had previously been identified as a high-ranking member of a CI cell in Southern Mexico, and had taken part in a terrorist attack that terminated three Foundation personnel.

Since entering containment, SCP-9984 has shown a decrease in anti-Foundation sentiment. SCP-9984 no longer seems to hold any strong personal convictions at all. Due to the highly successful results procured during SCP-9984's containment, containment staff Foundation-wide have been authorised to replicate its special containment procedures for all SCP items formerly designated as Persons of Interest.Approximately 40% of all SCP items in Foundation containment.

As of December 3rd 2008, SCP-9984 has submitted approximately 3,450 informal termination requests.

@@@@

@@@@

<details>
<summary>+ Open Footnotes</summary>

</details>

<< [SCP-9983](SCP-9983) | SCP-9984 | [SCP-9985](SCP-9985) >>

> **Based on:** SCP-9984, "Containment Protocol"

> **Author:** CRat26

> **License:** CC-BY-SA

> **Source Link:** https:*web.archive.org/web/20251112172554/https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9984
