**Item #:** SCP-9411

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9411 instances are held in Standard Medium Organism Containment in groups no larger than three. Physical contact with SCP-9411 is to be avoided without protective equipment. Any injury acquired by interaction with SCP-9411 requires immediate medical attention. 

Early growths of SCP-9411-1 are to be treated with standard cancer treatments. In the event SCP-9411-1 has progressed to stage 2 Foundation personnel are to quarantine the infected until expiration.

Online public discussion of fictional beings resembling SCP-9411 do not require Foundation attention.

**Description:** SCP-9411 is a grouping of mammalian sophonts, usually resembling domestic cats and dogs. Instances vary in shape, color, size, number of appendages, and luminosity. Very few physical similarities exist between individuals, regardless of similarities in hosts, environments, and time of formation. SCP-9411 are occasionally capable of producing crystalline material through internal bodily processes. Said material is shed through the skin, primarily on the scalp, in small particles that congregate in the surrounding fur.

SCP-9411 display abnormally high or low excitability, sudden shifts in emotion, and sudden extreme violence. Obsessive nature over auditory and visual media is common, often to a degree that is a risk to the instance's own health.

 

SCP-9411-1 is a zoonotic, malignant cancer transmitted by contact with SCP-9411’s saliva and blood. Individuals infected with SCP-9411-1 will exhibit unusual behavior, usually seclusion and an urge to retreat into heavily wooded areas. Upon expiration of the host, SCP-9411-1 will grow post-mortem into an instance of SCP-9411.

**Addendum:**

6/23/2026 File Note - 
<details>
<summary>+ Open</summary>

It has come to my attention that there is a growing fondness for SCP-9411 amongst some Foundation staff in recent years, as well as a growing number of containment procedure violations. Yes, the emo dogs you drew in middle school are real. That is not an excuse to liberally interpret what the Foundation considers an enrichment item or activity. If you want to give the cancer dogs glow sticks, you MUST submit a formal request. Farther violations will lead to project transfer and possible employment termination.

-Dr. Terry Lewis

</details>

Email/Statement on "Sparkledogs" phenomenon by Dr. Casey, 2016 - 
<details>
<summary>+ Open</summary>

"...As to answer your inquiry on SCP-9411's relation to internet subcultures: there is none. We have tirelessly looked for any connection between amateur online """artists""" and SCP-9411. Time and time again the connection only exists on a visual level. For the first time in my career I can say we have an actual, genuine coincidence on our hands.

Censorship related to SCP-9411 should remain as standard procedure for others similar to it. It is better to spend our limited funding on tracking down posters of verifiable images displaying SCP-9411 rather than stupid kids who drew a cat but made it blue..."

</details>

 

 << [SCP-9410](SCP-9410) | SCP-9411 | [SCP-9412](SCP-9412) >>
