.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-size: 15px;

    font-family: "Segoe Print", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

.page2 {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-size: 15px;

    font-family: "Segoe Script", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 21.5px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

]

@@ @@

---

## Special Containment Procedures

All instances of SCP-9134-A are to be kept in separate, sealed humanoid containment chambers, the walls of which made of reinforced concrete able to withstand a minimum of 14 MN, connected to a linking chamber under constant video and audio surveillance. The accessing of any containment chamber and supervised interaction for any purpose is only permitted under the authorization of personnel with a security clearance of Level 3 or above. Instances are to be put through psychological evaluation on a monthly basis, and regularly sustained. Any mentions of information (verbal or otherwise) regarding [GoI-0432 ("The Hunter's Black Lodge")](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2408), and the use of terminology which is commonly disfavored by cultural groups associated with Sarkicism within close proximity of instances is strictly prohibited.

Any observed manifestations of hitherto unknown instances of SCP-9134-B are to be reported to site directors, and recorded. Any persons exhibiting knowledge of, or ability to utilize SCP-9134-B instances are to be administered Class C amnestics.

@@ @@

---

# Description

SCP-9134 collectively designates thirty-seven (37) humanoid entities (hereon referred to as SCP-9134-A), and a set of physical transmutations (hereon referred to as SCP-9134-B).

SCP-9134-A instances are genetically human, each possessing the trait of lacking a single eye, which was removed through either forceful extraction, or in some cases, by anomalous means; the area within the eye socket filled with soft tissue. All instances display a liturgical belief in Sarkicism, and the ability to utilize SCP-9134-B, with the addition of other bio-thaumaturgical capabilities commonly observed in Sarkic organisms, such as accelerated ortogenic processes and recovery of damaged or infected tissue, tougher composition of osseous tissue, more efficient reproductive capacity and muscle flexibility, and enhanced, more resilient organ systems. Radiological analyses demonstrate a complete absence of SK-BIO Type 006 Symbiotic organisms found in the bodies of both Sarkites and Sarkic organisms. It is believed that they are related to the physical transformations some Sarkites undergo , or any other potential sources of morphogenetic irregularity.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=15

|speed=400

|float=true

|align=right

|width=35%

|url=Emblem.jpg

|alt=alt|alt-text="Arms of the Beast" emblem

|add-caption=true

|caption=Emblem associated with the group, symbolizing "The Arms of the Beast"

]]

All known SCP-9134-A instances belong to a societally isolated, sedentary, tribal kin group, referred to by instances as "Kojelän Kaŋä," Roughly, "Arms of the Beast" in Adytite  formerly located in a remote and unmonitored portion of the Cardamom Mountains rainforest, Koh Kong province, Cambodia. Spoken languages include Khmer, Cham, and a distinct dialect of Late Adytite. Close to no external documentation of the group has been recorded preceding the Foundation's awareness and call to acquisition on 05/13/19██ via Armed Mobile Task Force Xi-8 ("Last to Fall"). Scriptures suggest its existence to date back as far as the late 14^^th^^ century, its anonymous existence being maintained by concealment of its anomalous nature and the ability to amply repopulate in the event of mass lethal casualties (notably; the period of guerilla warfare following the fall of the Khmer Rouge empire), only resorting to aggression against outsiders on rare occasion.

Cultural practices include:

* ritualistic prayers for physical and spiritual strength;

* the strict reinforcement of the importance of honor, and the ability to suppress one's violent compulsions, the lack thereof being seen as disreputable and weak, with nonconsensual violent behavior towards another living creature always resulting in execution;

* frequent formally commenced combat between two (2) (or occasionally more) SCP-9134-A instances, with the application of SCP-9134-B transmutations, and no other weaponry. Nearly all of these events result in the expiration of a combatant; otherwise, a surrender. The targeting of forelimbs and body segments which act as the base of SCP-9134-B manifestations during combat appears to be a taboo, prompting nearby instances previously not involved in the encounter to assault or incapacitate the combatant who committed the illegal move. Although the frequency of these confrontations has been the cause of consistently high mortality rates within the group, their anomalous virility, immunity to abnormalities which would derive from inbreeding, accelerated cognitive development, gestational period and pubertal process allows for a correspondingly high natality rate, with juveniles typically reaching physical maturity within 1-3 weeks after birth, and the gestational period being approximately four (4) days;

* ceremonial performances which seemingly serve no purpose other than entertainment. Performers are always female instances utilizing SCP-9134-B mutations for dancing. Choreography features energetic, percussive movement of the hips along with spinning, similar to traditional belly dancing. Such events commonly conclude in lethal combat between performers.

Social structure is similar to an anarchistic society, the notion of a class hierarchy considered unnecessary given the short average lifespan of instances, with the exception of two (2) currently in containment, who are viewed as shaman-like figures, not engaging in combat, assuming the roles of childcarers and hierological archivists.

Mythological doctrine believed by SCP-9134-A instances ostensibly differ in certain core aspects from the common consensus of Proto-Sarkic axioms and literature. These being that the revered focal character is Klavigar Orok Commonly, a supposed disciple of Ion in Proto-Sarkic canon, portrayed as a muscular cyclopic man associated with strength, war, violence, etc.  (also referred to by instances as "The Benevolent Brute," "The Blood Prince," or "The Form of Will"), and the idea that Grand Karcist Ion's A mythical figure believed to be the founder of Sarkicism  attempt to destroy the Old God Refers to Yaldabaoth; regarded as the principle power of the cosmos in Sarkicism, engaging in the cyclical consumption of life and matter which is later reborn, ready to be consumed again  was absurd, since the natural order of every universe is the alternation of energy, not stasis. The mythos surrounding Orok also contrasts with canon, him being only a human born into poverty, with a missing arm. In his quest to find mystical aid for his battle against a god, Ion journeyed through the city of Jen, but did not get far before being challenged to a battle to the death by young Orok, which he accepted. Despite his weakness, Orok endured the violent match before growing a two-headed battle axe from his shoulder and greatly injuring Ion. He would then continue on to practice his fleshcrafting and undertake mentoring apostles of his own, blessing them with the same power.

"He was struck with blow after blow, leaving in his place nothing but torn flesh. Then, his Will glowing brighter than ever before, thunder crashed onto his ashes, his limbs tying back together. The Sorcerer-King continued onslaught endlessly, Orok's form tearing and mending nine hundred and ninety-nine times. Sensing a moment of weakness, Orok focused all of his being, and crafted with bone and viscera an axe. Hacking off his right arm, he said onto the Fool of Adí-üm: "return from whence you came, and vow to meddle with the essence of death and rebirth nevermore. Then, and only then, I shall spare the life you lust after so." Ion, filled with bitter rage, grabbed and tore out the right eye of his merciful opponent before fleeing."

@@ @@

─ Excerpt from a book of prayers

@@ @@

SCP-9134-B are a collection of anomalous, reversible physiological transmutations mainly capable of affecting distinct body parts. The transitional process is mildly painful, typically concluding within 10-50 seconds, and involves rapid cellular division, the separation of soft tissue, the augmentation of skeletal structure and cartilage, and the transmogrification of osseous tissue, in a manner that disallows hemorrhaging and otherwise expected infection or oncologic complications.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=15

|speed=400

|float=true

|align=right

|width=35%

|url=XrayHand.jpg

|alt=alt|alt-text=SCP-9134-B-2

|add-caption=true

|caption=Radiograph illustrating _

SCP-9134-B-2 on the hand of an adolescent male SCP-9134-A instance

]]

The consequent mutations predominantly resemble weaponry made prior to the era of industrial warfare, but vary according to previous gesticulations made by the user utilizing the body part undergoing modification, with the addition of specific concentrated mentation techniques serving as catalysts for the process' initiation and retrogression. The number of individual mutations appears to be infinite, purely subject to the user. Whether or not they are limited to configurations resembling weaponry is unknown. Due to the necessary muscle movement, it is impossible for the average human to achieve certain required gesticulations (see SCP-9134-B-5). Anomalous adverse secondary responses accompany the active state of these mutations, with the user's adrenal glands rapidly producing large amounts of corticosteroids such as epinephrine and cortisol, leading to heightened aggression.

A curated list of SCP-9134-B instances can be seen below (for the full list of recorded instances, see DOC-9134-B):

<details>
<summary>─ ── ─── Show list of SCP-9134-B instances ─── ── ─</summary>

||~  _

Designation ||~ Affected body part(s) ||~  _

Gesture ||~  _

Result ||

|| SCP- _

9134- _

B-2 || Hand || The hand is held straight along with the forearm. The index, middle, and ring fingers are held out straight and close together, with the pinky finger and thumb retracted || Soft tissue surrounding the three (3) middle set of phalanges detaches and folds around the wrist, the bones melding together, forming a flat, sharp, serrated triangular shape ending in a point, resembling a wide dagger/cinquedea ||

|| SCP- _

9134- _

B-5 || Forearm and hand || The hand is held straight along with the forearm. The index, middle, ring, and pinky fingers are held out straight and close together, so that they are in decreasing order in length, respectively, typically accomplished via elongation. The thumb is retracted || Soft tissue surrounding the skeletal structure below the trochlea detaches and folds around the humerus, the bones melding together, forming a lightly curved, flat, sharp surface resembling a machete/saber sword ||

|| SCP- _

9134- _

B-23 || Wrist and hand || The fingers are hooked and evenly separated, touching the tip of the hooked thumb || The tissue below the ulna and radius melds together, forming an augmented orb covered with spikes which protrude from the skin, connected to the ulna and radius with an assembly of connected oval links, resembling a flail mace. Mass of the spherical portion appears to be far more than what the sum of transformed biological matter would allow, ranging anywhere from 7.2-18.6 kg in weight ||

|| SCP- _

9134- _

B-31 || Arm || The arm is held straight along with the fingers, which are close together. The distal phalanges of the index and pinky fingers are bent inward, while the distal phalanx of the ring finger is bent outward || The tissue below the acromion and glenoid cavity melds together, forming an assembly of connected oval links, approximately 8 m in length, covered with spikes which protrude from the skin, resembling a spiked chain ||

|| SCP- _

9134- _

B-56 || Hand || The index, middle, ring, and pinky fingers are held straight and evenly separated. The thumb is retracted || Tissue below the ulna and radius melds together, with the proximal, middle, and distal phalanges forming stems connected at the tips with a sharp double bevel edge, with the empty space filled with interdigital membranes, resembling a handheld fan/tessen. Mutation is used only in the setting of ceremonial dances by female SCP-9134-A instances ||

|| SCP- _

9134- _

B-1 || Arm |||| N/A _

 _

Supposedly a double-headed battle axe. The required gesture remains unknown due to SCP-9134-B instances resembling such weaponry being considered blasphemous, having no documentation of even having been attempted ||

</details>

@@ @@

---

### Addendum #1

On 10/19/2001, a series of experiments were performed for the purposes of evaluating whether SCP-9134-B mutations could be utilized by subjects other than SCP-9134-A instances, under the supervision of Senior Researcher Isaac Baker, along with two (2) armed personnel.

For the sake of brevity: protocol of every test log consisted of a Class D personnel being instructed by an SCP-9134-A instance on how to initiate and control SCP-9134-B mutations. The majority of experiments resulted in subjects unable to initiate a single mutation, with two (2) exceptions, wherein subjects (D-51223 and D-72310) successfully underwent transmutational process shortly before entering a state of extreme animosity, having to be restrained until they reversed their modified body parts. Subjects were administered Class B amnestics which were proven to be effective, and SCP-9134-A instances were escorted back to containment.

SCP-9134-B instances have been deemed cognitohazardous. Special containment procedures revised.

> See, this is fascinating. Were the other subjects not able to do it because they just didn't understand the meditation part of the procedure, or is there a specific "chosen" thing going on, determined by some higher being? I think we can safely assume the tribespeople mostly just brush off the compulsive effects, given their strict teachings of psychological endurance, but what is the reason behind it? We haven't come across anything like this with Sarkic body-alteration nonsense before. We'll have to dig into that a little more.

> 

> - Researcher Baker

> 

@@ @@

| Test Log 9134-029 |
| --- |
| Time | 10/20/2001 ─ 13:01 |
| Subject | Class D subjects who have participated in Test Logs 9134-001 through 9134-028 |
||~  _

 _

Protocol || Subjects were authorized by site directors to be examined via [SCP-1133](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1133). Subjects who have successfully undergone transmutational processes demonstrated to contain a larger quantity of SCP-1133-2 An unidentified substance seemingly present in every human's bloodstream in different quantities. Produces an effect of heightened stress levels and aggressive behavior in hosts  within their bloodstream compared to others; roughly ██ ml or more. This trait matches that of all SCP-9134-A instances who were also examined. A large quantity of SCP-1133-2 was subsequently extracted from D-51223, who was then directed to participate under former experiment protocols for a second time. ||

||~  _

Results ||  In his current state, D-51223 was unable to initiate any SCP-9134-B mutation process. D-51223 was re-infused with the extracted amount of SCP-1133-2. Subjects were escorted back to containment. ||

@@ @@

---

### Addendum #2

On 08/10/2006, a research team was summoned by Field Agent Ekansh Kumar shorty after his discovery of what appeared to be an abandoned underground Sarkic site, located near a private lumber establishment in ███████, India. Investigation has uncovered several pieces of occultic scripture; all non-anomalous on their own, including a grimoire depicting anatomical diagrams similar to SCP-9134-B instances, dating back to c. 900 BCE.

"Brothers, this will be my final message to you. I cannot, in sound mind continue living as the person I have become. The blood has been shed by our hands. Innocent blood. And as much as it was part by my hands, it was not me, then. And those were not my hands. I loathe my very being the times I cannot look at the face of my own child with love in my heart as always, but hatred, and wicked sinful urges to rip flesh, tear eyes, gnaw bone, and feel no regret. Father Koükla promised us fertile wives so our legacy could spread far. Not this curse. The atrocious whisper Similar descriptive titles are observed in other retrieved scriptures, including "The Terrible Call," and "The Mad Beckoning"  has blinded us for too long. It has made us think this is a blessing, but I have never seen it as so. We are men. Not animals. I shall not let myself lose control again. To make another mistake. And I advise you to do the same."

@@ @@

─ Excerpt from a notebook found on-scene

@@ @@

> 

> ++++ Interview Log 9134-018 (Translated)

> ~~-~~-

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9134-A-22

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Sann Hem

> ~~-~~-

> +++++ [ Begin log, 08/13/2006 ─ 10:28 ]

> 

> 

> **Dr. Hem:** How are you doing today?

> 

> **SCP-9134-A-22:** I am well. Thank you, Doctor. I have not seen Jasmine Jasmine Connell; on-site psychologist and relationship therapist  in a while now. Is she ill?

> 

> **Dr. Hem:** Unfortunately she can't make it this month, she has some things to do. We'll find a replacement shortly. Speaking of, how have your sessions been going? I've heard good things.

> 

> **SCP-9134-A-22:** She has been a wonderful and calming presence, Doctor. When we first arrived here, I thought it would be nothing but pain and boredom. But I guess you can get accustomed to anything with the right mind. *[Chuckles]*

> 

> **Dr. Hem:** Right. Do your brothers and sisters still think about ending their own lives?

> 

> **SCP-9134-A-22:** I do not believe so. Our existence felt... empty, for a long time, seeing how locked-up we are, and the rules we have to follow, like "no fighting." Fighting is in our nature. *[Pause]* I have not raised my koŋä SCP-9134-B instances  in... it feels like ages.

> 

> **Dr. Hem:** And does that make life easier?

> 

> **SCP-9134-A-22:** Not easier. But I feel lighter. There is still a distant gnawing, at the back of my core, telling me I am throwing away my devotion, succumbing to a life I am not worthy of.

> 

> **Dr. Hem:** I wanted to ask about something else, too. When you are using your koŋä, do you feel as if there might be... a whisper, commanding your actions?

> 

> **SCP-9134-A-22:** Whisper? *[Pause]* Ah! *[Laughs]* You must be talking about the Will! Doctor, you sure give funny names to things.

> 

> **Dr. Hem:** Right. "The Will." Someone did mention that before, we just haven't really gotten a clear explanation. Would you say it's like a person's voice?

> 

> **SCP-9134-A-22:** *[Laughs]* No, no. It is not a voice. It is a guiding power. I understand that to people unlike us, it must sound intimidating, but that is the Will of Orok. It purges the weak amongst us. Naturally, those who cannot fend for themselves, fall. When our Great Prince taught our ancestors how to battle like he did long ago, he was kind, but did not cradle like a mother. He encouraged his children to grow, and today, that growth is within us as well.

> 

> **Dr. Hem:** And this "Will" only happens when you fight using your koŋä?

> 

> **SCP-9134-A-22:** Correct. Some cannot handle it. They grow mad, wielding such immense power. But those of us who pray and not give in to unneeded bloodlust, well... we are still here. Standing strong. The fowl which spread its wings, as it was tossed out of the nest.

> 

> **Dr. Hem:** Does anyone else know about this power?

> 

> **SCP-9134-A-22:** To my knowledge, no. Our kin do not like to share. And we have rarely met anyone when we were still out in the wilderness, so it would not have mattered. It is a great responsibility. One that is a blessing, no less.

> 

> **Dr. Hem:** We didn't find scriptures belonging to your ancestors from all the way back then. Do you think Orok is still alive?

> 

> **SCP-9134-A-22:** Of course! If some beast far greater did manage to land a blow, it would only be a scratch.

> 

> **Dr. Hem:** Right. Right. *[Pause]* Well, that'll be all. Thank you.

> 

> 

> +++++ [ End log, 08/13/2006 ─ 10:32 ]

> 

Thorough biological and thaumic analysis of SCP-9134-A instances has been requested by Researcher Baker. Results display a notable amount of TRE radiation Tartarean Resonance Energy; a currently poorly understood form of thaumic energy produced by activities and entities which are commonly considered malicious in a spiritual or religious context  emitted from SCP-9134-B mutations while they are in an active state.

Further examination is ongoing. Assignment of secondary containment class as Hiemal An esoteric classification of containment for interrelated sets of anomalies which maintain each other's containment in some form  pending.

<< [SCP-9133](SCP-9133) | SCP-9134 | [SCP-9135](SCP-9135) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Emblem.jpg

> **Author:** The Digital Yard Sale, Unknown | Edited by 

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Old_paper1.jpg)

 

> **Filename:** XrayHand.jpg

> **Author:** [Mikael Häggström](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Mikael_H%C3%A4ggstr%C3%B6m) | Edited by 

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:X-ray_of_a_hand_before_automatic_bone_age_calculation.jpg)
