@@ @@

div.scale {

    /* Classification Colors */

    --woedbar-apollyon-color: #F0A400;

    /* Angled Bar Colors */

    --woedbar-lvl1-color: #F0A400;

    /* Class Bar Color */

    --woedbar-class-bar-color: #F0A400;

}

@supports not ((-webkit-background-clip: text) and (-webkit-text-fill-color: transparent)) {

    .dado1 {color: #FF7F7F; font-weight: bold;}

    .dado2 {color: #FFB27F; font-weight: bold;}

    .dado3 {color: #e6e600; font-weight: bold;}

    .dado4 {color: #A5FF7F; font-weight: bold;}

    .dado5 {color: #7FC9FF; font-weight: bold;}

    .dado6 {color: #D67FFF; font-weight: bold;}

    .dado7 {color: #FF7FED; font-weight: bold;}

}

@supports ((-webkit-background-clip: text) and (-webkit-text-fill-color: transparent)) {

    .dado {

         background: linear-gradient(to right, #FF7F7F, #FFB27F, #e6e600, #A5FF7F, #7FC9FF, #D67FFF, #FF7FED);

         -webkit-background-clip: text;

         -webkit-text-fill-color: transparent;

         font-weight: bold;

    }

}

@@ @@

##### **Special Containment Procedures:**

All Foundation resources have been diverted towards the containment or termination of [SCP-343](SCP-343), and end its alterations to reality.

9743-Protocol measures are to update as SCP-9743 progresses throughout the week.

##### **Description:**

 

SCP-9743 refers to the ongoing CK-class Reality Restructuring event in which SCP-343 is attempting to convert the planet earth into a perceived ideal state.

Without notice and without triggering Foundation warning systems, SCP-343 enacted global restructuring to realign society from its ongoing state as of 2026-5-10 to its state as of 1999-12-31, ten seconds prior to midnight. Despite the change in circumstances to match 1999, no retrocausality or direct temporal travel was observed.  Time measured from the UTC+0 time zone. 

Prior to SCP-9743, a body camera attached to Researcher Stuart HausResearcher Haus was recruited for their media arts specializations, two weeks prior to SCP-9743. recorded a conversation that occurred immediately prior to ontological manipulation, in SCP-343’s containment cell.

**<Begin Transcript>**

Researcher Haus approaches SCP-343's containment cell at 14:53, in order to continue building a rapport with the anomaly.Due to SCP-343's ongoing containment relying upon a positive impression of the Foundation, this is standard procedure for oncoming staff to its research project. They are in the process of eating an apple as they enter the chamber. Inside, SCP-343 is relaxed in the armchair present within its cell, reading "The Theory of Sentiments" by Adam Smith. SCP-343 acknowledges Haus's entrance into the cell.

**SCP-343:** Ahh, that takes me back.

**Haus:** Pardon? Oh, sorry 34-- God.

**SCP-343:** Do not mind it. I'm simply enjoying a memory of a bygone age.

An additional physical body of SCP-343 manifests, and approaches Haus.

**Haus:** Oh! That's new.

**SCP-343:** I have been…practicing.

SCP-343 extends a palm towards Haus.

**SCP-343:** May I?

**Haus:** Wha- Oh! Sure!

SCP-343 reaches for the body camera. Upon making contact, rapidly changing images overlay its eyes, presumably as it analyses the footage.

**SCP-343:** How is my current fascination doing?

**Haus:** I’m fine. Thanks for asking!

**SCP-343:** Have you been doing anything interesting?

**Haus:** Well I helped the canteen because they got short staffed and they gave me an apple as a reward.

**SCP-343:** But without concern for such a paltry reward, you still did it?

**Haus:** Well…yeah? Just…felt like a good thing to do.

The body of SCP-343 on the chair mutters an acknowledgement and closes its book. It stands and approaches the secondary body, fusing into one entity. It faces Haus, returning the camera to his chest.

**SCP-343:** If I recall correctly, you are making a new introduction video for recruits?

**Haus:** Yeah, I said their introduction video was outdated and felt kinda hostile. They told me "Y'know what, let's see if you can do OUR job better than we can!”.

Haus rubs the back of their head.

**Haus:** I’m paraphrasing of course. I just don’t want others to get a bad impression of what the Foundation does. It’s not perfect but I get why we do what we do. For the greater good and all.

SCP-343 nods.

**SCP-343:** Of course.

SCP-343 begins to pace at this time, with a thoughtful expression visible on its face.

**Haus:** Is something wrong?

**SCP-343:** I have been thinking... for a considerable time now. What use is this power that I wield?

SCP-343 ceases motion, and stares at its palms.

**SCP-343:** I have created the world with them, yes. But what then?

SCP-343 sighs.

**SCP-343:** I think I have made my choice.

**SCP-343:** Perhaps it is time once more. Perhaps it would be right to try again.

**SCP-343:** I will not wipe the slate clean, I would only err again. Instead, I shall mend those mistakes already written. Stitch the wounds of this world rather than simply wipe away the blood.

SCP-343 stares at Haus.

**SCP-343:** And I believe I should start right away.

**Haus:** What?

At this point, SCP-343 demanifests from the containment cell. Researcher Haus shuts off the camera and reported the incident to Site-17's Site Director soon after.

**<End Transcript>**

Subsequent to the beginning of SCP-9743, at midnight 2000-1-1, SCP-343 appeared before every human simultaneously before announcing its intentions through mental projection. SCP-343 took on appearances of various deific figures for the duration of this event. It is transcribed in full below.

# God's Return

*Hear me, my children. For I have arrived.*

*You have called me various names across time and space. Allah, Izanagi, Bathala, SCP-343.*

*But you know me all as your God.*

*For too long I have ignored the plights of my creation, too long have I turned a blind eye against the horrors that occurred.*

*Nevermore, for I have come to change my ways for the better.*

*I shall now intervene, to make this world shine with more hope than it ever has before.*

*Throughout seven days, I will transform our world into a paradise.*

*If questions and wishes are what you seek; arrive, and with your brothers and sisters congregate into my holy place. From there I will hear you, and you will hear my answer in kind.*

*I encourage those who seek wishes to help their fellow humanity, to aid me in my mission of transformation of our world.*

*That will be all.*

*I love you.*

Beginning during the 10 second interval before Midnight, the following notable alterations have been identified and attributed to the SCP-9743 event.

* The global per-minute death count has decreased dramatically as sapient beings across the planet have been rendered immune to physical, mental or thaumaturgic damage inflicted upon them.

 * Violence directed towards any sapient is reflected upon the attacker. Though both parties remain unharmed, the attacker suffers the pain they would have inflicted.

 * Violence directed towards sapient beings from lower lifeforms are nullified, with animals unwilling to attack unprovoked.

 * Voluntary death through any method is no longer possible.

* Death as a result of age remains a valid method for a human life to end, though the age at which this occurs varies significantly per individual.

* Should death occur, a spectral entity similar to the common conception of a “ghost” is created. These entities bear the same memories and personality traits of the person who has died. These ghosts are limited in terms of physical interaction.

* All hostile anomalies have been rendered passive, including those catalogued as SCP objects.

* Anomalies related to imposed unreality, surreality or temporal displacement have been rendered non-functional. This includes both naturally occurring and intentionally created anomalies, such as Foundation-made Reality Anchors and Temporal Travel technology.

* All extrauniversal gateways are currently guarded by an instance of SCP-343 preventing passage.

* Cognition-based hazards which result in death or debilitation, including Foundation kill agents, no longer function.

* The Foundation's reserve of amnestic chemicals has been removed and destroyed. Technologies and entities with amnestic effects are similarly neutralised.

* SCP's -073 and -076 have been removed from containment by SCP-343. Current projections estimate they will intersect within Iraq. Despite passing through large population centres, no incidents of violence have been observed from SCP-076.

* SCP-682 is missing. It is presumed destroyed or removed from baseline reality.

---

# Day 1

**Day 1 Update to 9743-Protocol:** Surviving Foundation personnel are to enter religious buildings of worship such as churches to ensure public wishes do not result in catastrophic obstacles for the Foundation's primary mission of containment.

@@ @@

Following the announcement by SCP-343, the global population has become highly distressed on average, with shock and denial being frequent.In particular among those who were asleep at the time of SCP-9743's commencement resulting in the frequent belief that it is the result of a dream.

The announcement by SCP-343 disrupted mental cognition at the time, those who were physically active during the incident became overwhelmed with various accidents occurring such as vehicle collisions.

The O5 Council has contacted the Global Occult Coalition in assistance to monitor SCP-343 and potentially terminate it due to their intentions perceived as possibly malicious. Various sites with access to anomalous tech are to manufacture new anti pistiphagic weaponry due to the losses of various SCPs that counteract entities similar to SCP-343. Field Agents specializing on eliminating reality benders have been called to site facilities close to sightings of SCP-343 to prepare for conflict against it.

@@ @@

Hundreds of millions worldwide have responded to the offer of answers and wish fulfilment by SCP-343, congregating in established places of worship.

All such places have become inhabited by a secondary body of SCP-343, each of which retains the original’s reality altering abilities. SCP-343 copies show no frustration nor exhaustion from answering multiple questions as well as granting wishes to the general populace. Enclosed places of worship, such as churches, have been anomalously expanded their interior space by SCP-343 to accommodate larger groups.

Questions regarding the afterlife are left unanswered at this time, with SCP-343 publicly stating the following:

*“I will make a better afterlife, one without the concept of heaven nor hell. I will make something better, more humane.”*

Wishes granted by SCP-343 to the normal populace are given restrictions, with more being declared as required throughout the day due to individual attempts to circumvent established restrictions.

The restrictions given as of the first day are:

* *“You may not be made more powerful than me.”*

* *“You may not wish death upon an individual.”*

* *“You may not ask for the manipulation of others to form relationships, especially romantic ones.”*

* *“You may not wish for wealth or material gain.”*

Despite these restrictions, highly impactful wishes have been permitted when they are aligned to the intentions of SCP-343. This includes the common desire to see "evil" people removed from society, which has resulted in the creation of SCP-9743-1 and SCP-9743-2.

SCP-9743-1 is the designation given to an uncountable number of massive human hands that are capable of levitation and passage through solid objects. Each instance is capable of immediately determining if any given sapient being would be defined as "evil" under a certain definition.

What constitutes as “Evil” according to SCP-343 is as follows:

* Actively malicious.

* Actively bigoted or prejudiced against other groups or minorities.

* A history of engaging in sexual crimes.

* A history of engaging with animal abuse.

* Willing to cause direct and indirect harm for personal gain.

* Have committed immoral acts in the past with no regrets.

* Will do anything for the “greater good”.

 

Each hand is constantly aware of the precise location of the nearest subject which is "evil" and will move towards them in a direct path. Upon entering line of sight of the target, an SCP-9743-1 instance will accelerate towards them. Escape is not possible at this point, however a chase will usually last until the target is physically or mentally exhausted, trapped, or otherwise incapable of further evasion, at which point the hand will physically restrain the target and bring them to SCP-9743-2. Each SCP-9743-1 instance is capable of lifting a weight equal to ten times the average human body mass. Ghosts that died prior to the creation of SCP-9743-1 are similarly targeted if they match any description of an “evil” person.

If an individual is restrained while within an enclosed space with no obvious exits, SCP-9743-1 instances will extend their intangibility to the target before moving them.

SCP-9743-2 are large cubes composed of an unknown rainbow colored material, levitating within proximity to places of worship across the world. These contain “evil” individuals that SCP-9743-1 instances have captured. These cubes grow 1 meter in diameter for every 10 “evil” individuals deposited into them.

It is unknown what occurs within SCP-9743-2.

 

Immediately after this wish was enacted, SCP-9743-1 instances captured a large amount of petitioners in the presence of SCP-343, including the original author of the wish. Confusion and mass panic occurred as a result, causing people to flee any nearby instances of SCP-9743-1. Those that remained in place were deemed “True Believers” by their peers, and have become significantly more zealous. Hidden Foundation personnel observing places of worship have been captured during these events, preventing any further intelligence collection.

SCP-9743-1 instances have caused significant casualties worldwide,Although SCP-343 has stated that captured individuals have not been killed, they are considered to be casualties in all practical senses. reaching into the hundreds of thousands within the first hour of creation.

SCP-9743-1 instances have also been seen doubling via cloning to hasten the process. It is estimated that SCP-9743-1 instances will capture billions by the end of SCP-9743.

World Governments, Companies, Groups of Interests, and The Foundation are experiencing severe instability due to the loss of essential personnel due to SCP-9743-1.

The SCP Foundation has suffered the following losses across all sites during the First Day of SCP-9743.

* D Class: 34,876

* Security Personnel: 3,547

* Researchers: 2,435

* Field Agents: 201

* Site Directors: 29

* Sapient SCPs: ██

* O5 Council Members: █

@@ @@

Researcher Stuart Haus had been sighted manifesting within Site-17, equipped with journalistic and thaumatic equipment. Haus notably has been modified to possess six wings used for teleportation which appeared active during manifestation. Other entities similar to Stuart have appeared in various sites, identified to be those that have interacted with SCP-343 before within and outside Site facilities. These entities are hereby designated as SCP-9743-3.

After which, they communicated that they had been tasked with interviewing baseline civilian populations and anomalous groups of interest such as the Foundation.

These interviews are collected as a part of the SCP-9743 file, due to instructions given to the SCP-9743-3 collective by SCP-343.

*"For the Foundation to learn what humanity is really about; what they don't see from beyond their cold demeanour."*

Current Foundation staff replacing Site Directors has complied with this instruction, despite protests from the SCP-9743 research team.

## **Day 1 Interviews:**

I was sleeping near a transformer when I had that message in my head. I thought it was a dream until I woke up and saw people flocking to churches to ask for questions and wishes.

I thought “Why not? I could use a miracle.” I went there and it was stuffed as hell. Even with the space expanding, it was crammed even with the long lines that God made. While I was waiting for my turn I thought really hard about what I wanted. I heard the rule saying “No material gain” which meant no money. Others like me were there, some I recognized too. They wished for a house or easy access to food.

It was there that I thought of the best wish there was to think at the moment by the time it was my turn. But before I could wish for what I want, the hands showed up.

I froze, getting trampled as people screamed and ran for their lives. I thought I pushed it, I was waiting with my heart in my throat to get killed but…I didn’t.

God approached me and healed my bruises. He gave me keys to one of the guys they snatched, telling me that I was a true believer. Telling everyone who stayed behind in the church that we were one of his true children. Telling me that he's sorry that he wasn't there when I got wrongfully arrested by the cops that put me in this situation in the first place.

The keys belonged to a guy who was a rich evil bastard, who had a really big house that was enough to fit 20 people. I shared the house with the rest of the homeless guys that survived. Not to mention, God told us to gather up everything we needed from the stores without having to worry about paying, and we didn’t even wish for that!

I owe everything to him. I would do ANYTHING for him! He set my life around for the better just when I started to lose hope! Praise the lord!

~ Mollie Ferris, Former Homeless Man

Oh you’re one of the guys that got roped into God’s scheme huh? I guess we really don’t have much choice in that matter considering we’re being forced to do this.

Well…I mean don’t get me wrong, getting rid of evil people is a good thing. But at the same time everything’s kind of falling apart at the moment with a lack of people, it’s hard to keep stuff running in the facilities. Especially with our site director gone and contact with the other sites being rough, we're running like headless chickens here.

I suppose it’s something he didn’t consider, or maybe he did? I dunno. All I know is that for the rest of what’s gonna happen, shit’s about to go down. Probably for the better? But most likely for the worse.

That and some personal observations from what I've seen, God did define what an evil person was but he never specified what a *good* person was. I mean I suppose it's obvious like being kind and what not, but there are guys here who are jerks but they didn't get captured, atleast not yet. They're not evil enough to kick puppies of course but they're kind of assholes that laugh insensitively when you get a bad haircut.

Sure it's probably nothing but that makes me think, is it going to be an actual paradise if these guys are gonna stick around? And that's the main concern, because if that guy is considered good...what else does God consider good?

~ Artemis Howard, Site 17 Researcher

---

# Day 2

**Day 2 Update to 9743-Protocol:** ~~Foundation personnel are to recruit newly resurrected MIA personnel to restore Foundation site systems back to a functioning operational state. Civilians with adequate skills needed to maintain stability within facilities are being recruited as necessary.~~

Following RDC breaching attempts, recruitment is to be temporarily halted.

@@ @@

SCP-343 has resurrected an estimated tens of billions of humans across the planet, and continues to do so. Those that were resurrected are considered “Good” people that died of “Unjust” deaths.

“Unjust” deaths include:

* Death as a result of discrimination

* Accidental death

* Abortion

* Voluntary death

* Killed in action during wartime

* Disease

* Unjust or incorrectly ruled execution

* Experimental fatalities

 

Individuals have been resurrected from at least 2.58 million years ago, including extinct human relatives more related to modern humans than Australopithecus.Including H. Neanderthalensis, H. Erectus, H. Habilis, et cetera.

Resurrected individuals are noted to have an improved immune system upon resurrection, including antibodies suited to combat modern diseases.

@@ @@

A public call has been made by surviving governments for educators specialising in anthropology and early education to assist resurrected humans of previous geological ages in acclimating to the modern world.

Due to the overwhelming number of resurrected humans, Foundation efforts are to be focused on damage to the anomalous world, and restoration of stability in all owned Facilities. The recovery of KIA SCP Personnel with considerable experience is also prioritised.

Resurrected individuals have been questioned both publicly and internally as to the existence of an afterlife. All answers indicate trouble remembering what afterlife they came from, though common statements regarding an ["island of eternal pleasure"](SCP-7179) are known.Knowledge of existing afterlives have presumably been removed by SCP-343. SCP files and research relating to afterlives have also been removed from the SCiPnet database. SCP-343 have advised to not ask further after various individuals with exceptional memory broke down before being treated by SCP-343.

As a consequence of the resurrections, the increase to the world population far exceeds the number of casualties as a result of SCP-9743-1. Worldwide hunger is projected to occur in less than 5 months if global food production does not meet demand. As a result of concerns interpreted as wishes, SCP-343 has converted large abandoned and perceived obsolete buildings across the planet into storage facilities to store newly generated food and supplies sufficient for the increased population.

Buildings considered obsolete by SCP-343 include:

* Data Centers

* Mansions and private estates

* Company and government offices, excluding leading offices

* Departmental facilities, including military bases

* Domestic policing precincts

* Secondary schools

Food contained within these facilities is refrigerated through unknown means to preserve them for long term consumption. Contained items include every variety of known consumable, ranging from common vegetables to anomalous cuisine. The absolute quantity of stored food does not deplete even when withdrawals are made, however SCP-343 encourages humanity to create and consume existing foods whenever possible and only use these facilities when absolutely necessary.

@@ @@

Resurrected individuals were congregated into places of worship upon resurrection. Separated by groups of common cause of death. SCP-343 presented to each group information regarding the current state of the world, and its current course of action as a part of SCP-9743.

Subsequent to this orientation, SCP-343 projected a mental message to every resurrected person in the world. The exact wording is personalised, relating to the individual's time and cause of death.

A resurrected group including those who had perished as a result of being assigned as D-class personnel directly asked for the location of remaining operational sites and areas owned by the Foundation. This group, hereafter referred to as the Resurrected D-Class  Henceforth referred to as RDCs  would subsequently stage a popular revolt and riot en masse against several facilities worldwide.

RDC protestors attracted attention to civilians, encouraging media outlets to expose the existence of the Foundation to the general public. Some RDCs have used wishes to receive equipment or abilities required to directly attack or infiltrate Foundation sites. As of the Second Day, all breaching attempts have failed due to the robust nature of site defences. All facilities which contain SCP objects are to remain in emergency lockdown, using all means necessary to ensure the continued containment of remaining anomalies.

Populations across the world, particularly in areas with limited existing religious infrastructure, have established new places of worship as a result of SCP-343's actions. These typically take the form of christian churches  It is noted that places of worship with a different layout from christian churches such as Mosques also suffice , including the following items:

* Pews, or seating arranged in rows

* An altar, facing the pews.

* A podium, adjacent to the altar

* A distinct boundary, either in the form of a surrounding building or demarcation of the ground

* Religious symbols, or other idols of worship sufficient to generate Akiva radiation

Study of the success of these new churches has resulted in efforts by Foundation staff to create sufficient places of worship, where they do not already exist, to manifest a secondary body of SCP-343 and provide access to information and wishes that may counteract the ongoing breaching attempts by RDCs as a last resort due to loss of communications with leadership.

## **Day 2 Interviews:**

JUSTICE FOR THE PEOPLE! JUSTICE FOR THE DOWNTRODDEN!

The SCP Foundation are MURDERERS! We were SLAVES TO THEIR SYSTEM! No more. Fuck them!  These so called "protectors of the human race".

You hear that, folks? They KILL people like us! People that just wanted help! We just wanted a home, food and water to live! And what do they do? They MAIM us! They brutalize our bodies as nothing more than playthings against whatever they send at us! Whether it's their own employees or god knows what, they deemed us nothing. We're humans! We deserve respect and treatment like everyone else!

You know how many evil people end up in Death Row? How many of them actually end up in these prisons that deserve to die?! Not a lot! That was a FUCKING lie they told us! There just isn’t enough evil people in this world to throw at the wall just to see what sticks!

You know what’s worse?! They never buried us! Just burnt our corpses and swept the ashes away like trash!

God thinks some of them are good, but they still have to answer for what they’ve done! For the crimes they committed against humanity!

WE WILL GET JUSTICE! YOU HEAR US?! YOU GODDAMN BASTARDS!

~ Owen Beester, Leader of RDC Protestors at Site-17

Hey there. You’ve been pretty busy interviewing people huh? From talking to professors teaching cavemen on how to adapt to the modern world to GOC pencil pushers how they feel about their offices turning into fridges.

Sounds more fun than being holed up here, just... waiting for people to lynch us. I know people can’t die from violence but humans are frighteningly creative when it comes to torture, I’m sure they’ll figure out something.

Oh, how do I know about you interviewing people? I asked SCP-343 in the cafeteria…well church. That and word gets around SCiPnet.

I got assigned here with a couple of guys to ask questions regarding what happened with the current SCPs. I’m not even specialized in Tactical Theology, I’m a freaking biologist for goodness sake! But I guess this is what happens when you’re short staffed. One thing that I thought was pretty interesting is what happened to 682.

He told me that it’s in deep space. Really deep space.

He contained it in the strongest material possible threefold, with oxygen and food to last many millenniums. He can’t kill it at all, so he just stuck it in a box that constantly evolves faster than the thing and just let it float for eternity.

He told me that it’s still screaming while he answered the question…which is pretty scary.

If it ever does break out, it'll be lost because earth is so far far away.

It will be like swimming in the ocean to find land but millions to billions times as vast.

At least, that’s what he told me.

There’s also other stuff the guys asked.

Sigurrós got turned into a normal baby for some reason.

The other gods from different pantheons got really pissed that they're not the actual gods of the world, but God said that they're still gods. Just not the actual creators of the world.

There’s the also the fellow employees that got revived with three random hotties that won't stop following them. Those guys are...weird, they don't have any free will and just want to be there for the person that got revived. Some of them keep them around because of "guilt" but most have asked God to give them their own agency. They sometimes get really personal if you ask them about them, sometimes risking being evil just to get the point across to not ask about it.

Aside from that, I asked the main question that everyone’s wondering. What the heck is happening to all the evil people in the world?

You know what he did? He smiled and said “You’ll see.”

~ June April, Foundation Anomalous Biohazard Researcher.

---

# Day 3

**Day 3 Update to 9743-Protocol:** The DC Council has mandated that all resources allocated towards counteracting SCP-9743 and the actions of GodFormerly referred to as SCP-343. are to be reassigned. The primary function of the Foundation for the duration of SCP-9743 is to assist in its continuation by any available means. Dissent amongst Foundation staff is to be prosecuted as insubordination, and the perpetrators will be subjected to parapsychological analysis.

Remaining site staff and former directorates are to cooperate fully with, and provide training to, oncoming DC Site Directors in operations of their site's facilities to prioritise efficiency. Remaining members of the Foundation Ethics Committee are to further cooperate with the newly formed DC Council and inform them of the duties and responsibilities of the previous O5 Council.

The use of designation numbers for sentient contained anomalies, especially those of the Special Containment Procedures group, is to be greatly reduced in favour of the preferred names of the anomaly in question. Non-sentient anomalies with existing bynames may be referred to as such. This edict has been issued by the DC Council as a stopgap measure to improve the treatment of wrongfully contained entities while measures to release them into the general populace are under discussion.

@@ @@

At 04:00, 2000-01-03, a thaumically enhanced nuclear device was launched into the stratosphere from an unknown location. Once reaching peak altitude, the device rapidly duplicated itself over the course of several seconds, before the newly replicated warheads were propelled in the direction of every church worldwide. This is presumed to have been an attempt on God’s existence, with the secondary objective of destroying every instance of SCP-9743-1.

Before impact, every warhead was intercepted by God’s copies in flight, who proceeded to transform them into various lepidopteranButterflies and moths species.

God has declared that the attack was perpetrated by O5-1 and D.C. Al Fine, formerly of the SCP Foundation and Global Occult Coalition respectively. They had designed a novel Eigenweapon specifically to totally annihilate pistiphagic pluripotent entities, such as himself.

In response, God disabled security measures for Foundation sites which remained on lockdown, entering Site-01 accompanied by RDCs. A universal surrender of Foundation staff was confirmed within minutes, citing overwhelming odds and no further escape plans. This included the remaining O5-13, found within a bunker several miles below the site.

O5-13 was interrogated personally by God, inquiring as to the location of O5-1. This did not meet with success, owing to personal contingency plans developed by O5-1 for scenarios in which the majority of the O5 Council becomes compromised. O5-13 did reveal that O5-1 had gone into hiding shortly after the creation of SCP-9743-1, potentially using experimental technology to escape without capture. The current whereabouts of O5-1 remain unknown, alongside D.C. Al Fine, renegade Foundation personnel, and other representatives of veiled groups of interest.

O5-13 was further interrogated by RDC Leader Owen Beester. This was assisted in part with psionic abilities granted to Beester through the use of wishes to God, and has been admitted as evidence against the former overseer.

It has been concluded that O5-13 is not responsible for crimes committed by the O5 Council, owing to having only being elevated to the O5 council within the last 2 years. God has affirmed that O5-13 is not considered "evil" at the current time.

The crimes of the O5 Council are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, as investigation is ongoing, and may be expanded in future.

* Embezzlement of funds for personal projects

* Non-consentual use of amnestics on staff and civilians

* Forcible relocation of several communities, cited as protection

* Responsible for crimes committed by subordinates

* Entrapment of anomalous individuals and D Class personnel,

* The continued approval to abuse D Class for experimentation which results in pain, injury, or death

 

The DC Council has cited O5-13 being complicit with the above as grounds to overrule the judgement that he is not "evil".

<details>
<summary>REDACTED BY THE DC COUNCIL</summary>

---

Despite already being judged as "Evil", the DC Council elected to seek further retribution against O5-13 for perceived crimes against humanity. God approved their actions, restricting any instance of SCP-9743-1 from approaching the overseer for the duration.

Owen Beester of the DC Council used their acquired telepathic abilities to puppeteer O5-13's body. Despite momentary struggle resulting in painful muscle spasms in the overseer, Beester was able to obtain full control and command O5-13 to enter the site's incinerator room. Beester placed themself directly within an incinerator unit, before commanding O5-13 to activate it. The pain of immolation was deferred to O5-13, who was rendered temporarily incoherent by the experience. Restrained SCP Personnel were forced to observe as O5-13 screamed and thrashed across the floor. Pain from the incinerator was negated for Beester as expected, however they were able to receive O5-13's experience through the ongoing psionic link. This caused an escalating feedback loop for the full two minute duration.

The RDCs intervened to deactivate the incinerator afterwards, and recovered a badly burned Owen Beester from the incinerator. They were subsequently healed to full bodily health by the wish-acquired abilities of a fellow RDC leader.

At this time, O5-13 cried and begged for forgiveness. This was ignored by both the DC Council and God. The latter determined that the overseer had been sufficiently punished, and directed an instance of SCP-9743-1 to capture them.

When questioned if Owen Beester is “Evil” by SCP Personnel, God stated that this is justified due to O5-13 neglecting the crimes made by the O5 Council.

---

</details>

At this time, all members of the former Overwatch Council have been terminated, with the exception of O5-1.

Due to the current vacancy of critical staff roles, including the majority of leadership positions, within the Foundation, the RDCs has opened negotiations with Foundation staff who were compliant to the change in leadership. The RDCs recognized the Foundation's limitless resources and thus are willing to collaborate with remaining Foundation personnel, provided they adhere to their demands.

With their greater population, RDCs will assume responsibility for positions left vacant by those terminated during SCP-9743, with necessary training provided by existing staff. In addition to existing responsibilities, all staff are to work towards the declassification and dissemination of information pertaining to the Foundation's actions against public interest. Furthermore, the RDCs and the Foundation will collaborate to assist the planet post SCP-9743.

Thus, the Foundation has agreed to assist.

While already existing as a leading body, this negotiation formally commissioned the DC Council as the new leading party of the Foundation.

At 16:00, 2000-1-3, The DC Council officially broke the veil with a worldwide broadcast, transmitted to television and radio. Owen Beester, along with other RDCs, have worn orange clothing as a sign of legacy, with some keeping their original D-Class prisoner jumpsuits. A transcript has been included below. Direct footage is present within the Foundation's media archives, and has been made available to all clearance levels.

**<Begin Transcript>**

Hello. I, like the many others you see here, have been forgotten by society, castaways of a world that has long abandoned us. We, clad in these orange garments, were subjected to anguish that we did not deserve. We did no harm to them, but they already have done harm to you. Your safety *was* the least of the SCP Foundation's concerns.  

The SCP Foundation was an organization that focused on containing anomalies and hid the anomalous from what the public called "normal". They protected the public for decades on end, some even farther back with time travel.

That's right. Time travel exists, the *anomalous* exists, *magic* is real. You already met God and asked him questions regarding what else is out there. Needless to say, this is the most honest truth you will hear in this day moving forward.

They claimed that their mission was for humanity's safety, they were lying. In reality, they were nothing more than a fascist police state that was akin to a secret evil empire. Dictating anything abnormal as an anomalous entity and hiding it away without a second thought with them swallowing the key so they will never see the light of day. That includes humans like us, it's a prison designed for greater malice than any imagination of the worst torturers there are.

They have been controlling the world through their secret influences to manipulate both normalcy and the anomalous. With governments and bodies of power subject to the Foundation's whims to enact crimes against humanity for the sake of science. There have been countless atrocities made by their callousness such as the Indian Tsunami of 2004.  

They have murdered countless innocents in their goal while masking it to be morally gray. Such as us, we were called D-Class subjects, D as in Disposable even if they didn't state it outright. We were used as lab rats against the more dangerous anomalies, to be torn apart and gored just to see the results and do it all again with no regard for who we are.

There are countless anomalies in wrongful containment as well, innocent humans that wield powers who are imprisoned just because they were deemed as abnormalities. It also reaches into the employees they recruit, families that can't remember their favorite person, researchers that became subject to madness, children having lost their childhood.

And that's just the surface, there will be available documents to read that will be released to the public once this speech is complete. While God is still here, feel free to ask him questions regarding this.

With that said, the Foundation is an evil entity that is actively malicious despite their prospects. However, that is the OLD Foundation. The new Foundation led by us, will be a force of good that will assist God and humanity rather than hinder it. To share the technology and research and improve the world.

I, like many others, were full of rage when we came back to discover that we were nothing more than ashes to sweep against the floor. But that rage has now since been turned into determination, an energy to help everyone in need with what we've been given.  

We reclaim the color that once imprisoned us. To now be a symbol of change with the Foundation. The change that the world needed like what God is doing.

That will be all. We are in God's debt.

**<End Transcript>**

  

@@ @@

## Day 3 Interviews:

Yo it's Joshua here, though folks call me Jesus. You can call me whatever the H you want! I'm here with Jesus, Jesus, and- Jesus would you look at that! It’s Jesus.

I'm guessing you get the picture, lotta sons of God to go around at the moment. People have been wishing for a lot of different things, so it makes sense some'd ask for me to come back and give 'em some guidance. Only problem is nobody can agree on what I'm like! I think you're seeing what I'm saying. Or at the least you're seeing a lot of Jesuses! ...Jesi? Jesopodes? Lotta Joshes.

Sure there are some... heated debates, about whose Jesus is the 'real' one. Father says we are all real, and in His omniscience we have faith. Though is a heptabidozenity any less believable than a trinity? Stuff like this makes our head hurt. Speaking of which, meet…us!

We got Jesuses that make wine from water, we got Jesuses that can show you the holes in his hands, I think I heard about one going on the first transatlantic jog? Good luck Jesus! As for me? I'm just a carpenter's boy really. A real every-man. I think the guy who wished for me was looking for the most 'historically accurate' Jesus. Not sure how close he got because I kinda showed up knowing English right off the bat. Anyway I gotta thank the guy, he showed me the internet and gave me some room to adjust to the last couple millennia.

People have said that I should have an existential crisis over existing out of “nothing” but I don’t really care about that. Being alive is pretty nice.

Well anyway, thanks everyone for coming. I know meeting in a Jollibee's isn't ideal. I wanted to discuss how we should handle the people who wished for us to be here. Specifically what people have been doing with their wishes overall.

Father's only going to be with us until His work is done, and it's already day three! People need to use this time smartly, right?

But before we focus on the negatives, let’s focus on the positives.

We're not the only group of people to pop up out of thin air this week. Lots of good souls from beyond the grave needin' houses built. I know a lotta y'all're slumming it in Bethlehem right now, if it's anything like Nazareth then I'm betting you're thankful for all the new high-rises putting people up 'til the new construction's finished. Father has seen to it that there will always be materials so folks won't have to be sharing rooms forever. Everything’s replenishable! Trees, Mines, Factories. Almost everything that produces anything!

That way people won’t have to share rooms as much! I know I value my privacy as much as anyone. Actually now I think about it, isn't it kinda a problem if trees keep regrowing? Gonna be hard to build anything on that kinda land. Eh, we'll figure it out.

Though I guess not everyone needs to worry. A few people of the more... paleolithic persuasion are happy enough getting their tribe on in the woodlands and the odd stadium. Oh man, I wonder if the Hannibal Cavemen are still around? Could totally do a promo thing.

Must be weird for them. Actually it's weird for a lotta people right? World's got all kinds of new stuff in it these days. From trans people, to furries, to trans furries! Most of everyone who didn’t get caught by those hands are pretty accepting and welcoming people. It's so good to see people living freely these days without fear of being shunned for how they choose to live their lives. Hey is enby Jesus here? Yes! You rock! Not sure I can say the same for those that came back though. I hope those from the more subdued eras won't try to cling to the 'old ways' too hard.

Anyway, I don't think those kinda revived folk are evil or anything. That was just the style at the time right? It’s the influence of the environment and negative beliefs reinforced in their era. Father told them all to reign it in with the prejudice and stuff and I think they're sticking to it, but I'm kinda worried they're just doing it out of fear rather than loving their fellow dudes.

Guess once the week is up it'll fall to all of us to help people stick with the program. Though I do wonder what Father’s program is gonna be.

~ Joshua ben Joseph, Jesus Christ #47, Son of God.

Welcome to our new office! Lovely speech right? Had that cooking up while Owen was too busy making his suit look pretty for the camera. Who knew these pricks who made us do the weirdest shit had such fancy decor. They really were that ignorant, mainly because this marble bust costs more than all the organs in my body.

...You know they left me with a toaster for so long that it made me think I was a toaster? I died stuffing bread into my mouth for no reason! And they did it just to see what would happen! And they did it again and again to all of us! They didn't care who we were, they just needed lab rats even if the results are going to be predictably fatal.

*(Sigh)* But that doesn’t matter, because they’re dead. And we are the new dogs with the new keys! …or whatever that prison movie quote was.

So, how did God know about the nukes if he didn’t know where O5-1 was?

Well he’s omniscient, just because he spent time in his room doesn’t mean that he’s unaware of everything that’s happening in the world. He constantly spied on everything that worried him. Doomsday events like plagues, wars, monsters. Just to make sure earth didn't shit the bed. Though when I asked why SCP-2000 is a thing, the machine that resetted earth I think, he stated that it actually didn't work so he had to intervene at one point to make sure humanity didn't die horribly when he's eventually gone. Which I suppose means he thought about planning this event in the first place when that happened, even if it's not going perfectly.

He also looked at stuff that’s meant to kill him or something like him.

Sure he could’ve destroyed them preemptively, but I think he destroyed them right on the spot to show that despite him being strong, he cares for us and wants to show it. He can't die, like at all. They're still bombs and the explosions would still destroy the landscape, so he made sure they wouldn't.

So what did he do with the surviving O5 member? Don’t worry about that, we dealt with it. Trust us, he deserved what he got. It was only inevitable that he got caught.

As for my leadership credentials? Well…I was class president since kinder up to college…. until I had that drunk driving accident. But, and this is very important, just because I’m not a conventional leader...does NOT disqualify me. I’m still willing to put in the effort like the rest of us who got picked by Owen to be part of the council. If God trusts me to help humanity moving on once He's gone? I'm taking that.

I really do want to make the world a better place. It's inherent in all of us. Why wouldn't you want to take that opportunity if you could?

Look, we freed the rest of our fellow D Class. And we’re going to dedicate our research of the weird to something better. Something more than just securing, containing or protecting. They could’ve done so much more with the limitless technology and magic they had…and they just never helped the world. They just let the world burn and stagnate if it meant hiding away everything that would’ve made it much more special.

Which is why we established this group. We are the DC Council, and we will do better.

~ Zola Rattus, DC-4, DC Council Member.

*Uhh can anyone who knows their stuff to fix this forced blank space? I'm new here and I dunno how to fix whatever this is. Nobody on the team is having any luck so we might as well pass it over to someone more competent.*

 This is a message to all remaining members of the SCP Foundation. I am O5-1. We take it to be obvious that SCP-343 cannot be allowed to continue on its course. Despite its statements there is too much evidence that it poses a risk to humanity. Our species has been constantly plagued with “visionaries” for their ideal version of the world. From dictators promoting eugenics, to cult leaders that talk of hell disguised as heaven. There are eldritch beings that wish to scorch the earth to bring about their “new” world, with many blind sheep willing to follow to their own doom. It all starts with good intentions, but the road to hell is paved with them.

You've seen it allow torture against those they deem evil, which horrified many of you. What happens when they change the definition of good and evil into something yet more twisted? What happens when they decide that you're evil without cause?

Thus we cannot allow this.  

You are hereby instructed to defect from the tyranny of the DC Council, and seek refuge with the Dimensional Travel Team at Site-62. An advanced Eigenweapon is being developed in an extradimensional refuge with which we shall put an end to SCP-343’s current actions. Upon receiving this message, you will be given a temporary closed psychic channel with which you may alert your fellow comrades. If and when we eliminate SCP-343, we shall reinstate the rule of law. Any traitors to the mission will be dealt with accordingly.

Humanity will be free. Secure. Contain. Protect. 

---

# Day 4

**Day 4 Update to 9743-Protocol:** All mobile task force units with training in handling anomalous animal life, both marine and terrestrial, and Foundation cryptobotonists are to assist the civilian population in managing the elevated population of uncategorised and previously extinct life. Though nonhostile to humanity, such lifeforms pose a continued competition risk for space and resources proportional to population size. Protection of key Foundation infrastructure and civilian settlements is the current highest priority.

The Foundation Department of Anomalous Weapons Development are to work with civilian and formerly veiled arms manufacturers to improve upon currently available and permitted weapons technology. The results of this study are to be made public unless otherwise barred by God.

MTF Lambda-9 ("Mind over Matter") has begun investigating cases of missing Personnel within Site-62 linked to suspicious psionic energy readings. God has chosen to assist through a secondary body.

@@ @@

Following the events of the previous day of SCP-9743, God has confiscated all highly destructive weapons technology currently available to humanity, with the stated reason being to prevent it from destroying itself.

Technologies such as:

* Nuclear Bombs

* Pathogenic bioweapons

* Conventional explosive ordinance

* Combustion weapons

* Thanatovoric, parapsychological, ontokinetic, and other thaumatological Eigenweapon technologies

...have been rendered nonfunctional. If devices using any of the listed technologies are constructed, they will degrade at an accelerated rate, resulting in immediate functionality loss, and the complete transformation into inert dust within hours. The creation of such devices with malicious intent is grounds for an "evil" designation, and capture by an instance of SCP-9743-1.

God continues to permit the use of other weapons technologies, even if otherwise enhanced to equivalent destructive power, for the express use of combating the above. "Blessed" weaponry has also been contributed to the Foundation with this intention.

Mobile task forces are to be equipped with anomalously enhanced weapons as soon as possible, with experts from taskforces already specialising in paraweaponry being assigned to train other units in enhanced combat techniques suitable for countering future anomalous threats that may arise. The construction of armed support vehicles using allowed technologies is underway.

@@ @@

At 07:30, 2000-1-4, a meeting was held between the DC Council and God. Concerns were raised amongst the DC Council regarding as to why weapons are still needed if the world is intended to become peaceful, as this only serves to maintain the Foundation’s sense of paranoia in a world in which wished abilities, weapons, and advanced thaumaturgy are readily available.

God responded by way of revealing an as-yet unprocessed O5 document, which proposed a theory of the source of anomalies.

This theory posits that anomalies exist at the external boundary of the universe, where conventional reality breaks down and allows for the creation of objects which violate the natural order. These in turn create ripple effects throughout sensible space, impacting the shape of the collective unconscious of sapient beings and allowing for echoes of the original anomaly to be created by thinking creatures.

Consequently, inhabited planets have an innate pull towards the anomalous, with the highest incidence rate being found on Earth.

Upon comprehension of the document, God stated that the theory is both true and false. Anomalies are present at the edge of the universe, but this is not the only source. Anomalies can also appear naturally elsewhere in the universe. Earth, while being God’s first successful planet, is not the centre of the universe, and various planets across the universe have a similar rate of extraordinary events.

The DC Council then inquired as to why God allows anomalies to exist in the first place, citing their disruption of intended harmony. God reports that due to the innate rules of the universe, anomalies are an inevitability. Owen BeesterDC-1 asked for further details, prompting God to state that He did not create the universe, He was merely the first to inhabit it.

Returning to the topic of defence, the presence of extraterrestrial threats to Earth was confirmed by God to already be within the managing capability of the Foundation, however extrauniversal threats are beyond the scope of God's ability to prepare. Thus, the Foundation must prepare for them instead, alongside contending with any anomalies that will naturally occur after the end of SCP-9743.

This concluded the meeting.

@@ @@

Due to a high number of wishes regarding the resurrection of nonsapient extinct species, God has chosen to create a stable breeding population of every distinct species that has previously existed on earth, but has since been driven to extinction. This includes anomalous species not previously known by the Foundation. Each population consists of six hundred individuals, with an even split between males and females.This has also been applied to eusocial animals which typically have a more extreme sex disparity, monogendered species, and those which were not known to have any form of sexual dimorphism prior to this event.

Due to the sudden and extreme overpopulation of earth's landmass, God subsequently created airborne landmasses in fixed locations above all major oceans to house the resurrected species. Each appears as a small island from the exterior, however entrance onto the island reveals each has an interior measurement comparable to full continents.

While these landmasses are not closed to humanity, God encourages humans to persist only on the previously established continents in order to safeguard the new species. Wilson's Wildlife Solutions and civilian specialists have nevertheless established a presence on these landmasses in order to care for the millions of newly resurrected species.

@@ @@

During God's mission to bring back extinct non sentient lifeforms, The DC-Council has released every “harmless” SCP from containment.

While hostile SCPs are rendered passive by God, many still pose a threat to human life due to their hazardous environmental effects. Accordingly, only SCPs that do not pose a risk to human life have been released to allow for the allocation of resources towards maintaining containment of more dangerous SCP entities.

What constitutes an anomaly as “harmless” is as follows:

If an SCP does not actively harm surrounding life beyond the behaviours of similar animals, is amiable and well-mannered, and does not pose an inherent risk to its immediate area (such as radiological hazards), then they may be released into their native habitat. If the anomaly is human, near-human, or a fully sentient non-human, they are to be assisted in their transition to civilian life by Foundation specialists once released from custody.

## Day 4 Interviews:

 

I want to make one thing abundantly clear before we start. Whatever our past with the Foundation may be, that is behind us. We recognised the crimes they were committing through us and cut our ties. We're all just civilians here, and we will stay that way.

Yesterday I asked if I had false memories. I always had the sense something was off but I was never sure. Until now. I was employed by the Foundation for fifteen years of my life, filing task force records. Watching and cataloguing what they do on and off duty. Watching for dissent.

I was given clairvoyance, assigned to specific units that were secretly troublesome. I knew everything that was cut. All of the crimes they committed on the job.

The things those people did... It disgusts me. I feel sick just remembering it. These people are seen as heroes, and I'm ashamed that I cleaned up after their messes. Just to maintain that clean image.

Paramilitary soldiers tend to be unhinged, if you didn't know. Wouldn't have been rejected from military recruitment otherwise. Usually too unstable or sadistic. The Foundation gave them drugs or something to stabilize them when it was time to work. Even then someone slips up and shoots an innocent whenever it's too inconvenient to deal with them. "Protecting the Veil", they'd justify it.

Doesn't matter if O5 Command believed them or not. All that matters is they stayed useful.

I remember one time... Right before I quit, one of them learned about me and what I knew. They dug up pictures of my family and made sure I knew about what they'd do if I didn't keep my mouth shut. That was it for me. I needed out.

They pumped me full of drugs and fed me a bunch of lies, but even then I always felt followed. If it wasn't for God I'd still be paranoid. Biggest sigh of relief I've ever had, probably ever will have.

I asked if there were more people like me, and He told me there were. There were so many people like me. I wished to meet with them, I wanted to explain what had happened to them because I know what it feels like to be in that position. Some have joined us, seeking to find out the truth of their past. I always ask if they're certain of course, I don't want to ever subject someone to something they wanted to forget, but I believe it's better to know.

And in those meetings we made a discovery. We call it "Memory Rot". Overuse of amnestics causes it, all those fried neurons stay around like a tumor. It's similar enough to cancer that most doctors wouldn't question the difference. The Foundation knew though, they'd just keep on going until there were more dead cells than living until there's nothing left worth the investment.

We're cured of it now though, thank God. It's just one more horror story of what the Foundation is. Showing us that they will wipe the blood from their hands over and over again without a second thought. I doubt they even care where it comes from anymore.

Of course we're not just ex-Foundation. Many people have lost memories one way or another, either by one time anomalies or another group.

You know it's funny, after I learned what I'd done I thought He would cast me out. Tell me I was evil, for being complicit in all that. He told me that it was someone else. I suppose he's right, with fifteen years rewritten I'm basically a different person entirely, and I want to be better than the me that I was before.

I wonder if that's why He removed that sort of stuff from the Foundation? If it's a loophole for escaping from His plan? You can't be evil if you don't ever remember your crimes right? Good riddance, people should face the consequences of their actions.

Sure, I think sometimes I would be happier if I didn't know what I had done, but you can only work towards being a better person if you know what you've done wrong.

You won't ever forget what you've done, it'll always haunt you for the rest of your life. But at the same time, you can pave the way to a better future where you can comfort those who suffered the same as you.

So they know, nobody suffers alone.

--Peter Maus, founder of Amnestics Anonymous.

For the first time in my life…I was scared!

Everyone used to be so scared of me! I would jump out and give them the fright of their lives!

But ever since they let me out of my room and told me that I was free…people laugh at me! Thinking I’m...funny! They would ask me to transform into things for fun! While yes I do this for a good laugh, it’s not as fun if they’re not afraid of me! I gave up after my third attempt of terror, I just let them take humiliating pictures of me…

When they were done, I was met with a person that was sent from the DC Council. They took me to a place where there were others like me, others that were “peculiar” and considered harmless. I’m not harmless! I’m the great Ro-Man! Though I don’t want to hurt anybody, just a good scare for a quick laugh.

They taught us how to navigate this new world we were unfamiliar with. How to be polite, how to use modern technology, how to ensure others that they were safe around us. We were told that we were wonders that the Foundation hid away to make the world less wonderful.

It made me…unsure. I thought Dr. Louef was my friend. I can’t even talk to him about why he lied to me since he’s gone now. I don’t even know what “gone” means despite it being described to me. I’m not used to these complex emotions, it’s too strange.  

Oh well, I shouldn’t discuss this depressing revelation. I should talk about positive things like they taught me! Like how I’m planning to be a better monster!

 

I have went to a library to learn how to be more scary, that’s where the humans go when they need to learn how to stop frightening creatures such as I! And behold what I wield! The Book of Phobias! There’s just one problem…I don’t know how to read. So I went for the alternative!

I asked for films involving scary things! I asked for the scariest movies they ever had! They asked me if I was 18+, I said I didn't understand the equation. So they instead gave me this, “Monsters Inc.”

Time to learn how to be scary from the experts!

~Ro-Man, formerly known as SCP-2006

@@ @@

**Addendum 9743.1:** Investigation of Dimensional Anomaly

As a result of SCP-9743, more specifically due to the mass removals of those deemed "evil" from society, several Foundation facilities that were not high priority were rendered inoperable and rapidly abandoned. A volunteer force of Foundation personnel was dispatched to return one such facility, namely Site-62, to working order. This expedition coincided with a minor psionic fluctuation wave, which was assumed to be correlated to a breach of containment by an anomaly at the abandoned site.

Contact could not be established with the volunteer team, prompting investigation by specialists assigned to Mobile Task Force Lambda-9 ("Mind Over Matter"). Following cursory examination over Site-62, it was determined that the psychic signal originated from behind a false wall in the administrative wing of the facility. This investigation revealed a previously undocumented dimensional anomaly in the form of a stable thaumaturgic gateway. The following operation was performed in collaboration between MTF Lambda-9 and MTF Xi-5 ("Newton's Bullies"), as well as God who elected to accompany the operation due to the identified potential for the fugitive O5-1 to be present within the anomaly.

## **Mission Log L9X5-9743-1**

**Present assets:**

* Mobile Task Force Lambda-9 ("Mind Over Matter"), present to counteract psionic hazards present within the anomaly. Single unit of four agents.,

* Mobile Task Force Xi-5 ("Newton's Bullies"), present due to specialised training in navigating extrauniversal locations. Single unit of four agents.,

* God, observing.

**Foreword:** Despite only having two days of training, combined task forces are to investigate the dimensional anomaly with the primary objective of securing O5-1 and returning them to Foundation custody for trial. The secondary objective is to locate and extract the missing volunteer force.

The presence of God is in an observational and advisory capacity only, however should extraordinary conditions arise that are beyond the combined task force's ability to contend, it is authorised to act as necessary to ensure mission success.

**[BEGIN LOG]**

**X5-1:** Equipment check.

All members of the team confirm that their equipment is functional.

**X5-3:** Damn it's heavy...

**X5-1:** Shut it, you know what you signed up for.

**God:** Check!

X5-1 sees that God has given itself the same equipment MTF L9X5 possesses.

**X5-1:** Why…wear that? You don’t even need those.

**God:** Why not? It is gratifying to wear it, and I would feel quite silly wearing a suit compared to your armor.

**X5-1:** Fair enough. Everyone good?

All members hesitate before giving confirmation.

MTF L9X5 approach the Dimensional Anomaly.

**X5-1:** Open the rift!

X5-2 produces a Dimensional ScalpelA curved dagger designed to forcibly reopen closed extradimensional spaces, previously used to combat the Serpent's Hand. and approaches the anomaly. The scalpel is inserted, but cannot be moved

**X5-2:** It’s stuck!

X5-2 struggles until God intervenes.

**God:** Allow me gentlemen.

God intervenes to assist with the dimensional opening, though visibly struggles. After several seconds, X5-2 is able to gain leverage with the scalpel, and the two manage to open the portal.

**God:** (Panting) That was something I haven’t felt in a long time.

MTF L9X5 are visibly surprised.

They enter through the portal and are transported to an extrauniversal space, hereafter referred to as Nexus 9743-A. The landscape is hyperbolic, branching off into fractal-like and overlapping geometric shapes. The sky is a purple haze, with rainbows bending into unknown forms of design.

The entrance point is a patch of “grass” that is illuminated with non-chromatic colors, X5-1 reaches forwards to stop L9-4 from falling off the edge due to the limited space of their area. Below the landscape is a hypnotic spiral, all units divert their attention immediately.

**L9-1:** Psi readings are all over the place, we’re practically blind here.

**X5-1:** I don't trust our equipment will be good to handle in this environment, teleportation seems risky with how limited the space is. Shit...they didn't cover this in training.

**God:** Give me but a moment. I will see where they are.

God's form shifts into 3 rings of light, elevating upwards and expanding rapidly.

**X5-3:** A-are we really going to do this? We barely know what we're doing.

**X5-1:** God trusts us alright? We have to help him out, not the other way around.

**X5-3:** Trust isn't enough. ...You know that right?

X5-1 approaches X5-3, jabbing a finger into his chest.

**X5-1:** Watch your tone.

All L9X5 members remain silent. After 15 minutes God descends and returns to his base form.

**God:** They have hidden themselves quite cleverly. I will grant them that.

**L9-1:** Uhh...We could track for a lack of psionic readings, if they hid themselves then their psionic energies would be hidden as well.

**X5-1:** Look out for deviations from dimensional standards, they’re bound to have made an outpost with materials from earth. Anything that sticks out like a sore thumb.

**God:** Gentlemen, it is a long search ahead of us.

God manifests a helicopter with sufficient capacity for the squad.

**God:** We shall ride!

**[END LOG]**

---

# Day 5

**Day 5 Update to 9743-Protocol:** Renovation efforts are underway across Site Facilities and Civilian Power Plants due to various explosions and fires caused by an excess of oxygen created by God’s now reverted changes. Mobile task forces are to be deployed regarding escaped dangerous SCP entities from containment.

Methods of transportation which do not rely upon fossil fuel use are to be improved upon to hasten logistics.

The DC Council are currently collaborating with financial advisors on how to manage the “Wasted Effort Movement” worldwide due to the erasure of items with perceived monetary value.

Technology research has begun to find or create alternative materials to Gold, Silver and Diamonds to replace electronics and equipment currently missing their essential parts to function.

@@ @@

Activity from SCP-9743-1 instances has decreased due to the overall population of “evil” on earth having dropped significantly. Surviving “evil” humans that had previously escaped judgement by hiding within underground bunkers, nexuses, or away from Earth have been discovered.

Leaders within these groups that attempted to hide have been subjected to trial by the DC Council. Those that were "evil" who were discovered before subsequent capture by SCP-9743-1 instances have been subject to public trial by civilians. With God present as judge to dictate what punishment is permitted.

Public trials are typically followed by celebrations lead by the "True Believers", typically involving the punishment of the "evil" as a part of the proceedings.

@@ @@

God, in an attempt to restore the atmosphere to its state prior to the industrial revolution (beginning 1760), altered the chemistry of combustion. Where previously oxidation would occur to carbon atoms contained in certain materials to produce carbon monoxide and dioxide, carbon was instead allowed to fuse into oxygen in the presence of existing combustion chambers.

This resulted in atmospheric oxygen increasing sharply within industrial sectors and heavily used roadways. Oxygen toxicity was experienced by several thousand people within the span of the next few hours, with smaller animals frequently perishing due to the effect. This coincided with frequent reports of large industrial fires and high energy explosions originating from coal and oil power plants, each of which would have constituted the worst industrial incident of the past decade.

God has since reverted the condition of affected areas to the state immediately prior to these changes, including the resurrection of all lifeforms killed as a consequence. He apologized publicly for the blunder.

Instead, combustion is now nonfunctional within existing vehicles and infrastructure pending a compromise solution. This has increased the demand of goods from God-established factories, as conventional human-built infrastructure is rendered nonfunctional. These inoperable vehicles and infrastructure are to be recycled and repurposed respectively.

It has further been discovered that animal life is incapable of producing methane, with the expected chemical reaction instead producing various chemical compounds that are considered to be useful. Monitoring for global reports of gastrointestinal distress as a result of internal pressure is ongoing.

@@ @@

Two hours after the cessation of previous modifications, God implemented a new change to human society. Items of intrinsic or token monetary value have been confiscated and destroyed. This includes all currencies, cryptocurrencies, and common exchange goods. Due to the commodity-backed nature of several world currencies, gold and silver have also been destroyed.

This caused immediate global economic collapse, as society restructured around both conventional goods barter systems and labour bartering. The vast majority of organisations cannot sustain either system, and have suffered strikes and labour shortages pending an acceptable form of payment that does not violate the rule against currency. This includes, in addition to standard companies, hospitals, airlines, and normalcy preservation organisations.Due to the high level of risk inherent to work behind the veil, organisations such as the Foundation traditionally offer a highly competitive salary. Protestors within these strikes have been identified as coming from origins of poverty or financial struggle.

The minority of companies that are still in operation maintain productivity through employee loyalty or alternative payment structures, and are in the process of negotiating service exchanges with other companies to resume regular operations. Of note, pharmaceutical suppliers have been contacted by previously sub-veil laboratories to improve distribution in exchange for information regarding anomalous chemistry. As the person of interest known as dado has had no known requirement for payment previously, they are expected to become one of the world's new "richest" people by this method.

Surviving companies who create products for the purposes of profit are experiencing instability within the work force. Some state that the lack of currency means that they can pursue products purely made from genuine passion, while others state that there is no purpose in creating products without payment equivalent to the effort added in return.

Items of greater sentimental value that would otherwise be perceived as currency have been preserved, including personal coin collections and antique currencies displayed at museums. This does not extend to electronic and surgical equipment that previously used gold or silver for sanitary or conductivity reasons. While wishes have been made subsequently for replacement technology, there remains a severe supply shortage for pacemakers and similar devices. Research into replicating technology manifested by said wishes has been ordered pending the conclusion of SCP-9743.

## Day 5 Interviews:

You wanna ask why I’m risking all of this to incur the wrath of God? Because everything I worked for went down the drain! I grew up being skinnier compared to the other kids and I built myself to make sure my kids don’t have to go through that! And wouldn’t you know it? It’s all gone!

People say money is the root of all evil, but at the same time many of us here worked so hard for it just so we can sustain ourselves. To sustain a better future for our families! So to see that effort go away? Why wouldn’t we get mad?  

Not to mention that there’s others that think we’re not necessary in this world anymore because of how many people have wished for abilities like healing, flying and whatever else. Well here’s a reality check to those people!

As a neurosurgeon, people think I’m useless nowadays, right? Wrong! Look, people asked for healing powers right? And subsequently the ability to nullify pain on themselves because healing is genuinely painful! I wished for them as an experiment, barring the nulled pain, and I can say that I experienced their nerves firing in my system and it stings! I’m not going to exclusively rely on them. Instead, I use them in case the surgery goes too wrong.

People need to know what they’re doing even if they have all these abilities. Because the power that we yield means that the consequences are just as equal. If you fuck up your healing powers on someone, that’s on you! That’s on you for making things worse since you don’t know where nerves go and such!

Now imagine that across the planet, full of superpowered idiots not knowing how to handle the new responsibilities given to them because they think there’s no consequences! But there are!

There were pyromaniacs playing around in the neighborhood, with fire powers and shooting them into the air to see who can make the biggest flame. One of them shot one out while God made cars produce oxygen, making the whole fire reach into the houses! They almost burned down my family’s photo album!

In fact God is the most egregious example! It’s the wishes in the first place that caused this! If he’s all knowing why is he such a moron? He can’t silence us for speaking “blasphemy”! If he sends those hands onto us, that means we’re right.

Look, we appreciate that he’s trying to do good for the world. We appreciate that we’re alive in this new paradise. But we have to make our voice heard, that not every change is good.

Hopefully this gets resolved soon because I did not suffer heartbreak for the sake of my college degree, just so I can see it all be reduced to a piece of paper at the end.

 

~ Leo Hooves, Protestor in the “Wasted Effort Movement”.

 hello this is dado, talking thru dado drone. i call it…dadrone. ever since veil broke i took the chance to take over business opportunities. 

 yes i know were a parapharmaceutical company but good business means branching out. 

 i took totleighsoft over ever since alien died, at least i think it died? he type bad, really bad. thank god im not like that. alien is very dumb and not good businessman, dado however very good businessman. 

 dado also saw employees need payment for there work and dado put them 2 good use. such as videogamers. playstation, xbox, nintendado. people who still want work but want something in return. 

 so how does dado make money with no money? dado wished 4 amazon 2 change 2 suit dados needs, now people can send there things in exchange 4 our things. very fast shipping too, faster than what it used 2 be. 

 sometimes employees still not satisfied. dado give them dado employee benefits like dado products and pills for free when they do good work. they seem happy, though they get cranky if they dont get their products on time. 

 anyways no time 2 waste, time 2 make business. 

 ~dado, parapharmaceutical ceo   *How the heck did he do this?! I can't get rid of the rainbows and typos!* 

**Addendum 9743.2:** Arrest of O5-1

Travel within Nexus 9743-A has taken two months within the dimension’s local timeframe, equivalent to twenty-four hours on earth. God has further modified the members of Combined Task Force L9X5 due to team members aging at a highly accelerated rate within Nexus 9743-A. This temporal irregularity is presumed to be an intentional modification to the dimension by O5-1 to eliminate invaders.

To serve the needs of the taskforce for an extended period of time, their helicopter has been exchanged for a large airship suitable for long-term habitation, complete with amenities to sustain survivability for an indefinite amount of time. Alongside are training facilities to prepare them for conflict against O5-1.

After 60 days within the dimension23 hours on in the baseline timeframe., L9X5 detected an area of highly regular geometry with a thaumaturgic barrier shaped like a dome on the ground. Psionic readings read negative within this zone as predicted, indicating O5-1’s presence absorbing ambient energies.

L9X5 are to engage with the outpost, with the purpose of detaining O5-1.

## Mission Log L9X5-9743-2

**Foreword:** God has advised L9X5 to be non lethal despite having the ability to resurrect. This is to avoid unnecessary suffering, and show themselves the betters of O5-1, who has consistently killed throughout their career in the pursuit of his ideals.

L9X5 equip for combat. God pilots the airship into a holding pattern out of view of the outpost.

**God:** Though it is within my power to transport us, it is wise to maintain our options. So too have I grown fond of it, as I have with your companionship.

L9X5 descends via rope, landing a reasonable distanceDistance cannot be consistently assessed within Nexus 9743-1. away from the outpost.

God acts to render the taskforce invisible, including Himself, and they pass through the thaumaturgic barrier once near enough. Alarm systems within the outpost are not sounded immediately. The outpost is in poor condition, with resources gathered from the local environment to supplement dwindling supplies from Earth. Various graves litter the area but post mission statements from God dictate that they were empty.

The taskforce remains hidden as they observe O5-1 speaking to a crowd, L9X5 identifies a large portion of the audience as volunteers for Site-62. Also included are Global Occult Coalition personnel, members of AWCY?, and the Church of the Broken God. O5-1 speaks from above atop a catwalk. The majority behaviour of the crowd is pensive.

**O5-1:** The traitors who came here to sabotage the mission have been dealt with. You are all that’s left who remain completely loyal to the mission. Loyal to mankind’s freedom.

**O5-1:** D.C. Al Fine had sacrificed herself to save the device, stopping the traitors after surviving an assassination attempt. Her wounds are too grievous to heal, and we do not have the resources available to bring her back to us. She shall rest but we can still make her proud by continuing the mission. All those who have died for this mission must be avenged.

O5-1 takes a deep breath.

**O5-1:** Let me remind you why SCP-343 must be stopped. To those that are still unsure if what we do is right. I faced the same questions as you do now each day when I was still called Overseer.

**O5-1:** We constantly face decisions that dictate whether someone lives or dies, to balance the scales of who deserves to live and who cannot be allowed to. People think we choose based on morality or logic. No, We choose to let as many people survive because human lives are precious. We are cold, not cruel.

**O5-1:** Human lives deserve their own freedom to grow. To be the best person that they can be once they’re wise enough to realize what is right and what is wrong.

**O5-1:** For a God to judge you, it would mean that you do not grow on your own. It would mean following an arbitrary checklist without ever learning to be good. You can still be good in this way, yes. But it’s not as genuine as the former.

**O5-1:** This results in complacency and incompetence, which you have all seen in the DC Council. They deemed SCP-2006 as a harmless entity. They do not recognise the dangers of their naive kindness. The perceived goodness of their “retribution” is nothing but hypocrisy. it is truly evil of them.

**O5-1:** This uTopia? This perfect world? It is a world of fear. Fear that you will be deemed not good enough to be considered living in paradise.

At this time, God ceases his invisibility. He stands in the open, facing O5-1 with open arms. L9X5 assume combat positions, and aim their weaponry at O5-1.

**God:** Cold, not cruel? Have you seen what you’ve done with the world? Have you seen what you do to those that you imprison?! You are more cruel to your own researchers than the worst prison warden. And this is far better than you are to the D-class.

**O5-1:** Shit. ACTIVATE DEFENSES!!

Volunteers within the crowd, primarily anartists and Mekhanites, join hands and chant a ritual. The team shoots to incapacitate, although their aim is obscured by other members of the crowd.

The ground shifts noticeably, marking the emergence of an entity. A construct shaped like a ballerina, composed of cogs and gears rises. It absorbs the dimension-specific colours of the area. The corpse of D.C. Al Fine can be seen within and connected to the golem.

**God:** You can handle this! I have faith in you!

With the primary combative force of the combined task force occupied in combat with the golem, God takes the opportunity to bypass the obstruction alone. He manifests a duplicate of a Foundation standard body camera. Combat details are deemed unnecessary for this document, but are available upon request.

God manifests within a closed chamber. O5-1 is present, holding an unidentified underarm device presumed to be a weapon designed to counter Him. A status bar appears upon the weapon, reading 0%.

**God:** You don't seem surprised.

**O5-1:** Should I be? You have turned the world against humanity, what's one more space?

Device reads 6%

**God:** Your words are harsh, but understandable. You are, and have always been, afraid of things beyond your comprehension.

**O5-1:** Do not preach to me. I've heard enough of that for a lifetime.

**God:** Very well. Tell me then, what should I do?

**O5-1:** I can't stop you. We both know that. I doubt I can convince you of your own crimes either. Just answer me this then: do you really believe this is what's best for humanity?

Device reads 17%

**God:** Humanity. Hm.

God paces around the room.

**God:** A strange word, when you think about it. Perhaps it was earned by priority, even if it applies just as well to others.

**O5-1:** What?

**God:** Oh come now, don't play the fool. You've seen more than enough at this point to know life is not the sole property of earth. Unless you had concluded that intelligence beyond your own is simple imitation.

Device reads 31%

**God:** Humanity was the first of my creations, but I sought to continue my work across the stars. But then perhaps you mean the human condition?

**O5-1:** You are not above failure.

**God:** Oh? Such insight is rare. Perhaps you are worthy of praise even in your rebellion. Indeed, you were made in my image. Just as you, I make mistakes, and I learn from them.

God sighs.

**God:** I have made *many* of them.

Device reads 54%

**God:** Far greater than any made on this single planet. I have wounded grievously, both against humanity and beyond. For every pained cry of that damned reptile in your cells, the edges of the universe cry tenfold in mine.

**God:** But I have learned from those mistakes. I have made myself better.

O5-1 scoffs.

**O5-1:** Don't pretend to care.

**God:** Do I not? I have capacity for all things, and in my efforts to become all good I am at least all-caring. I have shielded from you since the moment of your people's birth the very worst of my mistakes. There is an infinite expanse to your world beyond this system, this galaxy, and cast beyond it those things which would disturb it. Is that not care?

Device reads 72%. It begins to emit thin smoke at this time.

**O5-1:** You don't even see your own hypocrisy, do you? Have you seen what your people are like? They're no better than those you considered evil.

Protracted silence, lasting for five seconds.

**God:** Perhaps. It's ultimately their decision in the end, even if it may be hypocritical, it is understandable. They have suffered so much, why wouldn't they celebrate someone who was horrible being subject to the same horrors they imposed onto others? To finally conquer evil? Is that not a good thing?

God sighs.

**God:** Allow me to answer your question then. You wanted to know if this is what is best for humanity?

**God:** I’ve lived on this earth within the shadows, humanity will face against the evils of their own and others, and then humanity will overcome it. They will fall, and they will rise again. That is the human condition yes, but it applies to any who will take hardship and learn from it. Grow from it.

**God:** To try, to fail, to stand up, and learn, and try again. That’s the definition you unknowingly gave yourselves. If any one person can dedicate themselves towards becoming better, then it is possible for everyone. If it is possible for humanity. It is possible for me.

The device's displayed progress bar reaches 100%. O5-1 operates the trigger, to no effect. He repeatedly tries to activate it before stopping.

O5-1 chuckles.

**O5-1:** You could have done that at any time. You...toyed with me.

**God:** I wanted to answer you truthfully.

**O5-1:** You're a twisted joke of a god.

**God:** Perhaps. But every joke has a kernel of truth.

Combined taskforce L9X5 breaches the space, having disabled the golem outside. They struggle as most are heavily wounded. X5-1 and X5-3 are quickly able to detain O5-1, concluding the primary objective of the operation.

**God:** Come now, and watch upon the final days of my work.

O5-1 and the defectors have been captured.

---

# Day 6

Day 6 Update to 9743-Protocol: SCP Personnel are to work overtime to create mass wishes to ensure the SCP Foundation’s continued service to humanity. They are to also ensure the earth and society as a whole aligns with God's vision. All possible questions and answers from God are to be catalogued in SCP Archives.  All knowledge gleened from communications with God that are deemed useful to humanity is to be shared.  After all theoretically possible wishes and questions have been made, all SCP Personnel are encouraged to join in “Exodus Day” tomorrow.

God has been alerted regarding the latest interview from Amber Morris and contingencies have been made as such. SCP-9743-1 instances have been commanded by God to push away humans that go near SCP-9743-2. SCP Thaumaturgists have also created barriers around SCP-9743-2 to ensure nobody can enter within the space.

MTFs are to train in “Simulated Combat Peripheral” rooms to prepare for future anomalous threats.

@@ @@

Civilians worldwide prepare celebrations for God’s departure on the final day of SCP-9743. This has been dubbed as “Exodus Day”  This is the general name of the event made from modern society. As others from past societies and cultures have named this event in their respective era and language. . Various celebrations range from festivals of prayers to parties of excess indulgence. Concerns have been made of the latter, dictating that it is a display of sin. However, God has assured that sin is irrelevant in this new world. The concept of sin is to be considered obsolete due to the abuses of the meaning itself being used for power and control. By declaring something harmless as sin, it is to declare the act of being human as immoral.   

Various Groups of Interests have come to assist God during the end of SCP-9743. Ambrose Restaurants having provided specialized culinary training to those preparing anomalous foods from food storage facilities that God manifested. The Medician Academy of Occult Art in collaboration with the Deer College institute have educated those interested in anomalous art as a new medium to explore along with history of the anomalous world such as the Occult Wars.

This in turn has assisted in sparking interest in the general public to help others within the anomalous community, replenishing critical staff needed for the Foundation to become fully operational again with new hires. Alongside educating those with fears of the anomalous as currently unexplainable science and wondrous magic.

@@ @@

God has prepared various training simulator rooms dubbed the “Simulated Combat Peripheral” across SCP Facilities for MTFs to use to train their combat prowess against anomalous threats.  This is due to the current inexperience that newly recruited MTFs are experiencing  The rooms spawn allowed weapons dictated by God and despite destruction of the environment and walls within these rooms, after the program ends, no damage occurs. Threats range from biological creatures to reality benders, these practice targets pose genuine danger within these rooms and can simulate death to trainees. However, once the program ends after 2 hours of no response from personnel within, all dead MTFs within these rooms are resurrected.

To prevent suicide, these rooms can detect emotions within the personnel approaching these facilities and prevent them from entering. The AI in the room shall contact a Site Psychologist and two Guards to escort the individual considering suicide.

@@ @@

L9X5 have returned from Dimension 9743 with O5-1 and defectors in custody. Defectors have been captured by SCP-9743-1 instances with O5-1 awaiting trial with the DC Council with permission from God for their crimes.

<details>
<summary>REDACTED BY THE DC COUNCIL</summary>

---

Before O5-1’s trial, DC-1 debated with God for a ritual. DC-1 debated the ethics of retribution against those deemed evil such as O5-13. This ritual is to resurrect those deemed evil to join O5-1’s retribution as punishment for avoiding their due fate. After a thorough and lengthy discussion, God has allowed DC-1’s ritual with the exception of those already captured by SCP-9743-1 instances.

These evil resurrected individuals will then be captured by SCP-9743-1 instances after the ritual, with the exception of O5-1 to stand trial.

After this discussion, DC-1 enhanced his psionic capabilities to read the minds of all resurrected humans on earth.  Those that have their mind read experienced a mild headache afterwards. These were excused as a change in the atmosphere’s oxygen like yesterday.  Analyzing those they personally deem as evil that have died prior to SCP-9743, ranging from abusive family members to presidents and dictators.

God cooperated with the DC Council on the construction of a courtroom within Site-19. This courtroom has been modified with specific aspects requested by DC-1.

Judge’s Bench: Fitted with an incinerator for DC-1.

Counsel Tables: Replaced with an opaque version of SCP-9743-2. The space within is larger than the outside dimensions similar to the landmasses God made for the resurrected extinct species.

Jurors: Assigned with the DC Council.

Gallery: Assigned with SCP Personnel with signs of possible dissent by DC-1.

After this, the ritual has begun. Resurrected evil individuals are placed within the SCP-9743-2 instance in the room. Evil individuals that died of old age have been resurrected at the temporal “prime” point of their life when they were at their most evil. 

Upon resurrection, the evil individuals are distressed due to the infighting and crowd crushing within the box  It is roughly estimated that the SCP-9743-2 instance carried 100 billion humans. . Despite no visual damage, all individuals suffer immense pain.

DC-1 then commenced psionic linking with all humans within the cube, DC-1 struggled and was in considerable pain due to the vast number of humans within. After successfully linking, DC-1 then activated the incinerator. The escalating feedback loop quadrupled compared to O5-13’s punishment, with DC-1 and the evil humans screaming in perpetual agony. The duration lasted 15 minutes, with the DC Council instructed to not stop until the allotted time had passed.

After 15 minutes, the incinerator was stopped and DC-1 was pulled out being severely burned and on the verge of death despite being immortal. DC-1 has been healed after several minutes and O5-1 has been pushed out of the SCP-9743-2 instance. The SCP-9743-2 instance flew above the room with intangibility and floats above Site 19’s church. DC-1 took time to recover before the trial officially started.

---

</details>

At 16:00, 2000-1-6, the trial of O5-1 began.

<Begin Transcript>

**DC-1:** O5-1, for the crimes against humanity too numerous to list, you have been deemed evil by the DC Council and God.

O5-1 stares at DC-1 with disdain.

**DC-1:** What do you have to say for yourself?

O5-1 buckled onto the floor and proceeded to vomit blood and gasped for air.  It is unknown why O5-1 vomited blood 

**DC-1:** Disgusting. Bring the hand in.

O5-1 recovers as an SCP-9743-1 instance lays their palm open for O5-1 to stand on.

**DC-1:** ...Any last words?

**O5-1:** (Cough) It’s been an honor serving you all.

O5-1 walks on top of SCP-9743-1 and is subsequently captured. He has been deemed as the last evil person on earth.

<End Transcript>

After the trial. All SCP-9743-1 instances are now rendered inert and rest on top of SCP-9743-2 instances.

After O5-1’s trial, SCPs -073 and -076 have arrived at their destination. The two are currently resting on opposite ends of the “gate”. SCP-001 has allowed a "Journalist"  Formerly designated as SCP-9743-3  to interview SCP-076.

## Day 6 Interviews:

Holy crap holy crap holy CRAP! You finally came! I’m sorry I constantly wished for one of you guys to show up even though you’re busy, but you really gotta hear me out! It’s important!

So! You know these cubes holding these evil people right? Me and my friends have been wondering what happens inside for the past few days. My friend tried to listen inside with superhearing but couldn’t hear anything. Another had X-ray vision and tried to see inside but all they saw was nothing, even though we’re pretty sure something was definitely inside!

We tried various ways of getting in like jumping on top of the hands, which didn't work because they were intangible. Another way was us using ghost powers to try and phase through the cube itself but we couldn’t get in either.

We thought of everything possible to check inside and go in, but ultimately there was nothing. So we gave up and recorded a bunch of crappy videos on top of the cubes, then I fell in! Like- slipped right through!

I was like “Oh shit! Am I evil?!” but considering I’m here and the hands didn’t grab me yet, I think I’m…safe?

While I was inside, it wasn’t like a room of a cube. No, it was like…an environment? It was constantly changing every time I blinked, one time it was a forest and next it was a city. I thought I should’ve had my eyes open but it was kinda hard because of how much time I spent inside.

It was like 15 minutes until I found a tree, I thought it’d disappear when I blinked but no it stayed there! It had this…mushroom on a branch? The tree stayed the same but the “fruit” changed whenever I blinked. It was like…calling me to bite it. Seeing as how I was stuck there, I presumed that biting it would let me leave considering the gamey logic at play.

I took the “fruit” and I bit into it and suddenly I was aware of the amount of noise that was around me. I think I finally heard the evil people inside the room, I couldn’t see where they were though. It was hard to hear what they were saying because of how much of them were talking over each other. They weren't in pain though? More like...singing? It was pretty unclear but they seemed to be fine with what was happening? After that, I was pushed back into the surface and my friends came wondering what the heck happened!

And now we’re here talking to you about the whole thing.

You wanna know something I heard though? It was…strange. I dunno if it was from the fruit or one of the evil people that I singled out…It was a guy's voice...All I heard was- **[INFOHAZARD REMOVED]**

~ Amber Morris, ParaWatch Conspiracy Theorist

(**Note:** Following this, everyone involved in the incident that were currently present have had this interview erased from their memory to counter the damages caused by the infohazard within SCP-9743-2. 9743-Protocol has now been updated.)

Hello there. I presume the Father sent you. Questions? Hmm, no. This is to be logged? Hmm, I suppose I’ll use this opportunity to use you like a final footnote of my existence. I know the Father will read them, as a coward as he is to not meet us here when we’ve finally arrived.

It’s…been a long time since I’ve had my mind cleared. My brother still stayed the same but he was considerably more…empathetic than what the scholars claimed. We walked, on and on, across the earth. The Father made us visit human communities and learned what the world had come to ever since then, showing what humanity was really capable of. Humanity has always been good, yes. We acknowledge that, but we’ve both seen what humanity was really capable of back before the Father changed the world as it is today. To deny humanity’s evil is to deny humanity’s potential to fully recognize it and be better.

I won’t deny that getting rid of those that are evil is good, I’m saying that the future children of this utopia will not potentially recognize their own actions as evil even if it’s taught as such. Evil is clever, evil is malleable. It’s not a binary action of what makes sense, it’s the opposite. I should know, because I’ve been with many evil people throughout my curse.

Throughout the millions of years we both have lived on this earth…and the island. It's all coming back to me.

The Father sent me back from the island after my mind went mad, then sane, then madder than it ever was before. It was too long…far too long in there. We were back at the place where Cain killed me, where the wheat field that was once golden…now barren and dead. I could sense Father behind me but by the time I turned around he was gone.

All I had in my mind was revenge, against my brother who subjected me to that horror. I didn’t know it was Father’s doing at the time though, which makes this all the more tragic.

I wandered the earth, following his trail of death with the amount of decay he left behind. I then met others like me, other…humans. They were a cultic nomadic tribe. They took me in, in exchange for my quest of revenge, I worked for them. They noticed that I was strong, fit to be a soldier.  

Not only was I good at it, I had an innate bloodlust for violence. We raided against weaker tribes, collecting what was rightfully ours. Even though they claimed they were threats against the tribe, I didn't know why we were raiding harmless tribes at the time. But it did not feel good, the rage within me blinded me to what I was doing was wrong. The scholars thought I offered meat to the Father, but I didn’t have the heart to kill them. Instead, I offered the animal as it was. Alive and full of life. The Father did not sacrifice them, He only took them to paradise. But in the tribe, I ate the animals I once held dear to me, it was the worst point of my life. It was only then when I finally found my brother at the cliffside was where it finally bubbled over.

He was different, he had changed for the better. He had moved on, grieved me and did his best to make the most of his immortal curse that was engraved onto his forehead. But what he did to me was unforgivable, and I couldn’t stop myself the moment I ran towards him with animalistic intent. By the time I came to my senses, I was soaked in blood…and regret. My brother’s mangled corpse laid before me, he was barely responsive yet he still spoke those words that broke me.

“I’m sorry.”

I screamed, mourning over what was lost. But the tribe had plans for me, they held me down as they tossed my brother into the ocean. They thought I was still useful even after I finished my quest. The raids weren't random, they were collecting artifacts to create the perfect soldier, and they subjected me to an endless torture to be one.

After that, I was a monster. I was considered a failure in their eyes, locking me within a coffin once they recognized that I wasn't that useful with the enhancements they gave me. To be used as a weapon, to be disregarded as a monster. I thought of myself as the representation of everything wrong with humanity’s evil. To be destined as weapons and nothing more, to be stripped away of who you are for the sake of violence. Whenever I died during my curse, all I ever felt was that same regret I did when I killed my brother.

When the Father took us out of our curses, everything felt so clear for the first time in a long time. The first thing I ever did was hug my brother, and to my surprise, he hugged back.

As we went on our journey, we saw how humanity grew. You already know that I’m quite pessimistic about it, he was quite optimistic about it. We discussed, bonded and made up for lost time.

He told me that when he died, he was aware of it. He felt his own body rot, the eels and crabs consuming his flesh at the bottom of the ocean. The Father saw what had happened to him and brought him back but the wounds I gave him were so grievous that he had to replace them with metal. He blessed him, so that nothing may hurt him again. He did have a sense of appreciation for life afterwards, a far cry of the selfish man that once killed me.

When we came here, The Father appeared and told us that this gate was the center of the universe where Father was born. Where he had long been designing an ethical afterlife for years on end. Where we can finally rest after we’ve lived for far too long. I asked Cain for us to spend time apart to think for ourselves, not to decide if we want to go in, but to reflect on everything before we go in. To experience what it’s like to be human again.

We could also stay behind to appreciate this new world with our minds cleared. But we already made our choice, we were born as brothers and we will die as brothers.

~ Abel, formerly known as SCP-076

<details>
<summary>REDACTED BY THE DC COUNCIL</summary>

## Personal Interview by the DC Council

(**Note:** This interview was conducted before O5-1’s retribution ritual by DC-1.)

Ah, look who’s here. You’re poetic don’t you know? Putting me in the cell you were once in, while you sit on the same “throne” as I have. You don’t have to say anything, I already know what you want. How to protect this world, how to make sure the Foundation makes sure this planet doesn’t kill itself from its own magic and people.

You realize now just how vastly difficult this duty you took is, when you spoke with the Ethics Committee and asked all the questions of what it takes to save people. You can’t save everyone, we tried, we really did try. This job is as depressing as it really sounds like.

Everyone thought of us as hypocrites, wardens, dictators. Ms. Fine saw both of us as nothing less but what you stated in your cute little speech. You were right, but someone had to be the villain of the story. I took up that mantle and made sure everybody had a source to blame their problems on. I was deserving of that blame, because nobody else deserved that burden. We were a necessary evil, even then I doubted the “necessary” part.

Nevertheless, I was willing to embrace that role, to commit far greater evils than anyone else in the O5 Council could have for the sake of humanity. I hid actions and orders from the Ethics Council if it made sure that you and everyone else could live another day. But now that I’m here, I suppose I lost a part of that. A part of me that was meant to be a protector and instead became possessive.

What point is humanity living if they continue in misery? Perhaps it was indeed cruel, not cold.

*(Several seconds of silence)*

I’m going to help you but know that it’s not out of altruism, it’s out of necessity. I want to ensure that my work continues on. As evil as I am, I care for this world, it’s full of wonder and whimsy. I just want everyone else the chance to see it for what it really is, instead of the nihilism, indifference and doom we sadly imposed upon everyone else.

Here’s what you need to know.

**[NOTABLE DATA COLLECTED, REFER TO O5-1 UNABRIDGED INTERVIEW FOR FURTHER DETAILS]**

And lastly, everything is going to be your fault. Even though you're a council, all the responsibility falls on you. You'll understand why I had to do it, even if you hate me with all your heart. I would gladly do it all over again, if it meant the average person in this world can sleep better.

*(Cough)*

…if you really are a good person, at least let me die with dignity. Let me say my final words once I get sent to those cubes, it’s the least you could do.

~O5-1, The last vestige of the previous Foundation.

</details>

---

# Day 7

**Day 7 Update to 9743-Protocol:** Take the time off. Be with your loved ones. Enjoy the day.

@@ @@

Due to the collective efforts of humanity with God's assistance, all problems in the world have been perceived as solved. The Foundation disagrees however, with arguments within the DC Council made of problems still present. A schism was made, with DC-13 leading the head of the final wishing project.  DC-13 is the only Foundation member that have joined the DC Council 

DC-13 along with half of the DC Council and chosen team members from a research pool are currently working overtime to finalize wishes before God's departure.

The rest of the DC Council are to assist God and celebrations on "Exodus Day" with DC-1 leading the project.

After several hours of wishmaking, God has stopped DC-13 due to concerns over their health and obsession over the perceived flawed state of the world. DC-13 insisted to continue but God has firmly declined wishmaking from DC-13's team. DC-13 broke down before DC-4 consoled him and left the room.

@@ @@

Humanity worldwide mourns God’s upcoming departure from the world. God assures that it is a moment of joy rather than sadness, for partaking in "Exodus Day" is the grandest display of humanity one can do.

All Foundation personnel are mandated to enjoy the “Exodus Day” holiday henceforth unless in a state of emergency. Site Directors have hosted parties within Site Facilities with anomalies joining in. Entertainment devices have been installed in the lounges and break rooms for use until SCP-9743 ends.

@@ @@

Upon the final hour of SCP-9743  23:50, 2000-1-7 . God casted one final mental projection across every human’s mind on earth before his departure.

# **God’s Departure:**

*Hello, my children. I am so proud of what you have done.*

*You have helped healed this world and your society for the better since I arrived. I merely assisted in nudging you in the right direction.*

*Unfortunately, I cannot stay. If I were, I’d be no different from a tyrant who rules with absolution.*

*I gave you the push you needed to make this world a better place. But everything falls onto your hands now.*

*This world is not perfect, and it will never be perfect. But it doesn’t have to be, it only needs to be a beacon of hope in the dark abyss of space.*

*I trust that you can do better, for you have shown me the true ways of what it means to be “human”.*

*Create as I have created. Forge your own destiny. Look past me. Love each other as I have loved you.*

*Farewell, my children.*

Upon departure, churches no longer possess a copy of God. This in turn has made questions to the answers of the universe and wishmaking a relic of the past. Ghosts have also demanifested in reality, presumably moving onto the promised afterlife.

# **Final Interview:**

*Hello. We’ve done a lot of work this week haven’t we? Be proud, you’ve shown the true humanity that the Foundation is meant to protect. Sure they may deem these interviews as unnecessary, but I say that they’ve been far too blind to see what they’ve been protecting. To bring back a sense of wonder and whimsy that they’ve far too long dehumanized.*

*The Foundation is quite xenophobic in practice given their beliefs, especially when they claim to be cold, not cruel. Not to the extent of those that vehemently destroy anomalies of course, just the same way your certain family members reacted to minorities. With extreme fear and caution.*

*Part of that xenophobia comes from the idea that the Foundation believes me as nothing more than a reality bender. A human with godlike abilities believing that they’re above them. They’re not necessarily wrong though. I am a human and I am a reality bender, but I am the first of both.*

*I was the first to exist in this universe, nothing more than an orb with three rings of light.*

*I didn’t know what was happening, all I knew was a sense of fear and expansion of the space around me. At my birth, I was nothing more than a feral animal, perhaps even less. Over the many seconds of eternity I wandered in this space, my intelligence grew within this age of nothingness. Afraid, mad, then lucid enough to realize my purpose. To recognize what I could do. I couldn’t stand this loneliness, so I decided to create.*

*I made proto planets, suns that were either too hot or too dim, gas giants that imploded upon themselves, barren rocks that were barely held together. It took more time, far too long, until I got it right. Your solar system.*

*I took the time to explore this new world, this…Earth you called it. It was promising, with bacteria cooking within the oceans. I sat there and waited again, to see whatever would pop out. However, it was not what I expected. [The Sculpture](SCP-173) as you called it came out, dragging its disgusting muck out of the water and tried to attack me. I destroyed it since I recognized that it was not one of my creations. But it did make me realize, was there someone else like me? Someone else creating these…anomalies? I scoured the entire universe before this, but nothing, yet I still held on hope.*

*The sculpture did give me an idea though, why wait? Why not make one instantly rather than wait and see what cooks below? I referenced the sculpture, making modifications to my own body first before my creations. Five humans. I gave them their own space, away from the primordial soups. An island of paradise, what you consider to be the "Garden of Eden". I watched and saw what they would do. I was disappointed.*

*They were helpless babes, their minds just full of static and blind happiness. They weren’t sentient, they gave me nothing less but frustration. But I didn’t let that stop me, I had an idea. The fruit of knowledge, my knowledge.*

*I tempted them through a devil, to see what would happen. A sick experiment of mine, to see how well they could handle intelligence. Two of them eventually took it, and I revealed myself to them.*

*I declared myself as their God. Your God. They were the first humans after me, the original “Human”. "Adam" and "Eve" they declared themselves. I considered the term “Human” to anything sapient, anyone capable of experiencing “Humanity”. Despite you claiming it to assign your own species.*

*The intelligence was too much for them, at first they appreciated the newfound sapience given to them. But overtime, they felt limited by what they had. With eternity in the garden, they felt stagnated. They saw through their paradise as nothing more but a prison of their potential. Of superfluous enjoyment that never let them grow beyond having their pleasures fulfilled. They offered to share their knowledge with the other three, but they refused. The knowledge was like a curse to them.*

*This angered me, back when I didn't have much emotional intelligence. A wrathful tantrum against such "heresy". I cursed them back, to only seek to please with no want of free will. The other two, out of fear, asked me to be let out. I eventually agreed.*

*Before that though, I struck a meteor to wipe out the dangerous species roaming the planet that came from the oceans. To ensure that Adam and Eve could survive on their own. Although I regret it since they did nothing more than live, I treated them like one would swat a fly.*

*I cleared away the destruction caused by the meteor, giving them a clean slate with a forest and field to work with. Once they settled into their new environment, I took the time to give them their space to grow. Thus, creating other humans across the planet, experimenting once in a while to see how they would react to me taking different forms. To ensure the world becomes populated with the inherent gift of my knowledge. It was the closest thing to "fun" I had at the time, but now it was in poor taste.*

*I grew bored eventually, having created enough for humans to not go extinct. I came back to where it all started, there lied Cain and Abel. Adam and Eve went their separate ways, they were unsure of where they went but from what I discovered, they joined the other "first" humans due to their collective intelligence. Then...they found another piece of knowledge from me, and became something else. Beyond this world, beyond...anything in this space. Just whispers in static silence.*

*I have never seen them since. All that mattered is to see what their offspring would do.*

*I tasked them to give me offerings, I had no need for them but I wanted to see what they would do. Cain offered bounties of his crop while Abel offered the lambs of his livestock. I adored the lambs, so I kept them as pets. But that was my fatal mistake.*

*Truth be told, Adam and Eve were not good parents. Having their own issues as the first humans, I understood why. They favored Abel above Cain due to their innate talents, this resentment grew until Cain had enough when they finally left.*  

*Before Abel’s death, Cain asked me what lied beyond life. I told him I didn’t know. I never had the concept of the afterlife before this. He then killed Abel. When Abel was dying, he asked the same question as his brother. I told him that it was an island of eternal pleasure.*

*He was one of the first to die, and so I repurposed the island into the first afterlife. After that, I was enraged. How could Cain have done this? To his own brother no less? I cursed him with my thumb onto his head to wander for eternity, he has reaped what he has sowed and thus he will never do so ever again.*

*It was strange experiencing this, a death of a sentient life. I saw what happened everywhere else, of humanity’s exploration with violence. Either through necessity or malice. It was too much for me.*

*I left quietly, I had plans for the other planets, but I left the system by then. My guilt was too heavy in my heart to stay there longer. To see what I had made turned into barbarians. And so, I wandered again, trying to find some semblance of familiarity to someone like me. There were more anomalies in the infinite expanse that grew, but they were incoherent despite babbling of other gods that existed. They prophesied of gods from other realms, other dimensions. It was where they claimed Adam and Eve were. I theorized they must have become godlike with their ascended knowledge and wanted to become like me. Either out of spite or compassion, I knew I had to find out. It was going to be difficult to reach them, but I was motivated.*

*And so, I created planets again. Learning from my experience on earth, I did it better and more efficiently.  Entire empires of civilizations dedicated to the concept of dimensional travel.*

*These galactic systems in the far reaches of space constructed gateways, with many bodies buried amongst those foundations. The technology was deemed impossible, to contact gods like me, I refused to believe that. I was tyrannical and sadistic during this period, with desperation showing across my face. They grew to resent me, but they couldn’t stop or else they would suffer my wrath. It was a “necessary” evil, I claimed. How ironic.*

*Finally, after more millennia had passed, I made contact with through the other sides. However, I was horrified. These Gods were of pure evil, dedicating themselves to be worshipped through suffering and torture. I was but a mere drop of blood compared to the crimson ocean of the evil they committed. They offered me to join them, recognizing my desperation, a mythology of hate and doom. I refused, and I made sure nobody would find proof of what I had done. I sent anyone who knew to constantly move with the infinite edge, away from other planets, endlessly wandering in this dead space. I couldn’t let others know of them, of what they did for me.*  

*Even though I found others like me, it was the worst answer I could've found. That gods are destined to be devils. Whether it was realization or something else, it shook me to my core.*

*I’ve had enough of this life, I tried endless ways to destroy myself. But nothing could destroy me. This agony of mine, this wretched curse of an existence with incomprehensible power. Nobody should have this much power. It’s why I neutralized the reality benders. Nobody should handle this responsibility of rearranging reality without experience like mine.*

*But during that suicide of mine, the damned lizard manifested. A representation of the evil and hate for myself that I caused during this lifetime. It existed to taunt me, to remind me of what I had done. To follow me for eternity and destroy everything that I have made, just as I have with the galactic council.*

*It was a slow but constant reminder, even though I left it in space, it still came back eventually.*

*I returned to earth to get away from it all, it had developed quite a bit but not quite to the modern ages we’re in. I wondered where Cain was, but I found him rotting in the sea bed and wondered why his soul didn’t pass onto the island. When I brought him to life, he told me that he felt everything that happened. That he heard his father from beyond the static. I was confused by this.*

*It wasn’t until later with the situation of Roger Sheldon when I realized that Adam and Eve were trying to contact those that listen to this silence. To listen and be granted power. But due to me opening the dimensional gateway in space, this message inadvertently became a curse, an infohazard as you call it. A leak turning the phrase into hell. If anybody is worried about this infohazard. Don’t worry, I made sure to correct that. Nobody will suffer that fate anymore.*  

*Then I wondered how Abel was. I checked the garden, and I was shocked to see he became rabid and feral. The island had made him insane because of how long he spent there. I checked every garden just to see I’ve created hell. I left Abel, too terrified of what I've done. I wanted to leave the planet again, to avoid my mistakes.*

*But instead, I stayed. Because there was nowhere else to go.*

*Although I was unhappy for the time being, I felt so defeated that my creations have been nothing but fault after fault. I was in a depressive slump for thousands of years that followed, hiding amongst the people to study them during that time. I was confused by their autonomy, people were both good and evil yet there were those that deemed all of humanity as the source of all evil. There were others convinced of this but I wasn’t. Despite it being so easy to fall into, it was a toxic ideology to hold onto and it was not healthy to view your fellow man this way. Yes, there have been horrors created by man, both with and without magic. But as I've learned during my return, humanity is capable of so much more than that. To pin the horrors into a single point, would be to cling to ignorance and dismiss your own potential. There were heroes that became corrupted and people who have wronged others changing their ways. And that was the seed that was planted in my mind, even if I didn’t know it at the time.*

*Over time, I recovered bit by bit, there were good days and then there were bad days. I still stuck around, enough to introduce myself to the Foundation.*

*Everything seemed to go smoothly, until one of the researchers assigned to me somehow found out about Adam and Eve. And what I've done in the edges of space. I sent him there in a panic to make sure nobody else knew. But it was moreso a reflex, I couldn't just bring him back. I was back in that slump, I had moved on yes but it’s difficult when you’re constantly reminded.*

*But then, I began to obsess with the idea of betterment. It was the tipping point. It made me realize that hiding my mistakes was never going to lead anywhere, that escaping is not an option anymore. I had to take action and learn what it really meant to be human. Study humanity again with a new lens, careful analysis of morality. Perhaps my research is inconclusive, as you can see with the reveling in torture even if it may be justified.*

*It's flawed, but that's what humanity is. Inconsistent.*

*Maybe I have not been better, maybe I fell into the same trap I did with space all those years ago. But it does prove one thing, that I do have the capacity to change. I just hope that what I've done is good, but I suppose that feeling is imposed for every human on earth at some point.*

*What I will say is this, everything you do matters. Those that say nothing matters are stuck reacting in pain over and over until they inevitably regret having wasted their life full of fear at change. I may be God, but that doesn't stop you from trying over and over again to do something that makes life great.*

*I’ve done as much as I could to help. I will leave once again but this time I shall fix the mistakes I’ve done. I don’t expect forgiveness, I never will be forgiven. But I have the ability to have this civilization I’ve left back to their place within the universe. I do wonder about humanity though. What will you do with your time on earth?*

*Make it worthwhile, you’ve got that opportunity unlike me.* 

~ **God.**

---

### An Abridged History of Earth and The Foundation after SCP-9743

*"To those wondering of what to do after God disappeared from the world, rest assured you are given a new task with your latent journalistic abilities. To catalogue and archive events of what happened after SCP-9743. So that we may reflect back and learn from our mistakes, but to also celebrate what we've become. Paradise. These are going to be summaries of course, so if you want the full information, refer to the archives."*~DC-4

**2000-7-7:** The "7 Days" Religion is formally established by the "True Believers" worshipping God across the world.

**2001-1-1:** The first yearly celebration of “God’s Return”. Throughout January 1st to January 7th, people worldwide celebrate “God’s Return” as a week-long holiday.

**2002-8-5:** The Museum of God is built. Detailing the week-long history of SCP-9743 and displaying obsolete antiques such as vehicles and weapons.

**2003-4-27:** First recorded instance of a new hostile anomaly spawning on earth. Anomaly is subsequently captured with minimal casualties.

**2003-12-14:** First recorded instance of Sigurrós regaining their abilities in a weakened state. DC Council has elected to let Sigurrós grow as a child instead of submitting her into a coma again.

**2004-5-23:** Several sentient beings gain reality bending powers, naming themselves "The Chosen". They are carefully monitored with few instances being captured by SCP-9743-1 instances due to their reckless use of abilities.

**2005-3-6:** A bacterial pathogen resurrected during SCP-9743 dubbed “The White Plague” spreads throughout Canada. Despite humanity being immune to death from diseases, they still suffer severe discomfort and pain from the symptoms. All humans are deemed as carriers of diseases because of this technicality. The Foundation and the World Health Organization make collective efforts to control the disease and research to better improve humanity’s immune systems.

**2008–4-6:** Several sports based on wished abilities have been made with “The Anomalympics” established to officialize these sports. The Foundation publicly sponsors this yearly sports event to promote recruitment efforts.

**2014-4-5:** First recorded instance of SCP-9743-1 reactivating to capture an adolescent deemed as evil. Children are to be indoctrinated and carefully monitored to ensure no further captures.

**2017-9-23:** Sigurrós successfully subdues SCP-2006 to become an entity to pursue comedy rather than elicit fear after years of escaping Foundation attempts at capture. Sigurrós is heralded as a hero and becomes the "The Witch". She becomes a figurehead of "The Witches of Whimsy" with other various covens being formed in her honor.

**2018-3-30:** Sigurrós protests against the torture of those deemed evil with a parade, claiming it is immoral in both present and past. This causes a schism between various covens and sparked debates on the ethics of celebration of torture and death against those deemed evil. "The Chosen" contact Sigurrós to join their cause during the parade, however she declines due to their irresponsible use of their abilities.

**2020-4-29:** Rogue dado employees sold “good pills” to children under morality watch. These induce artificial morality into the consumer upon ingestion causing them to be upstanding citizens at the cost of erasing most of their original personality. Awaiting SCP classification.

**2024-5-16:** After extensive research by the “Department of Seance and Afterlife Research”, they have discovered God’s new afterlife. This afterlife is an island that is highly customizable, with the ability to visit other islands of those that have died. At any moment, souls within the islands can enter a gateway that lets an entity completely cease existing. This is presumed to be intended for eternal rest. This afterlife has been dubbed SCP-7179. Codename: “P is for Peace.”  This slot was previously empty with data of the previous document being missing.

**2030-8-10:** First contact with “Goesites”, an alien civilization composed of mathematical equations that underwent the SCP-9743 process by God. The Foundation and the Goesites have discussed through long distance communications to meet under heavy sanitation protocols to ensure no diseases transfer onto each other and avoid destroying delicate ecosystems.

**2060-3-25:** Extrauniversal invasion of armed forces by reality benders summoned by "The Chosen". The Goesites assists the Foundation to repel the invading force, although forces were overwhelming. DC-1 activated an eigenweapon that erased the extrauniversal portal at the cost of erasing a portion of Foundation Forces, leading to a pyrrhic victory. DC-1 is captured by an SCP-9743-1 instance. Foundation efforts are being made to ensure they never return.

**2080-9-23:** Funeral for Sigurrós Stefánsdóttir is held. Cause of death is currently unknown. With various covens training various reality benders in her ways to honor her wishes to be more responsible with reality bending.

**2100-1-8:** After the centennial anniversary of “God’s Return”, SCP-9743-2 activates. SCP-9743-1 instances carry infants below to the surface, with SCP-9743-2 instances shrinking for each 10 infants withdrawn.   

These infants are 6 months old and are genetically identical to “evil” people that have been captured during SCP-9743.

Notable DNA similarities from the anomalous world include Normalcy Preservation Employees, The former O5 Council and **[REDACTED BY ORDERS OF THE DC COUNCIL]**

The DC Council are currently discussing the best course of action with these infants.

<< [SCP-9742](SCP-9742) | SCP-9743 | [SCP-9744](SCP-9744) >>
