**Item #:** SCP-9366

**Object Class:** Safe 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9366-1 is to be monitored every day between the hours of 9AM to 9PM, following the typical 12-hour shift schedule of SCP-9366-4. Any and all Foundation personnel entering SCP-9366-1 are to be equipped with recording equipment to capture interactions between themselves and the object's inhabitants. 

Any instances of SCP-9366-5 exiting the boundary of SCP-9366-1 are to be collected and stored within an airtight container before being brought to Foundation grounds.

**Description:** SCP-9366-1 outwardly appears as a non-anomalous building on 14  ████████ Road in Fargo, North Dakota, resembling that of the Urgent Care brand. It follows the average building plan of an Urgent Care building, standing at one story, with 1300.6426 square meters of space. Entering the building does not trigger the object's anomalous properties. If spoken to, any staff will resemble normal humans in appearance and speech patterns. 

The only way to trigger SCP-9366-1's properties to emerge is with a specific phrase, that being the referencing or mentioning of a figure known as 'Dr. Reynolds'. Once Dr. Reynolds' name is mentioned in passing or directly to a staff member, SCP-9366-1 activates. Whoever mentioned the phrase is now designated as SCP-9366-2. Any Urgent Care staff within a 2 meter radius from SCP-9366-2 will immediately turn into instances of SCP-9366-3.

Instances of SCP-9366-3 resemble themselves in human life, but their facial features are obscured by a lightless black square. The square completely censors the faces of the SCP-9366-3 instances, even from differing angles. Photographs of SCP-9366-3 taken prove this. Upon the transformation, the closest instance of SCP-9366-3 will approach whoever mentioned the name of Dr. Reynolds, and take them to a waiting area separate from the main one before wandering away.

After exactly three minutes and 19 seconds, the instance of SCP-9366-3 will reemerge and guide SCP-9366-2 towards a windowless room lit by a single lightbulb. The instance will then instruct SCP-9366-2 to lay upon an examination table, though it will not become hostile if these instructions are not obeyed. After another cycle of three minutes and 19 seconds, SCP-9366-4 will enter the examination room.

SCP-9366-4 resembles a Caucasian human in doctor's scrubs standing at roughly 1.9 meters in height. Several square-shaped sections of SCP-9366-4's body have been removed, particularly in the abdominal region and head. The object does not appear to experience pain or discomfort despite the severity of the injuries resembling the ones present on SCP-9366-4 to a normal human. A medical identification badge confirms the anomaly's identity as Dr. ██████ Reynolds, who was confirmed to have been deceased since 20██. 

Upon preforming a routine examination of SCP-9366-2, SCP-9366-4 will diagnose the instance with an affliction. If the instance of SCP-9366-2 was afflicted with something prior to entering, then SCP-9366-4 will diagnose that. Otherwise, the object will name something else entirely. SCP-9366-4's diagnoses can range from infections such as *rhinovirus* The Common Cold , to life-threatening diseases like *Neisseria meningitidis* Meningitis . The instance of SCP-9366-2 will, without fail, instantly become afflicted with whatever ailment SCP-9366-4 has diagnosed them with. 

Once the diagnosis is reached, SCP-9366-4 will put on a pair of gloves and reach its hand into the instance of SCP-9366-2's abdominal area. Interviews and recordings have proven it to be a painless process, despite the brutal appearance. After between 3-7 minutes, SCP-9366-4 will remove a solid cube from SCP-9366-2's body. This cube is now designated as SCP-9366-5.

SCP-9366-5 is a cube composed entirely out of a solid clear substance of unknown makeup. The cube's size will vary depending on the severity of the diagnosis. A solid black sphere is located in the center of the cube. Tests of the sphere's composition have shown it to be a condensed and solid form of whatever disease SCP-9366-4 had diagnosed the target with.

Once the procedure is completed, SCP-9366-4 will give the instance of SCP-9366-5 to SCP-9366-2, directing them towards the nearest exit. Once SCP-9366-2 exits the borders of SCP-9366-1, it is no longer designated as an anomalous object, and will be dealt with accordingly. Civilians are to be given Class A amnestics, and Foundation personnel are to turn over any acquired information about SCP-9366 as a whole.

**Recorded Entrance Logs:**

**Subject:** Adult male human, designated as D-Class Personnel #D-99331

**Pre-Existing Conditions:** No listed health difficulties prior to entry.

**Diagnosis:** SCP-9366-4 diagnosed #D-99331 with *Group A Streptococcus* Strep Throat . 

**Resulting SCP-9366-5 Instance:** The SCP-9366-5 instance extracted from D-99331 was five centimeters large, and weighed 25 grams.

**Follow Up Questions:**

<details>
<summary>+ Access Interview?</summary>

> **Interviewed:** D-99331

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Jane ██████

> 

> **Foreword:** [Interview was conducted roughly two hours after D-99331 was declassified as an instance of SCP-9366-2.]

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** So, D-99331. Tell me what happened in there.

> 

> **D-99331:** Well, uh...I walk in, and...it's just a clinic.

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Did anything abnormal occur once you entered?

> 

> **D-99331:** I mean, it was kinda cold in there? Is that abnormal enough for you?

>

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** *[clearing throat]* What about once you said the provided activation phrase?

> 

> **D-99331:** Oh, uh...that. Yeah, not...really sure how to describe that. I mentioned it to the receptionist and her face just...got censored.

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** What do you mean by censored?

> 

> **D-99331:** Weird black box covered her face. I-I don't know if I was hallucinating, or-

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Did you encounter SCP-9366-4?

> 

> **D-99331:** SCP dash who now?

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** *Dr. Reynolds.*

> 

> **D-99331:** Ohhh. Yeah, uh...I did. He said I had strep throat, which was weird. I-I've never had it in my life. Then he just...pulled this cube outta my chest. Didn't hurt at all.

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** I see. Thank you for your time.

> 

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** [D-99331 was retransferred to the nearest Foundation Site post-interview.]

</details>

**Subject:** Adult female human, designated as D-Class Personnel #D-80663

**Pre-Existing Conditions:** *Epiphora* Leaky Eye Syndrome .

**Diagnosis:** SCP-9366-4 diagnosed #D-80663 with *Epiphora*. 

**Resulting SCP-9366-5 Instance:** The SCP-9366-5 instance extracted from D-80663 was three centimeters large, and weighed 15 grams.

**Follow Up Questions:**

<details>
<summary>+ Access Interview?</summary>

> **Interviewed:** D-80663

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Jane ██████

> 

> **Foreword:** [Interview was conducted roughly five hours after D-80663 was declassified as an instance of SCP-9366-2.]

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** So, D-80663. Tell me what happened in there.

> 

> **D-80663:** Uh...I walked into the Urgent Care and told the lady I wanted to see Dr. Reynolds?

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Did anything abnormal occur once you entered?

> 

> **D-80663:** No??? I mean, it was cold, but clinics usually are.

>

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Another D-Class mentioned the temperature. I'll add it to the log.

> 

> **D-80663:** Huh. Weird. So, anyways, I say the thing, then the nurse's face turns into a square.

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Was it a black square?

> 

> **D-80663:** ...yeah, actually. Guess someone already told you what they saw, huh?

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Did you encounter SCP-9366-4?

> 

> **D-80663:** Uh, if that's what you guys call that Reynolds guy, then yeah. Look, he...did something.

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Go on.

> 

> **D-80663:** He just...pulled a cube outta me. Then my eye stopped getting all watery, and hasn't been for hours.

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** I see. Thank you for your time.

> 

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** [D-80663 was retransferred to the nearest Foundation Site post-interview.]

</details>

**Subject:** Adult male human, designated as D-Class Personnel #D-78321

**Pre-Existing Conditions:** *Chondrosarcoma* Bone Cancer 

**Diagnosis:** SCP-9366-4 diagnosed #D-78321 with *Chondrosarcoma*. 

**Resulting SCP-9366-5 Instance:** The SCP-9366-5 instance extracted from D-78321 was 20 centimeters large, and weighed 100 grams.

**Follow Up Questions:**

<details>
<summary>+ Access Interview?</summary>

> **Interviewed:** D-78321

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Jane ██████

> 

> **Foreword:** [Interview was conducted immediately after D-78321 was declassified as an instance of SCP-9366-2.]

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** So, D-78321. Tell me what happened in there.

> 

> **D-78321:** I'm cured.

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** ...excuse me?

> 

> **D-78321:** I-I'm cured. I'm going to live.

>

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Can you be more specific with what you-

> 

> **D-78321:** Every hospital I've ever been to, they said it was inoperable. Too risky, too...I'm gonna live.

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Inoperable?

> 

> **D-78321:** Sarcoma. Bone cancer. Had a tumor the size of a golfball pressing on my windpipe. Then he says what I already know and...*it's gone.* 

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** I...how long had you lived with the tumor?

> 

> **D-78321:** 4 years of hell over in a day. Oh god, oh god bless us.

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** I...need to make some notes. Thank you for your time.

> 

> **<Dr. Jane ██████ proceeds to exit the interview area without turning off the recording equipment.>**

> 

> **D-78321, weeping quietly:** I'm not gonna die, I'm not gonna die...

> 

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** [D-78321 was retransferred to the nearest Foundation Site post-interview.]

</details>

**Subject:** Adult female human, designated as Dr. Jane ██████. Dr. Jane ██████ entered SCP-9366-1 without Foundation approval. 

**Pre-Existing Conditions:** *Endometriosis*

**Diagnosis:** SCP-9366-4 diagnosed Dr. Jane ██████ with *Endometriosis*. 

**Resulting SCP-9366-5 Instance:** The SCP-9366-5 instance extracted from Dr. Jane ██████ was 19 centimeters large, and weighed 95 grams.

**Questioning:**

<details>
<summary>+ Access Interview?</summary>

> **Interviewed:** [Dr. Jane ██████]

> 

> **Interviewer:** [Junior Researcher ██████ Robeson]

> 

> **Foreword:** [Dr. Jane ██████ was detained following her exit from SCP-9366-1.]

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Jr. ██████ Robeson:** ██████, do you have any idea the amount of shit you are in? 

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Look, you don't understand-

> 

> **Jr. ██████ Robeson:** YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT. You are the head of the containment operation, and you just...WALTZED IN! How am I supposed to understand that?!

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** I was in pain, and now I am not. 

> 

> **Jr. ██████ Robeson:** Oh for the love of-██████, you broke 

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** He cured my *endometriosis*, Robeson! It has caused me unimaginable suffering since I was 15 years old! I have struggled to urinate! I have struggled to put on pants! I have felt so much pain on some days, I have struggled to STAND. The pain is GONE. I have never felt better in my life, and I *do not care* that I had to break protocol to do it. Do what you must. 

> 

> **Jr. ██████ Robeson:** ...you broke protocol, ██████. I'll have to send in a report.

> 

> **Dr. Jane ██████:** Fine. By. Me.

> 

> 

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** [Dr. Jane ██████ was later demoted following her breach of protocol. She currently works as a Junior Researcher at Site-██.]

</details>

<< [SCP-9395](SCP-9395) | SCP-9366 | [SCP-9367](SCP-9367) >>

> **Filename:** 35346009611_6fb470d881_b.jpg

> **Name:** Urgent Care

> **Author:** Randy Y.

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/155164779@N08/35346009611
