ITEM#:Scp-9694

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: 

Scp-9694 also known as The Hard To Obliterate Snake is an ancestor of Scp-███. Just like Scp-███ it is hard to obliterate. It requires a 5x5x5 meter bath of the strongest acid known to man, 15 spears able to be controlled with a remote, chainsaws that can be controlled by the remote, and poison in chemical form.

Personnel are forbidden to speak to SCP-9694, for fear of provoking a rage-state. All unauthorized personnel attempting to communicate to SCP-9694 will be restrained and removed by force.

Due to its frequent attempts at containment breach, difficulty of containment and incapacitation, and high threat of Foundation Exposure, SCP-9694 is to be contained in site [REDACTED]. The Foundation will use the best of its resources to maintain all land within fifty (50) kilometers clear of human development.

Description: SCP-9694 is a large, vaguely snake-like creature of unknown origin. It appears to be extremely intelligent, and was observed to engage in complex communication with SCP- during their limited time of exposure. SCP-9694 appears to have a hatred of all life (except for Scp-███) which has been expressed in several interviews during containment.

SCP-9694 has always been observed to have extremely high strength, speed, and reflexes, though exact levels vary with its form. SCP-9694’s physical body grows and changes very quickly, growing or decreasing in size as it consumes or sheds material. SCP-9694 gains energy from anything it ingests, organic or inorganic. Digestion seems to be aided by a set of filtering gills inside of SCP-9694’s nostrils, which are able to remove usable matter from any liquid solution, enabling it to constantly regenerate from the acid it is contained in. SCP-9694’s regenerative capabilities and resilience are staggering, and SCP-9694 has been seen moving and speaking with its body 87% destroyed or rotted.
