:root{

  --header-title: "SITE-3";

  --header-subtitle: "Low Priority Research and Containment";

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/vilsolad/Site-3.png);

    filter: opacity(20%);

}

div.blockquote.log{border:solid 1px #999999;}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: ##146414; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

Written by  for  for the 2025 Art Exchange! Happy Art Exchange vilsolad!!

For more by me, go to [ my Author Page](metalRavioli-s-author-page )

 

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

This file will soon be undergoing revision due to recent changes in SCP-9386's containment procedures. To see if a new version of this file is available, please contact your site's RAISA liaison.

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9386 is to be contained within an SRA-reinforced containment enclosure at Site-3. The enclosure is to have only one entry point, which is to be guarded at all times. Several observational cameras are positioned throughout all areas of the enclosure to ensure that SCP-9386 is observable. SCP-9386 is to be monitored by at least one personnel throughout all hours of the day.

In the relatively common case of a containment breach, Site-3 is to enter a zero-risk Omega-level lockdown. STF Kappa-18 "Seekers" are to enact Protocol CORVID and assist onsite security in performing a complete and extensive search of Site-3 to locate SCP-9386.

All onsite personnel are permitted to volunteer their time to assist in the entity's recontainment if they so wish. In addition, SEEKER.aic has been uploaded to Site-3's security system and all sitewide sensors, which will automatically alert Kappa-18 in the event SCP-9386 is detected.

In the event that SCP-9386 is not found within Site-3, Kappa-18 are to search the sites surrounding environment, performing an outward radial sweep. Once SCP-9386 is found and recontained, it is to be returned to its enclosure and admitted additional counseling. If seen fit, SCP-9386 may have its recreational privileges further revoked as a punitive measure.

**Description:** SCP-9386 is an adult female rook.*Corvus frugilegus*@@ @@ referring to itself as "Greg."  SCP-9386 appears to possess sapience, as well as the ability to form coherent speech utilizing its non-anomalous mimicry capabilities. When interacting with personnel, SCP-9386's temperament has often been described as "strange" and "ignorantly positive."

When not being observed directly or via live footage, SCP-9386 has the capability to translocate itself up to approximately 100 meters away from its current position. SCP-9386 will often attempt to use this ability to breach containment.Often by exploiting miniscule, unidentified blindspots in the view of its enclosure's observational cameras, or concealing itself via presumed anomalous means.@@ @@ and hide from Foundation personnel, in an effort to play "Hide and Seek." SCP-9386 is considered to be anomalously skilled at hide and seek, as it has proven capable of concealing its location within Site-3 from Foundation personnel for up to ~~26 hours~~ ~~six days~~ four weeks.

When hiding, SCP-9386 will often go undetected by imaging devices such as cameras, thermal readers, etc. Rarely appearing on the site's security footage, the only known method of successfully locating SCP-9386 during a breach is via human encounter.

SCP-9386 persistently expresses great enthusiasm towards playing hide and seek, often citing itself as the "Hide and Seek World Champion." SCP-9386 will proclaim itself acquainted with any individual who attempts to seek it out during containment breaches, and is generally overfriendly towards all personnel who interact with it.

Discovered on 01/11/2009, SCP-9386 was initially found within the St. David's shopping complex in Cardiff, Wales. SCP-9386 had apparently hidden itself amongst a display of stuffed toys, and upon being picked up, exclaimed "Hahaha! You found me! Let's play again!" before loudly mimicking the sound of a car alarm.Causing several small children temporary hearing damage.@@ @@ and fleeing the store. Foundation agents were quickly alerted to the ongoing anomalous activity, and managed to contain SCP-9386 following an exhaustive search of the complex.

**Addendum 9386.01:** Notable Containment Incidents

Despite extensive precautionary measures, SCP-9386 has been responsible for over 100 containment breaches since its initial confinement. A log of significant incidents caused by SCP-9386 has been compiled below. For a full list, see file 9386-FIL.

| Date of Incident | Incident Description | Length of Breach | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 11/11/2009 | SCP-9386 breached containment and hid itself within a large box of cookies in Level 1's recreational kitchen, and was discovered several hours later by Junior Researcher Hernandez Lane. No cookies were recovered from the box. | 3 hours | First containment breach caused by SCP-9386. |
| 21/12/2009 | Through unknown means, SCP-9386 managed to conceal itself within a wrapped present underneath the Christmas tree located in the sites main lobby. The entity remained undiscovered until Christmas day, when the present's marked recipient ~~ Dr. Gareth Caernarfon ~~ opened the gift. Upon opening, SCP-9386 loudly vocalized "Haha! You found me! Yay! Merry Christmas!" and performed a prolonged, elaborate dance. | 68 hours | N/A |
| 7/4/2010 | SCP-9386 cleared Site-3's perimeter and fled into the surrounding ecosystem. MTF Kappa-18 discovered the entity two days later, submerged in a small pool of mud and sludge. SCP-9386 was recontained following a lengthy bath. | 75 hours | Personnel located near Wash Room 2B are advised to wear ear protection during any future cleansings, as SCP-9386's pleas for help are known to cause significant hearing damage. |
| 28/10/2010 | SCP-9386 breached containment and managed to wedge itself behind an overhead speaker in the maintenance lobby. SCP-9386 apparently mimicked several tracks of music over the course of the breach, eventually vocalizing the entirety of "Mary" by the Happy Fits approximately ten times consecutively before being recontained. | 7.5 hours | N/A |
| 11/2/2011 | Shortly following another unrelated incident surrounding Researcher Mel Larkey's jeans, SCP-9386 entered the abnormally large right pocket of the Researcher's jeans, remaining unnoticed within the pants for over the course of a day and a half. SCP-9386 was only discovered when it began to consume the surrounding fabric of the pants, loudly vocalizing "Yum! Yummy! I love denim! Mmm!" | 31 hours | As this marks the fourth pocket-related incident Researcher Larkey has been involved with this month, he is no longer permitted to wear pants with pockets. |
| 9/1/2012 | Site therapist Dr. [Pearl N. Langstrum](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9835) discovered SCP-9386 within her office, which began to engage in convoluted conversation with her. Dr. Langstrum conducted a short interview with SCP-9386 before agents arrived to recontain it. | 21 hours | N/A |
| 30/7/2012 | SCP-9386 remained undiscovered for over 400 hours, when reports of abnormal corvid activity emerged in the nearby municipality of Culcheth. MTF Kappa-18 was dispatched and, upon arrival, discovered the situation pertained to an unrelated, non-anomalous rook. SCP-9386 was later discovered in Site Director Albert Ezekiel's personal quarters, under the Director's bed. | 418 hours | SCP-9386 apparently soiled Director Ezekial's electric toothbrush during its time undetected. SCP-9386's breath has noticeably improved. |
| 3/9/2012 | SEEKER.aic sensor's detected anomalous activity approximately 150 meters beneath Site-3. Excavation teams tunneled into the Earth and eventually discovered a small pocket of air containing SCP-9386, who proclaimed "You made it! Hooray!" upon being discovered. | 130 hours | Director Ezekiel later submitted several requests to the Department of Containment for @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ SCP-9386 to be transferred to an alternative site for containment. |
@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**To:** ernestlisa@SCiP.scp

**From:** diralbertezekial@SCiP.scp

**Subject:** SCP-9386

**Date:** 16/9/2012

---

@@ @@

We can't do this anymore, Lisa. I know you've worked extensively with Doctor Rodriguez on this but SCP-9386 has become an active detriment to our site. It hid itself *inside* the site's power generator last night. *Inside!* I don't know how or why it is still breathing.

The DOC won't transfer it, citing the lack of physical harm it's caused. Let alone the fact the ignoramus of a bird has funneled almost all of your divisions funding into playing its elaborate game of hide and go seek. I don't care what you do, get Nineteen on the phone, fiddle with the SRA calibrations again, just keep this bird in its cage, or the figure caused by its next incident will come out of your salary.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**To:** diralbertezekial@SCiP.scp

**From:** ernestlisa@SCiP.scp

**Subject:** SCP-9386

**Date:** 16/9/2012

Director Ezekial,

My deepest apologies. I know SCP-9386 has caused several issues for both you and the Site at large, and I share your frustration. I will submit a formal request to the Department of Containment for additional funding to cover for any further complications it produces.

As for containment, our team has been working with the tech department on a predictive algorithm which could allow SEEKER.aic to alert staff before a demanifestation occurs. This may take some time, however, not to mention the cost. Coincidentally, Dr. Langstrum approached me recently and came forth with her own suggestion, proposing that pinpointing the reasoning for SCP-9386's obsession with hide and seek may reveal a more efficient way of managing it. I admit she appears strangely, but her logic is sound and her record in psychology is particularly noteworthy. Simply a proposal for the meantime.

Let me know how you would like me to proceed, or if you yourself have any further suggestions.

Sincerely,

- Doctor Lisa Ernest

   Site Director of Containment

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**To:** ernestlisa@SCiP.scp

**From:** diralbertezekial@SCiP.scp

**Subject:** SCP-9386

**Date:** 16/9/2012

---

@@ @@

I'll take any option at this point. Let Langstrum interview it, but don't stop working with tech. I expect results soon one way or another.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Addendum 9386.02:** Counseling Log

Following Incident 9386-135, Site-3 therapist Dr. Langstrum has been allowed to conduct several counseling sessions with SCP-9386, with the intent of identifying the reasoning for its obsession with the game of Hide and Seek.

#### **- SESSION 9386-01 -**

**Date:** 25/9/2012

**Counselor:** Dr. Pearl N. Langstrum

**Patient:** SCP-9386

---

**<Start Log>**

*Dr. Langstrum sits silently in her office, staring at her phone with her head in her hand. A knock is heard from the office door, causing her to fumble her phone momentarily, before tucking it in her back pocket.*

**Dr. Langstrum:** Come in!

*A member of security enters, holding SCP-9386 in a small carrier. They let SCP-9386 onto the couch across from Dr. Langstrum, who thanks them as they exit the room.*

**Dr. Langstrum:** Okay! Hello SCP-9386, it's good to see-

**SCP-9386:** GREG! My name is Greg, haha! You guys forget that a lot! It's okay. I like reminding everyone. It's Greg!

**Dr. Langstrum:** ...Yes, that's right. Would you prefer I call you Greg?

**SCP-9386:** Yes! But it's okay if you forget. Your wood smells very nice.

**Dr. Langstrum:** Wh...

*SCP-9386 looks to the large piece of driftwood displayed on Dr. Langstrum's desk.*

**Dr. Langstrum:** Oh! Uhh, thank you.

**SCP-9386:** Smells like the beach!

*SCP-9386 mimics the sound of ocean waves and gull calls*

**SCP-9386:** Like sand and muck! Haha!

**Dr Langstrum:** ...Thank you, very much. That's very nice of you.

*SCP-9386 stares blankly and does not respond.*

**Dr. Langstrum:** So, Greg. Do you know why you're back here today?

**SCP-9386:** Is it to play HIDE AND SEEK??? ARE WE PLAYING HIDE AND SEEK???

*SCP-9386 flaps its wings excitedly and begins singing as it hops around the couch. Dr. Lamgstrum does not blink for approximately 30 seconds.*

**SCP-9386:** Hide and seek is my FAVORITE game!! Did you know I'm the hide and seek world champion?? My Hide-to-seek ratio is higher than anyone else's!

**Dr. Langstrum:** Actually, I wanted to *talk* about hide and seek, if that's alright.

**SCP-9386:** We should most definitely do this! Yes! The earliest known mention of hide and seek comes from the Greek writer Julius Pollux from the second century AD-

**[EXCESSIVE EXTRANEOUS DATA REMOVED]**

**SCP-9386:** When Fleischer Studios made the animated short titled Hide and Seek in 1932.

**Dr. Lagnstrum:** How… do you know all of this??

**SCP-9386:** When you have a PhD.SCP-9386 is a bird, and does not hold an academic degree.@@ @@ in hideseekian studies.No such thing exists.@@ @@ you know everything.

**Dr. Langstrum:** Hm! I guess so. But now I'd like to talk about your personal experience with Hide and Seek. What makes you love it so much?

**SCP-9386:** It's Hide and Seek!

*SCP-9386 starts hopping around the couch.*

**SCP-9386:** You hide, haha! It's fun! Hiding's the best part, the thrill of being found, the suspense! Sitting in a cupboard for days on end with nothing to do but twiddle your feathers and reflect on how the events of your past have influenced your life to bring you where you are today and that there's nothing you can do to change that!

*Prolonged silence.*

**Dr. Langstrum:** Is that... something you'd like to talk about?

*Prolonged silence.*

**SCP-9386:** Look what I can do!

*SCP-9386 begins breakdancing*

**Dr. Langstrum:** Greg, that's very cool, but it seems you're ignoring important feelings of yours, talking about them can really help any struggles you're having.

**SCP-9386:** Boooooooriiiinng!

*SCP-9386 mimics the sound of a foghorn*

**SCP-9386:** The struggle I'm having is not playing hide and seek! I'll hide first. You count to twenty three thousand nine hundred and sixty two then come find me.

**Dr. Langstrum:** No no no, okay, we can talk more about hide and seek. Uhm. Why don't we talk about who you play it with?

**SCP-9386:** My friends! There's Doctor Abraham, Researcher Larkey, Agent Vilsolad, Doctor Rodriguez, Ashley from accounting, David from accounting, those silly funny Seeker guys in the funny suits with the goggles and the nets and the shoes! Ha! Oh! And Albert, of course. Have you felt his toothbrush before? Too pointy. Too prickly. But it's our favorite game, they love playing with me!

**Dr. Langstrum:** They do?

**SCP-9386:** Yes ma'am! It's so much fun! The way they all try to chase me when they find me, the things they'll do to try and find me! Seeing how far they'll go to find me makes me so very very happy, haha! They really love trying to find me! I'm surprised they don't ever give up, seeing as I am the HIDE AND SEEK WORLD CHAMPION!

**Dr. Langstrum:** And you're sure they enjoy this?

**SCP-9386:** Of course! Definitely! Certainly!

*SCP-9386's gaze strays for a moment.*

**SCP-9386:** Definitely.

*A pause.*

**SCP-9386:** I mean, okay, maybe my pure skill at staying hidden and unable to be found by them frustrates them, but they should just get better at finding me! Not my fault they have no skills.

**Dr. Langstrum:** Don't they seem... upset, about it? They seek you out every time, sure, but do they seem happy? Like they're having fun like you?

*Another pause.*

**SCP-9386:** That's- That's ridiculous!! I... Well, maybe I'm just different! Maybe I enjoy it so much more because I'm made for it! I've always been different. The other birds outside never tried to find me. I didn't understand why. I guess I didn't really belong.

*Dr. Langstrum's gaze momentarily shifts to the driftwood on her desk.*

**SCP-9386:** But it's because I'm just not like them! I'm Greg!

*SCP-9386 quickly leaps up.*

**SCP-9386:** And even if they didn't like playing with me, I can always find more friends! Like you!

**Dr. Langstrum:** Of course, like me.

*Dr. Langstrum brings her pen to her chin, tapping it against her mouth several times.*

**Dr. Langstrum:** Do you want more friends that play with you?

**SCP-9386:** That play hide and seek?? With me??

**Dr. Langstrum:** That would *enjoy* playing with you.

*SCP-9386 begins hopping in place, cawing loudly.*

**SCP-9386:** Yes yes yes yes yes yes!! Oh maybe I could even seek! I don't usually seek. Would you hide while I seek?

**Dr. Langstrum:** Er- uh, I would love to, Greg, but-

*SCP-9386 again begins hopping and cawing loudly.*

**Dr. Langstrum:** *But*, I can't, unfortunately. It's... not really allowed.

**SCP-9386:** Oh... okay.

*Dr. Langstrum pauses. She taps her pen to her mouth again.*

**Dr. Langstrum:** I might be able to find someone else to, though. BUT, you have to help me out.

**SCP-9386:** Oooh yes! I love helping! Am I helping by hiding? I'm good at that.

**Dr. Langstrum:** It's the opposite, actually. Do you think you could go a few weeks *without* hiding from us? So I can find you some friends?

**SCP-9386:** Oh. I don't know... that's a LONG time without hide and seek. Hmmmmm...

*SCP-9386 brings its wing to its chin.*

**SCP-9386:** IF... you bring me the latest editions of Belle Armoire Jewelry magazines, with the shiniest pages bookmarked. AND a shiny spoon. And another spoon. And twelve more spoons. Then maybe.

*Dr. Langstrum giggles.*

**Dr. Langstrum:** I'll see what I can do.

**<End Log>**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**To:** diralbertezekial@SCiP.scp

**From:** ernestlisa@SCiP.scp

**Cc:** langstrumpearl@SCiP.scp

**Subject:** SCP-9386

**Date:** 12/10/2012

Director Ezekial,

As of today, the Site has gone two weeks without experiencing a single containment breach from SCP-9386, a record we had not reached for almost three years. As per our tentative agreement regarding Dr. Langstrum's proposed containment plan, this may prove her theory  that a joint-containment solution could be the most effective form of preventing further breaches.

Coincidentally, as I know you're aware, the Department of Ornithology has recently finished construction of the Cohabitive Avian Terrarium and have already successfully introduced several of our onsite anomalies into the enclosure. While I know you have your concerns with both SCP-9386 and the CAT, I believe this would be the easiest and most cost-efficient way of attempting joint-containment.

Let me know how you'd with to proceed.

Sincerely,

- Doctor Lisa Ernest

   Site Director of Containment

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**To:** ernestlisa@SCiP.scp

**From:** diralbertezekial@SCiP.scp

**Cc:** langstrumpearl@SCiP.scp

**Subject:** SCP-9386

**Date:** 12/10/2012

---

@@ @@

Fine. Run a testing trial in the aviary, see if it works. If not, I want that SEEKER algorithm running within the next week. I swear Lisa, if this is what finally gets that headache of an animal to stay put, I'm going to lose my god damn mind.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Addendum 9386.03:** Testing Phase

On 14/10/2012, in tandem with the Department of Ornithology, SCP-9386's containment team began a joint-containment testing trial within Site-3's Cohabitive Avian Terrarium, in an attempt to prevent further containment breaches caused by the anomaly. At the time testing began, 6 SCP objects had already been successfully integrated into the enclosure's environment. Listed below are the relevant testing logs and reports.

---

- **TEST CAT-9386-01** -

---

**Date:** 13/10/2012

**Procedure:** Attempt to integrate SCP-9386 into CAT without incident.

**Report:** SCP-9386 is introduced into the enclosure. SCP-9386 immediately approaches SCP-11███ and begins incessantly beckoning the entity to play with it, while loudly mimicking the sounds of a kazoo. SCP-9386 is promptly removed from the enclosure after SCP-11███ becomes visibly upset, likely due in part to its kazoo-related trauma.

**Closing:** SCP-9386 subsequently undergoes a short course on the importance of manners and politeness. While reluctant, Dr. Langstrum's encouragement sees the entity's behavior improve moderately throughout the course.

**Status:** **##red|FAILURE##**

---

- **TEST CAT-9386-02** -

---

**Date:** 15/10/2012

**Procedure:** Attempt to integrate SCP-9386 into CAT without incident.

**Report:** SCP-9386 is introduced into the enclosure. It explores the surrounding area for several minutes before encountering SCP-10███, which is carving several wooden idols via telekinesis. SCP-9386 begins running towards the entity, before stopping briefly. It appears to think for a moment before taking a deep breath, and politely greeting SCP-10███.

After a brief conversation, SCP-9386 asks the entity if it would like to play Hide and Seek. SCP-10███ declines, stating it has to finish carving its figurine, but offers to play later. SCP-9386 exclaims with glee, and proceeds to depart and sit down next to a bush. The entity grows visibly impatient over the course of the next 10 minutes, before shouting "Okay I'm bored! I'd like to play now!", then demanifesting and breaching containment.

**Closing:** Following its recontainment, Dr. Langstrum attempts to educate SCP-9386 on the importance of engaging in a companion's own interests. While SCP-9386 lacks comprehension of the concept at first, it grasps a firm understanding after Dr. Langstrum explains it in "Hide-and-seek terms."

**Status:** **##red|FAILURE##**

---

- **TEST CAT-9386-03** -

---

**Date:** 18/10/2012

**Procedure:** Attempt to integrate SCP-9386 into CAT without incident.

**Report:** SCP-9386 is introduced into the enclosure. It immediately picks up a thick stick and begins searching the enclosure until it finds SCP-10███, which is carving wood via telekinesis. SCP-9386 happily greets the entity and asks if it can join, to which SCP-10███ gleefully obliges. SCP-9386 utilizes a small rock to carve its branch into an intricate model of the entire Isle of Anglesey, which receives much praise from SCP-10███. SCP-9386 states it "took a few woodcarving courses in highschool".Unconfirmed.

After finishing their wooden models, the entities engage in a round of Hide and Seek. SCP-10███ searches for SCP-9386 for approximately 30 minutes, before finding the entity buried under the assorted food within one of the enclosures tray feeders, to which it proclaims "Huzzah! Hooray! You've found me in the tray!" The entities continue a pattern of carving wood and playing hide and seek together for several hours, before eating a large sum of berries and passing out.

**Closing:** No incidents observed, testing trial set to phase 2.

**Status:** **##green|SUCCESS##**

---

- **TEST CAT-9386-04** -

---

**Date:** 18/10/2012-1/11/2012

**Procedure:** Observe whether or not the CAT will serve as a permanent containment solution for SCP-9386.

**Report:** SCP-9386 and SCP-10███ continue to engage in activities with each other over the course of two weeks, including woodcarving, hide-and-seek, makeshift bowling, stock market theorization, and crude dancing. SCP-9386 also successfully acquaints itself with the other SCP objects within the CAT, including SCP-11███, to which it apologizes for its rude behavior by presenting the entity with a metal spork..~~It is currently unknown how SCP-9386 acquired the spork.~~ Researcher Mel Larkey is no longer allowed access to the CAT or any onsite sporks.

SCP-9386 causes zero containment breaches during this period, instead strictly utilizing hiding spots within the terrarium when playing Hide and Seek. Several other entities periodically join rounds of the game with SCP-9386 and  SCP-11███, often culminating in large, multi-round sessions. SCP-9386 begins to engage in one-on-one activities with these entities as well.

In addition to these observations, SCP-9386's semiweekly counseling sessions with Dr. Langstrum during the testing period have indicated a gradual stabilization in the entity's obsessive thoughts and behavior. While it still exhibits a greater than normal interest in Hide and Seek, it now appears to find delight in a wide variety of activities and subjects.

**Closing:** SCP-9386 is to be permanently contained within the CAT. Counseling sessions  with Dr. Langstrum are to occur on a biweekly basis.

**Status:** **##green|SUCCESS##**

**Notes:** Following the conclusion of the testing trial, Director Ezekial has taken a leave of absence. His office and personal quarters are to be stocked with ibuprofen prior to his return.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**To:** langstrumpearl@SCiP.scp

**From:** ernestlisa@SCiP.scp

**Subject:** Aviary

**Date:** 20/11/2012

Hello Dr. Langstrum,

I've been meaning to message you, we had photos taken of the Aviary. As I'm sure you know, SCP-9386 has been getting along incredibly well with its containment cohabitants. Already an entire month with zero breaches. We've had a moderate overhaul of low-risk avian anomalies coming in to the CAT from sites around England and Scotland this month, and SCP-9386 has been the first one to greet each one of them upon arrival. Introducing itself, showing them around, the observational team even saw it helping a particularly nervous anomaly talk out its personal issues. I wonder where it got that from.

It's become a favorite amongst the anomalies. Some took a bit to warm up to its extravagant personality, but its friendliness wins them over. It has no lack of playmates, that sparrow quartet has been indulging in it's games all day. And you were right. It looks happier too.

I wanted to formally thank you for the proposal as well, it was audacious, but very effective. Getting SCP-9386 to stay put for a few weeks, let alone a whole month (for the most part) really bestowed confidence in you on Director Ezekial's part. I suppose the aspect of understanding goes a long way. Once he's back and over his migraine I'm tentatively sure he'll like to thank you.

You should go over to the aviary, by the way, the plants are growing in nicely. And SCP-9386 has been asking for you to play Hide and Seek with it. Quite a lot, I'm sure you can assume.

And if you need anything, let me know.

- Lisa Ernest

<< [SCP-9385](SCP-9385) | SCP-9386 | [SCP-9387](SCP-9387) >>

=====

> **Filename:** rook.jpg

> **Author:** Jaan Künnap

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:K%C3%BCnnivares_(Corvus_frugilegus).jpg

=====

=====

> **Filename:** aviary.jpg

> **Author:** Daderot

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Interior_-_National_Aviary_-_DSC05710.JPG

=====
