**Item #:** SCP-9161

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** All pieces of SCP-9161 are to be kept in an underground vault and their existence is not to be divulged to any non-Foundation personnel. Anyone found wearing a piece of SCP-9161 is to be terminated immediately.

**Description:** SCP-9161 is a suit of Roman armor with anomalous properties. Each piece of the armor has its own unique properties, but all pieces have the following in common:

All are benign until a human equips them.

None can be removed once equipped.

All are made of an unknown radioactive metal.

SCP-9161-1 is a pair of boots. When equipped, the boots give the wearer the ability to run nearly twenty times faster than they were previously. SCP-9161-1 also gives the wearer increased energy and stamina. The result is a runner with the ability to run as long or as fast as they wish. However, SCP-9161-1 also increases production of lactic acid and deprives oxygen from the legs, causing the wearer to become incredibly fatigued after finishing running with SCP-9161-1's help.

SCP-9161-2 is a chest plate. When equipped, the chest plate increases the wearer's strength, allowing them to carry much heavier weight than they were previously. The maximum weight that can be lifted by a person wearing SCP-9161-2 is still unknown. SCP-9161-2 also causes powerful urges to lift heavier and heavier objects until the wearer crushes themself to death.

SCP-9161-3 is a shield. When equipped, the shield completely protects the wearer from any sort of physical damage to their body. Even if struck directly, SCP-9161-3 protects the wearer as if the blow had been absorbed by the shield itself. It is also one of the two pieces that affect the wearer psychologically. After an unknown period of time, the wearer of SCP-9161-3 begins to believe that they are invulnerable. They also become extremely reckless. However, SCP-9161-3 does not protect against extreme temperature, dehydration, starvation, drug overdose, or illness. This often leads to wearers of SCP-9161-3 either burning themselves alive or forgetting to eat and drink.

SCP-9161-4 is a helmet. When equipped, the helmet grants the wearer psychic abilities including telepathy, telekinesis, increased intelligence, and mind control. However, using these abilities causes the wearer to become extremely fatigued, similar to SCP-9161-1. Wearers of SCP-9161-4 are also immune to the majority of memetics, including that which protects the files of [SCP-001](SCP-001). They also find themselves contacted by a being designated SCP-9161-5.

SCP-9161-5 is a voice often heard by wearers of SCP-9161-4. It claims to be an ancient Roman soldier named [REDACTED]. It often encourages wearers of SCP-9161-4 to seek out other pieces of SCP-9161. Very little is known about it.

**Addendum:** It has been discovered that any human who wears every piece of SCP-9161 will become possessed by the armor itself. They will then forget their previous identity and take the identity of SCP-9161-5. It is hypothesized that SCP-9161-5 is the ghost of an ancient Roman soldier, and that SCP-9161 is the armor he was wearing when he died in battle.

<< [SCP-9160](SCP-9160) | SCP-9161 | [SCP-9162](SCP-9162) >>
