]

SCP-9388 *“Animal crackerz!”* by:  and 

@@ @@

[Read more of my stuff](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-mews-personnel-file)

[read more of Diana’s stuff](http://www.scp-wiki.net/dianas-personnel-file)

**Item #:** SCP-9388

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9388-1 instances are to be monitored at all times by members of the SCP-9388 containment team. ~~Personnel are to observe SCP-9388 for new manifestations of SCP-9388-1.~~ See Addendum-2. 

It has been found that SCP-9388-1 instances are more cooperative with staff when referred to with traditional given names as opposed to designations. Therefore, when dealing with each instance, they are to be referred to by their assigned names.

Personnel are to assure that all SCP-9388-1 instances get a proper diet. Although instances of SCP-9388-2 occur naturally within SCP-9388, additional supplies are to be administered throughout SCP-9388, or to SCP-9388-1 instances directly. 

As neither SCP-9388 nor SCP-9388-1 instances can be relocated, The Foundation has purchased the land hosting SCP-9388. A containment site has been built around SCP-9388.

Any posters or online advertisements for SCP-9388 are to be removed upon discovery. Any witnesses to SCP-9388 or SCP-9388’s advertisements are to be administered amnestics.

**Description:** SCP-9388 refers to a petting zoo located directly on the outskirts of Jonesborough, Tennessee. SCP-9388 contains a variety of animals typically found in non-anomalous petting zoos, designated SCP-9388-1 instances. All SCP-9388-1 instances display an anomalous form of Leucism which, alongside the loss of pigmentation, causes multicolored flecks throughout their coats. 

SCP-9388-2 refers to a variety of different snack foods that spontaneously manifest within the parameters of SCP-9388. Said instances usually consist of gummy fruit candies, graham crackers, frosted animal crackers, apple juice boxes, chocolate milk cartons, fruit-flavored yogurt cups and other small snacks aimed towards a younger audience. SCP-9388-1 instances will only consume foods that are similar to an SCP-9388-2 instance; this includes non-anomalous instances of said food that fall under the criteria.

SCP-9388-1 instances appear to hold some level of sapience and are aware of the people around them. SCP-9388-1 instances will all socialize and play together, regardless of typical dynamics between the breeds of each animal. 

If a SCP-9388-1 instance has began to form a bond with an individual, new SCP-9388-2 instances will spawn that correlate with the snack preferencesSnacks will still align with established SCP-9388-2 critera. of that individual. SCP-9388-1 instances will refuse to consume any food until the chosen individual consumes at least one SCP-9388-2 instance.

If treated poorly by an individual, SCP-9388-1 refuse to acknowledge them and display hostile behavior. 

**Addendum-1:** SCP-9388 was discovered on 07/14/2005 through a physical advertisement that was found on a lamppost near the home of Researcher Alison Briggs. The advertisement labeled SCP-9388 simply as “Peting Zoo” and included crude crayon drawings of various animals, plus SCP-9388's exact location. Upon arrival, it was found that there were no human staff members present. 

**Addendum-2:** After initial containment, Foundation Staff began to research where advertisements for SCP-9388 typically appeared. It was observed that a majority of SCP-9388 posters spawned near locations that have had a child reported missing in the past year, in which the child was never located. For ~50 percent of said households, after investigation, it was discovered that there were patterns of abusive behavior observed.

As of SCP-9388’s containment 07/15/2005, no new instances of SCP-9388-1 have manifested. 

<< [SCP-9387](SCP-9387) | SCP-9388 | [SCP-9389](SCP-9389) >>

=====

> **Filename:** confettisheep

> **Author:** 

> **License:**  CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/collab:confetti-animals/confettisheep

> **Derivative of:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sheep_@_Pet_farm_@_Keukenhof_(17184239582).jpg

> **Additional Notes:** Edits done to image by  , sheep image by Guilhem Vellut, licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic license. 

=====
