###d63615|WaylandLaurencePan##

]

---

---

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES: SCP-9252 has concluded. SCP-9252-1, the cause of SCP-9252, is presently employed as a Deputy Chief Officer of Site Security in Site-512.

DESCRIPTION: SCP-9252 was a localised, ontokinetic incident occurring at the Former National Stadium of Singapore,Closed on 30 June 2007. Demolished February 2011. during the National School Championships on 11/07/2006. Despite the significant ontokinetic shifts observed, no casualties were identified, and there were no discernible lasting changes in reality after the incident.

SCP-9252-1 refers to Soh Ryan, an eighteen-years-old Chinese-Caucasian male with a height of 1.79m and an weight of 63kg at the time of SCP-9252. At the time, SCP-9252-1 was a participant in the A-Division 100m Sprint, seeded fourth. SCP-9252-1 is a latent reality bender operating at a typical Hume reading of 90/120.[Hume level of surrounding area/Hume level within individual.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/and-this-one-explains-humes) Before SCP-9252, SCP-9252-1 was marginally aware of his ability to "make things happen"; following SCP-9252, he was taken into Foundation custody and interviewed. His lack of hostility, innate powers, and willingness to join the Foundation led to his present employment.

HISTORY: The following are the major events comprising SCP-9252, with the time they occurred on the day of 11/07/2007.

Time of Occurrence (HH:MM:SS)

Event

05:08:35

SCP-9252-1 wakes up. Kant counters in the Hougang area measure an average drop of 0.30Hm; no alarm is triggered, as this was considered within acceptable daily and device fluctuations.With the increased accuracy of modern Kant counters, a fluctuation of this level would trigger a Level 3 Alarm.

06:11:@@--@@

SCP-9252-1 arrives at the Former National Stadium. Kant counters in Kallang measure an average drop of 0.55Hm; Site-512 response teams are placed on Heightened Alert.

07:03:@@--@@

SCP-9252-1 meets his coach. They discuss the upcoming events. Kant counters in Kallang return to baseline. Site-512 response teams stood down. Technicians sent to check on detection network.

08:00:02

Commencement of event. Ontokinetic shift detectors begin triggering, at a level within the expected inaccuracies. Technicians already in the area are dispatched to check on those detectors as well. Site-512 response teams stood back up.

09:12:04

SCP-9252-1 walks onto the track. Significant shifts begin occurring from this point onwards. Site-512 response team dispatched.

09:13:@@--@@

During the introductions of the participants in the A-Division 100m Sprint, the commentator places a greater emphasis on the names, and the camera lingers on each individual far longer than average. Nobody registers this as amiss.

09:15:00

In anticipation of the gunshot, the crowd falls unnaturally quiet, reaching -32 dB. The air around the track ceases all movement.

09:15:04

The sound of the gunshot is significantly amplified, reaching a peak of 188 dB. Despite this, none of the expected resultant injuries occur.

09:15:05

As the sprint begins, the track tilts at a 10 degree incline. As the sprinters stand themselves up, the track reverts back to a flat 0 degrees.

09:15:07

SCP-9252-1 is overtaken by one participant (henceforth referred to as "O"). The other participants abruptly become invisible.

09:15:08

The rest of the track behind SCP-9252-1 ceases to exist. The noise from the audience reaches an anomalously high 153 dB. Site-512 response teams attempt to arrive at the scene, but inexplicably find themselves "stuck outside".

09:15:09

SCP-9252-1 begins to catch up to "O". The grass to the left and right of the running track dematerialise.

09:15:11

SCP-9252-1 and "O" are right next to each other. The crowd, abruptly, falls silent. A strong wind begins to blow within the stadium.

09:15:12

Time begins to perceptually slow down. SCP-9252-1's calves catch on fire.

09:15:13

SCP-9252-1 overtakes "O". The sound of his breath, accompanied by that of a thudding heartbeat, begins playing through the stadium's speaker system.

09:15:14

The gap between SCP-9252-1 and "O" begins closing up. The finish line appears to physically move closer to the sprinters, while the sprinters appear to be moving in place. The rest of the stadium fades out of existence, including the audience.

09:15:15

The track abruptly tilts 10 degrees as SCP-9252-1 leans forward, and crosses the finish line.

09:15:16

Baseline reality re-asserts itself, and Site-512 response teams are able to enter the area. Foundation interviews with other participants and audience members reveal that they perceived a typical race, and recall none of the anomalous occurrences.

---

ADDENDUM 9252.I: Excerpt from Foundation Interview Log 9252-8

**[BEGIN EXCERPT]**

**Dr. Sierra:** So you've known for some time?

**SCP-9252-1:** Not known... but I always get good luck, you know. Always find my way. Didn't think it would be like what you said. But I guess it is.

**Dr. Sierra:** Anything this big ever happened to you before?

**SCP-9252-1:** Definitely not... it feels surreal. I just wanted to win so badly. I've honestly never been this focused on anything before, it was like, everything just falls away, it was like tunnel vision.

*<Dr. Sierra shuffles her papers.>*

**Dr. Sierra:** But surely you knew you were going to win.

*<SCP-9252-1 frowns.>*

**SCP-9252-1:** Why would I?

**Dr. Sierra:** Well, you've got your good luck, as you put it.

*<SCP-9252-1 shakes his head.>*

**SCP-9252-1:** That's not how it works... ████████ could have beaten me, and if he did, I would be so frustrated... but sometimes you just lose.

**Dr. Sierra:** Sometimes, you just lose?

**SCP-9252-1:** If I can't lose, then what's the point in winning?

**[END EXCERPT]**

<< [SCP-9251](SCP-9251) | SCP-9252 | [SCP-9253](SCP-9253) >>

This article uses [Basalt Theme](theme:basalt ), by Liryn and Placeholder McD.

> **Filename:** stadium.jpg

> **Name:** National Stadium, Singapore, panorama, May 07

> **Author:** Sengkang

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:National_Stadium,_Singapore,_panorama,_May_07.jpg

> **Filename:** concluded.png

> **Author:** RhineRiver

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/rhineriver-css/concludedIV
