]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-user= --]

|user-id=one

|username=Ula

|usericon=https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/56/FISH_AT_SHIVAJI_MARKET.JPG

|usercolor=#ff5e56

]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-user= --]

|user-id=two

|username=Arius

|usericon=https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/Field_Hamois_Belgium_Luc_Viatour.jpg

|usercolor=#008000

]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-user= --]

|user-id=three

|username=Isock

|usericon=https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/Blue_-solar_eclipse_-IMG_7923.jpg

|usercolor=#D2B48C

]]

]

**Special Containment Procedures:** 

~~SCP-9975 is to be stored on a hard drive within Site-583. All personnel within the site are to be monitored for abnormal actions. If SCP-9975 is to be activated, a AIC is to locate the source and attempt bricking the device. If this doesn't work, then three to six MTF Epsilon-11 members are to be sent to detain the user and end the session. If SCP-9975 is being used, all on-site personnel are to be notified.~~  SCP-9975 has been destroyed and neutralized due to O5-level directive. No further actions are required. Junior Researcher Jacob is to be monitored carefully 24/7 for unusual phenomenon. Leftovers of the hard drive where SCP-9975 is stored have been transferred to locker 975, located in the southern 2nd floor of Site-583. No information is to be spread about SCP-9975 to anyone lower then clearance 4. In the case that a undiscovered SCP-9975 copy is discovered, the account is to be perfectly replicated without the copy, and the user is to be treated with Class-A Amnestics.

**Description:** SCP-9975 was a PowerPoint (.pptm) choose-your-own-adventure styled game  Non-linear via the action object. This, to those who do not commonly use PowerPoint, is not anomalous. set inside Site-583. The game took up approximately 900 MB and had 937 slides. The PowerPoint had 6 characters the user could play as. Those include: D-class personnel, Researcher, MTF, Chaos Insurgency, SCP, and O5. However, to access additional characters, users were required to complete the main story in any way (since the entire PowerPoint contains 50 outcomes) as a D-class or MTF.  Upon using SCP-9975, an individual corresponding to the role that was selected in SCP-9975 within the site was designated as SCP-9975-1 and entered a compelled state. Whatever happens in the PowerPoint, SCP-9975-1 is compelled to do it instantly without a delay, regardless of capability or disabilities. The PowerPoint was proved to be resistant to modification, even on the original device of creation, which prevented Junior Researcher Jacob from updating it. 

**Discovery Log:** SCP-9975 was a PowerPoint made by Junior Researcher Jacob (who is the son of Senior Researcher Abias) on 7/18/2017 as a PowerPoint game to share with their peers whose parents also worked in the Foundation and co-workers. Upon finishing creation of the PowerPoint game, Junior Researcher Jacob presented it to his father, to which he provided positive feedback to him, unaware that the PowerPoint was anomalous. Approximately 12 hours after, Junior Researcher Jacob’s co-worker attempted to play it, causing D-class 07848 (henceforth known as SCP-9975-1) to stop eating their rations and proceed to the closest exit and leave calmly in a non-hostile manner. After SCP-9975-1 entered a ventilation system, they lost consciousness. When the SCP-9975-1 instance regained consciousness 16 seconds later, they exhibited impaired situational awareness. Thirty-nine hours after the first incident, Senior Researcher Abias identified that random D-class personnel were mimicking sequences within the PowerPoint(becoming SCP-9975-1 instances) so Dr. Jill seized Junior Researcher Jacob’s Microsoft account. The file was then transferred to a hard drive on 7/21/2017, and the original file was deleted.

**Neutralization log:** In the following month of discovery, O5-7 issued the neutralization of SCP-9975 due to the unacceptable risk of acquisition of the hard drive by Chaos Insurgency operatives. The destruction of SCP-9975 occurred on 2017/8/17.

<details>
<summary>View transcripts for interrogation/experimentation logs</summary>

**INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** So... why am I here?

**Dr. Jill:** You should know this already.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** what?

**Dr. Jill:** Jacob, you know why you are here.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** why?

**Dr. Jill:** I request that you stop asking and begin answering, Junior Researcher Jacob. We know you are using subterfuge.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Dr. Jill, I also request that you explain to me what you are talking about.

**Dr. Jill:** This is a matter of foundation security.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Did I do something wrong?

**Dr. Jill:** Did your father cause this?

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Cause what?

**Dr. Jill:** Just answer yes or no. You are required to comply to this question.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** I have no idea, sir.

**Dr. Jill:** Please listen to me. I only want the best for us.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Are you sure you want the best?

**Dr. Jill:** Yes I do. now tell us about SCP-9975.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** I don't know about it.

**Dr. Jill:** Yes you do.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Can you tell me about it?

[Junior Researcher Jacob seems to feign ignorance or demonstrate obstructive behavior.]

**Dr. Jill:** Let's try this a different way. Junior Researcher Jacob, what do you know about The SCP Foundation Experience?

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** I made it!

**Dr. Jill:** Explain how exactly you made it.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Alright! It was my first day working here, at Site-583. I was so amazed about everything! The SCPs, the kind workers, the high wages. It was so fricking awesome! So I look around, research, work, all of that. But at the end of the day, I was supposed to make a PowerPoint about my experience. So whilst I am making it, I suddenly remember how when I was young, I made lots of choose-your-own-adventure PowerPoints! Work at a store, escape school and go deep diving were my best! So after I presented the introduction PowerPoint, and went to my bedroom, I got a wonderful idea! What if as a farewell to that era, I would make the biggest, best-est PowerPoint game ever! So for 2 months, day and night I spent my time making the SCP Foundation experience!

**Dr. Jill:** Interesting. Did you use any, illegal tutorials or anomalous objects?

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Nope! None. I only used what I learned 10 years ago!

**Dr. Jill:** Alright...

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** At the point of finishing it, I shared it  with my co-workers to branch out, since I was new and, I knew no-one. So I shared it. with 15 coworkers, and 2 close friends.

**Dr. Jill:** Yes, yes. Continue.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** I got very positive feedback. Everyone liked it. Even... my father.

**Dr. Jill:** Senior Researcher Abias?

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Yes. My father. He was always pressuring me to get better.

**Dr. Jill:** Did he ever tell you about the foundation?

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** No. But when he was home, he would commonly tune into "Anomaly catching", and popular Parawatch forums instead of paying attention to me.

**Dr. Jill:** Oh. Anyway, through what did you share the Powerpoint?

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Discord! A free app primarily used for conversations between gamers. Since their emails are classified, I automatically shared it with my co-workers and friends via Discord.

**Dr. Jill:** May you show the Discord chat?

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Sadly, no. I can't access discord for some reason.

**<END LOG>**

---

Experimentation with SCP-9975 is best recommended. All on-site personnel with Discord are to be reviewed. If personnel are to be found having access to the discord group, their devices are to be confiscated until further notice.

---

**EXPERIMENTATION LOG**

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Senior Researcher Mike:** May I begin, Director?

**Site-583 Director:** I have notified all personnel. Begin.

[SCP-9975 is opened via Windows 10]

**Site-583 Director:** Select O5. I have permission.

**Senior Researcher Mike:** Yes Director.

[Nothing happens]

**Site-583 Director:** Alright. Attempt D-class then.

**Senior Researcher Mike:** Yes Director.

[The "Class-D" option is selected. the screen displays a low-quality image of a cell with 3 buttons labeled "sleep", "escape" and "dance".]

**Site-583 Director:** Select... Escape.

**Senior Researcher Mike:** Yes Director.

[The "Escape" button is pressed. The slide suddenly changes to a thin hallway with ██ cells. The options "run" and "stay" are displayed.]

**Site-583 Director:** How did he get out?

**Senior Researcher Mike:** I have no idea, Director.

[A radio in Senior researcher Mike's hand turns on]

**Junior Researcher Osborn [via radio]:** Hello? Um... A D-class just phased through their fucking cell and now they are just standing there. Is that part of SCP-9975?

[Senior Researcher Mike passes the radio to Site-583 Director]

**Site-583 Director [To radio]:** Yes it is. Thanks for notifying me. Continue monitoring. [Turns to Senior Researcher Mike] anything?

**Senior Researcher Mike:** Nothing, Director.

**Site-583 Director:** Alright then. Select run.

**Senior Researcher Mike:** Yes Director.

[The "Run" button is pressed. The slide changes to a hallway leading out of The D-class sleeping quarters. The options "Eat the wall", "proceed forward" and "stay" are displayed.]

**Site-583 Director:** Alright. [Turns on radio, and speaks to it] What is happening now?

**Junior Researcher Osborn [via radio]:** They just... slid down the hallway without moving their feet.

**Site-583 Director [to radio]:** Nice to know. [turns off radio] Select eat the wall.

**Senior Researcher Mike:** Yes Director?

[The "Eat the wall" button is pressed. The slide changes to a low quality image of broken teeth. the text "OOPS! YOU BROKE YOUR TEETH!" is displayed. Below that, a button with the text "retry?" slowly slides up.]

**Site-583 Director:** Huh?

**Senior Researcher Mike:** What is this Director?

**Site-583 Director:** I... Don't know?

[the radio in Site-583 Director's hand turns on]

**Junior Researcher Osborn [via radio]:** Update, the D-class has their head in the wall. They seem to be choking on concrete.

**Site-583 Director [To radio]:** What?

**Junior Researcher Osborn [via radio]:** I believe that they have died.

**Site-583 Director [To radio]:** Oh. I guess we will do a autopsy.

[Site-583 Director turns to Senior Researcher Mike]

**Site-583 Director:** Restart the powerpoint. Select "MTF".

**Senior Researcher Mike:** Won't that risk a failed mission, Director?

**Site-583 Director:** No. Select it now.

[The "retry" button is selected, and the "MTF" option is selected. The screen displays a image of a snowy forest. The options "proceed" and "camp" are displayed.]

**Site-583 Director:** Select "proceed".

**Senior Researcher Mike:** Yes Director.

[The "proceed" button is pressed. The slide now displays the same image, but seemingly slightly larger. The same buttons are displayed.]

**Senior Researcher Mike:** Did anything happen, Director?

**Site-583 Director:** No. Select "camp".

[The "camp" option is selected. The screen now displays an hand-drawn image of people camping. The text "You got the-HAPPY ENDING- there are 49 other endings to find!" Is displayed at the top of the slide.]

**Site-583 Director:** Oh.

**Senior Researcher Mike:** Is something wrong, Director?

**Site-583 Director:** No, it just seems so... weird. I believe we have enough information to end this experimentation.

**<END LOG>**

**Incident Report [8/16/2017]** On this date, Junior Researcher Jacob selected the "Researcher" role, and selected the "short-circuit site" option on slide 549, causing the entirety of Site-583 to turn off its energy, causing a approximately amount of 42 million dollars in damage, 59 D-class personnel to escape their cells and 9 SCPs to escape containment. At the exact moment this happened, it dawned on Junior Researcher Jacob that SCP-9975 was anomalous.

**RECOLLECTION LOG**

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Site-583 Director:** Begin.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** So I was leaving my cell, after 72 hours of punishment.

**Site-583 Director:** This was done due to our suspicions. 

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Anyway, Once I got to my bedroom, I booted up the PowerPoint and attempted getting the "bad" ending.

**Site-583 Director:** Continue.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** So I select the "short-circuit site" button, and suddenly my computer turns off. and everything in my room. And the whole fucking site.

**Site-583 Director:** This was at 1600.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** So I realize, that my PowerPoint is anomalous. I start panicking in my room, shaking the computer to turn it on-

**Site-583 Director:** Let's go back. What slide was the "short-circuit site" option on?

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Slide 549.

**Site-583 Director:** Alright. Continue.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** So I shake my computer, thinking "maybe I can stop the SCPs via being the SCPs?".

**Site-583 Director:** Yes.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** No success.

**Site-583 Director:** That was obvious.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** So I look around, and grab a wire from my microwave for defense.

**Site-583 Director:** Did you use it?

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** No. I spent the whole time locked in my room.

**Site-583 Director:** Alright, you stayed in your room for the whole breach?

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Yes I did!

**<END LOG>**

---

At this point, O5-7 Said that the neutralization of SCP-9975 is required to happen within a week.

---

**INTERROGATION LOG BETWEEN JUNIOR RESEARCHER JACOB AND SENIOR RESEARCHER ABIAS [1/17/2018]**

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

[Junior Researcher Jacob and Senior Researcher Abias are sitting across from each other in the interrogation room.]

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Hi, father.

**Senior Researcher Abias:** Call me Senior Researcher Abias.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Why dad? I haven't talked to you in 6 months. Even after you applied me to the Foundation, I heard nothing from you. Only once when I presented SCP-9975 to you. You said "cool" and ran away from me.

**Senior Researcher Abias:** I was busy with important Foundation matters.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Still. You could've at least...

[Junior Researcher Jacob stops speaking and looks away from Senior Researcher Abias.]

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** You could've at least welcomed me. Supported me. After 18 years of abuse. 18! Every time i'd get lower than a A+ you would slap me. Multiple times! At one point you tried to fucking kill me when I failed history! With a gun!

**Senior Researcher Abias:** It was all required for you to succeed.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** IN WHAT?

[Junior Researcher Jacob stands up and starts yelling.]

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** YOU ABUSED ME! I HID FROM YOU MULTIPLE TIMES! YOU USED BELTS, FISTS AND GUNS AGAINST ME! YOU TORTURED ME!

[Senior Researcher Abias seems visibly upset.]

**Senior Researcher Abias:** Yes, son.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** What? That's it?

**Senior Researcher Abias:** Yes son, that's it. Im terribly sorry.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** We aren't ending this here.

[Junior Researcher Jacob sits back down.]

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** You abused me, and you expect me to let you go that easily?

**Senior Researcher Abias:** Yes? I'm a higher level. I'm 4 and you are 2.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** I don't give a shit about levels and ranks right now. I care about solving this.

**Senior Researcher Abias:** I request you to stop or else.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Or else what?

**Senior Researcher Abias:** I have the power to demote you. Or if you act like this even more, then I may end your life.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** You want me to fucking die?

[Senior Researcher Abias removes a firearm from their pocket and points it at Junior Researcher Jacob.]

**Senior Researcher Abias:** If you keep acting like this, then yes.

**Junior Researcher Jacob:** Father?

[At this point the interrogation was abruptly ended]

**<END LOG>**

---

Junior Researcher Jacob is not to be within 20 meters of Senior Researcher Abias due to safety concerns. Junior Researcher Jacob has been removed from Senior Researcher Abias family line per Junior Researcher Jacobs request. A Class-B investigation is to be launched on Senior Researcher Abias involvement in SCP-9975.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Show Discord conversation about SCP-9975, submitted by Junior Researcher Bevan (Isock)</summary>

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-start= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=one

|username=Ula

|msg-time=13:02

]]

Yo wsp guys

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=two

|username=Arius

|msg-time=13:02

]]

Hi Ula. How are you?

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=three

|username=Isock

|msg-time=13:03

]]

You better not start your shitty stuff again.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=one

|username=Ula

|msg-time=13:04

]]

What do you mean?

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=three

|username=Isock

|msg-time=13:05

]]

You know, playing with a Powerpoint instead of Researching?

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=one

|username=Ula

|msg-time=13:05

]]

I finished for today

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=two

|username=Arius

|msg-time=13:06

]]

Ok I'm opening the powerpoint

Did you add anything new Jacob?

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=one

|username=Ula

|msg-time=13:06

]]

Please call me Ula for now.

And no.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=two

|username=Arius

|msg-time=13:07

]]

Anyway... how was work today?

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=three

|username=Isock

|msg-time=13:09

]]

As always. research, travel, more research, eat, break, and now i'm talking.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=two

|username=Arius

|msg-time=13:09

]]

Oh well. I'm in the cafeteria rn

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=three

|username=Isock

|msg-time=13:09

]]

I don't see you

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=two

|username=Arius

|msg-time=13:09

]]

In the powerpoint?

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=three

|username=Isock

|msg-time=13:10

]]

oh srry

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=two

|username=Arius

|msg-time=13:10

]]

Ula did you fix the O5 role not working?

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-start= --]

|user-id=one

|username=Ula

|msg-time=13:11

]]

You just need to win with all other roles to unlock O5.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-msg-end= --] ]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:discord-chat-source">:scp-wiki:component:discord-chat-source</a> |inc-end= --] ]]

</details>

**Incident Report [1/7/2018]** Following the initial destruction, it was discovered that Junior Researcher Jacob shared the original copy with 17 of his peers’ own accounts. The copies of SCP-9975 that were shared did not receive the deletion update, resulting in 3 significant containment breaches ([SCP-250](SCP-250), [SCP-3359](SCP-3359) and SCP-████) within the span of 2 weeks. These breaches were triggered by users selecting the Breach containment options on slides 298, 560, 177 and 381. On 1/21/2018 SCP-9975 also caused 3 MTF members to fail a mission to contain a group of [SCP-939](SCP-939) instances because of the abort mission option on slide 548. On 1/23/2018 the O5 role was activated and used, with the "nuke New York City" option being selected. Upon detection of unusual activity from the O5 council, it was determined that it was a case of SCP-9975, so MTF Mu-4 DDoSed the user, harmlessly preserving NYC from destruction, and prevented complete erasure of the Foundation. Following the incidents, all accounts with a copy of SCP-9975 were remotely accessed by Foundation personnel. A perfect replica of each account was made for the 17 minors, though the replicas did not include SCP-9975. 15 of the 17 minors were informed about the incident since their guardians were employed in the Foundation, while 2 were administered Class-A Amnestics since they were civilians. 

<< [SCP-9974](SCP-9974) | SCP-9975 | [SCP-9976](SCP-9976) >>

> **Filename:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/56/FISH_AT_SHIVAJI_MARKET.JPG

> **Name:** FISH AT SHIVAJI MARKET

> **Author:** Microalgae31

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0 

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:FISH_AT_SHIVAJI_MARKET.JPG

> **Filename:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/Field_Hamois_Belgium_Luc_Viatour.jpg

> **Name:**  Field Hamois Belgium Luc Viatour

> **Author:** Luc Viatour

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0 

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Field_Hamois_Belgium_Luc_Viatour.jpg

> **Filename:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/Blue_-solar_eclipse_-IMG_7923.jpg

> **Name:**  File:Blue -solar eclipse -IMG 7923.jpg

> **Author:** Mohnishgrover

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0 

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Blue_-solar_eclipse_-IMG_7923.jpg
