=====

=====

**SCP-9625 : When Life Gives You Lemons...** by 

**Prompt:** Life gave this guy way too many lemons

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:advanced-information-methodology">:scp-wiki:component:advanced-information-methodology</a> blocks=!

|site=[Site-58](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-58)

|dir=O5-5

|head=Dr. Erin Baskerville

|mtf=[MTF Pi-1](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#pi-1)

]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9625-1 and SCP-9625-2 are to be held in a temporary Standard Humanoid Containment Cell until further notice. Every month, SCP-9625-2 must provide the Foundation with all the lemons produced by SCP-9625-1 to avoid clutter and support research.

Because SCP-9625 poses no immediate threat to the Veil, the containment procedure should instead focus on SCP-9625-2 and its cooperation to facilitate easy containment.

Upon request, SCP-9625-2 will conduct a recorded interview with SCP-9625-1. Dr. Erin Baskerville will provide SCP-9625-2 questions for SCP-9625-1 to answer.

---

**Description:** SCP-9625 is a collection of anomalous lemons that manifest from SCP-9625-1, which in turn is currently under the ownership of SCP-9625-2. Upon consumption, SCP-9625 grants the user a 20% chance to get a 10% increase in luck over the course of the next 24 hours.

SCP-9625-1 is a small lemon tree that produces instances of SCP-9625. SCP-9625-1's appearance is standard for a lemon tree with the exception of a distinct glow while communicating. Interactions with SCP-9625-1 are possible only with SCP-9625-2, during brief five-minute exchanges of lemon offerings. SCP-9625-1 will double its lemon output every month.

SCP-9625-2 is David Cooper, a junior programmer living in Brooklyn, New York. Before acquiring SCP-9625-1, SCP-9625-2, identifying itself as a NEETNot in Education, Employment, or Training has been unable to obtain any jobs for over the past few years according to its personal history. SCP-9625-2 once lived with its parents before moving to a low-rent apartment after its parents forced it to move out. Based on recording and testings, SCP-9625-2 has a strong aversion to lemons.

Despite SCP-9625-2's history of bad luck, there is no relationship between it and SCP-9625-1.

---

**Addendum 9625.1: Discovery**

SCP-9625 was discovered after the Foundation detected unusual probability interference in small parts of Brooklyn. The device'sUse constantly to locate frequencies of probability abnormality. radar shows a lemonade stand, with the pitcher as the main source. Investigation revealed that the lemonade containing SCP-9625 was made up of 12 lemons and 70% waterDespite being behind on water bills., with no sugar.

Many customers at the stand are SCP-9625-2's neighbors, who expressed their surprise and delight at SCP-9625-2's willingness to contribute to the community, though they also hoped the lemonade would be sweeter.

MTF Pi-1 (“City Slickers”) was able to contain SCP-9625-2 by posing as police, apprehending SCP-9625-2 under the guise of suspicious drug-related crimes as a cover story. During the containment attempt, SCP-9625-2 resisted arrest, shouting 'I'm not going back to jail' SCP-9625-2 is shown to have no criminal records.. MTF Pi-1 also managed to retrieve SCP-9625-1 during their search of its apartment.

---

**Addendum 9625.2: Interview with SCP-9625-2**

> **Interviewed:**  SCP-9625-2

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Erin Baskerville

> 

> **Foreword:** SCP-9625-2 is placed in an interrogation room after some struggles with the guard. After being placed in a seat, Dr. Baskerville sits on the opposite side, remaining calm while SCP-9625-2 is still agitated.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Baskerville:** Greetings, David. How are you?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** I don't know, where am I?

> 

> **Baskerville:** Relax, you’re just here to answer a few questions. We have warrants for your supposed drug-related crimes. We simply want to make sure everything is legit.

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Drug related? The hell did I ever do?

> 

> **Baskerville:** We were given an anonymous tip. Apparently you are selling illegal substances. Sounded pretty urgent, but we want to double check.

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Hold on, I don't even use weed and never will.

> 

> **Baskerville:** That’s why you’re here. To state your case. This will go smoothly if you cooperate, understand?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Sure, I guess.

> 

> **Baskerville:** Good. Now tell me: Where did you get the lemon tree?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Lemon tree? It's just a lemon tree. What's so suspicious about that?

> 

> **Baskerville:** I don't know, you might have no permit for selling drinks like that.

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Who the fuck needs a permit for this shit? Food stamps might not get me sugar, but it's fine! You don't have my warrant to search through my crib!

> 

> **Baskerville:** Look... how did you get that lemon tree?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** I don't know, it just showed up in my bedroom. It even speaks to me about something like: 'When I give you lemons, you better make them lemonade'. I don't even like lemons.

> 

> **Baskerville:** Interesting. Has it said anything else?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** No, not really, yeah...

> 

> **Baskerville:** I like to know your daily routine. Mind filling me in on any questionable substances you might’ve been exposed to?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Getting a little personal, don’t you think?

> 

> **Baskerville:** I can’t help you, unless I get the full picture.

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** alright, fair enough. Just give me a moment. I mean, like I said, I never done drugs before. I even think doing marijuana is too much for me. The only addiction I have is being online 24/7.

> 

> **Baskerville:** Let em guess, 4chan?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** No.

> 

> **Baskerville:** Damn, you got me right there. So why did you say 'I'm not going back to jail', even though you have no criminal records?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** God, I was panicking, okay? Fuck, now my neighbors will think I rob banks and shit.

> 

> **Baskerville:** I mean, we all fumbled sometimes. Alrighty, that's settled then. We'll keep you in the cell until further notice.

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Wait, you guys ain't questioning me further?

> 

> **Baskerville:** We have our own methods, dear.

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Cool, I guess. So do I get my lawyer or..?

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-9625-2 has been placed in its cell and is nervously adjusting in its new environment.

---

**Addendum 9625.3: Interview with SCP-9625-1**

---

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 3/01/25

**NOTE:** Due to the dozen lemons used last month, SCP-9625-2 is to remain in its containment cell to get lemons from SCP-9625-1. Dr Baskerville is also instructing SCP-9625-2 on questions to ask SCP-9625-1. SCP-9625-2 is fitted with a hand-held GoPro for recordings.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**[0:00]:** *(SCP-9625-2 is seen visibly shaking.)*

**[0:03]:** **SCP-9625-2:** Come on, come on, come on...

**[0:07]:** *(SCP-9625-1 starts to glow and speaks as a woman in a gleeful manner.)*

**[0:10]:** **SCP-9625-1:** Hey, buddy! Long time no see, eh?

**[0:12]:** **SCP-9625-2:** It's been one month.

**[0:19]:** **SCP-9625-1:** Yeah, good stuff, good stuff. So how've you been with my lemons and stuff?

**[0:31]:** **SCP-9625-2:** Well, I started my business, just a lemonade stand that you asked. Then some popo took me for suspicion of drug dealing and shit.

**[0:38]:** **SCP-9625-1:** Man, that explains the place we're in right now. Anyways, let me just-

**[0:50]:** *(SCP-9625-1 then grunts as it visibly rapidly grows 24 lemons.)*

**[0:52]:** **SCP-9625-1:** Alright, there's lemons for you.

**[0:58]:** **SCP-9625-2:** Thanks, I guess. Say, mind if I ask you a few questions?

**[0:59]:** **SCP-9625-1:** Shoot away.

**[1:00]:** **SCP-9625-2:** Why me?

**[1:08]:** **SCP-9625-1:** I came to you, in the hope you’ll turn your life around. And you haven’t. Why?

**[1:22]:** **SCP-9625-2:** Oh, I don't know. Maybe because lemons ain't my thing? Not to mention I'm here in this cell. The fuck you want me to do? Negotiate a guard?

**[1:25]:** **SCP-9625-1:** Yeah, you're one unfortunate bastard, huh?

**[1:49]:** **SCP-9625-2:** If you know I hate lemons then why are you here? I heard that your lemons bring people luck and stuff, and I can't even have that! Besides, I'm literally on the verge of losing my apartment due to rent and not even my shitty lemonade can solve it!

**[1:57]:** **SCP-9625-1:** Well... You'll figure it out, as life finds a way eventually. I'd better go now, bye!

**[1:59]:** **SCP-9625-2:** No, wait, come back-!

**[2:05]:** *(SCP-9625-1 stops glowing and SCP-9625-2 can be seen visibly frustrated.)*

---

[END LOG]

---

**Addendum 9625.4: Release**

After days of testing involving [REDACTED], the results were the termination of multiple D-Class and near-fatal injuries to SCP-9625-2. The Ethics Committee has proposed allowing SCP-9625-2 to go free in exchange for monitoring. According to the Committee, because SCP-9625 only gives people a 20% chance of inheriting its 10% luck ability, it should be carefully monitored in case of a Veil breach.

After the return, MTF Pi-1 has been ordered to administer Class C amnestics to inhabitants of the apartment to make them think SCP-9625-2 has not disappeared. The Foundation also establishes that an assigned agent will collect the lemons from the downtown area every month.

---

**Addendum 9625.5: Re-Containment**

A month after SCP-9625-2's initial release, the Foundation was notified again about unusual changes from SCP-9625. This time, the devices have a 50% chance of encountering bad luck in SCP-9625-2's neighborhood. MTF Pi-1 returns, reporting a health code violation. This time, SCP-9625-2 did not resist apprehension and remained cooperative.

During inquiries, neighbours expressed their disappointment with the lemons' quality, noting that they had become bitter. SCP-9625-2 appears to look shocked and sad during containment.

<details>
<summary>+ Open updated containment procedure</summary>

Due to current circumstances, SCP-9625-2 is to remain in the Foundation's custody indefinitely. SCP-9625-2 is to be placed in a Standard Humanoid Containment Cell with necessary commodities. SCP-9625-1 must be well-maintained, with 6-8 hours of sunlight and watering.

When instances of SCP-9625 materialise, they will be collected and disposed of in a food compost.

</details>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9625-2

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Erin Baskerville

> 

> **Foreword:** SCP-9625-2 has been place in its cell. Before the interview, Dr. Baskerville has been briefed on the events surrounding SCP-9625-2's capture.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Baskerville:** Welcome back, David. How are you feeling?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Pretty fucked up to be honest.

> 

> **Baskerville:** That's bad, what happened to your lemons?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Today, the lemon tree decided that I actually don't need the lucky lemons anymore. I ask why and it says that I need to balance my shit out, whatever that means. And that's the last time we ever talked, ever. And now my lemons started tasting too sour and shit.

> 

> **Baskerville:** The hell did you do?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** All I know is that I accidentally dropped it to the floor on Sunday. There's a slight crack on the pot, so I used my neighbor's superglue to fix it. So maybe that's why it acted that way.

> 

> **Baskerville:** Damn, having some butterfingers such, eh?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** I actually tripped from air.

> 

> **Baskerville:** That too. So, how do you feel about all of it?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** I don't know, really. I think I lost my apartment because of that incident, and also because of my rent, and now I'm here. Fuck my stupid life. Might as well make this my home I guess.

> 

> **Baskerville:** Hey, it's okay. Like I said, we all fumble sometimes. And other times, things end up in our favors. At least now we can give you accomodations. All free, no guarantee. So make yourself comfortable. We'll be testing your lemons soon and fix the pot later.

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Not with the Russian roulette like last time, right?

> 

> **Baskerville:** No, we decided it's too dangerous for your own good.

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Thank fuck! So do I have to pay rent or..?

> 

> **Baskerville:** Not necessarily, dear. I'll just be around with you, like a friend, yeah?

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Appreciated, man! What's your name again?

> 

> **Baskerville:** Just Erin for you. Give or take.

> 

> **SCP-9625-2:** Thanks, name's David by the way.

> 

> **Dr. Baskerville gives a sly smile to SCP-9625-2.**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Dr. Baskerville notes how calm SCP-9625-2 is in terms of being held in its containment. The new tests of SCP-9625 is proceeding.

]

<< [SCP-9624](SCP-9624) | SCP-9625 | [SCP-9626](SCP-9626) >>

> **Filename:** Lemon.jpg

> **Author:** André Karwath aka Aka

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.5

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lemon.jpg
