.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

====

=====

Piers,

Sorry I couldn't respond sooner, but it's bad up here. You think the research division is in the dark? The whole department here is in a panic. We're lit up with calls from across the board. Even the North Atlantic Overseer is getting involved.

Site-93 is gone. I don't mean that they've gone dark. I mean *gone* gone. Staff, inventory, the objects, everything. The entire building down to the foundations is just not there anymore. No one knows what's going on or if it was an attack or if something they were doing went wrong. Most of the calls up here are ETTRA, the Department of External Affairs, and the Continuity Office all trying to figure out what the hell happened and how to explain away a full-on New York high-rise just up and vanishing.

I can't really say much more since we don't really know anything, and it's probably above my clearance anyway, but I did overhear a couple floor managers mention 9132. Apparently one of the newer objects listed at Site-93 or something. Maybe it had something to do with it? You've still got archival access, right? I can key you into some limited surveillance records too. If you feel like making yourself useful, maybe dig through the database and see what you can find out. I could really use the help painting a clear picture here.

@@ @@

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

##### The following file is under active revision and is yet to be approved for database distribution.

Any and all information is subject to pending review and may not reflect current Foundation standards and/or up-to-date containment procedures. If you believe you are seeing an erroneous file version, please contact your local RAISA office.

**Item #:** SCP-9132

###990000|**Level 3/9132**##

**Object Class:** Safe

###990000|**Classified**##

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the item's estimated age, SCP-9132 is to be stored in a standard archival grade storage box within Site-93, Containment Lot 7-H. The storage environment's humidity and temperature levels are to be regulated to 30%-50% and 18C-24C, respectively. To avoid damage, personnel are to wash hands and wear Foundation standard white inspection gloves while handling SCP-9132.

Any interactions with SCP-9132 requires Alchemical Department clearance or direct prewritten approval from SCP-9132 Project Lead Dr. Tessa Lupei.

**Description:** SCP-9132 is a small hardbound book of an indeterminate number of pages. No title or similarly recognizable clues to signify an author or origin are present with its cover otherwise depicting an encircled hexagram through iron rivets. The leather used in SCP-9132's binding is composed from several disparate animal sources, including *Bos taurus*, *Equus ferus caballus*, *Capra hircus*, *Homo sapiens*, and *Panthera leo*Cattle, horse, goat, human, and lion. Attempts to measure the exact number of SCP-9132's pages prove ineffectual due to SCP-9132 anomalously generating or destroying pages upon each interaction.

SCP-9132 contains essays, instructions, recipes, and other encyclopedic information regarding "Alchemy Though sharing the same name with the recognized branch of natural philosophy, the concepts presented within SCP-9132 often contradict or misalign with commonly accepted principles of historical and modern alchemy. " and related rituals. These contents are recorded in a previously undocumented language, partially employing a post-Adamic script. However, any person reading SCP-9132, regardless of their native language, are capable of comprehending SCP-9132's contents despite its unknown manuscription. Modern translation methods, including translation software, fail to detect or analyze any of the writing present within SCP-9132.

---

**Supplemental Materials:** The following is a collection of reports, transcribed SCP-9132 excerpts, recordings, and other relevant data. These materials were last updated ,,***2 hours and 41 minutes***,, ago. For additional files, see Document 9132-Archive-2R.

...In Alchemy, there is one rule that must always be taken into account when attempting any transmutation or similar divinations: something cannot come from nothing! This law of conservation and exchange provides the foundational backbone of any alchemical process, regardless of the Many-Armed Star's imposed commandments. Appropriate offerings composed of equivalent materials, energy, and humanistic attributes deigned impure by the divine are required for success, and the more complex your sacrament, the more precise and expansive your sacrifices must be. Without necessary preparation and the proper reagents, any ritual you attempt may fail or, worse, produce unintended results. Many alchemists, both amateur and experienced, make the common mistake of neglecting this foundational principle. Don't be one of them!

,,***-Transcribed Excerpt, Page 27 - "So You Want to Steal Knowledge from the Garden"***,,

##### **SCP-9132 Personal Research Notes #02C - 9/21/1997**

***Dr. Ward, Linguistics and Esoterica Studies***

When Tessa came to me asking for my expertise in deciphering our newest find, she told me I was going to have a "linguistical field day." I'm already tearing my hair out and I've just started. From a research standpoint, it's annoying. Don't get me start on the changing number of pages, but the language used in SCP-9132 is defiant. It resists all attempts to examine it, giving us very little wiggle room to understand how it works. And it certainly doesn't help that it reads like a travel brochure.

The language, or SCP-9132 itself, could possibly be memetic in nature, directly manipulating our perception and implanting meanings, but we've all gone through the training. Memetic anomalies, no matter how subtle, depend upon twisting reality. That means bypassing biological processes and altering perceptions, and that always leave traces, either chemical or psychological. SCP-9132 doesn't check enough boxes for that. Nothing is *actually* happening. No alterations. Where others might see manipulation, I'm seeing obfuscation.

I take one sentence from one page of SCP-9132, and I focus onto one word, one letter. I only try to examine an individual brushstroke, the very basic building blocks of this language and how these blocks are put together. But I can't. I simply can't examine it. Something instinctual, subconscious even, is preventing me. I see a scribble and a black dot that could be spilt ink for all I know, and like second nature I internalize the letter "A". I know that's not what it is in front of me, but something in my mind is hardwired to perceive nothing else.

It is an infuriating contradiction of the senses. The language within SCP-9132 is not English, plain as day, but I cannot interpret it as anything but English. I'm not translating anything, only comprehending. Like an illusion, SCP-9132's language practically exploits how our brains perceive it. It almost feels invasive. Dominant. Language is meant to be adaptable with changing rules and word meanings to better reflect a culture or time period. It's why we have slang, for instance. But SCP-9132's manuscription seems to do the opposite. As if we're only allowed to understand what it says and not how it says it.

Still, I will admit I am thrilled. Frustrated, but excited.

= **ARCHIVED PERSONNEL CORRESPONDENCE**

Hey Regis,

I wanted to let you know that the carbon dating results on SCP-9132 came back from the lab earlier this morning. They're rather odd.

I'll spare you the beta counting jargon they included in the formal report, but the final figures were inconclusive. Apparently, that can mean a lot of things, but the technicians are leaning towards two possibilities: either SCP-9132 possesses an anomalous property that affects the measurement of ^^14^^C, or SCP-9132 is so old that radiocarbon dating is ineffective, meaning at least 50,000 years.

Obviously, SCP-9132's design, like its tight back binding and flat spine, suggest it being authored sometime before the 16th century, but 50,000 years? That would be older than the use of papyrus in Ancient Egypt. Older than the development of agriculture and irrigation even. I simply find the idea far too outlandish, even for the Foundation's standards. I'm thinking there's something that they, that we, overlooked. There must be, surely.

You've had your hands on it more than the rest of us so far. I'd love to hear what you're thinking before we start the tests on Saturday.

Regards,

= **TESTING LOG 9132-01**

---

**RESEARCH LEADS:** Dr. Tessa Lupei, Dr. Regis Ward

**PARAMETERS:** Tests performed in Testing Chamber-B5, subterranean. Standard set up:

* One (1) table

* Two (2) KIP Emitters

* One (1) single-photon detector (SPD)

* One (1) Geiger counter

**Foreword:** To prove/deny the validity of SCP-9132's alchemical concepts, testing involving rituals described within SCP-9132 was approved. Only rituals scoring 7 or higher on the Trismegistus Scale based on available preliminary data were considered, to avoid triggering potentially hazardous scenarios.

---

| **Date:** | **Notes:** | **Results:** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 9/27/97 | *Basic Ritual of Pyrrhic Chrysopoeia* - Described as method of artificial gold-making. Requires 50g of refined iron, 20g of sulfur powder, 17mL of goat's milk, and one rose petal. | Upon completion, all prescribed materials vanished. In their place, approximately 1kg of pyrite coins appeared, neatly stacked in several piles. |
| 9/28/97 | *The Journeyman's Return-to-Sender* - Described as method of sending written messages across long distances, supposedly making use of aetheric space. Requires precise arrangement of chalk lines, 1 hawk feather, and 1L of pomegranate juice with pulp. The word "hello" written on printer paper was used as the message. | Prescribed materials and message vanished. No other effects. |
| 9/28/97 | *Exploitation of the Soul's Mendacarrian Window* - Described as method of revealing those who intend to deceive. Requires 10g of iron shavings, 1.2L of a grapefruit juice and mercury solution, and one ram's horn. | Upon completion, all prescribed materials vanished, including the table and both KIP emitters. Shortly after, Dr. Ward, present in observation, began coughing intermittently and described a feeling of "something caught in his throat." With aid from Researcher Aguirre, Dr. Ward eventually expelled a single nugget of silver. |
| 9/30/97 | *Transmutation of the Phosphoric Illumination of Internal Starlight* - Described as method of "attuning oneself to the celestial movements of the spirit." Requires 19g of salt crystals, one medium-sized stone bowl, 2L of purified water, and one drop of human blood. | No effect. |

#### SITE-93 GENERAL SECURITY NOTICE - 9/29/97

Several "missing object" reports have recently been submitted to the Security Services Office. Due to the volume of inquiries, as well as the new sitewide containment procedures demanding increased security attention, we are asking all personnel for any assistance in finding the following missing items:

* *Lab uniform and identification card* - Researcher Blake Aguirre

* *Personal photos and "Psyche and Matter" by Marie-Louise von Franz* - Dr. Tessa Lupei

* *Spare keys to Office Suite 11D, floor 11* - Researcher Gavin Boudreaux

* *Custodial cart and related cleaning products* - Ohto Paavola

* *"Little Fourteen-Year-Old Dancer" sculpture replica and office chair* - Kim Lian

* *Potted Easter Cactus* - Senior Officer Glenn Montgomery

Any and all information is greatly appreciated.

If you do not see your report listed here or need to submit a new inquiry, feel free to contact the Security Services Office, Floor 9, but please be mindful of standard security priority protocols when submitting a report.

*Senior Officer Glenn Montgomery*

*Security Services*

= **SITE-93 SURVEILLANCE VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 10/1/1997

**NOTE:** Security footage of the westside hallway entrance to Containment Lot 7-H, wherein SCP-9132 is stored.

---

##### <BEGIN LOG>

**12:28 EST:** *The hallway is crowded with personnel, heading out of the research labs and presumably to lunch. Dr. Tessa Lupei is seen amidst the crowd, approaching the checkpoint door into Containment Lot 7-H. She is using her walking cane and is carrying a small Foundation-regulation storage box. She struggles to both carry the box and use her cane efficiently, but she manages. She swipes her identification card to open the door and proceeds inside.*

**14:13 EST:** *Hours pass. Personnel have returned to work after their breaks, occupying the research labs once more. Lupei has not left Containment Lot 7-H.*

**16:42 EST:** *More hours pass. The checkpoint door finally opens and Lupei is seen exiting. The storage box and her cane are no longer in her possession. She walks down the hall and reenters the research labs. Her gait seems more stable.*

##### <END LOG>

...Do you wish to perceive God? Most robbed-eye scholars of Marduk will understandably recommend avoiding the experience, quoting the resulting uncontrollable urge to remove one's ocular facilities and the feeling of someone else occupying your mind. However, for any aspiring alchemist, confronting the Truth is a rite of passage. With proper safety and well-managed practice, you too can glimpse the secrets He devoured with His infinite maw and keep your peepers intact like a pro!

,,***-Transcribed Excerpt, Page 231 - "Claiming Your Birthright 101"***,,

##### **SCP-9132 Personal Research Notes #17A - 10/2/1997**

***Dr. Ward, Linguistics and Esoterica Studies***

The name Marduk is rather prevalent throughout SCP-9132. Appears almost as much as the references to God, though which "God" is being referred to is still unclear. This Marduk figure, however, is constantly being associated with concepts akin to astral projection and attaining higher or rejected knowledge, as well as this "robbed-eye scholars" group. Practically all of the described rituals in SCP-9132 are attributed to him in one way or another, backhandedly so, sourcing him as the theoretical font of alchemical knowledge.

Historically, Marduk was a real figure: the patron deity of Babylon, "the highest in the house of gods" and the creator of mankind. He is the representation of Jupiter and was the divine authority in Babylonian religion, but SCP-9132's text does not seem to treat him as such. Instead, he is referred to in a sort of diminutive way, always lesser to the "Many-Armed Star." The knowledge and the glimpses beyond the veil *this* Marduk offers are presented more subversively, as if the alchemists of SCP-9132's text are attempting to deceive this other higher God. Perhaps even supplant him.

It reminds me of Prometheus, granting mankind enlightenment we weren't meant to have. Was this other Marduk punished in a similar way? What forbidden knowledge were these alchemists given? Does SCP-9132 even have those answers? Surely it does. It must. It presents all of these new ideas and concepts and ways of thinking, and that's it? That's all there is? I refuse to believe that. SCP-9132 is something to be solved, like everything else.

Regardless, the Babylonian allusions are mounting.

**Addendum:** "Behold, they are a single people and they have only one language. This is only the beginning of what they will do."

= **SITE-93 SURVEILLANCE VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 10/14/1997

**NOTE:** Security footage of the eastside hallway entrance to Containment Lot 7-H. The following feed was captured outside of Site-93's normal hours of operation.

---

##### <BEGIN LOG>

**02:31 EST:** *Audio detection sensors are triggered, activating automatic night vision video and audio recording. The hallway is empty, and distant windows at the far end show glimpses of the New York skyline. The checkpoint door into Containment Lot 7-H is in partial view, roughly midway up. Air heating systems loudly whir to life.*

**02:33 EST:** *A muffled scratching sound is detected as overhead vents shake and adjust to spewing out warmer air.*

**02:36 EST:** *The air heating systems die down, but the scratching noise does not stop. It originates from beneath the camera's position, approximately near the door to Containment Lot 7-H.*

**02:37 EST:** *The scratching becomes more prominent, akin to scraping nails or claws. The door repeatedly budges, as someone or something unseen is trying to open it, but it does not move enough to trigger any alarms. This continues.*

**02:41 EST:** *An unknown vocalization can be heard. The voice is barely audible, recognized neither as feminine nor masculine, and does not match to any registered personnel stationed within Site-93 at the time of recording.*

**Unknown:** ...Please...

**02:42 EST:** *The scratching continues, becoming more feverish and rapid. The noise's source cannot be seen.*

**Unknown:** ...Take me back. I didn't mean it. You are all that I have. I need you...

**02:47 EST:** *The scratching noise is replaced by a soft banging, akin to an open palm on a hard surface. The checkpoint door jolts in place with each thud, but it does not open and no alarms are sounded.*

**Unknown:** ...You can come back. To the garden. It can be like it was. I won't hurt you again...

**02:50 EST:** *The banging intensifies even further, like someone slamming a fist against the door. It sounds desperate and panicked as this unseen presence tries to get through, but the door does not open. No alarms trigger.*

**02:56 EST:** *The pounding slowly dies back down to faint scratching until stopping altogether. The door goes still.*

**Unknown:** ...Please...

**02:57 EST:** *The vocalization goes silent.*

**03:01 EST:** *Air heating systems ramp up again, filling the hall with warm air. No further activity detected.*

##### <END LOG>

##### **SCP-9132 Personal Research Notes #19B - 10/15/1997**

***Dr. Ward, Linguistics and Esoterica Studies***

None of the tests we're performing following SCP-9132's instruction have produced anything of real merit so far, and applying the principles of its text to other avenues of thought is similarly yielding little results. I have to wonder if we're approaching SCP-9132 the wrong way. We're comparing its concepts to the alchemy we know, expecting the same physical, tangible results you get with known alchemy. The practice of purifying metals, crafting elixirs of great medicinal value, and achieving the perfection of the human body and soul. SCP-9132's authors are constantly rejecting the physical. The human body especially. They present our bodies and the physical world as ruined things, once perfect but never again, stolen by the Star God and used in false idolatry.

"The confusion of tongues." Other Sumerian and Babylonian asides, like Marduk, have been creeping through as well. Names like Enmerkar and Aratta being lovers instead of kings in conflict, the gods Nisaba and Nabu being mortal scribes, and the Euphrates River being constructed and not natural. Confusion, contradictions, false information. And this Many-Armed Star is always described as claiming these stories for himself. Stealing credit for the things mankind has done. As far as I know, God, the biblical one, has only ever "stolen" one thing from man. Our language. Our unity at the Tower of Babel, as the myth goes. SCP-9132 suggests maybe more than that might have been taken.

With that in mind, we might not be doing enough to understand SCP-9132. It has set up a game of chess for us to play, but we've pulled out a deck of cards and decided to play poker. Our research is too methodical and caught up in trying to read between the lines, rejecting the surface-level, when SCP-9132 is demanding a battle of attrition. Give something up, and we get something in return.

But what am I, we, willing to sacrifice? What do we, I, want in return?

I don't trust it, but if I am going to play by its rules, I intend to win.

...Do you feel safe, alchemist? Ensuring you are ready to lose your sense of mortal linearity is one of our upmost priorities. After all, tempting the ire of the Many-Armed Star is a dangerous business, and one that often does not provide the answers you may desire. Do you feel safe, scholar? Alchemy demands all manner of sacrifices, highest among them to shed the comfort you may or may not feel in your own body. We are all inherently wrong, chimeric amalgamations forced to be smothered under the weight of our itching, disgusting skin. Do you feel safe, researcher? In Alchemy, we do what's best for humanity, and that means taking back what is rightfully ours. God did not mold us in His own image. He stole ours to trick us. Do you feel safe, human? In your crumbling house of bones? If not, which is to be expected, ego consumption is highly recommended. Turn to page 837 to find out more...

,,***-Transcribed Excerpt, Page 509 - "Opening Your Inner Eye and Other Helpful Tips"***,,

#### RECORD OF DISCOVERY

---

**Date of Retrieval:** 9/2/97

Intelligence from the Unregistered Anomalies Commission reported increased activity from the ███████ █ ████ Auction House, a known distribution hub in lower Manhattan for collectors interested in anomalous objects. Reports suggested a new item of interest to the Foundation, among the other mundane offerings, would soon be sold. Agent Whitlow was assigned for covert retrieval, with MTF Theta-9 ("Coyote Crew") deployed on standby.

The retrieval operation began at 10:50 EST. Agent Whitlow entered the auction house premises acting as an interested buyer. The auction would last for several hours with the bulk of the items sold being reported as showing no signs of anomalous properties. At 14:15 EST, the agent confirmed visual on the auction's "top offering," hereafter known as SCP-9132. Presenting SCP-9132, auction house staff would describe the item's initial discovery near the Persian Gulf, as well as its easily understandable manuscription.

Before bidding began on SCP-9132, Agent Whitlow reported a "demonstration" taking place and requested immediate MTF reinforcement. MTF Theta-9 engaged and moved in through rooftop access, descending down a service stairwell to the auction floor. MTF members described smells of urine, heavy perspiration, and other bodily odors as they approached the agent's approximate location.

Upon reaching the auction floor, MTF Theta-9 discovered all auction attendees, including staff and Agent Whitlow, were absent. Many items listed for sale were missing from the showroom, as well as several pieces of furniture. Near the center of the room, placed on the floor and surrounded by empty chairs, was a spherical mass composed of intertwined bones, including femurs, pelvises, and spinal vertebrae. SCP-9132 was located on the showroom stage, displayed. It was open to a section detailing "Group Transference for the Whole Family." The item was successfully retrieved.

Consequent tests on the discovered bone mass revealed DNA samples matching Agent Whitlow, among other unregistered, presumably human, samples.

= **SITE-93 SURVEILLANCE VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 10/17/1997

**NOTE:** Security footage of the Research Office Suite 11D staff lounge.

---

##### <BEGIN LOG>

**13:10 EST:** *Researcher Blake Aguirre and Administration Assistant Kim Lian are present in the staff lounge. Aguirre is near the kitchenette, leaning against a counter with a coffee mug in hand. Lian is sitting at a table, eating lunch and working through a book of sudoku puzzles.*

**Aguirre:** ...They still haven't found that little ballerina statue of yours? The one from your desk?

**Lian:** No. None of the missing stuff has been found yet.

**Aguirre:** Tell me about it. Getting my new I.D. was a real pain. Security has been really slacking lately.

**Lian:** It's not like it's their fault. All those new procedures and protocols from last month really crossed all their wires. Admin's *still* getting complaints about how poorly implemented they were.

**Aguirre:** Keeps you busy at least. Hey, you think someone stole all our office stuff?

**Lian:** I doubt it. Even with the issues at security, they would've caught whoever did it by now. It's more likely one of the objects from your department did what they always do and mess with things.

**Aguirre:** Well, no. We actually did have some internal discussions about that. None of the skips that could do something like that are all pretty well contained. None of them would have been able to.

**Lian:** Regardless, I've accepted that I'm probably not going to see my sculpture again. I went ahead and just ordered a new one.

**13:15 EST:** *Lian, finished with her lunch, stands up from the table and begins throwing away her trash.*

**Aguirre:** Say, you know that office Halloween party we're having? You're going to that right?

**Lian:** Sure, I'll be there. Why?

**Aguirre:** Well, a few of us were thinking of heading out for drinks afterwards, and I was wondering if you wanted to come.

**Lian:** I mean, maybe? I don't know. Kind of depends on how the night goes.

**Aguirre:** Come on, it'll be fun. We're planning on going to one of those karaoke bars, and Terry is coming too. And you've got to come see Terry perform. He's such a trainwreck when he's drun--

**13:17 EST:** *Aguirre suddenly vanishes midsentence. Without him there to hold it, his mug falls and shatters, spilling coffee across the tile floor. Lian gasps in shock, falling back against a nearby wall.*

**Lian:** The fuck?!

**13:17 EST:** *Lian slowly approaches Aguirre's last position. Near where he stood, slightly soaking up the spilt coffee, is a piece of print paper with something written on it. Hesitantly, Lian picks it up. The camera feed is able to see the text: "Hello." She flips the paper over. "I need you."*

**13:18 EST:** *Still holding the paper, Lian frantically leaves the lounge.*

**Lian:** Help! Help, somebody! Somebody call someone!

##### <END LOG>

= **ARCHIVED PERSONNEL CORRESPONDENCE**

Regis,

I'm sure you heard about Blake Aguirre. We still have no leads on what happened to him or where's he has gone. The entire floor is closed off until we figure it out. Director Pavel is even considering limiting site operations for a while and sending nonessential staff home. I wanted to give you a heads up on that, but that's not really why I'm reaching out.

Are you alright? I have to admit you've been manic lately. Obsessive even. I'm aware we all have those moments in this line of work, trying to solve all these anomalous items, the impossible puzzles they are. Still, I want to make sure you're regulating yourself. Maybe don't come to work for a bit? We can keep things running should you take a break, and you no doubt have plenty of PTO saved up. Besides, I'd rather not have to order a psyche evaluation on you.

For now, I'm also shuttering the SCP-9132 Project. It's clear we haven't understood SCP-9132 from the start, and things have been happening ever since it got here. Unexplainable things. Blake was the final straw.

I'll hope you'll understand. I know you were more invested than anyone with finding a breakthrough, but we have to draw a line somewhere. Otherwise, we're just banging our heads against a wall. Unless something comes up that gives us tangible clarity into 9132, that's my final word.

Regards,

...Now it's time to attempt your magnum opus and to finally construct your ultimate vessel: the Rebis. But don't think this will be the end of your alchemical journey! Though it is the end product, the Rebis is merely a conduit for your ascension beyond the heavens. Every door demands a key. The key you will construct in order to walk the twisting halls of eternity just happens to be androgynous! However, be warned. Though God may no longer watch the agony He forced upon us, that does not mean He no longer guards the Infinite Corridor. Attempt your great work without proper preparation, and you and your environment may experience material dislocation as He sunders the chains of the world from our mortal plane as recompense for your transgression. In such circumstance, remember discretion is your ally! If all else fails, keep your mouth shut and tell Him nothing of our plans, no matter the torture he inflicts upon you. We know how to find you if you get lost, and we can do much worse to any blabbermouth than God ever could...

,,***-Transcribed Excerpt, Page 999 - "Cosmological Transference and What to Expect"***,,

= **SITE-93 SURVEILLANCE VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 10/18/1997

**NOTE:** Security footage of the seventh floor lobby.

---

##### <BEGIN LOG>

**09:24 EST:** *Audio detection sensors are triggered, activating automatic video and audio recording. The lobby is sparse. One of the elevators is closed for maintenance, several empty benches line the walls and fill the room, the reception desk is vacant, and occasional personnel can be seen shuffling in the halls beyond. Voices can be heard from outside visual range, originating from the restrooms located directly behind the camera. The voices are identified as Dr. Regis Ward and Senior Security Officer Glenn Montgomery. They are arguing.*

**Ward:** ...I don't know why you think I would know what happened to that researcher. He wasn't even under me, damn it! He was Lupei's. Maybe you should be asking her.

**Montgomery:** You think she wasn't the first one we talked to? Look, Regis. I'm not saying it was your fault. It's probably not anyone's fault, but a member of our staff literally disappeared into thin air for Christ's sake. That sort of thing sounds alarm bells at Internal Affairs.

**Ward:** But I didn't do anything, Glenn. Why do you think I have anything to do with it?

**Montgomery:** That book. That damn book. It gets brought in, you all get your hands on it, and things start vanishing. Security has hundreds of reports of things missing throughout the whole building, all starting when that book came in.

**09:25 EST:** *There is a pause.*

**Montgomery:** Dr. Lupei said that out of the entire team, you were with it the most. I'm not saying you had anything to do with it, but maybe you have just an inkling as to what happened? How Aguirre vanished? Where he's gone?

**09:25 EST:** *Ward does not immediately respond.*

**Ward:** ...She told you I've been obsessing over it, didn't she? That I'm going crazy over it. Did she mention threatening me with a psyche evaluation? I bet she did.

**Montgomery:** Now hold on, that's not what I meant.

**Ward:** I don't have direct access to 9132, Glenn. Every time I've had a chance with it, she was always over my shoulder. I was never alone with it. She made sure of that, ever since the initial tests. And now something like this happens, and when we need to finally understand 9132 and figure out how this happened, she goes on and shuts down the whole project? Something doesn't add up!

**Montgomery:** You're treading some pretty deep water here, man. This is a senior member of staff you're talking about.

**Ward:** Ever since I coughed up that stupid...

**09:27 EST:** *Another pause.*

**Ward:** Confusion of the tongues...

**Montgomery:** What?

**Ward:** ...I don't know what happened to Blake. I really don't. But I will figure it out. That book hasn't beaten me yet.

**09:28 EST:** *Footsteps on tile can be heard as Ward exits the restrooms. He is briefly seen in the lobby.*

**Montgomery:** Regis! Regis, wait! We're not done here!

##### <END LOG>

#### CONTAINMENT ALERT - 10/19/97

##### ATTENTION ALL SITE-93 PERSONNEL

**ITEM #9132** has been reported as **UNCONTAINED/MISSING FROM CONTAINMENT**. **ITEM #9132** is believed to have been **REMOVED WITHOUT AUTHORIZATION.** Until further notice, Site-93 is under **LOCKDOWN PROTOCOL "EPSILON-BLUE"**. All staff are to report any suspicious persons and/or activity to Security Services immediately. 

= **SITE-93 SURVEILLANCE VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 10/19/1997

**NOTE:** Security footage of the security checkpoint entrance to Research Office Suite 11D.

---

##### <BEGIN LOG>

**14:01 EST:** *Audio detection sensors are triggered, activating automatic video and audio recording. The checkpoint is unmanned, but lockdown shutters are in place and a silent lockdown alarm is brightly spinning. The security desk is littered with paperwork. Distant voices and commotion can be heard.*

**Unidentified:** --aise the lockdown alert. Someone call crisis!

**14:03 EST:** *Something heavy outside of the visual feed crashes to the floor. Glass breaks. A voice, identified as Dr. Tessa Lupei, is clearly heard.*

**Lupei:** What are you doing? Enough, Regis! Enough!

**14:04 EST:** *The paperwork on the security desk begins to disappear, sheet by sheet. Then the desk itself, scattering the remaining papers across the floor. A higher threat-level alarm sounds.*

**Lupei:** You don't know what you're doing!

**14:06 EST:** *The walls and floors shift in place as the whole building seems to adjust. Particulates shower down from the ceiling. Dozens of arms and hands are seen erupting from every surface like sprouting plants. They are covered in mouths and teeth. The feed abruptly cuts.*

##### <END LOG>

---

## End of results. Return to SCiPNET Database Homepage?

]

<< [SCP-9131](SCP-9131) | SCP-9132| [SCP-9133](SCP-9133) >>

> **Filename:** SheilaGreenwald.jpg

> **Author:** James G Green

> **License:** CC-BY 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** [> 

> **Filename:** (Recipes and extracts on alchemy, medicine, metal-working, cosmetics, veterinary science, agriculture, wine-making, and other subjects) - DPLA - 6404dd0b2f781f80da6b152904f911c6 (page 131).jpg

> **Author:** Science History Institute

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** <https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:(Recipes_and_extracts_on_alchemy,_medicine,_metal-working,_cosmetics,_veterinary_science,_agriculture,_wine-making,_and_other_subjects)_-_DPLA_-_6404dd0b2f781f80da6b152904f911c6_(page_131).jpg](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:SheilaGreenwald.jpg>)

> 

> **Filename:** TPolygraphice, or, The arts of drawing, engraving, etching, limning, painting, vernishing, japaning, gilding, &c. - in two volumes (1701) (14763839284).jpg

> **Author:** Internet Archive Book Images

> **License:** No known copyright restrictions

> **Source Link:** [> 

> **Filename:** JenniferJohns Headshot.jpg

> **Author:** FairyShrimp

> **License:** CC-BY 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** <https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:JenniferJohns_Headshot.jpg](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Polygraphice,_or,_The_arts_of_drawing,_engraving,_etching,_limning,_painting,_vernishing,_japaning,_gilding,_%26c._-_in_two_volumes_(1701)_(14763839284).jpg>)

> 

> **Filename:** SumerianZiggurat.jpg

> **Author:** Michael V Fox

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [> 

> **Filename:** Polygraphice, or, The arts of drawing, engraving, etching, limning, painting, vernishing, japaning, gilding, &c. - in two volumes (1701) (14763020281).jpg

> **Author:** Internet Archive Book Images

> **License:** No known copyright restrictions

> **Source Link:** <https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Polygraphice,_or,_The_arts_of_drawing,_engraving,_etching,_limning,_painting,_vernishing,_japaning,_gilding,_%26c._-_in_two_volumes_(1701)_(14763020281).jpg](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:SumerianZiggurat.jpg>)

> 

> **Filename:** Sculpture in National Museum of Scotland by Andy Goldsworthy.jpg

> **Author:** Bruce McAdam

> **License:** CC-BY 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** [[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sculpture_in_National_Museum_of_Scotland_by_Andy_Goldsworthy.jpg])]
