=====

=====

#page-title::after {

content: "by Cathy Autumn and FLOORBOARDS";

font-size: 50%;

color: #888;

}

.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:scp-trans-pride">:scp-wiki:theme:scp-trans-pride</a> |trans-pride-logo= ~~] |trans-pride-footer= ~~]]]

**Item #:** SCP-9071

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9071 is held in a standard Safe-class storage locker within [Site-433](but a dream ). While in storage, SCP-9071 is always to be placed facing down, with its blank side up. During testing, SCP-9071 may be attached to any surface using scotch tape.

**Description:** SCP-9071 is a 21x27cm sheet of laminated printer paper, on which a picture of a cage of chicks is printed on one side. The opposite side is blank. When SCP-9071 is attached to a surface through any means, all sentient beings who view it become convinced that SCP-9071 is not a laminated sheet of printer paper, but rather an actual cage full of living chicks.

Viewers will react to SCP-9071 as though the associated stimuli are present, describing smells, sounds, movement, and the behaviors of the specific chicks in vivid detail. If SCP-9071 is viewed through a live secondhand visual source (such as a recorded video), viewers will still be subjected to its properties.

This delusion and subsequent hallucinations are shared across all viewers, and can affect viewers even with high cognitive resistance to memetic/cognitohazardous anomalies. SCP-9071's effects can only be prevented by informing an individual of the anomaly's nature; SCP-9071 will then permanently lose its ability to influence that individual.

When viewed through alternate secondhand sources (such as pictures; see attached above), SCP-9071's effects will not be triggered. 

**Incident Report:** On 10/19/2025, a foul smell was reported emanating from SCP-9071’s containment locker by Junior Researcher Sarah Keele. SCP-9071 was removed, and a small chamber, approximately the same size as SCP-9071, was found behind it. It was opened, and the corpses of over 200 chicks in various states of decay (some over two years old) were found inside; it was determined this was the source of the smell.

The chamber was cleaned by janitorial staff. Each of the individual corpses are under testing to determine any secondary anomalous properties. SCP-9071 has been relocated to a different containment locker. Pictures of food and water have been placed on the wall next to it.

<< [SCP-9070](SCP-9070) | SCP-9071 | [SCP-9072](SCP-9072) >>

=====

> **Filename:** duck.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-9071/duck.jpg

=====
