=====

=====

/* sourced from "SCP-3984" by Croquembouche */

.outside {

  margin: 2em -6em;

  padding: 1em 10em;

  --narration-color: rgba(217, 183, 165, 1);

  background: var(--narration-color);

  background: linear-gradient(90deg, rgba(255,255,255,0) 10%, var(~~narration-color) 20%, var(~~narration-color) 80%, rgba(255,255,255,0) 90%);

  z-index: -2;

}

.outside.inline {

  margin: 1em -6em;

  padding: 1px 10em;

}

#side-bar {

  z-index: 2;

}

@media only screen and (max-width: 1040px) {

  .outside {

    margin-right: 0 !important;

    margin-left: 0 !important;

    padding-left: 3em !important;

    padding-right: 3em !important;

  }

}

body {

  overflow-x: hidden;

}

div[class$="_memo"] {

    background: var(~~memo-logo) rgba(var(~~memo-color), 1);

    background-size: contain;

    background-position: top center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    min-height: 4rem;

    margin-inline: auto;

    margin-block: 2rem;

    padding-inline: 20px;

    padding-block: 10px;

    border: solid 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

    text-align: center;

}

div[class$="_memo"]::before {

    content: var(--memo-heading);

    font-family: var(--UI-font);

    font-weight: 900;

    font-size: 1.3em;

    text-align: center;

    margin: 0 auto 1rem auto;

    display: flex;

    flex-direction: column;

    padding-top: 0.5em;

}

.raisa_memo {

    --memo-heading: "NOTICE FROM THE RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION";

    ~~memo-logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/theme:basalt/RAISA_LIGHTLOGO.png);

    --memo-color: 255, 243, 173;

}

.raisa {

background: rgba(255, 243, 173, 1);

border: 1px solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

box-shadow: 0px 1px 1.9px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1), 0px 6px 15px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

}

/* RAISA MEMO */

div.raisa_memo {

max-width: 36rem !important;

box-shadow: 0px 1px 1.9px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1), 0px 6px 15px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

padding: 0px;

margin: 3rem auto;

width: 95%;

background-position: center;

}

div.raisa_memo::before {

content: none;

}

.raisa-header {

    padding-inline: 0.5rem;

}

.raisa-background {

background: rgba(255, 243, 173, 0.8);

}

div.raisa-content {

    max-width: 26rem !important;

    text-align: left;

    margin-inline: auto;

padding-inline: 1rem;

}

.raisa-divider {

    display: block;

    background: rgba(0,0,0,0.1);

    height: 2px;

    width: 100%;

}

.text-notice {

    font-size: 1rem;

    font-weight: bold;

}

.text-raisa {

    font-weight: bold;

    font-size: 1.4rem;

}

You aren't sure how long you've been walking for. Hours? A few days maybe? Years? You passed the first mountains what felt like forever ago, and an eternity before that you had scouted out in the opposite direction. You smack your lips, looking beside yourself to see McEnroe holding up and staring at a rabbit plush. You can't remember exactly when he found it, maybe all the way back at the mound of socks, when you tried to find the D-Class. He's been holding onto it ever since.

You asked him what was so important about it, and he couldn't tell you exactly why, he could just remember something about how he had one just like it when he was a kid, or he thinks he can remember at least. You let him hold onto it. Not like he'd listen anyways if you told him to put it down. 

Every step you take feels harder than the last, and your brain is screaming at you to take a moment and just rest. You know you shouldn't, you know you can't, you remember what you saw when that D-Class took a moment to rest. You aren't even sure if that pile was his. The whole land blends together, everything nearly the same as far as the horizon. 

As the mountain of old toys tower over the both of you, McEnroe turns and asks how you're doing. 'I'm fine', you snap at him, angrier than you mean to be. You wouldn't be here without him, you know that. You begin to wonder if this was all worth it. 

**NOTICE**

**AS OF** **{{22–JAN–2026}}**, **ALL ATTEMPTS TO EXPLORE SCP-9195-A WILL BE POSTPONED INDEFINITELY. ALL UNAUTHORIZED ATTEMPTS TO ENTER SCP-9195-A ARE TO BE IMMEDIATELY REPORTED TO YOUR ACTING SITE DIRECTOR.**

]

---

**Object Class:** OblitusContainment of the anomaly is based around the remembrance of objects and people

**Containment Procedures:** Due to its nature, widespread containment of SCP-9195 has been deemed impossible. Foundation webcrawlers are to report any online mentions of and footage containing an SCP-9195 manifestation, and standard disinformation tactics are to be implemented. The following containment procedures will be regarding potential on-site instances of SCP-9195.

All personal items of Foundation staff are to be cataloged and within sight of security cameras at all times when unattended. Employees are to be urged to make sure all of their belongings are where they should be at least once per day. All lost items are to be immediately reported. In addition, all personnel (including Class-D) are to have at least one social interaction per day, to minimize the chance of an SCP-9195 incident.

In the event of an SCP-9195 incident, all items and personnel confirmed missing due to SCP-9195 are to be considered permanently lost. 

**Description:** SCP-9195 is a phenomenon causing the disappearance of lost items and people. Current testing shows it to occur to objects in which an individual has an emotional attachment, with the nature of the emotional attachment having no effect on the chances of an SCP-9195 manifestation. Additionally, SCP-9195 impairs the memory of individuals who have formed an attachment to affected items, preventing them from clearly recalling the objects.

Items confirmed to have been affected by SCP-9195 through archived footage have been reported to be transported out of local reality, with further tests confirming lost items to be transported to a neighboring realityhereby referred to as SCP-9195-A. 

SCP-9195-A has no known population or evidence of prior population.

**Discovery:** SCP-9195 was first observed on 27-DEC-2025 during a routine viewing of the prior day's security camera footage, in which a sock that had previously been discarded by Dr. Isaiah McEnroe was transported out of local reality via SCP-9195 and into SCP-9195-A at 11:35 PM EST. A transcript of the event can be found below. 

**Location:** Dr. Isaiah McEnroe's Personal Office

**9:15 AM:** Dr. McEnroe enters his office, holding a box between his arm and side. Squeezed between the box and his arm is a pair of orange novelty socks. Dr. McEnroe sets down the box and socks next to his personal computer, and goes to sit down at his desk

**9:20 AM:** Dr. McEnroe glances at the pair of socks before picking them off the top of the box. He brings them up to his face, showing them to have a design depicting a cowboy opossum. This pair was later confirmed to be a Christmas gift to Dr. McEnroe by Dr. Julia Brown. After examining the socks for the following minute and letting out a sigh, Dr. McEnroe tosses the pair of socks towards a nearby trashcan, where they miss and land to the side of the can. 

**11:35 PM:** The pair of socks lies where they had previously been discarded, with Dr. McEnroe asleep at his desk. The ends of the socks slip into the floor of the office. The rest of the socks are then dragged into and through the floor of the office. After another three seconds, the pair are gone from sight.

**Note:** Following the discovery of SCP-9195, both Dr. McEnroe and Dr. Brown were brought in for questioning. Neither could recall the pair of socks, with Dr. Brown only able to vaguely recall handing Dr. McEnroe some form of handmade gift at the Site-03 Christmas party. 

You watch as McEnroe leans over a mound of socks. You can tell how tired he is, how tired the both of you are. Once upon a time, you were both made for a walk like this, but it's been many years since then. Every part of you aches for rest, every part of you wants to sit down for a second. You can't sit down, all you can do is keep moving. 

A moment passes, and you hear something. You aren't sure what it is, but it sounds almost like a yell, you think. You turn to the source of the sound and see that it's blocked by another mountain. You turn back to McEnroe, telling him you're going to scout ahead, see if you can find anything or anyone. He responds with a weak nod. 

As you walk, you take a moment to look back at McEnroe. He's placed his rabbit on the pile, watching as it slowly sinks into the socks, a soft smile on his face as it does. You tell yourself he's just experimenting, that you're both stronger than to let this place get to you.

---

**Addendum - Test Logs:** For the sake of brevity, only tests during and after the cause of SCP-9195 was verified will be displayed.

**Test-048: Archived Camera Footage**

---

**Research Aim:** Discover the cause of SCP-9195

**Date:** 31-DEC-2025

**Researcher In Attendance:** Dr. Julia Brown

**Subject:** Dr. Julia BrownDue to Dr. Brown's previous training with amnestic acclimation, she has volunteered herself as a test subject, rather than using class-D personnel

**Testing Materials:** 1 Class-C amnestic pill, 1 sock

---

*A single sock lies on the floor of the testing chamber, with Dr. Brown watching from an adjoining observation room, holding a small yellow pill containing a Class-C amnestic between her fingers.*

**Brown:** Experiment number forty-eight to determine the cause of SCP-9195. Today, I will be targeting any memories relating to this sock. Probably won't work, but it's worth a try. 

*Dr. Brown looks away from the sock and swallows the amnestic. After a period of ten seconds, the sock begins to phase into the floor of the testing chamber. After three more seconds, the sock disappears from view completely. Two seconds later, Dr. Brown turns back towards the glass separating the rooms and sees that the sock has disappeared.*

**Result:** The cause of SCP-9195 appears to be associated with a lack of memories towards an item.

**Test-049: Archived Camera Footage**

---

**Research Aim:** Discover if SCP-9195 is dependent on individual or collective memory.

**Date:** 31-DEC-2025

**Researchers In Attendance:** Dr. Julia Brown, Dr. Isaiah McEnroe 

**Subject:** Dr. Julia Brown

**Testing Materials:** 1 Class-C amnestic pill, 1 sock

---

*Dr. Brown and Dr. McEnroe stand in the observation room as a sock sits in the chamber, lying in the same spot as the sock from the previous test.* 

**McEnroe:** Did you have to drag me here, Julia? There's a junior who's been wanting to work with you for the past few months, why not them? 

**Brown:** Really? You think that lie is going to work on me the fiftieth time? Just work with me here.

**McEnroe:** Fine, fine. Is that your sock in there?

**Brown:** Old one, was on its last days. 

*Dr. McEnroe stands at the glass and watches the object, while Dr. Brown swallows an amnestic and turns away from the glass. After ten seconds of no changes, Dr. McEnroe begins to turn to Dr. Brown. As he does, the end of the sock phases into the floor of the chamber, and disappears within the next three seconds. Dr. McEnroe and Dr. Brown both turn to see that the sock is gone.* 

**Result:** Rather than the collective memory of an object, SCP-9195 appears to be dependent on the emotional memory of an object, alongside direct viewing of the object.

**Note:** Due to Incident 9195.01, a transcript of a conversation taken directly after Test-049 can be found below.

<details>
<summary>Archived Recording</summary>

**Brown:** Isaiah, wait a second.

**McEnroe:** What is it, Julia? I need to go do something, and I'll be running late if I don't hurry.

**Brown:** Don't you care what this anomaly means for both of us?

**McEnroe:** What are you talking about?

**Brown:** Another chance to make a name for ourselves. We've been working here for decades, and neither of us have discovered squat. 

*McEnroe is silent for the next few seconds.*

**McEnroe:** Julia, we don't need to discover something to make a name for ourselves. That's not why either of us keep doing what we do.

**Brown:** We're old, Isaiah. We're old and we work with dangerous anomalies every day. I want to have a legacy, something to be remembered for.

**McEnroe:** I want that too, Julia. But this isn't something that's going to be remembered. 

**McEnroe:** Listen, I'll help you with the next few tests, then we can put this to bed, okay?

</details>

You can feel the way the little bear plush shifts underneath your foot. You can feel it slip out of the pile as soon as you move, sending the little lost thing back down the mountain of other lost things, down to where the ascent started what felt like hours ago. Every inch you climb feels harder than the last, every object you glance at begs you to stare for just a moment longer. 'It's so easy to let go of it all' they seem to say, pleading with you to stay.

You look up and see something sticking out of the pile. From below, it looks almost like a raft; a spot safe from the shifting mound it's attached to, a spot that tells you it's alright to rest for just a moment. Your hand clutches around an old toy rotary phone, using it to pull yourself up as your feet try to find something that won't break or fall as soon as you touch it.

Eventually you find the spot, and with that you also find the strength to keep on climbing. After a few seconds more, you reach the raft in this sea of the past and find that it's an old electric keyboard. You slowly put your weight onto it, hoping against hope it can support it. It buckles, it bends downward, and then it holds.

**Test-050:** Archived Camera Footage

---

**Research Aim:** Discover if SCP-9195 works on living organisms.

**Date:** 01-JAN-2026

**Researchers In Attendance:** Dr. Julia Brown, Dr. Isaiah McEnroe

**Subject:** D-1409, Dr. Julia Brown, Dr. Isaiah McEnroe

**Testing Materials**: 1 Body camera attached to D-1409, 2 Class-C amnestic pills

---

*D-1409 paces around the floor of the testing chamber, glancing at the glass seperating the testing chamber from the observation room every few seconds. After another minute of pacing, Dr. McEnroe taps on the glass and orders D-1409 to stand still.*

**D-1409:** So, what's this all about? Am I gonna get fed to some weird pipe organ or something like that?

**Brown:** Nothing like that, no. We just need you to stay in there for a little bit. 

**McEnroe:** Anti-social, loner, rarely picked for any tests that involve others, unpopular among staff. Taking your anger out on him?

**Brown:** We just need to figure out if this anomaly affects people too. Got the amnestics ready?

*Dr. McEnroe takes a small pill containing a Class-C amnestic from his pocket and holds it towards Dr. Brown. She takes it from his hand and ingests it, turning away from the glass. Dr. McEnroe does the same, turning off the speakers within the observation room as he does.*

**D-1409:** So? Whats going to happen to me in here? 

*D-1409's feet phase into the floor, at which point he begins to panic and scream. He tries to move forward and is unsuccessful, his knees now slipping through the floor. He reaches towards the floor of the chamber to push himself back up, with his hands immediately phasing past the floor. His screams continue for the next ten seconds until D-1409 is completely gone.*

*After five more seconds, Dr. McEnroe turns back towards the glass and moves over to a nearby monitor which is currently playing footage from the body camera of D-1409. He appears to be in shock, and occasionally looks back at Dr. Brown.* 

**SCP-9195 Exploration Log-01**

---

*D-1409 begins to stand up, his hands pressing against what appears to be a pile of socks alongside three game console controllers. As he stands, his camera feed shows that the pile of objects is even larger, stretching on in all directions as far as the camera can see, with what appears to be mountains of objects able to be barely seen within the far distance. The variety of objects in the pile appears to have no end.*

*After taking a few seconds to regain his composure and curse towards Dr. McEnroe and Dr. Brown, D-1409 makes his way forward through the floor of items, each step appearing to be harder than the next. As he steps, something below him in the pile shifts under his weight and he trips onto the mass of objects.* 

**D-1409:** Shit, can't even feel a bottom to this place. Kind of soft though.

*D-1409 lies in the pile of objects for a few more seconds. Dr. McEnroe prompts D-1409 to get up and continue exploring, ordering him to make his way to one of the mountains. After a moment of silence, Dr. McEnroe orders the D-Class a second time, at which point D-1409 gets up from the pile. As D-1409 walks, the objects below him appear to lessen in their variety, with a majority of the objects appearing to now be pairs of socks of multiple patterns and sizes. After a few seconds more, D-1409 comes across a small mound consisting outwardly only of socks.* 

**Brown:** Ignore the socks, keep heading towards the mountain. This is what I was talking about, Isaiah. 

**McEnroe:** How old are some of these things? A few of them look like they're from when we were kids. 

*D-1409 approaches the pile, putting a hand onto it.*

**D-1409:** Used to think a monster took these.

*D-1409 climbs onto the pile of socks despite orders. He proceeds to lay on top of the pile, which appears to slowly shift around him, and he begins to sink into the pile of socks.*

**D-1409:** This is nice.

**McEnroe:** D-1409, get out of there! We need to keep exploring, see what's out there.

*After ten more seconds, D-1409 sinks completely into the pile, and the feed ends.*

In this moment of rest, you take a look down the mountain, and see that your climb has barely led you twenty feet above where you started. The fallen bear stares back at you, it's smile soft and reminding you of better days. You avert your eyes, and search the horizon for any sign of McEnroe. 

It takes you a moment more to spot him. He's a small ways away from the mountain, and his back is turned towards you. Though you can't see too clearly, you can almost make out what he's holding in his hands. They look like socks, the orange cotton sticking out against the white of his sleeves. You call out for him, warning him against staying in one spot for too long. You don't know how deep the pile of objects goes.

He turns towards you, a smile almost hidden underneath his large beard. You told him to put on something protective before you came here, but he wouldn't listen. He never listened to anyone but himself. You remember liking that about him once upon a time.

He holds up the pair of socks towards you, yelling out something as he does. You stare at the socks. They look vaguely familiar. A possum with a cute little cowboy hat barely balanced on its head stares back at you, a lasso twirling above it. You can't remember what it is, but the feeling of seeing it makes you happy. McEnroe yells again.

He's saying sorry, you aren't sure about what. He turns around and starts walking off, back in the direction where you already know nothing but more lost objects are waiting. You yell out for him, but he just keeps walking. You begin to make your way off the keyboard, but you hesitate as it shifts under your weight. Your knee presses against one of the keys, and the sound it makes is so nice.

McEnroe keeps walking, and walking, and walking, until he disappears behind another mountain of objects. You tell yourself he's just going to climb it to scout ahead. You know you're lying.

**Incident Report**

**Date:** 22–JAN–2026

It has been confirmed via archived security footage that on January 8th, 2026, at 12:46 AM Eastern Standard Time, researchers Julia Brown and Isaiah McEnroe purposefully caused an SCP-9195 incident. Both researchers were then transported to SCP-9195-A, with only Dr. Brown returning two weeks later on January 22nd at 5:15 AM Eastern Standard Time.

Dr. Brown has been put on indefinite suspension until the investigation has concluded.

A transcript of a conversation between Dr. Brown and Dr. McEnroe a day prior to the incident and footage from Dr. Brown's personal quarters on the night of the incident are archived below.

**Audio Transcipt Of Conversation Between Dr. Isaiah McEnroe and Dr. Julia Brown.**

**Date:** 07-JAN-2026

**Location:** Site-03 Cafeteria 

---

**McEnroe:** You were right, Julia. 

**Brown:** About?

**McEnroe:** Really? You were right about the anomaly. This is big, it's our chance.

**Brown:** Thought you wanted to put this to bed?

**McEnroe:** God. I'm telling you you're right, and you're still on my ass. All these years and you haven't changed. 

**Brown:** Neither have you. They showed me the discovery footage, too, you know? You're lucky I just made them cause I knew you needed a pair.

**McEnroe:** Nevermind. Listen. This is our chance to do something. Figure out what the hell that place is, and make something with our careers. No more working on other people's discoveries. No more finding weird stuff that just ends up being natural. This is something big, something all our own. 

**[Dr. Brown lets out a laugh]**

**Brown:** Sorry, sorry. Sometimes I just miss seeing you all excited like this. What are you suggesting we do? Throw more Class-D in there so they can get trapped like the last one?

**[Dr. McEnroe pauses.]**

**McEnroe:** We go in there ourselves. Brave the unknown, just the two of us, like when we were young. See what's waiting in there.

**Brown:** Oh yeah, just the two of us? Like they'll let us. 

**McEnroe:** Why should we ask them?

**Brown:** What happened to the Isaiah I hate? Fuck, you're lucky you're a charming old man. Do we even know if there's a way out of there? 

**McEnroe:** There's got to be. You lose stuff all the time, forget about it for years, then one day you find it when you're looking for something else. 

**Brown:** And how do you plan on us getting there in the first place, anyways?

**[McEnroe sighs]**

**McEnroe:** Look at us, Julia. We don't have friends, we don't have family. We'd just need to forget each other, for a few seconds at least.

**[There is a pause for the next ten seconds.]**

**Brown:** Fine, but if we die, I'll kill you.

You know it's time to go, that it's time to keep climbing. Yet when you try and move, your body won't listen. It just wants to stay right here, where the music from the keyboard is so nice and when you squint you can almost swear you can make out Isaiah in the distance.

It takes every ounce of effort you can give to finally move, but eventually your hands grasp onto old books lodged into the side of the mountain, and up you go. The final goodbye the keyboard makes as your knees press against the keys brings tears to your eyes.

The ascent past the keyboard feels easier and quicker, and you aren't exactly sure why. Maybe it's an apology from your body for being so stubborn earlier, or maybe it's the fact that deep within you're praying you'll be able to see McEnroe once you get to the top of the heap. Either way, it doesn't take long until you can feel your hands grasping the top of the pile. You push yourself upwards, sighing in relief as it feels nice and solid against your weight. 

You look out ahead, scanning the horizon. It's all the same. Nothing but more, and more, and more piles of lost junk. Your heart sinks as the land goes on and on with nothing special in sight. You look back, and its the same as it was before. You aren't sure what you were hoping to see. You take a look at the horizon, hoping to see Isaiah again like you thought you could on the ascent. But he's gone, gone and the last thing he said to you was sorry. He was always like that, apologizing even when he didn't need to. 

You lie down, almost ready for this place to take you, when you spot something in the pile, something you vaguely recognize. You pull it out, and it's an old framed photo. You don't know what kind of god is playing a joke on you, but it's a framed photo of you and Isaiah. You remember it all too well, with the waterfall and the mountain in the background. You remember popping the ring and the question then, cause you knew he was never going to get the courage to ask himself. After everything that happened, you had forgotten all about this photo. 

**Archived security footage**

**Date:** 08-JAN-2026

**Location:** Personal quarters of Dr. Julia Brown

---

*Dr. Brown is leaning against her desk, and beads of sweat can be seen rolling down her forehead. She appears to be practicing a breathing exercise while clutching a photo that cannot be properly seen by the camera. Dr. Brown looks down at the photo and smiles. Dr. McEnroe arrives moments later, looking behind himself multiple times before fully entering the quarters, shutting the door behind him.*

**McEnroe:** You okay, Julia?

**Brown:** Yeah I'm fine, I'm fine. Did you get the amnestics?

*McEnroe reaches into the pocket of his coat and pulls out two pills, walking over to hand one to Dr. Brown.*

**McEnroe:** Told Damian I needed them for a test. He owes me, so he didn't pry much. 

**Brown:** Who doesn't owe you favors here?

**McEnroe:** Thirty years, and you never owed me a single one.

*Dr. Brown chuckles before placing the photo down and walking behind her desk, pulling out a hazmat suit. Dr. McEnroe appears puzzled, prompting Dr. Brown to squeeze the bridge of her nose and let out a sigh. She then places the pill on her desk and puts on the suit.*

**Brown:** I don't know how long we'll be in there for. If we'll ever come out. Are you sure about this, Isaiah?

**McEnroe:** I'm sure. Besides, we have to come back out. You promised to kill me if we didn't, remember?

*Dr. McEnroe turns around before swallowing the pill. Dr. Brown then follows suit, turning away from Dr. McEnroe before lifting up the mask of her suit and swallowing her pill.*

*Ten seconds later, both Dr. McEnroe and Dr. Brown are gone.*

The old socks and shirts feel so nice to lay down on. A part of you wishes you could stay here forever, let an old woman like you join the rest of this old forgotten stuff. But you know that can't happen. You know Isaiah wouldn't have wanted that. He'd want you back home, safe and sound, living out the rest of your life doing what you both loved to do. 

Pushing yourself up, you kneel down in front of the photo, reaching out a hand, feeling it one last time. You promise to yourself you'll cherish this memory again, and you won't lock it away anymore. You press it against your head, a quiet sorry to Isaiah passing through your lips, before placing it back down on the pile.

You dive into the mountain, pushing past old socks, old shirts, old toys, and old books. You don't know if this will work, but something deep inside tells you it will. You close your eyes as you dig and descend, feeling the way the items push against you, wanting to be back to how they were before. You push, and you push, and you push until you can't push anymore. 

You feel as if you're falling. The weight of the objects squeezing you is gone, and you're left only with open air. You don't open your eyes, afraid you won't stop falling if you open them. You think back to when you first saw that security footage, your first thoughts about finally being part of a discovery after years of watching your colleagues discover anomaly after anomaly. Isaiah's words about that not mattering ring in your head. You can see light pushing against your eyelids.

You open your eyes, and you see the blinding lights of the Site-03 hallways staring back at you. You smile. Isaiah was right. 

<< [SCP-9194](SCP-9194) | SCP-9195 | [SCP-9196](SCP-9196) >>

Filename: Oblitus_object_class.png

Name: Oblitus Object Class 

Author: 

License: CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link: http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-9195/Oblitus_object_class.png

Filename: sock2-3.png

Name: N/A

Author: 

License: Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal License.

Source Link: http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-9195/sock2-3.png

Derivative Of:

Name: Fabric 019

Author: ambientCG.com

License: Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal License.

Source Link: https://ambientcg.com/a/Fabric019

Name: Tiles 040

Author: ambientCG.com

License: Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal License.

Source Link: https://ambientcg.com/a/Tiles040
