.scp-image-block {

    box-shadow: none;

}

 .creditRate {

    margin-right: 0 !important;

}

 .rate-box-with-credit-button {

    box-shadow: none !important;

}

=====

=====

**SCP-9066:** pain

by 

*we all understand now, please, we are sorry*

**Item #:** SCP-9066

**Object Class:** Unnecessary

**Special Containment Procedures:** Humanity has successfully adapted to the LK-Class "Species Transmutation" Scenario caused by SCP-9066. All pilgrimages to SCP-9066 are overseen by covert Foundation operatives.

**Description:** SCP-9066 is a vivid near-human presence continuously felt by the entirety of the human population since its initial manifestation. SCP-9066 is not a physical object, entity, location, or phenomenon, it exists only as an intrinsic and universal human experience. It is always described as a nude, hairless, featureless, androgynous humanoid of average stature. Proper and unambiguous explanation of SCP-9066 to non-human life proved impossible. Despite superficial contradictions in related communication, humanity itself possesses a complete and inherent understanding of the experience of SCP-9066.

SCP-9066 acts as an intermediary between humanity and all feelings of physical, mental, and metaphorical pain. Applicable feelings are not felt in a given human body, but rather relayed through SCP-9066, and felt by humanity as a form of phantom pain within SCP-9066.

SCP-9066's initial manifestation was an indirect cause of short-lived, but significant, destabilisation of human society, including mass suicide waves, spikes of doomsday beliefs, riots, military conflicts, mass hysteria, and moral panic.

SCP-9066 spends the vast majority of its time kneeling in a deep bow, it stands up only for short moments, when no human alive is in pain. The frequency of such events is only increasing.

<< [SCP-9065](SCP-9065) | SCP-9066 | [SCP-9067](SCP-9067) >>

> **Filename:** compassion.jpg

> **Author:** Brocken Inaglory

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Dust_storm_in_Black_Rocks_Desert_nn.jpg)
