#extra-div-6 {

    position: fixed;

    top: 0; left: 0;

    width: 100%; height: 100%;

    -webkit-backdrop-filter: grayscale(100%);

    backdrop-filter: grayscale(100%);

    z-index: 11;

    pointer-events: none;

}

**Item #:** SCP-9771

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9771 is stored at ████ █████████ █████, Colorado, hereby referred to as Site-01. SCP-9771 is to be kept inside a secret compartment in the personal closet of Senior Technician Franklin Cho (Now 05-1) when not in use.

**Description:** SCP-9771 is a Casio Privia PX-55 88 key keyboard piano. SCP-9771 has the ability to be played without an external nor internal power source, the mechanism by which it does this is unknown. Object also is capable of producing sound without a connected sound system. If one is plugged in, sound will emit through the sound system instead as normal. SCP-9771 otherwise displays no other anomalous effects and plays within normal parameters.

**Discovery:** SCP-9771 was stored in a low priority containment locker in the now defunct Storage Site-41. During the ****[dissolution of Site-41](Quiet Days)****, SCP-9771 was picked up by 05-1, where its anomalous effects were discovered. The exact origin of SCP-9771 is unknown.

**Addendum 9771.1:** Logbook of 05-1. Extraneous entries removed.

> **2025/04/14**

> 

> This still doesn't feel real. I mean, I know a lot of people are relieved, but this just feels wrong. I had gotten used to the unnatural being natural.

> 

> Every site is shutting down one by one, being converted into standard research facilities for normal science, or being bought up by the prison industrial complex and other businesses (turns out D-Class containment works really well for housing normal prisoners, who would've thought). Meanwhile I've been jumping ranks like hell due to all the resignations, so now I have clearance to look at almost any entry at this point.

> 

> Soon enough I'll be running the entire Foundation.

> **2025/06/26**

> 

> Storage Site-41 is being cleaned out, we're just allowed to take anything we want, so I went ahead and grabbed a bottle of "Mjolnir" brand mead that would make itself too heavy to lift if you were under 21 (now it's just pretty good mead), a fountain pen whose ink used to change color with your mood (it's pretty nice regardless of anomalous effects), and a keyboard that used to work without power (haven't used it yet, but I've always wanted to play piano).

> 

> Got another promotion, I'm now head of the Archival division, not that that matters, nothing is behind clearance anymore. I've been reading some of the more heavily classified documents and maybe it's for the best that some of these don't exist anymore, I don't know how the 05s stayed sane knowing all of this. I also finally saw the Berryman-Langford agent, I have it as my phone background now.

> **2025/09/21**

> 

> Most of the Foundation is gone now, there's only two sites left, 01 and 02. 05-4 put me in charge of running all of SCiP.net, told me it's due to my expertise and loyalty. I never thought I'd even meet an 05 in real life. But I'm pretty sure I'm one of, if not the last member of the Foundation other than the 05s. I guess I actually am going to be in charge of all of this soon.

> 

> Rosen asked me why I'm even staying, it's not like the Foundation is going to last much longer, might as well find a new job at this point. I told him to have a little faith.

> 

> When I was a kid, I was in my backyard and saw a blue little fire in the forest. I followed it, and it led me to a burned out stump, its home. It started to dart and float around me like an excited puppy. I never figured out exactly what it wanted, but it felt like it wanted to be my friend. My mom found me soon after, and the fire disappeared. I tried to tell her what happened, but she told me that kind of stuff isn't real, that I was just imagining it. Unfortunately for her, I was right.

> 

> ...

> 

> I *was* right.

> **2026/01/15**

> 

> It's done, I've just been emailed by 05-4, the SCP Foundation has officially been dissolved. Site-02 is being sold to an investment firm to be leased to a tech startup. The whole site archives are being entrusted to me. I don't know why, maybe they left it up to me because of my loyalty, other than the 05s, I'm the last member of the SCP Foundation.

> 

> ...

> 

> Which means the Foundation isn't dead yet, even if the anomalous is.

> **2026/01/21**

> 

> I've just uploaded the entire Foundation database onto an open domain. I think this is what the 05s wanted me to do, why else would they give me the full archives? And as far as I'm aware, most of them have either retired or are using their influence to land executive positions at major companies (except -2, who was a sapient computer before the "event"). Which means I can do anything with the Foundation that I want.

> 

> Guess who got promoted to 05-1, and guess who's house is now Site-01.

> **2026/01/31**

> 

> I used to come to Storage Site 41 pretty frequently. They had an entire section of "low risk" anomalous objects that you could interact with that only required basic monitoring. My personal favorite object was an unsolvable Rubik's cube. I knew I could never solve it, but I just liked to fidget around with it.

> 

> I haven't played the keyboard much, maybe I should buy some lessons for playing.

> **2026/02/04**

> 

> Holyshitholyshitholyshitholyshitholyshitholyshitholyshit

> 

> I've been practicing on the keyboard for a while now, I can only manage to play some chord progressions and the beginning of Clair de Lune, but that isn't what's important right now.

> 

> I never plugged it in. I didn't even notice until now. It doesn't have any batteries in it either. I also unplugged the amp and it still made sound even though it doesn't have its own speakers.

> 

> Magic isn't dead, it's still alive, I have the proof right here.

> 

> I'm emailing 05-4 right now

> **2026/02/12**

> 

> She hasn't responded yet, she's the new CEO of Delta Airlines anyway, she's probably just busy. Neither did any other researcher I contacted. That's okay, they have their new lives, I can study this by myself. I have an entire archive to help me study.

> **2026/02/24**

> 

> It honestly sounds wonderful. I'm kind of nervous testing on it, I really don't want to ruin this thing. But the researchers would have studied this inside and out to figure out how it works. If I'm to represent the whole Foundation, I need to do this.

---

<details>
<summary>+ Testing log 9771</summary>

The purposes of these tests is to see the limits and capabilities of SCP-9771

| Category | Method | Result |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Durability | Lightly striking corner with hammer. | SCP-9771 received superficial damage to back left corner. |
| Volume | Putting volume knob to maximum and firmly pressing keys. | SCP-9771 produced volume reaching 71 decibels, not exceeding expected volume range. |
| Radiation | Use of EMF detector and Geiger counter while SCP-9771 is active | No results |
| Internals | Removing the plastic cover and checking for any non-standard parts | When compared to a non-anomalous model, SCP-9771 had no notable changes to its internals. *Note: I dropped nearly 800 bucks for that.* |
| Cognitohazardous Effects | Playing SCP-9771 daily | No observed mental or physical changes to 05-1. |
</details>

---

> **2026/03/04**

> 

> I've been testing and playing on this thing for a while now, I also gave it an official SCP designation in an empty slot. By the looks of it, its only anomalous effects are being powered without a source, and producing sound without a speaker system. It isn't much, but so long as it exists, so does the Foundation.

> 

> I also got a new job, I got a pretty nice severance package with what little funds the Foundation had left, but they're running dry. Now I work IT for a normal organization. At least I have time to study and play SCP-9771.

> **2026/03/08**

> 

> 05-4 Finally responded! She asked to do a live chat with her in a few days. I know she'll at least hear me out, and maybe even help me.

> 

> I've learned a few other songs now, if I keep this up, I could play a Liszt piece by the end of the year (joking).

> 

> I've been looking online for any trace of anomalous activity, but they're all hoaxes so far, SCP-9771 is real though, and that's enough for me.

> 

> To whatever god survived this event and let this little piece of magic survive, thank you.

---

<details>
<summary>+ Show interview log</summary>

> **2026/03/13**

> 

> Transcript of interview with the former 05-4: Carol Hendricks. Conducted over Microsoft teams to discuss the future of the SCP Foundation.

> 

> **Interviewer:** 05-1

> 

> **[BEGIN INTERVIEW]**

> 

> **05-1:** I'm so glad that you could make it -4, I-

> 

> **Hendricks:** That isn't my name anymore.

> 

> **05-1:** Of course, Ms. Hendricks, but maybe I can remedy that. You see, I've found one, a real anomaly. I already sent you the file with my testing log and everything. I know 05s are supposed to be more secretive, but excitement got the better of me.

> 

> **Hendricks:** I've read the whole thing. If all this is real, it is exciting. Unfortunately, I'm not the person you should be approaching. For all my excitement over this potential anomaly, I was never a researcher. I can't give any useful insight to this. I'm sorry, but you should really talk to someone else.

> 

> **05-1:** I won't make you go all in, obviously. But just hear me out; this little keyboard is a ray of hope, a sign that the anomalous didn't really die. I of course have been looking elsewhere for more, but this alone could be the start of a new, albeit more humble Foundation.

> 

> **Hendricks:** I don't think you understand what I am saying. I'm not saying what you have is worthless, but you're not a researcher either. Why are you taking full responsibility over this thing? I'm just saying, there are better people to go to with this object. Why not hand it over to say, Purdue? I heard many former SCP researchers are employed there now.

> 

> **05-1:** But don't you want a return to it all? To live in a world of wonder and mysticism? This could be what brings us all back. Why won't you believe me?

> 

> **Hendricks:** Of course I believe you. We wouldn't even be talking if I thought you were crazy. But here's the thing; the goal of the Foundation was to contain and study the anomalous, do you know why we contained them?

> 

> **05-1:** To protect humanity of course.

> 

> **Hendricks:** Not just humanity, but the anomalies themselves. You've seen what people can do with the anomalous at their fingertips. You were at Site-2 during a particularly costly Insurgency raid, correct? What I'm getting at is, we protected the anomalous from those who wished to do harm to others with them, and onto them. But if all that's left is a keyboard... we don't need an entire Foundation for that. So I ask again, why are you taking full responsibility over this? Why not give it to a lab, so it can be properly studied? I'm sure Dr. Gears would love to get his hands on it. And don't get me wrong, I'd love to see it in person, and maybe I will in the future. But we don't live in a world that needs the Foundation anymore.

> 

> **05-1:** I... this is my keyboard though.

> 

> **Hendricks:** ...Ah, I see. But please, consider what I'm telling you. And perhaps Purdue or another university can be the start of a new Foundation. But until then, I have your address, maybe I will come by one day to see SCP-9771. I used to play, you know. Good Luck, Mr. Cho.

> 

> **05-1:** ...Of course, Ms. Hendricks.

> 

> **[END INTERVIEW]**

</details>

---

> **2026/03/13**

> 

> My talk with Carol Hendricks, formerly 05-4, didn't go very well. She told me to bring in SCP-9771 to a research lab staffed by former Foundation researchers. I should probably listen to her, but then that'll mean giving up SCP-9771 to someone else.

> 

> ...

> 

> About a year into being a Foundation employee, I met the former head researcher to SCP-999. I was going through it at the time, learning about just how dangerous and terrifying the world was little by little almost broke me. I asked him how everyone could stand to live in this world with a new murder monster around every corner. He simply smiled and told me to come to 999's containment area. I wish I could've stayed there forever. After that was when I started to regularly go to Storage Site-41, in all actuality, I was just playing with those objects. But on that day, I remembered why that day in the forest with what I now know to have been a Will o' the Wisp was so special.

> **2026/04/27**

> 

> I finally met an ex-Foundation researcher in public and told him about SCP-9771. He chuckled, I couldn't convince him to hear me out.

> 

> I've been uploading my performances online, the viewers are nice and constructive, but everyone is saying that I'm bullshitting the part about its anomalous effects. I still know that this is real, it sounds beautiful, and its songs are even more special since this is the only spark of magic left.

> **2026/05/14**

> 

> I got to play a grand piano today. It was pretty, but it lacked that "magic" that SCP-9771 has.

> **2026/05/30**

> 

> I've found that I prefer to practice songs from games and shows that I like over classical pieces.

> 

> I finally sold the extra keyboard I bought for testing. Still cost me an overall 400 bucks.

> **2026/06/03**

> 

> Just started a new piece, Passacaglia by Handel Halvorsen. I think I'll have to make some adjustments to it so I can play it, at least for now.

> **2026/06/22**

> 

> No no no no no no no

> 

> Please

> 

> Please don't do this to me

> 

> You're all I have

> 

> Please come back

> please.

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> .

> **2026/06/25**

> 

> I've been trying for the past few days now, it won't come on by itself anymore. I took off the cover to see if there was anything I missed, but I found nothing.

> 

> This can't be it, magic can't be dead now, not like this.

> I miss you.

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> .

> **2026/06/29**

> 

> It's over, the Foundation, the anomalous, everything.

> 

> I know I should be happy, I saw so many awful things in the Foundation database that are better off gone. Even while the anomalous was still around, I was terrified of what little I did know. But I didn't want it to go just yet, knowing there was still one anomaly left gave me hope that there would be more, and that there would still be wonder in this world.

> 

> ...

> 

> I just got sent a ticket, I guess I should grow up. Magic is dead.

> Thank you.

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> .

> I won't forget you.

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> .

> I love you.

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> .

> Goodbye.

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> .

> **2026/07/10**

> 

> I still play it.

> 

> It's just a regular keyboard now, but when I play it, I don't think about the Foundation, or the anomalous anymore. It doesn't matter that this was once something mystical and ethereal, because it still is. It still sounds beautiful.

> 

> Magic isn't dead, it's just different.

> 

> -Franklin Cho

---

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 9771.2</summary>

Final recording of SCP-9771 being used before cessation of anomalous properties:

Goodbye, Foundation.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-9770](SCP-9770) | SCP-9771 | [SCP-9772](SCP-9772) >>

=====

> **Filename:** lastone.jpg

> **Author:** Kaichainsaws

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [=====

> **Title and Composer:** Passacaglia by Handel Halvorsen

> **Filename:** passacaglia.mp3

> **Author:** KaiChainsaws

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** <http://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/kaichainsaws-1/passacaglia.mp3](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-9771/lastone.jpg>(http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-9771/lastone.jpg))(http://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/kaichainsaws-1/passacaglia.mp3)
