**FROM:** Ethics Committee Vote Alert System (VAS)

**TO:** E-9

**TOPIC:** VOTE ON FSD REGULATION

---

E-9, your attendance at the Ethics Committee vote on 6/27/23 about the FSD Regulation Act 28 is required since you are the representative for the FSD. The vote will cover the following;

* Temporary cessation of FSD activities

* Shutdown of the FSD Management system

* Analysis of FSD Management by AIAD

* Continuation of employment contracts for the following individuals;

 * Frank Smith

 * John Tanner

 * Linda Walker

* Investigation into Project Homesick to determine the following;

 * All associated personnel

 * Total deployment scope

 * Research into SCP-9653

* Restoration of all properties affected by SCP-9653 deployment

Your attendance is required. If you do not appear for the vote, your vote will be counted as an abstention and will be noted on your record.

]

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** All known instances of SCP-9653 are to be tracked, cataloged, and reported to both the Fire Suppression Department and the Department of Engineering. Any instances discovered in Texas are to be reported only to the Department of Engineering, and not the Fire Suppression Department.

Any SCP-9653 instance deemed by the Department of Engineering as 'needing containment' is to be contained within a standard inanimate object containment unit and delivered to the Department of Engineering's Bioengineering Unit at Site-101. The containment units, the building in which the units are stored, and any place with a SCP-9653 instance should not be considered a home by any individual aware of the manifestations.

**Description:**  SCP-9653 refers to any rats birthed by RR-1 Now designated as SCP-9653-A , a Black Rat (*Rattus rattus*) modified in collaboration with the Department of Engineering and the Fire Suppression Department. All SCP-9653 instances are genetically identical clones of RR-1, measuring 14 centimeters in length with a 16-centimeter tail, and weighing 150 grams.

RR-1, and by extension all SCP-9653 instances, possess the ability to ontokinetically alter any detail about houses including properties which are not houses that are considered houses.  that SCP-9653 instances are in. They also possess genetically altered teeth and digestive systems that allow them to digest materials commonly used in house construction, such as drywall, plaster, fiberglass, concrete, and other building materials. A single instance of SCP-9653 is capable of digesting approximately 50 kilograms of housing material a day. The consumption of housing material Any material used to construct what the instance considers a house to be.  is directly tied to the strength of an instance's ontokinetic abilities.

SCP-9653 instances are capable of merging consciousnesses and, by extension, scaling their ontokinetic abilities. Once SCP-9653 instances merge, they cannot disconnect from the hive-mind. If an instance disconnects from the hive-mind, its consciousness is converted into thermal energy and discharged through its body, typically in an explosive fashion. The same occurs if a hive-mind is rendered functionally unmanageable, and causes all connected SCP-9653 instances to explode.

---

**History:** RR-1 was initially discovered after a raid on an unregulated anomalous body-hacker community in northern Washington. The community had been experimenting with integrating abnormal diets into animals, such as photosynthesis into deer, and vampirism into a flock of pigeons. RR-1 was one of the group's products, but due to the nature of its diet, it was shelved because it was unconventional. After RR-1 was recovered, it was transferred to the Sub-Department of Genetic Engineering in order to reverse engineer the process used. 

RR-1 was then used as the base for SCP-9653. SCP-9653 was created as the product of Project Homesick, a collaboration between the Sub-Department of Genetic Engineering and the Fire Suppression Department. After approval by the Committee on Extinguishers The supervisory committee for the Fire Suppression department , the FSD began to use SCP-9653 in the field near residential areas.

Due to the actions of the FSD during Incident FSD-207, SCP-9653 was transferred to the custody of the Ethics Committee until a proper department can be designated as the owner. While a majority of SCP-9653 instances remain in Foundation custody, RR-1 and around 14 SCP-9653 instances remain uncontained within the state of Texas.    

---

**ADDENDUM 1: PROJECT HOMESICK DOCUMENTATION**

PROJECT HOMESICK

**Department Leads:** Sub-Department of Genetic Engineering and Fire Suppression Department

**Personnel Leads:** Sub-Department of Genetic Engineering; Head Researcher Devin Patrell, and Fire Suppression Department; Head of Asset Maximization Mary Radford.

**Project Overview:** Project Homesick is a collaborative effort between the Sub-Department of Genetic Engineering and the Fire Suppression Department to combat the increasing rate of personnel seeking off-site housing via a series of biological anomalies descending from RR-1, a modified *Rattus rattus* that is capable of consuming materials that houses are constructed from.

---

**Background:** Since the approval of off-site living arrangements in 2005, following the on-site living crisis of the year before, the FSD has noted an increase in personnel who both decide to live off-site and those who manage to fall under the jurisdiction of FSD operations. FSD Management FSD Management refers to a .AIC system employed within the FSD to manage the department.  has decided that curbing the rate at which personnel move off-site is now a major priority.

To make the project proposal more appealing to the Committee of Extinguishers, FSD Management also highlighted the rising rate of security incidents involving personnel living in off-site housing. However, the presented statistics were not convincing enough for the test audience. FSD Management authorized the use of falsified statistics. 

Project Homesick was authorized on September 27th, 2019, for use in culling the rate of personnel seeking off-site housing.

**Description of Project:** Project Homesick officially refers to a mischief of black rats cloned from the host rat, RR-1. All clones of RR-1, like RR-1 itself, are capable of consuming large quantities of material related to the construction of houses, such as drywall, plaster, concrete, and more, and can use the energy gained from the consumption of these materials in low-level ontokinetic operations.

These operations usually consist of altering the physical properties of a residential property in order to make it less structurally stable. It has been noted that large swarms of Project Homesick rats are capable of making larger changes than a single instance.

---

**Operational Outline:** Project Homesick is to be used on a scale of priority. Priority 1 operations are to be fulfilled before Priority 2, and so on.

Priority 1 operations refer to high-level individuals seeking off-site housing, such as site directors, area directors, heads of departments, high-level researchers, .AIC, anomalies cleared for off-site housing, and any individual designated as Priority 1 by FSD Management. Priority 1 targets are granted permission to use over 100 instances of RR-1.

Priority 2 operations refer to personnel who have clearance between 1-3, MTF agents, field agents, researchers who are not distinguished, containment specialists, class C through D personnel, and any individual designated as Priority 1 by non-FSD Management. Priority 2 targets are granted permission to use 50 instances of RR-1 at a maximum.

Priority 3 operations refer to any personnel who are not in the above tiers, as well as personnel designated as Priority 2 by non-FSD Management Priority 3 targets are granted permission to use only 10 instances of RR-1.

Once an individual has been designated, 2 Project Homesick specialists are to be escorted by 4 FSD agents to the target property, alongside a priority appropriate allotment of RR-1 instances. Upon permission of both specialists, the RR-1 instances are to be released onto the property. Once all FSD agents declare that the operation is over, the specialists are to lure all RR-1 instances back into containment using large amounts of copper wire. 

If fewer instances return than what was released, FSD agents are to eliminate the remaining rats in containment, and FSD Management will assign a unit of Beta-7 to the area until the instances are either neutralized or contained.

---

**Findings (As of 2023):**      

Since the implementation of Project Homesick, the number of personnel living off-site has decreased at a satisfactory pace. Permits to live off-site have similarly begun to slow down due to word-of-mouth rumors about the viability of living off-site, as well as the actual amount of available housing off-site decreasing due to high usage of Project Homesick. FSD Management sees it as sound to continue further operation of Project Homesick.

Project Homesick instances have been observed to consume houses in unison. Containment specialists have also noted a slight increase in the number of instances in which containment units are breached. Due to this abnormality, the usage of Project Homesick in Priority 3 orders has been cancelled until further research can be conducted. 

---

The following documentation is subject to priority protection per the Ethics Committee's order. Any attempt to copy or print these files will result in immediate punishment and investigation. Any attempt to access these files without authorization will result in the same. 

---

**ADDENDUM 2: DEPLOYMENT LOG**

Project Homesick Deployment Log

| Date Deployed | Target Property | Target Personnel | Outcome |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| = **September 28th, 2019** | 13643 Glen Erica Dr, Houston, TX 77069 | Senior Researcher Erica Go of Site-73 | Total destruction of property. No lives lost. Erica still resides in Site-73 housing. |
| = **37 Entries skipped for Brevity** |
| = **November 3rd, 2019** | 4806 Southwood Dr, Lufkin, TX 75904 | Regional Head of the Department of Anomalous Ranching, David Plaza, and Regional Head of the Department of Anomalous Wildlife. | Destruction of property due to the explosion of a gas stove, 3 days after initial deployment. No lives lost. Both remain in Site-73 housing. Post-destruction inspection revealed the presence of a basement that was not on the property before destruction. |
| = **November 5th, 2019** | 351 N New Hampshire Ave, Atlantic City, NJ 08401 | 10 Janitors at Site-333 | Project Homesick instances behaved abnormally. Instead of targeting the whole structure, instances solely targeted the personnel in question, causing the units they were living in to collapse onto the floor below. 2 suffered major injuries. FSD Management found the incident to be accidental and allowed further use of instances in apartment buildings. |
| = **40 Entries skipped for Brevity** |
| **December 15, 2019 | 8170 Red Rock Court, Larkspur, CO 80118 | Secretary of Site-41 Director, Lance. | Project Homesick instances attempted to navigate into the home, but were not able to make contact with any edible materials. Upon attempting to retrieve the rats, all FSD agents assigned to the deployment became lost in the forest. FSD Management asked all deployed personnel to return to the nearest FSD branch. All remain in on-site housing. All instances lost. |
| = ****65 Entries skipped for Brevity** |
| **February 18th, 2020** | 12380 Landmark Ln, Missoula, MT 59808 | Head of the Department of Applied Horology, Dr. Francis Own. | Total collapse of structure. No injuries. Upon collection of instances, 2 fewer returned. The property was burned, and collected instances were neutralized. After 8 weeks, Beta-7 was unable to find traces of the missing instances. Subject remains in on-site housing. |
| **February 19th, 2020 | 848 5th St, Kotzebue, AK 99752 | Site-8 Helicopter Pilot, Martin Lee | Total destruction of property. Fewer instances returned than what was deployed. Initially thought to be another escape, but 4 bodies were recovered after a prolonged search. Subject remains in on-site housing. During recovery of instances, 22 instance-sized cages were found in the kitchen. |
| = ****1219 Entries skipped for Brevity** |
| **June 22nd, 2023** | Spring Valley Village, TX | Any and all staff leaving from Site-73 | [see A.A.R-207 Below] |
---

In 2023, Site-73 experienced a series of power failures, which in total lasted 39 days. Most personnel on site decided to seek off-site housing after the incident concluded. However, due to the large number of personnel leaving the site, Site Management limited the off-site housing to the city of Spring Valley Village. The following actions were not approved by the Committee of Extingushers, but was approved by FSD Management.  

**ADDENDUM 3: TIMELINE OF DOCUMENTATION ASSOCIATED WITH THE SPRING VALLEY VILLAGE DEPLOYMENT**

**Project Homesick Deployment Notice**

---

FSD Management has permitted the use of Project Homesick assets in the case of Site-73 personnel seeking residence within Spring Valley Village City as a **priority 1** deployment. Due to the large scale of this deployment, FSD Management has permitted the use of 1000 instances to ensure the destruction of all properties within SVVC that Site-73 is seeking for off-site residence.

All FSD units currently within the Houston area have been assigned to this deployment. Further specifications will be communicated to the units on-site. 

**VIDEO/AUDIO LOG**

---

**Involved Personnel:** FSD Agent Frank Smith, FSD Containment Specialist John Tanner

**Date:** June 22nd, 2023. 1:20 PM

**Location:** 1025 Campbell Rd, Houston, TX 77055. Spring Valley Village City Hall.

---

**BEGIN LOG**

**Frank Smith:** Yeah, sir. Yes. Got it. When? Understood.

**[00:05]:** F.S drops his phone into the center console.

**John Tanner:** Who was that?

**F.S:** Management. We have to stay here for a while.

**J.T:** How long?

**F.S** 3 hours.

**[00:24]:** J.T slides down in the passenger seat and sighs.

**J.T:** We've been out here for what? 5 hours? 

**F.S:** Around that.

**[00:30]:** J.T gets back up onto the seat and looks out the window.

**J.T:** When's the last time you ate?

**F.S:** Awhile ago. Why?

**[00:35]:** J.T points out the passenger side window.

**J.T:** I got some cash, if you want something.

**F.S:** You think they sell breakfast rolls?

**J.T:** Yeah, probably.

**F.S:** Get a bacon, egg, and cheese—salt, pepper, ketchup.

**J.T:** Got it.

**[00:45]:** J.T opens the passenger door and exits the vehicle.

**J.T (Muffled):** Yeah, I'll get a bagel, and a breakfast roll, with bacon, egg, cheese.

**[00:47]:** Muffled response. Muffled question.

**J.T:** Oh, we're with the mayor, babysitting some animals for a fair later this year.

**[00:49]:** Muffled question.

**J.T:** Yeah, he's kept it all hush-hush. Wants it to be a surprise for the kids when school starts back up.

**[00:52]:** Muffled question.

**J.T:** Nah, they're nice and cozy back there. We drove them all the way from Oklahoma, so the back of the car is basically home to them.

**[00:55]:** F.S's phone begins to ring.

**F.S:** Hello?   

 

**CALL LOG: Unit 05**

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

**Linda Walker:** The rats!

**L.W:** Doesn't matter! They ate through the cage!

**L.W:** Well, they did. They're not in the cage anymore, and we can't drive to find them because they ate through the driveshaft!

**L.W:** I don't know. I got up to check on them after I got the call from management, and they were just-.

**[01:15]:** Muffled screaming.

**L.W:** Shit! They're going at the- Get out of the house! Go, go!

**L.W:** They're eating the houses!

**L.W:** I got to get people out of here!

**[END LOG]**

**F.S:** Instances, Walker. Instances.

**F.S:** What do you mean they ate through the cage? They can't do that.

**F.S:** How long ago did they get out?

**F.S:** Walker? What's going on?

**[01:25]:** J.T enters the car.

**J.T:** I think 15 dollars for all of this isn't bad. He threw in a coffee for free.

**F.S:** Call management right now.

**J.T:** Why? I thought we were all good?

**F.S:** 05's instances got loose. We need a clean-up crew.

**J.T:** How many did they have?

**F.S:** 200.

**[01:45]:** J.T reaches into the center console.

**J.T:** Shit, what?

**[01:48]:** J.T produces an instance from the center console.

**F.S:** Get out of the car!

**[01:51]:** F.S and J.T exit the vehicle. The vehicle quickly transforms into a brandless 18-wheeler semi-truck, then into a tricycle. Upon transformation into a tricycle, all 200 contained instances are released and navigate into the city hall.

**F.S:** Walker! Are you still there? She hung up on me!

**[01.59]:** F.S calls FSD Management. 

**INCIDENT REPORT TX-207**

**LOCATION:** Spring Valley Village, TX

**DATE:** June 22nd, 2023

**TYPE:** Anomalous Biological Outbreak At this point, Project Homesick was known only to FSD personnel. The Spring Valley Village incident was assumed to be a new anomaly. 

**INVOLVED PARTIES:** Site-73 Biological Containment Team, Site-73's Branch of the Department of Biological Anomalies, Department of Containment, and Department of Investigations. An unknown 3rd party has been reported.

---

**DESCRIPTION:** At 10:13 AM, Site-73's Telecommunications Monitoring Office reported an abnormal increase of 911 calls originating from the Spring Valley Village area regarding a large mischief of rats spreading through the area to the Department of Investigations as a low-priority abnormality. At 10:25 AM, TMO sent another report to the Department of Investigations after continued calls about rats and new calls about explosions. The Department of Investigations assigned an investigator to SVV to verify the reports.

At 10:45 AM, the investigator requested a lockdown of Spring Valley Village and a biological containment team. The investigator also reported the presence of a third, unknown party that was attempting to leave the scene. One had been apprehended on suspicion, and the others managed to flee the SVV.    

Containment of the unknown anomaly, now designated as SCP-9653-UC, is still underway.

**RECOVERED ATYPICAL AND ANOMALOUS MATERIALS**

---

* 2 Ford SUVs

 * Both SUVs were noted as possessing security modifications that are standard to Foundation vehicles, such as bulletproof windows, airless tires, and specialized radio communication systems. Technicians noted that the communication system used an abnormal encryption password.

* 2 Large aanimal cages

* 3 Satellite phones

 * All phones possessed a hot-dial to a contact labelled Management. Investigation underway.

* 3 Alleged Foundation Personnel

 * 1 Linda Walker

 * 1 John Tanner

 * 1 Thomas Gillespie

  * All personnel are alleged to be part of the Fire Suppression Department. Due to FSD personnel policy, all personnel who are assigned to FSD are removed from the primary Personnel database. The Committee of Extinguishers has been contacted.  

* 136 SCP-9653-UC instances

The following day, the situation was communicated to the Ethics Committee, and subsequently the Committee of Extinguishers. Following standard Ethics Committee guidelines regarding incidents involving the Fire Suppression Department, a vote for targeted disclosure was held.  

| A vote on the targeted disclosure of any FSD initiative involving anomalous biological agents and houses. |
| --- |
| Member | Yes | No | Abstain |
| E-1 | **X** |  |  |
| E-2 | **X** |  |  |
| E-3 | **X** |  |  |
| E-4 | **X** |  |  |
| E-5 |  | **X** |  |
| E-6 | **X** |  |  |
| E-7 |  | **X** |  |
| E-8 | **X** |  |  |
| E-9 |  |  | **X** E-9 was not present for the vote. Non-present members are counted as Abstains |
| E-10 | **X** |  |  |
| E-11 | **X** |  |  |
| E-12 | **X** |  |  |
| E-13 | **X** |  |  |
| E-14 |  | **X** |  |
| Result |
| Disclosure passes. FSD has 7 days to produce any targeted documentation. Failure to do so opens FSD to Extingusher action. |

**TARGETED DISCLOSURE DOCUMENTATION**

---

**BIOLOGICAL PROJECTS**

* [83 PROJECTS REDACTED]

---

**HOUSE-RELATED PROJECTS**

* [23 PROJECTS REDACTED]

---

**BIOLOGICAL AND HOUSE-RELATED PROJECTS**

* PROJECT HOMESICK

 * Containment Documentation

 * Discovery Documentation

 * Modifications

  * Documentation regarding the modifications made to SCP-9653-UC's reproduction system.

 * Deployment Log

 * Research Documentation

  * Documentation regarding possible Psionic Hive-Mind Capabilities

  * Documentation regarding possible energetic discharges of Psionic energy after instance death.

After the release of all documentation targeted in the disclosure, ETTRA and the Ethics Committee were assigned to Incident TX-207. ETTRA established a quarantine The Spring Valley Village area was told that an incredibly virulent and lethal strain of E.Coli had infiltrated their drinking water.   of the Spring Valley Village area to prevent the spread of SCP-9653-UC throughout the Houston area while research was conducted into possible containment initiatives. The Ethics Committee began pursuing charges against the FSD and those involved in the Spring Valley Village deployment.

The day after the quarantine was established, the following call was discovered between Frank Smith and an unknown individual within FSD Management.

 

**CALL LOG**

---

**Involved Personnel:** FSD Agent Frank Smith, Unknown FSD Management Instance.

**Date:** June 28th, 2023. 12:30 AM

**Location:** 1000 Prairie St, Houston, TX 77002

---

**BEGIN LOG**

**Frank Smith:** Management?

**FSD:** Passphrase?

**F.S:** Bird-brain. Put me on the line with Management.

**FSD:** This is Management. Sit rep?

**F.S:** Sit rep? You've heard the sit rep by now. They pulled a disclosure on us, quarantined the SVV. Someone from DoI got Tanner, and he's probably spilled by now. We've got to scrap the deployment. 

**FSD:** Deployment has already been scrapped. Instances in the wild must be terminated.

**F.S:** What? You want me to go back in there?

**FSD:** Yes. You are at 1000 Prairie St, Houston, TX 77002, a restaurant, correct?

**F.S:** Right outside. 

**FSD:** Make your way to 3201 Hwy 6, Houston, TX 77084. There will be a box hidden behind the ramp of the nearby skate park. Please collect it and return it to SVV. Instructions are attached to the package.

**F.S:** What's in it?

**FSD:** Unnecessary for your mission.

**F.S:** I'm not going to transport something that could get me fired, for God's sake!

**FSD:** You will be fired if you do not transport the device.

**F.S:** And if Ethics decides to fire me?

**FSD:** Then it will be. This call is over, Smith. Goodbye.

**F.S:** No! Damnit!

**END LOG**

The next day, Frank Smith was spotted infiltrating the SVV carrying a wooden box. CCTV cameras located him entering the SVV City Hall. ETTRA deployed a small security force to apprehend him.  

**VIDEO LOG:**

---

**LOCATION:** 1025 Campbell Rd, Houston, TX 77055

**DATE:** June 29th, 2023. 3:45 AM

**PERSONNEL INVOLVED:** ETTRA Command, MTF Epsilon-6 (Village Idiots) -11, -4, -9, -2, Frank Smith

**FOREWORD:** If you are sensitive to explosions or bright lights, it is recommended to only read the transcript.

---

**BEGIN LOG**

**-11:** Comms check.

**[REMOVED FOR BREVITY]**

**[0:20]:** Epsilon-6 boards a SUV and begins transport to SVV

**-4:** Can we get any insight from Command on our mission? I thought this Spring Valley stuff was just about rats.

**Command:** We've captured video of an unauthorized individual gaining access to SVV City Hall. You've been deployed to apprehend and detain him.

**-11:** You got us up at 3 in the morning to go detain some dude?

**Command:** The individual works for FSD.

**0:50:** -11 sighs.

**-9:** Do you have a problem with FSD?

**-11:** They tried to recruit me a couple of years back off of this force. Failed miserably.  

**-2:** So you got a personal stake.

**-11:** That was years ago. They just left a bad taste in my mouth, nothing more. Command, what did FSD have to do with this?

**Command:** Currently above your clearance.

**-4:** Wonderful.

**[REMAINDER OF TRANSPORT SKIPPED FOR BREVITY]**

**[10:28]:** Epsilon-6 arrives at SVV City Hall. -11 notes that the road leading into the parking lot had been converted into speed bumps.

**-11:** We've arrived at the target. Making entry.

**Command:** Understood.

**[10:30 - 11:00]:** Epsilon-6 attempts to use the front doors of City Hall, but the doors lack handles. The unit resorts to using a service door on the right side of the building.

**-11:** Command, we have made entry. We're currently standing in the middle of a service kitchen. I'm picking up some muffled chatter. You guys getting that?

**-4:** Yup, hearing it too. Going to patch Command in?

**-11:** Doing it already.

**[11:26]:** -11 activates the outward-facing mic on their vest.

**Frank Smith (Muffled):** Then this... goes... there... Yeah, that looks right.

**-9:** Is it me, or is there something wrong with this kitchen?

**-4:** What about it?

**-9:** There's 5 walk-in freezers.

**[11:30]:** -9 and -4 pan their body cameras around. There are a total of 5 walk-in freezers. 1 is on the ceiling.

**-11:** It's the anomaly. Just leave it be. Let's move.

**[11:37]:** Epsilon-6 makes their way into the central hallway. F.S is seen assembling a device.

**F.S:** Why isn't the damn thing turning on? 

**-9 (whispered):** Is that him?

**-2 (whispered:** Looks like it.

**[11:40]:** Epsilon-6 gets closer to F.S. F.S does not notice.

**F.S:** Ah, here we go. Got you now.

**[11:49]:** F.S attempts to flick a switch on the device.

**[11:50]:** All members of Epsilon-6 turn on their weapon-mounted flashlights and aim at F.S

**-11:** Frank Smith! Hands in the air!

**[11:52]:** F.S jumps up, surprised. He quickly rushes over to the other side of the device.

**F.S:** Look, guys! I'm just doing my job!

**-11:** Ethics has issued a warrant of apprehension for any FSD personnel involved in this operation. You're coming with us.

**[11:57]:** F.S looks down at the device.

**-11:** Don't.

**[12:00]:** F.S tilts his head at the device.

**F.S:** Oh, it is on. 

**-2:** What is it doing?

**F.S:** I don't know, all I was told was to set it up.

**-11:** Well, turn it off-.

**[12:10]:** A water fountain within the central chamber of the City Hall is suddenly altered into a circular doorway. A large mischief of instances begins pouring through the doorway and begin circling the device.

**F.S:** It's a rat caller.

**-11:** -4, turn it off. 

**-4:** Are we sure we want to do that? What if it's tamper-proof?

**-11:** Is it?

**F.S:** I wouldn't know. I barely know what it is at all.

**[12:20]:** The device beeps loudly.

**Device:** 10.

**-9:** Did it just speak?

**Device:** 9.

**-11:** It's counting down. -2, get him. Let's move, now.

**Device:** 8.

**[12:23]:** -2 walks over to the other side of the device and picks up F.S, throwing him over his shoulder.

**-2:** I'm getting out of here.

**[12:25]:** The instances begin to gnaw at the walls of the building.

**[12:27]:** Epsilon-6 and F.S evacuate the building and re-enter their transport vehicle.

**-4:** Do you seriously not know what that thing is going to do?

**F.S:** They never told me. Instructions said it was something psionic.

**[12:29]:** -11 looks back at F.S, then towards the building.

**-11:** Get down!

**[12:30]:** A large explosion suddenly engulfs the City Hall. Epsilon-6's Transport Vehicle is flipped over by the blast.

**Command:** Epsilon-6, do you copy? Did you evacuate City Hall?

**-2:** We're good. Vehicle's upside down, though.

**Command:** Is the target alive?

**[12:50]:** -2 pans his camera to look at F.S. F.S is alive, but unconscious.

**-2:** Yeah, he's still kicking. You going to come pick us up?

**Command:** Rescue vehicle is already being deployed.

**END LOG**

At 3:57 AM, the unknown FSD device caused a major psionic event to occur. The exact mechanisms behind both the device and the psionic event are unknown. The device caused the sudden brain death of all SCP-9653-UC instances within a mile radius, resulting in their explosion. ETTRA implemented a standard gas leak cover for the explosion. The next day, FSD announced the existence of Project Homesick to the rest of the Foundation, alongside its cancellation, and an investigation into FSD by the Ethics Committee.

| On the continued employment of Frank Smith, John Tanner, and Linda Smith |
| --- |
| After deliberation, the Committee decided to continue employment contracts with Frank Smith and John Tanner, citing their cooperation with Committee investigators as reasons for leniency. Linda Smith has been transferred out of FSD and onto the Committee of Extinguishers as a primary investigator due to her actions during the initial breach. The resolution was put to a vote. |
| Members | Yes | No | Abstain |
| E-1 | **X** |  |  |
| E-2 | **X** |  |  |
| E-3 | **X** |  |  |
| E-4 | **X** |  |  |
| E-5 | **X** |  |  |
| E-6 | **X** |  |  |
| E-7 | **X** |  |  |
| E-8 | **X** |  |  |
| E-9 |  |  | **X** |
| E-10 | **X** |  |  |
| E-11 | **X** |  |  |
| E-12 | **X** |  |  |
| E-13 | **X** |  |  |
| E-14 |  | **X** |  |
@@ @@

| Investigation into Project Homesick |
| --- |
| Due to the Spring Valley Village incident, and previous deployments of SCP-9653 against Foundation personnel, an investigation into Project Homesick is required to determine the scale of the project. |
| Members | Yes | No | Abstain |
| E-1 | **X** |  |  |
| E-2 | **X** |  |  |
| E-3 | **X** |  |  |
| E-4 | **X** |  |  |
| E-5 | **X** |  |  |
| E-6 | **X** |  |  |
| E-7 | **X** |  |  |
| E-8 | **X** |  |  |
| E-9 |  |  | **X** |
| E-10 | **X** |  |  |
| E-11 | **X** |  |  |
| E-12 | **X** |  |  |
| E-13 | **X** |  |  |
| E-14 | **X** |  |  |
@@ @@

| Shutdown and Analysis of FSD Management by AIAD |
| --- |
| The Ethics Committee has determined that FSD Management no longer functions up to Foundation Ethical Standards, as well as Standard Management Practices that the system initially abided by. Due to this AIAD has been ordered to evaluate the system for potential misalignment, and realign if possible. |
| Members | Yes | No | Abstain |
| E-1 |  | **X** |  |
| E-2 | **X** |  |  |
| E-3 | **X** |  |  |
| E-4 |  | **X** |  |
| E-5 | **X** |  |  |
| E-6 | **X** |  |  |
| E-7 | **X** |  |  |
| E-8 | **X** |  |  |
| E-9 |  |  | **X** |
| E-10 | **X** |  |  |
| E-11 | **X** |  |  |
| E-12 |  | **X** |  |
| E-13 | **X** |  |  |
| E-14 | **X** |  |  |
@@ @@

| Temporary Cessation of FSD actvities. |
| --- |
| The Ethics Committee has determined that the recent actions of the FSD meet a target of reasonable suspicion regarding the actions of the FSD in the Foundation as a whole. Due to this, the Ethics Committee has decided that a temporary shutdown of FSD operations is required, followed by an investigation into the Department to ensure that it follows proper ethical guidelines. |
| Members | Yes | No | Abstain |
| E-1 | **X** |  |  |
| E-2 | **X** |  |  |
| E-3 | **X** |  |  |
| E-4 | **X** |  |  |
| E-5 | **X** |  |  |
| E-6 | **X** |  |  |
| E-7 |  | **X** |  |
| E-8 | **X** |  |  |
| E-9 |  |  | **X** |
| E-10 | **X** |  |  |
| E-11 | **X** |  |  |
| E-12 | **X** |  |  |
| E-13 |  | **X** |  |
| E-14 | **X** |  |  |
@@ @@

| Restoration of properties affected by SCP-9653 deployment. |
| --- |
| Research by the Committee of Extinguishers has determined that, excluding the Spring Valley Village deployment, SCP-9653 has caused approximately 1.5 billion USD in damages. Including the SVV deployment, this cost grows to 2.8 billion USD. The Ethics Committee has determined that the repairs for these deployments is to come from the budget of the FSD. In the case of SVV, the state of Texas has already converted the SVV into a large park. |
| Members | Yes | No | Abstain |
| E-1 |  |  | **X** |
| E-2 | **X** |  |  |
| E-3 |  | **X** |  |
| E-4 | **X** |  |  |
| E-5 | **X** |  |  |
| E-6 | **X** |  |  |
| E-7 | **X** |  |  |
| E-8 | **X** |  |  |
| E-9 |  |  | **X** |
| E-10 | **X** |  |  |
| E-11 |  | **X** |  |
| E-12 | **X** |  |  |
| E-13 | **X** |  |  |
| E-14 | **X** |  |  |

> **Filename:** http://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/highway-karma-images/SpringValleyVillageTXCityHall.JPG

> **Author:** WhisperToMe

> **License:**  public domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:SpringValleyVillageTXCityHall.JPG

> **Filename:** http://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/highway-karma-images/A_tornado_damaged_home_in_Forney%2C_Texas.jpg

> **Author:** Matthew T Rader

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:A_tornado_damaged_home_in_Forney,_Texas.jpg

> **Filename:** http://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/highway-karma-images/Gris_rat_tiesse.jpg

> **Author:** 	Lucyin

> **License:**   Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gris_rat_tiesse.jpg

> **Filename:** http://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/highway-karma-images/Long-tailed_black_rat_%28Rattus_rattus%29.jpg

> **Author:** 	Alex O'Neal

> **License:**   Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Long-tailed_black_rat_(Rattus_rattus).jpg

> The two line graphs were made by me, and I release them under Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International
