Item #:SCP-9679: Rubberhose

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-9679 will be placed in a small cell padded with enforced malleable padding to ensure the creature cannot break down the cell. Behind the malleable padding there will be walls of hard metal to prevent SCP-9676 from ripping through the padding.

Description: Regular sized jet black cat with a rubbery body and wide white eyes.

Addendum: SCP-9679 was contained on December 30th 1990 after it was found in an abandoned film studio after killing 8 employees.

On January 1st 1990 the foundation took SCP-9679 into a test cell to test its malleable abilities.

Test log 9679-1

Test: SCP-9679 will be shot from a 10-gauge shotgun at point blank range.

Procedure: SCP-9679 will be placed into an enclosed cell with a d-class personnel armed with a 10-gauge shotgun to be shot at point blank range.

Results: After firing the shotgun the bullets stretched the cat’s body then the bullets came back at the shooter and exploded the body.

Analysis: SCP-9679 has mass immunity to conventional weaponry and other similar weaponry.

Test log 9679-2

Test: SCP-9679 will be placed in an infinite open space, tied to two endless stretchers and stretched to the entity’s maximum length.

Procedure: SCP-9679 is carried into the space and tied onto the stretchers and start the stretching.

Results: SCP-9679 was stretched to these periods with the same result, 100Km: no visible end, 1000Km: no visible end, 10000Km: no visible end, 100000Km: still no visible end. SCP-9679 instantly returned to its normal state after being released and the retraction caused the instant destruction of anything in the radius.

Analysis: SCP-9679 has been concluded to have endless stretching capabilities with no end and dangerous retraction capabilities.

Test log 9679-3

Test: SCP-9679 will be put into a containment cell with SCP-682 to test its fighting capabilities.

Procedures: SCP-682 is heavily sedated and brought into a containment cell with SCP-9679, then they will be released to fight.

Results: After getting sight of each other both SCP-682 and SCP-9679 become very hostile and SCP-682 takes the first bite on SCP-9679 instantly flattening SCP-9679 only for it to immediately return to its shape with enough force to send SCP-682 across the cell. The entities fought each other for 9 hours with both taking no damage.

Analysis: SCP-9679 is very hostile and can fight seemingly forever. However, previous conclusions say that SCP-9679: Rubberhose, ability is mostly defensive, it can use it to stretch its claws and mouth to strike with enough force to takes chunks out of SCP-682.

Overall Analysis: SCP-9679: Rubberhose, has many symptoms of Absolute Malleability and infinite stamina with immunity to conventional weaponry
