**Item #:** SCP-9699

**Object Class:** Safe

**Secure Containment Procedures:** SCP-9699 is to remain housed at Site-48, and is to be guarded by at least three personnel at all times. Its restraints are to be checked every twelve hours to ensure functionality. Any medical documentation related to SCP-9699 is to be restricted behind Level 5 clearance.

All vocalizations from SCP-9699 are to be ignored.

**Description:** SCP-9699 is a Foundation-made anomaly designed by the joint efforts of multiple high-level thaumaturges and imprisoned Sarkics, overseen by O5-7 and the Ethics Committee Director. Following the successful birthing of SCP-9699, all persons associated with its creation were amnesticised and released into civilian life with updated medical documentation denoting their releases a result of dissociative amnesia.

SCP-9699 itself is an anomalous humanoid of indistinguishable sex possessing the anatomy of an adult human being. It possesses no name, language, or identity. SCP-9699 is currently held at a secure surgical suite in Site-48's subterranean medical ward, restrained to the central bed by an array of heavy duty cuffs and ropes to endure minimal mobility.

SCP-9699's inherent anomalous properties are as follows;

* Accelerated aging, followed by a total stunting of aging following the presentation of an approximately 25 year old person,

* Complete immunity to chemical influence, including substances such as Anesthetics, Ketamine, Nitrous Oxide, Oxycodone, and Morphine,

* Complete immunity to memetic influence, such as memetic sleeping, numbing, and dissociative agents,

* Inability to starve, dehydrate, or experience organ failure, regardless of present organs,

* Innate regenerative capabilities, such as the ability to regenerate entirely missing segments of the body (excluding the brain),

* Inability to bleed out or die to any form of injury and/or organ failure, including in the case of a mass removal of organs and/or blood (excluding injuries/removal of the brain).

A full-body harvest of SCP-9699 takes assigned organ recovery surgeons an average of three hours, with a one hour reprieve period afterward for proper cataloguing and storage of retrieved assets during SCP-9699's regeneration. It is routinely harvested up to five times a day, with 93% of its organs and associated materials retrieved without damage or incident.

Current projections suggest that, within the next year, SCP-9699 will produce enough organic matter to replace all organ donations, skin grafts, and blood donations throughout the entirety of the SCP Foundation. Discussions to offload excess material to various world powers in exchange for increased funding is currently underway.

<details>
<summary>NOTIFICATION RECEIVED: FILE UPDATE. VIEW?</summary>

**Incident-9699-1:** 

On March 9th, 2012, at 16:49, one of SCP-9699's surgeons returned to the surgical suite during her designated lunch hour, claiming that she had left her wallet behind. In a breach of standard protocol, the guard allowed the surgeon into the surgical suite without joining them. It was during this time that the surgeon managed to retrieve a scalpel and penetrate SCP-9699's brain through its eye socket, during which the surgeon seemed to mutter an array of apologies under her breath.

SCP-9699 immediately expired, notifying all on-shift guards, resulting in the surgeon's immediate detainment. Following a brief investigation, the offending surgeon would be amnesticised and relieved of her duties to the Foundation, with all guards present during Incident-9699-1 receiving a highly severe reprimanding. SCP-9699's previous instance would likewise be disposed of. 

A new SCP-9699 instance is expected to be birthed within the week, with routine harvest scheduled to resume by the end of the month.

</details>

« [SCP-9698](SCP-9698) | SCP-9699 | [SCP-9700](SCP-9700) »
