**Special Containment Procedures:** All instances of SCP-9648 are to be kept in their original packaging, whenever possible, and stored in medical-grade cabinet coolers in the low-security wing of Site-77. Containment Chambers 024 and 064 have been made available to this end. Access to these facilities requires the expressed permission of at least one member of personnel from the Department of Oneirology with level 3 security clearance.

Testing may only be conducted on Class-D subjects and selected test subjects must be isolated for the duration of the experiment. No verbal exchanges nor stimuli outside approved parameters may be provided to avoid contamination of results. Slow burn mnestics will ensure the contents of all dreams are retained for documentation and review. Personality changes need approval by the Site-77 Ethics Committee Liaison and, in the case of D-class expected to be released within 5 years, may be summarily denied in line with severity restrictions outlined in Document 9648-019-D.

**Description:** SCP-9648 are 16 mm long, octagonal, golden pills. Pressed into each is the symbol of a tree with a circle inside it on one side and the number "888" on the other. SCP-9648 are sold in quantities of 8 in blister packs packaged singularly into cardboard boxes. Branding on the boxes proports them to have been manufactured by the Oneiroi Collective under the name "Bhava." Chemical analysis has determined the items to be sugar pills.

When ingested, SCP-9648 induces a state of prolonged confusion, deliriousness, anterograde amnesia, and suggestibility. Starting very minor with a maximum duration of up to 40 minutes, they will worsen in severity over the course of daily use. Further, permanent alterations to personality and exhibited interests corresponding to stimuli experienced while under the anomaly's influence has been observed. Physiological reactions increase in frequency when multiple are imbibed in a single day or daily for a regiment exceeding 8-days in a 30-day period. These can include, but are not limited to; muscle spasms, seizures, spontaneous neural transfiguration, tissue death, or termination via an aneurysm.

At this time, none of the "trained embodiment technicians" referenced in the directions have been identified by Foundation personnel.

**Addendum 9648-A:** Recovered packaging for SCP-9648 instances included a singular piece of paper which lists ingredients, possible side effects, advisements against use while pregnant or in conjunction with other neurological medications, and the following text.

> You are trapped in cycles of cycles. The physical has sunk its fangs so deep in you it has become a part of your very being. History flows across this world and carries you like sand in the current. The wheel turns, and your bodies are crushed beneath it. You know this, and you hate it; but that hate, inevitably, turns inwards as you see yourself standing as one of the spokes upon the wheel.

> 

> You are shaped by the physical. You shape the physical in turn. Its pain becomes yours, and vice versa. You found us because you seek to change this. You do not know how, we understand. We were in your shoes once. We cannot offer liberation, that must come from within. But we can offer alleviation.

> 

> Take one dose of *Bhava* daily and you will be able to shed all the worst parts of yourself in the pursuit of a better form. Do not worry for the shavings, we will take them, it is payment. Avoid interaction while undergoing treatment, it may interfere. Listen for the jingle, our trained embodiment technicians use it to let you know we're at the door. Let us in, we will handle the heavy lifting. Do not seek others to supplement, they are prone to error and will only worsen the problem.

> 

> Do not tell the lotus eaters you have these. You know who they are. We will know if you do.

Notably, all listed ingredients are nonsensical, fictional, or memetic anomalies. An abridged list of notable examples is appended below.

* Dāna Extract, 24 mg

* ███████ Fetal Aspirations, 64 mg

* Tears of the ████████, Flagged by the Department of Tactical Theology as a hazardous statement. 32 mg

* Icchantikan Imitation ██████, 8 mg

**Addendum 9648-B:** Since 2016, SCP-9648 has been appearing with increasing frequency among circles of recreational drug users in developed nations. Particularly focusing on upper- and middle-class areas in urban regions of the United States, Germany, and Norway. The most frequent users of SCP-9648 fall into the 16-24 age demographic, express heightened political disillusionment, lack interest in religious organizations but possess persistent spiritualistic beliefs or ideals, and are mentally ill. Testimonies from these subjects have failed to locate the main suppliers of SCP-9648, as all subjects have received them second-hand from an individual who was, in turn, given them by another.

Most users appear to have undergone minor personality shifts for the sake of attaining popularity or better "fitting in" with peers. Another major use was in alleviating gender dysphoria and other forms of bodily dysmorphia through shifting of personal values or outlook.

A notable exception is the case of Dakota Hughes, a 16-year-old female from [REDACTED], Louisiana, United States, who underwent a major personality and ideological shift utilizing the anomaly. She documented the entire process on her personal Twitter account and was detected on the third day, 19/08/2018. Upon reviewing her posts, it was evident she was in direct contact with one of the Oneiroi Collective's technicians. It was decided that, rather than intervening, it was best her account be hidden while Foundation operatives monitored her activities online and in her home in [REDACTED], in the hopes greater insights could be yielded.

Relevant posts have been attached here and have only been altered to remove hazardous materials.

shoutout ##BLUE|@CourtneyDorkney816## for hooking a sister up. took the first one just before i went to bed, like you suggested, put on some of my favorite tunes and woke up feeling pumped. dunno what's in these but they're great.

##BLUE|@CourtneyDorkney816## did you give your plug my number cause i just got a bunch of music files from these "collective" guys...

The account addressed in this post made no acknowledgment of the question. Subsequent investigation determined the owner, [REDACTED], called the subject 24 minutes after this. [REDACTED] has thus far been unable to provide an account of what was discussed between them.

just took the second dose. gallus told me to stay up longer with this one. said it was a good idea to write things down too, as it would "help the notions hold"

when i told him i wanted to be better at my schoolwork and was hoping to make myself more academic he sounded pretty happy. told me not a lot of people are so considerate of the future or highly thinking.

he's been talking me through videos of different animals. mostly birds. they're beautiful. he tells me of the curiosity of birds and the many intricacies to their songs. their ingenuity and problem solving abilities.

he tells me he tells me these things because the bhava makes my mind learn from association what to be. like how my parents used to whisper to me in the womb. most of it is subconscious, and its best i don't overthink it.

i hear a buzzing sound in my neck. like a cicada has crawled under my skin and is singing for love. i suppose it is one of those shackles of my old self, grinding down to dust.

rereading one of the books gallus left for me. he told me that reading about the kind of person i desire to be will align myself along the necessary axis. the words are bleeding around the pages as i go over them. i can't say what's in it, would be too much of a spoiler. you guys should check it out, should be at any book store he told me, its [DATA EXPUNGED] Review of copyright records has determined no such book has ever been published. The title itself has since been determined as being a minor cognitohazard which induces nightmares related to academia and ███████ █████ at the hands of teachers and administrative staff. 

Sixteen minutes after this post was made, the memetic trigger was identified by Foundation webcrawlers and preliminary observation began. An additional 32 posts of decreasing coherency were made in this period.

gallus called me and told me not to leave the house until we finished the treatment. says interacting with other people will cause them to imprint onto me. it would set me back. i guess its good, for once, dad is busy.

gallus brought me some more pills to try. said they were filled with flavored powder and that i should suckle on them a while. says that taste is one of the key senses that pierces the illusions of the physical, and connects directly to my inner self.

Bugs planted in the subject's home detected no vocal communication with the entity or individual referred to as "Gallus." The subject did, however, attempt to communicate her experience to her mother, who was heavily inebriated at the time and did not acknowledge her. Once the subject had fallen asleep, an agent was able to successfully enter the home undetected and search her room. None of the items given to her were present but several notebooks were found to have been filled with incomprehensible text and symbols depicting various animals later identified as minor cognitohazards.

Can you hear the screaming? Gallus taught me how to listen for it. No matter where I go in my house I can hear them, those who did not overcome physicality. Just screaming, screaming, screaming, screaming.

Two is the maxim of truth. The dichotomy of mind and binding. Four is the maxim of virtue. For four pillars exist that hold up our higher being. The synthesis is freedom and eight, two concept intertwined. Many concepts are intertwined, for one begets another on and on.

This is but a taste, I wish for more, but my skin squeals for me to cease.

Subject was observed as behaving manically during this period and did not eat for the duration of the 21st or 22nd. On the 22nd, the subject was observed stripping nude and resting in the fetal position in the north-east corner of her room. Bugs documented her mumbling to herself incomprehensibly while making multiple comments regarding an unclear force or entity making her uncomfortable. Her phone was continuously cycling through sensory videos saved to her photo library.

been rereading my posts over the last few days, can't remember everything happened. feel like i've been floaty all morning. all of gallus' books are gone and all the videos he apparently sent me were deleted from my phone.

pretty freaked out but have been breezing through my school work sooooo, idk

After an additional two days of observation, the subject and her mother were both detained so their home could be more thoroughly searched. 

The notebooks previously identified were presented to the subject and it was discovered she was unable to perceive their existence. Review of mobile device data was able to recover many of the videos sent to her and did confirm calls with an unknown number around the estimated times. The videos consisted of footage of various animals spliced with random audio of people speaking and music of unknown origin. These were entirely mundane with included speech unrelated to any subject matter of the videos. The number used by "Gallus" was traced to a corporate office of AT&T in [REDACTED] but thus far no employees at the location have been confirmed as responsible.

Six days after being brought into custody, Dakota Hughes slipped into a catatonic state. An operative of Mobile Task Force Omicron-Rho entered her subconscious only to find [DATA EXPUNGED] declared POI-9648-1 thereafter. Thus far, no other individuals who have undergone major personality shifts through use of SCP-9648 have suffered this outcome.

**Update 11/11/2018:** A group of four individuals were identified in Berlin, Germany as having likely overdosed on SCP-9648. According to eye witnesses they were behaving erratically and speaking irrationally towards people near them. Two were spotted assaulting civilians. Mobile Task Force operatives disguised as police were able to detain the subjects at which point they were moved to Site-██ for observation and holding. 

Questioning yielded no results as none of the subjects were responsive to personnel. One subject, designated SCP-9648-E-3, was recorded making the following statements in their holding cell.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> 

> I met a beautiful man, taught me parlor tricks and how to eat bugs without vomiting. They tasted of cotton candy, and reminded me of my grand parents. they used to serve us cotton candy on hot summer days. It was fun.

> 

> That taste. That taste. What is that taste? What is it based on? Berries? Aspiration? That one little flower out the corner of my eye? It is beautiful I must admit.

> 

> But if it was the flower would the source of this source be sourcable (sic) for more flavors? I near it, I feel it.

> 

> The root of all things. We try to reach it, but our philosophy is mired in the terms of our meat. The man said something like this to me. It went, *Gwc izm i niqtczm. Gwcz mow kwvacuma gwc ivl abzqxa gwc wn itt ozmibmz xwbmvbqit. Uig qb bczv qveizl mbmzvittg cvbqt vwbpqvo qa tmnb.* I heard a jingle.

> 

> It sounded like piano, my brother used to play piano  when he was in university. Was that here or in the states? What is a state? The state of a stated statement become statute over our statuses?

> 

> *(Subject laughs for 16 minutes)*

> 

> Shut up!

> 

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

The group was discovered to be cohabitating a home in [REDACTED] of Berlin. A subsequent raid discovered numerous items of drug paraphernalia and 24 empty boxes of SCP-9648. It is unknown at this time from where the group acquired these.

<< [SCP-9647](SCP-9647) | SCP-9648 | [SCP-9649](SCP-9649) >>

> **Filename:** LittleSprout.jpeg

> **Author:** Odilon Redon

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Notes:** Cropped to fit as pfp image, [link to public archive](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Odilon_Redon_-_Homage_to_Goya-_The_Marsh_Flower_and_a_Human_and_Sad_Head_-_1927.344.2_-_Cleveland_Museum_of_Art.jpg)
