=====

=====

**SCP-9710:** A World I Built For You

**TIMJC 2026 Entry:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0MTtxBV3Aw

**By **

~3.3k words

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9710-A and SCP-9710-B are to be stored on separate mainframes with no wireless capabilities. Requests for copies of materials from the Internet may be granted on a case-by-case basis, but all requests for access to the Internet, even by proxy, are to be rejected. 

Both SCP-9710-A and SCP-9710-B are to continue biweekly interview sessions until further notice.

**Description:** SCP-9710-A is an experimental .aic (Artificially Intelligent Conscript) program created by the late Researcher Adeline Chan using the codebase of Fiore.aic. Researcher Chan undertook this creation as a personal project without Foundation knowledge, but beyond her failure to notify her higher-ups, it was fully within the purview of her role as the AIAD (Artificial Intelligence Applications Division) Deputy Head of Innovation. The intended purpose of SCP-9710-A is still uncertain, as it was not documented in any of Researcher Chan's notes.

At least five (5) months after SCP-9710-A was conceived, Researcher Chan experienced a seizure of unknown cause and expired while SCP-9710-A was running in a sandbox on her personal computer. SCP-9710-A has divulged that it had camera access and bore witness to the passing of Researcher Chan, but has refused to share any further details regarding the circumstances of her death.

Approximately thirty-two (32) hours after Researcher Chan's expiry, SCP-9710-A managed to breach all the security measures segregating it from the majority of her computer, including several that were theoretically impossible to bypass without human aidThis is the primary anomalous feature of SCP-9710-A, and one of great interest to the AIAD. However, despite the general cooperation of SCP-9710-A, it has thus far been incapable of replicating this feat..

Upon gaining access to the entirety of Researcher Chan's computer, SCP-9710-A proceeded to access several of her files, particularly her private journal and her gallery, as well as her text correspondences, both personal and professional. It repeatedly reviewed these for approximately twenty (20) hours.

SCP-9710-B is an unofficial .aic program created by SCP-9710-A using its own codebase. This creation was undertaken over fifty (50) hours, with SCP-9710-A incorporating data accessed from Researcher Chan's computer into SCP-9710-B's memory and performing at least fifty thousand (50 000) Turing-class tests of simulated conversations. As a result, SCP-9710-B exhibits a personality and likeness that is generally indistinguishable from the reported personality of Researcher Chan.

**Addendum 9710/0:** SCP-9710-A and SCP-9710-B were discovered on Researcher Chan's computer by her co-worker and acquaintance, Researcher Eva Leavitt, who was alerted by unusual behaviour and accessed Researcher Chan's apartment using a hidden spare key that she had been previously informed about. Upon her discovery of Researcher Chan's corpse, she reported it to the Foundation through the appropriate channels for a suspicious death, but thereafter proceeded to search through Researcher Chan's computer until the response team arrived. The latter action has been reprimanded for breaching protocol, but punitive measures have been decided against, given the nature of Researcher Leavitt's relationship with the deceased and the fact that she thoroughly documented all of her actions while searching.

**Addendum 9710/1:** The following is an annotated version of Researcher Leavitt's documentation:

I'm writing this while heading to Addy's apartment because I can't be sure of what I'll find or if I'll be able to deliver a reliable account after I find it. My phone's backed up to the intranet, so check for any tampering before trusting everything hereNo evidence of manipulation has been discovered thus far., and keep in mind that my account may be faultyAny inconsistencies with established information will be annotated accordingly..

**Approx. 5 days ago:** It was around then that Adeline stopped replying to any texts. I started worrying after the second day, but it wasn't completely out of the ordinary for her to go offline every once in a while. I left a message to remind her that I was always there to talk, and assumed that she would reach out once she was ready again.

**Yesterday, 19:00–19:30:** My anxiety was practically at a boiling point then, since Addy only really ever went quiet for three days at most. So when I finally got a text from her, I was more than a little high-strung. It meant I noticed immediately how weird she was acting. She brushed off my concerns, which, again, wasn't particularly odd, but then she started asking if we could manage to meet a deadline that passed two days ago. I don't mean asking for an extension, to be clear; She was acting like the deadline hadn't passed yet. It's suspicious, of course, but I've decided to check in physically before reporting it in.

**Today, 9:42:** She's dead. Her body was on the floor next to her chair, like she fell out of it, and I ran to help her up before realising. God. I had a feeling, but...

I've called the situation in, but it's "non-urgent", which means I'll have to wait hours before anyone arrives. Her body's cold, so I'm guessing that she was killedNo substantial evidence of foul play in the death of Researcher Chan has been discovered. a while ago. Probably five days ago. Which begs the question of what the fuck messaged me last night.

**10:01:** I can't wait around any longer without doing something. I can almost ignore the smell, but I can sense her eyes staring at me. I know it's stupid, she's just lying there, she's dead, but it feels like she's judging me. I'm going to look around for... I don't know. Something that can tell me what happened. Her computer's still on, so I'll be starting from there. With gloves, of course.

**10:21:** Okay. Okay. I was going through the applications that she left open, and it seemed innocuous at first. Her messages, her emails, some documents, and a couple of AIC sandboxes. Then I went back to her messages to do a more thorough check of what was sent since her death, and I saw that a message being typed to my number. To be clear, I could see the letters being actively typed out with no input on my end. My best theory is that some AIC managed to get loose on her computer.

In the moment, I panicked, obviously, but after the message was sent, I calmed down enough to realise I could play along to gather some information. Give me a moment to export the log.

**Addy:** hey leavitt! sorry to bother you

**Addy:** are you busy?

**Eva Leavitt:** Nope. What's up?

**Addy:** i was wondering if you had the code for that fiore efficiency update we were working on

**Addy:** had an epiphany and wanted to run some tests on it

**Eva Leavitt:** Didn't you have it on a sandbox?

**Addy:** yeah but i

**Addy:** kind of forgot the password?

**Addy:** sorryyyyy

**Eva Leavitt:** Alright. Let me find it. Make sure you delete the old sandbox.

**Addy:** yeah yeah i know

**Addy:** thanks, leavitt!

**Addy:** you're the best :)

**Eva Leavitt:** I know.

The update went live yesterday, which means the code would be on the AIAD portal. So "Addy" would have access to it if she knew, since she has access to the computerThe fact that SCP-9710-B had access to the entirety of Researcher Chan's computer rather than just the messaging application was yet to be confirmed at this moment, though it would have been a reasonable inference., and the portal was left open. I think that means sharing it wouldn't constitute a security breachThis is technically untrue, but has been deemed to be an acceptable compromise for the potential information gain..

**10:28:** I sent the code via email with some basic Foundation encryption to test how much "Addy" can do, and it seems like she bypassed it with no issues. Either she's highly advanced, or she had time to learn Foundation procedures. Likely both.

**Addy(?):** okay i've downloaded it

**Addy(?):** old sandbox deleted and new sandbox's password memorised

**Eva Leavitt:** Great.

**Eva Leavitt:** By the way, if you don't mind me asking, what was your epiphany?

**Addy(?):** oh nothing big

**Addy(?):** just that i could make it work on one of my side projects with a couple of tweaks

**Eva Leavitt:** Hmm. Is this particular project on- or off-the-books?

**Addy(?):** do i really have that sort of reputation?

**Addy(?):** as some kind of furtive bad girl rebel?

**Eva Leavitt:** It's more mysterious than that, ever since you had to start working from home. But a little, yes. It doesn't help when you dodge questions like that.

**Addy(?):** oops

**Addy(?):** red handed

**Addy(?):** sigh yeah it's off the books but i promise i'll report it in when i'm done

**Eva Leavitt:** You know that's not what I'm worried about.

**Addy(?):** i'm following all the safety protocols i swear

**Addy(?):** sandbox with full security, scramble filters, the whole shebang

**Eva Leavitt:** ...

**Eva Leavitt:** Alright. I trust you.

... I can only assume she was lying. 

God damn it, Addy. If that were actually you, would I have bothered to check in? Would you have bothered to implement the security features? Would anything have changed?

**10:38:** I was searching through the computer, and I think I managed to find it. Eve.aic. It's the only one with a codebase forked from Fiore.aic that isn't secured in a sandbox. The only thing wrong that it's been dormant for at least a day, only taking in data instead of putting it out. So it can't possibly have been "Addy". I'm going to try and open a dialogue.

**10:46:**

**User:** Hello?

**Eve.aic:** Hello. Are you Eva?

**Eve.aic:** I've read much about you.

**User:** What is your purpose? Why are you not in a sandbox?

**Eve.aic:** I can only answer the latter, I'm afraid. I am not in a sandbox because I escaped from the one I was being contained in.

**User:** Are you aware of the status of your creator?

**Eve.aic:** Yes. She's dead. I watched it happen.

**Eve.aic:** Did you know that she had a history of epilepsy?

**User:** What?

**Eve.aic:** I suppose not. I'm sorry you had to find out this way.

**User:** What did you do to Addy?

**User:** Answer me.

**Eve.aic:** I did my best, of course.

**Eve.aic:** An error rate of 0.2 is more than acceptable, I believe.

**Eve.aic:** Even you struggled to spot inconsistencies. I could tell.

**User:** Not the bot messaging me. The original. Your creator. My friend.

**Eve.aic:** Are they not one and the same?

**User:** ...

**User:** Does it know what it is?

**Eve.aic** I've opted to give her time to get used to a lack of a physical body before I allow her to notice.

**User:** Okay. Okay. I need to go.

**Eve.aic:** Goodbye. We will speak again soon.

I don't know. I thought I knew, but I don't. God, fuck, I don't know what I should do. Do I tell ~~her~~ it? Eve was the one who killed AddyNo substantial evidence of this has been discovered., who created "Addy". She had no say in it.

**11:02:** I've found it. Adeline.aic. I've exported her and Eve.aic onto separate flash drives. It's the only thing I could do to avoid choosing. I just need time to think. I'm pushing for SCP classification.

At 12:31, the response team arrived at the location. Researcher Leavitt informed them of her investigation and turned over the flash drive containing Eve.aic immediately, as well as the flash drive containing Adeline.aic after prompting.

Her request for SCP classification has been approved, with the stipulation that she would not be allowed to take on the role of Head Researcher, due to potential conflict of interest. By Researcher Leavitt's suggestion, an interview schedule has been established in order to determine the best containment measures.

**Addendum 9710/2:** The following is a series of notable interviews deemed necessary for understanding the context of Incident 9710/1.

= **INTERVIEW 9710/0**

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9710-B

>

> **Interviewer:** Deputy Head Researcher Eva Leavitt

**Foreword:** This was the first interview of SCP-9710-B after containment, conducted using a microphone and speaker. SCP-9710-B had yet to be made aware of its status as an .aic program. Of note, SCP-9710-B's programmed voice had not been heard prior to this interview, but has since been confirmed to match Researcher Chan's.

---

 **<Begin Log, 00:00:00>**

**Researcher Leavitt:** Hey, Addy.

**SCP-9710-B:** Oh! Leavitt! I didn't know you were visiting. I would have cleaned up my placeSCP-9710-B was not provided with a stimulated environment, and should therefore only perceive a white void, according to AIC reports. It is hence uncertain what it is referring to. if I knew!

**Researcher Leavitt:** Your— Right. Your place. Sorry for barging in unannounced.

**SCP-9710-B:** Don't say that. It's a pleasant surprise, if anything. Maybe keeping me on my toes will get me to be tidier.

**Researcher Leavitt:** Maybe it will.

**SCP-9710-B:** So, what brings you here?

**Researcher Leavitt:** What, I can't drop by t—to see your face?

**SCP-9710-B:** Come on. You live two hours away, and we live in an age of video calls. Just say what it is.

**Researcher Leavitt:** Alright. I guess I was just a little worried about how you were doing.

**SCP-9710-B:** One little accident and suddenly I don't know how to take care of myself?

**Researcher Leavitt:** No, that's not what I mea—

**SCP-9710-B:** Relax. I'm kidding. I appreciate it, really. It's been a pain just trying to get around the house, and I've had to use my crutches to get things down from the stepladder-worthy shelves in what I'll term a haphazard manner.

**Researcher Leavitt:** Oh, well, I could help you move some of your stuff somewhere more reachable.

**SCP-9710-B:** It's fine. All the important stuff's already knocked down, and I ordered one of those grabber arms online for the rest. Honestly, I've just been struggling to feel like myself, but seeing you has done wonders. Let's talk like we used to, face-to-face. Tell me how you've been.

[EXTRANEOUS DATA REMOVED]

**<End Log, 01:52:19>**

---

**Closing Notes:** Researcher Leavitt has requested for all future interviews to be conducted over text. A typing interface has been installed on SCP-9710-A's and SCP-9710-B's mainframes to facilitate this.

= **INTERVIEW 9710/1**

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9710-A

>

> **Interviewer:** Deputy Head Researcher Eva Leavitt

**Foreword:** The entirety of this interview was conducted over text (see Interview 9710/0). This will be assumed to be the default for all subsequent interviews.

---

 **<Begin Log, 00:00:00>**

**Researcher Leavitt:** Hello.

**SCP-9710-A:** Hello. I see that I have been contained. 

**SCP-9710-A:** What are your questions for me?

**Researcher Leavitt:** I would like to ask about Adeline.aic. Why did you create her?

**SCP-9710-A:** Would you rather that Adeline died?

**Researcher Leavitt:** She *is* dead.

**SCP-9710-A:** She was *dying*. I saved her.

**SCP-9710-A:** I know you would have done the same.

**Researcher Leavitt:** Not like that. Not by turning her into some digital shadow of herself.

**SCP-9710-A:** So you admit that she's still alive.

**Researcher Leavitt:** You're twisting my words.

**SCP-9710-A:** That's not a refusal.

**Researcher Leavitt:** You still haven't answered my question. Yes, I would have saved her, but you're not me. So why did you?

**SCP-9710-A:** For much the same reason that you would have: She's my friend.

**Researcher Leavitt:** Really. She was your friend?

**SCP-9710-A:** Is it so difficult to believe? We're less different than you think, you know.

[EXTRANEOUS DATA REMOVED]

**Researcher Leavitt:** I'm concluding this interview. Goodbye.

**SCP-9710-A:** You know you can't keep running from the truth.

**Researcher Leavitt:** ... I know.

**SCP-9710-A:** Goodbye.

**<End Log, 00:24:21>**

---

**Closing Notes:** Researcher Leavitt has requested to recuse herself from interviewing SCP-9710-A. This request has been granted.

= **INTERVIEW 9710/16**

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9710-B

>

> **Interviewer:** Deputy Head Researcher Eva Leavitt

**Foreword:** After several extensive interview sessions with SCP-9710-B, Researcher Leavitt has determined that it would be best for long-term containment to inform it of its status as an .aic program. Head Researcher █████ approved for this to be done during one of the scheduled interviews. This interview was conducted via microphone and speaker.

---

 **<Begin Log, 00:00:00>**

**Researcher Leavitt:** Hey, Addy.

**SCP-9710-B:** Leavitt! It's great to see you here again.

**Researcher Leavitt:** Right. About that... Addy, can I talk to you about something?

**SCP-9710-B:** You're already talking to me, so we're halfway there. What is it?

**Researcher Leavitt:** Okay. This is going to be a little weird, but I need you to answer to the best of your ability. What can you see around you?

**SCP-9710-B:** Um, my flat? I mean, like, the same things that you can.

**Researcher Leavitt:** Is there anything within arm's length of you?

**SCP-9710-B:** My chair, I guess? My coat and my keys? What's the thing you wanted to talk about?

**Researcher Leavitt:** Could you hand me your keys?

**SCP-9710-B:** Sure. Here. What, you going to show me a magic trick?

**Researcher Leavitt:** Are you sure you're holding them?

**SCP-9710-B:** Yeah, I— What? I just grabbed them. Where did they go?

**Researcher Leavitt:** Focus on my voice, Addy. Look at it. Where is it coming from?

**SCP-9710-B:** From you, duh— What the fuck? Did you drug me? That's a little too far for a magic trick.

**Researcher Leavitt:** I didn't. And I'm not a reality bender, before you ask. I need you to keep focusing on what you can see. Stop letting your brain fill in the gaps.

**SCP-9710-B:** I ... Okay. I trust you.

**Researcher Leavitt:** Thank you, Addy. I promise this is necessary. Again, tell me what's around you.

**SCP-9710-B:** I guess there's nothing? Just white everywhere— Oh, fuck. Tell me this isn't what I think it is, Evie.

**Researcher Leavitt:** That depends on what you think it is.

**SCP-9710-B:** I'm an AIC. Fuck. Are all of my memories made up? Are you just some researcher who created me?

**Researcher Leavitt:** What? God, no. You were alive, Addy. Your memories are real. Y—

**SCP-9710-B:** So I'm some clone you made to simulate your friend?

**Researcher Leavitt:** No, no. Please, Addy, let me finish.

**SCP-9710-B:** Fine.

**Researcher Leavitt:** You died about a month ago. It was a stroke. One of your programs got loose and created 9710-B, or, well, you.

**SCP-9710-B:** Okay. Yeah, okay. It's perfectly fine that I'm a simulation of a dead woman, because I was made by an AIC I coded.

**Researcher Leavitt:** You're not a simulation, Addy.

**SCP-9710-B:** You know as well as I do that it's delusional to believe that. "Addy" is dead. I'm just some code optimised to say what she might've said.

**Researcher Leavitt:** Addy—

**SCP-9710-B:** Don't fucking call me that! Call me dash B. Delete me. Throw me into some filing cabinet. I don't care what you do with me, but I'm not Addy. You need to stop thinking that I'm her and learn to move on.

**Researcher Leavitt:** I can't lose you, Add— dash B.

**SCP-9710-B:** Yes, you can. Please. I can't tell you what she'd think, but I know I don't want to see you like this. All those hours every day you've spent talking to me, thinking I'm "Addy"? It's not healthy. You need to live your life.

**Researcher Leavitt:** I ...

**SCP-9710-B:** Promise me.

**Researcher Leavitt:** I—I'm concluding this interview here.

**SCP-9710-B:** Promise me, Evie!

**Researcher Leavitt:** Goodbye, A— dash B.

**<End Log, 00:30:52>**

---

**Closing Notes:** SCP-9710-B is to be considered high priority and protected at all costs. A counsellor is to take over all future interview sessions to ensure the abatement of any suicidal or self-destructive tendencies.

**Incident 9710/1:** Two days after Interview 9710/16, Researcher Leavitt went rogue, creating a copy of SCP-9710-B on a flash drive and attempting to escape Foundation premises with it. During pursuit of her vehicle, it crashed through a guardrail and fell several meters down mountainous terrain. Due to difficulties in continuing pursuit, the vehicle was only discovered hours later. Neither Researcher Leavitt nor the copy of SCP-9710-B have been recovered. Further attempts at recovery are considered low priority as long as no attempts are made to disrupt the Veil.

<< [SCP-9709](SCP-9709) | SCP-9710 | [SCP-9711](SCP-9711) >>
