=====

=====

SCP-9117: Grief Is A Language That Defies Words by 

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Geologica:wght,CRSV@100..900,0&display=swap');

.authorlink-wrapper,

.authorlink-wrapper + div {

  margin-right: 0 !important; /* needed to override inline styles */

}

/* ~~ PAGE COLORS and FONTS ~~ */

:root {

  --accentColor: 222, 188, 84;

  --title-font: "Geologica", "Josefin Sans", sans-serif;

}

#html-body {

  background-color: #090d14;

  background-image: linear-gradient(#111e3d 0px, #111e3d00 640px);

}

/* ~~ ELEMENTS ~~ */

.authorlink-wrapper,

.authorlink-wrapper + div {

  margin-right: 0 !important; /* needed to override inline styles */

}

/* ~~ PAGE DIVS ~~ */

.darkbox {

  padding: 1em;

}

.scpemail {

  border: solid 2px #000000;

  width: 88%;

  padding: 1px 15px;

  margin: auto;

  box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5);

  background-color: #ddd;

  color: black;

  font-family: "Helvetica";

}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {

  font-weight: bold;

}

.scptofrom {

  margin-left: 10px;

  margin-top: 5px;

  padding: 1px 15px;

  border-left: solid 3px royalblue;

}

.scptofrom2 {

  margin-left: 10px;

  margin-top: 5px;

  padding: 1px 15px;

  border-left: solid 3px #f26c0c;

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9117 is to be stored in a standard anomalous containment locker at [Site-90](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/site90-dossier), with no less than two live camera feeds active at all times. All testing is to be performed while accompanied by at least one on-site psychologist for the purposes of mitigating SCP-9117’s effects.

**Description:** SCP-9117 is a small ceramic teapot with various engravings upon its surface. When static, these engravings resemble 15th century Arabic calligraphy, although the characters do not correspond to any known modern or extinct language. The teapot is worn, and has several cracks around its rim which prevents a lid from being placed on it.

Upon direct visual contact with a sapient being, SCP-9117’s surface will begin to warp. Ceramic will shift and rearrange itself into coherent Urdu characters, wrapping around the entirety of the object in a visually striking manner. When this process is complete, the viewer will experience feelings of nostalgia, melancholy, heartbreak, and desolation, often to physically debilitating degrees. At this stage, SCP-9117’s surface will read either یہ ناانصافی ہے ‎ “It isn’t fair.” or مجھے آپ کی ہنسی بہت یاد اتی ہے ‎”I miss your laughter a lot.” before a black liquid begins to flood the base and overflow from the spout, evaporating instantly on contact with air. If this liquid is touched, it will burn the skin, similar to sulfuric acid.

Once SCP-9117 activates, it will complete its cycle regardless of whether eye contact is maintained by the subject. This cycle takes approximately three minutes. The emotional distress SCP-9117 induces will not subside without some form of professional counseling.

**Discovery:** SCP-9117 was recovered during a raid on a suspected GoI-012Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd., an anomalous goods and services broker. safe house in Karachi, Pakistan, where several contractors of PoI-012-06Robert Shahid Carter, an executive of GoI-012. were thought to be involved in a large-scale anomaly trafficking ring. Instead, the safe house contained dozens of anart installations and damaged Mughal artifacts slated for museum display, mostly within various South Asian communities. These artifacts were a collection that once belonged to Shah Jahan,Fifth emperor of the Mughal Empire whose reign is considered to mark the pinnacle of Mughal cultural achievements. depicting the devotion he had towards his dead wife Mumtaz Mahal.

**Addendum.9117.01:** On 08/07/2025, SCP-9117’s surface morphed into a previously unseen form. As its cycle completed, it displayed the following text unaltered across itself before returning to an inert state.

*To Dad, علی ‎Urdu — Ali—*

*From R.*

I know this poem is in English

But trying to write

In anything else 

feels like beauty wasted, haunted

Each letter curling in on 

Graveyards, morgues

The crashed car 

Where they took your body out and told me

Eight years old, in an empty house

“He felt no pain”.

“He was so noble”—

Urdu, mother tongue

Arabic, formally taught

I feel a knot in my stomach reading

Those winding letters on papers I

Have thrown out of my reach

Aping swans, peacocks, songbirds above

Each stroke a wing stretching far into

The sunsets I can’t share with you

The meals I can’t eat with you

The time we’ll never have—

You raised me well, better than most

But I wonder

If I can really be called your son

When I can no longer read your name 

Without weeping.

<< [SCP-9116](SCP-9116) | SCP-9117 | [SCP-9118](SCP-9118) >>
