=====

=====

**SCP-9401:** The iForgot by Apple Incorporated by 

.anom-bar-container {

    margin-bottom: 1rem;

}

.item {

    display: none;

{

#page-content .wiki-content-table tr th {

    border: none;

    background-color: transparent;

 

    // set border for table title

}

 

#page-content .wiki-content-table tr td {

    border: 1px dashed grey;

 

    // set border for table content

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** Production of SCP-9401 has been discontinued. The Foundation is currently working with the Apple Corporation (GOI-2805) to recall all remaining instances of SCP-9401 under Cover Story 14PO (Excessive HEV Light Emissions). Retrieved SCP-9401 instances are to be shipped to and recycled at Sunkeshartenskisson's Circuitry and ProcessingFoundation-controlled electronic waste recycling facility located in Spongdal, Norway., with a select few kept for testing.   

In order to prevent accidental usage of an SCP-9401 instance, the Foundation advises that all current and former personnel utilize Samsung-brand smartphones in lieu of Apple-manufactured models. A comprehensive document outlining the numerous advantages of Samsung smartphones over Apple smartphones is available to all personnel upon request.

**Description:** SCP-9401 is the collective designation of approximately 2 million Apple iPhone units According to factory automated production reports from 2022 to 2025. of varying models that were distributed commercially within the United States of America from a series of Apple factories that had been anomalously altered by an unknown source, labelled internally as the “iForgot.” As of 2/10/2025, a total amount of 1,590,012 SCP-9401 instances have been recovered through combined efforts from the Foundation and the Apple Corporation, with an estimated 420,000 instances still distributed among the general American public.

Anomalous properties of SCP-9401 instances manifest exclusively following prolonged usage, resulting in users exhibiting episodes of anterograde amnesia and temporary memory impairment. The nature of the amnestic effects observed varies in both intensity and duration, and seems to be heavily dependent on the user's activity on said SCP-9401 instance, with memory loss typically manifesting in domains thematically related to the subject’s activity during the period of exposure. It is noted that the user will eventually recover from the amnesia without permanent mental damage, regardless of its severity.

Numerous claims from the Apple Corporation that instances of SCP-9401 possess the anomalous ability to “subconsciously sway people into buying Samsung products” have been deemed unfounded and dismissed.

**Incident Log:** The following is a sample list of confirmed incidents attributed to the amnestic effects observed in users of SCP-9401 instances, with a significant proportion of verified incidents involving Foundation personnel.

---

**TR4-V15**

**Model:** iPhone 14

**Activity:** Searching for local restaurants on Google Maps

**Duration:** 20 minutes

 

**Result:** Subject was unable to remember what he had eaten for the past 3 days. Subject remembers going to restaurants and cooking homemade food, but could not recall what exactly the food was nor if he had actually eaten anything.

---

**T4X-PA9**

**Model:** iPhone 15

**Activity:** Browsing on Amazon

**Duration:** 50 minutes

 

**Result:** Subject was unable to remember any purchases she had made for the past week.

**Notes:** Subject also claimed to be unable to remember her credit card information, but this was proven false and caused by basic human forgetfulness after the true amnesiac effects of SCP-9401 wore off 5 hours later.

---

**B3R-B0L**

**Model:** iPhone 14 Pro

**Activity:** Playing Angry Birds

**Duration:** 1 hour

 

**Result:** Subject lost all memories of birds being able to fly.

**Notes:** Subject spent the next hour throughly confused and staring at the flock of pigeons in the Site-██ parking lot.

---

**6RA-R5H**

**Model:** iPhone 14 Pro 

**Activity:** Messaging through Discord

**Duration:** 1.5 hours

 

**Result:** Subject was unable to recall the last time she had ever gone outside. Subject did not express any increased desire to go outside, and remained indoors for the rest of the day.

---

**5CR-O7L**

**Model:** iPhone 16

**Activity:** Scrolling through TikTok

**Duration:** 2 hours

 

**Result:** Subject forgot the contents of every single video that they had watched during the 2 hour period.

**Notes:** This form of amnesia is theorised to not only be caused by instances of SCP-9401, but also by short form videos as a whole. Further research on this effect is ongoing.

---

**DR8-W1N**

**Model:** iPhone 13 Pro Max

**Activity:** Typing down personal thoughts on the Notes App

**Duration:** 30 minutes

 

**Result:** Subject forgot how to wield a pencil, pen or marker properly. Notably, Subject found no difficulty in wielding other forms of stationery.

**Notes:** Subject was attempting to complete urgent paperwork when the amnesiac effects occured. All documents signed in red crayon by Senior Researcher ██████ █████████ are to be considered as valid.

---

**SH0-T3D**

**Model:** iPhone 16 Plus

**Activity:** Playing Call of Duty: Mobile

**Duration:** 2 hours

 

**Result:** Subject had forgotten that video games were fictional, and played the following rounds under the assumption that he was killing real human beings through his phone.

**Notes:** Subject continued to play the game as per normal, assuming that he was “killing bad guys” and “saving the world”. His accuracy also increased by 150% before the amnesiac effects wore off after 2 hours.

---

**A5H-3PY**

**Model:** iPhone 16 Pro Max

**Activity:** Searching for specific articles on PocketFoundationThe smartphone application version of the Foundation database, notorious for having numerous software issues and glitches. 

**Duration:** 4 hours

 

**Result:** Subject lost all memories of his experience with the anomalous, and assumed that the Foundation database was just “a really elaborate series of monster stories.”

**Notes:** Subject then spent the next 2 hours attempting to create an SCP article regarding his own idea of a fictional monster, wanting to “add to the pile”, but gave up after the editing software for PocketFoundation crashed for the second time.

---

**5TU-P1T**

**Model:** iPhone 16e 

**Activity:** Asking ChatGPT to write up a work-related report

**Duration:** 40 minutes

 

**Result:** Subject forgot how to perform basic critical thinking.

**Notes:** The Foundation is currently investigating numerous personnel for exhibiting this behaviour while on site. 

---

**WA7-K1N**

**Model:** iPhone 13 mini

**Activity:** Booking a taxi on Grab

**Duration:** 15 minutes

 

**Result:** Subject forgot about the existence of all modern forms of transportation, and assumed all automobiles she saw were art pieces from a new fashion trend.

**Notes:** Subject arrived 5 hours late to a scheduled meeting in Site-██, having ran on foot for 8 miles from her private domicile. The amnesiac effects of SCP-9401 had worn out 4 hours into the hike, but Subject elected to continue the rest of her journey on foot.

---

**SU6-6AR**

**Model:** iPhone 15 Plus

**Activity:** Playing Candy Crush Saga

**Duration:** 3 hours

 

**Result:** Subject was unable to recall the disadvantages of consuming sweets. Subject proceeded to consume approximately 40 chocolates, 20 candy packs, 7 lollipops, 3 tubs of ice cream and an entire strawberry cake that had been made for a birthday party later that day. 

**Notes:** Subject had gained 0.8 kilograms in the span of a hour before the amnesiac effects wore off.

---

**OO0-00H**

**Model:** iPhone 20 SupermaxAn enhanced version of the unreleased iPhone 20 Pro Max, only distributed to a select few individuals of power.  

**Activity:** Watching **[INFORMATION REDACTED]**

**Duration:** 10 hours

 

**Result:** Subject struggled to recall the faces of important individuals in their life, including their family and friends, but was able to describe the face of famous Ukrainian porn actor ███████████ █████████████ in intricate detail.

**Notes:** 25 minutes after this incident was logged, an O5 Council proposal was instated by O5-12.

= **O5 COUNCIL PROPOSAL SUMMARY**

PROPOSAL:

@@     @@Change the clearance level of SCP-9401 from Level 2 [Restricted] to Level 6 [Cosmic Top Secret].

REASON:

@@     @@(No reason was provided by O5-12 regarding this proposal.)

= COUNCIL VOTE SUMMARY:

| YEA | NAY | ABSTAIN |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | O5-1 |  |
|  | O5-2 |  |
|  | O5-3 |  |
|  | O5-4 |  |
|  | O5-5 |  |
|  | O5-6 |  |
|  | O5-7 |  |
|  | O5-8 |  |
|  | O5-9 |  |
|  | O5-10 |  |
|  | O5-11 |  |
| O5-12 |  |  |
|  | O5-13 |  |
@@ @@

| STATUS |
| --- |
| ##780000|DENIED## |
NOTES:

@@     @@"Well done, O5-12. Bravo." - O5-7

---

For a complete list of SCP-9401 related incidents, refer to **Document 9401-IL**.

<< [SCP-9400](SCP-9400) | SCP-9401 | [SCP-9402](SCP-9402) >>

[!~~ A/B testing whether rate module at the bottom of the page actually affects anything - see https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/forum/t-17022412/should-your-article-have-a-2nd-rating-module ~~]

/* Only show the A/B test subject when the A/B test is active */

:not(.ab-test--active) + .ab-test-subject { display: none; }

.bottom-rating-module {

  display: flex;

  flex-direction: column;

  align-items: center;

  margin-block: 1rem;

}

.bottom-rating-module .page-rate-widget-box {

  margin: 0;

}

"]]

> **Filename:** UNCLE BUNCLE?! 

> **Author:** 

> **Source Link:** [[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](http://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/thetravllr-forgor/UNCLE%20BUNCLE%3F%21])]
