**The Animals In The Pit** by 

---

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains mentions of suicide and cannibalism. Word count = 4.6k, ~25 minute reading time

=====

=====

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Each year, on April 24th, operatives of MTF Pi-1 ("City Slickers") are to be deployed to the most likely sites of SCP-9048 manifestationList generated using the Cornelian Algorithm. Agents are to regularly survey their assigned locale until the Banksworth Theatre has been identified. Once located, MTF Pi-1 is to establish a checkpoint in front of the entrance. Agents posing as security will be provided with an updated list of known SCP-9048-2 instances. 

Should any individual whose name is absent from the list attempt to enter the Banksworth Theatre, agents are to politely turn them away. However, If they refuse to be deterred and begin to exhibit aggressive behaviors, agents are to permit entry and update the SCP-9048-2 list with the new instance's name.

Once the performance has begun, agents are to barricade the entrance of the theatre and immediately vacate the area.

<details>
<summary>-AMENDMENT - LEVEL 5 IDENTIFICATION REQUIRED:</summary>

> **Amendment Request Approved by Ethics Committee - 1/24/2000**

> A list of acceptable candidates for conversion to SCP-9048-2 instances is to be constantly updated in preparation for manifestation of the anomaly. Should the existing SCP-9048-2 population prove insufficient to build an audience for SCP-9048-1, these candidates are to be supplied to SCP-9048-1. Foundation members of Level 5 clearance or higher may suggest individuals to be presented for approval by the Ethics Committee to be further added to the candidates list.

> 

> Additionally, a Foundation operative should always be assigned to observe the annual Ouroboros Event. This operative is to undergo regular psychological evaluations, and is to be terminated should they prove incapable of adequately continuing their work. Under no circumstances may the operative carry any form of weaponry into SCP-9048-1.

</details>

**Description:** SCP-9048 is the collective designation for SCP-9048-1, “The Banksworth Theatre”, and SCP-9048-2 instances, individuals who have previously been exposed to a performance within SCP-9048-1. Every year, within one week of May 1st, SCP-9048-1 will manifest and draw in an audience to watch the upcoming performance. This occurrence has been designated as the "Ouroboros Event". 

Through interviews of SCP-9048-2 instances, it has been determined that the Ouroboros Event consists of a play adaptation of the Russian fairytale *The Animals in the Pit*, following the version written by Alexander Nikolaevich Afanasyev. A transcript of the Ouroboros Event along with Incident 99-X can be found in Document 99-X-THE_ANIMALS_IN_THE_PIT.

SCP-9048-2 instances have been noted to suffer from symptoms of severe depression and PTSD following exposure to the Ouroboros Event. Self harming behaviors and suicide are common within the SCP-9048-2 population, and are noted as the most common reason for instances to be unable to return to SCP-9048-1. The Foundation has made multiple attempts to prevent the initiation of the Ouroboros Event. These efforts have invariably resulted in failure, often serving only to exacerbate the harm caused by SCP-9048. Relevant experiments can be found in Document 09-B-EXPERIMENTATION_RECORDS.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 9048.1:** Manifestation Records

The Foundation first identified SCP-9048 in 1916. Recovered sources, however, point towards SCP-9048 manifestations occurring as early as 1886. Since discovering SCP-9048, the Foundation has maintained annual records of manifestations, tracking the dates of manifestations, the sites of manifestations, identities of attendants, the size of the audiences, and the percentage of each audience returning from the previous year.

Below is an abridged list referencing SCP-9048’s most notable manifestations.

| SCP-9048 MANIFESTATION LOG |
| --- |
| DATE |  | MANIFESTATION SITE |  | ATTENDANCE |  | RATE OF RETURN |
| 1/5/1919 |  | London, England |  | 156 |  | 85% |
| 2/5/1920 |  | London, England |  | 135 |  | 87% |
| 3/5/1928 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 173 |  | 85% |
| 4/5/1929 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 296 |  | 79% |
| 2/5/1930 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 343 |  | 3% The 1930 record has only been broken by Incident 99-X |
| 2/5/1933 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 403 |  | 56% |
| 1/5/1937 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 342 |  | 62% |
| 30/4/1938 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 323 | 67% |
| 1/5/1939 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 376 |  | 52% |
| 1/5/1945 |  | Chicago, IL, USA | 117 |  | 45% |
| 29/4/1950 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 87 |  | 89% |
| 1/5/1952 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 79 |  | 92%Only recorded year with a return rate over 90% |
| 1/5/1953 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 115 |  | 85% |
| 2/5/1960 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 125 |  | 84% |
| 1/5/1961 |  | Tokyo, Japan |  | 131 |  | 89% |
| 1/5/1970 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 135 |  | 82% |
| 3/5/1973 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 193 |  | 78% |
| 2/5/1985 |  | Tokyo, Japan |  | 168 |  | 76% |
| 1/5/1990 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 192 |  | 77% |
| 1/5/2000 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 199 |  | 0%Impact of Incident 99-X |
| 5/5/2001 |  | London, England |  | 215 |  | 77% |
| 2/5/2002 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 198 |  | 56% |
| 1/5/2008 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 235 |  | 74% |
| 30/4/2009 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 230 |  | 67% |
| 2/5/2010 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 226 |  | 78% |
| 4/5/2020 |  | Los Angeles, CA, USA |  | 265 |  | 68% |
| 3/5/2025 |  | New York City, NY, USA |  | 313 |  | 54% |
@@ @@

---

**Supplemental Documentation**

---

> P.g. 1

> 

> **Document-09-B-EXPERIMENTATION_RECORDS**

> 

> Historically, little attention has been paid to SCP-9048 due to its minimal impact on normalcySCP-9048-2 instances naturally tend to suppress memories of their experiences, and project leads have typically been content with simply monitoring SCP-9048's activity. In 1980, however, Dr. ████████ was promoted to Head Researcher on the SCP-9048 project. Following his promotion, funding for experimentation on SCP-9048 was significantly increased. The following are some of the experiments carried out under his purview.

> 

> **Date: 3/5/1988**

> **Experiment 3u-C:** MTF Pi-1 directed to arrest and relocate all bystanders and SCP-9048-2 instances attempting to enter the Banksworth Theatre.

> **Result:** 238 individuals were taken into Foundation custody under the orders of Head Researcher ████████ before the experiment was deemed to be a failure. Bystanders became unnaturally aggressive towards the end of the experiment, resulting in the deaths of 10 civilians and 1 Foundation operative.

> **Additional Notes:** Subsequent amnesticization of SCP-9048-2 instances successfully eliminated their memories of the Ouroboros Event. However, associated exposure symptoms remained. Furthermore, instances were still drawn to the following year's SCP-9048 manifestation, rendering amnestics ineffectual as a means of containing SCP-9048.

> 

> **Date: 4/5/1995**

> **Experiment 4r-V:** MTF Pi-1 directed to randomly select  SCP-9048-2 instances attempting to enter the Banksworth Theatre for euthanization.

> **Result:** MTF euthanized 12 individuals before the assigned Ethics Committee Liaison ordered Head Researcher ████████ to end testing on account of unnaturally elevated aggression and desperation to enter SCP-9048-1 among the growing number of SCP-9048-2 instances.

> **Additional Notes:** Following euthanization of the PR Manager of  Hammerstead and Hammerstead's LLC, the Vice President of the private equity firm Billmore's Inc., who had previously been present as a passive bystander, was noted to immediately enter an agitated state and force his way into SCP-9048-1. This observation supported an emerging theory that SCP-9048's compulsory effect specifically targeted bystanders of certain desired backgrounds, or "archetypes", within the surrounding population.

> 

> **Date: 1/5/1996**

> **Experiment 6v-Z:** MTF Pi-1 directed to allow all bystanders access to SCP-9048-1, and only record the identities of those entering. MTF Pi-1 was then instructed to place C-4 within the entryway of the Banksworth Theatre, and to trigger the explosive once outside of its blast radius.

> **Result:** Detonation was successful, and the theatre was effectively leveled. However, SCP-9048-2 instances who survived the explosion, along with previously unaffected bystanders, were soon observed constructing a rudimentary proscenium from the rubble. Upon completion, the Ouroboros Event was successfully initiated, and all bystanders, including several MTF Pi-1 agents, were converted into SCP-9048-2 instances. Resulted in one of the largest Ouroboros Events to date.

> **Additional Notes:** Following this severe failure of containment, Head Researcher ████████ was removed from his post, and MTF Pi-1 was reorganized. Attached below is the memorandum announcing his termination.

> 

> **Attachment**

>> **To All SCP-9048 Personnel**

>> 

>> Due to continued failures of SCP-9048 leadership to fulfill its role in maintaining normalcy, Head Researcher ████████ has been terminated. In his place, Dr. Starmer has been promoted to Head Researcher on the SCP-9048 project. 

>> 

>> Additionally, all future experiments with SCP-9048 must receive direct approval from the Ethics Committee.

>> 

>> - The Ethics Committee, 1987

> P.g. 2

> 

> The following experiments were carried out after Dr. Starmer took over as Head Researcher for the SCP-9048 project.

> 

> **Date: 4/9/1997**

> **Experiment 6w-A:** A review of the social composition of SCP-9048 audiences.

> **Result:** Identified SCP-9048's behavior of building its audience around certain social archetypes. Audiences could be subdivided into "Corporate"Wealthy individuals, usually business and land owners "Worker"Urban and rural laborers "Enforcer"Police, soldiers, and body guards and "Impoverished"Homeless and disabled individuals. Across manifestations, the ratio of each archetype can be seen to follow certain quantifiable trends, with the "Worker" and "Impoverished" archetypes making up the vast majority of audiences while the "Corporate" archetype remains by far the smallest.

> **Additional Notes:**

> 

> **Attachment**

>> **An email from Dr. Cornelius to Head Researcher Starmer following the success of Experiment 6w-A**

>> 

>> To Head Researcher Starmer,

>> 

>>      Harrold, buddy, this is fucking fantastic! All that time the idiot spent trying to blow the damn thing up, and the answer to **controlling it** was right there all along?? Did you see my note about amending the containment procedures? If you're right about these 'archetypes', we really don't need to be spending as much as we are on building cover stories when some flashy prick gets sucked up by the thing. Just throw a few forgettables in there to keep the thing fed, and boom everyone's happy. Who knows, maybe we could even turn that dingy old theatre into an asset.

>> 

>> - Dr. Cornelius, SCP-9048 Researcher

> 

> **Date: 2/5/1998**

> **Experiment 6w-B:** Send a D-Class to report back about the interior of SCP-9048-1 and the Ouroboros Event

> **Result:** D-Class does not return from SCP-9048-1.

> **Additional Notes:** Further investigation found that, regardless of audience size or return rate, 5 audience members invariably fail to emerge following the Ouroboros Event. Following this experiment, 6 D-Class were sent into SCP-9048-1, 4 of whom successfully returned.

> 

> The statement taken from D-19285, along with statements from several other interviewed SCP-9048-2 instances, can be found in Document 09-C-INTERVIEW_LOGS.

> 

**Document 09-C-INTERVIEW_LOGS**

---

> **Interviewed:** D-19285, SCP-9048-2

> **Position:** D-Class (Former)

> **Date:** 2/5/1998

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Cornelius

> ~~-~~--

> *Begin Log*

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Okay, we're rolling. How are you feeling, D-19285?

> 

> *SCP-9048-2 groans loudly*

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Shall I mark that down as "thrumming with gratitude for those who clothe and house me"? 

> 

> *Silence*

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Hmm. Well, anyway, you were ordered to-

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** All so hungry...

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Ah, so it does speak! And to complain about the food, how typical of you lot. (*He clears his throat*) As you know, you were sent into SCP-9048-1 to give us some idea of whatever the hell is going on in there that's leaving all you WITNESS instances so, well...

> 

> *SCP-9048-2 begins muttering more loudly to himself*

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** They're... they're going to, oh no. No!

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Well, like this.

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** *Momentarily becoming more lucid* You... you! You! You! You! All-- (*coughing violently*) All so, so hungry!

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** I actually had a lovely lunch just before I got here, thank you very much.

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** We are all so hungry. *I am so hungry*! I have to g-go! Go! Go back to, I need to... oh so hungry!

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** (*Sighs*) Okay, this one's clearly broken. I think we need some subjects who aren't quite as... fresh. And unfortunately, D-19285, I'm afraid we absolutely cannot just let Foundation property leave to go have a 'night on the town'.

> 

> (*SCP-9048-2 becomes increasingly agitated as Dr. Cornelius stands from the table*)

> 

> *A bang is heard as SCP-9048-2 falls to the floor in a pool of blood. Dr. Cornelius leaves the interview box.*

> 

> **Note:** Following this interview, an anonymous complaint was filed against Dr. Cornelius, accusing him of violating standard interview decorum. Complaint was summarily dismissed by the Ethics Committee.

> **Interviewed:** Miranda Bellwright, SCP-9048-2

> **Position:** Waitress

> **Date:** 5/9/1998

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Cornelius

> ~~-~~--

> *Begin Log*

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Alright, let's get started. Your name is...

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** Miranda Bell--

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Ah yes, I remember, Miranda Bell-rit! Says so in... one of these papers.

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** No it's Bellwr--

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Nice to find one you who can still string a sentence together, these past few interviews have been absolutely *dreadful*.

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** Excuse me, but my therapist said--

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Yes yes, I'm sure he told you about our... what'd I call it... ah "emotional healing through confession" service. Quite proud of that one, nabbed it right out the ol' Bible. So, you're here to tell us about what event lead to you being diagnosed with PTSD?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** (*Eyes darting between Dr. Cornelius and the guard*) Um... Yes.

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Right, the brain breaker. So, what happened?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** Well, you see, my father would--

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** I'll stop you right there, ma'am. You've told Mr. Whats-his-face-therapist that story a dozen times. And he knows damn well that you're a liar.

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** *Instance does not respond*

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** C'mon now, you don't want to disappoint him, do you?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** (*Gasping as it speaks*) I-I-I don't want to. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** I'll make this simpler, what happened at the Banksworth Theatre?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** (*The instance freezes, it begins to cry*) That awful place! Oh my god! I can't stop seeing it everywhere! In my head? They're all so, so hungry... You're all so fucking hungry! I-I don't want to be hungry. Not anymore, not anymore.

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Well, you're certainly more interesting than the last one. Do you remember anything about the theatre itself?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** (*Gaining volume throughout*) Red. It was all so, so red, And so wet! So terribly, terribly wet everywhere. I have to go, I have to-- They can't have m-me! I have to eat, I just have to eat!

> 

> (*It goes quiet, only a slight muttering can be heard coming from the instance. It lowers its head, staring into the floor*)

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** (*His voice lowered*) What the fuck...

> 

> *The SCP-9048-2 instance begins violently thrashing in its chair. The MTF Pi-1 agent on guard attempts to subdue it, but in the resulting fight his weapon is mistakenly fired, killing the instance*

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Damn, I was really hoping that one at least had a few more screws holding on up there. Alright, who's next?

> 

> **Note:** An anonymous complaint was filed following the interview accusing Dr. Cornelius of gross mistreatment of a human being. Summarily dismissed by the Ethics Committee.

> **Interviewed:** Brandon Rosewood, SCP-9048-2

> **Position:** President of Rosewood Equity

> **Date:** 1/5/1999

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Cornelius

> ~~-~~--

> *Begin Log*

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** How have you been finding our facility, Mr. Rosewood?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** Oh it's all quite nice, very sophisticated. You know, I'm always on the lookout for--

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** I am sure whatever you have to offer is incredibly generous, Mr. Rosewood. However, I'm afraid neither of us is here for a business meeting.

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** Have it your way, doctor. You wanted to discuss my time in the Big Apple, yes? Ah, such lovely memories.

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Absolutely right. Our organization is aware that you had a run in with something... bizarre. Now, that *is* our business, and we were hoping you could provide us with some more details?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** Well, overall it was quite a lovely day, actually.

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** A lovely da- Yes, okay. I don't mean to be rude to someone of your stature, but I don't suppose you could skip to the stranger bits?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** (*Its brow furrowing*) Of course, Doctor. The stranger bits... I had just closed a deal over drinks at some bar in the Village, and I was, perhaps unwisely, walking myself home in the evening hours. It was during this walk that I somehow found myself going quite a ways too far down 5th.

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Is that when you found--

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** I am speaking, Doctor.

> 

> *Dr. Cornelius closes his mouth.*

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** As I was saying, I went too far down 5th, and ended up in a part of the city I'd never seen before. I stumbled around for quite a while before I finally dropped, right there in the middle of the street. *That* is when I found the theatre. 

> 

> *It takes a moment to clean its glasses*

> 

> I'll admit, it was an awful surprise when I woke up. I am, admittedly, something of a of a philistine, but I doubt anyone could view that monstrosity as anything other than positively garish. The façade was burdened with these *ridiculous* neon lights that looked like they'd fit better with a circus than right in the middle of the greatest city in the world. I could hardly see as I stumbled forward, looking for an explanation more than anything else. I needed an explanation.

> 

> And then, I was in my seat. It was like I was whisked from the entrance directly to the main show, I can't even remember stepping into a lobby or speaking with a teller. And... it was such a marvelous show. 

> 

> *It sighs deeply before continuing*

> 

> *The Animals in the Pit*, I'd never heard of it before. I was able to find a copy of the fairytale after the performance but, truth be told, I'm not too much of a reader. Some folk tale can hardly compare to a live performance, anyway. The drama, the energy, it was all so... thrilling. A feast for the eyes. I simply had to go again. I must've seen that wonderful performance at least a dozen times now, I make sure to go every time I happen to be in the city.

> 

> *Its face breaks into a wide smile*

> 

> A feast for the eyes. Yes, yes it certainly is a feast all right.

> 

> *SCP-9048-2 pauses, Dr. Cornelius speaks up*

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Could you tell us more about the performance itself? Why it draws you so intensely?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** (*It narrows its eyes*) Why, it is the world, doctor. I have seen the hunger of man and it is on that stage, that glorious stage. Justice, righteous beauty, that is what can be found in the Banksworth Theatre. I have seen the sinner's heart bleed crimson rivers across that holy wood, and I intend to taste every last drop. It is liberated truth, dear doctor, and that is why I must return. I have tasted my pound of flesh, and it was glory.

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Right, well... that certainly sounds lovely. (*He presses an alert button under the table*).

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** Indeed.

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** I do have one final question though. In a previous interview, it was mentioned that the performance's cast was selected from members of the audience. I can hardly imagine how this can produce a performance of the caliber you're describing, but I digress. 

> 

> (*Dr. Cornelius chuckles, SCP-9048-2 does not react*)

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** *Ahem*. The point is, you wouldn't happen to remember who played each role during last year's performance, would you?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** (*It remains silent for a moment before bursting into laughter*) Oh, dear doctor, there are only two *true* roles in this glorious production. That of The Fox, the one who feasts upon the feckless. And, that of The Narrator, the invisible hand who leads The Fox to his glory. The Wolf, The Pig, The Squirrel, and The Hare, these are secondary. The tools of The Fox. They are... the feast.

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** (*Appearing more exasperated*) Okay, Mr. Rosewood, could you at least tell us who played The Narrator and The Fox, then?

> 

> **SCP-9048-2:** I do not know who played The Narrator, and frankly I do not care. But The Fox, my dear doctor, was played by none other but myself.

> 

> *Mr. Rosewood rises from his chair, which loudly falls to the floor*

> 

> **Dr. Cornelius:** Mr. Rosewood? Mr. Rosewood please sit down. What, what the fuck are you-!

> 

> *Dr. Cornelius begins screaming uncontrollably before being silenced by a wet tearing sound. A single gunshot can be heard along with cracking glass, followed by the screams of an unfamiliar voice. Silence for several seconds, then SCP-9048-2 begins to groan painfully. It gains volume until it abruptly stops with a loud pop. Additional voices are heard entering the interview box seconds later.*

> 

> **Note:** SCP-9048-2 attacked Dr. Cornelius following their exchange, quickly subduing the Doctor by biting into his neck and disemboweling the MTF Pi-1 agent assigned to guard him. The instance vanished seconds before support arrived. Despite treatment, Dr. Cornelius' wounds proved fatal.

---

**Incident 99-X_THE_ANIMALS_IN_THE_PIT**

Approximately 3 hours after the murder of Dr. Cornelius and disappearance of the SCP-9048-2 instance formerly known as Mr. Rosewood, SCP-9048-1's manifestation site was located. In addition to standard protocols, Head Researcher Starmer requested emergency permission from the Ethics Committee to send an unarmed operative into SCP-9048-1 with standard recording equipment to finally determine the true nature of the Ouroboros Event. Approval was granted without stipulations.

After the complete destruction of the Banksworth Theatre, MTF Pi-1 was sent to clear the area of wreckage and locate any survivors. All that could be found, however, was blood, viscera, and a single undamaged DV Camcorder. The following transcript was produced from the recovered tape by D-9088 and delivered to Head Researcher Starmer. D-9088 was found having hanged himself in his cell 7 hours later.

> **Date:** 1/5/1999

> **Length:** 72 minutes

> ~~-~~--

> *Transcript Begins*

> 

> The house lights dim.

> 

> An individual enters from stage right. Wearing a moldy yellow robe, it is **The Narrator**. His face is gaunt and flaking, his eyes hollow and dull. Even so, his dry voice carries a palpable gravitas.

> 

> An audience member is called to the stage to play **The Pig**. It once was a construction worker, building mansions in which it would never live.

> 

> **The Narrator** announces that **The Pig** is on a journey to New York City, eager to find its fortune. It's a long, long journey though, and the wind is so cold.

> 

> **The Wolf** is called to the stage. It once was a police officer, spending days in Harlem, never speaking to a soul. 

> 

> **The Pig** meets **The Wolf**. It insists that it will protect **The Pig** from the dangers of the woods. Together, they will make it to New York City. It is a liar.

> 

> **The Fox** is called to the stage. It was an investment banker. The firm is verging on bankruptcy. It is **hungry**.

> 

> **The Fox** meets **The Pig** and **The Wolf**. It tells them it knows of a shortcut, a wonderful shortcut to New York City. It is a liar.

> 

> **The Hare** is called to the stage. It was a hemophiliac who contracted HIV in 1982. It had an interview tomorrow.

> 

> **The Squirrel** is called to the stage. It suffered a traumatic brain injury falling down a flight of stairs at its work office. Its son is visiting.

> 

> As **The Pig** and **The Wolf** and **The Fox** continue their journey, they meet **The Hare** and **The Squirrel**. **The Pig** promises to be their friend, **The Wolf** promises to protect them, and **The Fox** promises to lead them down a lovely route to New York City. They are all liars.

> 

> The path is harsh, and winter is setting in. The wind howls, buffeting the animals as they shuffle blindly into the night. Before them is a gaping Pit.

> 

> **The Narrator**, invisible to the wanderers, approaches the party. And a clumsy flick of the wrist, **The Narrator** gently pushes each one down, down, down...

> Into the Pit.

> 

> It is terribly cold in the pit, and starvation begins to set it. It was **The Fox** who suggested they eat the weakest of their number. *the parasites*

> 

> **The Wolf** grabs **The Squirrel** and **The Hare**. With vicious claws, it tears open the abdomens of them both, watching as their intestines spill out. The audience screams. **The Wolf** and **The Pig** and **The Fox** all eat.

> 

> It is terribly cold in the pit, and it is not long before starvation begins to set in. **The Fox** suggests that they eat the strongest of their number, that creature who has grown fat off their abundance. *the parasites*

> 

> **The Pig** and **The Wolf** begin to fight. neither can quite beat the other until **The Narrator** hands a knife to **The Fox**, who gives it to **The Pig**. **The Pig** and **The Fox** eat.

> 

> **The Fox** stows away the heart and liver of **The Wolf**. As **The Pig** starves, **The Fox** continues to eat. The audience continues to scream. **The Fox** convinces **The Pig** that it is eating itself, and **The Pig** should follow suit. **The Pig** feebly cuts into itself, removing its own spleen, and **The Fox** devours.

> 

> **The Narrator** frees **The Fox** from the pit. The audience is sobbing. **The Narrator** begins to speak once more, his voice reaching a crescendo and-

> 

> - A gunshot. A pistol can be seen in the operative's hand at the edge of the frame. The building shakes as **The Narrator** lays prone on the ground.

>

> The final frames before the video cuts show  **The Fox** staring down into the crowd, blood still dripping from its mouth. It is smiling.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 9048.2:**

In the years since Incident 99-X, the Foundation has maintained surveillance of the Ouroboros Event. Through these observations, it has been noted that it appears Mr. Rosewood's case was not unique. For every SCP-9048 manifestation, the previous year's "The Fox" becomes the next year's "The Narrator". However, in the wake of the 99-X Incident, the nature of this role has apparently changed significantly, as described in the excerpt below.

> **Excerpt from *Anomalous Reproductions of the Human Psyche*, by Madeline L. Becker:**

> Previously, it seems The Narrator character acted as something of a conduit for the anomaly's will. It selected the other actors and shepherded them through the performance. But, as you can see from fig. 5B, ever since the 1999 performanceWhich resulted in the 99-X Incident, the desiccated corpse of each would-be "The Narrator" has been draped over the house left side of the stage. 

Despite lacking "The Narrator", actors for the animal roles are still selected, seemingly through SCP-9048-1's compulsory effect. Without "The Narrator", however, the Ouroboros Event has seen a significant decrease in coherence. Furthermore, after eating the other actors, "The Fox" has often been noted to leave the stage and ravage members of the audience. 

What is more pertinent to Foundation interests, however, is that the desired number of SCP-9048-2 instances appears to be increasing uncontrollably, while the number of instances surviving each intervening year fluctuates at atypically low levels. This places increased strain on containment efforts as the number of prepared candidates the Foundation must provide the anomaly grows. Should stabilization of SCP-9048 prove to be impossible, research into neutralization options may become necessary. However, as it can be extrapolated that further damage to the anomaly may only further destabilize it, these options should only be considered as a last resort.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9047](SCP-9047) | SCP-9048 | [SCP-9049](SCP-9049) >>

> **Filename:** TheatreInterior.jpeg

> **Author:** Firef1y

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/203112509@N07/54824674123/in/dateposted-public/
