=====

=====

**SCP-9655:** Nematomorpha just want to get outside

**Author:** 

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains graphic body horror 

**Item #:** SCP-9655

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Wild populations of SCP-9655 must be destroyed upon discovery. Should incidents persist after eradication, a small number of instances are to be implanted with small tracking devices in order to locate well-hidden colonies.

Populations of SCP-9655 are to be culled using standard Foundation pesticides; these events are to be disguised as standard agricultural or health-related culling of harmful vermin. In areas where SCP-9655 are known to emerge, traps are to be set for instances in order to capture specimens and assess population size. Abnormally large instances of SCP-9655 are to be killed on sight and have their bodies incinerated.

Foundation agents embedded within the healthcare system are to monitor for potential cases of SCP-9655 infection. Should an infection be identified in the first stage, the instance will be removed under guise of a mundane roundworm infection. Hosts identified in the second stage are to be discreetly euthanised, with their conditions appointed appropriate cover stories, typically heavy drug use combined with non-anomalous parasites or infections.

A small population of SCP-9655 is maintained at biological Site-29. The population is to exclusively be maintained by the feeding of pre-parasitic larvae to common locusts. Experiments involving SCP-9655 are to be conducted by the Department of Vermeology.

 

**Description:** SCP-9655 is a species of worm within the phylum NematomorphaHorsehair worm.. SCP-9655 possesses the unique ability to parasitise any terrestrial animal, regardless of size or anatomy.

Similar to their non-anomalous relatives, SCP-9655 begin life as free-swimming microscopic larvae hatching from eggs deposited in freshwater by adult instances. A larval SCP-9655 will locate an animal drinking from its water source and swim into the animal's mouth. SCP-9655 will then embed itself within the host's body, usually within the digestive system.

Upon embedding into its host, SCP-9655 begins the first parasitic stage of its life cycle. Behaviour in this stage is near identical to that of its non-anomalous relatives; SCP-9655 will siphon a small amount of food from its host and grow larger within the host's body. During this stage SCP-9655 can survive briefly upon the death of its host, should it be eaten it will embed itself into the predator's digestive system, taking it as a new host. This process is believed to be the primary cause of human SCP-9655 infections.

After two to three months embedded in one body, SCP-9655 will enter its second parasitic stage. In this stage the growth of an instance varies depending on the size of the host, coming to fill a substantial portion of the inhabited cavity. SCP-9655 will also begin secreting a variety of chemicals tailored to its host in order to prevent immune response and somewhat reduce pain and anxiety.

Throughout the second parasitic stage, SCP-9655 will adapt to its host's nervous system. While the mechanics of this are poorly understood, it is known that this leads to SCP-9655 being able to use a form of telepathy to project thoughts into its host's mind while also being able to respond to stimuli perceived by its host.

After around two months in its second stage, SCP-9655 uses its telepathic influence to convince the host to locate a secluded body of unclean freshwater and partially or wholly submerge itself in it. At this point, hosts unable to swim drown. Immediately after, SCP-9655 will disconnect itself from surrounding tissue and exit through the host's rectumIn cases where SCP-9655 cannot reach the rectum the mouth is often used instead. Doing so increases fatality rate substantially..

SCP-9655 exhibit a variety of behaviour patterns in the wild, frequently displaying hostility and combat capabilities that pose serious threats to underprepared personnel. The lifespan of free-living SCP-9655 is unknown, however instances have been known to live for decades.

Specific populations of SCP-9655 have been known to form collectives in secluded and damp areas, ranging in population from groupings of individual members to massive colonies containing hundreds. SCP-9655 groups are often protected by anti-veil Groups of Interest, in exchange for the usage of instances in anti-Foundation operations. On account of the prevalence of these relationships, all wild SCP-9655 colonies are to be considered hostile populations and treated accordingly.

**Addendum SCP-9655-1 Case study:** William Blue was an employee at █████ █████████, a small startup operating in Staffordshire, England. Blue's infection was identified in late stages and was allowed to come to term in order to observe behaviour in hosts and the release process.

**Transcript █████ █████████ 23-09-21**

**1725:** Blue is seen at his desk. He moves slowly and sporadically while attempting to fill out a form.

**1730:** He ceases to move for a full minute, breathing slowly and laboriously.

**1731:** He begins to cry. This goes unnoticed by his co-workers, assisted by his posture obscuring his face.

 

**1733:** He can be seen opening a timer on his laptop. It is set for 30 minutes.

**1740:** He gets up from his desk and neatly places his belongings in a bag before leaving the office. He moves erratically through the building, pausing or suddenly changing direction frequently. Despite the building containing many people on that day, Blue does not encounter anyone else while leaving.

**Footage taken from inside Mr. Blue's car** A hidden camera was placed inside by Foundation agents for remote surveillance purposes.

 

 **1745:** Blue arrives at his vehicle. He sits in the driver's seat and stares motionlessly ahead.

 

 **1746:** Heavy breathing can be heard.

 

 **1747:** He begins driving, leaving the parking lot.

 

 **1750:** He takes a turn onto the M6 motorway, diverging from his usual route to his apartment.

 

 **1807:** He begins to converse with himself.

**Blue:** Uh huh.

**Blue:** You know, the funny part is that I'm really not even surprised, honestly.

**Blue:** As in, I mean, obviously I didn't think this would happen, but... when I was a kid, it always felt like my stomach was hurting, and I could never do anything about it. Its kind of like, way before you, there was something going on. I couldn't... I really still can't, but...

**Blue:** I guess what I'm trying to say is you showing up made sense to me.

**Blue:** So, anything to say?

**Blue:** You've said that enough, you know.

*He turns on the radio.*

**Radio:** *...are demanding that the books be removed from circulation, saying that they promote  harmful ideas about self-*

*He turns off the radio.*

**Blue:** I guess I am, too.

*Three minutes pass in silence*

**Blue:** What even are you?

**Blue:** So, nothing.

*[Pause]*

**Blue:** I get it. Please, I will. We're going. You know this.

**Blue:** You trust me, of course you do, you're-

*He is interrupted by the sudden appearance of a red light, which he drives through.*

**Blue:** Shit.

**Transcript Stone Meadows 23-09-21 1815 - 1846**

Blue arrives at a marsh on the edge of Stone Meadows nature reserve. He gets out of his car and removes his shoes before walking into a murky river. He hesitates briefly before kneeling down in the stream, falling over as he does so. After successfully righting himself onto his knees, he begins to move in a series of sudden bursts. It is impossible to tell whether he is sobbing, convulsing or retching.

After three minutes of gradually decreasing movement, he begins to remove his pants and underwear. His mouth is wide open, though it is unknown if he is vocalizing. He twitches and falls on his side into the stream, briefly paralyzed before beginning to convulse violently, repeatedly swallowing and hacking up stream water.

An instance of SCP-9655 covered in intestinal contents can be seen thrashing from side to side in the water behind him. Once it fully emerges, it begins to wrap around him. He attempts to resist this, but fails. Once he is fully bound, the instance begins to use its body to drag him towards the edge of the river.

Blue's body is hoisted over the bank of the stream, he coughs up dirty water onto the ground. The instance of SCP-9655 unwraps itself from his body and slithers into the water.

Seconds later, it returns, placing its head on his chest. Blue weakly moves his hand to touch its head, seemingly somewhat recovering from his paralyzed state. He is weeping heavily and is seen to be bleeding from his anal region.

On contact with Blue's hand, the instance twitches in apparent pain, but does not move. After ten seconds of contact, it disappears into the water. Blue lies on the mud for a further fifteen minutes before a Foundation operated ambulance arrives.

The Stone Meadows nature reserve was later culled using standard Foundation pesticides; no further cases or sightings of SCP-9655 have occurred in the region.

<< [SCP-9654](SCP-9654) | SCP-9655 | [SCP-9656](SCP-9656) >>

> **Filename:** Paragordius_tricuspidatus.jpeg

> **Author:** Bildspende von D. Andreas Schmidt-Rhaesa, Veröffentlichung unter GNU FDL

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Paragordius_tricuspidatus.jpeg])]
