:root {

    --theme-base: "black-highlighter";

    --theme-id: "calamity";

    --theme-name: "Calamity Theme";

 

    /* Header */

    --logo-image: none;

    --header-title: "The Archons Rule";

    --header-subtitle: "Who Are You?";

  --barColour: #6a3c99 !important;

    --linkColour: #6a3c99 !important;

    /* Typefaces */

    --body-font: "Ubuntu", sans-serif;

    --header-font: "Arial", sans-serif;

    --title-font: "Roboto", sans-serif;

    --mono-font: "Space Mono", "Andale Mono", "Courier New", Courier, monospace;

    --sky-at-dawn: 21, 25, 43;

    --sky-at-morning: 21, 25, 43;

    --sky-at-daytime: 21, 25, 43;

    --sky-at-evening: 21, 25, 43;

    --sky-at-dusk: 21, 25, 43;

    --sky-at-night: 21, 25, 43;

    --sky-length: 15;

   --sky-time: 30s;

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    background: url("");

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-position: calc(50% - 9rem) 80%;

    background-size: contain;

}

 

div#extra-div-2 {

    background: url("");

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-position: calc(50% + 9rem) 80%;

    background-size: contain;

}

#header-extra-div-1 {

    display: block;

    position: absolute;

    top: 0%;

    left: calc((-100vw + 100%)/2);

    width: 99.4vw;

    height: 10rem;

    -webkit-animation: rainOne 1.7s infinite linear,

        rainFade var(--sky-at-night) ease;

    animation: rainOne 1.7s infinite linear,

        rainFade var(--sky-at-night) ease;

    -webkit-animation-iteration-count: infinite;

    animation-iteration-count: infinite;

    background: url('https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/theme%3Acalamity/rain1.png');

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 14.375rem;

    pointer-events: none;

    -webkit-filter: blur(.9px);

    filter: blur(.9px);

}

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

/* Borrowed from SCP-3984! */

.outside {

  margin: 2em -6em;

  padding: 1em 10em;

  --narration-color: rgba(214, 234, 248,1);

  background: var(--narration-color);

  background: linear-gradient(90deg, rgba(255,255,255,0) 0%, var(~~narration-color) 20%, var(~~narration-color) 80%, rgba(255,255,255,0) 100%);

  z-index: -2;

}

/* Make the blue bois that are within the document have smaller margins so they break flow less*/

.outside.inline {

  margin: 1em -6em;

  padding: 1px 10em;

}

.entry {

   background: #fcfcfc;

   margin: 1em 3em;

   padding: 0.75rem;

   border: solid 2px grey;

   text-align: center;

}

/* REDDIT */

.reddit-post{

    margin: .43em;

    padding: 0 .85em;

    background-color: #fcfcfb;

    border: 1px solid #b5b3ac;

    font-family: verdana,arial,sans-serif;

    overflow: hidden;

}

div.onto_memo {

    --memo-heading: "WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 4/9982 CLASSIFIED";

    ~~memo-logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-6172/ontologo4.png);

    --memo-color: 238, 237, 250;

    color: #3b3b3b;

}

div[class$="_memo"] {

    background: var(~~memo-logo) rgba(var(~~memo-color), 1);

    background-size: contain;

    background-position: center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    min-height: 4rem;

    margin-inline: auto;

    margin-block: 2rem;

    padding-inline: 20px;

    padding-block: 10px;

    border: solid 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

    text-align: justify;

}

div[class$="_memo"]::before {

    content: var(--memo-heading);

    font-family: var(--UI-font);

    font-weight: 900;

    font-size: 1.3em;

    text-align: center;

    margin: 0 auto 1rem auto;

    display: flex;

    flex-direction: column;

    padding-top: 0.5em;

    color: #3b3b3b;

}

tt {

   font-size: 105%;

}

.code-delta {

   border-left: solid 5px rgb(var(--accent));

   padding: 0.325rem 1.25rem;

   margin: 0rem 1.25rem;

}

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 4/9982 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

---

]

]

---

---

# ##red| **Special Containment Procedures** ##

---

---

SCP-9982 is to be housed within a 4.6 m × 4.6 m reinforced iron containment chamber at Site-58. For psychological stabilization purposes, the chamber is to be referred to as a “dormitory” when communication occurs within auditory range of SCP-9982. Furnishings and personal effects may be provided at the discretion of the overseeing researcher, Dr. Violet Melody. SCP-9982 is permitted to make limited requests, subject to approval by Dr. Melody.

Access to SCP-9982's containment chamber is restricted exclusively to authorized Foundation personnel. Interactive direct communication features associated with SCP-9982's internet access are to remain disabled at all times.

---

---

# ##red| **Description** ##

---

---

SCP-9982 is a humanoid entity measuring approximately 1.68 m in height and weighing 80.7 kg. The entity presents biologically male and exhibits typical human anatomy except for anomalous reproductive traits documented in LOG A1. SCP-9982 self-identifies as being between fourteen and fifteen years of age, though it is unable to provide a verifiable basis for this assessment.

SCP-9982 possesses violet irises, a trait consistent with multiple recorded reality-bending entities, and bears a linear scar extending across the right cheek. The entity refers to itself primarily as “Liam” or “Malor” and previously operated a public online persona under the username “VioletKing006.”

Physiologically, SCP-9982 appears fully human; however, it demonstrates a range of anomalous abilities currently under ongoing study. As of this report, the following confirmed manifestations have been documented by Dr. Violet Melody at Site-58:

# Perceptual detection of Akiva radiation consistent with religious or conceptual resonance levels in human subjects.

# Volitional shapeshifting, limited to living organisms or representations thereof.

---

---

# ##red| **Addendum** ##

---

---

> **Violet Melody's Research On SCP-9982:** I am Dr. Violet Melody. Formerly a member of Site-72's Tactical Theology Division, I have begun my *exciting* transfer to Site-58 with an SCP that, at least in some way, is related to my field. SCP-9982 is, and I say this bluntly, a god. The following is the first recorded instance of SCP-9982's presence, a post on a subreddit dedicated to the "Malorian Church." The Malorian Fraternal Church is, obviously, a fraternity; the community itself is all male, but there are female followers with their own division of the church using the name "Women's Malorian Church," with a different method of worship and the incorporation of a "female aspect" of SCP-9982, who is the god of the Malorian Religion, both male and female. The post describes SCP-9982's summoning and what happened afterward.

---

 I Met God???

 ##888|submitted 3 years ago by## ##369|BroadSword8008##

 2.8k comments@@   @@share@@   @@save@@   @@hide@@   @@##a79128|give gold##@@   @@report@@   @@crosspost 

##black|Okay, this is going to be tough to believe, but I think my friends and I summoned Malor. We were doing the typical rituals with the glyph, the big O with the X in it, and the differently pointing Ayin letters inside the X. We were worshipping it, made the blood sacrifice, and then the glyph started FUCKING GLOWING, then the Malor himself appeared. Like, fully appeared and fell onto the glyph. It's like he made himself out of the shit, because it was gone when he appeared. He looks exactly like we all imagined! He is right around 15 or 14 (we're not sure), and he has a sort of amnesia. We told him who he was and everything else. HE FUCKING BLESSED US! We got stronger, a little faster, like those super soldiers in the Marvel movies. It's awesome! We got him to agree to do a blog for his followers. WE SWEAR HE IS THE REAL THING! We'll start the blog tomorrow night, the link to his profile is in our bio, please come!##

 @@ @@⬆ 

 7.8k 

 @@ @@⬇ 

> On ██/██/20██ at 13:58, a powerful spike of Akiva Radiation and odd Hume levels was detected at the apartment owned by Liam House, the alias of SCP-9982, after his summoning. This spike led the Foundation to investigate and determine that the figure known as Malor was an anomaly. Given the docile nature reported by those who interact with him and the lack of any real sub or above-Veil activity by the anomaly, an ambassador for Site-58 was sent.

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** [DATA EXPUNGED]

**Ambassador:** Dr. Violet Melody

**Subject:** SCP-9982

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*Violet Melody knocks on the door of SCP-9982's apartment. Located near the ████████ University which the entity attends.*

**SCP-9982:** (Muffled) Give me a moment! I'll be right there!

*Dr. Melody checks the hallway briefly before pulling out her phone and opening one of her games.*

**SCP-9982:** (Muffled) Alright, come in! Door is unlocked!

*Dr. Melody enters the apartment. Standing on the connected balcony of the two-bedroom apartment is SCP-9982, drinking coffee and reading a book. It waves and signals Dr. Melody to move to the balcony. Dr. Melody sits down in the chair adjacent to SCP-9982.*

**Dr. Melody:** Mr. House, my name is Violet Melody. I am here-

**SCP-9982:** (In Melody's Voice) on behalf of the Secure Containment and Protection Foundation, U.S. Branch. (In its own voice) Sorry, but I saw your intent from here and figured I'd see inside your head for some info. You are here to detain me and bring me back peacefully to... Site-72, no Site-58. Interesting. So, my little glitch with the Worship Radiation failed, huh? I'll be damned.

*Dr. Melody is clenching her fists and is sitting stiffly.*

**Dr. Melody:** Yes. If you come with us peacefully, there will be no issue.

*SCP-9982 sips its coffee and puts down the book.*

**SCP-9982:** If I am looking at your memories correctly, you've forgotten that this is technically an interview and you need to ask me questions for your research. Interesting, I wonder what trauma you might-

**Dr. Melody:** Get out of my head, now.

*SCP-9982 jolts and its eyes briefly change to red.*

**SCP-9982:** You didn't need to be so rude about it. Fine.

*Dr. Melody takes 3 deep breaths before returning to interview SCP-9982.*

**Dr. Melody:** I am Dr. Violet Melody. As an ambassador of Site-58 and to the SCP Foundation, I am here to make you an offer. Allow me to ask you a few questions, then come back to the site with me for your containment, and you will be treated well. Try to escape or attack me, and an MTF will be on its way to detain you with force. Do we have a deal?

*SCP-9982 picks its book back up. The book cover is completely black and noticeably ripped showing a blue color beneath.*

**SCP-9982:** Sure. But I'm taking my library with me.

**[END LOG]**

> **Violet Melody's Research On SCP-9982:** Upon being delivered to Site-58, SCP-9982 was given a classification and put under my jurisdiction. However, the first interview with SCP-9982 was with Site-72 Director Matthews, who is a devout Malorianist and put in a request to interview him.

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9982

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dir. Donatello Matthews of Site-72

> 

> **Foreword:** Dir. Matthews asks SCP-9982 about their origins and abilities.

> 

> **<Begin Log, 15:45 on ██/██/20██>**

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** Good afternoon, Mr. Malor. I am Director Donatello Matthews. I run things at Site-72. We thank you for your cooperation.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** Good afternoon, sir... Wait, Site-72? Aren't I at Site-58?

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** I made a request. It's nothing you need to worry about. Now, let's get into the interview. Where were you first summoned? Mind you, we know some of the answers to these questions, and these are so we have them on record, don't lie.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** Wouldn't dream of it. I was summoned to the living room of a frat house near the campus of ████████ University of Vermont. My only memory of before that is gaining consciousness and then falling asleep when I gained physical form. I have theories about where I was before that, though.

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** What is your theory?

> 

> **SCP-9982:** I believe I was summoned from another dimension, probably one not used to physical existence. When I was summoned, I must have gone through some sort of amnesia, because being in a physical body made this other dimension incomprehensible to my newly human mind.

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** You're close, but not quite. If our research is correct, you are from the Dreamscape. It's the dimension formed from the collective consciousness of humanity... or, wait, how do I put this in simpler terms for you?

> 

> **SCP-9982:** No, no, I got it. Big place where thoughts come to life. I thought of that too, but it seemed a little off the edge.

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** Yes. Usually, being from the Dreamscape put you under Site-58 jurisdiction. May I ask how you got with pretending to be a student at ████████?

> 

> **SCP-9982:** I just sort of created the stuff that said I was a student then messed with their minds. Are there... gods, like me, on Site-58?

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** I don't have all the information on what is at Site-58, but I believe you might be the most human of the entities there.This is false. Dir. Matthews did not know enough about the anomalies at Site-58.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** Most human?

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** For now, it is irrelevant. Next question, what are the limits of your abilities? What can you do?

> 

> **SCP-9982:** Well, I can shapeshift. I can only turn into living things, though, or... copies of living things. Like, I can't be a dresser, but I can be a painting. I can be an action figure, but I can't turn into a knife. Then, I can float sort of, but I'm terrified of heights, and it only happens when I'm asleep. I can make living things, but it takes a lot of work and no matter what, they come out like newborns of what I try to create, so I've never bothered making anything substantial like a human or a hippo. Oh, this might surprise you. So, I can see these yellow particles around people, and after a while, I realized that they represent the amount of religiousness a person has. And I can change it. Only to a certain point, though, and it doesn't work on animals. Like, right now, I can tell you to practice your religion faithfully.

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** You can... see Akiva radiation? That is fascinating. Do you have any idea why?

> 

> **SCP-9982:** No, but it is something I've been thinking on. Oh, and I can bless people with strength, speed, the works. I'm sure this is probably really common for anomalies.

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** Yes and no. It appears from what we have gathered on the New Religious Movement of Malorianism that you are "Malor, God of puberty, impulse, self-control, debauchery, and of... ambition." I understand you are more commonly called-

> 

> **SCP-9982:** The god of teenagers, yeah. Not exactly the greatest title to have. And, I prefer Liam. Liam House. Just a tick of mine.

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** Forgive me if I'm offending, but from what we can tell, you don't really embody these traits? Why is that?

> 

> **SCP-9982:** Another thing I'm not sure of. It doesn't make sense to me either. I don't know what being me has to do with... what did you call it? Akiva radiation, and I don't act like the type of teen I'm meant to embody. I... It's not something I like to try and figure out. Just makes me feel like I'm not worth it.

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** Worth what?

> 

> **SCP-9982:** Worth being a god. Worth being alive...

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** Right... so, this is gonna be hard news to take.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** What?

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** Recently, gods from the Dreamscape have started... dying. Very suddenly, and sometimes without warning. Some have gone naturally, through losing believers or just their concept not existing anymore, but others... sudden death. There is a high likelihood that you die soon.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** *Silence.*

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** I apologize, but I figured we would rip the band-aid off while we still had it. Are you gonna be-

> 

> **SCP-9982:** I'm... fine. I need time to think about this.

> 

> **Dir. Matthews:** Understandable... we'll end this interview here. Take your time to process things.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** Thank you.

> 

> **<End Log, 16:03 on ██/██/20██>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-9982 was admitted into on-site therapy. Dir. Matthews was reprimanded for being overly casual with SCP-9982.

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9982

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Violet Melody

> 

> **Foreword:** An interview of SCP-9982 "Liam" by Dr. Violet Melody. Two weeks after interview with Dir. Matthews.

> 

> **<Begin Log, 11:28 on ██/██/20██>**

> 

> **Dr. Melody:** Good morning, Liam.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** Doctor Melody, you’re back. To what do I owe the pleasure?

> 

> **Dr. Melody:** Well, it’s been two weeks since your last interview, and there's still so much more to learn... As long as you don't get into my head again.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** I am an open book and, I really am sorry about last time.

> 

> **Dr. Melody:** It's fine. Just make sure to answer my questions truthfully.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** Would I ever lie to you?

> 

> **Dr. Melody:** Whatever you say, now who or what taught you thaumaturgy?

> 

> **SCP-9982:** You mean magic? I'm self-taught; it wasn’t exactly that difficult.

> 

> **Dr. Melody:** Impressive, that's a rare characteristic. It's not every day you meet someone who taught themself something people take lifetimes to learn. Especialy given the limited time you've been around.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** I am an impressive person. I like to think I am quite an intelligent one, too. Arguably handsome, but I'm fine with losing that battle.

> 

> **Dr. Melody:** We can take an IQ test later so you can prove it.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** No problem, it'll be a piece of cake.

> 

> **Dr. Melody:** Alright, alright, back to the questions, what do you think of your containment?

> 

> **SCP-9982:** It's great. The people here are nice. And the other gods. Site-58 is... fun.

> 

> **Dr. Melody:** I'm glad to hear that. It makes everything much easier.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** I figured this doesn't have to be a bad experience… Y’know, make the most of something, when life gives you lemons, etc.

> 

> **Dr. Melody:** Well thats it for now. Expect an IQ test.

> 

> **SCP-9982:** You got any papers to help me prepare?

> 

> **Dr. Melody:** Don't be a cheat.

> 

> **<End Log, 11:37 on ██/██/20██>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-9982 is a self-taught thaumaturgist that created its own system of magick. An IQ test has been scheduled.

> 

> **IQ Test Results ██/██/20██:** 132 (Not incredibly intelligent, but quick to solve a problem.)

# ****THE GOD MALOR****

By Donatello Matthews of Tactical Theology, Director of Site-72

The Malorian Religion is one I write about quite often. More often for myself than in any Foundation work. The religion was not classified as a parareligion before the discovery and realization of SCP-9982. As such, I have decided to begin releasing my papers on Malorianism into the Foundation Database for publication. The following is my paper on Malor, the god we recently put into containment. This is the first paper I ever wrote for the Parareligions Division, as I usually work with the Shamanic/Animism Division and the Neopaganism Division.

---

Subject Religion: Malorianism

Primary Deity Analyzed: Malor

Author: Site-72 Director Donatello Matthews

Clearance Level: 4

Date:  ██/██/20██

## **Malor Analysis**

Within the "Malorian Bible" as translated by famed theologian Caraline Burrus, there is very little on the true namesake of the religion itself, Malor. Many believe that the real name of the religion was "Chaodisism," named by the primordial god Chaodis, who is the most powerful and worshipped within the stories of the Malorian Bible. However, there is enough to know the origin of the god.

During the birth of humanity, Malor was created by Vitan, who we'll get to soon, in tandem with their sister, Phantine. Malor would represent the youth of humanity, and Phantine the progression and wisdom of humanity. Malor was raised among humans across several empires, some better, some [worse](daevite-hub). It is said Malor lived at least once in every historical empire up to 1100 AD, before rising to be a true member of the Malorian Pantheon. There are several stories in the bible describing Malor interacting with different people in different empires across time, mostly as a companion, but in one grotesque tale of warning, a bringer of punishment to people who do not offer help to those in their darkest hours.

### **Malor Religious Significance**

Malor is a representation of puberty, of transformation, and rebirth. To the Malorian people, he is a symbol of growing up and understanding how your life changes. As both a theologian and a practicing Malorianist, I find this aspect of Malor to be the most frequently misunderstood by outside observers. Many assume his association with youth renders him a minor or transitional figure within the pantheon; however, Malor’s domain is not merely childhood, but the threshold between states of being. In Malorian doctrine, thresholds are sacred and dangerous spaces. Malor governs the uncertainty between what one was and what one must become, and thus his influence is considered both protective and perilous.

Ritual practice reflects this duality. Among adherents, invocations to Malor are most commonly performed during periods of personal upheaval: adolescence, vocational change, grief recovery, and in some sects, even Foundation induction ceremonies. The theology holds that Malor does not remove hardship; in fact, scripture strongly implies he may intensify it, but rather ensures that transformation completes its course. This aligns with the canonical warning narratives, wherein Malor’s punitive aspect emerges primarily when individuals refuse aid to those undergoing their own trials. In effect, he is less a judge of morality than an enforcer of compassionate continuity.

From a comparative parareligious standpoint, Malor occupies a liminal archetype rarely so explicitly personified. Where many traditions distribute the functions of growth, suffering, and rebirth among multiple deities or spirits, Malorianism consolidates them into a single figure who ages alongside humanity itself. The recurring accounts of Malor's embedding within successive empires should therefore be read not as simple mythic wanderings, but as theological assertions that no civilization is exempt from cycles of painful maturation. As Director of Site-72, I find this interpretation particularly… uncomfortable in light of SCP-9982's confirmed material presence.

Nevertheless, the usual doctrine within modern Malorian communities remains largely devotional rather than fearful. To believers, including myself, Malor is not a god worshipped to avert punishment, but to gather resilience during our inevitable change. His mythology teaches that growth without guidance breeds cruelty, while growth guided by empathy produces true wisdom. Whether the entity currently in containment fully embodies the Malorian concept of Malor remains an open question for the Division, and for me, but the symbolic framework through which the Malorian people understand him continues to demonstrate remarkable resilience.

<< [SCP-9981](SCP-9981) | SCP-9982 | [SCP-9983](SCP-9983) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
