====

=====

*Let's just start from scratch.*

**Item #:** SCP-9024

**Object Class:** Pending

**Interim Containment Guidelines:** Documentation of SCP-9024 is in progress and presently incomplete. SCP-9024 is currently isolated in a temporary Foundation installation built at its point of origin. This installation is to be considered part of Site-99 for administrative purposes.

Maintain a minimum distance of 3 meters from the anomaly whenever possible. Do not touch the anomaly, even through protective gear or tools. Exercise caution.

Documentation of SCP-9024 is expected to be completed by October 3rd, 2001 at the latest. 

**Initial Description:** SCP-9024 appears to be a hovering black sphere which spontaneously appeared 9 miles northeast of Site-99 on 8/22/2001. SCP-9024 has a diameter of 19cm, hovers 1.7 meters off the ground, and does not seem mobile. Any object that touches SCP-9024 will begin to break down and get absorbed into the anomaly. Notably, this effect appears to 'chain' through objects. For example, if a human were to touch SCP-9024 with a stick, both the human and the stick would get absorbed by SCP-9024 (see 'SCP-9024 Initial Damages and Casualties Report' for further information). No other qualities were observed during initial acquisition.

**Plan of Action:** Supervision of research into SCP-9024 has been assigned to Level 4 Researcher Dr. Douglas Monroe. Dr. Monroe has assembled a research team consisting of the following personnel:

| Research Head |
| --- |
| **Dr. Abraham Nu** | Probationary Level 3 Researcher, Department of Alchemy |
| Research Assistants |
| **Dr. Lenore Celentano** | Level 2 Researcher, Department of Alchemy |
| **Dr. Michael Amofah** | Level 2 Researcher, Thaumaturgical Department |
The goals of the SCP-9024 Research Team are as follows:

1) **Establish robust and effective special containment procedures for the anomaly.**

2) **Conduct a wide range of tests to ascertain the exact nature of the anomaly.**

Contained below are the research materials that have been produced by the SCP-9024 Research Team so far:

---

> **SCP-9024 Research Log 1** - Entered by Dr. Nu

> Site-99 | 0907 EST | 9/4/2001

> 

> Note: *'Initial strategic meeting'*

> 

> <Dr. Celentano and Dr. Amofah sit within the adjoining conference room to SCP-9024's containment area. Dr. Amofah checks his watch.>

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** He was supposed to be here 10 minutes ago.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Just give him a bit.

> 

> <The door to the conference room rattles, appearing to be stuck. Dr. Celentano helps open the door, and Dr. Nu enters the room.>

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** You're late, Abe.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I know, sorry, sorry.

> 

> <Dr. Nu looks at SCP-9024.>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** There it is. Definitely looks weird.

> 

> <Dr. Amofah outstretches his hand.>

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Nice to finally meet you, Dr. Nu. I've already gotten acquainted with Dr. Celentano, I hear that you two already know each other.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** We're colleagues in the Department of Alchemy. Now, let's all get started.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Right, starting first strategic meeting regarding SCP-9024 at...0910 hours

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Okay, so, I took a look at the initial file, and this seems like a pretty open and shut case, no? It's a black ball that absorbs matter. It doesn't appear to move, so can't we just restrict access and classify this as Safe?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Our post orders are to conduct a bunch of tests on it. They wanna make sure that this thing won't start moving somewhere down the line.  

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Did they tell us what exactly we should be testing it for?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Nope, they didn't specify.

> 

> <Dr. Nu takes a look at a paper on the conference table.>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Hey, Lena, I'm not seeing any Hume readings in the initial documentation?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** It says that acquisition didn't have any Kant counters on them. Typical.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Eh, they're trying their best I think. Could you maybe get a Hume reading on it? Just for baseline?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Will do.

> 

> <Dr. Celentano enters the containment area of SCP-9024>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Make sure not to get too close!

> 

> <Dr. Amofah crosses his arm, staring at Dr. Nu.>

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** So, what's next?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I'm sorry?

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** She's doing the Hume reading, what do you want me to check?

> 

> <Dr. Nu scratches his head.>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** O-oh. I'm not really...literate on thaumaturgy.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Well, I am, and I'm not feeling anything from it. 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** ...Is that good?

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Not sure. It means it's not some kind of botched thaumaturgical working, or anything of the sort. If it was, it'd be spewing Akiva radiation from all sides. Still, though, it should be giving off something.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I see.

> 

> <Dr. Amofah grabs a sheet of paper from the table and examines it.>

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** That reminds me, you didn't write in anything for radiation protection in the equipment list.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Sorry, slipped my mind. 

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Sure, sure. I saw that you were listed as probationary. Is this your first time running a project like this?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Oh, no, no. This is actually my ninth time doing something like this, but I never finish them.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** What?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I can't get any good ideas about where to take the direction of the research, and then I lose motivation and eventually get moved off the project.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** That's not what I meant.

> 

> <Dr. Celentano re-enters the conference room>

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Abe, I can't get a reading.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** What do you mean?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Kant counter's not working, just showing 0.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** That's a fresh counter, though.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Sure is. 

> 

> <Dr. Nu leans back in his chair and rubs his eyes.>

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** So?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I don't know. Maybe we could try an overnight reading?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** So, what should we be doing in the meantime?

> 

> <Dr. Nu gets up and heads to the exit of the room. He struggles with the door.>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Let's break for lunch and come back with a fresh set of eyes.

> 

> <Dr. Nu leaves the room. Dr. Amofah throws up his hands.>

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** He just leaves?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Abe's usually just a peer reviewer, he doesn't really gel well with project management.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Then why is he the research head?

> 

> <Dr. Celentano shrugs.>

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** You should ask Dr. Monroe. I'm sure Abe is just as curious as you.

> 

> *End log*

---

> **Cellular Communication** - Entered by Dr. Monroe

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** Hello? Abe? What are you calling me for?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Yeah, Dr. Monroe. Hey, I'm not really sure what to do about SCP-9024.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** What do you mean you don't know what to do? You've just started!

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I know, I know. It's just...I can't really think of anything to do for it.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** Well, what tests have you run so far?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** We tried a Hume reading, but the Kant counter didn't work. I'm hoping an overnight test will fix it.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** And? What about the thaumaturgical side?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I'm not a thaumatologist.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** I put a thaumatologist on your team! Just ask Dr. Amofah for help.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Well, he said he doesn't feel anything from it, so I'm not sure where to go from there.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** Abe, this isn't a particularly difficult anomaly to study, at least from our initial reports. I know you're more comfortable in a lesser role, but trust me when I say that you are fully capable of something like this.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** And I'm just saying, you'd be better off doing this yourself.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** I'm not doing this over the phone. Clear next Thursday at 1000 and come to my office. Until then, I want you in that containment chamber making progress.

> 

> <Phone call ended.>

> 

---

> **SCP-9024 Research Log 2** - Entered by Dr. Nu

> Site-99 | 1101 EST | 9/4/2001

> 

> Note: *'Routine measurements'*

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Okay, Amofah, what kind of tests do you think we should be doing on this thing? From a thaumaturgical angle.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** I mean, I could measure the Akiva radiation, but like I said earlier, I'm not getting much from it.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Okay. Could you...just do the test anyway? Pad out our experiment logs? Oh, and Lena? 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Yes?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Could you run the standard unveiled tests on this? Interferometry, spectroscopy, stuff like that? 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** You think this might be a black hole?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** No, no, I just want some control values for it.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Got it.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** As for me, I grabbed one of those time dilated Kant counters while we were out for lunch. We can run a 24 hour test in the span of a couple minutes on this thing, so we won't have to wait overnight.

> 

> *End log*

---

| SCP-9024 - Akiva Radiation Measurement |
| --- |
| **Performed by** |  |  | Dr. Michael Amofah |
| **Test Outline** |  |  | Perform an Akiva radiation measurement using standard Foundation Akiva counter. |
| **Expected result** | 9cAkv | **Result** | -29cAkv |
| Note: *'Very, very strange.'* |
| SCP-9024 - Interferometry and Spectroscopy Analysis |
| **Performed by** |  |  | Dr. Lenore Celentano |
| **Test Outline** |  |  | Perform an interferometry with Foundation microLIGO system; Perform standard spectroscopy. |
| **Expected result** | Low strain of 10^^21^^ / Light block of 14800ppm (standard blockage) | **Result** | Interferometry failed / Light block of 14800ppm |
| Note: *'no apparent gravity. odd.'* |
| SCP-9024 - Time Dilated Hume Measurement |
| **Performed by** |  |  | Dr. Abraham Nu |
| **Test Outline** |  |  | Perform a standard Hume measurement with a Kant counter time dilated to 24h>>5m. |
| **Expected result** | 20Hms +/- 9cHm | **Result** | 0Hms |
| Note: *'Yep. No Humes.'* |
---

> **SCP-9024 Research Log 3** - Entered by Dr. Nu

> Site-99 | 1506 EST | 9/4/2001

> 

> Note: *'Meeting discussing recent measurements'*

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** What the hell is this thing?! Disregarding the Akiva radation, isn't 0 Humes supposed to be literally impossible?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Well, maybe that's part of the anomaly?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** That sounds a bit too circular for me.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Maybe it's absorbing the ambient Humes and messing with the readings? We could try setting up an SRA.

> 

> <Dr. Amofah laughs.>

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** You mean one of those stabilizers? And end up like Scranton? 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** That was with experimental prototypes, and even then, the accident only occurred because of an earthquake. The modern versions aren't gonna--

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I agree with Dr. Amofah. An SRA is just too risky when we don't know what we're dealing with. Lena, you mentioned a black hole earlier?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Well...yeah. It looks like a black hole, right?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Your interferometry didn't show any apparent gravity, which shouldn't be possible either. Everything exhibits some amount of gravity.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Were the settings right? Doesn't interferometry measure black holes thousands of lightyears away?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** This was a microLIGO system, and it was calibrated for something half the size of the anomaly. The readings should have actually been a bit larger than we were expecting.

> 

> <The group stays silent for a moment and then turn to face SCP-9024>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Does this thing even exist?

> 

> *End log*

---

> **SCP-9024 Research Log 4** - Entered by Dr. Nu

> Site-99 | 1609 EST | 9/4/2001

> 

> Note: *'Physical tests'*

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Okay, we've got all the equipment ready?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Abe, you still haven't told us what we're doing.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Well, after those measurements, I feel like we should...just try throwing some stuff at it? See what happens? 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Really?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Well, you mentioned that it might be absorbing the ambient Humes out of the surrounding area, right? We might get a brief disturbance in that baseline if we introduce some objects to it.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Okay, but didn't the containment procedures say not to touch it, even through tools? Throwing things at it doesn't seem very precise.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Well, I was gonna have Mike do it.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Are you trying to kill me?!

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** No, no, I was hoping that you could, like, use thaumaturgy to levitate the objects into it. 

> 

> <Dr. Amofah crosses his arms.>

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** ...Yeah, I can do that. But I don't like how easy you made it sound. That would be a very finnicky thaumaturgical working.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Like I said, I'm not too literate with thaumaturgy

> 

---

| SCP-9024 - Object Absorption Tests |
| --- |
| **Performed by** |  |  | Dr. Amofah, Dr. Celentano, Dr. Nu |
| **Test(s) Outline** |  |  | Dr. Amofah will use thaumaturgy to create a localized weather system that delivers objects into SCP-9024. Dr. Celentano and Dr. Nu will be taking Hume and Akiva radiation measurements while objects are introduced to SCP-9024. |
‎ 

| **Trial 1:** A wooden stick, 70 cm long |
| --- |
| **Result:** SCP-9024 absorbed the stick as expected. No significant change in Hume/Akiva measurements of SCP-9024, Hume/Akiva measurements of the stick saw a drastic drop, approaching absolute zero Hume count before merging with SCP-9024. |
| Note: *'It seems we had things backwards, SCP-9024 brings things down to its Hume level as opposed to just absorbing all the Humes.'* |
‎ 

| **Trial 2:** A wooden stick, 70 cm long, with Akiva radiation level artificially increased by Dr. Amofah prior to introduction to SCP-9024. |
| --- |
| **Result:** Same as Test 1. Drop in Akiva measurements in test object were of same intensity. |
| Note: *'Seems that the starting Hume levels don't matter to SCP-9024.'* |
‎ 

| **Trial 3:** A wooden stick, 70 cm long, with Hume level artificially increased by Dr. Nu prior to introduction to SCP-9024. |
| --- |
| **Result:** Same as Test 2. Drop in Hume measurements in test object were of same intensity. |
| Note: N/A |
‎ 

| **Trial 4:** A wooden stick, 70 cm long. Dr. Amofah was instructed to try and retract the object after introduction to SCP-9024. |
| --- |
| **Result:** Object continued to break down after removal from SCP-9024, and was still absorbed by the anomaly. |
| Note: *'If this thing were like a black hole, the object would become unretrievable the moment it crossed the event horizon. Maybe it's more like a gravastar? A gravastar is a different kind of a black hole that has a shell of exotic matter instead of an event horizon'* |
‎ 

| **Trial 5:** A steel ball, thaumaturgically altered to have a virtual mass of 9024 tons. Alterations to virtual mass allow the object to manipulated as if it had its original mass. Conducted interferometry in conjunction with object introduction. |
| --- |
| **Result:** No noticeable change in interferometry measurements. SCP-9024 still appears to produce no apparent gravity. |
| Note: *'Appears to delete energy, violating numerous physical laws.'* |
‎ 

---

> **SCP-9024 Research Log 5** - Entered by Dr. Nu

> Site-99 | 2312 EST | 9/4/2001

> 

> Note: *'Discussion of recent tests'*

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** So, feels like those tests made more questions than answers.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** I could try putting a thaumaturgical seal on it, see what that does.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** So an SRA would kill us all, but a thaumaturgical seal is fine?

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** A thaumaturgical seal just creates a channel to sink Akiva radiation into. 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** And what exactly would that even do for us?

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** I'm just brainstorming, Lenore.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Guys, guys. I think we've all had an annoyingly unproductive day. I'll make the progress report and file away all the other stuff, you guys can head home.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Gotcha, I'm outta here.

> 

> <Dr. Amofah leaves the room after struggling with the door. Exasperated, he finds an object and fashions it into a doorstopper for the door.>

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** You sure you don't want any help with the progress report, Abe?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** No, I'm fine with the reports. I'm just writing down what happened, I don't have to be creative.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Okay, see you later Abe.

> 

> <Dr. Celentano exits. Dr. Nu stays for approx. 3 hours to file relevant paperwork and submissions> 

> 

> *End log*

---

> **SCP-9024 Progress Report** - Entered by Dr. Nu

> 

> Initial experimentation with SCP-9024 can be considered both a success and a failure. We've identified further qualities of the object, but those create more questions than answers. It produces no gravity, has a Hume level of 0, and has a negative Akiva radiation measurement. The Hume level in particular suggests that SCP-9024 maintains a sort-of 'non-existence.'

> 

> Current containment procedures appear to be sufficient for long-term isolation of object. It shows no activity, and has not moved in response to current tests. Object did not increase in size even with introduction of multiple sources of mass, suggesting it will maintain its current size even while absorbing ambient atmospheric particles. 

> 

> As for conjecture about the object itself, I'm don't know. It's a black ball that doesn't exist, and objects that touch it appear to get removed from existence. Perhaps its something like a shadow, or an undefined error from mathematics. Regardless, I don't see how further testing would produce useful results. I suggest that this object is remanded to permanent containment under current containment procedures. 

> 

> Note from SCP-9024 Research Supervisor Dr. Monroe: *'You will be continuing testing on SCP-9024, Dr. Nu.'*

> 

---

> **SCP-9024 Research Log 7** - Entered by Dr. Celentano

> Site-99| 0915 EST | 9/6/2001

> 

> Note: *'Testing day cancelled due to researcher absence.'*

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** This time Mike's late, huh?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Yeah. If he doesn't show up soon, we might have to cancel.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** We can wait a bit longer for him.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Yeah, that's only fair.

> 

> <Dr. Celentano and Dr. Nu wait in silence for a brief period.>

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** You never did tell me how you got hired by the Foundation in the first place.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Oh, it's nothing exceptional.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** That makes me want to know even more. Almost all the researchers here are exceptional.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Well, I was scouted.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** We all were. What project of yours put you on their radar? 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Oh, it wasn't my project. I was just on the same team. 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Hm?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** It was a college research project. I didn't really do anything, I was just sort of there helping out. All our names had pretty much the same billing on it, though.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** What was it about? 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** We actually stumbled upon an anomalous item. Not an SCP, but one of the ones that would go in that catalogue. We ended up doing a ton of tests on it, and the project turned out very interesting. 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** And you weren't amnesticized? 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Well, the Foundation seized our work, obviously. But it seems like they were very impressed by it, since all four of us got an invitation to work at the Foundation.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Really?! Where can I meet the others?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Well...they did inform us of the risks that we would be taking if we were employed here. I ended up being the only one that agreed, the other guys thought it was too much trouble. 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Oh. Why did you accept the offer?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I thought it would be cool. I really enjoyed our project on that anomalous item. I thought that if I worked at the Foundation, I'd get to see more things like it.

> 

> <Dr. Celentano smiles.>

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Well, you got your wish, didn't you? 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Yeah, but I kinda wish they would stop trying to promote me. I'm perfectly fine just peeking into other projects and giving feedback. I don't need to be someone special.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Abe. I would kill in more ways that one to get promoted to Level 3. 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I have tried to nominate you instead of me, but they weren't really listening.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Thanks for that.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Yeah.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** You are very talented, though, Abe. I bet you'd do fine with one of these if you just put your mind to it.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I know. It's just...I don't know. I can't get it going. I can't go the distance.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** But you seem to be so interested in the anomalous. Wouldn't documenting one yourself be a match made in heaven for you?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I don't know. 

> 

> <Dr. Nu leans back in his chair.>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Maybe I'm a parasite.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** A parasite?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I just like seeing what other people do. I don't need to be the one doing, if that makes sense. 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Have you ever given it a fair shake? Maybe you'd like it more than you'd think.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Lena, you know how many times they've tried promoting me. I really do try to get into it. I spend a couple weeks on it, it starts going nowhere, and then I just lose all confidence with the project. 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Yeah...you kinda do...

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** The worst part is that I feel like I let people down. The people who gave me feedback and peer review, the people who helped me out with it, I feel like I just wasted all their time. Time they could've spent on more productive things. 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** You know that's not true.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** It's true to me. I'm just not gonna put myself in that position to start with. 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Well, how about this? Mike and I could handle the tests for this one, and you do what you do best and observe. Does that sound good? 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** ...You're the best.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Yes I am. Now, let's get out of here. I don't think Mike's showing up.

> 

> <Dr. Celentano and Dr. Nu leave the room.>

> 

> *End log*

> 

---

> **Special Meeting** - Entered by Dr. Monroe

> Site-99 | 1000 EST | 9/9/2001

> 

> Note: *'Nu performance meeting'*

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** Good morning, Abe.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Good morning.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** So, do you know why I set up this meeting? 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** To give me a lecture?

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** Bingo! See? You're a smart guy.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** ...

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** Look, Abe. I know that you're capable of much more than what's expected of a Level 2 Researcher.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I need you to explain to me why you think that.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** Well, Abe, you're one of our top Level 2 Researchers. Anyone who's worked with you at that level had nothing but praise for your work ethic. Furthermore, it really does seem like you'd thrive as a Level 3 Researcher. That's the level where you get to take charge of the anomaly. I thought you'd love doing that.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** It's not that I don't like that part. It's just...all the other parts. The peer review, the constant revising, the pressure.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** The pressure?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Yeah. What if someone thinks that one of my tests is bad?

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** Well...that's just their opinion.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** But what if the test is, like, objectively bad? What if I waste everyone's time?

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** So you're scared of messing up. We've all been there, but the key is to just--

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I'm not scared of messing up. I'm just...I don't want to spend time on something that might not go anywhere.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** Abe, I hate to break it to you, but that's what science is. Do you even like working here?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Of course I do! I very much enjoy being a Level 2 Researcher.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** What exactly do you like about the Foundation? The salary? Your coworkers?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** ...I like the anomalies.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** You like the anomalies?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Yes.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** So, you like the anomalies, but just don't like all the protocols and bureaucracy that results in them being secured, contained, and protected?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** ...That's not a very charitable way to put it.

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** But is it wrong?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** ...

> 

> **Dr. Monroe:** Well, Abe, I tried. It's clear that you don't have the ambition necessary to be a Level 3 Researcher. I will stop nominating you for promotion moving forward. 

> 

> *End log*

> 

---

> **SCP-9024 Research Log 8** - Entered by Dr. Nu

> Site-99 | 1854 EST | 9/9/2001 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Hey...uhh...this is...Dr. Nu. I'm doing some more testing on SCP-9024...by myself. 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I don't think this is technically even allowed, but I kinda want to surprise Lena and Mike with some actual progress tomorrow. 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Make them a bit more confident...in my leadership abilities. Maybe make her think I'm cool. Maybe make them think I'm cool, I should say. 

> 

> <Dr. Nu shuffles around some papers>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** So...I'm going to using some ontology on this sucker. 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Our working theory is that it doesn't exist...so using ontology, which is the study of existence, might actually bear some fruit. 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I only minored in ontology during the Foundation curriculum, though, so I might be in over my head.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I can definitely check for some ontological jointsAn ontological joint is an objective marker for existence. Existence is made up of subatomic particles, and those particles form objects through ontological joints, though. 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** That should...at least tell us definitively whether it exists or not. 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I'm expecting to see no joints, which might mean that this could be some fucked up new particle or something.

> 

| SCP-9024 - Ontological Joint Measurement |
| --- |
| **Expected result** | 0 joints | **Result** | 1 joint |
| Note: N/A |
> **Dr. Nu:** So it does have a joint? No, no, that doesn't make a lick of sense. I'm trying the test again.

| SCP-9024 - Ontological Joint Measurement |
| --- |
| **Expected result** | 0 joints | **Result** | 1 joint |
| Note: N/A |
> **Dr. Nu:** Okay, cool. I guess it does exist. Now I've gotta see if they're any other joints.

| SCP-9024 - Ontological Joint Measurement |
| --- |
| **Expected result** | 1 joints | **Result** | 0 joint |
| Note: N/A |
> **Dr. Nu:** Now it doesn't have a joint? Is it fucking with me? Did it wait until I was the only person in the room so that it could fuck with me?

> 

> <Dr. Nu proceeds to repeat the same test for approx. 8 hours, receiving effectively random results each time, becoming increasingly agitated. At 0908 EST 9/10/2001, Dr. Celentano and Dr. Amofah arrive at the conference room.>

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Hey, Abe, you're here early.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Hey guys...

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Oh my god! Abe, have you been here all night?!

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** More or less, yeah...I was trying to check for ontological joints. There shouldn't be any, but then there was, then there wasn't. It's like it's purposefully taunting me.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Dude, you look like shit. You need to take a nap or something.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I'm so close to finally cracking this though...I've gotta crack it...

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Abe, seriously, Mike's right. You've been up all night, you need to get some rest. Mike and I can handle the research today like I said we would, alright? 

> 

> <Dr. Nu mutters to himself before slumping back onto the table. Dr. Celentano and Dr. Amofah step away.>

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** What the hell do you mean, 'Like I said we would'?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** I had a chat with Abe the other day. He's been pretty stressed about this, so I suggested that we could handle doing the tests and he could just, sort of, watch and file the reports. 

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Is he even qualified to do stuff like this? This whole thing has been a trainwreck so far. 

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** He's more than qualified! He just...gets discouraged very easily.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Imagine if this were a more dangerous anomaly. Something Euclid that knows how to bide its time. We'd all be dead by now!

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Dr. Monroe knows to not put Abe on those sorts of projects. We're all still here, aren't we? Even though this thing is some kind of non-existent black hole?

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** That's my whole damn point. This thing could be serious trouble! And he's over here doing his onto-whatever on it without even consulting with us!

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** I think he was just trying to do something nice...

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Nice, my ass. He's just insecure.

> 

> <Dr. Amofah walks back towards the table. He picks up a piece of paper angrily.>

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Hey! Be quiet!

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** What did he even say it was doing? Turning on and off, or coming in and out of existence? 

> 

> <Dr. Nu perks up.>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Hey, Lena, what was the Kant counter's cycle interval set to when we took our Hume measurements?

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Uh, it was set to c/0.5s, the standard setting.

> 

> <Dr. Nu looks up at the ceiling.> 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Let's try it with the highest setting we can put it to.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Wait, why?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** I think I know what this thing is doing. 

> 

> *End log*

---

| SCP-9024 - High Interval Hume Measurement |
| --- |
| **Performed by** |  |  | Dr. Abraham Nu |
| **Test Outline** |  |  | Conduct a Hume measurement of SCP-9024 with a Kant counter set to a cycle interval of c/0.0001s, allowing for ~9024 Hume readings to be taken per second. Kant counter is connected to Dr. Celentano's laptop to allow automatic averaging of data. |
| **Expected result** | N/A | **Result** | Averages range from 0Hms to [REDACTED]Hms |
| Note: *'SCP-9024's Hume measurement fluctuates wildly.'* |
> 

> **Dr. Nu:** So there we have it. 

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** I don't get it. 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** The Hume level is wildly erratic, jumping to a random value every hundredth of a second. This destabilizes the reality of whatever touches it, sucking it in like a black hole.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** But what does that mean in the grand scheme of things? What are we looking at? 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** We're looking at something that doesn't exist **yet.**

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Yet?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Yes, it both does and does not exist. Like an undefined error in mathematics. I think it's something that didn't spawn in correctly, like a quantum fluctuation.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Freaky.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Yeah, my only issue is the negative Akiva radiation. I don't see how that plays into this. 

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Well, Akiva radiation is all about belief. If SCP-9024 doesn't exist yet, then it would still need to be created. Hence the negative value.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Noted.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** So, what happens to the objects that touch SCP-9024?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Well, their Hume level gets radically altered by it, though they technically should be able to exert some kind of control over it. Maybe it's waiting for the right object to stabilize itself and finally come into existence.

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** So...I guess we should put one of those anchors around it after all.

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** What? 

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Don't those anchors stabilize it?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** ...No. That's just too risky. We don't know how it might react to it.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Abe, the SRAs have failsafes. If they're unable to alter the Hume level, then they'll shut off. At worst, they'll just blow up. If they do stabilize its Hume level, maybe we could get some more data on it. 

> 

> <Dr. Nu rubs his eyes.>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Alright, alright, fine. Shut the door though, I don't want anyone to hear if the anchor explodes.

> 

> <A Scranton Reality Anchor is brought into the conference room, and the door is shut behind it.>

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** Why are we putting it in here? Shouldn't it go in the containment chamber?

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Won't fit without crossing the 5 meter threshold from the containment procedures.

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** So, who's taking the notes? 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Let's worry about that after we do the test.

> 

> <Dr. Celentano runs a final check on the Scranton Reality Anchor, and Dr. Nu prepares to turn it on.> 

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** Okay, turning on the SRA in 3...2...1...

> 

> <Dr. Nu turns on the Scranton Reality Anchor. SCP-9024 immediately starts growing in size, quickly breaching its containment chamber.>

> 

> **Dr. Celentano:** Oh my god! It's...!

> 

> <The group immediately tries to evacuate. Dr. Amofah attempts to open the door, but it gets stuck.> 

> 

> **Dr. Amofah:** SHIT!

> 

> <Dr. Nu turns around, seeing the anomaly nearly engulf the group.>

> 

> **Dr. Nu:** NO!

> 

> <Dr. Nu outstretches his arms in an attempt to stop the anomaly. His arms sink into SCP-9024, and **~~ittttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt~~**

> 

*Let’s just start from scratch*

I wake up with a start. I’m in my bed in residences, and I feel tired eyes staring at me, as if through a thick pane of glass. I hear a knock at my door, and then I hear Lena’s voice.

*Abe, come on! Deadline’s coming up!*

I walk to the door, hearing the clacking of keys somewhere distant as I walk. She’s already walking away as I open the door.

*I can’t believe it took you this long.*

I follow closely behind her, my scrambled mind settling back into routine. We enter the conference room, and we both sit down. She looks down at a paper on the desk. I cross my arms, practically hugging myself as I stare blankly at my feet.

*Is something wrong?*

I twirl my finger above my head. 

“So...is this worldwide? Or is it just me?”

*What do you mean?*

“Look, being...resistant to a promotion doesn’t mean I’m an idiot. I’ve worked in the Department of Alchemy for almost 9 years now, do you think I wouldn't notice something like this?”

Lena turns towards me. There is a circular void where her face should be.

*You say that as if it means anything.*

“So, is this a ZK? Did I cause a ZK?”

*Maybe, maybe not. It depends on your outlook.*

I curl my lip.

“I’m not a fan of riddles.”

*What’s the core tenant of thaumaturgy?*

“I’m not from the thaumaturgical department.”

*But you still know it, don’t you? I’m sure you’ve read a file that mentions it.*

“...The part affects the whole.”

*You’re in charge now, of the whole thing.*

I rub my eyes.

“No, that can’t be right...so I’m god now?”

*Not really. There are thousands that are just as powerful as you.*

“That doesn’t make any sense.”

*It’ll make sense to some of them.*

“Are you SCP-9024?”

*Maybe, maybe not.*

“What does that even mean?”

*I am potential.*

“Potential?”

*Yes. My existence relies on you.*

I feel a lump form in my throat.

“No, no. You’re gonna have to rely on someone else. I’m not cut out for stuff like that.”

*You’re the only one that can create me.*

“Nope. You’re talking to the wrong guy. This is way beyond me.”

I adjust my posture in my chair, discovering that it’s gone, and that I’m now floating in a dark void. I see two stars in the distance, which blink and look away from me.

*Hey! That was pretty cool.*

“...Okay?”

*Let’s see what else you got.*

A whale breaches from a distant nebula. I swat away binoculars that were held up to my eyes.

*You don’t want to look at it?*

“I don’t--I don’t give a shit about any of this.”

*I’m sure you’ve got some winners in here somewhere.*

A bag of sugar floats past me. There’s a blood stain on it. I hear a voice inside it say, “Help! I’m trapped in the sugar bag!”. It rustles and burps. 

A gunshot startles me. I turn around and see a man standing over his wife's hospital bed in the distance. He wipes his eyes and tosses the gun away.

I then see a laptop. It looks like some dude’s livestream is open, and he starts rambling:

> "Thoughts on SCP-055?" That’s the one you can’t remember, right? [he looks to the side of his monitor] "You can remember it, but you just can’t remember anything about it." That sort of seems like two explanations for the same thing. I don’t know, I think it’s neat, but I’m sort of looking for a bit more Contain in my Secure Contain Protect, if I’m being honest. Damn, man, that jump is kicking my ass. [he looks to the side of his monitor] "-2, -2, -2," okay! Look! I know a lot of you are like ‘oh the new articles don’t hit anymore’! First of all, I bet half of you weren’t even alive when 055 was written, let alone old enough to give thoughtful critique. I was made, like, 10 years before 055 was made. So I’m unc, and 055 is nephew. So don’t you go talking about how much better the old articles were when--

He continues rambling for at least 9 more minutes. I close the laptop.

“What the hell was he talking about?”

*Okay, that one might be a bit niche. How about one of the first ones you had?*

A katana materializes in my hands. I partially unsheathe it, seeing a reflection of my eyes in the blade. The reflection looks unhappy. I sheathe it.

“You still haven’t told me what you’re doing right now.”

*This is all you, bud.*

“...”

*Okay, look. You’ve got a lot of ideas in your head.*

“...sure?”

*I just don’t see why you want to keep them in your head.*

“Yeah, no, I’m not doing this.”

*Why?*

“It’s the same cycle every time. I get excited about it, work on something for 2 weeks, my fixation goes elsewhere, and then it never gets completed. And then the ball of regret chained to my ankle gets heavier and heavier. I’m not bothering with it anymore.”

*That sounds like a quitter mindset.*

“Then I’m a quitter! I'm fine with being a quitter!”

*...*

"..."

*You’re wrong about the cycle. There is no cycle. There’s only a pattern.*

“A pattern?”

*The pattern is woven by countless individuals. The pattern does not need you. But isn’t that all the more reason to contribute to it anyways? To make sure you’re remembered in some small yet meaningful way?*

“That’s...that’s nice and poetic, but I still don't really care.”

*If you didn't care, then we wouldn’t be here.*

I sigh loudly.

“I...understand where you’re coming from. About the pattern. But I’m worried about...ruining it. I’m worried about adding a little notch that just feels out of place. I’d rather admire it from a distance.”

*But think about how cool it would be to make your own mark on the pattern.*

“I’m not egotistical enough to think that.”

*But you wrote it.*

“Get bent.”

*It feels like you’re spending a lot more energy avoiding this than you would spend if you just sat down and did it.*

“Well, maybe I just don’t enjoy staring at a blank page and feeling like I’m an idiot.”

*Do you know how to walk?*

“Wait, what?”

*Do you know how to walk? It’s just putting one foot in front of the other, right?*

“Yeah?”

*Just try putting one word in front of the other.*

“Uh, I’ve kinda been doing that this whole time.”

Oh.

<details>
<summary>+ See finalized containment procedures?</summary>

**Item #:** SCP-9024

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9024 has been reclassified to Neutralized as of 9/19/2001. Containment of the anomaly is no longer necessary. This document is to be maintained for archival purposes. Contact Level 4 Research Dr. Douglas Monroe for questions regarding this document.

**Description:** SCP-9024 was a hovering black sphere that spontaneously appeared 9 miles northeast of Site-99 on 8/22/2001. SCP-9024 had a diameter of 19cm, hovered 1.7 meters off the ground, and was immobile. SCP-9024 had a wildly fluctuating Hume level and a negative Akiva radiation level. Objects that made contact with SCP-9024 would break down and get absorbed by the anomaly, presumably getting destroyed in a manner that contradicts the First Law of Thermodynamics. Notably, this effect also applied to objects that were connected when they made contact with SCP-9024. For example, if a human subject were to touch SCP-9024 with a stick, both the human and the stick would get absorbed by SCP-9024. 

SCP-9024 was destroyed on 9/19/2001 when a Scranton Reality Anchor was deployed by Level 3 Researcher Dr. Abraham Nu in an attempt to stabilize the anomaly’s Hume level. No disciplinary action was taken in response. Attached addenda include research materials produced during study of SCP-9024.

**Addendum:**

Hey, that wasn't so hard.

</details>

‎ 

<< [SCP-9023](SCP-9023) | SCP-9024 | [SCP-9025](SCP-9025) >>
