---

## Special Containment Procedures

All samples of SCP-9226 are to be kept at Site-101's conservatory, in Anomalous Botanical Containment Garden K4 (see Document-9226-31 for detailed cultivation and maintnence requirements). All research personnel are to wear phytohazard protective equipment when working with or near SCP-9226. Special attention is to be taken to avoid exposure to SCP-9226 by Foundation staff who have:

* been involved in testing and/or containing humanoid anomalies.

* been involved in testing with or managing D-Class personnel.

* killed or significantly harmed other humans or humanoid entities.

**Updated Containment Procedures:** Following Incident 9226-2024, access to SCP-9226 is to be strictly limited to experiments authorized by Assistant Director Alina or personnel of higher rank. All persons and items leaving Containment Garden K4 are to undergo scanning for traces of SCP-9226 as part of routine bio-hazard detection.

---

## Description

SCP-9226 is a species of flowering plant belonging to a monotypical genus in the family Asteraceae. Sunflowers and relatives.  It grows as a herbaceous vine-like shrub measuring approximately 50 cm (20 in) in height at full maturity. It produces inflorescent amber-fuchsia flowers which it uses to attract its primary pollinator, *Eurycotis floridana*. Floridian giant flying cockroach. 

The seeds of SCP-9226 are normally inedible and toxic due to high concentrations of non-anomalous toxins which may be neutralized through boiling, drying, and fermenting.

SCP-9226 has a poorly understood but highly potent psychoactive effect. In addition to visceral sensory hallucinations, test subjects report total overriding of the psyche, including changes to emotional state, sensitivity to stimuli, phobias, pathological conditions, and resistance to memetic hazards. These symptoms are believed to be manifestations of direct implantation of a foreign consciousness. Symptoms typically manifest within ten minutes of exposure, and subside within one hour.

In all testing of the effects of SCP-9226 consumption, the psychotic episode appears to highlight some event in the subject's past in which their actions led to some heightened emotional state in another human (or anomalous humanoid) party. Based on λ-wave readings, SCP-9226 is believed to posses a parapsychic component, drawing on actual memories of other persons. No active compound responsible for SCP-9226's effects has been isolated.

**Discovery:** SCP-9226 is believed to be endemic only to a thin stretch of land measuring 13 hectares (32 acres) roughly corresponding to the southern portion of ██████ State Park near █████, Florida. It was first discovered by Foundation personnel in 2023 being cultivated and used by a local commune primarily for sexual gratification.

---

## Addenda

### Addendum 9226-01: Experiment Log 9226-A

**Subject:** D-98203

**Dosage:** 1000mg

**Manner of Consumption:** Direct ingestion of 20 (twenty) SCP-9226 seeds, chewed.

**Result:** Approximately 2 minutes and 30 seconds after consuming SCP-9226, subject began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Emesis documented after 6 minutes and 30 seconds. Approximately 11 minutes after consumption, subject began violently convulsing. At 17 minutes and 30 seconds after ingestion, subject began bleeding profusely from ████████. Subject expired approximately 26 minutes and 30 seconds after consuming SCP-9226.

***Notes:** Outcome expected and appears to confirm prior toxicological analysis, though further testing may be necessary to rigorously verify these results. - Dr. Schmidt*

---

**Subject:** D-98394

**Dosage:** 500mg

**Manner of Consumption:** Ingestion of processed sample dissolved in water.

**Result:** Approximately 3 minutes and 15 seconds after consuming SCP-9226, subject began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Period of psychosis lasted 43 minutes. A transcript of the follow-up interview conducted by Dr. María Rodriguez is provided below:

> 

> 

> **{Begin Log}**

> 

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: Good afternoon, D-98394.

> 

> D-98394: Afternoon, doc.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: How are you feeling?

> 

> D-98394: Good, I think.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: Do you know why we're here?

> 

> D-98394: You want a trip report?

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: In a sense. We'll begin with the sensory hallucinations. What visual stimuli do you recall?

> 

> *[D-98394 pauses for several seconds.]*

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: What did you see?

> 

> D-98394: I know what "visual stimuli" are. We aren't all [EXPLETIVE EXPUNGED]s, you know. Its just... I don't know how to describe it. It wasn't... I didn't see a *thing*.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: There were no visual hallucinations?

> 

> D-98394: There were, there were shapes, lines, maybe colors. It meant something, but it wasn't an object or a place or a person.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: Interesting, are you familiar with Rorschach tests?

> 

> D-98394: Like those things shrinks use? No, it wasn't like that. Almost the opposite maybe? Like an idea turned into a picture. Not a picture *of* the idea. It was more raw.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: Fascinating, and the auditory-

> 

> D-98394: That also, and touch The technical term would be *tactile*.  hallucinations too. It felt, I don't know, *visceral*?

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: I think I know what you're trying to get at, something like a memep- well I guess that's above your pay grade.

> 

> D-98394: We don't get paid.

> 

> *[Dr. Rodriguez appears to chuckle.]*

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: During the episode, neural scans and lambda topography show a major spike in activity in your frontal cortex and limbic system. We also detected increased dopamine and sereto-

> 

> D-98394: You're asking how I felt? I figure since you're talking about the brain and hormones [sic] and all.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: Yes.

> 

> *[D-98394 pauses for for multiple seconds.]*

> 

> D-98394: I felt-, I felt good, better than I've felt in a while. It was like for a moment I was able to float away from... from here. To remember *what I did*, *who I was*, before becoming 18394.

> 

> *[No speech is audible for approximately 15 seconds, D-98394 appears to shake her head subtly and mumble to herself.]*

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: So far you've described abstract phenomena, previous records suggest hallucinations center on specific experiences-

> 

> D-98394: It was his birthday party.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: Pardon?

> 

> D-98394: It was my son's birthday party. He was six I think. It was the happiest I think I've ever seen him.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: I'm not sure if I understand.

> 

> D-98394: You know how I've been saying it felt like I was holding an idea. It was his birthday party. It wasn't - I didn't see it, but I could feel it and what I saw was the feeling. I felt... I felt happy, giddy, content. I knew I wasn't him, but what I felt, I think it was him. I wonder where he is now. He should be, I don't know... I don't... why don't I know how old he is?

> 

>  *[D-98394 begins to appear visibly distressed.]*

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: This interview session will need to end soon. I have a meeting with Dr. Rapa-, with someone important at 15:30. 

> 

> D-98394: I would like to volunteer again.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: Excuse me?

> 

> D-98394: I... I volunteered for this experiment, to be the subject. I'd like to do so again.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: I wasn't aware, I'll take that into consideration. Did you have any knowledge of SCP-9226 prior to the study?

> 

> D-98394: Not much, but after what happened to Adib, I volunteered to be next.

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: Adib?

> 

> D-98394: His tag was 98203. He was a friend of mine. He was a veteran, and helped a lot of the newbies get acclimated, you know- what blacksuits A colloquial name for Foundation security personnel among D-class at Site-101, based on the color of their uniforms.  to avoid, what slop at the canteen was edible, what to do and not do. 

> 

> *[No speech is audible for approximately 10 seconds.]*

> 

> D-98394: After the autopsy, I was assigned to help cremate him. You know, he was Muslim, pretty devout too. Most of them don't believe in cremation I don't think. I know he always hated being assigned to that job. I tried to bring it up, ask if they could send his parts back to his family or at least let us give him a decent burial, but, well, you know...

> 

> Dr. Rodriguez: I- I'm sorry.

> 

> D-98394: Accidents happen I guess, I just think, with all the research equipment and shit you guys have here, couldn't you have detected it was toxic before?

> 

> 

> **{End Log}**

> 

> 

***Notes:** SCP-9226 mind-altering abilities may possibly enable direct perception and visualization of psyches. This could be revolutionary in the study of socio-cognitive memeplexes. I strongly suggest continued research into its effects. - Dr. Rodriguez*

---

**Subject:** D-98394

**Dosage:** 500mg

**Manner of Consumption:** Ingestion as additive in standard ration.

**Result:** Approximately 5 minutes and 30 seconds after consuming SCP-9226, subject began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Period of psychosis lasted 37 minutes. Subject reported encountering what is believed to be a visualized psychospace of her wedding as perceived by her husband (D-99312). Subject reported feeling content during the episode. Neurochemical scans show a dramatic elevation in dopamine and norepinephrine concentrations.

***Notes:** SCP-9226 may be of interest for the Foundation's psychiatric research and development initiative, though I imagine the use of an anomaly to develop medication might be controversial. I've put forward a request for access to Site-88's λ-Wave Neurological Imager for more intensive research. - Dr. Rodriguez*

---

**Subject:** D-98248

**Dosage:** 300mg

**Manner of Consumption:** Intravenous injection following refusal to ingest SCP-9226 orally.

**Result:** Approximately 4 minutes and 45 seconds after consuming SCP-9226, subject began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Period of psychosis lasted 24 minutes. Subject showed signs of significant emotional distress and fear, with symptoms including tremors and sweating. Heightened activity was detected in the subject's amygdala, frontal cortex, and hypothalamus. 

Follow-up interview was short and of limited informative value. Subject refused to disclose the nature of his hallucination. When it was noted that the subject's verbalizations during the event closely match audio record of an armed robbery he was convicted of in 2001, subject became agitated. Enhanced interrogation suggested, but not performed due to time-constraints.

***Notes:** As suspected, the focus of SCP-9226 induced hallucinations need not be a positive memory, only an emotional one. Further investigation using D-Class subjects who are believed to have committed  violent offenses is recommended. - Dr. Cole*

---

**Subject:** D-98394

**Dosage:** 425mg

**Manner of Consumption:** Ingestion of aerosolized particles following combustion.

**Result:** Approximately 11 minutes and 30 seconds after consuming SCP-9226, subject began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Period of psychosis lasted 53 minutes. Subject displayed physical, neurological, and hormonal symptoms consistent with sexual intercourse. Upon recovery, subject was initially hesitant to disclose the nature of the hallucination, but eventually stated it was a sexual encounter she had with a previous lover.

***Notes:** Results not unexpected given the context in which SCP-9226 was discovered. Details of negligible scientific value have been redacted from this report at the request of D-98394. - Dr. Rodriguez*

---

**Subject:** D-98682

**Dosage:** 300mg

**Manner of Consumption:** Intravenous injection.

**Result:** Approximately 7 minutes and 15 seconds after consuming SCP-9226, subject began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Period of psychosis lasted 17 minutes. Through the duration of the episode, subject oscillated between screaming and lacrimation.

Although no physical damage to subject's body occurred, neurological signals consistent with burns, cuts, and amputation were detected through neural-imaging techniques. Subject had to be restrained after repeated attempts of self harm (specifically autoenucleation). Subject made 61 separate distress vocalizations throughout the event.

After the episode, subject appeared nearly catatonic and was not receptive to questioning. Following removal to his cell, security camera footage showed the subject crying for several hours before falling asleep.

Although a follow-up interview was not possible, based on D-98682's vocalizations and emotional response, it is believed that the subject of his hallucination was a previously described torture and execution he participated in as a member of ███████ in ███████, Ituri District, D.R. Congo. 

***Notes:** It appears that SCP-9226 is also capable of inducing "phantom pain" like symptoms. It may have applications in enhanced interrogation, although as it stands it does not seem more viable than any number of other technologies which we already posses. - Dr. Sanford*

---

**Subject:** D-97059

**Dosage:** 425mg

**Manner of Consumption:** Ingestion in pill form along with regularly administered medication.

**Result:** Approximately 6 minutes after consuming SCP-9226, subject began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Subject began showing signs of increasing physical distress with subject behavior and neural imaging indicating painful stimuli (believed to be abrasive wounds) appearing concentrated at the back. Subject repeatedly jolted as if receiving a discrete wound after intervals ranging from 5 to 15 seconds.

Subject's heart-rate began to rapidly elevate, reaching a peak of 140 bpm 13 minutes and 47 seconds after the start of the episode. Shortly after, subject went into circulatory pain-shock. Subject expired after 23 minutes and 19 seconds. A post exposure interview was not performed.

***Notes:** Death from purely psychogenic pain is rare but not unattested. Subject's termination may have been the result of his advanced age. While the exact event that was the subject of this hallucination is not known, it can be surmised from the reported symptoms and D-97059's profession prior to his Foundation service that it may have been a flogging.*

*While it is unlikely that the average person exposed to SCP-9226 would have similar reactions, in light of these results I recommend risk-class reclassification from 'notice' to 'caution' - Dr. Morrison*

---

**Subject:** D-98394

**Dosage:** 500mg

**Manner of Consumption:** Intravenous injection

**Result:** Subject administered Class-F ("Fugue") amnestics prior to study. Approximately 3 minutes and 15 seconds after consuming SCP-9226, subject began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Readings indicate heightened oxytocin, serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine levels.

In follow-up interview, subject claimed to have perceived an event which may be the same described in Interview 9226-A-01, although subject claimed not to understand the context behind the event. When asked about her son, subject claimed to have no knowledge of having any children, indicating that exposure to SCP-9226 cannot directly re-materialize amnesticized memories but can reference them.

***Notes:** These results combined with the available λ-Wave data and Ψ-lepton detection strongly indicate that SCP-9226 has a true parapsychic component and does not rely on the memories of its consumer. This research in tandem with other studies further implies SCP-9226 is capable of interacting with memories of deceased persons. - Dr. Nakajima*

---

### Incident Report 9226-2024

On ██/██/2024, A containment breach of SCP-9226 occurred when a large volume of processed SCP-9226 seeds were aeresolized and released throughout Site-101's Delta-Annex cafeteria. Within minutes, personnel began showing signs consistent with exposure to SCP-9226 and its psychoactive effects.

Although some individuals described their experience with SCP-9226 as positive, numerous staff experienced highly distressing hallucinations (for a full list of incidents, see After Action Report Compilation 9226-2024-03):

---

**Subject:** Jr. Chef Adam Nguyen

**Result:** Approximately 3 minutes after SCP-9226 was detected, Nguyen began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. He initially reported extreme gastrointestinal pain. Shortly after intoxication, Nguyen collapsed to the floor and began to vomit profusely and make audible sounds of distress. This state continued for over 30 minutes. At one point, he requested termination (which was not granted).

Chef Nguyen later speculated this event may be related to an incident at Site-19 involving SCP-████.

---

**Subject:** Dr. Julia Schmidt

**Result:** Approximately 4 minutes and 15 seconds after SCP-9226 was detected, Dr. Schmidt began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Dr. Schmidt began to vomited profusely after 7 minutes and 15 seconds. Dr. Schmidt gradually lost motor control, possibly due to extreme pain, collapsing after 12 minutes after displaying symptoms. Dr. Schmidt unfortunately expired due to aspiration shortly after.

---

**Subject:** Research Technician Timothy Carter

**Result:** Approximately 5 minutes after SCP-9226 was detected, Technician Carter began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Carter reported physical stimuli consistent with puncture wounds concentrated in the lower abdomen. Carter identified the source of the phantom wounds to be a ████████████ as used in research involving the abilities of SCP-████.

Carter later cited Incident 9226-2024 as a motivating factor in his proposal to suspend █████ testing on SCP-████, claiming in a meeting with Dr. █████ that "The potential scientific gain from this research does not match the suffering we are causing her [sic]." He was eventually granted a transfer to SCP-█████.

***Notes:** Incident 9226-2024 has had a marked impact on personnel attitudes to certain projects (especially involving ██████ and ████████). I'm not sure if morale can stand another containment breach. I know SCP-9226 is for all intents and purposes safe, but I strongly recommend stricter containment procedures - Dr. Abi*

---

**Subject:** Dr. Quincy Koleman

**Result:** Approximately 4 minutes and 30 seconds after SCP-9226 was detected, Dr. Koleman began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Dr. Koleman later described feeling the sudden onset of "a primal and overbearing fear" followed by repeated painful stimuli which he identified as puncture wounds. Dr. Koleman stated in an after-action report that he believed he had "experienced" the termination of D-63448 in a test involving SCP-████.

In the aftermath of the incident, Dr. Koleman has suspended all human testing involving SCP-████ and "non-essential" human testing with Anomalous Item ███, and is believed to have also persuaded Sr. Researcher Kigale to revise containment procedures involving SCP-████ to reduce D-Class mortality risk.

---

**Subject:** Security Officer ████ ██████ .

**Result:** Approximately 6 minutes and 45 seconds after SCP-9226 was detected, Officer ██████ began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Officer ██████ began ██ ███, █████ █ █████ ████████, ███ ████ ██████ consistent with ████████ ██████ ██████ ███████. In the aftermath of the incident, Officer ██████ displayed signs of ██████████, and later confessed that she believed the subject of her hallucination was a ████████████ ███████ █████████ ███████ D-█████ which was upon review ███████████ █████ ███ ███████.

Officer ██████ was reprimanded and required to attend monthly counseling sessions and submit a formal apology to D-█████, although this order was rescinded after it had been revealed that D-█████ had already been terminated for non-compliance due to repeatedly ███████ ██ █████ ███ ████ in the weeks following the incident.

***Notes:** Whats the point of asking for the results of our investigation if you're just going to let █████ take a shit on the write-up? None of the information we provided is related to restricted access material, and is in no way hazardous except in that it demonstrates that █████████ let ████████████████████ happen under their watch. Fuck off. - Internal Affairs Investigator Nevaeh Stevens*

---

**Subject:** Jr. Researcher Alex Valentino

**Result:** Approximately 7 minutes after SCP-9226 was detected, Researcher Valentino began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. In an after-action report, he recounted experiencing an extreme pain which he identified as the sensation of systemic mycosis as experienced in the middle-stage of SCP-█████ infection.

---

**Subject:** Dr. Joseph Nakajima

**Result**: Surveillance footage does not indicate a discrete point in time at which Dr. Nakajima began displaying signs of altered state of consciousness. Dr. Nakajima showed signs of lethargy, depression, and extreme confusion which persisted for approximately 50 minutes. When later interview, Dr. Nakajima claimed not to know what the nature of his hallucination was.

---

Though initially assumed to be the result of extreme negligence by research and/or containment staff, the source of the containment breach was eventually discovered to be an improvised oversized hydrostatic aeration device Commonly referred to as a *bong*.  constructed by Dr. María Rodriguez. Dr. Rodriguez terminated herself shortly before security personnel arrived to detain her. 

It is unclear at this time what her motivations for triggering the containment breach or ending her own life were.

<< [SCP-9225](SCP-9225) | SCP-9226 | [SCP-9227](SCP-9227) >>

> **Filename:** Nepenthe%20Flower.png

> **Author:** xKiwiNova

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9226

> **Additional Notes:** Edited image of firewheel (G. pulchella), taken by author.

.redindent{

    border-left: solid 8px #D02020;

    padding: 0.5rem 2.5rem;

    margin: 0px;

}

.greenindent{

    border-left: solid 8px #20C060;

    padding: 0.5rem 2.5rem;

    margin: 0px;

}

.blueindent{

    border-left: solid 8px #10A0D0;

    padding: 0.5rem 2.5rem;

    margin: 0px;

}
