**Item #:** SCP-9329

**Object Class:** Starveling

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9329-2, -4, -5, -7, -10, -14, and -17 are kept in standard containment chambers. Instances of SCP-9329 are to be fed human flesh Corpses. once every two days to prevent starvation. Tracking chips have been implanted into the necks of each captured instance of SCP-9329 in order to identify them apart from humans. A minimum of 2m must be kept between personnel and instances of SCP-9329.For your own saftey.

**Description:** SCP-9329 is a species of humanoids that appear indistinguishable from humans. All examined instances of SCP-9329 exhibit specialized digestive tracts and are incapable of ingesting non-human foods, any attempts at eating non-human foodsAside from water and black coffee have resulted in severe nausea, vomiting, and involuntary muscle spasms. 

Instances have demonstrated physical capabilities substantially beyond human norms, including enhanced muscular strength, reaction speed, sensory acuity, and regenerative abilities. Some subjects have survived traumatic injuries that would ordinarily prove fatal to humans and have demonstrated accelerated tissue regeneration.

When subjected to great amounts of stress an instances scleraThe whites of the eye. may darken while the iris assumes a vivid blue pigment. Concurrently instances have exhibited the ability to grow a variety of appendages that vary considerably in morphology between instances and can resemble tendrils, tails, wings, or armored protrusions. These protrusions possess extreme tensile strength and may be employed as offensive weapons, defensive barriers, or locomotion aids. They have displayed hardness and cutting capabilities significantly exceeding those of steel while remaining highly flexible.

**Discovery:** SCP-9329 instances were first identified following a series of coordinated missing persons reports across Seattle, later traced to a single abandoned residence where multiple corpses were recovered. Later medical reports indicated that each body had been "cannibalized". Subsequent raids confirmed the presence of additional instances among the general population. Efforts are being made to contain the remaining instances.

<< [SCP-9328](SCP-9328) | SCP-9329 | [SCP-9330](SCP-9330) >>
