=====

=====

div.terminal{

    border: 1px solid black;

    border: solid 3px #BBBBBB;

    border-radius: 16px;

    background-color: #131;

    /* black shadow at the top of the terminal */

    background-image:

        radial-gradient(ellipse 1000% 100% at 50% 90%, transparent, #121);

    background-position: center;

    display: block;

    /* shadow around the terminal */

    box-shadow: inset 0 0 10em 1em rgba(0,0,0,0.5);

    /* prevents scanline from forming a scrollwheel */

    overflow:hidden;

}

div.terminal blockquote {

    background-color: black;

    border: double 3px #80FF80

}

div.scanline{

    margin-top: -40%;

    width: 100%;

    height: 60px;

    position: relative;

    pointer-events: none;

    /* Safari 4.0 - 8.0 */

    -webkit-animation: scan 12s linear 0s infinite; /* You may need to change this. If the bar goes by too quickly, increase 5s. */

    animation: scan 12s linear 0s infinite; /* Same as above */

    background: linear-gradient(to bottom, rgba(56, 112, 82,0), rgba(56, 112, 82,0.1)) !important;

}

div.text{

    color: rgba(128,255,128,0.8);

    padding-left: 2em;

    padding-top: 40%;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.2em;

}

/* Safari 4.0 - 8.0 */

@-webkit-keyframes scan{

    from{ transform: translateY(-10%);}

    to{  transform: translateY(5000%);} /* You may need to change this depending on the length of your terminal. If the scanline stops halfway, increase the second number.*/

}

@keyframes scan{

    from{ transform: translateY(-10%);}

    to{  transform: translateY(5000%);} /* Same as above.*/

}

div.text a {

    color: #90EE90;

    text-decoration: none;

    background: transparent;

}

div.text a.newpage {

    color: #90EE90;

    text-decoration: none;

    background: transparent;

}

div.text a:hover {

    color: #131;

    text-decoration: underline;

    background-color: #80FF80;

    padding: 1px;

}

div.text a:hover::before{

    content: "> ";

}

[!--

                                                                                                                END HEADER

 --]

**SCP-9886:** Ersatz

**Author:** 

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains depictions of body horror and a short mention of suicide.

 @@ @@

 **Terminal #762**

@@ @@

@@>@@ login johadley

Input Password:

@@> **************@@

Password Accepted. Welcome, Joseph.

@@>@@ openDocument SCP-9886

Opening SCP-9886. To view the document, select a version.

@@>@@ listVersions

Listing Versions of document: "SCP-9886"

- CLO-01

@@>@@ openVersion CLO-01

Opening version CLO-01...

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

[!--

                                                                                                                  CLO-01

--]

**Item #:** SCP-9886

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9886 is to be contained in an S-class humanoid containment cell at Site-234, and is to be perpetually sedated outside of testing. Any tests involving interaction between SCP-9886 and Dr. Joseph Hadley require approval from the Research Lead and the Site Director.

**Description:** SCP-9886 is an ersatz-class biological construct which superficially resembles Dr. Joseph Hadley, an employee of the Foundation stationed at Site-234. SCP-9886 is physically identical to Dr. Joseph Hadley, with the exception of several modifications:

* The epidermis of the subject is more elastic than that of a normal human, resulting in skin folds resembling the effects of cutis laxa. The skin also lacks many sensory neurons, including nocireceptors.

* Needle-like protrusions extend from the bones of the subject. These protrusions break through the skin of the subject in several locations around its body, including the hands, forearms, ribcage, and spine, and it has been observed using them as weaponry. The average bone density of the subject is also abnormally high, resulting in greater overall durability.

* The subject has displayed an anomalously rapid healing response; all observed flesh wounds have scarred in less than two seconds, and any skeletal damage has been repaired in less than four minutes.

SCP-9886 has never displayed any capacity for communication or emotion during containment. It has shown a singular focus on terminating Dr. Joseph Hadley, and has shown no interest in any activities except ones which would allow it to achieve that goal.

**Addendum-1:** Discovery

> **Foreward:** The following details the series of events leading up to the discovery and containment of SCP-9886.

> **Involved Persons**:

> * Dr. Joseph Hadley: A specialist in applied thaumaturgy and an employee of the Foundation. Currently assigned to Site-234.

> * PoI-5329: A Karcist of GoI-28 The Sarkic Cults . They have demonstrated proficiency in multiple forms of biological manipulation, including flesh-sculpting and virus mutation.

> ~~-~~-

> **Background: Operation White Glen**

> The following is a compilation of information from operation White Glen deemed relevant to SCP-9886. To view the full report for operation White Glen, see document PSTOP-29834-DRF.

> @@ @@

> On 25/03/2023, Foundation surveillance determined that a Neo-Sarkic sect of GoI-28 led by PoI-5329 had developed in a village near Perry, Oklahoma. Further investigation revealed that the entire population of the village had been infected with an anomalously aggressive virus. A temporary containment zone, designated as TCZ-648, was established under the control of MTF Beta-7 Maz Hatters  in order to determine the threat posed by the sect and prepare for permanent containment. A research team, led by Dr. Mira Talwar, was also assigned to the zone to assist the task force. This team was composed of anomalous virologists, experts in Sarkic anomalies, and thaumaturgic specialists, including Dr. Joseph Hadley.

> @@ @@

> Shortly after a squad from MTF Beta-7 entered the village, PoI-5329 released several hundred vermin from multiple buildings around the village, including rats, mice, rabbits, crows, and nutria; these animals were suspected and later confirmed to have been infected with the anomalous virus. The animals attempted to exit the village and spread into the surrounding woodlands, with several members of the team commenting that they appeared to be moving in the general direction of nearby population centers. Through a joint effort between MTF Beta-7 and several members of the research team, the operatives were able to thaumaturgically contain the infected animals while Dr. Joseph Hadley enacted a ritual to eradicate the virus from all subjects in the containment zone.

> @@ @@

> After the village was sterilized, the inhabitants were investigated for connections to GoI-28 and amnestics were administered. PoI-5329 could not be located in the aftermath. Following this operation, Dr. Joseph Hadley was transferred to Site-234 for the purpose of developing thaumaturgic containment strategies for high-risk anomalies.

> ~~-~~-

> **Recovery Timeline**

> **06/07/2025:** A webcrawler reported that PoI-5329 was spotted in the background of an image taken in Union Grove, AL, USA. A surveillance team was sent to the town to investigate.

> **09/07/2025:** The surveillance team reported no evidence of GoI-28 activities in the town, but found PoI-5329 on a road leading into the surrounding woodlands. The surveillance team utilized a UAV to covertly track the position of PoI-5329 and reported that they had moved to an abandoned house approximately 5 kilometers east from the town. The surveillance team was ordered to keep watch over the building and report any movements while a strike team from MTF Beta-7 was organized to enter the property and secure PoI-5329.

> **10/07/2025:** After the surveillance team confirmed that PoI-5329 had not been seen leaving the building, the strike team entered the property. They noted that there were signs of occupation on the ground floor, including recently used bedding and multiple statuettes of mutated animals made from bone. Upon entering the basement, the team reported that the ground under the building was composed of an organic substance resembling intestinal lining, and that a cyst-like structure, approximately 3 meters in diameter and filled with a light-yellow liquid, grew from the floor in the center of the basement. After the team moved closer to investigate, SCP-9886 forced open the cyst from the inside and moved to attack the closest team member. SCP-9886 was able to pierce the team member's protective gear and inflicted fatal puncture wounds to their chest and throat before being sedated by the rest of the team. After a complete search of the property, PoI-5329 could not be located. The strike team incinerated the building following the operation.

*##red|Notice: An update is available for this document.##*

---

 **Terminal #762**

@@ @@

@@>@@ update --version

No update is available for the current version.

@@>@@ update --available

An update is available for: "SCP-9886"

@@>@@ update --comment

"Updates document SCP-9886 version CLO-02: Initiates live transcription of meeting '9886-B'"

@@>@@ listVersions

Listing Versions of document: "SCP-9886"

- CLO-01 (Current Version)

@@>@@ openVersion CLO-02

Error: Document "SCP-9886" has no version CLO-02. Did you mean CLO-01?

@@>@@ logout

Logging out. Goodbye, Joseph.

---

@@>@@ login mitalwar

Input Password:

@@> ************@@

Password Accepted. Welcome, Mira.

@@>@@ openDocument SCP-9886

Opening SCP-9886. To view the document, select a version.

@@>@@ listVersions

Listing Versions of document: "SCP-9886"

- CLO-01

- CLO-02

@@>@@ openVersion CLO-02

Opening version CLO-02...

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

[!--

                                                                                                                  CLO-02

--]

**Item #:** SCP-9886

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9886-1 is to be contained in an S-class humanoid containment cell at Site-234. SCP-9886-1 has requested perpetual sedation when outside of testing, which may be granted at the discretion of the Research Lead. Interaction between SCP-9886-1 and SCP-9886-2 must not occur; to explain this, a cover story that SCP-9886-1 is extremely hostile towards SCP-9886-2 is to be maintained.

SCP-9886-2 is not to be contained at this time, and instead is to be allowed to perform the normal duties of SCP-9886-1. SCP-9886-2 is to be monitored for any changes in behavior, and both the Research Lead and Site Director are authorized to call for the containment of SCP-9886-2 if it is deemed necessary. In this event, SCP-9886-2 is to be held in a B-class humanoid containment cell at Site-234.

SCP-9886-2 must not have access to any information on this page. A false version of this document must be maintained which supports the cover story that SCP-9886-2 is non-anomalous and SCP-9886-1 is a biological construct.

**Description:** SCP-9886 refers to two anomalous entities. SCP-9886-1 is Dr. Joseph Hadley, an employee of the Foundation who was previously stationed at Site-234. SCP-9886-1 displays multiple signs of biological manipulation:

* The epidermis of the subject is more elastic than that of a normal human, resulting in skin folds resembling the effects of cutis laxa.

* Needle-like protrusions extend from the bones of the subject. These protrusions extend through the muscles and skin of the subject, severely inhibiting mobility.

* The cartilage in the joints of the subject has been severely degraded, resulting in effects similar to advanced osteoarthritis.

* The subject has displayed an anomalously rapid healing response; all observed flesh wounds have scarred in less than two seconds, and any skeletal damage has been repaired in less than four minutes.

* The subject has displayed a strong resistance to multiple forms of medication, including analgesics and amnestics.

SCP-9886-2 is an ersatz-class biological construct which appears identical to SCP-9886-1 prior to transformation. SCP-9886-2 has displayed accurate recall of all information SCP-9886-1 had before its transformation, and behavioral analysis has shown that it will respond nearly identically to SCP-9886-1 in all tested situations. All internal and external analysis of SCP-9886-2 have confirmed that its physical form is consistent with a non-anomalous human body, including in brain function. Based on this information and discussions with specialists in biological manipulation, it is the current opinion of the Research Lead that SCP-9886-2 sincerely believes itself to be Dr. Joseph Hadley.

SCP-9886-2 has presented multiple illnesses, which it has not displayed knowledge of. These illnesses include:

* Situs inversus

* An abnormally high blood pressure (160/100)

* Pulmonary fibrosis

* Advanced chronic kidney disease

* Advanced coronary artery disease

It is predicted that SCP-9886-2 will expire from these illnesses in less than a year if medical action is not taken. No plans for medical action are currently under consideration.

 

**Addendum-1:** Discovery

> *##red|Note: Multiple sections of this addendum are identical to the previous version. Differences have been marked in blue.##*

> **Foreward:** The following details the series of events leading up to the discovery and containment of SCP-9886.

> **Involved Persons**:

> * Dr. Joseph Hadley: A specialist in applied thaumaturgy and an employee of the Foundation.##blue| Previously assigned## to Site-234.

> * PoI-5329: A Karcist of GoI-28 The Sarkic Cults . They have demonstrated proficiency in multiple forms of biological manipulation, including flesh-sculpting and virus mutation.

> ~~-~~-

> **Background: Operation White Glen**

> The following is a compilation of information from operation White Glen deemed relevant to SCP-9886. To view the full report for operation White Glen, see document PSTOP-29834-DRF.

> @@ @@

> On 25/03/2023, Foundation surveillance determined that a Neo-Sarkic sect of GoI-28 led by PoI-5329 had developed in a village near Perry, Oklahoma. Further investigation revealed that the entire population of the village had been infected with an anomalously aggressive virus. A temporary containment zone, designated as TCZ-648, was established under the control of MTF Beta-7 Maz Hatters  in order to determine the threat posed by the sect and prepare for permanent containment. A research team, led by Dr. Mira Talwar, was also assigned to the zone to assist the task force. This team was composed of anomalous virologists, experts in Sarkic anomalies, and thaumaturgic specialists, including Dr. Joseph Hadley.

> @@ @@

> Shortly after a squad from MTF Beta-7 entered the village, PoI-5329 released several hundred vermin from multiple buildings around the village, including rats, mice, rabbits, crows, and nutria; these animals were suspected and later confirmed to have been infected with the anomalous virus. The animals attempted to exit the village and spread into the surrounding woodlands, with several members of the team commenting that they appeared to be moving in the general direction of nearby population centers. Through a joint effort between MTF Beta-7 and several members of the research team, the operatives were able to thaumaturgically contain the infected animals while Dr. Joseph Hadley enacted a ritual to eradicate the virus from all subjects in the containment zone.

> @@ @@

> After the village was sterilized, the inhabitants were investigated for connections to GoI-28 and amnestics were administered. PoI-5329 could not be located in the aftermath. Following this operation, Dr. Joseph Hadley was transferred to Site-234 for the purpose of developing thaumaturgic containment strategies for high-risk anomalies.

> ~~-~~-

> **Recovery Timeline**

> **06/07/2025:** A webcrawler reported that PoI-5329 was spotted in the background of an image taken in Union Grove, AL, USA. A surveillance team was sent to the town to investigate

> **09/07/2025:** The surveillance team reported no evidence of GoI-28 activities in the town, but found PoI-5329 on a road leading into the surrounding woodlands. The surveillance team utilized a UAV to covertly track the position of PoI-5329 and reported that they had moved to an abandoned house approximately 5 kilometers east from the town. The surveillance team was ordered to keep watch over the building and report any movements while a strike team from MTF Beta-7 was organized to enter the property and secure PoI-5329.

> **10/07/2025:** After the surveillance team confirmed that PoI-5329 had not been seen leaving the building, the strike team entered the property. They noted that there were signs of occupation on the ground floor, including recently used bedding and multiple statuettes of mutated animals made from bone. Upon entering the basement, the team reported that the ground under the building was composed of an organic substance resembling intestinal lining. A cyst-like structure, approximately 3 meters in diameter and filled with a light-yellow liquid, grew from the center of the basement. After the team moved closer to investigate, ##blue|the outer layer of the cyst spontaneously disintegrated and revealed SCP-9886-1. SCP-9886-1 immediately requested to be terminated, which the team leader denied. SCP-9886-1 then attempted to take the weapon of the nearest team member, prompting them to sedate it for containment.## After a complete search of the property, PoI-5329 could not be located. The strike team incinerated the building following the operation.

> ##blue|**11/07/2025:** SCP-9886-1 was given a pre-containment interview. During this interview, it claimed that it was Dr. Joseph Hadley, and that it had been abducted on the night of 03/06/2025. It was able to accurately answer all questions asked regarding Dr. Joseph Hadley, including his date of birth, the date he was hired by the Foundation, his FIN Foundation Identification Number , and the contents of multiple classified tests he was involved with. SCP-9886-1 and SCP-9886-2, who had previously been believed to be Dr. Joseph Hadley, were both given full-body analyses; SCP-9886-2 was told the procedure was a standard medical check. These analyses were led by Dr. Sophia Edwards, a biological researcher with a specialization in Sarkic anomalies. During the analyses, it was confirmed that SCP-9886-2 was artificially created via biological manipulation, and that SCP-9886-1 was Dr. Joseph Hadley.##

> ~~-~~-

> ##blue|Following the analyses, it was determined that SCP-9886-1 would not be able to fulfill its responsibilities due to its current state. As such, it was decided that SCP-9886-2 would be allowed to continue performing the duties of SCP-9886-1 while a permanent solution was developed by Dr. Sophia Edwards.##

**Addendum-2:** Meeting Transcriptions

> ++ Meeting 9886-A

> **Foreward:** The following is a transcription of a meeting reviewing project proposal 9886-XLJ-E.

> **Participants:**

> * Dr. Carlos Ruiz: Research Lead assigned to SCP-9886

> * Dr. Sophia Edwards: Sarkic anomaly expert and primary author of 9886-XLJ-E

> * Junebug.aic: Artificially intelligent conscript responsible for automatic transcription

> ~~-~~-

> [BEGIN TRANSCRIPTION]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Alright, I've read through this once, but there are a few details I want to cover. How about you walk me through it and I'll ask questions as they come up?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Very well. We have three real options on how to handle SCP-9886. The first is to contain both anomalies and provide medical treatment as necessary. This would directly and unambiguously follow the Foundation's mission statement, but would likely be very expensive.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Would they still be able to work?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Given the extreme medical issues they present, I'd expect both of them will require some form of perpetual medical intervention before too long. Once that happens, I doubt they'll be able to do much.

> @@ @@

> [Dr. Ruiz writes something down on a notepad.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Alright. What's the next option?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** The next idea would be to "fix" SCP-9886-2 and keep SCP-9886-1 contained. The main issue is that the biology of the simulacrum isn't particularly receptive to being fixed. Many of its diseases don't have any mundane medical solutions; we'd only be able to slow its decline.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** What about using thaumaturgy?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Thaumaturgic solutions are risky as well. The simulacrum is effectively a collection of mismatched animal cells that have been tricked into keeping a human shape. Any changes we try to make could cause it to...collapse, basically.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** I'm not sure I understand; I was under the impression it's basically human. Is that not the case?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** It is, but...it's like if you made a table by nailing the different parts together, and someone else made a visually identical copy by carving the entire thing out of a single piece of wood. They both might function the same, but if you needed to replace a table leg because it was rotting, you'd have to handle that in two very different ways. SCP-9886-2 wasn't made by modifying an existing person, it was made from scratch using available biological material; that's what makes it an ersatz-class construct. As a result, there are subtle differences between it and a normal person regarding its genes and cells. All of our standard healing rituals are based on a regular human's anatomical and genetic structure; although we could try to modify them to account for the simulacrum's differences, I'd say the chances of success without significant complications are very low.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** I see. I guess now would be a good time to bring up another question I have about SCP-9886-2. It is my understanding that it has behaved exactly like Joe in every test we've thought of, correct?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Yes.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** So externally, they're the same. But what about internally?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** I'm not sure what you mean by, "internally". We've already discussed its biology.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** I mean internally, as in, in its head. Is it actually sapient, or is it just a mimic? I know it has the correct brain matter, but what about beyond that?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Ah.

> @@ @@

> [Both sit silently for a moment.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** That's...a difficult question to answer. If I've learned anything studying biological anomalies, it's that there isn't really anything "special" about our neurons and synapses from a purely physical standpoint; they're just chemistry that produces an interesting result. As such, it can be difficult to draw a line between "real" sapience and a very good mimicry; many things we consider to be anomalous intelligences came from someone trying to create an imitation of consciousness and doing too well. The best I can give you is that from a physical perspective, SCP-9886-2 appears to have all the necessary components for sapience.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** What about beyond the physical?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** I'm not a theologist; I can't tell you if it has a soul.

> @@ @@

> [Both sit silently for a moment. Dr. Ruiz writes something down on a notepad.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Alright. What's our third option?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** I believe that it may be possible to undo the anomaly effecting Dr. Hadley via a thaumaturgic sculpting. The simulacrum was created using Dr. Hadley as a...blueprint, of sorts. We may be able to decompile the anomaly to retrieve that blueprint and use it to return Dr. Hadley to his original state. This option is best, by my view.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** You said you could "decompile" SCP-9886-2? What does that mean?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Thaumaturgic shredding.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Hmm. That sounds...very fatal.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Yes.

> @@ @@

> [Dr. Ruiz rubs his chin with his hand.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** I know you've reversed some Sarkic biological manipulations in the past, but I've never heard of this. Is it something you use often?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** No. Normally, the workings are amateur enough that we can pick them apart fairly easily. Undoing them is just a matter of...finding a loose thread to pull.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** But this one isn't?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** No. It's actually been bothering me for a while. It's too finished.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** What do you mean, too finished?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Well, we interrupted the Karcist, right? Which means that no matter how good they are, there should be some signs of incomplete work, something they started but couldn't finish because we caught them. But there aren't, all the workings are complete; the threads are tied too nicely.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** What's your point?

> @@ @@

> [Both sit silently for a moment.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** I'm not sure how much you know about Neo-Sarkism, but that disease the Karcist created at the TCZ was likely as much of a religious icon as it was a weapon. It was an...avatar of unconstrained life, caring only for itself and feeding on anything too weak to stop it. So when Joseph killed everything except what we had contained, it was more than just an attack; it was like a form of heresy.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Okay. So they get mad at Joe, abduct him, and try to turn him into another weapon, right? But we get in the way?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Maybe. But...what if this is what they wanted to happen?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** This?

> @@ @@

> [Both sit in silence for a moment.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Joseph trapped something that was made to be free. So if the Karcist wanted revenge, it makes sense they would want to trap him back, right? And who better than us to keep him alive and contained for as long as possible?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** You think they wanted us to get Joe?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** Maybe. Don't you think it's odd that a secretive biomancer who's been avoiding us for over a year just happened to get spotted wandering around a town?

> @@ @@

> [Both sit in silence for a moment.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Well, even if you're right, it doesn't really change anything, does it?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** No, it doesn't.

> @@ @@

> [Both sit in silence for a moment.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Alright, I need to run this by some people. I'll try to get back to you before the end of the week.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Edwards:** That works for me. Let me know if you need any more information about the process.

> @@ @@

> [END TRANSCRIPTION]

> ~~-~~-

> **Footnote:** Proposal 9886-XLJ-E was approved on 16/09/2025.

> ++ Meeting 9886-B

> *##red|This meeting transcription is currently being recorded live by Junebug.aic and cannot be edited until the meeting is finished. If you need to edit it immediately, please contact your supervisor.##*

> **Foreward:** The following is a transcription of a meeting regarding the final decision made regarding SCP-9886.

> **Participants:**

> * Dr. Carlos Ruiz: Research Lead assigned to SCP-9886

> * SCP-9886-1: Participating from their cell via a secure terminal

> * Junebug.aic: Artificially intelligent conscript responsible for automatic transcription

> ~~-~~-

> [BEGIN LIVE TRANSCRIPTION]

> **Dr. Ruiz:** How are you holding up, Joe?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** I've been-

> @@ @@

> [SCP-9886-1 gasps and grabs their chest. Dr. Ruiz frowns.]

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** I've been better.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Sorry. Is this a bad time?

> @@ @@

> [SCP-9886-1 shakes their head.]

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** Let's just get it over with.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Alright. We have an update on your condition; the Sarkic team has been working with your pals at the thaumaturgy department, and they think they might have a way to get you back to normal. I don't really get most of the details, but my understanding is that they think they can use the clone to get a copy of your old body.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** Huh. Like, decompiling it?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** I think they mentioned that, yes.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** That's...hmm. Did the Ethics Committee approve it?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Yes. They definitely took their time on it, though. Is there a problem? I can get a meeting set up if you want to discuss the details.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** No, it's just...from what I remember, decompilation has only been used on a biological construct once.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Yeah? What happened?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** No idea. Everyone involved requested amnestics, the results got classified, and the Ethics Committee has shut down every attempt since. Except this one, I guess.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Oh.

> @@ @@

> [Both sit silently.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Well, it's not like you particularly like the thing.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** I don't know. I...it still feels weird as hell whenever I think of it living in my house, talking to all of you...but...it feels... I don't know. It feels wrong, I guess. To just...kill it.

> @@ @@

> [Both pause. SCP-9886-1 abruptly coughs heavily for several seconds before reaching into its mouth and removing a thin needle made from bone. It places it on a nearby tray which contains a small pile of similar needles.]

> @@ @@

> [SCP-9886-1 sighs.]

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** This fucking sucks.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Yeah? Is that your official position on the matter?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** Yes. Write that in the report: SCP-9886-1 considers the situation to be "complete dogshit."

> @@ @@

> [Both laugh, then sit quietly for a moment.]

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** By the way, I thought of something a little while ago. You said that you blocked *my* account from opening the document, right?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Yeah. Is that a problem? If you need access, we can figure something out.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** No, that isn't-

> @@ @@

> [SCP-9886-1 coughs violently for several seconds.]

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** Sorry. It's just...it might be able to get into the real document.

> @@ @@

> [Dr. Ruiz leans forward.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Oh. How?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** Do you know Mira? Dr. Talwar?

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** I believe so. She led your research team at the TCZ, correct?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** Yes. During the outbreak, I needed to set up a transmission connection to sterilize the virus over the entire village. Any ritual that large requires specific runes, and I didn't have the clearance for them. Mira was already handling the bio-cage, so she decided to give me her login credentials.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Hmm. It could use those to get around the account block, then.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** Yes. I don't know why it would think to use them, but it's possible.

> @@ @@

> [Both sit silently for a moment. Dr. Ruiz rubs chin with his hand.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** I'll try to figure out a good solution to that, but a bandaid fix should work for now; Junebug, lock Dr. Mira Talwar from accessing document SCP-9886, version CLO-02.

> @@ @@

> **Junebug.aic:** Done. Should I also close the currently active viewer?

> @@ @@

> **Dr Ruiz:** Sure, I- wait, what do you mean?

> @@ @@

> **Junebug.aic:** Dr. Talwar is currently reading SCP-9886 on secure terminal #762.

> @@ @@

> [Both participants freeze.]

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Is that the terminal in Dr. Hadley's office?

> @@ @@

> **Junebug.aic:** Yes.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-9886-1:** Shit.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Ruiz:** Junebug, close the viewer and *##red|Error: Exiting to Command Line##*

---

 **Terminal #762**

@@ @@

Error: The document has been forcibly closed by the security network. If this was unexpected, please contact your supervisor.

@@>@@ logout

Logging out. Goodbye, Mira.

@@ @@

@@ @@

[!--

                                                                                                                 END DOCUMENT

--]

<< [SCP-9885](SCP-9885) | SCP-9886 | [SCP-9887](SCP-9887) >>

> **Filename:** Arm_XRay.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp9886booblesnoot)

> @@ @@

> This image is a derivative of:

> @@ @@

> **Name:** Rheumatoide Arthritis mit ausgeprägten Osteolysen, Handgelenk, distale Ulna und Ellenbogengelenk

> **Author:** [Hellerhoff](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Hellerhoff)

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:X-rays_of_rheumatoid_arthritis#/media/File:Rheumatoide_Arthritis_mit_ausgepraegten_Lysen_56W_-_CR_ap_und_seitlich_-_001.jpg)
