> Alright, let's see what we've got here.

**Item #:** SCP-9584

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9584 is to be kept in a windowless class 9 containment chamber lined with counter-thaumaturgic warding and equipped with sedative dispensers. SCP-9584 should be fed twice-daily in accordance with the diet of Higher Tartarean Entities. Commonly referred to as "Greater Demons"  

No personnel are to enter SCP-9584's containment chamber. 

SCP-9584 is currently contained at Provisional Containment Site 9584, and will remain so until feasible methods of transportation to sites more equipped for proper containment can be devised.

> Is that it? Feels kind of threadbare.

**Description:** SCP-9584 is presumed to be a Higher Tartarean Entity. Due to a memetic effect emitted by SCP-9584, no personnel have been able to provide a clear physical description of SCP-9584, though generally described characteristics include wings, a tail, and horns, common features of Tartarean Entities. 

SCP-9584 is capable of high-grade thaumaturgy, flight, and is immune to all known conventional and anomalous weaponry.

> Seriously? *All* known weaponry? How'd they figure that out? If they'd fired every weapon known to man at this thing and failed to even dent it, we'd have been called in before they started.

**Incident Log 9584-A:**

On 8/13/27, approximately ██ weeks after first being contained, SCP-9584 breached containment as Junior Researcher ███████ failed to properly seal SCP-9584's feeding port. SCP-9584 utilized thaumaturgy in its escape despite the active anti-thaumaturgical wards, presumably changing size  to exit its chamber through the port. Miraculously, Junior Researcher ███████ was not killed, and triggered the Site's emergency breach alarms from a nearby workstation.

> Wait, so this thing didn't pull this poor bastard's head off his shoulders as soon as it escaped? It just ignored him?

Onsite security refused to engage SCP-9584, and instead elected to aid other personnel to the primary breach shelter. MTF Lambda-8 "They Shall Not Pass" was instead deployed to combat and recontain SCP-9584. MTF Lambda-8 engaged SCP-9584 as it entered the site cafeteria. SCP-9584 evaded all attempts at capture and was unaffected by sustained small-arms fire. After approximately 10 minutes, Lambda-8's team leader declared the situation to be hopeless and ordered the MTF to retreat. Lambda-8 sustained no casualties in the encounter.

> They stayed in a room with this thing for ten minutes and nobody was so much as scraped? And shouldn't there be an actual transcript here?

SCP-9584 moved out of the cafeteria after half an hour, and made its way towards the site's break room, which at the time of the breach had been occupied by Junior Researcher Henderson, who barricaded the door with the break room's coffee table when the breach alarms engaged.

> Oh, here we go. Let's see what happened.

SCP-9584 applied thaumaturgy to itself a second time to enter the break room through a space significantly smaller than itself, and attached itself to the room's eastern wall. Henderson retrieved an experimental foundation eigenweapon from the break room's couch (referred to as Project Herald) and struck SCP-9584.

> ....what.

Project Herald completely destroyed SCP-9584's physical form, though the experimental state of the weapon appears to have caused it to disappear completely. 

Junior Researcher Henderson has been promoted to Head Researcher and been assigned to write SCP-9584's database entry.

> I guess that explains some of the unprofessionalism, but for the thousandth time, *why?*

SCP-9584 is presumed to be Neutralized, and reclassification is pending.

**Addendum:** In light of the unauthorized neutralization of SCP-9584, a representative of the Decommissioning Department has been sent to Provisional Containment Site 9584 to determine if said neutralization was necessary or proportionate to the threat posed by the anomaly. Results are pending.

> That's where I came in. So far they'd be in the clear, if it wasn't for the number of holes in this story. If this thing was as threatening as this document claims, I'd have expected heavy casualties and massive damage to the site, but so far there's nothing, and that's not even mentioning that they seemingly kept some sort of superweapon in the break room. On a goddamn *couch.* I need to do some digging.

**Audio Log of Interview 9584-1**

**Interviewer: Investigator** █████████ 

**Interviewed: Dr. Henderson**

> **-Begin Log-**

> ███████: So what exactly was Project Herald?

> Henderson: I-I'm not exactly sure.

> ███████: How? You held the thing. You used it to neutralize SCP-9584.

> Henderson: That doesn't mean I actually knew what it did! I just saw it on the couch and felt like I had-

> ███████: Felt? Felt what?

> Henderson: L-L-Like i had to use it. To, you know. Kill the thing.

> ███████: Were there any triggers, levers, barrels? Anything recognizable?

> Henderson: I.....

> ███████: Doctor?

> *Dr. Henderson became unresponsive, and was escorted out of the room by security.*

> **-End Log-**

[EXTRANEOUS LOGS REMOVED]

> Well, that got me nowhere. I'm not including the other interviews of key staff in my report, because they all stopped cooperating after a few lines. Henderson was the only one who gave me more than muttering when I asked for details.

> To hell with it. I'm checking out that break room.

**Audio Log/Security Cam Footage of PCS 9584 Break Room Exploration**

> **-Begin Log-**

> ███████ *enters the room slowly, shutting the door gently behind them as they do.*

> ███████: Well, I'm here. Initial inspection reveals nothing much out of the ordinary. Fortunately they haven't touched this room since the incident out of fear of contamination or possession or whatever.  

> ███████ *moves to inspect the break room couch. They pick up several of the pillows almost as an afterthought.*

> ███████: [Chuckles] No big surprise, nothing under these.

> *They begin inspecting the east wall.*

> ███████: Nothing. Wait...

> *They notice a small discoloration on the wall, and run their fingers over it.*

> ███████: Looks like someone smacked....no. Can't be.

> *At this point,* ███████ *notices a newspaper on the counter underneath the discoloration. They flip it over. There is a discoloration on the newspaper about the same size and color as the one on the wall.*

> ███████: Oh. Oh my god.

> ███████ *begins to laugh.*

<details>
<summary>+ This file has been updated. View?</summary>

**Item #:** 9584

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** Previous containment procedures should be disregarded. The issue of the *New York Herald* used in the neutralization of SCP-9584 is in the possession of Junior Researcher Henderson.

**Description:** SCP-9684 was a *Musca domestica* Housefly  with the memetic property of convincing anyone who observed it directly to believe it was a Tartarean Entity capable of high-grade thaumaturgy. Furthermore, this property forced observers to rationalize events relating to SCP-9684 to be in line with their held belief of its power. This effect was most prominent when Junior Researcher Henderson smacked SCP-9684 with a rolled-up newspaper during a containment breach, as all onsite personnel believed Henderson had utilized a powerful eigenweapon to destroy it. These properties were discovered when Investigator ███████, who had been sent from the Decommissioning Department to assess the nature of the impromptu termination, inspected the site's break room and correctly ascertained the nature of "Project Herald." 

Research into the lingering post-mortem memetic effects of SCP-9684 is ongoing.

</details>

<< [SCP-9583](SCP-9583) | SCP-9584 | [SCP-9585](SCP-9585) >>
