**Content Warnings-** Overt allusions to ⚠️ **Suicide** and themes of ⚠️ **Self Destructive Behavior**

**Item #:** 9307

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Standard Media Suppression Protocols and Foundation webcrawlers have proven adequate in ensuring knowledge of SCP-9307's existence does not spread over the web under current demands.

Foundation agents planted into educational institutions and psychological care services have been informed of SCP-9307's description under the guise of it being a signifier of a memetic infection of minor severity. They are instructed to discreetly provide affected subjects with mnestic treatments and to dismiss the existence of this anomaly as a dream or the result of mental illness.

Should SCP-9307 appear to a Foundation employee, psychiatric personnel are instructed to question them regarding its motives before amnesticizing them to conceal the entity's existence.

**Update 15/09/2021:** Following the resignation of Dr. Amari and the advisement of Dr. Becker, SCP-9307 has been reclassified to Keter and the security clearance needed to access related materials has been increased from Level 2 to Level 4. All research unrelated to Special Containment Procedure improvements is suspended indefinitely on the order of Site Director Kenimach of Site-24.

**Description:** SCP-9307 is a (presumed) humanoid entity known to appear to isolated subjects. SCP-9307 is described as being dressed in intersecting layers of black cloth sheets. Its face and hands are the only parts which remain uncovered. It has been observed to possess iridescent white skin which makes these appendages typically exceptionally visible. No description has been obtained of its face, beyond that is distressing to all subjects on first observation.

While it has been known to appear at any time of day or location, it invariably favors positioning which conceals the majority of its body, either through darkness or the surrounding environment. It has been known to appear within mirrors, behind doors, inside of containers, or within poorly lit spaces.

The criteria a subject must meet to be visited by SCP-9307 has been narrowed to set of psychological and circumstantial factors that are as follows:

* Subject must be experiencing some state of prolonged, deep distress. Periods as short as 5 days have been observed to meet this criteria.

* Subject must be physically isolated from others.

* Subject must be contemplating a course of action that is self sabotaging or self harming in nature.

Subjects which SCP-9307 has appeared to report the entity as producing various vocalizations ranging from moans and breathing to melodic tunes. The exact nature and composition of the latter varies from individual to individual but in all cases were reported to have a calming effect to them. Further interaction has been noted in the form of physical coaxing, hugging, and the disarming of a given subject. The length of these interactions are also variable, with some subjects reporting encounters that lasted seconds while others report hours spent in SCP-9307's presence.

Testing has confirmed SCP-9307 imparts lingering antimemetic effects upon the subjects it interacts with. These effects specifically target memories and emotions related to the previously highlighted state of distress that had facilitated its appearance to the subject. Invariably this works to suppress certain psychological traits and behaviors, whilst suppressing the capacity for subjects to readily recall such memories or form new ones in relation to them. Further testing has shown basic mnestics are able to reverse much of these effects.

**Addendum 9307-A:** The following selection of witness testimonies was compiled in March of 2016 and were chosen for the clarity related subjects were able to provide in regards to their encounters with SCP-9307. A larger list of such testimonies is available to Level ~~3~~ 4 personnel upon request to Head Researcher ~~Dr. Amari~~ Dr. Becker.

<details>
<summary>+ A.9307-A-1</summary>

> **Interviewed:** POI-9307-A-1 Designation provided for the sake of anonymity. 

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Amari Duffy

> 

> **Foreword:** POI-9307-A-1 was brought to Foundation attention on ██/██/2010 when Webcrawlers detected the subject discussing his encounter with SCP-9307 four months prior on I-██ near [REDACTED], Tennessee, United States and his subsequent stay at the [REDACTED] immediately after. Talk of the entity had initially arisen as part of a conversation relating to recent lifestyle changes that POI-9307-A-1 had undertaken in light of the encounter.

> 

> For the purposes of this interview, the subject was provided with alcohol and was led to believe that Foundation personnel were civilian investigators who had noticed his descriptions of the encounter and were interested in his story.

> 

> **<Begin Log, 00:18:33>**

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Now, I hope it isn't too early to be asking something so personal.

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** Hey, go right ahead man, I'm an open book! The drinks you guys have been giving, least I can do is share!

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Yes, well, I wanted to loop our conversation back to why we're here and all. The, what did you call it, angel, you had met on I-██?

> 

> [POI-9307-A-1 was noted to have paused at being reminded of the entity. A shuffling sound could be heard coming through the microphone hidden on Dr. Amari's person as he had begun glancing around with particle focus on the corners of the room]

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** Uh, yeah. I... Sorry, I know I came here to talk about it, but fuck. Just gimme a sec to gather my thoughts, try to remember some more.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Take all the time you need ██████.

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** What... Exactly did you wanna know I about it?

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Well, everything! Anything that could help us catch another glimpse in the future and see if anyone else has met it. Anything you can remember. Even if you think its unrelated, it *might* not be! So, days before and after along with anything that was happening then?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** So the whole package? Gotcha, gotcha. Uhh, I suppose the place to start would be why I was driving around there in the first place. Cause I didn't live in Tennessee when it happened. Actually, I didn't live in Dixie at all back then.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Where did you live?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** Glenwood. Minnesota.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Minnesota?! Why'd you drive so far? Visiting family then?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** Actually... It was pretty much the opposite. I... I really wasn't in a good spot. Fuck, I was fucked up man. I just started driving and I guess I just hadn't realized how far I went.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Wait, what do you mean?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** I... A couple months before the encounter I lost my job. It was like middle corporate, but we didn't have much in savings and I told you bout my son, he's not very old. Fucking, my wife was working so hard to keep us afloat and then my, baby boy, he went and broke his arm while at school and all the bills just came so fast...

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** ... I'm sorry ██████.

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** Why was it your fault, hahaha, haaa haa. Hah. But, you get the point. Shit was looking bleak. I didn't know what to do, and I just started driving.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** How long did you go?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** In one go? I dunno. I think I stopped and passed out somewhere at some point. I know I stopped for gas a couple times. Spending money I didn't have. I was getting calls like crazy and I couldn't find it in me to pick any of em up, I was just... I dunno. Fuck I'm gonna cry.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** It's fine man, take as long as you need. We'll cut out any of the details you don't want us airing out when we publish it.

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** Thanks, thanks... just...

> 

> [Two minutes, forty-seven seconds of silence followed occasionally broken up by sounds of shifting fabric, sniffles, and gulping.]

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** That's when the angel appeared. It was dead at night. The radio wouldn't work. The only light I could see being the dim glow of the dashboard and the brights far ahead of me. There was barely even anyone on the road. And then I noticed her in the rearview.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Her? Are you sure it was a her?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** Definitely. She... breathed like my wife. I swore I could hear her like I did when we were in bed together. The face...

> 

> [POI-9307-A-1's can be heard making trembling breaths. Reportedly was gripping tightly around his glass simultaneously]

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** I damn near swerved into the divider when I saw her face. She ain't much a looker.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Could you describe her features?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** I'm sorry, I really am I- I just can't. I don't wanna- Fuck, I feel like I'm gonna hurl.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Need me to get a trashcan?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** No, no, I'm fine... Just need to recompose is all. Can we just not dwell on it anymore?

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Sure. What happened next?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** She made this sound. Like a trumpet blowing from over the mountain followed by several women's tones all singing. I don't think there was any words. Just a harmony of their tones. It made me stop. For the first time in a day, it made my mind shut the fuck up. I pulled over and just... bawled like a baby for an hour.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Did you recognize the tune from anywhere? Any hymn it remind you of? And did she do anything else?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** No. No to both, that is. I've never heard anything like it. And she... She didn't do anything. Just sat with me. I think she put her hand on my elbow. It made me cry even more. The only human contact I'd had in a day with someone who wasn't paid to serve me. It... She made me feel seen.

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** After that I went back home. Wife divorced me, I knew it was coming really. I wasn't surprised. It was still a gut punch, though! Still, it really hurts. But I got back on my feet and immediately went looking for jobs. Eventually I found something. Paid less than what I was used to. But it was something! Moved into a smaller place. I started eating less, eating healthier and cheaper. I started sending most my paycheck over to my ex and my baby boy.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** May I ask why?

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** Part of me feels guilty, really. I burned through a good deal of what we had left with my little tantrum. I wanna try and salvage it, give them the lives they deserve, even if it takes the rest of mine. Part of me... Fuck. I feel crazy. Promise to leave this part out?

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Of course.

> 

> **POI-9703-A-1:** I, I still hear her song. Every night. I close my eyes and it’s like she's singing right into my ear. I could play it, if I had a trumpet I would. Cause every time I hear it, it gives me hope I can get back to where I was.

> 

> **<End Log, 00:30:49>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** POI-9307-A-1 was amnesticized following this interview. Subsequent observation however confirmed that shifts in behavior and antimemetic effects persisted even as memory of SCP-9307 was eliminated.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ A.9307-A-2</summary>

> **Interviewed:** POI-9307-A-2 Designation provided for the sake of anonymity. 

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Amari Duffy

> 

> **Foreword:** Subject was brought to Foundation attention on ██/██/2012 after a Foundation agent embedded into the [REDACTED] School District had become aware of the subject's parents seeking treatment for his suicidal ideation. Preliminary investigation into this matter uncovered that the subject had relayed to a close friend his encounter with SCP-9307 two weeks prior, along with information regarding a prolonged bullying campaign being conducted by several peers.

> 

> For the purposes of this interview, the subject's parents were recommended to Dr. Amari who was posing as a psychologist. The parents were asked to not be present under the pretense that the subject may withhold information necessary to his treatment if they were.

> 

> **<Begin Log, [01:32:49]>**

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Do you think you'll be able to talk about it? This... what did you call it?

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** The ghost?

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Yes, the ghost you saw.

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** I... Dunno. It feels kind of silly now. I'm starting to think I just dreamed it up.

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** Maybe, but even dreams can provide valuable insights into the mind. Which yours wasn't doing too well then, you've said. Maybe it can help us find the root. Where things starting going wrong.

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** Eugh, but... I-

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** No one's judging here ██████, and if you feel it is embarrassing, then it can just stay between us. I'm here to help.

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** Hmmm... Ok. But you better not tell. Not my parents, no one.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** My lips are sealed. I'm very good at keeping secrets. Before we talk about the ghost, do you remember what you were doing before it appeared? As in, throughout the day. Whatever comes to mind.

> 

> [POI-9307-A-2 grew silent at this. Facial expressions and clenching fists pointed to mounting agitation as attempts to recall the events subsequent to the encounter began.]

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** I'd had a pretty bad day, that day. A couple of my classmates, █████ and ███, had been giving me a hard time. Calling me shit like ██████ and █████. But the worst of it was when they destroyed my backpack by filling it with coke during gym class.

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** I've heard about that. I'm sorry to hear that ██████, you're right to be upset with them.

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** Yeah... I guess. Everything was kind of a blur after that. Only thing that was clear was a few hours before I saw him. I couldn't sleep. It was, twelve I think and I was just tossing and turning in bed trying to get some shut eye.

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** Insomnia is a common symptom of depression.

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** Hm? I didn't know that...

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** I didn't mean to distract you. Please, continue.

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** Well, uh... I remember eventually I snuck downstairs and... I took something from the hutch where we keep our medicine. I don't know what. It was a big bottle though. Can't remember what I was thinking. Just stared at it for a while.

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** Then he appeared.

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** The ghost?

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** Yeah.

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** How do you know it was a he? Did you get a good look of its features?

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** His hands were strong and wide like my dad's, but otherwise I didn't see him. I did hear him. He... Made this sound. Like a cat's purr or a coo. It just made me relax as he hugged me for a while.

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** Did he say anything to you?

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** No, I don't think so. But, I remember feeling... I don't know. Confident? Stronger? Or maybe just sad in a really strong way. I dropped the bottle and just lied down for a while.

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** Do you remember what happened after.

> 

> [POI-9307-A-2 was once again silent and began to tear up.]

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** I think I fell asleep at some point. I had a dream. It wasn't very long. I can't what it was about, just that ██████ was there.

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** Your friend from school, ██████?

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** Yeah.

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** Was it a nice dream?

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** Yeah. Really nice... I remember. We talked. I don't know what about. Just that, by the time we were done, just before I woke up, he said... "I love you."

> 

>  **Dr. Amari:** What about that morning? Did you see it again?

> 

> **POI-9307-A-2:** No. I did text ██████, though. That felt pretty good.

> 

> **<End Log, [01:41:05]>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Subsequent to this interview, POI-9307-A-2 was administered mnestics to attempt to reverse SCP-9307's effects on his psyche. Thereafter he, his family, and his peers were administered amnestics to cover up the encounter with SCP-9307. Post-incident monitoring has pointed to a resurgence of depressive episodes in the subject but these have been determined as non-anomalous and are therefore outside Foundation purview.

</details>

**Addendum 9307-B:** On 03/11/2020, the following video was captured by a bug placed in the home of Junior Researcher Korban Alistair, who was at the time assigned to the SCP-9307 research team. It reportedly depicts his encounter with the entity however no footage of SCP-9307 was acquired as it had manifested in a position outside the frame.

<details>
<summary>+ A.9307-B-1</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

*First three hours, twenty minutes of footage consists of Mr. Alistair getting in and out of bed and walking in and out of frame. Evidently spent some of this time repeatedly dressing and undressing. On five occasions he can be seen handling his cellular device, but he did not make any calls or messages in this time.*

*For the five minutes Mr. Alistair lingers over his bedside table, staring at it for the same duration.*

*He begins to reach for the handle to its drawer when a clicking sound begins to emanate from a position above the camera view. Mr. Alistair turns to face the source of the noise and can be seen growing visibly pale as he stumbles backwards into the table. A lamp is knocked off it and sent clattering against the floor.*

*At this point Foundation agents are alerted, and a team is dispatched to Mr. Alistair's home.*

**Alistair:** What are you... Why are you here...? Leave me alone...

*The clicking sound can be heard intensifying as it mixes with wet groans. A white light can be seen emanating from above the frame, waving back and forth towards Mr. Alistair.*

**Alistair:** What do you want? 

*Mr. Alistair reaches behind himself while keeping his eyes trained on SCP-9307. The drawer to the table can be heard sliding open.*

**Alistair:** Fucking ANSWER ME!

*Mr. Alistair suddenly produces a loaded pistol and aims it towards SCP-9307. Its movements and vocalizations are unchanged. Mr. Alistair can be seen starting to cry as he grits his teeth and begins to slowly approach with the weapon still raised.*

**Alistair:** Tell me what the fuck you are, now! I'll shoot! You're some kind of psychic; you know I'll do it! So, answers!

**Alistair:** Are you some kind of dead god? Trying to worm your way in my head!? Make me your hollow man!? Some alien predator that slipped into the noosphere by accident? Here to slurp my brains out!? Come on, say *something*! You're real, I know you're real at least. This bullet will hurt you like anyone else! So WHY are you trying to ACT like it doesn't mean anything?

*Mr. Alistair is within one meter of the camera and SCP-9307. The entity can be heard breathing deeply.*

**Alistair:** Come on! Piece of shit!

*A black shape suddenly lunges towards Mr. Alistair from out of from frame. Three shots are fired, one of which makes a glancing hit against the camera causing the lens to be shattered. Mr. Alistair can be heard shouting as dull thuds sound through the air. There is a metallic sheen and the sound of two thumps far away from the camera followed by the continuous sounds of quiet sobbing.*

[END LOG]

</details>

Junior Researcher Korban Alistair would be discovered in the fetal position of his bedroom floor minutes later by responding Foundation agents apparently only semi-conscious and disoriented. The pistol he wielded during the footage was found having been thrown into the opposite wall with the magazine removed and the chamber emptied. Medical examination after this incident would reveal minor bruising around his right wrist.

In the days following the encounter Mr. Alistair would be moved to the psychiatric care ward of Site-24 to receive a full evaluation and undergo more extensive observation. Per his request, Dr. Amari was allowed to interview him to try and gain further insights into the nature of SCP-9307.

<details>
<summary>+ A.9307-B-2</summary>

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Hey, Korban, you recovering well?

> 

> **Alistair:** I guess... Thanks for coming. I know you were probably busy. Sorry for all the trouble I've caused.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** It's fine son, I know it was traumatic what you went through. From what we've seen you should be proud you're so able to communicate so shortly after things. Others haven't been so, durable, I think would be the word.

> 

> **Alistair:** I guess, I guess...

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** May I ask why you wanted to speak with *me* specifically?

> 

> **Alistair:** You've been on the SCP-9307 team longer than anyone else, and... I hope you'll be understanding, I guess. You have talked to a lot of the witnesses and dealt with their stories more than anyone. Cept, maybe Rudolf. But he's... harsh.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** True, I suppose. Very well! I have a few questions I have written down in my notes here if you don't mind me asking them. Then I'll answer any of yours, at least as far as confidentiality will allow me.

> 

> **Alistair:** That's fair. Ask away, sir.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Ok, so. First. Knowing what we know about SCP-9307 manifestations, do you believe you have identified the possible root issue that caused you to be, "on its radar" so to say?

> 

> **Alistair:** I- I think? I've been doing a lot of thinking on it since it happened. The psychologist they brought in has been trying to help to me find it, but I feel most the time she's just talking past me as much as she is talking to me, so it really hasn't been helpful but... I think I know what it is.

> 

> **Alistair:** The problem is I got upgraded to Level 2 clearance.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Isn't a promotion generally a good thing? I know it came with a nice pay bump.

> 

> **Alistair:** That was nice, but-. When I first joined the Foundation, I felt like my eyes had been opened to so much. Like a baby seeing color the first time. And then I got that promotion and suddenly all that shit that had amazed me looked so small in comparison to the shit I read in the reports I then had access to. Now for months I've been dreading about the shit they haven't told me about yet -

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Korban.

> 

> **Alistair:** Not that I even *want* to know it! I'm... I'm... I feel like I'm groping out into the dark. I've touched something! Something big and loud and its snarling at *me* and I know I WON'T-

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Korban! Christ son, calm yourself! You're safe, no need to get yourself worked up! Please!

> 

> **Alistair:** I- So- Yessir.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Now, you said you've been thinking on this for a while. Have you noticed any lingering effects?

> 

> **Alistair:** From the skip? I don't think so. Should I?

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** We have documented recurrent memories of the anomaly and its vocalizations. Some can tell more intuitively when thoughts are alien to their minds. Others not so much. Given your career to this point, I suspect you should fall into the former group. So, if you don't think you've noticed anything, then there's probably nothing to worry about!

> 

> *Alistair can be seen shifting uncomfortably in bed at the suggestion. He raises his hands to his temples and hums quietly in an apparent effort to identify any such influence.*

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Let's not dwell on it. Next question. Do you feel you have been recovering well?

> 

> **Alistair:** Yes... I think I've been recovering from a lot, since then. I feel so much better since it visited me. I'm sorry I can't really describe it any better. I just. I feel bigger, I think.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** What do you mean?

> 

> **Alistair:** Maybe it was the thing, maybe it was just how I reacted, but I feel proud of having stood up to it. Even if it was pointless, I showed it I was able to not be scared. Even in the face of something so awfully alien to... everything.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** I see. I'll make note of that. Suppose that just leaves my last question, and this is more open to your interpretation so feel free to say whatever's on your mind just be honest with the answer, what do you feel its motivations may be? Now that you have had a firsthand encounter with it, that is.

> 

> **Alistair:** I don't know any better than I did before. I have an inkling, but I'm not confident in it.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Please, son, anything will help.

> 

> **Alistair:** ... It could have killed me. I pointed a gun at its face. Nearly shot it *in* the face. I would've killed me, had I been it. But it didn't. It... hugged me. I... I think it cried with me. There on my bedroom floor. I know my face felt cold and wet more than it should have. Whatever it wants, I don't think it’s meant to hurt us. I don't know if...

> 

> *Mr. Alistair grows silent and again shifts uncomfortably in the bed. Feed shows him glancing around the room with a look of guilt and concern as his eyes fall on the camera in the corner of the ceiling.*

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** I... I understand what you mean son. Thank you for your cooperation. I'll see about getting you some sweets in here, I know you're dying for something other than the standard issue rations they've been feeding you.

> 

> **Alistair:** Thank you sir. Can I ask you something?

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** You've been more than cooperative Korban, I don't see why not.

> 

> **Alistair:** Did you know about the camera?

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** How did-

> 

> **Alistair:** One of the security guys let it slip. I didn't call attention to it at the time.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Ah. No. I didn't. It was brought to my attention only *after* the encounter.

> 

> **Alistair:** Oh... Had he- SCP-9307 not appeared, would they have stopped...

> 

> **Alistair:** Can I ask you one more thing? Or request something, I guess.

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** What, Korban?

> 

> **Alistair:** They haven't started giving me any chemicals or medicine yet. They've been imaging my brain to see how it looks in its current state. When they're done, I know they're gonna try and pave over this. They're gonna make me forget and then they'll want us to act like it never happened. But, I don't want... I don't wanna just gloss over this like these feelings, these thoughts aren't real! Please, can you stop them?

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** Son, I think you need to consider you have been exposed to a mind-altering anomaly, any course of action you're considering right now-

> 

> **Alistair:** Sir, please, I don't care. I don't care if I lose rank for this, I don't care if I'm fired completely! I DON'T want to go back to where I was! Please, don't let them bottle me back! I've read about the other encounters, the good it did for them, PLEASE!

> 

> **Dr. Amari:** [Sigh] I'll see what I can do, Korban. Just rest, okay?

> 

> **<End Log>**

</details>

Following this interview, Junior Researcher Korban Alistair would be subjected to a number of both mnestic and amnestic based treatments undertaken with the supervision of the Memetics and Infohazards Division. The full details can be found in document "9307-B.2", which is available upon request by personnel of Level 4 security clearance or higher. Initial tests showed erratic reactions to the treatment as well as sharp decline in mental stability. 

Following administration of Class G amnestics as part of the [REDACTED] Protocol, mental stability reverted to normal levels at the cost of 3 weeks worth of memories. Researcher Alistair reassumed his duties 5 days after treatment and subsequent testing was concluded. Has since been performing at acceptable levels of efficiency.

It was noted by the SCP-9307 research team's divisional liaison, Dr. Aloïsia Becker, that the resignation of two researchers in reaction to Mr. Alistair's treatment bared alarming markers of Co-Infection Defensive Empathy as observed in cases related to SCP-████. Particularly in the wording of their resignation letters and conversations had by them with Dr. Becker.

**Addendum 9307-C:** Data gathered from Foundation webcrawlers alongside review of field agent reports has uncovered a marked increase in SCP-9307 sightings between the years of 2017 and 2019 (23.9 ± 3.2-2.9%) with further increases anticipated as years progress. This in conjunction with the retroactive investigation of ██ Foundation personnel for suspicious personality shifts has called into question SCP-9307's object class.

To confirm whether or not current personnel assigned to SCP-9307 could be considered compromised, especially in light of previous encounters, a series of tests to identify memetic influence were conducted on all members of both research and containment staff. 

Results for research staff have been included here.

| Name | Position | Results |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = Dr. Amari Duffy | = Head Researcher | = **##ORANGE|MINOR CONTAMINATION##** |
| = Dr. Rudolf Vonnegut | = Chief Data Analyst | = **##GREEN|CLEAR##** |
| = Dr. Aloïsia Becker | = Memetics and Infohazards Division Consultant | = **##GREEN|CLEAR##** |
| = Dr. Imelda Pugliesi | = Chief Psychiatrist | = **##GREEN|CLEAR##** |
| = Dr. Felisa Marino | = Senior Researcher | = **##GREEN|CLEAR##** |
| = Dr. Scout Wolfe Employment terminated given uncooperative actions amid investigations.  | = Senior Researcher | = **##RED|MAJOR CONTAMINATION##** |
| = Dr. Shaun Males Resigned from SCP-9307 posting during testing.  | = Senior Researcher | = **##ORANGE|MINOR CONTAMINATION##** |
| = Dr. Giulia De Rose | = Senior Researcher | = **##GREEN|CLEAR##** |
| = Laurence Ford | = Junior Researcher | = **##ORANGE|MINOR CONTAMINATION##** |
| = Cecil Roffe Resigned from SCP-9307 posting during testing.  | = Junior Researcher | = **##ORANGE|MINOR CONTAMINATION##** |
| = Dietrich Sauer | = Junior Researcher | = **##GREEN|CLEAR##** |
| = Ivon Winkler Resigned from SCP-9307 posting during testing.  | = Junior Researcher | = **##ORANGE|MINOR CONTAMINATION##** |
| = Lorelei Steube | = Junior Researcher | = **##ORANGE|MINOR CONTAMINATION##** |
| = Korban Alistair Excluded from these rounds of tests as he was still in a probationary status at this point.  | = Junior Researcher | = N/A |
Analysis by experts within the Memetics and Infohazards Division has determined that much of the contamination exhibited by members of SCP-9307 staff can be tied to other well-understood anomalies, being SCP-████ and SCP-████ which multiple members of staff were previously assigned to. The possibility of a latent infohazardous influence that SCP-9307 possesses has however not been discounted. Increased scrutiny has been recommended to administrative personnel of Site 24.

**Note 08/03/2021:** The Site-24 Ethics Committee Liaison has reviewed the situation and found claims of harassment among lower members of research staff to be unsubstantiated. Heightened security and frequent tests in regards to suspected cognitohazardous developments are standard. Any further accusations made against senior staff will be investigated as attempts to waste Foundation resources and may result in disciplinary action.

**Addendum 9307-D:** The following is an abridged list of sightings that have occurred since 2019. Chosen to highlight the disproportionate representation of the wealthy (13%), politically affluent (16%), and unveiled members of society (23%) among subjects SCP-9307 chooses to appear to.

| Subject | Encounter Description | Subsequent Observations |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ████ █. ███████, Manager of a [REDACTED] fast food location in [REDACTED] | Subject reported SCP-9307 had appeared inside their filing cabinet while they were staying after hours to complete paperwork. It begun to emanate a song like the [REDACTED] company jingle mixed with notes from the opening of [REDACTED], a show they claimed their children watched often. | Anomalous activity across the area saw a sharp decline in weeks following the encounter with ████ showing marked signs of increased mental stability. ████ has been placed under more permanent surveillance in light of these events. |
| ███████ █████, CEO of the [REDACTED] Corporation | Had been standing in the open window of his office on the ninety-second floor of [REDACTED] Tower in [REDACTED] when SCP-9307 appeared behind him. Reported it had wrapped its arms around his chest and held him in place for a period of fourteen minutes while quietly breathing into his ear. | ███████ would quit his job days after the encounter and leave the country immediately after. Was rediscovered by Foundation agents 3 weeks later working as a laborer on a Vietnamese farm, thereafter his testimony was extracted. |
| Emmanuel Oshton, known Serpent's Hand agent | Details unclear, had been assigned to assassinate an undisclosed Foundation employee and had entered their home when SCP-9307 was encountered. Was present in the building for a maximum of thirteen minutes before they left and cut contact with co-conspirators. | Whereabouts unknown at this time. Serpent's Hand has made multiple attempts to reestablish contact with Oshton to no success. Embedded agent responsible for communicating this knowledge admits it is likely some details have been withheld from them. Updates are still ongoing. |
| ███ ██████ ███████ ███, member of the Australian House of Representatives | Refused to provide details of encounter to interview personnel. Security camera feeds from outside the restroom of the Parliament Building where the encounter took place confirm sounds of violins and percussion instruments for a thirty-nine-second-long period. | Following the encounter Mr. ███████ would spend several days in a "spiritual retreat" alongside a longtime friend and Catholic priest by the name of █████ ████████. Exhibiting increased religious fervor and a marked shift towards pacifistic national policies. |
| Dr. Josef Borecki, Head of Counter-Memetics Research at Site-93 | During a rotation of security staff, Dr. Borecki’s office was left unmonitored for one-minute-seventeen seconds when he reported SCP-9307 to have manifested inside one of his desk drawers. Review of his office after the incident would reveal he was using his terminal to research the force required to break a ceiling fan and as well as the calculator application. No comment was made by Dr. Borecki on the context of these items. | Willingly underwent treatment to reverse SCP-9307’s influence and has since been cleared by psychiatric staff. Work efficiency remains at an optimal level. |
Advisors from the Emergent Threat Tactical Response Authority have warned that SCP-9307's activities constitute an impending threat to both informational security and global political stability. Increased security measures have been recommended ~~and are pending review by Head Researcher Dr. Amari.~~ ##Green|Recommendations have been endorsed by Dr. Becker and implemented by Site Director Kenimach.##

Additionally, the protests of █ members of research staff has made it evident a likely previously unestablished infohazardous property to SCP-9307 has been propagating in staff responsible for its study. To allow for investigation into this matter, Site Director Kenimach has placed a three week freeze on all other research into SCP-9307 as of 16/07/2021. Personnel who suspect their colleagues may be compromised are advised to review the emergency line numbers for their facility as can be found in Section 9 Subsection 3 of most Foundation employee manuals.

**Addendum 9307-E:** The following notice has been appended to SCP-9307's documentation by the request of Head Researcher Dr. Amari immediately prior to his resignation from his posting. 

> Attention all SCP-9307 research staff. I write this with no light heart as I have been assigned to this anomaly for the better part of my career and have served as the Head Researcher for it for the last quarter of that. But all things must end eventually, and it is evident I have been compromised in my research of this anomaly and so the end it must be.

> 

> I would call it the sentimentality of an aging man, others, older than me, would call it infection. While I am aware, those of you as of yet left beneath me have their doubts and have been made to question much of the right our organization has to what we do, know that I stand by the judgement of our superiors whole-heartedly. I feel we have grown too comfortable with this abnormality and have allowed ourselves to be convinced that it is permissible for what it is.

> 

> I only blame myself for such developments.

> 

> We are the Foundation. We are not here to make moral judgements, nor to try and fix what we feel are problems with the world. We have a duty. To Secure. To Contain. To Protect. I learned early that when you join this line of work you leave any other notions at the door when you clock in. If I'd have just remembered.

> 

> Understand, that SCP-9307 is no less an anomaly. Its effects upon the human mind are unnatural, and by that nature alone abhorrent on their face. The persistent resistance and discontent which had developed under my watch is only further proof of the necessity of our work.

> 

> As I see it, I am far too compromised to continue to provide even advisory support to whosoever shall be my replacement. Just so, I have put in a request for a sweeping amnestic treatment which shall scourge my knowledge of SCP-9307 from my mind. I leave my extensive notes on the anomaly in the care of my successor, Dr. Becker, who I expect shall hold onto and make effective use of them. If you have any further questions of me, please direct them her way.

<< [SCP-9306](SCP-9306) | SCP-9307 | [SCP-9308](SCP-9308) >>
