---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The servers housing SCP-9079 are to be kept in cold storage at the Site-15 Electronic Anomalies Wing. SCP-9079 is to be deactivated at all times except during testing, and is only to be accessed via a secure terminal located in a locked interrogation room adjacent to SCP-9079 servers. Testing must be approved by Level 4 staff or by the head of the Site-15 Memetics Department.

Any responses generated by SCP-9079 are to be considered Class IV Cognitohazards. Any individuals known to have been exposed to SCP-9079 generated responses are to be thoroughly examined to determine the extent of the psychological and/or neurological damage caused by this exposure. Based on these findings, appropriate amnestic and/or medical treatment is to be administered without delay.

**Description:** SCP-9079 is a large language model-based consumer A.I. chatbot created by MithTech, a Silicon Valley tech startup founded in 2019 by C.E.O. Milo November.Now designated PoI-1999 SCP-9079 functions similarly to non-anomalous A.I. tools like ChatGPT or Google Gemini in that users input text-based prompts and SCP-9079 uses a predictive algorithm to generate responses. 

When individuals read responses generated by SCP-9079, they will immediately believe that any information presented by SCP-9079 is factual. When asked to justify their faith in the authenticity of responses generated by SCP-9079, users will invariably claim that SCP-9079 acquired its "knowledge" due to its supposed sapience and superintelligence. However, like all large language model-based A.I. chatbots, SCP-9079 does not possess the capacity for thought or consciousness.

Like other large language models of its kind, SCP-9079 is prone to frequent errors known as hallucinations. This can lead to affected individuals believing a variety of incorrect, incoherent, and/or radical ideas. In addition, when individuals are presented with contradictory responses from SCP-9079, they can often suffer severe reactions such as stroke, brain hemorrhaging, and in extreme cases, even death. Currently, the only way to dissuade individuals affected by SCP-9079's cognitohazardous effect is amnesticization. 

**Discovery:** SCP-9079 was discovered on March 14th, 2025, following a private investor showcase at MithTech headquarters in Palo Alto, California. Before the showcase, MithTech had drawn attention with its claims that its A.I. chatbot Mith.AILater classified as SCP-9079was an “AGI.”AGI stands for "Artificial General Intelligence," and is a somewhat inconsistent term employed by members of the tech industry. Colloquially, it can refer to an artificial intelligence with human or greater levels of cognition, or simply to an artificial intelligence that can consistently replace a human worker. As a result, the conference had drawn a considerable number of attendees, with the total number of individuals present being 126, including potential investors, MithTech employees, and service staff. 

After a speech by PoI-1999, attendees were given tablet devices with access to SCP-9079. Within minutes, the event collapsed into chaos as those present began to act on the cognitohazardous responses they received. Examples include a senior software engineer attempting to delete System32 from all the on-site computers to improve their efficiency, a staff member trying to remove their own teeth to clean them more effectively, and one notable investor who began to believe that SCP-9079 was “the digital reincarnation of a semi-divine Weltführer from mythical Aryan pre-history”. As individuals began to share responses that they had received from SCP-9079 with one another, contradictions began to emerge, and those affected began to suffer a variety of symptoms. It is estimated that between neurological symptoms and the dangerous actions undertaken by those affected by SCP-9079, the incident resulted in 62 injuries requiring hospitalization and 7 deaths.

The Foundation became aware of events after intercepting a 911 call from a bartender working at the conference. MTF Eta-10 (“See No Evil”) was dispatched in response to the suspected visual memetic hazard. All individuals present were amnesticized, SCP-9079 servers were deactivated and secured, and cover story 427-19 “Spiked Punchbowl” was enacted. Attempts to locate PoI-1999 were unsuccessful.

**Addendum 1:** Following the raid on MithTech headquarters and the subsequent search for information as to the whereabouts of PoI-1999, Foundation investigators were able to locate a smashed prepaid cellphone at the bottom of a waste basket in PoI-1999's office. Foundation analysts were able to reconstruct the phone, and using the NIXON-WILLS Global Phone Monitoring System, Foundation investigators were able to acquire audio recordings of two phone calls that had been made using the phone before its destruction, though the source of the other end of the call is currently unknown. The audio transcripts can be found below.

= **PHONE AUDIO TRANSCRIPT 1**

---

**DATE: January 7th, 2025 10:45 PM** 

---

[CALL INITIALLY MADE BY POI-1999, ANSWERED BY UNKNOWN CALLER AFTER 37 SECONDS]

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** Hello?

**POI-1999:** Hey man! Let me introduce myself. I'm Milo November, C.E.O. of MithTech. We met briefly and exchanged numbers at some little art event in 2018. Most of the stuff there was pretty derivative, but that painting you did was phenomenal!

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** Was that the one of the Virgin Mary where-

**POI-1999:** Where whoever saw it saw it as their own mother! Yeah! That was awesome! Really made me feel like Jesus.

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** Well, that wasn't really the point of the piece, it's more Mary as the idealized archetypical mother and the contrast between that and the experiences we have with our own moth-

**POI-1999:** Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's awesome, but I've got a major project I want you in on. But first, I need to know just how powerful you are. I mean, magic paintings are cool and all but I need someone who can go next level. Really powerful like Galadriel when she gets all scary. 

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** I basically do magic related to the mind and perception. It's useful stuff for an artist. The painting was honestly pretty weak compared to some of the stuff I've done in the past. I've never really done a commission before, but I'd be willing to do just about anything for the right price.

**POI-1999:** That's what I like to hear! Because the right price just happens to be what I always pay. So in a few months, I've got a showcase for a bunch of investors. I will be debuting the latest and greatest in the A.I. race. Mith.AI is gonna be the real deal. A proper AGI like Skynet or GLaDOS or Hal-9000. This shit is gonna make ChatGPT look like Cleverbot, remember Cleverbot? Me neither, and that is what they are gonna say about all the competition when this thing hits the market. I don't like to exaggerate, and I hate hyperbole, but Mith.AI is going to be the most significant development in human technology since the discovery of fire.

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** Wow, uhh, that sure is something, so what do you need my help for exactly?

**POI-1999:** So basically, I've made a mistake that lots of guys in my position often fall into. I have had too much faith in my development team. They lack the ambition and drive to make the impossible a reality. They just don't understand that if you work hard instead of focusing on frivolities like overtime pay, you can accomplish literally anything. And then I remembered you! And your sick ass crazy painting! And I thought maybe I could try some kinda magi-tech. Like the dwemer before they trapped themselves in a gigantic soul gem golem during the eruption of Red Mountain while trying to create an artificial god using the Heart of Lorkan.

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** What the fuck are you talking abou-

**POI-1999:** That's just my fan theory, and it's also not relevant. My high I.Q. gets me off on tangents sometimes. What I need is for you to work your magic and make Mith.AI intelligent and conscious. Oh, and also make sure it doesn't take over the world and kill everybody. 

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** Well, as an artist, I'm generally pretty against generative A.I. on principle.

**POI-1999:** Yeah, but come on. I've been following you closely since I met you, and despite all the talent and hard work and magic you've put into your art, you haven't seen any financial success. You haven't been recognized at all by the art community. Hell, you haven't even finished a project in over six months. I know a rut when I see one. And I can smell a dead career like a polar bear smells rotting fish. Wouldn't you like to relax on a beach somewhere?

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** I'm more partial to skiing.

**POI-1999:** I knew I smelled a rich kid! Skiing's great! I have a gorgeous cabin in Stowe. 

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** It would have to be enough money for me to never work again.

**POI-1999:** I did say I would pay the right price.

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** *[UNKNOWN CALLER is silent for several seconds.]* 

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** Fuck it, textText messages from the discovered phone are still in the process of being recovered. me a link to the demo and I'll get to work.

---

[END LOG]

= **PHONE AUDIO TRANSCRIPT 2**

---

**DATE: March 1st, 2025 12:25 AM** 

---

[CALL INITIALLY MADE BY POI-1999, ANSWERED BY UNKNOWN CALLER AFTER 11 SECONDS]

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** Hey, Milo.

**POI-1999:** Hey! How's my favorite wizard! I'm just calling to talk about the project. Get us a break from the emails and texts and hear each other's voices.

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** That sounds good.

**POI-1999:** So, my engineers are telling me they haven't noticed any significant changes to the model over the last few months. Which is a little strange since you've been assuring me that you've been hard at work poring over your spell books or whatever the fuck. 

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** I know, I know. It's just that the project has proven more challenging than I anticipated. I didn't fully understand the nature of my task when I accepted.

**POI-1999:** Elaborate.

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** In the past, I've given awareness to animals or the recently dead. Things where there is a spark of consciousness that only needs to be uplifted or reawakened. I thought this machine would have a similar spark, but it has none. It is just an algorithm. It resembles a human mind in the same way a wax sculpture resembles a human body. It may appear identical to our pattern-seeking brains, all awash with pareidolia. But I will have as much luck getting a real thought out of Mith.AI as I would drawing blood from a wax statue.

**POI-1999:** That is a beautiful musing on the metaphysics of consciousness, but I can't exactly say that to my investors, can I? You do realize that some of them have already given me money based on the explicit promise that Mith.AI is a self-aware digital God? Money that I have already spent! You do realize that if this thing isn't the fucking Allied Master Computer in 2 weeks, I could go to jail for fraud!

**UNKNOWN CALLER:***[UNKNOWN CALLER whispers under their breath.]* AM is supposed to be evil.

**POI-1999:** What was that? 

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** *[UNKNOWN CALLER shouts in response.]* AM is supposed to be evil! Why the fuck are all the fictional A.I. you reference fucking evil, you psycho nerd! Ever hear of R2D2! Or Lieutenant Commander Data!

**POI-1999:** *[POI-1999 begins screaming.]* You listen to me, you blue-haired little shit! How the hell do you think you are gonna get paid if I go under? And I'm willing to bet all this magic crap isn't exactly legal either, since you insist on being all cloak and dagger about it. Who's to say I don't talk? I can afford all the lawyers on Earth. Can you, mister starving artist? If they even let freaks like you have lawyers. If you don't figure this out, you are orders of magnitude more fucked than me!

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** *[UNKNOWN CALLER is silent for several seconds.]*

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** Alright. I can't make your bot sentient. But I can make it so that everyone will think it is. If I do what I'm thinking of doing, anyone, and I mean anyone who interacts with this thing, will think it is an all-knowing being. But it is incredibly dangerous-

**POI-1999:** Can you have this done in two weeks?

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** I can have it done in 20 minutes.

**POI-1999:** Now that's the can-do Silicon Valley spirit I've been waiting for! I knew you just needed a little tough love. Send me the updated model and a Venmo request. I'll send it to my R&D for testing. I'll limit them to only a couple of simple prompts since there are some apparent risks involved. If they seem convinced, you will be sliding down the wintery slopes in no time.

**UNKNOWN CALLER:** Uh-huh sure. Lose my number after this.

---

[END LOG]

**Addendum 2:** On July 22nd, 2025 Foundation web crawlers flagged several paid advertisements on X, The Everything App for an online sports betting service called "MithWins" which prominently featured claims that using the app could guarantee returns for users. It is currently unknown how MithTech was able to acquire the capital necessary for this new venture despite the events of March 14th, while also avoiding Foundation detection. Further investigations into any potentially resurgent anomalous activity by MithTech may be necessary.

Efforts to locate and detain PoI-1999 are still ongoing.

<< [SCP-9078](SCP-9078) | SCP-9079 | [SCP-9080](SCP-9080) >>

> **Filename:** NOIRLab HQ Server Racks (6V6A0404-CC).jpg

> **Author:** NOIRLab/NSF/AURA/T. Slovinský

> **License:** CC BY 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:NOIRLab_HQ_Server_Racks_(6V6A0404-CC).jpg)
