**Item #:** SCP-9063

**Object Class:** Pending

**Special Containment Procedures:** As of Pemberton Hospital's closing, Foundation assets embedded in the Pemberton livestock industry are to periodically check on the vitals of livestock under their care. The site of Pemberton Hospital and the land surrounding Slaughter Mount have been bought by Foundation front companies and made inaccessible to the public. 

**Description:** SCP-9063 is a series of abnormal fatalities occurring in and around the unincorporated community of Pemberton, Texas. As of Foundation recording, no cause for these fatalities has been established, nor have the conditions for such an anomaly to occur been identified. As of writing, the last SCP-9063 incident occurred on October 20, 2024. 

The population of Pemberton has decreased to 26 as of the 2020 US census. Independent Foundation figures predict population figures further decreasing, and a separate Foundation census in 2025 recorded 21 individuals remaining in the community. As such, containment of SCP-9063 is currently considered low priority. 

**SCP-9063.1:** History

The first confirmed instance occurred on May 7, 1996. 77-year-old Madison Neely had been admitted into the facility eight days prior for treatment of a ruptured hernia, and had been attended to by Dr. Nick Schott. Due to severe pain, Neely elected to stay overnight in the hospital, regularly visited by family. 

At 3:04 AM CT, nurse Dresden Wheeler entered Neely's room to check up on her after hearing a series of bangs coming from the area. Neely was found missing from her bed. A police search was called, at which point on May 9 Neely's body was found 3 miles from the hospital atop a small hill in a supine position. 

Neely's hands had been severed cleanly, the wounds appearing to have been treated with an unidentified bleach product to treat the bleeding. Additionally, her lower jaw was found completely removed, later discovered 30 meters away from the site of her body. Her hands have not been found.

Upon autopsy, Neely was found to have at some point ingested ~45,000 mg of sildenafil Commonly sold under the brand name Viagra.  before her death. Cause of death was identified as complete cardiovascular collapse, however conflicting analyses indicate that Neely was possibly alive for 6-10 hours after ingesting the chemical. No method of ingestion or injection was identified. 

Dr. Schott was initially identified as the prime suspect for Neely's death, however without conclusive evidence he was unable to be tried. At this point, the Foundation's Abnormal Deaths Office had been tipped off to Neely's manner of passing. 

Her death remained unsolved, and public opinion had largely shifted in favor of Schott as the unusual circumstances of Neely's passing had become public. The Foundation did not find it necessary to suppress said information at this time. Starting on January 2, 1997, Schott was allowed to resume work at Pemberton Hospital. 

On April 1, 2001, Schott did not return home from work. His wife, Mary, assumed his absence to be an April Fool's Day joke, however later remarked that such manner of joke was out of character for him. However, after 25 hours of no response to Mary's phone calls, community members went out in search of Schott. After confirming he had not spent the night with friends or colleagues, the police became involved, and a search was launched. 

Officer Chet Fergusson thought to check the same spot as Neely's body on the night of the search. There, the body of Schott was found atop the small hill. The conditions of his body were nearly identical to Neely's; the hands and lower jaw had been severed and the wounds treated with bleach. Similarly, upon autopsy, ~47,000 mg of sildenafil was found within his system.

The Foundation launched an investigation into the phenomena, designated SCP-9063, on April 3, 2001, in collaboration with the Federal Bureau of Investigation. However, after eleven months, no conclusive findings were made: the manner of Neely and Schott's deaths, other than the effects of ingesting upwards of 40,000 mg of sildenafil, could not be connected to any sort of foul play, nor were any means of bodily entry discovered. Investigators hypothesized that the chemicals were inserted through the oral cavity after incapacitation, however further analysis indicated that the selective mutilation of both cadavers had occurred shortly after death, and no other signs of incapacitation were identified. 

As of 2001, no new instances of SCP-9063 occurred. HMCL Erik Baum declined to designate SCP-9063 as Neutralized, instead advocating for the anomaly's inactivity. 

Due to the financial troubles beginning in 2008, Pemberton Hospital closed down, coinciding with economic troubles faced by the wider town. By now, community memory of Neely and Schott's deaths had largely faded, persisting in the form of an urban legend advising against approaching the hill on which the bodies were discovered at dark. Said hill has been named "Slaughter Mount" by locals.  

*Update 10-20-2024:* On October 20, 2024, the Fischerbach Dairy Company, which operates 2.3 miles outside of Pemberton, reported the disappearance of 17 dairy cows from the company-owned pasture. Police investigated the surrounding areas, yielding no concrete findings; tracks were entirely absent outside of the pasture, and there had been no sightings of stray cattle within the vicinity. 

However, on October 23, high school students Keith Dunbass and Owen Walther traveled to Slaughter Mount on a dare from their friends. At 12:03 AM CT, Dunbass and Walther arrived at the house of Karen Scouse experiencing acute nausea and distress. Each had been rendered nonverbal, and after admittance into the care facility of the neighboring town were found to have ingested upwards of 100 mg of sildenafil. Additionally, a large laceration on Walther's right ankle was identified as a bite mark belonging to an unidentified animal.  

After treatment, the boys reported the discovery of the 17 cattle deceased upon Slaughter Mount. Autopsy revealed identical conditions to the cadavers of Neely and Schott, with upwards of ~180,000 mg of sildenafil ingested. 

Dunbass and Walther were unable to recall the details of the attack, stating that it was "too dark".

As of 2025, there have been no new occurrences of SCP-9063.

*Update 6-1-2026:* 7 severed human hands found in the attic of the Pemberton Hospital building. Owners of 3 remain unidentified due to advanced decay.

Dentation on Walther's wound have been conclusively matched to that of a dairy cow.

<< [SCP-9062](SCP-9062) | SCP-9063 | [SCP-9064](SCP-9064) >>
