---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Further severe thunderstorms in the Oklahoma Panhandle area should be monitored for signs of anomalous behavior. Anti-cyclonogenic atmospheric chemicals are available for deployment in the region, in accordance with guidelines for humane treatment. 

**Description:** SCP-9708 was a severe, tornadic supercell thunderstorm which occurred on May 11, 2027. SCP-9708 began south of Guymon, Oklahoma, an area highly accustomed to tornadoes. SCP-9708 came to Foundation attention due to its unusual duration, moving over 200 kilometers in three hours, moving abnormally to areas of suitable atmospheric saturation for the continuation of the storm. Lightning dramatically increased at times when SCP-9708's course took it near to areas incapable of supporting it. Embedded Foundation personnel reported SCP-9708 to personnel at nearby Site-39 around 20:34. Shortly thereafter, cooling evening temperatures began to weaken the storm.

SCP-9708 directly struck the grounds of Site-39 eighteen times with lightning in a circle centered around the Site-39 climate lab, and came close enough to the facility with its tornadic vortex to result in a staff shelter-in-place order. At 20:41, SCP-9708 fell below EF-3 intensity by wind speed, and began more erratic movement. A radar scan of SCP-9708 determined that the vortex was capable of basic controlled locomotion via a series of internal sub-vortices. This ability noticeably deteriorated as the storm's intensity weakened due to the cooler evening air. 

At 20:56, SCP-9708 fell to EF-1 intensity. Radar indicated that near the center of the storm, an area of incredibly dense convection no more than three meters in diameter repeatedly replicated and mimicked the ordinary dissipation of a tornado, despite a lack of atmospheric dynamics capable of manifesting at such a small scale.

At 21:00, SCP-9708's internal subvortices dissipated, resulting in the free movement of the anomaly, and an intense uptick in lightning to over 400 strikes per second, far beyond the rate of any known mundane storm. SCP-9708 tracked through the city of Amarillo, Texas during this time, with lightning and wind combining to cause 14 deaths and 128 injuries. 

At 21:10, SCP-9708 fell to EF-0 intensity. The tornadic vortex remained entirely still above the burnt remains of a single-family home previously struck by lightning over 400 times, resulting in the death of all occupants. SCP-9708's internal vacuum extinguished the flames at the site, with the dispersed heat completing the dissipation of the tornadic vortex. SCP-9708 dissipated to atmospheric vapor over the next three minutes. 

No further anomalous activity was detected.

<< [SCP-9707](SCP-9707) | SCP-9708 | [SCP-9709](SCP-9709) >>

> **Filename:** 960px-Tornado_near_Punkin_Center,_CO.jpg

> **Author:** Stefan Klein

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Tornado_near_Punkin_Center,_CO.jpg
