**Item #:** 9491

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The property containing SCP-9491 has been purchased by front company A-22. At least one member of Foundation security is to be present at the location at all times. The space containing SCP-9491 is to be regularly inspected from outside the area to ensure no changes have occurred to SCP-9491, nor has any structural damage occurred to the containment zone. SCP-9491 should be described by its connection to the containment zone.

**Description:** SCP-9491 refers to the collective designation of humanoids stored in a warehouse in Correy, Pennsylvania. The warehouse, constructed in the late 1930's, features an expansive subterranean space of approximately 30m x 60m x 8m. This space is only accessible through the warehouse's interior.

SCP-9491 does not refer to the altered mental state of humanoids stored within the space underneath the warehouse. The state SCP-9491 does not refer to resembles deep meditation and an apparent state of emptiness, advertised as a connection to the Buddhist philosophy of śūnyatā.

The humanoids within the warehouse correspond to some individuals committed to mental facilities within the state between 1946 and 1967. These individuals who came to exist within the subterranean space had all been declared missing from their respective facilities.

The walls of the space SCP-9491 reside within are scratched. The source is not SCP-9491, as any humanoid within the space will lack the necessary motor function.

<< [SCP-9490](SCP-9490) | SCP-9491 | [SCP-9492](SCP-9492) >>

---

> **Filename:** Rosemary_Kennedy_in_1931.JPG

> **Author:** Richard Sears

> **License:** public domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Rosemary_Kennedy_in_1931.jpeg
