# WARNING:  BY ORDER OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL, THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 4/9027 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 4/9027 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** As of now, there are no known means of containing the proliferation of SCP-9027. A misinformation campaign is to be continuously held within the general media, claiming that SCP-9027-1 instances are suffering from mental health disorders. If any incidents related to SCP-9027 come to public attention, MTF Gamma-5 (“Red Herrings”) is to be promptly dispatched to the location and amnesticize civilians as necessary. 

Any individual suspected of being affected by SCP-9027 should undergo a questionnaire to determine if they are currently an SCP-9027-1 instance, amnesticized, and released (as per the Ethics Committee's decision). However, SCP-9027-1 instances should remain constantly monitored by undercover Agents until their cessation, and their cause of death is to be altered to any believable common cause, at personnel's discretion.

Due to recent unexpected developments regarding SCP-9027, the procedures above are currently deemed insufficient. New Standard Containment Procedures are pending. (See Addenda for details.)

**Description:** SCP-9027 is the designation for a behavioral pattern presented by individuals who seemingly have no connection with one another. Individuals affected by SCP-9027, henceforth designated SCP-9027-1, undergo two stages of deterioration.

* **Stage 1:** Initially, SCP-9027-1 instances undergo a process of isolation, gradually reducing their interaction with other individuals until it becomes nearly nonexistent. Additionally, all known instances of SCP-9027-1 begin to consider themselves "already deceased" and claim they no longer have any desire or motivation to participate in any kind of activity, including those that they formerly enjoyed. Although SCP-9027's initial symptoms may appear relatively similar to symptoms of depression, treatments provided by mental health professionals have proven completely ineffective thus far. 

* **Stage 2:** After a period ranging from three months to two years, SCP-9027-1 instances cease all movement and most biological functions (ingesting water, eating, urinating, defecating, and sleeping) except for breathing. Consciousness also remains unaffected. Attempts to communicate with SCP-9027-1 instances during this stage have failed. Stage 2 can last from a period ranging from two to six months before the complete cessation of life signals. 

SCP-9027 is capable of proliferating via verbal communication between an unaffected individual and a SCP-9027-1 instance. The amount of time needed for this effect to take place varies. However, it usually occurs within a few days of daily interaction (80% of registered cases). In 15% it happened after a week of interaction, and in 5%, within an hour.

**Discovery:** After an unusual increase of individuals considered as "severely depressed" by the Foundation's mental health professionals embedded within local health-related facilities in Kyoto (Japan), Uberlândia (Brazil), and  New Brunswick (Canada), in 2021, the Foundation started conducting a series of interviews with said individuals. 

Within 3 years, 714 interviews were conducted. In 89 cases, the interviewees became SCP-9027-1 instances and had to be suspended from their duties indefinitely. Moreover, each of the 89 aforementioned interviews had a common aspect: the interviewed subject repeatedly claimed to be "already dead" in different ways during their speeches. 

A few months later, several victims (already including Foundation's personnel) went through Stage 2 of SCP-9027. At this point, its anomalous properties became clear, and the interviews have been shortened to avoid further proliferation.

The following are examples of interviews conducted with SCP-9027-1 instances. These are deemed free from any memetic or cognitohazardous effects.

> **Date:** 29/07/2022

> 

> **Interviewed:** Norman Douglas, a Canadian 27-year-old brickslayer. The subject had not contacted any family member for months and was considered "socially awkward" by his co-workers.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Newman Sarter

> 

> **Dr. Newman:** Hello. How are you today?

> 

> **Norman Douglas:**  I'm alright, I suppose.

> 

> **Dr. Newman:** Can you tell me about your life?

> 

> **Norman Douglas:** I usually wake up and go to work. When I get home, I usually waste all my time doomscrolling on TikTok or watching random YouTube videos.

>  

> **Dr. Newman:** Do you have friends or family?

> 

> **Norman Douglas:** After I moved from my parents' house, I started talking to them less and less, and now I barely have any contact with them. They never cared much, though. If anything, I think they're happy I'm not bothering anymore. Friends? I haven't had any since high school.

> 

> **Dr. Newman:** I see. But is there a specific reason why you decided to live in isolation?

> 

> **Norman Douglas:** I feel dead inside. People don't like people like me. I lost all my interest in everything this world has to offer.

>  

> **Dr. Newman:** What exactly made you feel like that?

> 

> **Norman Douglas:** I'm not entirely sure. Life itself. I hate it, I wish I had never been born at all.

> 

> **Dr. Newman:** We know you searched for professional help in the past. How did that go?

> 

> **Norman Douglas:** You mean psychologists and shit? Yeah. But I quickly saw that they couldn't understand me at all. Totally useless. I even tried some meds, but they were also useless.

> 

> **Dr. Newman:** Do you have any plans for the future?

> 

> **Norman Douglas:** Not really. The only reason I still didn't end it all is due to the respect I have for my parents. But I'm not really alive anymore.

> 

> **Dr. Newman:** So, can you give more details on "feeling dead?"

> 

> **Norman Douglas:** It's hard to explain. I think I lost the energy to live or whatever. Things feel meaningless. Everything. I can't feel anything. Be it sadness, happiness, fear... Just anything at all. I feel like I'm turning into a robot.

> 

> **Dr. Newman:** I see... Thanks for your answers. We're done for today.

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Subject was amnesticized and released without any incidents. (Update, included on 02/01/2024): 20 days following the interview above, Norman Douglas resigned from his job and was found deceased on his bed 6 months later. 

> **Date:** 15/11/2023

> 

> **Interviewed:** Mariana Silva, a 34-year-old Brazilian, divorced and unemployed, living with her parents. Subject's mother claims she has always been "quiet and reserved," however, she began actively avoiding any human contact since the event that led to her divorce (3 months prior to this interview), and refuses to leave her house.

> 

> **Interviewee:** Dr. Marcos Cardoso

>  

> **Dr. Marcos:** Hello. We heard you went into total isolation for the past months. Why is that?

>  

> **Mariana Silva:** I'm dead. No energy for interactions.

> 

> **Dr. Marcos:** Did something specific happen with you to make you feel this way?

> 

> **Mariana Silva:** I've had a few problems, yes. But I kinda felt like this since my childhood. Like I'm existing but not really belonging to this world.

>  

> **Dr. Marcos:** Have you tried anything to feel better?

> 

> **Mariana Silva:** The concept of "feeling better" isn't something I could ever grasp. I don't know its meaning. I thought Carlos *(subject's ex-husband)* understood how I felt. He told me he did. But then I found out he was just using me and never truly cared.

> 

> **Dr. Marcos:** I know it's something personal and sensitive for you, but could you give me details on what went wrong between you and your former husband?

> 

> **Mariana Silva:** It's simple. I found out he was cheating. I'd rather not talk about it, though.

> 

> **Dr. Marcos:** That's truly unfortunate. I'm sorry that happened to you. Could you elaborate further on how you feel about life in general?

> 

> **Mariana Silva:** Hmm. How could I put it... I never felt like I could understand feelings properly. I only feel what could be described as emptiness. An infinite amount of it. Maybe that's why I never did well with people. All of my relationships have always been shallow. That said, I can pretty much act like a normal person for the sake of surviving.

> 

> **Dr. Marcos:** Have you ever been diagnosed with anything?

> 

> **Mariana Silva:** Actually, yes. A psychiatrist once told me I have high-functioning depression. But I don't think it's just that, to be honest.

> 

> **Dr. Marcos:** Why not?

> 

> **Mariana Silva:** I've tried several therapy methods, and I also used the medication prescribed to me correctly for an entire year, but I still couldn't feel any kind of change within myself.

> 

> **Dr. Marcos:** I see. Do you have any plans or goals for the future?

> 

> **Mariana Silva:** No, when I think about my future, the only thing I see is a blur. Nothing.

> 

> **Dr. Marcos:** Alright, I think that's enough. I sincerely hope things will get better for you, Mariana. Take care.

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Subject was amnesticized and released without any incidents. (Update, included on 07/07/2025): Mariana Silva is confirmed to be currently in Stage 2 of SCP-9027, and the subject's mother and father also became SCP-9027-1 instances. As this is an uncommon case in which several affected individuals reside within the same environment, an urgent request to update SCP-9027's Special Containment Procedures was sent to the Ethics Committee by several Level 4 researchers. The proposed update includes capturing and quarantining all current known SCP-9027-1 instances until their life cessation in order to prevent further proliferation. This request is pending.

**Addendum 9027-A:** A considerable increase in new SCP-9027-1 instances has occurred since June 2025 (5392 new individuals undergoing Stage 2 were registered in 52 different countries.) MTF Gamma-5 has been reporting difficulties in keeping track of all casualties, amnesticizing witnesses, and generally maintaining the occurrences unveiled. Rumors of a new disease are already starting to spread in the general media, despite the Foundation's efforts. An emergency reunion between the O5 Command, the Ethics Committee chairman, and its most prominent members is scheduled for 15/08/2025 to discuss new ways to deal with SCP-9027. 

**Addendum 9027-B:** During the aforementioned reunion, it was noted that O5-█, O5-██, and ████ ██████, from the Ethics Committee, presented symptoms similar to those presented by individuals undergoing Stage 1 of SCP-9027. They are currently quarantined for observation. The reunion was suspended immediately. As of now, no new procedures have been developed, and no further reunions have been scheduled.

<< [SCP-9026](SCP-9026) | SCP-9027 | [SCP-9028](SCP-9028) >>
