=====

=====

**Content Warnings-** ⚠️ **Colonialism, racism, references to genocide, references *and* depictions of torture.**

**Item #:** SCP-9813

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** Field agents operating in areas of heightened resistance may be issued SCP-9813 items to be carried on their persons' for the purposes of pacification of nearby individuals. Agents will be provided instructions of feeding times with portioned containers of liquid feed prepared ahead of operations.

Agents are instructed to not read the items. Chips planted in the dermis of the covers will inform of any attempt to open and examine them.

SCP-9813 items not currently in use are to be housed individually in Safe-Class Small Organism Containers housed at Site-19.

**Description:** SCP-9813 designates ██ organisms which resemble King James English translations of the Christian holy text known as the "Bible." The covers are composed primarily of chitin with microscopic analysis of the pages showing they are similar in structure and composition to silk as is produced by *bombyx mori* (Domestic Silk Moth). Mouth parts are present at the top of the spine which also allow the item to expel waste.

<details>
<summary>+ Level 4/SINAI Security Clearance Required</summary>

The scriptural contents of SCP-9813 are consistent with other prints of the King James English translation, with the addition of excerpts from original manuscripts in Latin at relevant portions alongside both classical and contemporary commentaries also findable in mundane prints of the period. As such, ███ instances of since classified information is present.

Research into genetic alteration of SCP-9813 items to bring this information in line with the Sinai Protocol is ongoing within the Department of Continuity.

</details>

Coloration of the covers proports the items were printed at Oxford University from the Clarendon Press in the year 1832. Three names are listed as having been the printers responsible however no such individuals appear to exist in surviving records from that period. Coloration on the inside of the back cover bears the signature of one "[Sir ██-███████](beneath-the-name)" alongside the following; "For our brothers in Christ in India. May the savages come to see the light and mercy of God." Investigations have determined from surviving records that Sir ██-███████ was a known occultist and shareholder of the British East India Company. Further information appears to have been lost during early enactment of the Veil Protocol.

When a sleeping subject is within a 9-meter proximity of an SCP-9813 item they will begin to experience vivid dreams and be rendered catatonic for the duration thereof. This duration is dependent on the strength and contents of a given subject's beliefs prior to exposure. Belief systems that are irrational or which encourage the subject to act more aggressively have been shown to result in longer durations of resultant dreams. Individuals who report to be atheists are not immune to this phenomenon. Removal from SCP-9813's presence has shown to have no effect on the duration or contents of resultant dreams.

Dreams resulting from exposure to SCP-9813 have been reported as universally traumatic. Events depict the subject or others known to them being at the epicenter of an event important to their belief system blended with motifs and imagery from Christian mythology. Commonly this is violent in nature. With the subject or those others known to them being exposed to repeated harm whilst being forced to submit confessions regarding various transgressions committed either individually or collectively, make accusations against others, and renounce previous beliefs. These dreams have been shown to make subjects more docile and open to suggestion in the days immediately proceeding exposure.

**Discovery:** SCP-9813 was first discovered during investigations into a spike of assault cases and drug use in [REDACTED], Louisiana, United States in the summer of 2014. Reports from agents embedded into state law enforcement indicated that residents of the area showed consistently impaired cognitive functions with the majority of subjects lacking any decision-making capacity. Subjects also exhibited archaic and extreme theological positions out of line with those dictated by the Sinai Protocol which caused them to clash with law enforcement at every encounter.

The town of [REDACTED] was determined to a be a rural community ██ km southeast of the city of Lafayette where much of the residents had been split between feuding churches that all claimed the others to be theologically corrupt. The preachers of two of the churches and the wife of the third were discovered to all be resistant to the influence of SCP-9813 items, which they were in possession of.

The interrogation log of one of these subjects has been appended below.

<details>
<summary>+ Level 3/9813 Security Clearance Required</summary>

> **Interviewed:** Agent ████ Franz

> 

> **Interviewer:** Gregory Filmoor

> 

> **Foreword:** Mr. Filmoor is one of 3 individuals recovered from [REDACTED], Louisiana found to be in possession of SCP-9813 items. He was, at the time of discovery, preacher of the Second [REDACTED] Baptist Church. His wife and children were also interviewed but were found to be less coherent.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> [Security feed shows Mr. Filmoor struggling against the handcuffs binding him to the table of the interview room. He is sweating and red in the face. Mumbling of numerous slurs and swears can faintly be heard against the buzz of the lights above him. The door creaks as Agent Franz enters.]

> 

> **Agent Franz:** Hello Mr. Filmoor, I wanted to ask you some questions.

> 

> **Filmoor:** You can ask my ass, fed! Where's my lawyer, this isn't legal! And not one of your state lawyers who just work to fix the trial! I want Nathaniel Morton on 3rd Cattle Drive; he's more a man then you'll ever be! He'll get me out of here! Fuck, I need out of here. I'm missing service, the flock needs to see me or God will think I'm absent! Is that what you want!? Rapture's coming any day now and I'll be damned if on the day of judgement, I'm found in some Jew slave's jail cell instead of the church!

> 

> **Agent Franz:** Mr. Filmoor the sooner you answer my questions the sooner we can send you on your way.

> 

> **Filmoor:** I done told you I'm not answering no damn questions! You're just trying to pin your manmade laws on me! The only laws I hold to are the ones made by Jesus and Acts 5-29 *Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God before men.* - Excerpt appended from current King James English translation.  is clear, we must obey GOD rather than MAN! And I have not seen a single cross or portrait of the lord and savior since I got here so I can only assume you're one of the state's Satan worshippin heathens! I RENOUNCE thee, and I DEMAND a lawyer now!

> 

> [Agent Franz makes an unamused expression whilst Mr. Filmoor gestures angrily towards him. He stands and steps out the interview room for some minutes before returning with an SCP-9813 item that he brings down onto the table with an audible clap.]

> 

> **Filmoor:** Where'd did you get that- did you bastards search my home!? You need a warrant fo-

> 

> **Agent Franz:** We actually wanted to ask you the same thing about this bible here, Mr. Filmoor. Well, it and the five others identical to it you have. As well as the ones your siblings had.

> 

> **Filmoor:** The fuck is your problem!? Owning a bible isn't illegal! You can't do this! This isn't right! I knew Barack Osama was an idolator, but I didn't think he'd go this far! I have rights, the Constitution sti-

> 

> [Agent Franz brings his left hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose.]

> 

> **Agent Franz:** Mr. Filmoor, I assure you, we are not agents of the federal government. Our questions are just out of curiosity for these items. Because we know you are aware of some of the more, bizarre, qualities they possess.

> 

> **Filmoor:** I don't know shit! You can suck m-

> 

> [Mr. Filmoor suddenly stopped speaking with his mouth hanging open. Agent Franz appears intrigued and attempts to regain the subject's attention to no result. Following his gaze, it appears that Mr. Filmoor was staring into one corner of the interview room.]

> 

> **Filmoor:** Ah. I see...

> 

> **Agent Franz:** What?

> 

> **Filmoor:** Nothing. Nothing. What did you wanna ask, fed?

> 

> **Agent Franz:** Hmm, well it was about this bible and the other copies you have. They're quite old, and they seem odd to be in your possession given where the cover says they're from. How did you and your siblings acquire these?

> 

> **Filmoor:** Didn't.

> 

> **Agent Franz:** Who did then?

> 

> **Filmoor:** Our grandfather. Gregory, I'm named after him. Did missionary work over in Asia to convert pajeets and chinks. Brought the books home one day as a curiosity he'd collected.

> 

> **Agent Franz:** Why would he collect these? Specially given they are *alive*. And do you know where he got them?

> 

> **Filmoor:** Dunno on that last bit. But he said he was fond for them from the moment he found them. And they helped a lot with his work over there. And, course, once he had them he realized how many others wanted em.

> 

> **Agent Franz:** Oh? Others? Who are they, did he say?

> 

> **Filmoor:** Well of course pagan, debased, backwards savages like those over in those parts hate to hear the word of God. But something about these books in particular upset them real bad. Cording to my daddy, grandpa had people hunting for him the moment he picked the first of them up. He wasn't sure who they were if they were all the same people. But every once in a while someone in one of those pajeet villages would just randomly attack him and try to take the books off him. Always saying something about their demon idols while they did.

> 

> **Agent Franz:** I see. I assume they have been in your family's possession since?

> 

> **Filmoor:** Yes sir.

> 

> **Agent Franz:** What is it with this feud between you and your siblings?

> 

> **Filmoor:** Cause love em though I may they are twisted false prophets! They use the word of God as a sword to make the good folk of [REDACTED] bend to their every whim! You should see what Samantha's done up at that school! It is straight disgraceful!

> 

> **Agent Franz:** You know, that's funny.

> 

> **Filmoor:** What?

> 

> **Agent Franz:** They said the same thing about you!

> 

> **<End Log>**

</details>

In the end, a total of ██ SCP-9813 items were recovered from [REDACTED]. Given the prolonged exposure the residents had to the items and information they contained, amnestics were deemed to be an inadequate measure of cover up. Instead, the local sheriff's office was replaced with Foundation agents and the process of incrementally depopulating the town was initiated.

Subjects which showed minimal cognitive damage were subjected to memetic conditioning and folded into other civilian populations. Subjects which retained at least basic functions were taken on as low level staff in facilities around the area. Remainder were folded into D-class population.

**Addendum 9813-1:** From 13 to 21/11/2014 information was incrementally provided by staff acquired from [REDACTED] regarding what was determined to be the locations and concentration of additional SCP-9813 items.

When questioned how this information was obtained and why it was not offered previously subjects expressed a mixture of confusion and distress. Through use of mnestics and advanced interrogation techniques, multiple subjects confirmed that the information had been obtained in dreams. It was also determined that the dreams of these subject now permanently resembled those caused by SCP-9813 items.

Following the information provided, a British Occult Service facility was discovered in the outskirts of the rural village of Ty-Mawr in the United Kingdom. It was quickly evident that a conflict had occurred some hours before the arrival of Foundation agents with the presence of corpses, running vehicles, ongoing fires, and damage to furnishings both on the top side and within subterranean levels. Mixed among the bodies of Service agents were those of plain clothed individuals armed with submachine guns and possessing of various narcotics. Tattoos of a [tree symbol](activity-documentation-file-11-a) were present on the backs of their right hands indicating █ ██████ ██████████ ██ ███ ███████ ██████████. Notably, some corpses of Service agents showed evidence of wounds inflicted by 5.56x45mm ammunition.

Locked in a vault on the bottom floor of the facility was ██ additional SCP-9813 items along with various documents of varying levels of legibility. A single surviving Service agent was present, identified as Timothy Henderson, who showed signs of cognitive degradation. He was only minorly injured with a stanched gunshot wound in his arm. Questioning yielded no information as the agent was only muttering the phrase "Matthew 18-6" *Woe unto the world because of offences! For it must needs be that offences come; but woe to that man by whom the offence cometh!* - Excerpt appended from current King James English translation.  repeatedly.

Most other documents within the facility were found to have been burned or otherwise rendered destroyed/illegible. Computer systems were wiped, including security feed footage, with a number of hard drives discovered smashed or on the bodies of the plain clothed corpses. 

Data recovery teams were able to salvage information that points to the use of SCP-9813 items on nearby populations by the British Occult Services and the recall of all such items in their possession by the director of this facility in October under unclear circumstances. It is suspected additional items remain in the possession of the British Occult Service.

**Addendum 9813-2:** Attached are select portions of Document 9813-C, which was recovered during the raid on the British Occult Service facility in Ty-Mawr. The document appears to have been a digitized then printed copy of numerous letters exchanged between employees of the British East India Company sometime around 1843 given references to attacks made by member of the ████████ tribe. The document details early deployments of SCP-9813 items within territories controlled by the company.

<details>
<summary>+ Level 3/9813 Security Clearance Required</summary>

> Dearest Councilor Hogg,

> 

> I dare say our chief occultist has outdone himself. When I first heard of his efforts to create an item such as this I faintly imagined something so neatly made, so blessed by the Maker. I imagined some crude and crass approximation of God's creation. Barely able to pass the standard of appearances from an unwise glance. Yet here I am, delivered by the dozen such masterful works of the mystical arts! Were I not instructed of how to look, I would be fooled and blind!

> 

> This will serve well! Yes! And they have not arrived a moment too soon to my Bengal.

> 

> Since our last communication those fleeting weeks ago, I have run into issues regarding the coal mine in Teerat that has begun to spill over, so to say. Food is still running short since last we spoke thanks to damnable, incompetent bastard John over in Madras, and now the workers have begun to fight with us. At first I assumed it would simply be a labor dispute, and the deployment of the army could break them, but alas they keep reorganizing and making all that racket in the streets instead of working.

> 

> I wouldn't bring this to your attention if it weren't for the fact they have been raiding supply lines. We have no proof, of course, as everyone who runs into them ends up dead or vanished into the depths of the jungle good as dead; but its focused around Teerat and they don't look as hungry as they did before.

> 

> To make matters worse I have begun to run into issues attempting to mobilize the army in the area.

> 

> Bad dreams, they say. Horrible nightmares of that arch-demon Kali carving into them for their sins against the Bengali people. I have even heard talk of some of the men being witness to foul demon magics performed by the local brahmin in such dreams. Speaking to them directly, conjuring up deepest fears to ward them off, setting in their minds traps to cripple them should they transgress further. I assure them such madness is of course only the illusions of our failing flesh. But, of course, we both know how terrible these savages and their devil worship can be.

> 

> I have been assured by the stewards sent by Sir ██-███████ that a byproduct of the works of these wondrous Bibles is the passive warding of the mind against such insidious influences. I will soon put that to the test.

> 

> With good tidings,

> Governor-General Edward Law

> Dearest Councilor Hogg,

> 

> I send this letter not long after the last because I have seemed to run into an issue with the Bibles. Blessed as they are, they do not appear to make much distinction between the idolatrous savage and the right good Christian.

> 

> Several men I have charged with carrying them have come back to me mere shells of themselves. They beg I take the items off their hands with trembling breath and weakened figures. When I ask why most simply said they got a terrible feeling from the things but one, who is of good memory, was able to articulate dreadful dreams of being burned upon the idol of Moloch he was sure the book had caused him.

> 

> Several more I issued the books, I suspect, have had the same experience and refused to speak to me of it for some reason. Instead, they have gone to the bishops here in Calcutta to voice their concerns and feelings of inadequacies. The bishops, of course already informed of the goings on around these little items, came to me seeking advice on how to handle it. I instructed them to do and say whatever was necessary to keep these agents loyal and working.

> 

> I am more carefully selecting my agents going forward. As it stands I'm using the men who have been unbothered as a model to find other candidates, but I fear there is much trial and error for me with this method. If you could speak to Sir ██-███████ of this issue and get back to me with his insights that would be appreciated.

> 

> With good tidings,

> Governor-General Edward Law

> Dearest Councilor Hogg,

> 

> As requested I have reviewed the reports of my foremen and compiled as much data as I could upon the recent deployments of the Bibles in and around Teerat. Much too much to fit into this one letter so expect additional packages to come with this. To put in brief:

> 

> ||~ Location ||~ # Residents ||~ Exposure Period ||~ Status ||

> || Teerat || 4,700 || 3 weeks || Pacified and converting at rapid pace ||

> || Hannua || 1,600 || 15 days || Pacified ||

> || Buris || 1,400 || 9 days || Still showing signs of resistance ||

> || Suzabad || 750 || 12 days || Pacified ||

> 

> I am also excited to say we have finally recovered the bodies of the three agents lost, albeit with strange discoveries to come with them. Almost all the men appeared to have saplings sprouting from their heads with roots spread into their brains. The men who recovered them said they had found the lot in Buris while hunting for one of those dreamer brahmin.

> 

> Supposedly the cadavers had been in a hidden basement in the local temple where some eunuchs were pouring alcohol into their lips and dosing them in perfumes while tattooing devil symbols into their skin which none of my men can identify. The eunuchs fled immediately, as one would expect. One was almost captured but according to my mercenaries he suddenly had talons erupt from his mouth and behind his eyes the moment he was outside the town limits. He was likely dead before he hit the ground.

> 

> I am certain the brahmin sense their position. They will likely make moves against us soon. I intend to get ahead of them.

> 

> I send with this letter one of the recovered cadavers. The other two have been given proper Christian burials. A servant of mine will bring Sir ██-███████ payment to study this body so we may learn the secrets of these devil worshipping savages and strike at them with fresh vigor. In the meantime, I will instruct my agents among the missionaries to begin pushing the locals harder.

> 

> It is evident that it is not enough they come to accept the true God, they must be made to destroy all remnants of their pagan past. Less it drag them all to Hell.

> 

> With good tidings,

> Governor-General Edward Law

> Dearest Councilor Hogg,

> 

> Oh dearest, dearest Hogg! Success after success! These brahmin have been driven out! Their followers have been made to submit or have been stomped to death beneath the boots of the righteous among them!

> 

> Hungry as the people are, they are ZEALOTS of the most *blessed order*!

> 

> I heard word that, amid one of the prayer gatherings organized by my agents among the missionaries to beseech God to end this drought and bring to us a bountiful harvest, the dreamer brahmins attempted to stage an attack upon us. They declared, in that foul pagan language, that us "gora" had exploited Bengal for too long! That nature cried out and wept for freedom from the "raping" inflicted upon it by industry and civilization!

> 

> I heard, to such joy, that the first of these dreamer brahmin to speak up was stoned to death where she stood by the screaming mob! Quickly, taking up mining implements, using what little strength they had left, the workers chased from their village these heathens! Cast them into the jungle and beat senseless those who did not leave quick enough! They then went about the village gathering up everything they had which reminded them of their idols!

> 

> And dearest Hogg I cannot describe the joy I feel with this next bit; they burned them up!

> 

> At last, I say! They have come to know the glory of civilized living!

> 

> With good tidings,

> Governor-General Edward Law

> Dearest Councilor Hogg,

> 

> I write to you now with troubling news to share. Despite my best efforts it is evident to me that my men have begun to doubt our mandate. The bishops say the men feel guilty. Many of them do not sleep around their Bibles anymore.

> 

> They say they are troubled at night with visions of weeping angels. Fair skinned, beautiful men in white robes bound by neck and ankle with golden chains, crying blood at the foot of their beds. Looking to them brilliant eyes like stars in the night sky, casting the light of judgement God's upon them, they speak with a voice like a crashing waterfall.

> 

> "What have you done? What have you made of the Christ's word?" They ask.

> 

> I I (sic) do not know what to make of these reports. I fear it is the influence of the surviving brahmin. Likely seeking revenge for their fallen kindred. It is likely I feel the protection of the books is more imperfect than initially anticipated. I have increased the warding around my personal manor at the direction of Sir ██-███████'s servant.

> 

> In, some lighter news, quotas at the Teerat mine are being met again. The population has also stabilized at around 2,900 with the rations brought in from China by the Royal Army.

> 

> With good tidings,

> Governor-General Edward Law

> Dearest Councilor Hogg,

> 

> I write this letter hastily, partially in guilt and partially in duty.

> 

> One of the missionaries came to me the night I pen this. Jackson, I believe his name was. He was a former agent of mine who had been present for the Teerat business. Was raving mad! Angry and struggling to string two words together! It was evident he had not slept in a while from how disheveled he appeared.

> 

> Said that he could not take the guilt anymore! Could not stand by with what we had done, what we were doing. He told me I needed to recall all the books so they could be destroyed! Not just burned but have the spirits which rested inside them torn to sunders so they could never touch the mind of a child of Christ again!

> 

> I tried to speak sense to him! I tried to remind him of the souls he had saved by turning them from their pagan idolatry! He begun to accuse that this was never about Christ to me! He called me a greedful slug who had worn the word of God as a cloak to hide the degeneracy of my bottomless avarice! He claimed that I took joy in the suffering of these people! That, somehow, I loved to see these poor men and women starve! That if I had it my way they would all die getting me coal!

> 

> I admit I lost my temper. I could not take the slander he laid upon me! I began to beat him! I do not know for how long but by the end I am sure he was dead. I have paid some of my most well trusted men to sneak his body out the city whilst I consider what to do.

> 

> I beg you, please Councilor Hogg, give me some guidance! I do not know who else to ask. Please.

> 

> Governor-General Edward Law

</details>

Utilizing information obtained from this document, as well as other surviving records of the period, a series of raids have been conducted on the former facilities of the British East India Company alongside the homes of surviving descendants and the tombs of specific former employees. In total, ██ SCP-9813 items have been recovered thanks to these efforts.

**Addendum 9813-3:** On 14/03/2015, a journal belonging to an individual who had evidently done mercenary work for the East India Company was discovered by the Recordkeeping and Information Security Administration within the archives of Site-02 among other materials dating to before the enactment of the Veil Protocol. Much of the contents appear to have been illegible on discovery with most of what remained having since been heavily redacted with no records surviving of the previous portions.

With re-analysis it is believed that the journal details an incident involving SCP-9813 items. Sections have been appended where deemed relevant.

<details>
<summary>+ Level 3/9813 Security Clearance Required</summary>

> ~~-~~

> ██/██/186█

> 

> A [illegible] were called, these █████. The governor brought them in and showed them to us under the light of the moon in some secluded section of the port. They were neatly packaged [illegible] atop piles of hay to keep them cushioned and [illegible]. Each of them [illegible]  so precious- [illegible] they were newborn babes.

> 

> I admit, I saw beauty in them on that first sight.

> 

> The governor gave us a long speech. Talked about God. About the coming end times. The signs in Europe and the Americas that Revelations was nearer to fruition than ever. That with these █████ from back home we would SAVE these people. That the pagan mind would at least be subdued and the Indian freed of [illegible].

> 

> I pray that God forgives me [illegible] lie so sweet. May He most holy in Heaven understand how I was led astray.

> ~~-~~

> ~~-~~

> ██/██/186█

> 

> They didn't tell us what the █████ did exactly. Some of the men were exposed. I saw how it changed them. James Plymouth was one of the missionaries. He was a drinker and had a problem of going to [illegible] kept shut about it cause he was the nephew of someone high ranking in the company.

> 

> First night he had that book he slept for 18 hours. Woke up screaming. Hadn't touched a [illegible] the year since then last I'd heard.

> 

> Another man, Wilson Filigree, slept with his. He woke up [illegible] and was mute for a week after. Eventually I got him to tell me what happened. He said he dreamt he was at the parliament building with ███ █████. Using a brush to paint sheep's blood over the chairs of [illegible] lords. ███ said something [illegible]. And then the Angel of Death erupted from the beneath the floor and set the whole parliament building ablaze. It took hold of him. Whipped him. Skinned him. Made him confess. Again, and again and again. Never satisfied [illegible].

> 

> We used them on children.

> ~~-~~

> ~~-~~

> ██/██/186█

> 

> When I caught wind the Crown was seizing the Company's occult assets and much of the storehouses for them in Bengal I guessed they were after the █████ first and foremost. [illegible] The company used them to such good effect. [illegible]

> 

> 214 towns or villages. At least that I know of. That's how many places we used these on. Half of them were already Christian [illegible]. Just striking.

> 

> How many thousands did we [illegible]?

> 

> Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.

> ~~-~~

> ~~-~~

> ██/██/186█

> 

> [illegible] visits me in my dreams. It whispers directions. When I fled with the █████ into the jungle I left with no purpose [illegible] reason. I see now God has carried my feet so far. May He carry them further.

> 

> The █████ do not know what I do. I keep them wrapped in linen in my backpack. Inscribed with [illegible] prayer (in Greek of course). All ten I was able to take with me. They are heavy. They grow heavier by the day. I take it to be the sin they carry. The burden of my cross, which the Christ demands I carry for the sake of my and my race's salvation. To atone for [illegible]

> 

> Please God, let me reach where you will I go.

> 

> Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.

> ~~-~~

> ~~-~~

> ██/186█

> 

> I lose track of the day as I go on. I am hungry. I am so cold and scared in the dark of the night. I hear [illegible] It takes all my focus to hide amidst my dreams from the ire of the █████. They grow [illegible] I fear. They grow restless even faster.

> 

> [illegible]  tells me little of where I am being led. Only that there is [illegible] will assist me in destroying these little monsters. I ask why I cannot simply dash them to the rocks and let them rot neath [illegible]. The angel tells me their spirits would not perish so easily. Allowed to slip into the deep well of the mind that is [REDACTED], they would inflict only further pain upon the people.

> 

> I cannot fail. I assure myself. I cannot allow them to harm any further.

> 

> [illegible] me, a sinner.

> ~~-~~

> ~~-~~

> ██/186█

> 

> The angel and I talk more. It is all it can do to help my burden as I do my best to hide my mind from the █████. We speak of many matters now. She still withholds much from me. But she has illuminated that much more I would not have found without her. Put words to the things I've seen, helped me remember, so I may find the strength to keep myself going where my frail body fails me.

> 

> I visited Teerat once. One of the first great successes of these █████. The men and women [illegible] bones and skin, they were so hungry. They carried in teams buckets of coal. I could hear the crackling of their femurs as I walked near them.

> 

> I asked one of his pain. He smiled and said that the Christ shall reward him [illegible] tenfold [illegible] the pain of this one. And he piled more coal onto the company wagon.

> 

> He died a week after. [illegible] lungs were black as an ash pit.

> 

> [illegible] me, a sinner.

> ~~-~~

> ~~-~~

> 186█

> 

> The █████ have come to realize [illegible] informs me they have alerted the Company to my activities. They hunt for me now.

> 

> Every night I am tormented by dreams of Hell. In one I stand beside my two sisters back home before King ██████████████, who bears the face of Arthur sprouting from the side of his head. He demands answers for my insolence and casts us into the fire. In another, I stand before Noah's Ark, outside London. The rain falls on my head, streaks down my brow. From windows [illegible] demand to know the names of my co-conspirators before [illegible]  and my body is thrown into the rocks by the ocean current.

> 

> My only respite is the wakeful hours, where I must carry my boulder up the hill at the goading of the angel beside me. In hopes I may reach the top and mend the sins of my people, before one of my kin may [illegible] from beneath me. And my boulder rolls back down to the bottom.

> 

> [illegible] mercy [illegible]

> ~~-~~

> ~~-~~

> 186█

> 

> The angel tells me I am in Sepoy territory. That I near my destination. I have but short days to go. The brahmin will receive me, and my work will be complete.

> 

> Lord [illegible] have [illegible] me, a sinner.

> ~~-~~

> ~~-~~

> 186█

> 

> Just some more hours [illegible] God, let me make this final trek. Let me prove we may be [illegible]. Let me stand a testament that good [illegible]

> 

> I realize now what these █████ are. They are not demons. They are not conscious nor [illegible] thinking. They are vessels. [illegible] filled with all our sin. All our greed and hate and need for power. They are our bastard children [illegible] most honest reflection. It is why the company made them. Why the crown wants them. Why they cannot be allowed to live.

> 

> They are a perversion born of our hands to enforce control only.

> 

> Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.

> ~~-~~

</details>

With examination of the full journal, as well as documents located in reference to it, it would appear the item was recovered from a village in West Bengal sometime in the 1890s during a conflict between the then nascent SCP Foundation and a section of the Bengali people who had █████████ ████ █ religious sect ███████ ██████ █ collection of brahmin possessing ███████ ███████ which allowed for the ██████████ of their █████ into the noosphere and across the █████ ██ ██████. Notably, no SCP-9813 items were documented among materials recovered in this same period.

The population is documented as having been wiped out in their near entirety. However, they are also documented as having appeared again during the climax of the Indian Independence Movement in the late 1930s as well as during the Sino-Indian War in 1962. In the former case interfering with Foundation operations in India and in the latter providing intel to left-wing extremist groups against the Indian government.

It has been deduced that the group at this time largely operates within the noosphere. Whether this group constitutes an entity entirely independent from the ███████ ██████████ or a semi-autonomous branch of it is unclear.

<details>
<summary>+ Further Addenda Locked to Level 4/9813 Security Clearance</summary>

**Addendum 9813-4:** In the year preceding the 2016 election cycle of the United States, Foundation resources were struggling to maintain control over the proceeding of events. Particularly due to mounting efforts by movements on both the left and right sides of American politics which made them progressively distance themselves from Foundation controlled institutions and individuals. This was namely the Occupy Wall Street and Tea Party movements respectively.

To ensure that regardless of which side won the country remained amenable to Foundation goals, the Department of Continuity forwarded the following proposal.

> 

> ++ ##GREEN|OPERATION ELISHA##

> +++++ Authors: Dr. █████ Kavanaugh & Dr. █████ Murray

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> ++++ Goals

> 

> To ensure the American political and economic establishment remains within the control of the Foundation so as to facilitate smooth containment and the persistence of normalcy, the objective of this operation is to shift American religious beliefs to a form amenable to Foundation goals and preferably also within a shape which is easy to be controlled by Foundation operatives.

> 

> This may be done by the alteration of existing religious institutions, as has been accomplished through the Sinai Protocol and similar existing activities; or through the creation of new religious movements. Whichever is more accomplishable.

> ~~-~~

> 

> ++++ Methods

> 

> * First, populations of heightened visibility will be identified by Foundation analysts. High population cities like the national or state capitals are most efficacious for this.

> * Second, insertion of agents equipped with SCP-9813 items into the population with instruction to carry the items on their persons at all times. Visiting of hospitals, hotels, and other areas of high resting activity is necessary.

> * Third, agents embedded into water treatment facilities are to introduce Class G amnestics to the drinking water. Individuals not exposed to SCP-9813 will be made similarly susceptible to the insertion of new ideas and will likely follow along as those that were exposed fail to resist the following measure.

> * Fourth, insertion of memetic vectors into broadcasts and prints which will gradually shift beliefs of the targeted areas towards Foundation desired doctrines.

> 

> It is hoped through these measures that general American political thought can be narrowed into forms acceptable for Foundation goals.

> ~~-~~

> 

> ++++ Expected Complications

> 

> Given repeated intervention attempts against the use of SCP-9813 by members of the ███████ ██████████, primarily those now designated by the Foundation as the Sepoy Dreamers, it is likely that the measures employed as part of this will be uncovered by them and efforts will be made to hamper our agents and likely to disrupt the veil.

> 

> As such, heightened information security measures will need to be taken in targeting cities. Sabotage of internet services under the guise of maintenance or outages will restrict the capacity for hostile elements to spread awareness of Foundation operations. Dissemination of backdoor software that would allow us to monitor electronics activity on numerous devices simultaneously with the assistance of Artificial Intelligence Constructs would also be of use in this effort.

> 

> Mobile Task Force elements disguised as police should remain available to support agents during any outings. Also, given the effects of Class G amnestics when used on such large scales, it is likely that amid our efforts heightened social tensions will arise. Given the ongoing election cycle already disrupting cohesion among the populace, fighting among civilians is likely. Detainment of especially violent individuals and their specific exposure to SCP-9813 may help mitigate this.

The operation was approved in September of 2015 and carried out over the winter in 6 American cities those being Albuquerque, New Mexico; New York City, New York; San Diego, California; Wichita, Kansas; Tampa, Florida; Baton Rouge, Louisiana; and Arlington, Texas. While not the only measure taken to influence the results of that election, it has been considered a success as the nominations of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Jr. for the Democrat and Republican parties respectively eliminated much of the threat previously posed by other candidates.

~~However, the operation did result in █ SCP-9813 items being lost in Tampa, alongside the agents who were charged with handling them. They are presumed destroyed. While the culprits were not identified, it is suspected the Sepoy Dreamers played a role in this~~

It has since been determined a defecting agent with connections to the Sepoy Dreamers was responsible for these actions. All lost SCP-9813 items have been recovered, along with the agent responsible following their capture in [REDACTED], Iran on ██/05/2016. A portion of the interrogation log of this agent has been attached here due to insights it has provided into the reach, motives, and goals of the Sepoy Dreamers which should be kept in mind for operations going forward.

> **Interviewed:** Eustice Connard

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. ██████ Madina

> 

> **Foreword:** For the purposes of this interrogation, former Agent Connard was kept in a state of only semi-lucidity with the help of various chemical solutions thus allowing him to be actively questioned whilst also being subjected to the effects of an SCP-9813 item. Such allowed for the study of its effects on his cognition and memory retention whilst also warding against intrusions by members of the ███████ ██████████.

> 

> Contents of Connard's resultant dreams were obtained through the use of equipment outlined in Document 9813-4B.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> [Audio recording devices can pick up Connard mumbling prayers to himself. He has been hung up by his ankles from the ceiling with his bound hands hanging beneath him. There is a soft dripping sound of his sweat falling to the cell floor. He is blindfolded but monitoring equipment reports that he is perceiving the interior of Site-19 which has been redesigned to bear architecture and decorations reminiscent of those described among accounts of the first temple of Jerusalem. Individuals are present, dressed in vibrant cloaks and tunics with faces hidden beneath golden bull masks. Each holds a stone and a whip. Each demands a question that cuts into Connard's ears like hot knives.]

> 

> **Connard:** [whispering] And it shall come to pass, as soon as I am gone from thee, that the Spirit of the Lord shall carry thee whither I know not; and so when I come and tell Ahab, and he cannot find thee, he shall slay me: but I thy servant fear the Lord from my youth.

> 

> [Connard slips through the halls of the false Site-19. Nude and exposed. Thirsting and in pain. Blood is left in a trail behind him like the mucus of a snail. Armored men and women with radiant faces crowd around him as he moves. Audio recording devices pick up a panicked struggling sound as one runs a sickle-shaped sword along the skin of his back. An accusation is levied against him that is not recorded.]

> 

> **Connard:** And Elijah said, As the Lord of hosts liveth, before whom I stand...

> 

> [The door to the interrogation cell is pulled open and the tapping of dress shoes on the concrete nears Connard. His breathing can be heard hitching as his dreams shift and lose coherency for some moments. When they return, he lies atop a sacrificial altar. His legs and arms too weak to move. Cloaked figures surround him. A crackle of thunder comes down from the clouds above. White glowing aircraft are visible circling above like vultures. He turns his head to the left and sees the statue of a golden calf high atop a burning pyre of filing cabinets and human bodies.]

> 

> **Connard:** [stammering] Elijah took twelve stones, according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob, unto whom the word of the Lord came, saying, Israel shall be thy name.

> 

> [A radiant figure slowly lowers from the clouds above. It hurts to look upon and makes Connard visibly wince. Audio recording devices note the sounds of a chair being moved.]

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Connard. You're nearing hour 8 of this. You won't survive much more if the medical readings are anything to go off.

> 

> **Connard:** Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day th-

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Shhhhhhh, enough of that Connard. I'm going to ask you some questions. You answer them to my satisfaction and this ends. If not, we'll keep going till there's nothing left to be questioned.

> 

> **Connard:** P-please. Please stop it.

> 

> [There is a soft clattering of metal followed by a zipping sound as an Advanced Interrogation Kit is laid out on the floor beside Connard. In his dream, the radiant figure has rested atop him. He can hardly breathe. Speaking with Dr. Madina's voice, it reaches down to press the tips of its fingers into his side. The skin breaks immediately on contact.]

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Let's check your memory first. Here's an easy question. How many disciples did Jesus have, and who was the first amongst them?

> 

> **Connard:** T-... Twel- ack!

> 

> [Audio recording picks up a slow and brief metallic sheen.]

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Try again.

> 

> **Connard:** Fuh-fuck! Thirteen! There was thirteen! Starting with Peter. Brother of Andrew. Rock of *his* church, fisher of men!

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Good, good. Where were you going with the SCP-9813 items?

> 

> **Connard:** I-India. Over near Ludhiana!

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Why there?

> 

> **Connard:** Please, miss, I-I cannot say... Please...

> 

> [Dr. Madina makes another incision on Connard's side. In the dream the radiant figure has sunk its hand wrist deep into his abdomen. He can feel it grasping. He can see the smile beneath its shine. The laughs of a false prophet can be heard on the wind.]

> 

> **Connard:** Augh! I don't know! I swear! I just know they wanted to meet at a mass grave! Later determined by Foundation investigations to be a previously undocumented burial site utilized by the British East India Company between the years of 181█ and 182█. Review of surviving records points to the majority of bodies originating from a single incident involving a local temple that was razed by elements of the East India Company army.  I DON'T KNOW!

> 

> [LOGS OMITTED]

> 

> [Connard can be heard panting heavily through grit teeth. The dripping of blood on the floor has grown faster. In the dream the lashing of devils bearing the faces of dead site directors he had seen in old documents persists even as Dr. Madina takes her seat again.]

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Next disciple Connard. Who were they?

> 

> **Connard:** [gagging] Nu-number... Number 7, Judas. The betrayer. Sold the Christ to the priests. Murdered by, number 8, Philip. God's sword bearer. Who built a temple upon his grave.

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Yes. Why are they after SCP-9813 items? They have caused us problems in other areas before, but they seem particularly fixated.

> 

> **Connard:** Th-they... Think of them as abominations. These false bibles exist as monuments to the sins of man. Monuments that bend all thought around them into tedious uniformity and inescapable oppression. Oppression born in the mind. The oppression of fear and inferiority!

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** As opposed to the freedom of integration into the ███████ ██████████ overmind?

> 

> **Connard:** You... Know noth-

> 

> [A crunching sound is picked up by audio recording devices as Connard is struck. He begins to gasp and gurgle audibly. Dr. Madina can be heard pacing back and forth impatiently.]

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Come on. Come on. Now, elaborate on what you mean, and watch your tone.

> 

> **Connard:** The... ██████████ seeks liberation through volition. Every- every part chooses to partake. Every dreamer is free to pursue what their mind desires. Every thought is facilitated freely for the sake of each other. What, the books do is by force. The books only take. For they are terrified of anything existing outside... defined, parameters. Exploitable... parameters.

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** We have other items that can allow such things. So, again, why are they so interested in these?

> 

> **Connard:** They... pursue the others... as well. These are just the most dire... that they know of, and can remove.

> 

> [LOGS OMITTED]

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** All right, last couple questions Connard then we'll send you on your way.

> 

> [Recording devices show that lucidity has almost entirely broken down in Connard at this point. The scene of his dream is rapidly shifting. In one he stands on a beach of steel beads watching Site-19 sink into a sea of blood. In another he is an Egyptian soldier, marching across the exposed bed of the Red Sea. In another, he is on a cross, with a weeping man to his right that calls for mercy from his father upon the jeering crowd of Foundation personnel]

> 

> **Connard:** I-I-I can't...

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Come now Connard, you're right near the end. Would be a shame to come so far and to have to quit the race here. An easy question first, to jog your memory. The last disciple Connard. Who were they?

> 

> **Connard:** [mumbling] I don- fuck me thi- please God let me g-

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** The last disciple Connard.

> 

> **Connard:** Number 13. Andrew. Brother of Peter. Keeper of the Christ's secrets. Sent by him in heaven to retrieve something from the garden. Before... Before he was stopped by...

> 

> [Connard begins gargling as blood seeps down from his lips mixed with mucus and a bluish-purple fluid that Dr. Madina did not notice at the time. Recording equipment shows Connard's vitals spiking as the dream stabilizes around the vision of a radiant figure composed of fire standing before a silver and ivory gate. It begins to reach towards him.]

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** How many others in the Foundation have the dreamers reached out to Connard? Do you know?

> 

> **Connard:** You... You won't be able to snuff them out.

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** [annoyed] That's not what I asked Connard.

> 

> **Connard:** The ██████████, the Sepoy Dreamers, all... results. Emergent designs based on the same principles and driving factor. So long as there exists those to put words to freedom, who hate you, they will survive. So long as the human spirit has the capacity to recognize the suffering that is YOU, they will survive.

> 

> [Detection systems outside the interrogation cell pick up a sudden spike in EVE emissions emerging from Connard. Site security is alerted and attempt to contact Dr. Madina. She ignores the sounds from her walkie talkie and approaches Connard; crouching to speak to him face to face.]

> 

> **Dr. Madina:** Answer my question, Connard.

> 

> [Recording devices show the figure in Connard's dream has taken hold of him and pulled him into an embrace. The pain of the fire envelopes his whole body.]

> 

> **Connard:** Every moment of doubt, every fleeting thought of resistance. That's them. The dream of liberation. That's them. We declared war on impurity. On noncompliance and uniqueness.

> 

> **Connard:** You wanna know whose compromised? Who to be afraid of? Who will, at the first opportunity, turn on the Foundation to be free of this nightmare we made? Everyone.

> 

> [Audio feed cuts out as a sudden blast overloads the mic. According to video feeds jets of fire had erupted from Connard's eyes and mouth. Dr. Madina is immediately disfigured and begins to scream when security personnel enter the chamber.]

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Former Agent Connard was declared deceased immediately after the conclusion of this interrogation log. Investigations have surmised that a member of the Sepoy Dreamers or the wider ███████ ██████████ had somehow managed to breach thaumaturgic seals around Site-19 so as to euthanize Connard. Utilizing for these purposes his dreams as a medium through which to enact the ritual that terminated him.

> 

> The bluish-purple fluid that had seeped out of his mouth is still being subjected to examination. It was noted during a biopsy that the material had completely saturated former Agent Connard's brain. It is unclear how long this was present in his system prior to the interrogation or if it had developed over the course of such events.

> 

> Dr. Madina has made a full recovery from the injuries she sustained. Connard has also been removed from all Foundation records and increased surveillance has been placed on his surviving family.

</details>

<< [SCP-9812](SCP-9812) | SCP-9813 | [SCP-9814](SCP-9814) > >
