=====

=====

:root {

  --header-title: "SCP Foundation";

  --header-subtitle: "Coolest Summer";

:root {

  ~~logo-image: url("http://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local~~files/sati/lovely.png");

**Item #:** SCP-9387

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9387 is to be kept in a glass box in Site-120. Under no circumstances is Foundation personnel permitted to come in contact with SCP-9387. It is to be regularly monitored to observe the presence of new embroideries. If changes are observed, they must be immediately reported to Level 4 personnel. 

**Description:** SCP-9387 is a white saree, a traditional South Asian garment, featuring heavy usage of *Zardozi* A luxurious form of embroidery using gold and silver threads, often seen on royal attire and festive occasions technique. techniques. When an individual comes in contact with SCP-9387, they experience orthostatic hypotension, resulting in lightheadedness and nausea. Gradually, these symptoms develop into high fever, extreme joint pain and blisters. Individuals will suffer from dysentery and smallpox, causing delirium and hallucinations. Said hallucinations typically consist of the following phenomena:

* Visions of rural settlements, particularly located in West Bengal, India. 

* Visions of a young girl, belonging to aforementioned settlement.

* Hallucinations of a funeral pyre. Chanting can occasionally be heard.

This series of hallucinations typically lasts 2-3 months, with the subject’s condition progressively worsening over this period. After hallucinations conclude, all symptoms similarly cease. After a short period of time, subjects will spontaneously combust. Whispers, laughs and claps can be heard in the room where said individual is present. If they are in open surroundings, these sounds are not audible.

**Addendum-01:** On 29/09/2009, the Foundation identified an individual named "Roy Bagchi" under the influence of SCP-9387. The logs mentioned below have been created from their statements.

= ****LOG-A, 29/09/2009****

---

"It was dark. I could almost touch it, taste it. I had no body. My eyes were open. When my sight returned, I found myself inside a small room. Mud walls seemed to trap me inside. There was a weary wooden door in front of me. The room was so loud, I thought my eardrums would burst. I took a step forward, only to realize that there was a huge hole dug into the cement floor. A bunch of boys entered the room, running around in circles. They switched on the lights. The room had no furniture. When I turned around to look at the boys, they were no longer there. My ears were ringing from the silence. With no other choice, I stepped out of the room, looking for clues as to where I was. Outside, in the living room, the men were smoking hookah and playing *taash*. Cards. I remember staring at them for longer than necessary. Their faces were too similar to each other."

"The smell of hilsa, roasted eggplant and mustard oil filled the living room, and I was unusually attracted to it. Soon enough, I found the kitchen. Chopped vegetables lay scattered beside brass utensils and clay bowls. Several women sat around clay stoves, stirring lentils and fish curry in blackened pots. How did they look again? I can't really remember. Except one. I could only see a little girl's face. She had olive skin, and grey eyes that looked almost silver beneath the lantern. She was looking at me, and I waved. No reaction. The longer I looked, the more exhausted she seemed. Her eyelids drooped and her hands were blistered. She was wearing a spotless white saree. The little girl smiled at me. I... smiled back." 

**Effect(s):** Subject experienced severe light headedness and nausea. Blisters formed on their limbs within 2 weeks. 

= ****LOG-B, 18/10/2009****

---

"I stood before a pond. The clear waters didn't display my reflection. The girl sat at the edge of the pond, absent-mindedly tracing circles through the water with her feet. A white lotus drifted within reach. She plucked it from the surface and turned it over in her hands. A light drizzle disturbed the surface of the pond. The drops passed through me, but the girl shivered and brushed rainwater from her face. She stood up, ready to head back. As soon as she turned, she almost stumbled backwards. A young boy stood in front of her, with a twitching smile. He was likely the same age."

"He had curly hair as dark as a raven and sparkling hazel eyes. Clutched tightly in both hands was a pink lotus. He held it out towards her with the caution of someone offering something precious. The colour was too bright. She gasped and stood still, but finally, she chuckled. I watched his shoulders become loose, his eyes shining. The girl gave him the white lotus and took the pink one. The boy thanked her and ran off, probably to his home. The girl waved bye to him. She was about to leave but turned her head towards me. The pink lotus was clutched to her chest. With a big smile and a flustered face, she lifted it for me to see. I did not know what to think of that, so I kept standing there awkwardly. Her arms were still covered in blisters, but she seemed to not care anymore. The girl bowed and hurried away giddily."

**Effect(s):** N/A

= ****LOG-C, 23/10/2009****

---

"The girl was older, but not old enough."

"She was still wearing that same white saree. I was lying in a garden. Jasmine, marigold and hibiscus flowers grew in clusters around the garden. A beehive hung from a tree, filled to the brim with honey. A fat ladybug was walking right beside my face. The mud-house was right behind the garden. For once, I thought there was no one there. But then, I noticed them. The boy was searching the nearby bushes, while the girl hid behind a tree. I realised they were playing *luko-churi*. Hide and seek."

"She peeked around the trunk, making no effort to conceal herself. It was obvious she wanted him to find her. She wore red bangles. I can't recall their lustre. She whistled at him, to make his life easier. The boy was deaf. She sighed and let herself be found by him. He threw his hands into the air as though he'd accomplished something impossible. She was flustered and tried to hide her smile but couldn't. The boy eventually calmed down. Their eyes met for... a long time. Neither appeared interested in pretending anymore. At that moment, the birds stopped chirping. The beehive fell on the ground. Their faces were... intertwined? I could no longer differentiate their faces. The girl reached for his hand. He took it immediately. I could only see their silhouettes then. I heard something: *suorer bachha*. Son of a swine. The voice was shrill."

**Effect(s):** Subject displayed symptoms of scarlet fever and dysentery.

= ****LOG-D, 1/11/2009****

---

"There was a huge bloody hole in the boy's forehead."

"I could hear the voices of angry villagers, albeit their words were jumbled and muffled. Another shot echoed right beside my ear. The gun was held over my shoulder, its muzzle pointed at the boy's dead body. The bullet hit him right in the face. His head was unrecognizable. I turned around quickly, only to see the girl being slapped by the elders. She stared at the body. The villagers left, still spitting curses over their shoulders."

"He was a *dalit*. "Untouchables" and others that were outside of the traditional Hindu caste hierarchy. The girl was still there. Upon a closer look, I could see that the boy had a white lotus in his chest pocket. The girl walked silently over to him, knelt down and placed a pink lotus on his forehead. The lotus was instantly bloodied. She caressed his cheek and slowly looked at me. Her hands were then bloodied, blistered and burned. She had dark circles under her grey eyes, which seemed to have been getting darker the longer I looked at her-" 

**Effect(s):** Subject couldn't recall any further information. Prolonged migraine and fever were noticed.

= ****LOG-E, 10/11/2009****

---

"The sound of a conch shell opened my eyes."

"It was too bright for a second, but my eyes adjusted quickly. Red and white curtains were draped over the entire house, alongside tiny yellow lights. *Shehnai*, *dhak* and folk music mixed together to create something enticing. Sandalwood incense filled the air until it became difficult to breathe. Cheers, claps and laughing filled the room, but the wedding canopy remained silent. Yes, it was a wedding. The groom was seated right behind me. A fat, old man in white garments. The groom looked old enough to be her grandfather. The bride was just beside him, in an extravagant red saree. Her face was hidden behind a pair of betel leaves. But I knew who she was. Her blistered hands gave it away. Right then, the music began to fade. The lights dimmed too quickly for my eyes to adjust. One instrument after another fell silent until only the sound of my own breathing remained. I was still in the same place, but there was no music or incense. The wedding was over. The bride was still there, but her dress was dusty, her makeup ruined. The betel leaves were on the ground."

**Effect(s):** Subject couldn't recall any further information. Subject developed smallpox and unusual blisters on their face. Their ability to communicate was slightly affected. Subject also reported hearing strange vocal outbursts and sounds of domestic abuse, with no known origin. 

= ****LOG-F, 11/11/2009****

---

"I was seated on a wooden bench. I did not recognize that place, but it seemed to be a park. People walked and talked around me. The grass was tall enough to reach my kneecaps. The bench was positioned in front of a river. A swift hand picked up a white lotus from the water, as soon as it was near it. I turned my head to see that the girl was sitting beside me. She carefully examined that lotus. After she was done, she placed the lotus in the water, just as swiftly she had picked it up. Burn marks peeked out beneath her sleeves as she turned the flower over. It drifted away, carried by the currents of the river. The next thing I know, I am in the water, floating away. I could no longer see her face clearly."

**Effect(s):** N/A

= ****LOG-G, 12/11/2009****

---

"It rained hard. I was cold, despite knowing that the rain couldn't touch me. I was in front of a house. The lights were on and sounds of screaming could be heard from inside. I recognized one of the voices instantly. The door burst open. The groom stumbled outside, dragging the girl behind him by her hair. She tried to fight back, but he threw her outside anyways and slammed the door shut. Drenched completely, she picked the welcome mat in front of the door and covered herself with it. It was too small, but she still moved towards a gigantic tree. There was frequent thunder, yet I never saw a streak of lightning. The girl sat cross-legged under the tree. I watched her doze off to sleep, twitching whenever it thundered. She hadn't looked at me at all. I wish I could have covered her with a blanket."

**Effect(s):** N/A

= ****LOG-H, 13/11/2009****

---

"I stared at a window. Trees stretched to the horizon. It was pleasingly quiet. The girl was beside me. She was standing, staring outside of the same window. Her eyes swelled with tears. Her face was bruised and bloody. Her clothes were torn. I was in a bedroom. The groom lay on the bed, naked. She sat down on the floor, cross-legged. It was a new moon. She wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. When she looked at me again, she didn't look away. Her face had blisters now. She quickly pointed at the old man, sniffling. I realised what this window had witnessed right then."

"He was dead. A knife was stuck in his chest. The bed was covered in blood. The girl's face contorted as she let out a scream I couldn't hear. The girl then smiled faintly. Her eyes remained fixed on the blood-soaked bedsheets."

**Effect(s):** Subject reports symptoms of angina.

= ****LOG-I, 18/11/2009****

---

"It was hot in there. I couldn't see anything, but it burned. I closed my eyes and opened them again. I was right in front of a huge funeral pyre." 

"Muffled cries echoed in my ears. The villagers were crying, their faces unrecognizable. The girl walked right through me. She was wearing a dazzling white saree. She stepped into the pyre herself, while the villagers urged her to lie down. I tried to scream and stop her, but no voice came from my throat. The girl lay down on the scorching wood but did not flinch. The heat distorted the air around the pyre. Despite the flames, I could see her face more clearly than ever. White streaks of hair and wrinkles appeared on her face. She looked at me, I looked down. I couldn't match her gaze."

"The crackling stopped, and I couldn't feel the heat anymore. I looked up. There was nobody there. The pyre was no longer burning. The smell of burnt sandalwood and flesh was intense. A white lotus was at my feet. It was dark. Too dark."

**Effect(s):** Subject developed third degree burns in their torso and limbs. Said burns cannot be healed via traditional medicine. Reports of severe weakness and partial paralysis were received.  

On 21/11/2009, Roy Bagchi spontaneously combusted into flames. Video footage recovered from a local park in West Bengal displayed the sudden immolation of the subject, in a fetal position. Witnesses of this event were subsequently amnesticized. SCP-9387 was found at Bagchi's apartment, in a cooking pan. Upon discovery, it was observed that the patters on SCP-9387 had significantly altered to resemble two children seated beside a pond. No such imagery had been documented during previous examinations.

@@@@

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS PERMITTED TO LEVEL 4 PERSONNEL</summary>

**Addendum-02:** Recently, a series of apparitions have been observed to manifest near the riverbanks of the *Ganges* and the *Yamuna*. Said apparitions are observed to be female and wearing white garments resembling a saree. They typically manifest in groups ranging from six to fifteen individuals. Despite having apparent difference in stature, all of their faces are identically deformed, with multiple burns and scars. Aforementioned apparitions neither communicate. They are observed to walk into the waters, where they seem to disappear. Several duotone lotuses are typically found floating at the point of disappearance. No trace of said anomalies has been discovered as of yet. 

Subsequent examinations on SCP-9387 have revealed the appearance of several female figures, holding multiple items. These items range from household objects to tools utilized in cooking. Due to the relation between said anomaly and SCP-9387, the apparitions have been designated SCP-9387-1. Further research is in progress.

</details>

<< [SCP-9386](SCP-9386) | SCP-9387 | [SCP-9388](SCP-9388) >>

> **Filename:** saree.jpg

> **Author:** Kritzolina

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Embroidery_on_a_saree_04.jpg

> **Filename:** sati.jpg 

> **Author:** Anonymous

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_Sati_of_Ramabai.jpg

> **Filename:** lotus.jpg

> **Author:** Делфина

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Pink_and_white_Nymphaea_water_lily_flowers,_%D0%B1%D0%B5%D0%BB_%D0%B8_%D1%80%D0%BE%D0%B7%D0%BE%D0%B2_%D0%BB%D0%BE%D1%82%D0%BE%D1%81.jpg
