**SCP-9949:** First Other

**Author:** 

⚠️ **Content warning:** Unsettling imagery/themes, possible reading of sexual assault.

More works at my [Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/aldishopper-author-page)

**Item #:** SCP-9949

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** As access to/comprehension of SCP-9949 is impossible through non-anomalous means, containment of SCP-9949 is unnecessary. All staff members exposed to SCP-9949 are to be offered voluntary amnestic treatment.

**Description:** SCP-9949 is a memory, present within an as-of-yet unknown proportion of the human population.

The exact content of SCP-9949 is hard to confirm, as subjects verified to 'hold' it show contradictions in certain sections of their testimony:

* 100% of subjects remember a space that is in nearly pitch darkness.

* 100% of subjects remember a human face in uncomfortably close proximity (Hereafter referred to as SCP-9949-1).

* 96% of subjects claim SCP-9949-1 is male.

* Consensus places the age of SCP-9949-1 between 50-80 years old.

* There is no consensus on the race of SCP-9949-1.

* 80% of subjects remember a strong smell of alcohol.

* 65% of subjects remember a strong smell of cigarettes.

* 100% of subjects remember SCP-9949-1 murmuring the phrases "Look at you.", "You're so beautiful." and "You're going to be one of my favourites." repeatedly.

SCP-9949 is 'located' within Paulsen's region, a small section of the human hippocampus currently unrecognised by modern neuroscience. Given this location, and the fact that SCP-9949 is only recoverable to consciousness via the administration of a Class-Y Mnestic, it is theorised that SCP-9949 is formed within the third trimester of pregnancy.

**Addendum 9949.1:** [FURTHER INFORMATION CLASSIFIED LEVEL 4 SECRET]

<details>
<summary>INPUT LEVEL 4 CREDENTIALS</summary>

Following an expansion of research efforts and implementation of improved noöspheric models, current predictions place that SCP-9949 is present within 100% of the human population.

Further research is pending overseer approval.

</details>

 _

<< [SCP-9948](SCP-9948) | SCP-9949 | [SCP-9950](SCP-9950) >>
