**Item #:** SCP-9142

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9142 is to be contained within a Standard Secure Humanoid Containment Cell at Site 19, and is not to be provided with anything that could cause any harm to a person.

**Description:** SCP-9142 refers to an Asian woman in its twenties who wears a mask covering the right side of its face.  Through unknown means it has gained the ability to “reverse” anything it could normally do without needing any tools even if it were to need them when doing the action in the first place. SCP-9142 gains access to this ability when it is nearing a state of death. 

An example would be that since SCP-9142 can kill someone, it could also revive them. Another example would be that since SCP-9142 is able to spread diseases that it is infected with, it could also “reverse” passing on the disease by taking it in. So far during testing, SCP-9142 was able to successfully float in the air, revive people from the dead, pull things to it, heal the wounds of others, and take in diseases that can be passed out. 

SCP-9142 can also reverse an action multiple times before executing them, an example would be that it could instantly kill someone by reversing the action of reviving them. These types of actions are proven to be difficult to execute however, as it requires a higher level of thinking which is harder to achieve in a near death state.

The following interview was conducted by Dr. White before SCP-9142 breached containment.

= **INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**DATE: 2017/5/5**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. White:** SCP-9142, we would like you to-

**SCP-9142:** (Interrupting) Shut up.

**Dr. White:** Excuse me?

**SCP-9142:** You heard me, I want you to just fuck off.

**Dr. White:** SCP-9142, please calm down, we’re trying to help you by understanding exactly what you can do.

**SCP-9142:** Listen, you keep claiming to want to help me, but every time you try to test something, you always put a bullet in my head and tell me to do a certain thing. (Mimicking) SCP-9142, do this, SCP-9142 do that. Do you know how many times I have nearly died? Do you know how much pain I feel every time you start your stupid tests?

**Dr. White:** SCP-9142, please understand that to test your abilities you need to be in a near death state, we don’t actually want to hurt you.

**SCP-9142:** And, you claim to “help” me? Be honest, the only thing you and your fucking foundation care about is understanding, you don’t care about helping people, you don’t care about saving lives, if killing me means that you could understand me then I bet you would’ve done it already.

**Dr. White:** No, you’re missing the point here.

**SCP-9142:** Don’t you have an ethics committee? What do they even do? Shit is what they’re doing now.

**Dr. White:** SCP-9142, you need to calm down, continuing to behave like this will get us nowhere.

**SCP-9142:** [Data Lost]

**Dr. White:** What the hell was that?

**SCP-9142:** ……

**Dr. White:** SCP-9142, please-

**SCP-9142:** (Interrupting) Oh stop it with your SCP-9142, I have a name, it's ██████, but you people apparently see me as an object rather than a sentient human being. You know what? I’m done with you and your entire fucking foundation, I’m going to hell, and I hope I’ll see you there as well. (Snatches the pen the doctor was holding and stabs itself in the head)

---

[END LOG]

After stabbing itself, SCP-9142 proceeds to use its abilities to kill and injure several foundation personnel before finally being knocked out, having the right side of its face brutally scarred in the process of doing so. It is advised that any foundation personnel interacting with SCP-9142 to not bring anything that could cause harm to prevent further containment breaches. Tests on SCP-9142 will temporarily cease to prevent further harm.

The following interview was conducted by Dr. Jane.

= **INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**DATE: 2019/5/5** 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Jane:** Hello ██████.

**SCP-9142:** That’s the first time I’ve heard someone speak my name ever since I got here.

**Dr. Jane:** Yes, apologies for not uttering it sooner.

**SCP-9142:** You want something, don’t you?

**Dr. Jane:** And if I’m don’t?

**SCP-9142:** No one has come for me ever since that containment breach exactly 2 years ago.

**Dr. Jane:** 2 years ago, yes that is the exact date of the incident you caused, but how did you know how long ago that was?

**SCP-9142:** I counted. Every second of it, even when I was unconscious

**Dr. Jane:** That’s an impressive skill.

**SCP-9142:** (Pulls off the mask covering the right side of her face) The scars, do you know how I got them?

**Dr. Jane:** No, I don’t.

**SCP-9142:** Are you curious? 

**Dr. Jane:** Yes, could you tell me about it?

**SCP-9142:** You’re lying.

**Dr. Jane:** What makes you say that?

**SCP-9142:** Firstly, you knew the last interview was 2 years ago, meaning you’ve already read my file. And secondly, I don’t believe that there is a researcher stupid enough to not read the file before meeting an anomaly that has killed people before.

**Dr. Jane:** ……

**SCP-9142:** Feigning ignorance won’t work, nor will flattery or apologies. If you want something, get to the point.

**Dr. Jane:** I was thinking of a cooperation.

**SCP-9142:** A cooperation?

**Dr. Jane:** Yes, you get something out of it, we get something out of it, everyone’s happy.

**SCP-9142:** Tell me about it, doctor.

**Dr. Jane:** Well, your ability to reverse an action multiple times indicates that you could do anything a normal human could do without needing any tools.

**SCP-9142:** Yes, I have thought of that, if I was thinking straight and actually using my brain I would have made it out 2 years ago.

**Dr. Jane:** There are anomalies, anomalies that endanger the lives of many.

**SCP-9142:** And you want me to help you take care of them? To help the foundation?

**Dr. Jane:** Precisely.

**SCP-9142:** Is the file that you have the one for the anomaly you want me to help you with?

**Dr. Jane:** Yes, it is.

**SCP-9142:** Let me have a look at it then.

**Dr. Jane:** Very well. (Hands over the file)

**SCP-9142:** (Takes a seconds to read, then puts the file down)

**Dr. Jane:** You’re done? Already? That was fast, not to mention that the one I gave you was not an easy anomaly to understand. Is there anything you want to ask?

**SCP-9142:** No doctor, there really isn’t.

**Dr. Jane:** So what do you think?

**SCP-9142:**  Very interesting. This proposal of saving others is very tempting on its own, but you have something else don’t you? Something I get if I help you.

**Dr. Jane:** We can give you…privileges. 

**SCP-9142:** Privileges?

**Dr. Jane:** Yes, we’ll allow you books, computers, things you ask for, perhaps I could even get them to give you certain SCP files to read if you’d like.

**SCP-9142:** ……

**Dr. Jane:** So what do you think?

**SCP-9142:** I remember seeing my own file for just a second, there are a few things I’d like to change, nothing too major, anything else that needs to be changed I’ll leave it up to you. If that’s alright with you, I’ll take you up on that offer.

**Dr. Jane:** Alright then, thank you for your time

---

[END LOG]

**Item #:** SCP-9142

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9142 is to be contained within a Standard Secure Humanoid Containment Cell at Site 19, and is to be provided with any reasonable items she requests, researchers who can’t decide what counts as reasonable are welcome to ask senior staff for assistance. Researchers above the clearance level of 2 who need help could ask for her support. 

**Description:** SCP-9142 refers to an Asian woman in its twenties who wears a mask covering the right side of its face.  Through unknown means she has gained the ability to “reverse” anything she could normally do without needing any items even if it were to need them when doing the action in the first place. SCP-9142 gains access to this ability when she is nearing a state of death. 

An example would be that since SCP-9142 can kill someone, she could also revive them. Another example would be that since SCP-9142 is able to spread diseases that it is infected with, she could also “reverse” passing on the disease by taking it in. So far during testing, SCP-9142 was able to successfully float in the air, revive people from the dead, pull things to it, heal the wounds of others, and take in diseases that can be passed out. 

SCP-9142 can also reverse an action multiple times before executing them, an example would be that she could instantly kill someone by reversing the action of reviving them. These types of actions are proven to be difficult to execute however, as it requires a higher level of thinking which is harder to achieve in a near death state.

<< [SCP-9141](SCP-9141) | SCP-9142 | [SCP-9143](SCP-9143) >>
