**Item #:** SCP-9038

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9038 is disguised as a non-anomalous orbital cosmology observation outpost, barring access from any nearby spacecraft. Should unintentional intrusions happen, a warning of high-energy fatal hazard will be broadcast; if such dissuasion fails, non-lethal weapons may be deployed.

SCP-9038 is contained within an airtight cavity with supporting propellers that can adjust the cavity's posture or motor it to align with SCP-9038. Materials that are to be provided to or retrieved from SCP-9038 should be conveyed by an automatic feeding system that also records the weight of each input/output. The geometric measures of SCP-9038 should be coordinated every two days. All relevant data is to be relayed to the control center for calibration. 

Any spontaneous shifts of SCP-9038's volume or location should be reported at once. Failure to re-stabilize SCP-9038 will potentially damage the containment structure; should it breach containment, immediate decommission is necessary to prevent cascading accidents.

Knowledge of the true use of SCP-9038 is restricted to the project personnel. Material that is generated within SCP-9038 is to be left in place awaiting future disposal, or to be retrieved for research purposes in a very limited circumstance.

To augment the effect of SCP-9038, Foundation-wide usage of ectoentropic anomalies should be covertly encouraged, depending on the situation.

At any time, no objects other than disposal targets should enter SCP-9038.

**Description:** SCP-9038 refers to a volume of thaumaturgically engineered space. SCP-9038 originated from the research of a hypothesis that not all ectoentropic anomalies are actually ectoentropic; that some of them do not create (or eliminate) mass and energy from nowhere, but transfer mass and energy from (or to) another location within the universe and then transform them into the intended object.

Foundation cosmology research has proven that, given the large amount of matter generated by all ectoentropic anomalies known to humanity thus far, the observable universe should have shown perceptible changes over the eons due to the change of its total mass. However, no such changes, such as of baseline vacuum energy, average spatial curvature, and speed of red shift of certain galaxies, has been detected. Because there are more "ectoentropic" anomalies that can produce matter than annihilate matter, it is unlikely that they could effectively cancel out each other.

Therefore, it is hypothesized that those anomalies have other hidden mechanisms to produce matter that do not violate the conservation of mass and energy in our universe as a single spacetime continuum. The mass teleportation theory is one of the most convincing theories that could explain this phenomenon. Other theories, such as assuming that they borrow mass from other parallel universes, are also credible but not instantly falsifiable.

Thaumaturgy mapping has confirmed that such mass teleportation routes exist in adjacent areas of the universe, most of which are randomly directed at distant, massive celestial objects, usually large suns. Some of them also target nearby planets, some of which are inhabited by life, and a small portion of teleportation events occur on Earth. A minority of such events have caused other apparently "ectoentropic" anomalies and events, i.e., when an object was created by an anomaly, there are actually other objects that are devoured by other anomalies (most of which are not labeled ectoentropic). Due to their sporadic nature, these connections between anomalies are rarely noticed and therefore not theorized.

SCP-9038 was created by the Thaumaturgy Division and Cosmology Division based on the research of aforementioned mass teleportation mechanisms. It aims to serve as a fixed sink for those false ectoentropic anomalies. Matter that is located inside SCP-9038 will gain the highest priority to be consumed by any of those anomalies as a source of producing matter. This has been proven to be an effective way to prevent uncontrolled mass elimination accidents from happening on Earth, and an effective way to decommission, dispose and annihilate hazardous or unwanted materials and objects.

An extensive list of anomalies that substantiates SCP-9038 can be found [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/system:page-tags/tag/ectoentropic#pages here]. Notice that not all of them are definitive; some phase between being evidently true ectoentropic and the opposite. The output of these anomalies that could be sourced back to SCP-9038 displays no provable difference from regular ones.

<< [SCP-9037](SCP-9037) | SCP-9038 | [SCP-9039](SCP-9039) >>

> **Filename:** structure.jpg

> **Name:** Full Scale Tunnel Motors Under Construction (AAL-4270).jpg

> **Author:** NASA Ames Research Center / NACA

> **License:** Public domain

> **Source Link:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Full_Scale_Tunnel_Motors_Under_Construction_(AAL-4270).jpg Wikimedia Commons]
