=====

=====

#header {

    background-image: url('http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/unreality-hub/Unreality%20Header%20Logo.svg');

}

body {

    color: black;

}

#top-bar div.open-menu a {

    border-radius: 0px;

    color: white !important;

    background-color: black;

    border: none !important;

    box-shadow: none;

}

.scp-image-block {

    border: solid 1px #000000;

    box-shadow: none;

    background: black !important;

}

 

.scp-image-block .scp-image-caption {

    color: white;

    background: black !important;

    border-top: solid 1px #000000;

}

#page-content .rate-box-with-credit-button {

    background-color: black;

    border: 1px solid black;

    border-radius: 0px !important;

}

]

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** All footage of Alex Thorley performing SCP-9904 are to be confiscated. Alex Thorley is not to attempt SCP-9904 again.

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-9904 was a vertical leap performed by Alex Thorley on ██/██/20██ 14:12 local time. 

During this event:

* Alex Thorley's feet both left the ground.

* Alex Thorley rose approximately 25 cm.

* Alex Thorley remained airborne for approximately 2 seconds.

* Alex Thorley successfully landed on the surface without assistance.

These statistics imply a 95% reduction in gravitational acceleration during Alex Thorley's airborne phase. Alex Thorley expressed uncertainty on how SCP-9904 occured.

---

**ADDENDUM 9904.1: INTERVIEW LOG**

The following interview, conducted by Department of Unreality Director John Doe, took place after several reports from witnesses of Alex Thorley performing SCP-9904.

**[BEGIN LOG]**

---

**John Doe:** Why did you attempt the jump?

**Alex Thorley:** Uh... since it was part of my research?

**John Doe:** What... *research*? You never submitted a research proposal regarding this.

**Alex Thorley:** I mean... I technically did? The one about... defying gravitational force.

*John Doe stares at Alex Thorley with a strange face for a few seconds. Alex Thorley stares only at the ground.*

**John Doe:** (*sighs*) Moving on. Did you feel anything unusual?

**Alex Thorley:** It felt... generous.

**John Doe:** *Generous*?

**Alex Thorley:** Like it gave me a second to prepare. 

---

**[END LOG]**

---

**ADDENDUM 9904.2: RECREATION ATTEMPTS**

The following are logs of Alex Thorley's attempts to recreate SCP-9904. All attempts were supervised by John Doe.

**ATTEMPT A:** Alex Thorley performed a standard vertical leap.

**PEAK HEIGHT:** 24.5 cm

**AIRBORNE DURATION:** 0.3 seconds

**NOTES:** Alex Thorley failed to recreate SCP-9904. Further attempts are to be conducted.

---

**ATTEMPT B:** Alex Thorley performed preparatory focus before leaping.

**PEAK HEIGHT:** 25 cm

**AIRBORNE DURATION:** 0.4 seconds 

**NOTES:** Slight increase in both factors were observed, however none were considered anomalous.

---

**ATTEMPT C:** Alex Thorley performed a vertical leap after reciting internal motivational statements.

**PEAK HEIGHT:** 6 cm

**AIRBORNE DURATION:** 0.1 seconds

**NOTES:** *Pathetic. -John Doe*

---

**ATTEMPT D:** John Doe instructed Alex Thorley to take a stance known as the "frog leap." Alex Thorley complied to his instructions.

**PEAK HEIGHT:** 45 cm

**AIRBORNE DURATION:** 3.5 seconds

**NOTES:** Alex Thorley succesfully recreated SCP-9904 with a significant increase in both factors. However, John Doe instructed Alex Thorley to conduct an additional attempt.

---

**ATTEMPT E:** Alex Thorley conducted an additional attempt following John Doe’s instructions. Alex Thorley utilized the “frog leap”, similarly to the previous attempt. 

**PEAK HEIGHT:** 230 cm ~ ?

**AIRBORNE DURATION:** 48 hours

**NOTES:** The sudden increase in peak height resulted in Alex Thorley making contact with the ceiling. However, a massive increase in airborne duration followed, leading to Alex Thorley being physically unable to return to the surface. This continued for approximately 48 hours.

During this process, Alex Thorley expressed feeling severe pain in their back. This problem was fixed after John Doe affixed a chair upside-down to the ceiling. 

After Alex Thorley returned to the surface, they were immediately transported to the Medical Department.

---

**ATTEMPT F:** After receiving a medical check, John Doe instructed Alex Thorley to conduct an additional attempt in an open space with no ceiling, due to his failure of recording the exact peak height of the previous attempt. Alex Thorley selected their backyard.

**PEAK HEIGHT:** ?

**AIRBORNE DURATION:** ? (144 hours at the time of writing)

**NOTES:** Upon taking the leap, Alex Thorley ascended at an extremely fast speed, becoming unable to be seen from the surface. 

At the time of writing, Alex Thorley has not returned to the surface.

**ADDENDUM 9904.3: WITNESS’ DEPICTION**

The following is a depiction of Alex Thorley performing SCP-9904, illustrated by Dr. ████ ████, one of the few witnesses of the event. 

Other witnesses have agreed that this depiction is accurate.

---

@@@@

<< [SCP-9903](SCP-9903) | SCP-9904 | [SCP-9905](SCP-9905) >>

@@@@

> **Filename:** Notes_260217_170855%281%29.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP-9904](SCP-9904)

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@
