**Item #:** SCP-9088

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** No red objects may be brought into SCP-9088. Before entry, any red objects should be placed in a cabinet outside the access point. The door is to remain locked unless special authorization is granted.

**Description:** SCP-9088 is a room located within Site-19 on an abandoned sublevel. The room measures 2 x 4 x 3 meters. It is made of concrete, and the walls are painted a light beige. Despite a lack of routine maintenance, the room is mostly free of dust, mold, and contaminants.

No red objects can be inside or within the bounds of the SCP-9088 room. This is an intrinsic property of the area that has so far tested to be inviolable. It is currently unclear as to how or why SCP-9088 cannot have red objects in it, as no red object has successfully entered the room. However, testing has revealed a number of mechanisms by which SCP-9088 does not operate:

* SCP-9088 does not destroy red objects, nor harm those who intend to bring red objects in. Furthermore, it does not remove the red hue of said objects or otherwise alter them. This is because no red objects can be brought into SCP-9088, therefore the room does not affect red objects.

* SCP-9088 does not have an invisible or intangible barricade to red objects that prevents them from entering the room. However, it is impossible to bring a red object into SCP-9088.

* SCP-9088 does not reject the concept or construct of red. Personnel are capable of thinking and talking about the color red. Apparel and documents with the word "red" or referring to the idea of red are unaffected. Only objects exhibiting a distinct and unambiguous red color cannot be brought into the room.

* SCP-9088 does not impose a compulsive, memetic, or otherwise mind-affecting effect on humans. However, personnel will universally choose to leave red objects outside the threshold of SCP-9088, even when not instructed to.

* SCP-9088 does not prevent objects with a red interior from entering, as personnel can freely enter. SCP-9088 does not stop personnel from bleeding, but blood cannot be present within SCP-9088, as the substance is red.

* Orange objects can be brought into SCP-9088.

The reason why SCP-9088 cannot have red objects specifically is unknown, as is how and why the anomaly is at Site-19. It is further unclear what SCP-9088 considers "red"; testing to identify this has yet to be carried out. 

Attempts to introduce red objects to SCP-9088 have all been met with failure, with no useful data being collected from these tests. Testing as such has been determined unnecessary, as in any case, no action could or needs to be taken to alter SCP-9088's current state of containment.

<< [SCP-9087](SCP-9087) | SCP-9088 | [SCP-9089](SCP-9089) >>
