**Item #:** SCP-9047

**Object Class:** Neutralized (formerly Safe)

**Special Containment Procedures:** The cremated remains of SCP-9047 are stored in an urn in the office of Researcher Earl Johnson at Site-██. Prior to its neutralization, SCP-9047 was housed in a standard canine containment chamber at Site-18, furnished with a small pet bed, multiple chew toys, an automated water dispenser, and an automated kibble dispenser providing three meals daily.

**Description:** SCP-9047 is a male Cardigan Welsh corgi  One of two different varieties of livestock-herding dog breeds known as Welsh corgis, with the other breed being the Pembroke Welsh corgi.  which is identical to any other dog of its breed, with the exception of its ~~exceptional longevity and~~ apparent total immunity to physical trauma and pathogens (whether anomalous or non-anomalous), rendering it incapable of carrying or transmitting any infectious agents. Besides this, SCP-9047 displays no unusual behavior, and exhibits standard behavioral responses to positive and negative stimuli—with the exception of exposure to pathogens or physical harm, which it simply ignores. SCP-9047 is described by Foundation personnel as having a calm, affectionate personality, and is usually referred to by its nickname "Craig" outside of official documentation.

**Discovery:** SCP-9047 was adopted on behalf of the Foundation in ██/██/198█ by Researcher Johnson from a dog shelter in [REDACTED], Nevada. Prior to this, reports were circulating in the town of [REDACTED] regarding a "miracle puppy" which had emerged unharmed from a rear-end collision with a Ford Pinto  A car model sold by the Ford Motor Company from 1970 to 1980, which was designed with a fuel tank mounted behind the rear axle. The fuel tank was poorly reinforced and had little crush space, which resulted in a severe risk of the fuel tank puncturing, igniting, and exploding during low speed rear-end collisions.  that resulted in the deaths of █ passengers and severe injuries to the driver. SCP-9047 was found in the trunk of the car by a homeless man who witnessed the incident and brought SCP-9047 to a local dog shelter, where SCP-9047 was kept until its adoption by Researcher Johnson; it was transferred to Site-18 for containment the following day. Foundation agents embedded in local media outlets administered Class-B amnestics to witnesses and altered local news reports to state that SCP-9047 had perished in the accident.

**Document:** In order to measure the extent of SCP-9047's physical resilience, testing has been ordered by Dr. ██████████. Below are notable excerpts from testing logs involving SCP-9047 being exposed to various forms of physical trauma.

<details>
<summary>+ Show Test Logs</summary>

**Item:** Shock collar

**Procedure:** D-426387 was instructed to shock SCP-9047 repeatedly, and then shock SCP-9047 for █ seconds.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 appeared unfazed, and moved towards D-426387 during the test, seeking to be petted.

---

**Item:** 50-pound dumbbell

**Procedure:** D-426387 was instructed to hold the dumbbell above SCP-9047 as high as he could, and drop the dumbbell on SCP-9047's spine.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 appeared unfazed. The dumbbell rolled off of its spine as it moved forward.

---

**Item:** D-426387, who has a background in martial arts

**Procedure:** D-426387 was instructed to squat and attempt to suffocate SCP-9047, and then deliver a spin kick to SCP-9047's head using maximum effort.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 showed no signs of distress while being choked, and attempted to lick D-426387’s face. When D-426387 spin kicked SCP-9047, he suffered a break on the leftmost metatarsal bone of his right foot, and remarked that the experience "felt like trying to split a brick with the worst possible form". SCP-9047 moved towards him and sat down near his head after he fell down.

---

**Item:** All-terrain vehicle

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sedated, and D-123469 was instructed to accelerate to maximum speed from a distance of ██ meters and ram into SCP-9047.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 was impacted by the left tires of the vehicle, causing it to flip over. SCP-9047 moved to check on D-123469 afterwards. D-123469 sustained minor injuries from the accident.

---

**Item:** Karambit knife

**Procedure:** D-742568 was instructed to grip the lower neck of SCP-9047 with his left hand and cut its throat with his right hand using maximum effort.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 momentarily scratched at its neck afterwards. However, it is believed that this was because of an itch unrelated to the cut. SCP-9047 showed no signs of laceration.

---

**Item:** Brass knuckle

**Procedure:** D-742568 was instructed to grip the neck of SCP-9047 with his left hand and strike the forehead of SCP-9047 with his right hand using maximum effort.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 moved its neck closer to D-742586's right hand for him to pet it. D-742586 stated that striking SCP-9047 "felt like punching concrete", and was later treated for a metacarpal fracture. SCP-9047 showed no signs of bruising or bleeding.

---

**Item:** Sledgehammer

**Procedure:** D-524369 was instructed to strike at the ribcage of SCP-9047 using maximum effort, and then its spine.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 appeared unfazed by each impact. The sledgehammer did not appear to bounce off of SCP-9047's body.

---

**Item:** ██ meter impact

**Procedure:** D-524369 was instructed to drop SCP-9047 from the roof of Site-18 using maximum effort.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 landed on its back and sought belly rubs from Dr. ██████████, who was observing the test from below.

---

**Item:** Explosive collar

**Procedure:** D-524369 was instructed to detonate the collar from █ meters away.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 was observed to have its fur somewhat messed, but was free of injury.

---

**Item:** Captive bolt pistol

**Procedure:** D-524369 was instructed to fire the pistol at the forehead of SCP-9047.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 appeared to be startled by the noise of the pistol, but was unharmed. SCP-9047 sought head pats from D-524369 afterwards. D-524369 remarked that the recoil from the captive bolt pistol was painful, and "felt like shooting a brick wall".

---

**Item:** M40 sniper rifle

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sedated, and Agent ██████ shot SCP-9047 from a distance of ██ meters.

**Reaction:** The bullet fired exhibited compression consistent with impacting ballistic glass. SCP-9047 scratched the ear opposite to where it was struck by the bullet afterwards.

---

**Item:** [SCP-1040-RU](SCP-1040-RU)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sedated, and Agent ██████ shot SCP-9047 from a distance of ██ meters.

**Reaction:** SCP-9047 was marked in red by the scope of SCP-1040-RU, and retrieved afterwards. SCP-9047 was taken to Dr. ██████████'s office the following day, and given a large dog treat. SCP-9047 appeared to choke on the dog treat for approximately ██ seconds before spitting it out without issue. Viewing SCP-9047 through the scope of SCP-1040-RU does not show it to be highlighted in red, suggesting that the weapon can be fired again to attempt to terminate it.

---

**Item:** [SCP-127](SCP-127)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sedated, and D-123765 was instructed to shoot SCP-9047 at point-blank range until the weapon's magazine was depleted.

**Reaction:** All teeth shattered upon impacting SCP-9047. SCP-9047 was retrieved without issue and licked D-123765's palm when held.

---

**Item:** [SCP-127](SCP-127), loaded with [SCP-157-ARC](SCP-157-ARC)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sedated, and D-123765 was instructed to fire the round at SCP-9047 from █ meters away.

**Reaction:** SCP-157-ARC [DATA EXPUNGED] upon impacting SCP-9047. SCP-9047 was retrieved approximately █ hours afterwards, and appeared to be unfazed by the effects of SCP-157-ARC on the surrounding environment, though its fur was considerably messed.

---

**Item:** [SCP-516](SCP-516)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sedated, and the tank crew (consisting of Class-D personnel) was instructed to load SCP-516-1 and attempt to shoot at it from a distance of from a distance of █ meters, then to attempt to run over SCP-9047.

**Reaction:** SCP-516-1 jammed when attempting to fire at SCP-9047. When running over SCP-9047, D-678448 remarked that it "felt like running over a big rock". SCP-9047's fur was dirtied by the tank tracks, but was otherwise unharmed and seemingly oblivious to the threat that SCP-516 could have posed. SCP-9047 approached D-678448 to be petted once he exited SCP-516 to retrieve it.

</details>

**Document:** Following successful trials of SCP-9047's physical resilience and exposure to various foods and substances toxic to canines, SCP-9047 was exposed to various pathogens by order and under the supervision of Dr. ██████████. Prior to these tests, Researcher Johnson was prohibited from allowing SCP-9047 to be vaccinated against any diseases.

<details>
<summary>+ Show Test Logs</summary>

***Note:** In cases of oral administration, SCP-9047 was fed from a sterile container with dog kibble and the administered pathogen, handled and disposed of according to standard biohazard management protocols. The kibble was also treated with [SCP-447](SCP-447)-2 to enhance palpability.*

---

**Item:** Canine parvovirus

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sedated and injected with the virus.

**Result:** SCP-9047 showed no signs of infection. Presenting it with treats in the following weeks led to typical increased salivation inconsistent with rabies.

---

**Item:** Rabies virus

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sedated and injected with the virus.

**Result:** SCP-9047 showed no signs of infection. Presenting it with treats in the following weeks led to typical increased salivation inconsistent with rabies.

---

**Item:** E.coli culture

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sedated and injected with the bacterial culture.

**Result:** SCP-9047 showed no signs of infection. Bacterial cultures from SCP-9047's bodily fluids showed no traces of the administered bacteria.

---

**Item:** Demodex canis mites

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was bathed in water treated with the mites.

**Result:** SCP-9047 showed no signs of itching or infection after being bathed.

---

**Item:** Microsporum canis spores

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was fed from a sterile container containing the spores.

**Result:** SCP-9047 showed no signs of infection. It appeared to enjoy eating the spores.

---

**Item:** [SCP-679](SCP-679)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was fed from a sterile container containing the spores.

**Result:** SCP-9047 showed no signs of infection.

---

**Item:** [SCP-1077](SCP-1077)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was fed from a sterile container containing the spores.

**Result:** SCP-9047 showed no signs of infection. No signs of cross contamination with SCP-679 were detected.

---

**Item:** [SCP-217](SCP-217)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sedated, and then a saline solution treated with SCP-217 was injected into SCP-9047.

**Result:** SCP-9047 appeared to be indifferent to being injected with the solution. ~~Due to the extremely slow progression of symptoms, it is not possible to conclude at this time whether SCP-217 has altered the physiology of SCP-9047.~~

---

**Item:** Pieces of cooked chicken infected with [SCP-008](SCP-008)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was fed from a sterile container containing the chicken meat.

**Result:** SCP-9047 consumed and digested the pieces of chicken and showed no signs of infection afterwards.

---

**Item:** 1cm sample of flesh from an instance of [SCP-610](SCP-610)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was fed from a sterile container containing the flesh sample. 

**Result:** SCP-9047 consumed and digested the sample and showed no signs of infection afterwards.

---

**Item:** [SCP-059](SCP-059)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was exposed to the specimen of SCP-059 in containment.

**Result:** SCP-9047 appeared to enjoy the taste of SCP-059, licking it vigorously before it was removed from the containment chamber of SCP-059.

---

**Item:** [SCP-409](SCP-409)

**Procedure:** SCP-9047 was sealed inside of the granite container containing SCP-409 for █ hours.

**Result:** SCP-9047 appeared to be distressed while sealed within the container, and quickly walked out and sought head pats once retrieved. Contact with both sterile gloves and bare skin did not lead to infection.

---

***Note:** In all cases, analysis of skin, hair, saliva, blood, urine, and fecal matter showed no trace of the administered pathogens. This suggests that SCP-9047 “filters” any toxins that it comes into contact with.*

</details>

Dr. ██████████ later attempted to breed SCP-9047 with other dogs in an attempt to ascertain the nature of SCP-9047’s anomalous properties. All offspring of SCP-9047 were terminated via captive bolt pistol, suggesting that its anomalous properties are intrinsic to it rather than being related to its genetics in some form.

By order of the Ethics Committee, further testing of SCP-9047's anomalous capabilities is prohibited.

**Addendum:** On 12/26/2004, SCP-9047 passed away in its sleep of natural causes and was reclassified to Neutralized, as its remains exhibited no anomalous effects and were able to be cremated shortly after analysis. A small funeral was held the following week for SCP-9047 at [REDACTED] with Site-18 staff in attendance. Dr. ██████████ was absent from the funeral, and Researcher Johnson requested transfer to Site-██ shortly afterwards.

<< [SCP-9046](SCP-9046) | SCP-9047 | [SCP-9048](SCP-9048) >>
