/* *// When you want to add new "records", *// */

/* *// add new "options" like the following format. *// */

.r1 {animation-delay: .5s;}

.r2 {animation-delay: 9s;}

.r3 {animation-delay: 18s;}

.r4 {animation-delay: 27s;}

.r5 {animation-delay: 36s;}

.r6 {animation-delay: 45s;}

.r7 {animation-delay: 54s;}

.r8 {animation-delay: 63s;}

.r9 {animation-delay: 72s;}

.r10 {animation-delay: 81s;}

.r11 {animation-delay: 90s;}

.r12 {animation-delay: 99s;}

.tape-wrap .collapsible-block-unfolded-link .collapsible-block-link

{animation-delay: calc(0s + 0s);}

.tape-record {position: relative;height: 6em;pointer-events: none;}.record {display: block;position: absolute;width: 100%;animation-name: record;animation-duration: 9s;opacity: 0;top: 0;text-align: center;}.tape-wrap {position: relative;background-color: rgba(244, 244, 244, 1);border: 1px dashed #999;padding: 0 1em;}.tape-anim {position: relative;background-image: url("https:*unofficial-scp-sandbox-jp.wikidot.com/local~~files/iroiro-workshop-8/DoxYSJAV4AET63r.png");background-size: 200px;background-position: center center;background-repeat: no-repeat;min-height: 300px;}.tape-left,.tape-right {display: block;position: absolute;margin: auto;height: 0;width: 70px;padding-bottom: 100%;background-image: url("https:*unofficial-scp-sandbox-jp.wikidot.com/local~~files/iroiro-workshop-8/scp_trans.png");background-size: contain;background-position: center center;background-repeat: no-repeat;pointer-events: none;}.tape-left {top: -20px;bottom: 0;left: -70px;right: 0;animation-name: spin1;animation-duration: 105s;animation-timing-function: linear;animation-fill-mode: forwards;}.tape-right {top: 0;bottom: -32px;left: 0;right: -72px;animation-name: spin1;animation-duration: 105s;animation-timing-function: linear;animation-fill-mode: forwards;}.tape-wrap .collapsible-block-unfolded-link {padding-top: 1em;}.tape-wrap .collapsible-block-folded,.tape-wrap .collapsible-block-unfolded-link {position: relative;text-align: center;}.tape-wrap .collapsible-block-link:before {display: inline-block;font: normal normal normal 14px/1 FontAwesome;font-size: inherit;text-rendering: auto;-webkit-font-smoothing: antialiased;-moz-osx-font-smoothing: grayscale;transform: translate(0, 0);}.tape-wrap .collapsible-block-folded .collapsible-block-link:before {content: "\f04b";}.tape-wrap .collapsible-block-unfolded-link .collapsible-block-link:before {content: "\f1da";}.tape-wrap .collapsible-block-unfolded-link .collapsible-block-link {animation-name: g-ex;animation-duration: 1s;animation-fill-mode: forwards;visibility: hidden;opacity: 0;}.tape-wrap .collapsible-block-folded {padding-top: 1em;padding-bottom: 1em;}@keyframes g-ex {50% {visibility: visible;opacity: 0;}100% {visibility: visible;opacity: 1;}}@keyframes spin1 {0% {transform: rotate(0deg);}100% {transform: rotate(360deg);}}@keyframes record {0% {opacity: 0;}25% {opacity: 1;}75% {opacity: 1;}100% {opacity: 0;}}@-moz-document url-prefix() {.tape-anim {height: 300px;}.tape-left,.tape-right {display: block;width: 70px;height: 70px;position: relative;margin: 0 auto;padding: 0 auto;}.tape-left {top: 105px;bottom: initial;left: -36px;}.tape-right {top: 60px;bottom: initial;left: 35px;}}

**SCP-9816: You Spin Me Right Round** 

**Author:** 

Thanks for checking this out <3

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/hyacinths-beanbag-corner#side-bar)

[SCP-9502](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9502) "Easy +1, genuinely surprised to see it doesn’t have more upvotes" - 

]

@@ @@

**Updated Procedures:** All personnel are required to read the attached incident log and watch the video for training purposes. No exceptions. For the archived description and containment procedures, see Addendum-9816-1. 

---

#### Incident Log-9816-1

---

**Foreword:** The following are two entries from Dr. Tojo's journal.

1/12/26

Party was a shitshow. Billy got wayyyy too drunk (crazy right?) and Zoey threw up all over the place. Took care of her for the night. Went to go wash her throw-up clothes and almost used *the* washing machine lol (I was a bit buzzed ;sob;) Managed to spend the rest of the night blissfully intact, all limbs accounted for. Also finally managed to finish the vid; hoping to post soon! Wanna get feedback from Daniel's first tho. Anyway, bye!

1/14/26

Got assigned to SCP-[REDACTED] Clearance level 3 required.  :c. I mean, like, it's not dangerous which is nice but it's pretty boring; on the plus side I got a ton of free time now! Maybe too much? ... I've been thinking about the washing machine... like, okay look you can't blame me. I kinda wanna press it. Like, how do they know?? Why the hell would they keep it in the freaking laundry room????? I think it's some sort of prank. There are no details about its discovery (/creation?), no explanation for the con-procs, and no evidence of its anomalous nature. IT CAN'T JUST BE ME RIGHT??? 

**Foreword**: The following is a video of Dr. Tojo's unauthorized testing of SCP-9816, which was filmed by his colleagues. Possibly while inebriated; evidence is inconclusive.

<details>
<summary>PLAY</summary>

**[BEGIN]**

*The feed is partially covered by a finger. A large crowd murmurs behind the camera. Tojo waves.*

**Tojo:** Recording?

**Roth:** Yeah, uh, go ahead whenever you're ready.

*Tojo stretches his arms and takes a breath before speaking.*

**Tojo:** Director - or whoever made the SCP-9816 entry - that was pretty clever!

*He walks toward the machine and rips off the sticky note on its panel.*

**Tojo:** I'm guessing you all had a few good laughs while making the entry, but the days of SCP-9816 terrorizing the Site are over. I don't think you all realize how *scary* it is to think you are going to **die** if you make a single wrong move in here. 

*He rests a hand on the machine.*

**Tojo:** This might be the most stressful anomaly on site, and we have SCP-[REDACTED], Clearance level 5 required. 

Note: Doctor Tojo did not possess the required clearance level.  so *that* is saying something. It was funny, but one day you need to realize a joke has run its course. For SCP-9816, today is that day. 

*Tojo braces; he flinches; he presses the power button. A little jingle plays. The room lets out a breath.*

**Tojo:** Not going to lie, I half thought it might actually–

*The machine explodes. The blast rips the camera out of Roth’s hands, launching it across the room. It falls, still recording through a broken, dirty lens. Exact details are difficult to make out due to the prevalence of unaccompanied and unidentifiable body parts. The video continues to play until Site medics arrive.*

**[END]**

</details>

---

#### Addendum-9816-1

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** All Site-19 personnel must be briefed on SCP-9816. Additionally, a sticky note reading "DO NOT USE" must be placed on the machine. 

**Description:** SCP-9816 is a washing machine that explodes upon use.

<< [SCP-9815](SCP-9815) | SCP-9816 | [SCP-9817](SCP-9817) >>
