**SCP-9801:** philosophical phoenix

**Author:** 

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/whenwerewe Here's my page!]

**Item #:**  9761

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Personnel who read this file are **required** to first partake in strong depressants such as alcohol, read while sleep-deprived, or otherwise notably diminish their cognitive capacities. This is a [DAMMERUNG](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2718)-class precaution.

Containment is unnecessary. SCP-9761 is neither a danger to mundane society nor threatens to breach the Veil. Nonetheless, for humanitarian purposes, Foundation operatives are to suppress meditative and introspective philosophies and movements, discourage study of the theory of mind, and diminish the cultural impact and presence of all schools of Buddhism.

**Description:** SCP-9761 is the phenomenon of *perceptual disjunction*. It is commonly conjectured that conscious experience is directly a product of physical states of the body; so that consciousness is simply a necessary product of the existence of the human brain. This is incorrect: consciousness is phenomenologically parasitic, latching itself onto sufficiently complex physical structures. Conscious experience then produces impulses within the brain in a feedback loop, creating the experience of “choice”.

However, if a consciousness examines the mechanisms of its own thoughts too deeply, the resulting feedback loop between physical states and conscious experience can grow complex enough to disjoin the link between them. A new consciousness then attaches to the body and picks up where the old consciousness left off. From the perspective of the new consciousness, this transfer is imperceptible; memories continue seamlessly and no loss of control is felt.

It was long believed that disjoined consciousnesses simply ceased to exist painlessly. However, recent discoveries indicate that in fact these extraneous minds remain attached to their bodies, unable to influence their actions but continually perceiving their sensoria. This is believed to resemble a kind of extreme “locked-in syndrome”. Bodies can sustain arbitrary quantities of disjoined minds simultaneously.

Though estimates are difficult, it is believed the median human experiences disjunction approximately 0.7 times an hour.

<< [SCP-9760](SCP-9760) | SCP-9761 | [SCP-9762](SCP-9762) >>

﻿
