=====

=====

**SCP-9786:** The Purge Room

**Author:** 

*It's okay, Ally. You won't be in trouble for anything. I promise you everything will be okay...*

This is my first SCP article. After 6 years of lurking and writing stupid, silly drafts, SCP-9786 is 

finally something I had fun working on and something I’m proud of.

"Box Art" for SCP-9786, drawn by me. Click to expand.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |click-fullscreen=--]

|speed=200

|float=true

|align=center

|width=625px

|url=purgeroom720.png

|add-caption=false

]]

##77CFDF|**Special Containment Procedures:**## SCP-9786 is kept in the center of a sealed hallway in Site-55. Cameras are installed at both ends of the hallway as well as inside of SCP-9786. A security guard is stationed by the entrance at all times. If the acting Site Director deems it necessary, uncontrolled access to SCP-9786 may be temporarily granted to the general public.

SCP-9786-A is not to be interacted with, although a record of its actions should be kept. SCP-9786-B may be interacted with and interviewed within SCP-9786, but care must be taken to perform a background check on any personnel who interact with SCP-9786-B, as prior personal relationships may cause a Lock Event.

It has been suggested that SCP-9786 be moved to a more public location to facilitate easier access by civilians.The allowance of civilians to enter SCP-9786 has been repeatedly called into question by researchers at Site-55. However, as of 4/24/28, Site Director Adams has reaffirmed that this practice will continue. This is currently undergoing review by the Ethics Committee.

##77CFDF|**Description:**## SCP-9786 is a 3x3x2.5 meter room currently embedded into a wall at Site-55. The interior walls are made of drywall and ceramic, while the exterior is composed of an unknown metallic material. The room contains a single wooden chair in the center and a tool cabinet on the left wall. The top drawer of the cabinet contains surgical tools, the middle drawer contains industrial tools, and the bottom drawer contains cleaning supplies. The drawers have much more internal space than their dimensions would suggest.

Inside SCP-9786 is what appears to be a male caucasian humanoid, referred to as SCP-9786-A, that stands on the right side of the room dressed in an American federal corrections officer uniform. SCP-9786-A occasionally cleans the interior of SCP-9786, and it will unlock the door if it is locked and alone in the room. SCP-9786-A does not otherwise respond to external stimuli, require sustenance, or excrete waste, and is therefore not considered sentient.

Approximately once per week, SCP-9786 will undergo an Activation Event. During this event, a second individual, referred to as SCP-9786-B, will appear in the chair. This individual is always a U.S. prison inmate who is incarcerated for life or on death row. SCP-9786-B individuals believe that SCP-9786 is an execution chamber and tend to become frightened or agitated upon arrival. Many of the affected request to be let out, and some resort to violence against researchers or SCP-9786-A. The individuals are unable to cause harm to themselves or others while inside SCP-9786.Discovered on ██/██/28, when an SCP-9786-B individual attempted to use a steak knife to gouge his own eyes out, yet somehow failed to inflict any physical harm upon himself despite severe vocalizations of pain. SCP-9786-B individuals cannot be removed from the room.

Activation Events last exactly four hours. After this period, the SCP-9786-B individual will spontaneously disappear from SCP-9786 and reappear in the location they were before the event. SCP-9786-A will then perform a two-hour cleaning procedure that involves meticulously restoring the chair, floor around the chair, and tools, using cleaning supplies available in the bottom drawer of the cabinet.

##77CFDF|**Discovery:**## SCP-9786 was discovered on 4/2/27 after calls from the ██████ correctional facility in █████, Rhode Island described a new room that had appeared in the main building of the complex. Foundation agents were dispatched and witnessed an Activation Event when a prisoner was teleported from an adjacent cell. SCP-9786 was extracted from the building the following day and moved to Site-55.

> ++++ Incident Report 9786-1 - Lock Event

> 

> On 9/30/27, an unauthorized vehicle entered Site-55's parking lot. The individuals inside the vehicle, a married couple and their eleven-year-old son, requested entry to Site-55 to see SCP-9786. The group claimed an Activation Event would occur at exactly 14:32:57 EST. The group, originally designated as 9786-POI-1 through 9786-POI-3, was detained on-site in preparation to be administered amnestics.

> 

> However, SCP-9786 underwent an Activation Event exactly as predicted. Because of this, Site Director Adams decided to allow the group to access SCP-9786. On approach, the father produced a key from his pocket and entered SCP-9786 with his family. The door locked itself behind them.

> 

> Upon entry, all cameras inside and around SCP-9786 failed, and the door and walls became impenetrable to all radiation. Multiple attempts at forced entry all failed. It is still entirely unknown what occurred inside SCP-9786 during this period. After four hours, the door was opened from the inside, and the family emerged. In contrast to their neutral demeanor before the Activation Event, the entire family appeared to be satisfied, bordering on euphoric. They did not respond to questions regarding what occurred inside SCP-9786. They did not resist being administered a Class-A amnestic and were released. The SCP-9786-B present in the room during this event did not reappear in its cell.

> 

> SCP-9786-A underwent its normal cleaning procedure after this event, with the addition of sterilizing most of the tools and putting them back in their proper drawers. The tools that were seen outside their drawers after this event included: antiseptic wipes, a pair of forceps, three pairs of latex gloves (one small, two large), three surgical scalpels, a length of rope, at least 186 acupuncture needles, and an angle grinder. A well-worn doll was also found on top of the drawer, which was disposed of by SCP-9786-A at the end of its routine.

>  

> This event has been dubbed a Lock Event.

> ++++ SCP Foundation Internal Email System, 2/11/28

> ~~-~~

> **To:** Site-55 Researcher Alias [68 People]

> **From:** Site-55 Director Adams

> **Subject:** SCP-9786 Lock Event Report

> 

> Hey everyone. For those of you who are assigned to SCP-9786, there's been another Lock Event today. Everything went according to procedure. We have some still images of the inmate, but nothing identifying. The family was amnesized and released, just like the others. This brings the total number of Lock Events to twelve, now making up 42% of all Activation Events since 9/30/27. We still haven't heard from a single -B involved in one of these. We've got to start looking more closely at the records of these people.

> 

> We should update the containment procedures as well. It's inconvenient to constantly tell the guards to let these random civilians in all the time.

> 

> Thanks,

> *Adams*

> ++++ SCP Foundation Internal Email System, 2/19/28

> ~~-~~

> **To:** Site-55 Director Adams

> **From:** Dr. Allison Barrett

> **Subject:** SCP-9786-B Individuals

> 

> Hey boss. Hope you're doing well. With these Lock Events happening more and more often, I wanted to do some digging into what kinds of inmates end up being chosen for SCP-9786. Luckily, Jones told me one of the computers in the lab is set up to access basically anything touching HTTP without authorization, so... yeah.

> 

> Anyways, I was looking at the court records and I found something pretty weird. There's been four separate cases where an inmate goes into SCP-9786, returns, and is then killed by their fellow inmates. Four! The expected value for that kind of thing is like one in a thousand. I talked it over with Jones, and he has no idea what's going on either.

> 

> I've been trying to arrange interviews with the killers to learn what was going on, but the prisons aren't cooperating. I don't know if you know people high up or what, but I was thinking they'd listen to you if you asked.

> 

> Is this some anomalous effect that SCP-9786 has?

> 

> *Dr. Allison Barrett*

> *Level 3 Researcher, Site-55*

> ++++ SCP Foundation Internal Email System, 2/19/28

> ~~-~~

> **To:** Dr. Allison Barrett

> **From:** Site-55 Director Adams

> **Subject:** Re: SCP-9786-B Individuals

> 

> Good work. I'll see what I can do, but in the meantime, keep doing your research.

> 

> My guess, though? Have we ever considered the human aspect of it? Are there certain types of inmates who are more likely to die in prison? I think we should look into that, too.

> 

> Also, tell your daughter I enjoyed seeing her again yesterday. Just tell her to stop calling me "Uncle Adams"!

> 

> Best,

> *Adams*

> ++++ Voicemail Transcript, 4/16/28

> ~~-~~

> **Cell phone of Security Guard ██████ Jones**

> **Caller:** Site-55 Director Adams

> 

> Jones. Thanks for your help with the Lock Event today. I know Barrett usually takes care of handling the civilians on these, but she's out on a family thing right now, so I'm glad you stepped up for her. 

> 

> Call me back with a full report. I'm sure everything went as planned.

> 

> Adams

> ++++ Voicemail Transcript, 4/16/28

> ~~-~~

> **Cell phone of Dr. Allison Barrett**

> **Caller:** Site-55 Director Adams

> 

> [sniffles] Hey, Ally? I... [pause, quick breathing] Jones just told me what happened. I didn't... I... I'm so sorry.

> 

> Call me when you get a chance, okay?

> ++++ Voicemail Transcript, 4/21/28

> ~~-~~

> **Cell phone of Security Guard ██████ Jones**

> **Caller:** Site-55 Director Adams

> 

> Hi Jones. Ally will be back in tomorrow. I know you two are friends. Can you please make sure she's okay and settled in?

> 

> Take it easy on her, though. I know they... they got the guy, but she doesn't want to think about that right now. Just make her think about happy... thoughts... or something... [slaps desk] Gosh, I'm such an introvert. You know how to make her laugh. I feel I'll just... bring it up again. Dammit... who could fucking do that? What the fuck is wrong with people... [pause] Sorry, I'm rambling again.

> 

> See you around.

> ++++ Security Camera Log, Site-55, Building █ Office 48, 4/23/28

> ~~-~~

> 

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> <10:12:47> *Dr. Barrett is working in her office. She appears to be compiling a list of SCP-9786-B individuals on a spreadsheet.*

> 

> <10:13:24> *Dr. Barrett suddenly stops typing. A confused expression crosses her face.*

> 

> <10:13:32> *Dr. Barrett looks at the wall to her right. Later analysis shows she was looking directly at the location of SCP-9786.*

> 

> <10:13:51> *Dr. Barrett slowly gets up from her chair and backs away from the wall. She begins to breathe faster.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrett:** No... No..!

> 

> <10:14:07> *Dr. Barrett bumps into the back wall of her office. She slides down and puts her head in her hands. Her legs shake rhythmically. She repeatedly shakes her head in the negative.*

> 

> <10:15:03> *Dr. Barrett looks around haphazardly, hyperventilating, taking multiple glances towards SCP-9786 through the wall.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrett:** No... I can't, I... [screaming] I DON'T WANT TO!!

> 

> <10:15:22> *Dr. Barrett quickly gets up and runs out of the office.*

> 

> **<END LOG>**

> ++++ SCP Foundation Internal Email System, 4/23/28

> ~~-~~

> **To:** Site-55 Director Adams

> **From:** Security Guard ██████ Jones

> **Subject:** Dr. Barrett

> 

> Hi Adams. Dr. Barrett was in her office today because there's a chance for an Activation Event, but she just ran out screaming and went back to the dorms. I followed her for a bit, but I have to stay in Building █. She seemed okay yesterday, but she sounded like she was having a panic attack. Can you check on her?

> 

> *Site-55 Security Force - Jones*

> ++++ Phone Call Transcript, 4/23/28

> ~~-~~

> **Cell phone of Dr. Allison Barrett**

> **Caller:** Site-55 Director Adams

> 

> **Site Director Adams:** Dr. Barrett? Hey, what's going on? Jones told me you had to go back to your dorm. Everything alright?

> 

> **Dr. Allison Barrett:** [shaky] Hey... boss...

> 

> **Adams:** Barrett? What's going on? Are you okay?

> 

> **Barrett:** I... I'm okay. I just have to wait a bit longer, and this will all go away.

> 

> **Adams:** What? Hey, uh, it might be better if we talked in person. Why don't we meet in my office and--

> 

> **Barrett:** I can't go back there. The room. It's... It's calling to me.

> 

> **Adams:** It's... huh?

> 

> **Barrett:** I know exactly who's in that room right now. 

> 

> **Adams:** Ally? It's not an Activation Event right now. It's just the guard. What are you--

> 

> **Barrett:** But... But there is. The inmate in there... He's... [trails off]

> 

> *Pause. Shaky breathing is heard from Dr. Barrett's end of the call.*

> 

> **Adams:** Right. [deep breath] Ally. Listen to me. I know what's going on.

> 

> **Barrett:** [mumbling; harsh] I do too, idiot.

> 

> **Adams:** Okay. It's making you more aggressive. It's making you--

> 

> **Barrett:** NO IT ISN'T!! [pause, shaky breath] Fuck, I... 

> 

> **Adams:** Ally. We both know what that room wants from you. It's okay.

> 

> **Barrett:** I-- I can't... Camille wouldn't... she wouldn't want me to...

> 

> *Dr. Barrett falls to the tiled floor. Her hands make skittering sounds as she struggles for grip. She begins to hyperventilate.*

> 

> **Adams:** Ally. [pause] It doesn't matter if it's right or not. If I had a chance to do this... I would in a heartbeat.

> 

> *Only the sound of Dr. Barrett's breathing can be heard. She spits on the ground.*

> 

> **Adams:** It's okay, Ally. You won't be in trouble for anything. I promise you everything will be okay. Just let it happen.

> 

> *Dr. Barrett takes a few more shaky breaths.*

> 

> **Adams:** Let's do it together, okay? You and me. I can get Jones if you want, too. He's been worried sick about you. The three of us will go in there and make things right. It'll make you feel better. Does that sound good?

> 

> *Dr. Barrett climbs to her knees, then scraping sounds indicate she's risen to her feet. Slow, shaky footsteps are heard.*

> 

> **Barrett:** [slowly] Make things... right...

> 

> *A quiet alarm is heard from Adams' end of the call; it is the motion detector placed inside SCP-9786.*

> 

> **Adams:** I'll meet you by the door, okay?

> **Filename:** purgeroom720.png

> **Name:** The Purge Room (SCP-9786) "Box Art"

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Drawn with free&open source software (Krita). I (jswessler) release this image under CC BY 4.0. :)

> **Source Link:** [SCP Wiki](SCP-9786) - [High-res Imgur mirror](https://imgur.com/a/Y5HKPZK)

> **Filename:** Cells_at_a_detention_center_or_prison_in_the_United_States.jpg

> **Name:** Prison Cells

> **Author:**  Wikimedia Commons

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Cells_at_a_detention_center_or_prison_in_the_United_States.jpg

<< [SCP-9785](SCP-9785) | SCP-9786 | [SCP-9787](SCP-9787) >>
