=====

=====

**This article includes CWs for:** implications of animal and institutional abuse.

**SCP-9520 - Unlovable**

by  & 

Written for the 2026 Deer Collage Mentorship Event

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9520 is to be contained within a standard greenhouse containment cell in the Beta Wing of Site-118. It is to be provided with constant access to either direct sunlight or an artificial light source.

**Addendum-1:** Until further notice, Dr. Smith is barred from any interaction with SCP-9520 and is not allowed to participate in its testing.

---

**Description:** SCP-9520 is a spheroid mass of photosynthetic, cephalopod-like tentacles. It is capable of mimicking the appearance of other entities by self-transfiguration; while mostly identical, these mimics will possess a varying number of imperfections, such as suckers and geometric patterns where limbs, eyes, and/or other external organs would be.

~~SCP- is thought to possess cognitive function and presents behavior comparable to that of a juvenile canine.~~ SCP-9520 is currently not considered to be sentient. SCP-9520 must not be considered sentient by personnel, regardless of its behaviors.

---

**Addendum-2:** Discovery

SCP-9520 was first discovered by a civilian named Charlie Jones in a dog park. Suspecting it had rabies as it had transformed into his Golden Retriever, he attempted to beat it to death with a baseball bat and later ran it over with his car. When both of these attempts failed to terminate SCP-9520, he called the police, and Foundation agents embedded within the LAPD retrieved the anomaly without casualties.

Later interviews with civilians who witnessed Jones’ behavior described SCP-9520 as erratic and persistent in chasing their children, especially if they had candy or other food items. One witness in particular described SCP-9520 as “attempting to hug” her daughter, making noises similar to an infant.

---

**Addendum-3:** Test Log

The following are various rounds of testing conducted on SCP-9520.

**OBSERVATION-18/05/2020**

Since its initial containment, SCP-9520 remains motionless in its cell at all times except when perceiving the staff coming to the observation room. Immediately after observing them, it changes its physical appearance in an attempt to match that of a seemingly random domesticated animal. Further tests are required.

-Dr. Dullard Smith

---

**TESTING ROUND-A**

---

**Date:** 19/05/2020

**Researcher:** Dr. Dullard Smith

**Objective:** Testing if SCP-9520 is capable of responding to topical stimuli.

**Protocol:** SCP-9520 will be introduced to D-82683, who will be instructed to pet it.

---

**Transcript:**

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Smith:** Alright, let's start.

*<The door to SCP-9520's cell is opened, and D-82683 steps inside.>*

**D-82683:** So I just touch this gross lookin’ thing?

**Dr. Smith:** Yes. Until it—

*<SCP-9520 begins to transform. Its appearance matches that of a small chihuahua with tentacles where its tail would be.>*

**D-82683:** Aww…

**Dr. Smith:** Don’t get attached, it's not even alive. We are here to make sure that this anomaly remains here and won't cause any problems, so just do what you are ordered to do.

**D-82683:** Really doc? It’s just a weird lookin’ puppy…

**Dr. Smith:** D-82683, approach SCP-9520 and pet it.

*<D-82683 does as she is instructed. SCP-9520 leans into the touch and barks like there is phlegm in its throat.>*

**D-82683:** Ew…

**Dr. Smith:** Pet its head and back, please.

*<D-82683 does as she is instructed once again. SCP-9520 responds by rolling over onto its belly and pawing at the air.>*

**D-82683:** It’s so adorable! Aww, aren’t you a little cutie?

**Dr. Smith:** End the test. We’ve gathered enough information.

**D-82683:** Damn, really?

*<SCP-9520 whimpers loudly as D-82683 is escorted out of the room. It returns to its inert state upon the door’s closing.>*

[END LOG]

**[7 TEST OMITTED BY RESEARCH STAFF]**

---

TESTING ROUND-B

Date

27/5/2020

Researcher

Dr. Dullard Smith

Objective

Testing the composition of SCP-9520's tentacles.

Protocol

A small sample will be taken from SCP-9520 by a member of the D-Class personnel. The same sample will then be analyzed in the on-site laboratory.

Results

D-8164 entered the cell holding an empty syringe needle. SCP-9520 spotted him immediately and started "waving" its tentacles, which didn't cease until D-8164 stuck it with the needle. Upon this, SCP-9520 “screamed”Present testing staff likened the sound to a wolf pup yelping., retreating into a corner of its cell. D-8164 was then ordered to leave the cell. Later results from the laboratory stated that the sample blood taken was no different from that of a non-anomalous octopus.

Notes

SCP-9520 almost immediately regenerated the wound caused by the sampling.

**[23 TESTS OMITTED BY RESEARCH STAFF]**

---

TEST-C

Date

27/5/2020

Researcher

Dr. Dullard Smith

Objective

Testing SCP-9520's potential danger to human life through its capacity to mimic complex inanimate objects or weapons under duress.

Protocol

SCP-9520 will be shown both the internal & external components of a standard Nerf N-series Jolt Blaster.

Results

D-27388 placed various relevant images around SCP-9520's cell, demonstrating the intended effect with a replica gun aimed at the south-eastern wall. SCP-9520 performed various twitching motions throughout the test's duration; however, it did not attempt to mimic the Nerf gun. Instead, it began picking up the bullets fired by D-27388.

Notes

SCP-9520's potential harm, while not apparent, cannot be taken lightly. More testing is required, preferably with items more physically stimulating to SCP-9520.

**[72 TESTS OMITTED BY RESEARCH STAFF]**

---

**OBSERVATION-04/06/2020**

SCP-9520's erratic behavior has greatly increased following an increased testing schedule. It occasionally bruises the D-class assigned to it after tests are complete. SCP-9520's mimicry abilities still seem to be present despite my research proving its lack of sentience. There is a reasonable threat to our operations considering its lack of intelligence, which may result in mimicking something that could cause destruction on an unprecedented scale.

Dr. Dullard Smith

---

TESTING ROUND-D

Date

11/6/2020

Researcher

Dr. Dullard Smith

Objective

Testing if SCP-9520 is capable of mimicking other entities while they are in other stages of their lifespans.

Protocol

One chicken egg will be placed in SCP-9520’s containment cell. If SCP-9520 transforms into an adult chicken, it will be told to produce an egg.

Results

After placement of the egg, SCP-9520 slowly transfigured itself to appear as an adult chicken. In this form, it possessed five tentacles growing out of random orifices of its body. D-16358 was prompted to shake the chicken egg to motion SCP-9520 to produce one. After approximately 8 minutes, SCP-9520 produced an egg identical in chemical & biological composition to a standard chicken egg. SCP-9520 began to produce more eggs after this, at which it collapsed and returned to its baseline state with severe lacerations and brown spots all over its tendrils.

Notes

Cross-testing between SCP-9520 and self-replicating anomalies has been prohibited indefinitely at the request of the Ethics Committee.

**[23 TEST OMITTED BY RESEARCH STAFF]**

---

**OBSERVATION-27/09/2020**

Over the past 3 months, SCP-9520's activity has been gradually declining. No tests have been performed on it since the last one, and it has still not recovered to the form in which we found it. It now remains motionless in the southwest corner of its cell. What a pain. The Ethics Committee is prohibiting tests until further notice, which I find to be a waste of everyone’s time and resources. Let’s hope some more light and heat lamps will get us right back into business.

-Dr. Dullard Smith

---

 The Ethics Committee denied us again. Sorry. I couldn’t make them listen.

Do we really need to keep doing this? You can just test normally. Do some stuff with blue light. Maybe it’ll react to rainbows in some way. Why can’t you test that?

“Why can’t you test that?”—Do you even know who I am? I get you’re new to this site, but open your eyes. Listen for once in your life. *I* am in charge when the Director isn’t here, *I* am the one you report to when you’re doing nothing but sitting on your arse.

Don’t display any more of this recalcitrance towards me again, or else I’ll demote you.

**Addendum-4:** Video Log-1

The following is a recorded interaction between Dr. Smith and Dr. Nolan, imported into this file for contextual relevance.

**Transcript:**

[BEGIN LOG]

*<Dr. Smith and Dr. Nolan are walking down the steel corridors of Site-118. Dr. Nolan can barely keep up with Dr. Smith’s walking pace; he is almost out of breath.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** You’re being obstinate, Dr. Smith.

*<Dr. Smith does not pause to look at him.>*

**Dr. Smith:** And *you* are being an ignorant buffoon. If you knew better, you wouldn’t be questioning me on SCP-9520.

**Dr. Nolan:** I don’t want to get docked by the Ethics Committee.

**Dr. Smith:** We don’t *need* the Ethics Committee for a stupid little plant.

**Dr. Nolan:** It’s more than that.

**Dr. Smith:** No, it isn’t. Insisting on such is to lose sight of what you were hired for.

**Dr. Nolan:** Hired for?! What are you talking about?! Ideals?! It’s a plant that turns into cute little animals!

**Dr. Smith:** You think that’s it?!

*<Dr. Smith abruptly stops, nearly tripping Dr. Nolan over. The latter composes himself quickly, his face still tainted with shock. Dr. Smith glowers at him, a scowl forming across his face.>*

**Dr. Smith:** We’re the only protection normal people have against the crazy. Do you think that’s worth jeopardizing?

**Dr. Nolan:** What, no—

**Dr. Smith:** Exactly. Die in the dark so they can live in the light. I’ve given up everything for the Foundation, and I’m not about to take smack from someone not willing to do the same.

**Dr. Nolan:** Who said I wasn’t willing to do the same?!

**Dr. Smith:** You don’t have the walk. You don’t talk the talk.

*<Dr. Nolan is silent.>*

**Dr. Smith**: You’re fawning over something that, arguably, doesn’t deserve to live by the natural order.

**Dr. Nolan:** Says who?

**Dr. Smith:** Says us. Says the Foundation.

**Dr. Nolan:** You’re being far too cruel—

*<Dr. Smith takes a step back and breathes in deep. He composes himself with a deep exhale, looking back up to Dr. Nolan with a flat expression that borders on furious.>*

**Dr. Smith:** You don't know cruel, Nolan. You don't know the cruelty of something that treats you the way you'd treat an ant. You have a job here because someone had to be the cruel one when the blood started clogging up the budget. You can stand here alive because someone decided that the safety of 8 fucking billion people was more important than your anthropomorphized projections!

*<Silence for five seconds.>*

**Dr. Smith:** *Are you listening to me?*

**Dr. Nolan:** Y-Yes, Dr. Smith, I understand.

**Dr. Smith:** Good. Wonderful. Glad we could come to an agreement. Now, if you don’t mind, I need you to submit another report to EthCom.

[END LOG]

**Addendum-5:** Video Log-2

On 29/9/2020, multiple anomalies breached containment in Site-118. The following is bodycam footage from Dr. Vance Nolan, deemed contextually relevant to SCP-9520's behavior.

[BEGIN LOG]

*<Dr. Nolan is running across a hallway. He quickly stops at the first containment cell door and runs inside. The cell’s number is not visible in the dark. Upon running past the entrance to the observational room, he enters the inner chamber. Loud breathing can be heard from him as he stops inside. Some movement can be seen in the south corner of the cell. >*

*<Dr. Nolan gets up and runs towards the door, but stops upon hearing something outside.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** Fuck.

*<Dr. Nolan turns around just to see SCP-9520 within a few meters of him.>*

*<SCP-9520 stops for a second. It then proceeds to use one of its tentacles to grab the researcher's leg.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** Oh. It's just you.

*<SCP-9520 proceeds to start pulling the researcher by his leg.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** Okay! Okay, I will go.

*<Dr. Nolan proceeds to follow SCP-9520 to the other side of the cell.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** So? What now?

*<SCP-9520 is visible sitting down next to the wall. It quickly points to a place next to it for the researcher. Dr. Nolan sits down next to the entity.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** Well... what now?

*<SCP-9520 can be seen getting up and rolling towards a ball lying on the ground. It proceeds to grab it with its tentacle and give it to the researcher.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** Since when did we have balls stored here?

*<SCP-9520 emits a high-pitched sound. Dr. Nolan proceeds to throw the ball. SCP-9520 rolls after the ball, grabs it, and returns it to the researcher. Dr. Nolan can be heard slightly chuckling.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** So you just want to play, huh?

*<SCP-9520 once again emits a high-pitched sound. Dr. Nolan proceeds to throw the ball again, with the anomaly returning the ball.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** When was the last time you played with someone?

*<SCP-9520 can be seen slightly flattening its shape.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** Hey! Don't get sad. We can play for as long as you want! Well, I guess until things die down...

*<SCP-9520 instantly reshapes itself back into a ball. The ball is thrown and returned multiple times over the next 32 minutes.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** Well... You seem a bit tired, aren't you?

*<SCP-9520 stops for a second and then proceeds to tuck itself on the right of the researcher.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** Hmm... Sleep well.

*<Around 2 hours and 48 minutes later, 2 operatives of MTF Epsilon-11 can be seen entering the cell.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** Took you long enough.

[END LOG]

---

**Addendum-6:** Video log-3 and an observation performed on SCP-9520 after the containment breach.

**Transcript:**

[BEGIN LOG]

*<Dr. Nolan can be seen walking past Dr. Smith, stopping suddenly and turning around towards him.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** You gonna just keep ignoring me?

**Dr. Smith:** Hmm?

**Dr. Nolan:** Don't "hm?" me! If you're not going to acknowledge my concerns, then say it to my face!

*<Dr.Smith sighs.>*

**Dr. Smith:** This again? I swear to god I have no idea why you care so much about this thing's comfort. It's barely alive anyway!

**Dr. Nolan:** You know damn well it's not "barely" alive!

**Dr. Smith:** I know alot of things, kid, certainly more than a replacement that takes a month to fix a lightbulb! For what it's worth, you should learn when to just say 'yes sir!' before someone less forgiving of your bullshit teaches you the hard way.

**Dr. Nolan:** You could be the site director for all I care! I'm not sitting by to see him be tortured!

**Dr. Smith:** So you really don't want this job, huh? After all the shit our people,-No, I, have been through! Just so some random untested anomaly can't blow up the planet! You still have the audacity for this!?

*<Dr. Smith sighs before checking his wristwatch, patting Dr. Nolan on the shoulder.>*

**Dr. Smith:** You need to consider your priorities, Vance. I want those half-baked monthly's done by the end of lunch.

*<Dr. Smith walks away from Dr. Nolan.>*

**Dr. Nolan:** I wanted to give you a final chance. Shame you're not taking it.

[END LOG]

Attention all personnel,

Per order of the Site-118 Ethics Committee Liaison, Mason Calloway, Dr. Lynette Raven has been appointed as head of SCP-9520 research effective immediately, due to a recent investigation revealing various ethical violations committed mainly by Dr. Dullard Smith.

Specifically, Dr. Smith has been found in violation of Sections 75B Article 4 and Section 12F Article 3 of the Standard SCP Foundation Employee Manual Regarding the proper treatment of sentient anomalous objects and intentional falsification of information concerning anomalous objects, respectively. , and thus has been transferred to Site-37 and placed on temporary intensive monitoring by the site's Ethics Committee Liaison.

-Any questions must be submitted to the receptionist's office or Head Assistant Walter King.

**OBSERVATION-13/10/2020**

Following the recent containment breach, Dr. Vance Nolan has been allowed to visit SCP-9520 on a daily basis due to developing positive behavioral changes, characterized by standard levels of activity only ceasing when Dr. Nolan leaves the containment cell. Transformations performed by SCP-9520 are now also rarer than before.

Additionally, SCP-9520 no longer responds to its designation.

-Dr. Lynette Raven

---

**Addendum-6:** The following is a note that was found by Dr. Raven attached to the computer in the observational room of SCP-9520.

I named it Jimmy :)

---

<< [SCP-9519](SCP-9519) | SCP-9520 | [SCP-9521](SCP-9521) >>
