/*

 * This is an uglified version of http://topia.wikidot.com/local--files/the-siege-of-site-19/SiegeOfSite19.scss

 */

@import url("https:*fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=PT+Serif&display=swap");@import url("https:*fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=IBM+Plex+Mono&display=swap");table{border-collapse:collapse}table th,table td{border:1px solid #050505;padding:5px 10px}table th{background-color:#acabab}div.system-message{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;background-color:#ececec;border:2px dashed #050505}div.system-message::before{content:"AIC System Message";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:-1.5em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#050505;background-color:#fff071;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.replies{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;border:2px solid #050505;border-radius:10px;background-color:#c1f1ff}div.replies::before{content:"Replies";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:45%;border:2px solid #050505;color:#f3f3f3;background-color:#140077;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.calvin-reply{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;border:1px solid #050505;background-color:#e8fcff;padding-top:-2em}div.calvin-reply::before{content:"Researcher Calvin";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:-1.5em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#050505;background-color:#009f1e;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.gregory-reply{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;border:1px solid #050505;background-color:#e8fcff;padding-top:-2em}div.gregory-reply::before{content:"Dr. Gregory";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:-1.5em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#f3f3f3;background-color:#4a0179;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.deneal-reply{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;border:1px solid #050505;background-color:#e8fcff;padding-top:-2em}div.deneal-reply::before{content:"Dr. DeNeal";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:-1.5em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#050505;background-color:#00ffd2;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.irc-log{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;border:3px solid #2ef300;background-color:#424242;border-radius:15px;font-family:"IBM Plex Mono",monospace;color:#2ef300}div.irc-log td{border:1px solid #2ef300;font-weight:bold}div.irc-log p{line-height:200%}div.irc-log span.userred{font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:1px;background-color:#ffabab;color:#050505;padding-left:2px;border:1px solid #ffabab;margin-right:.25em}div.irc-log span.userblue{font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:1px;background-color:#abcdff;color:#050505;padding-left:2px;border:1px solid #abcdff;margin-right:.25em}div.irc-log span.usergray{font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:1px;background-color:#e7e7e7;color:#050505;padding-left:2px;border:1px solid #e7e7e7;margin-right:.25em}div.irc-log span.userpink{font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:1px;background-color:#ffd6ff;color:#050505;padding-left:2px;border:1px solid #ffd6ff;margin-right:.25em}div.irc-log span.useryellow{font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:1px;background-color:#fffcb2;color:#050505;padding-left:2px;border:1px solid #fffcb2;margin-right:.25em}div.irc-log span.userorange{font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:1px;background-color:#ffe3b1;color:#050505;padding-left:2px;border:1px solid #ffe3b1;margin-right:.25em}div.irc-log span.usergreen{font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:1px;background-color:#afffb1;color:#050505;padding-left:2px;border:1px solid #afffb1;margin-right:.25em}div.irc-log span.userpurple{font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:1px;background-color:#d792ff;color:#050505;padding-left:2px;border:1px solid #d792ff;margin-right:.25em}div.irc-log::before{content:"Staff IRC Log";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:-1.5em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#050505;background-color:#5effa6;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.inventory-report{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;border:2px solid #050505;background-color:#eee;border-radius:3px}div.inventory-report::before{content:"Inventory Report";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:-1.5em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#050505;background-color:#ffcbcb;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.video-log{background-color:#f2f2f2;margin:36pt;padding:3%;text-align:left;border-top:1px solid #050505}div.video-log::before{content:"Video Footage Transcript";position:relative;top:-2.4em;left:-2.4em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#050505;background-color:#f3f3f3;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.site-log{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;background-color:#686768;color:#f3f3f3;border:3px dotted #f3f3f3;border-radius:10px}div.site-log::before{content:"Automated Site Status Report";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:-1.5em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#050505;background-color:#8ebeff;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.phone-log{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;border:3px solid #050505;background-color:#f3f3f3}div.phone-log::before{content:"Phone Call Transcript";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:-1.5em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#050505;background-color:#f8b9ff;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.conference-log{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;border:3px solid #050505;background-color:#e6fffb;border-radius:12px}div.conference-log::before{content:"Video Conference";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:-1.5em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#050505;background-color:#ffdcdc;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}div.announcement-box{margin:10px;margin-top:20px;padding:10px;);border:2px solid #050505;border-radius:3px}div.announcement-box::before{content:"Announcement";position:relative;top:-1.5em;left:-1.5em;border:2px solid #050505;color:#f3f3f3;background-color:#050505;font-family:"PT Serif",serif;padding:1px 3px;border-radius:3px;font-weight:bold;letter-spacing:2px}

/* css end */

**SCP-9856:** Strawberry Fields Forever

**Author:** 

Written for Dumbcon!

=====

=====

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9856 is to be kept in a standard item storage locker. Under no circumstances is it to be played outside of testing. All tests must be approved by Dr. Landon Pierce.

**Description:** SCP-9856 is a two minute long song recorded on a cassette tape. The song is sung in an unknown language by a single female voice. In the background, songbirds, wind, and footsteps are audible. When SCP-9856 is played, strawberry plants*Fragaria × ananassa* rapidly grow from the source of the recording. As testing is still ongoing, the full capabilities of SCP-9856 are currently unknown. 

**Discovery:** SCP-9856 was discovered by MTF Theta-4 ("Gardeners") after intercepting a 911 call placed at 1:40 PM local time on 3/20/2023. The caller reported sighting rapid plant growth and flashing lights in a greenhouse outside of Jefferson City, Missouri. When Theta-4 arrived at the greenhouse, they found it overrun with strawberry plants. Inside the greenhouse were dozens of speakers of different kinds, each playing SCP-9856 at a high volume. The tape containing SCP-9856 was then recovered by Theta-4, and brought to Biological Containment Site-66 for further testing.

@@ @@

| **Bio Site-66 Intralink, 3/29/2023** |
| --- |
**L_Pierce_66:** And that is where you two come in!

**L_Pierce_66:** I am leaving the rest of the file to the two of you. 

**K_Myers_66:** I don't see what else there is, it seems pretty straightforward to me. 

**K_Myers_66:** It could be useful for cutting food costs I guess.

**G_Tomazini_66:** The Foundation only just got SCP-9856, we still have a lot of questions to answer. We don't know if what's playing the music matters, or how loud it's playing... I'm really excited to get to work on this, though!

**L_Pierce_66:** It sounds like both of you have some good ideas already.

**L_Pierce_66:** I want the two of you to draft an experiment proposal and send it to me by the end of the week. Once I approve it, you can go ahead and perform your experiments before adding it to this document. 

**K_Myers_66:** Thank you, doctor. 

**G_Tomazini_66:** I thought junior researchers weren't allowed to run experiments unsupervised?

**L_Pierce_66:** Don't worry, both of you are more than capable

**L_Pierce_66:** If I could, I would have both of you as my assistants, but director Oak is firm in her decision. 

**K_Myers_66:** When can we expect your decision, then? 

**G_Tomazini_66:** I didn't want to ask but... 

**L_Pierce_66:** Please be patient. You might not think so, but this is very hard for me. 

**K_Myers_66:** Sorry. 

**L_Pierce_66:** Nothing to worry about. 

**L_Pierce_66:** Anyway, I can't wait to see what you two come up with! Best of luck!

@@ @@

**Addendum 9856.1:** After the submission and approval of his proposals, Jr. Researchers Kyle Myers and Giselle Tomazini began their experiments on SCP-9856. Results from these experiments are below.

= **EXPERIMENT 1**

---

**DATE: 4/8/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researchers Kyle Myers and Giselle Tomazini** 

---

**TEST:** SCP-9856 is inserted into a cassette player, which is connected to a speaker. This speaker is placed in a growbed within Site-66's safe class greenhouse. SCP-9856 is played. 

**RESULTS:** Ten seconds into SCP-9856, sprouts of *Fragaria × ananassa* begin to rapidly grow from the speaker, then spread onto the soil. Strawberry plants grow from the speaker, blossoming and bearing fruit as the song progresses. Forty six seconds into the song, the plants grow until the plastic bulges, then breaks. The speaker was rendered unusable, and disposed of. 

---

= **EXPERIMENT 2**

---

**DATE: 4/9/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researcher Kyle Myers** 

---

**TEST:** To attempt to stop plant growth within speakers playing SCP-9856, the speaker was laid face down into the soil. 

**RESULT:** Rapid growth of strawberries began within the speaker, causing it to short circuit only fifteen seconds into the song. Test considered a failure.

---

= **EXPERIMENT 3**

---

**DATE: 4/9/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researcher Kyle Myers** 

---

**TEST:** To attempt to stop plant growth within speakers playing SCP-9856, the speaker was buried within the growbed. 

**RESULT:** Soil filled the speaker, rendering it incapable of playing SCP-9856. The test was ruled another failure.

---

= **EXPERIMENT 4**

---

**DATE: 4/11/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researcher Giselle Tomazini** 

---

**TEST:** Two speakers playing SCP-9856 are set at opposite ends of a grow bed. SCP-9856 is played.

**RESULTS:** Plant growth begins with small sprouts within the speaker itself, but as SCP-9856 continues, plant growth is observable within the growbed itself instead of being confined to the inside of the speaker. Plants from speaker A grew towards speaker B, and vice versa. Growth persisted from both speakers, with the plants growing towards the source of SCP-9856. Growth ended when SCP-9856 reached its conclusion, with both speakers intact. Test is considered successful. 

---

@@ @@

| **Direct Message, 4/12/2023** |
| --- |
**K_Myers_66:** Explain yourself. 

**G_Tomazini_66:** Huh

**K_Myers_66:** Where's my speakers?

**G_Tomazini_66:** You think I stole your speakers?

**K_Myers_66:** I set up an experiment in the lab, I come back, they're  not there. 

**G_Tomazini_66:** I didn't take anything, I requisitioned my own speakers.

**K_Myers_66:** Considering you destroyed half of them in your experiments...

**G_Tomazini_66:** Like you haven't gotten a few jammed up speakers. 

**G_Tomazini_66:** Get it? Jammed? Because of the strawberries. 

**K_Myers_66:** Where are they?

**G_Tomazini_66:** I didn't do anything with your speakers come on. 

**G_Tomazini_66:** What's your problem? We've worked together for months. I thought we were chill. 

**K_Myers_66:** Whatever I just don't want you messing with my experiments ok? 

**G_Tomazini_66:** I'm not messing with anything. This is research, not a competition. 

**K_Myers_66:** I'm going to go search the lab again. 

**G_Tomazini_66:** Have fun with that. 

---

@@ @@

= **EXPERIMENT 5**

---

**DATE: 4/15/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researcher Giselle Tomazini** 

---

**TEST:** Two speakers were set on opposite sides of a grow bed, facing towards one another. Acoustic foam was placed between the speakers and the soil filling the growbed. 

**RESULTS:** Plant growth begins approximately ten seconds in, but is confined to the speakers. While the song may be the catalyst of SCP-9856, it does not spread unless there is another source of vibration close by. 

---

= **EXPERIMENT 6**

---

**DATE: 4/19/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researcher Kyle Myers** 

---

**TEST:** SCP-9856 is played by two speakers sat across from each other on a growbed. Before the song is played, the dirt within the grow bed is covered in fertilizer.

**RESULT:** Plant growth not visibly affected. 

---

@@ @@

| **Direct Message, 4/21/2023** |
| --- |
**K_Myers_66:** Dr. Pierce, I wanted to ask when you think you're going to make your decision.

**L_Pierce_66:** I've told you and Jr. Rsr. Tomazini that I still need some time, Kyle. 

**K_Myers_66:** I know you have, but my father keeps asking when I'm coming back to Area-04

**K_Myers_66:** And I'd rather tell him that I'm not coming back at all.

**K_Myers_66:** I want to stay here. I've more than earned it.

**L_Pierce_66:** I agree, but so has researcher Tomazini.

**K_Myers_66:** More than I have?

**L_Pierce_66:** You've both done wonderfully in this position, and I really wish I could have both of you in a permanent capacity. But 66 isn't the only place where you could have a successful career. You're a smart man. 

**K_Myers_66:** Thank you. 

**K_Myers_66:** I just don't want to be "Director Myers son" or "nepo baby" for the rest of my life. 

**L_Pierce_66:** You won't be, promise. 

**L_Pierce_66:** For now, I want you to focus on SCP-9856. Just focus on the now. You'll find your way through whatever life has to throw at you.

**K_Myers_66:** Thanks. 

**K_Myers_66:** Please message me when you've made your decision.

 

@@ @@

= **EXPERIMENT 7**

---

**DATE: 4/24/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researcher Kyle Myers** 

---

**TEST:** SCP-9856 is played and recorded by a standard Foundation PAD, and saved as a digital file. This file is played through two speakers on opposite sides of the growbed. 

**RESULTS:** SCP-9596 begins to play, causing strawberry plants to grow rapidly towards opposite speakers. Audio format does not affect SCP-9856‘s behavior. 

---

= **EXPERIMENT 8**

---

**DATE: 4/25/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researcher Giselle Tomazini** 

---

**TEST:** SCP-9856 is played at twice the normal speed from speakers on opposite sides of the growbed, to observe whether or whether not that would affect growth speed. 

**RESULTS:** Technical difficulties prevented the experiment from being conducted. The speakers that had been requisitioned for this experiment were damaged internally. I have placed a requisition order for more speakers.   

---

= **EXPERIMENT 9**

---

**DATE: 4/26/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researcher Kyle Myers** 

---

**TEST:** SCP-9856 is played from two speakers at an accelerated speed, twice its regular tempo. 

**RESULTS:** Plant growth quickened alongside the playback of SCP-9856, with plants reaching maturity after fifteen seconds. However, plants appeared stunted. 

---

@@ @@

| **Direct Message, 4/27/2023** |
| --- |
**G_Tomazini_66:** Dr. Pierce, I'm sorry to message you so suddenly, but I have reason to believe that Jr. Rsr. Myers has not only sabotaged my equipment, but has stolen my experiment. 

**L_Pierce_66:** I'm sure this is a misunderstanding. 

**G_Tomazini_66:**  What is there to misunderstand? Myers just so happens to perform the exact same experiment as me a day after mine failed? 

**L_Pierce_66:** It's likely that the two of you had similar conclusions about SCP-9856 independent of one another. That sometimes happens. No need to throw around accusations. 

**L_Pierce_66:** Let me talk to Kyle so we can get his side of the story as well. 

**L_Pierce_66:** Then we can discuss this further, alright?

**G_Tomazini_66:** Thank you, doctor. 

**L_Pierce_66:** No problem. Keep up the good work!

@@ @@

= **EXPERIMENT 10**

---

**DATE: 4/27/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researcher Kyle Myers** 

---

**TEST:** A block of concrete is placed between two speakers on a growbed. SCP-9856 is played.

**RESULT:** Plant growth began as recorded in other experiments. Upon reaching the concrete, roots sink into the pores and cracks of the material, growing into it until it cracks.  

---

= **EXPERIMENT 11**

---

**DATE: 4/27/2023** 

**PERFORMED BY: Junior Researcher Kyle Myers** 

---

**TEST:** A block of concrete is placed in the growbed. A recording of SCP-9856 is played through headphones set on top of the block.

**RESULT:** Strawberry plants grow rapidly from the headphones, penetrating the concrete before reaching the other side of the headphone. Test considered a success. 

---

@@ @@

| **Direct Message, 4/28/2023** |
| --- |
**G_Tomazini_66:** Hello, Dr. Pierce. Have you talked to Myers yet?

**G_Tomazini_66:** He's been acting really weird lately so I was just hoping you could talk to him. 

**G_Tomazini_66:** Hello?

**G_Tomazini_66:** Dr. Pierce? 

@@ @@

**Addendum.9856.2:** The below is transcribed security footage from the incident in Bio Site-66's cafeteria, taken on 4/29/2023.

= **BEGIN LOG**

---

*[Interior footage of Bio Site-66's cafeteria, a large open room full of rows of tables. People queue in line for food at long counters, then walk to their tables to eat. The room is loud with chatter.]*

*[Giselle Tomazini walks from the line with a tray of food in her hands. She waves to someone before sitting at a table, alone. At this point, she reaches into her bag. She takes her headphones out, and puts them on. Pulling out her phone, she plugs the headphones in. After a few moments of scrolling, she frowns. She taps on her screen.]*

*[Tomazini's eyes widen. Her phone clatters onto the floor. She grabs her headphones, attempting to pull them off. She pulls, barely separating the headphones from her skin. Thin green shoots become visible.]*

*[Her arms spasm, and she collapses onto the ground, twitching. Bystanders shout, several rushing from their seats to circle around Tomazini. She thrashes uncontrollably, before going rigid. Tomazini gasps for breath. She chokes, lips starting to pale.]*

*[A bystander attempts to wrench the headphones off of her head, but is unable to due to the thick plant growth. Tomazini screams. Leaves are visible in the back of her throat, clogging her airway.]*

*[Internal pressure shatters her nose from the inside. Blood pours down her face and onto the floor, pooling around her rapidly.]* 

*[The skin above her sinuses begin to swell as more strawberry plants force their way deeper into her skull. Her nose stops bleeding, now staunched by roots rapidly growing into nearby blood vessels.]*

*[A green stalk rises from her left tear duct, then another, and another. The groaning of strained bone and cartilage becomes audible. Tomazini whimpers.]*

*[Tomazini's skull cracks open in several places. Grey matter, blood, and strawberry plants mix with chunks of bone and hair. SCP-9856 is audible, and plants continue to grow from her headphones, out of her skull, and into the floor. The bystanders around her step back. Blood soaks their shoes.]*

*[Site security arrives, and confirms time of death at 12:31 PM standard time.]*

 

---

= **END LOG**

@@ @@

| **Direct Message, 4/29/2023** |
| --- |
**K_Myers_66:** Dad I fucked up

**K_Myers_66:** I need your help

**K_Myers_66:** I was just trying to scare her I swear

**K_Myers_66:** I'm sorry

**J_Myers_A06:** Don't worry.

**J_Myers_A06:** I'll take care of this. 

@@ @@

**Addendum.9856.3:** After the incident on 4/29/2023, an investigation into Jr. Rsr. Tomazini's cause of death began. A recording of SCP-9856 was found on Jr. Researcher Tomazini's phone, sent to her via email on an unknown account. The email was later traced to Jr. Researcher Kyle Myers. 

Jr. Researcher Myers was apprehended by Site security and confessed to sending the file to Jr. Researcher Tomazini. A day later, he was transferred to Area-06 due to suspected cognitohazard exposure. SCP-9856 was also sent to Area-06 for further testing. 

It has been discovered that SCP-9856 has a secondary anomaly; a memetic compulsion agent that instills homicidal thoughts into the listener, compelling them to kill any others who had listened to the song. This manifested as sending Jr. Rsr. Tomazini the SCP-9856 file. 

Because of the change in circumstance, Jr. Researcher Myers has been cleared of all charges relating to Jr. Researcher Tomazini's death.

<< [SCP-9855](SCP-9855) | SCP-9856 | [SCP-9857](SCP-9857) >>
