=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9389

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The door leading to SCP-9389-A has been fitted with several locks to prevent unauthorized access. The rest of the building has been closed under the pretense of a mold infestation. All equipment should be inspected regularly to ensure functionality.

**Description:** SCP-9389 is "Donnelli's Pizzeria", a restaurant in downtown Superior, Arizona. In most respects, SCP-9389 is an unremarkable pizzeria with no unusual properties. A small metal placard affixed to SCP-9389's back door reads "SCP Foundation Department of Abnormalities"; this door opens to a small CCTV control room designated SCP-9389-A.

The monitors in SCP-9389-A show 85 distinct live video feeds of SCP-9389's interior, despite no corresponding cameras being installed in the restaurant. Many of the feeds originate from locations that would normally be unusual (e.g. the underside of tables) or impossible (e.g. the interiors of ovens). All equipment in SCP-9389-A runs on the defunct JOSIE operating system;An operating system used by the Foundation from ████ to ████. however, all standard override protocols have been disabled, preventing researchers from accessing most parts of the system, including the CCTV controls.

Whenever an individual in view of SCP-9389-A's cameras consumes pizza made in SCP-9389, a file 527-531kB in size with the '.sub' extension will be created in the system's "0000458b" folder, labeled with the subject's full legal name. The encryption on these files has not yet been broken.

SCP-9389-A takes a varying amount of time to produce .sub files, depending on the subject. This behavior is consistent enough to make some inferences as to their contents and means of creation -- namely, [REDACTED: 4/9389 CLEARANCE]. At time of recovery, the 0000458b folder contained 1,177 files, most corresponding to current or former residents of Superior.

A folder named "0000458a" contains thirteen additional .sub files, all having been created and most recently updated on ████-██-██. These files are simply labeled "1.sub", "2.sub", etc.

= << [SCP-9388](SCP-9388) | SCP-9389 | [SCP-9390](SCP-9390) >>

> **Filename:** thatsamore.jpg

> **Author:** Evelyn Simak

> **License:**  CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Geograph](https://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/6240252)
