=====

=====

@import url("https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-9715/DCI.css");

**SCP-9715:** Internal Affairs

**Author:** 

This article is 13.4K words and takes around 45 minutes to read.

⚠️This article contains content warnings. These warnings also contain spoilers.

Gun Violence, Psychological Abuse, Mental Health Issues

Audit: ECH.21.2024

User: AU-715

---

Greetings, Auditor. 

The Ethics Committee requests that you determine whether actions taken by members of the **Department of Criminal Investigations** contributed to the outcome of **Operation Janus**, and **the subsequent restructuring of the DCI.**

Relevant documents and events have been collected for your review.

Please submit your recommendations at least 10 working days prior to the **Misconduct Hearing**.

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9715 is suspected to be at the centre of an investigation being conducted by the Department of Criminal Investigations. Due to concerns cited by the DCI's lead Inspector, Ash Bennett, further information relating to SCP-9715 has been omitted from this section of the document to avoid prejudicing the auditor.

As a further precaution, information in this document has been provided in the same chronological order it became available to detectives, including the details regarding SCP-9715. 

**Description:** [OMITTED]

---

---

**Date:** 13/05/2024

**Time:** 08:30

**Staff Attending:** Director Zoey Taylor, Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan, General DCI staff

---

**<Begin Log>**

*Inspector Ash Bennett enters the DCI headquarters and approaches the reception area.*

**Receptionist:** Good morning Ash! How are you today?

**Insp. Bennett:** I'm... fine, thanks. Can you sign me in? I'm busy.

**Receptionist:** Of course!

*The receptionist begins writing on a form. Insp. Bennett walks through the check-in.*

**Receptionist:** Oh, don't forget that Rebecca wants to see you later. You missed your last two appointments and she's getting worried.

*Insp. Bennett sighs and grips the turnstile tightly.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I'll... let her know I'll be in soon, would you?

**Receptionist:** No worries!

**Insp. Bennett:** Cheers.

*Insp. Bennett exits the reception area and enters his office.*

*Insp. Bennett's office is poorly maintained. Case files are piled up on the floor, desk and shelves. The office is otherwise bare, featuring only a desk, a chair and a computer.*

= **30 minutes of footage irrelevant to the inquiry expunged.**

**Director Taylor [Distant]:** Everybody attend the incident room for a briefing, please!

**Insp. Bennett:** Of all the times...

*Insp. Bennett and several other officers file into the incident room and take their seats. Insp. Bennett sits in an empty row, towards the back of the room.*

**Director Taylor:** Thanks everybody. Routine duties for the week will be sent to your emails later today, but this briefing pertains to a recent incident that admin's made a matter of urgency. 

*Director Taylor brings up a report on shipment MK-515 on the screen behind her.*

**Director Taylor:** On the 12/05/2024, a shipment designated MK-515 was reported missing by an O4 administrator after failing to arrive at its intended destination on schedule. The crew haven't been in contact with Foundation officials since, and are believed to have gone missing.

**Sgt. Morgan:** What was in the shipment, ma'am?

**Director Taylor:** Biological samples and forensics, not worth much to anybody outside of the Foundation. No traces have been recovered, and so accidental causes have been ruled out. Our objectives are to locate the missing cargo, the crew, and identify any persons of interest who may be able to lead us to them. I'm assigning two team—

*Insp. Bennett raises his hand.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I can do it.

*Many individuals stare at Insp. Bennett with varying degrees of confusion.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I'm offering.

**Director Taylor:** Alright... Bennett, you can focus on identifying any persons of interest. The other team will support the investigation based on your orders.

*Multiple officers collectively groan and filter back out of the room. Insp. Bennett looks to the floor, rubbing his temple.*

**Director Taylor:** Take Rose with you, while you're at it. She's passed her Inspectors Exam and I'd appreciate you training her up a bit before I formally promote her.

**Insp. Bennett:** Wait, I thought we only had one inspector—

*Director Taylor exits the room, handing the case file to Insp. Bennett on her way out. Sergeant Rose Morgan walks over to Insp. Bennett.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Ay-up. You alright? Don't mind the others, they're prickish in the mornings.

[PAUSE]

**Insp. Bennett:** Right.

*Insp. Bennett exits the room. Sgt. Morgan stares at him, eyebrow raised.*

**<End Log>**

---

**Report - Missing Shipment**

**Date:** 12/05/2024

**Time:** 21:15

**Location:** Bridlington, East Riding of Yorkshire, UK

**Shipment Registration:** MK-515

---

**Report:** A shipment of biological and forensic materials was reported missing after failing to arrive on time to a DCI forensics laboratory, located in Nottingham, UK. 

The shipment vehicle turned onto the A614, an unmonitored country road between the East Riding of Yorkshire and Nottingham, where it was last sighted before being reported missing.

Marcus Kingsley was the last Foundation official to be in contact with the personnel, signing off on the shipment's departure.

Administrator Winters filed a report as a witness, accusing Mr. Kingsley of being involved, following a meeting between the two on the same date as the disappearance.

**Action:** Given the credibility of the witness, the DCI has submitted a request for voluntary interview to Marcus Kingsley. The standard time of 10 working days to accept the request has been allocated.

- Director Taylor

---

**Date:** 13/05/2024

**Time:** 12:45

**Staff:** Inspector Ash Bennett, Counsellor Rebecca Huntley

---

= **NOTICE FOR THE AUDITOR**

= **Certain records have been attached to your audit document that do not directly correlate with the investigation into MK-515, however, they are believed to be factors relevant to your inquiry.**

**<Begin Log>**

**Insp. Bennett:** Hello? Rebecca? Listen, I'm sorry that I'm late again... You know how it gets sometimes. Been up late a lot recently, I've been trying to get my diet right, this morning Zoey had an urgent meeting and I just— I'm sorry I'm late. 

[PAUSE]

**Insp. Bennett:** Rebecca? Everything alright? Oh, fuck— you hate excuses I know, but it's... I don't even know. Can we have a chat? Please?

**R. Huntley:** Ash, I can't just hand out appointments when it's convenient for you. You know we aim for one a week, and we do so for a reason. 

**Insp. Bennett:** I know, it's just since I got promoted, it's harder to keep the rhythm.

**R. Huntley:** That's understandable, Ash, it really is but I can't see you I'm afraid. 

**Insp. Bennett:** For the love of... Alright, okay, that's alright. Just sign me off work then? 

**R. Huntley:** Why?

[PAUSE]

**R. Huntley:** Are you, or is somebody else, in danger?

*Insp. Bennett is silent for several seconds.*

**Insp. Bennett:** No.

**R. Huntley:** Then I can't sign you off. That's between you and Zoey.

**Insp. Bennett:** I can't ask her.

**R. Huntley:** She's your boss, just talk to her. There's no medical reason to relieve you from your duties, so whatever's going on is up to you and her to work out.

*The line is silent briefly. R. Huntley sighs softly.*

**R. Huntley:** I'm very sorry, Ash. You missed your appointment for the fifth time today... and the guidelines say that I have to dismiss you from my care.

**Insp. Bennett:** What? You're dismissing me because work kept me busy? How's that fair?

**R. Huntley:** The department wanted you off of counselling after the third time... and you weren't busy every time.

[PAUSE]

**Insp. Bennett:** Please.

**R. Huntley:** I have to follow the rules, Ash. Same as you. If things are that bad, you should talk to Zoey. Or perhaps Nathan, if you're more comfor—

*Insp. Bennett ends the call.*

**<End Log>**

---

**DCI Investigations Log - #1**

**Date:** 14/05/2024

**Time:** 10:00

**Staff Attending:** Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan

---

**Report:** CCTV footage recovered from the office of Marcus Kingsley was reviewed by DCI personnel. Findings suggest that Kingsley rerouted MK-515 using his office terminal the same day the shipment was reported missing. No footage showing Kingsley leaving the facility has been recovered from the Foundation database, despite Kingsley later being located outside of the site.

Financial and cell phone triangulation data from the same interval suggest that Kingsley was at home.

**Perspectives:** Inspector Bennett and Sergeant Morgan disagreed over Kingsley's involvement regarding shipment MK-515. Bennett suggested they arrest Kingsley and charge him with the evidence discovered thus far, while Morgan objected and instead pushed to interview Kingsley under anti-corruption powers.

Both Bennett and Morgan agreed on that course of action.

**Action:** Marcus Kingsley has been issued a Regulation 17 notice, requiring his attendance at Site-112 for an involuntary interview. His duties have been temporarily passed on to Administrator Nathan Winters.

---

**Date:** 29/05/2024

**Time:** 09:15

**Staff Attending:** Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan

**Suspects:** Marcus Kingsley

**Foundation Representative:** Arthur Baines

---

= **NOTICE**

= **Certain sections of this transcript have been expunged for brevity as they do not pertain to the inquiry.**

= **Interview Room 4-B**

**<Begin Log>**

**Insp. Bennett:** To start, I do have to inform you that you're under caution, Marcus. Following our department's inquiry, you are believed to be a suspect, and thus are now subject to the powers of an involuntary investigation. This investigation pertains to an incident that occurred on the 12/05/2024, in which a shipment distributed from a Foundation forensics lab under your supervision was rerouted and later reported missing.

*Insp. Bennett displays item reference MK-515 on the interview room screen.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Do you recognize this shipment?

**M. Kingsley:** Yeah... Signed it a week prior, didn't think anything of it. 

**Insp. Bennett:** Is the route displayed the route you signed off on?

**M. Kingsley:** No.

**Insp. Bennett:** Were you informed of a route change?

**M. Kingsley:** Again, no.

*Insp. Bennett observes M. Kingsley for a few seconds. He glances to Sgt. Morgan and narrows his eyes.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Sergeant Morgan.

**Sgt. Morgan:** For the tape, I'm showing Mr. Kingsley CCTV images 1 through 5, taken on the 12/05/2024. Images 1 through 5 show a man resembling Marcus Kingsley entering his office space at 18:32. The shipping route was updated on the Foundation database at 18:43 on the same date.

**Insp. Bennett:** What were you doing then, Marcus? 

*M. Kingsley leans forward, turning his head up to look at the screen on the wall.*

**M. Kingsley:** Are you lot playing a game or something? That's not me!

**Sgt. Morgan:** If not you, then who is it, Marcus?

**M. Kingsley:** I... I don't know, must be some tech glitch or— or a fake, or something! That is not me in that photo!

**Insp. Bennett:** Really? It looks like you.

**M. Kingsley:** But it isn't! You can't just—

*M. Kingsley exhales loudly whilst holding his glass of water tightly. He slouches forward.*

**M. Kingsley:** Look, check my phone, or the access records or something. That can't be me.

*Insp. Bennett sighs. His hand reaches towards a file inside of his case folder. He hesitates to show it.*

*Sgt. Morgan lightly kicks Insp. Bennett's leg under the table. Insp. Bennett then reveals the file.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Under our authority, we have examined your phone records, including your call history and tracking data. These records indicate a phone call made to a local food takeaway at 17:54, and place your mobile phone at your home address. Both of these were noted as happening on the same date you were spotted in your office by CCTV.

**M. Kingsley:** Right, yeah, exactly! I was at home with the Mrs. The kids were at her sister's place, so, y'know, we were gonna have a night to ourselves. I got signed off on sick leave earlier in the day and figured I'd make use of it.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Bank statements also support Mr. Kingsley's alibi.

*Insp. Bennett glares at Sgt. Morgan briefly, then leans back into his chair.*

**Insp. Bennett:** What was wrong with you then?

**M. Kingsley:** Sorry?

**Insp. Bennett:** What was wrong with you? Being sick, what with?

**M. Kingsley:** I... I came down with some kind of bug. Food poisoning maybe. Y'know the Mrs is still learning to cook bless her, and—

**Insp. Bennett:** Kept you off of work for two weeks, did it? You couldn't even pick up the phone?

*M. Kingsley takes a short sip of his water, avoiding eye contact with Bennett.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I mean, come on mate. At what point do you learn not to trust her cooking? 

**A. Baines:** Inspector your tone is oppressive.

*Insp. Bennett and A. Baines stare at each other for a few seconds.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Marcus, do you have any evidence that you were ill? Doctors' letters, hospital admissions? Even just colleagues supporting your claim?

**M. Kingsley:** Nathan! I mean, uh, Mr. Winters. We had a meeting earlier in the day, where I complained of illness on my way out. He let me clock out early, told me to get well soon...

**Insp. Bennett:** Don't bother. Says he got food poisoning, for two weeks mind, but the same day he comes down with it, he's ordering takeout. 

[PAUSE]

**M. Kingsley:** I— Well, If you've already got it, no need to fear it, right?

*Both Insp. Bennett and Sgt. Morgan stare at M. Kingsley for a couple of seconds.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Right... Well, concerning as that sounded, I don't believe you. The statement given by Mr. Winters mentioned a meeting with you, oddly enough he hadn't mentioned signing you off. He reported you as being the one most likely to have caused any issue, and in my opinion, Marcus, he'd have been right. You're on camera. I believe you have failed to satisfy our questions, and you have blatantly lied to us in relation to this inquiry while being under caution.

**A. Baines:** Mr. Kingsley strenuously denies the allegations. I'll remind you again about your tone, Inspector.

*Insp. Bennett begins packing up his belongings.*

**M. Kingsley:** Wait, where ya going? Are we done here or what?

[PAUSE]

**Insp. Bennett:** You'll be placed under arrest pending further inquiries. Depending on the evidence we obtain in the time we have to hold you, you may be charged or released.

**M. Kingsley:** What? I haven't done anything, I swear! I'll tell you, your lot always goes around like this! Actin' like you've got standards!

*M. Kingsley rests his head in his hands, pulling on his hair. He then points at Insp. Bennett.*

**M. Kingsley:** Especially you.

*Insp. Bennett's expression softens.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Which is why I didn't charge you... Interview terminated at 10:33 AM. Mr. Kingsley is to be remanded in custody, inquiries will continue at a later date.

*Insp. Bennett exits the room. Sgt. Morgan watches for a few seconds, then rushes out after him.*

= **Recording Continued. 4-B Corridor**

**Sgt. Morgan:** What was that about? 

*Insp. Bennett continues to walk away from Sgt. Morgan.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Where are you going now?

*Insp. Bennett continues to walk away. Sgt. Morgan steps in front of his path, blocking him.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Ash.

**Insp. Bennett:** What's your problem?

**Sgt. Morgan:** Mine? What the hell was yours? You were ready to lock him up as soon as you saw the CCTV!

**Insp. Bennett:** No shit.

**Sgt. Morgan:** The phone and bank statements cast doubt on him being there, not to mention his illness—

**Insp. Bennett:** A phone works for anybody, and so does a credit card. If he was actually sick, he wouldn't want to eat from a takeout, would he? Would you? Best case scenario, he's skiving off of work *and* he fucked over the shipment. Oh, and don't let me shock you, but he's on camera.

**Sgt. Morgan:** And that's all there is to it? Can't you pull your head out your arse for one minute?

*Insp. Bennett pushes past Sgt. Morgan and enters the elevator. He does not hold the elevator for her.*

*Sgt. Morgan folds her arms and watches the elevator go down, her expression pensive.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** He must've floated up the ladder...

**<End Log>**

---

**Audit Note:**

Following the interview, Inspector Bennett received a formal complaint from Arthur Baines on behalf of Mr. Kingsley. This complaint was raised to an administrative level, and Director Taylor raised the concern with Administrator Winters.

---

**Date:** 29/05/2024

**Time:** 17:00

**Staff Attending:** O4 Administrator Nathan Winters, Director Zoey Taylor

---

= **Site-44 - Administrative Suite**

**<Begin Log>**

**Director Taylor:** Thank you for seeing me on short notice, sir. I know we're all scattered as of late.

**Admin. Winters:** It's no issue, really.

*Winters sits at his desk and gestures for Director Taylor to sit down.*

**Director Taylor:** That's alright, sir. I wouldn't want to keep you. I'll get right on with it, if I may.

*Winters nods and leans forward, resting on his elbows.*

**Director Taylor:** We've made an arrest in relation to the missing shipment, MK-515, and a suspect has been remanded in custody while my officers conduct further investigations.

**Admin. Winters:** Why haven't they been charged yet?

**Director Taylor:** We've got time to gather more evidence before we bring the case to the Ethics Committee. With 48 hours to spare I don't see why we shouldn't try and tighten up the case a bit, sir.

**Admin. Winters:** Then what exactly is the issue? By the sounds of it, all is well.

*Taylor pauses and straightens out her posture.*

**Director Taylor:** My inspector has raised concerns to me that there are doubts regarding Marcus Kingsley's guilt, and in confidence, sir, I have some concerns regarding him.

*Director Taylor places a folder onto the desk. She opens the folder, revealing an excerpt of the transcript between Inspector Bennett and Marcus Kingsley.*

**Director Taylor:** I would appreciate a discussion regarding a replacement, sir. I understand that you appointed him personally, but that doesn't mitigate his actions, and I would hope the same could be said regarding his consequences.

[PAUSE]

**Director Taylor:** He spent a worrying amount of time chewing out Mr. Kingsley, rather than investigating. Then he had a go at Sergeant Morgan.

**Admin. Winters:** Personnel of your rank can often appreciate the importance of varied perspectives. If you have doubts about his conduct, cite them to me in writing and we can discuss them during a less critical time.

*Winters leans forward, arms resting on his desk.*

**Admin. Winters:** I assure you that from my personal experience with Bennett, he can handle the investigation. 

**Director Taylor:** I appreciate the procedure, sir, but these critical times don't appear to be doing any good for him. I've already got Morgan lined up for the job, if you'd just give me the formal approval—

**Admin. Winters:** Marcus Kingsley held an important position, Zoey. It's a position I've had to take on myself while he's remanded.

*Winters stands and walks over to the door, holding it open and ushering Taylor out.*

**Admin. Winters:** If he causes further issues then I will see to it myself. For now, though, let him continue investigating so that we can bring this investigation to a close and resume normality as soon as possible.

**Director Taylor:** ... Alright. Thank you, sir.

**<End Log>**

---

**Date:** 30/05/2024

**Time:** 09:30

**Staff Attending:** Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan

---

= **NOTICE**

= Certain sections of the following transcript have been expunged for brevity.

**<Begin Log>**

**Insp. Bennett:** Sorry to bother you, ma'am, but we've got some questions about your husband.

*Mrs. Kingsley latches the door lock and begins to talk through the letterbox.*

**Mrs. Kingsley:** Who are you?

**Sgt. Morgan:** Oh, apologies ma'am.

*Morgan displays her ID badge.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** We're police officers, investigating an incident at your husband's place of work. Is it alright if we come in?

*A few seconds pass. Mrs. Kingsley opens the door fully. Morgan and Bennett enter. Mrs. Kingsley leads them into the living room.*

**Mrs. Kingsley:** Please come in... Is Marcus alright? Have you found him yet?

**Insp. Bennett:** Found him? What do you mean by that?

**Mrs. Kingsley:** He's missing! Isn't that what you're here to talk about? That you found him?

**Insp. Bennett:** When did your husband go missing?

**Mrs. Kingsley:** The uhm... It was... the fifteenth! The fifteenth of May. He said he was going to see the doctor, then didn't turn up again. I thought he had some sort of emergency so I rang the police, and they came 'round a day later and said they'd be looking for him.

*Mrs. Kingsley sits down on a sofa. Her voice cracks partway through her explanation.*

**Insp. Bennett:** A uniformed officer?

**Mrs. Kingsley:** No, no he was... he was dressed like you two. Plainclothes, and with a badge.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Did you get a name from this man?

**Mrs. Kingsley:** No. He only flashed his badge for a second, didn't mention his name either.

*Bennett and Morgan exchange glances. Morgan leans forward slightly towards Mrs. Kingsley.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Your husband is currently in custody, and we're—

**Insp. Bennett:** Holding him until he recovers from his illness. We can't interview him because of that illness, so if it's alright, we'd like to speak with you instead.

*Mrs. Kingsley looks up at Bennett, mouth agape.*

**Mrs. Kingsley:** God is he— where is he? Can I see him? What's wrong with him?

**Insp. Bennett:** He's fine, medically. Just don't fancy getting sick ourselves.

**Mrs. Kingsley:** Right... yeah, course. Thank God...

**Insp. Bennett:** Great. Where was Marcus on the 12/05/2024?

**Mrs. Kingsley:** He was at home with me... That was the day he started feeling ill. Boss let him off after some meeting or something.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Did he say what that meeting was about?

**Mrs. Kingsley:** No. He's always been quiet about his job, doesn't like to bring his work stress into the house.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Does he ever take any late calls? Have you noticed any odd shifts in his routine lately?

**Mrs. Kingsley:** Uhm... Sorry my mind's all over the place. He's usually pretty on top of things, I suppose. Every now and then he'll be at work at odd hours or say he has to nip out for something, but those are months apart. Never thought much of them.

**Insp. Bennett:** Would you mind giving us the dates of those incidents? If you can remember them.

**Mrs. Kingsley:** Of course.

*Morgan notes down all dates provided by Mrs. Kingsley.*

= **Interview Continued**

**Sgt. Morgan:** Thank you for all your help, ma'am. I'm very sorry about the distress you must've gone through with all this.

**Mrs. Kingsley:** It's alright... Thank you for letting me know he's alright.

**Insp. Bennett:** I'll see if we can arrange a phone call with him for you. We aren't allowed to let you visit, but a call is an option, if you're interested.

*Mrs Kingsley smiles and provides her mobile phone number. Bennett smiles back, then leaves with Morgan.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** You feeling feverish now?

**Insp. Bennett:** Don't start.

**Sgt. Morgan:** I'm just joking. It was kind of you.

*Bennett doesn't acknowledge her statement. Morgan rolls her eyes and sighs*

**Sgt. Morgan:** We can pretend, at least.

**<End Log>**

---

**Phone Call Recording - Rose Morgan**

**Date:** 30/05/2024

**Time:** 13:45

**Summary:** A summary of a phone call between Sergeant Rose Morgan and RAISA Liaison Samantha Buck has been attached to this document.

Morgan contacted the RAISA department from her personal device, requesting access to the unredacted personnel records of Inspector Ash Bennett. Notably, Morgan requested a physical copy instead of digital access.

Buck approved the request, and a copy of Bennett's personnel records were confidentially sent to Site-112, addressed to Morgan.

The estimated time of arrival is two weeks.

---

**Report - Logistics Personnel Records**

**Date:** 01/06/2024

**Time:** 14:20

---

**Report:** I've taken the dates provided by Mrs. Kingsley, and cross-referenced them with Marcus' work records. 

Three shipments have been identified as being managed by Marcus on the attributed dates:

* A shipment of firearms, seized from a thus far unidentified Group of Interest. Status: Destroyed

* A shipment of forensic control samples, taken from senior members of Foundation personnel. Status: In storage at a DCI forensics laboratory in Nottingham, UK.

* Shipment MK-515.

**Action:** As a precaution, I've ordered surveillance on the forensics lab until we can charge somebody.

- Ash

---

**Report - Forensics Laboratory Raid**

**Date:** 03/06/2024

**Time:** 23:15

---

A total of 8 DNA control samples have been stolen from a DCI forensics laboratory, located in Nottingham, UK. 

Samples are routinely taken from Foundation personnel to be used as biometrics in high-security facilities, medical diagnostics, investigative purposes or to eliminate contamination at forensic scenes.

Suspects presented themselves as Foundation officials, tasked with transporting the samples to another facility for security purposes. No authority was able to confirm the legitimacy of the transfer, as Marcus Kingsley was still remanded in custody at the time, and Administrator Winters wasn't available.

Laboratory personnel were covertly ordered to comply with the suspects by Inspector Bennett, to avoid raising suspicion or risking confrontation.

Inspector Bennett and Sergeant Morgan ordered a forensic deployment to the site, and conducted interviews with witnesses.

= **Evidence Recovered:**

**Item Ref. AB-01** - CCTV Footage of the incident.

**Item Ref. AB-02** - Security access records.

**Item Ref. AB-03** - Suspect fingerprints.

**Item Ref. RM-01** - Witness statements.

**Item Ref. RM-02** - Confidential staff records regarding the stolen samples.

= **Forensic Summary:**

"Four sets of notable fingerprints have been recovered from the scene and have been analysed. Findings indicate that three out of four sets have been tampered with anomalously, as they have changed multiple times during analysis and identified several individuals. Only one set of fingerprints yielded a consistent match within the Foundation's employee database, identified as Michael Banks.

Although inadmissible in evidence due to our lack of understanding, I've compiled a list of matches that are relevant to the DCI, per Inspector Bennett's request. They are as follows:

* Marcus Kingsley 

* Ash Bennett

* Zoey Taylor

* Nathan Winters

The anomalous samples have been sent to the Antimemetics Division for further analysis."

- Senior Researcher Dr. Julien Reed, DCI Forensics Division

---

**Report - Video Identification Parade**

**Date:** 05/06/2024

**Time:** 14:30

---

**Report:** Following the events that took place at the forensics lab, a total of four suspects were identified from the CCTV footage. 

I attended the home of Marcus Kingsley with these images, where Mrs. Kingsley conducted an identification parade. Mrs. Kingsley was shown front and side views of all four suspects. Mrs. Kingsley was shown each suspect twice, and was not asked any leading questions until after the parade was complete.

She confirmed that Michael Banks, a Foundation security officer, was the man who visited her in regards to her husband's disappearance.

- Rose

---

**DCI Mission Report - #1**

**Date:** 07/06/2024

**Time:** 11:45

**Staff Attending:** Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan, Officers Jodie Halloway, Derrick Mathews, Isaac Graves

**Suspects:** Michael Banks

---

= **Risk Assessment**

= Suspect is considered dangerous, but is not believed to have access to weapons or other dangerous items. No environmental hazards are anticipated. The operation is planned to take place at Banks' private property, and thus there is no immediate threat to the public.

= Firearms are not required for this operation.

---

**Report:** On 07/06/2024, an operation to arrest Michael Banks at his home address was conducted by DCI officers.

The operation began at 07:30, and an arrest was made at 08:43.

Sergeant Rose Morgan led the arrest, while Inspector Ash Bennett stayed behind the cordon.

The operation resulted in no casualties, and was uneventful.

The following evidence has been recovered from Banks' residence:

**Item Ref. RM-03** - A forensic evidence container, identified as stolen following the forensics lab incident.

**Item Ref. RM-04** - A Foundation ID card belonging to Michael Banks.

**Item Ref. RM-05** - A laptop fitted with software commonly used for covert communications by the Foundation, shadow organizations and Groups of Interest.

---

**Date:** 07/06/2024

**Time:** 19:30

**Staff Attending:** Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan, Off-duty DCI Personnel

---

**<Begin Log>**

*The interior of 'The Crow & Anchor' pub is loud, filled with the overlapping chatter of off-duty Foundation personnel and local civilians. DCI officers filter through the entrance in groups, making their way over to the pool tables and booths, each group sending one or two individuals to the bar for drinks.*

**Background Chatter:** First round's on the gaffer, right?

*Inspector Bennett lingers near the entrance, hands shoved deep into his pockets.* 

**Insp. Bennett:** No idea why I even came to this... right shithole in here too.

*Bennett approaches the bar, standing at the farthest end from the main group. He occasionally glances over at them.* 

*Sergeant Morgan glances over at him from the centre of her group. She excuses herself and steps up beside him, leaning an elbow against the polished wood of the bar top.* 

**Sgt. Morgan:** What'll you be having, then? 

[PAUSE]

**Sgt. Morgan:** We'll get you a Fruit Shoot.

*Bennett smiles briefly before stifling himself.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Just a rum and coke, please. A light one.

*Morgan laughs, then turns to the bartender.* 

**Bartender:** What can I get for ya?

**Sgt. Morgan:** A single-shot white rum and coke, with a pint of lager, please mate.

*Bennett walks off to a booth in the corner of the pub and takes a seat. Morgan brings their drinks over a minute later and sits down opposite him.* 

**Background Chatter:** ...Told him the paperwork wasn't even filed, and he just fucks off home for the day...

**Sgt. Morgan:** So, Inspector. You actually exist outside the office. Who knew? 

*Bennett sips his drink and shrugs.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** I was having doubts, thinking you were some kind of office scarecrow. What do you get up to outside of work? Any family? A Mrs. Bennett waiting at home to suffer your cooking? 

*Bennett swirls his glass softly, causing the ice cubes to clink in a rhythmic double-tap pattern.* 

**Insp. Bennett:** No, it's just me. My family aren't local. 

**Sgt. Morgan:** Ah. That explains the state of you, then. 

*Morgan smirks. Bennett tilts his head slightly, but doesn't seem to mind the joke.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I've got an aesthetic, but whichever view suits you.

*Morgan's expression softens slightly. She takes a sip of her drink.* 

**Sgt. Morgan:** You don't come out much, do you?

**Insp. Bennett:** Haven't really come to a bar in a few years...

**Sgt. Morgan:** Fuck me, I can tell. You look lost with that.

*Morgan points at Bennett's drink.*

*The two sit in silence for a moment.* 

**Background Chatter:** ...Eight ball, corner pocket, watch this...

**Sgt. Morgan:** Why'd you do it?

**Insp. Bennett:** Do what?

**Sgt. Morgan:** Your job. Becoming an inspector. Don't let me overstep, but it seems you've always got one person breathing down your neck and another blowing smoke up your arse. Why do you still clock into work?

*Bennett continues to swirl his glass softly, maintaining the same percussive rhythm with his ice.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Trying to do things right, I guess, however I can.

*Morgan narrows her eyes slightly, glancing away from Bennett towards the documents in her bag.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Well, you're not a complete dickhead, Ash. If I may be so blunt. 

**Insp. Bennett:** Thank you. You can be the second kindest person I know now.

**[Five hours pass. The crowd begins to thin out. Bennett and Morgan stand, grabbing their jackets.]**

**Sgt. Morgan:** Fancy a takeaway on the walk back? 

**Insp. Bennett:** Only if you're paying. I'm skint after the prices in here... 

**<End Log>**

---

**Audit Notice:**

Inspector Bennett's financial status was examined in retrospect of his comment at the end of the previous log. Records have indicated a significant financial burden from the dates of 20/11/2022 to 13/06/2024, comprised primarily by veterinary expenses. Most of the transactions relating to these expenses were later identified as diagnostics, with only the final payment being attributed to treatment.

---

**Date:** 08/06/2024

**Time:** 10:15

**Staff Attending:** Director Zoey Taylor, Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan

**Suspects:** Michael Banks

---

= **Interview Room 4-B**

**<Begin Log>**

**Director Taylor:** I am cautioning you, Michael Banks, that you do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence. 

*Banks' posture is rigid while staring Taylor down. He does not acknowledge the caution.* 

**Director Taylor:** Michael, this interview relates to your involvement with an incident, which took place at a DCI forensics lab last week. Do you know what I'm referring to?

*Banks remains silent. He continues to stare, diverting his gaze to Bennett, seeming to inspect his features. Banks doesn't hold his stare for long after.*

**Director Taylor:** What were you doing at the lab, Michael?

[PAUSE]

*Taylor glances at Morgan and nods. Morgan slides a folder across the table, opening it to reveal the ID parade photographs and Mrs. Kingsley's witness statement.* 

**Sgt. Morgan:** A witness, who will be referred to as "Witness-A", identified you as one of four suspects who were present at the forensics lab on the day in question. DNA samples were stolen by you and your accomplices, for reasons currently unknown.

**Director Taylor:** Would you be so kind as to tell us what they're for, Michael? Because try as we might, we haven't found any official records of a transfer happening on that day, with those samples.

**M. Banks:** Admin couldn't find their way out of a one-way door. Them losing documents or whatever ain't my problem.

**Insp. Bennett:** It's going to be, if you keep dancing around it.

**M. Banks:** Eh, you can piss off, mate. You ought to write this off as a bad job.

*Bennett glares at Banks, then takes a drink of water.*

**Director Taylor:** Moving on, then. Sergeant, bookmark the time for later, failure to comply.

*Morgan nods and presses a button on the recording software.*

**Director Taylor:** Do you know anybody the surname "Kingsley", Michael?

**M. Banks:** No.

**Insp. Bennett:** Are you sure?

[PAUSE]

**Insp. Bennett:** Right. For the recording, I'm showing Mr. Banks item reference RM-04. RM-04 is the Foundation ID card issued to Michael Banks. RM-04 was identified by a civilian, following a visit where Michael is believed to have impersonated a police officer.

**Director Taylor:** To repeat myself yet again, what were you doing?

*Banks flinches, his eyes snapping down to the ID card.* 

**M. Banks:** I didn't do that. I have no idea who Marcus Kingsley is, or his wife. 

**Sgt. Morgan:** Ballsy lie, she knew exactly who you were. 

**M. Banks:** I'm telling you, I wasn't there! I don't do house calls—

**Insp. Bennett:** Then what do you do?

[PAUSE]

**M. Banks:** Look. The only job I was given was the lab. I don't know who you take me for or what you're up to, but I'm just a guy.

**Director Taylor:** Tasked by who, Michael? Give us a name. 

**M. Banks:** I don't know a name. 

**Director Taylor:** You don't know a name? We recovered a laptop from your property, item reference RM-05, fitted with encrypted communication software. Is this how you've been receiving these orders? 

**M. Banks:** The laptop— Christ, some of us just enjoy our privacy, y'know?

*All three detectives stare at Banks in varying states of discomfort.*

**M. Banks:** ... Sometimes it's through the laptop. We only met in person for me to receive the laptop, or whatever tools I need.

**Insp. Bennett:** And who are 'they'? 

**Director Taylor:** And what 'tools'?

**M. Banks:** No chance.

*Bennett's jaw clenches, giving Banks a dirty look. He then glances to Morgan.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Michael, listen to me. Whatever group this is, they aren't waiting outside to give you a lift. If you tell us who they are, we can protect you. 

**Insp. Bennett:** If you give us a reason to. 

**Sgt. Morgan:** You don't have to live in fear of these people, Michael.

*Banks crosses his arms and glances at Bennett again. He averts his stare to the wall afterwards.* 

**M. Banks:** I plead the fifth.

**Insp. Bennett:** Not over here you don't.

**Director Taylor:** What about the fingerprints at the lab, Michael? We found prints that shifted identities, most likely through anomalous means. If you give us something to work with, I can talk to the Ethics Committee in your favour.

**M. Banks:** I don't know anything.

**Insp. Bennett:** Not impossible for you to skip the cells, mate. The Committee don't often rule in favour of traitors.

*Banks pales slightly, and leans forward in his chair, turning to look at Taylor.* 

**Insp. Bennett:** Especially when investigators find no reason to try keeping you.

**M. Banks:** Get him off of the case or— investigation or whatever you want to call it— and I will talk.

*Taylor and Morgan exchange confused glances.*

**Director Taylor:** What do you mean by that? 

**Sgt. Morgan:** He's 10-stone wringing wet, Michael, you're telling me he can rattle you?

**M. Banks:** Just... get him gone. And keep him gone.

*Bennett frowns and prepares to speak again, but Taylor gestures for him to leave. Bennett hesitates but exits the room, giving a sceptical expression to Banks on his way out.* 

**M. Banks:** Thank fuck... 

**Director Taylor:** Why do you want him off of our investigation?

**M. Banks:** His lot... His types, is all. A set of conniving bastards... just don't want him tampering with my verdict.

[PAUSE]

**M. Banks:** Look, they don't give me details. But sometimes, we're given jewellery. Or things to wear for the jobs. They never told me how they work. Just... trust the process and bring it back when you're done. That's how I got into the lab. 

**Director Taylor:** To be clear, you were provided with an anomalous item for the lab, which you used to impersonate another's fingerprints?

*Banks opens his mouth to speak, hesitates, then sighs with a nod.*

**Director Taylor:** Interview paused at 10:42. Rose, wrap this up and then search the main directory for any items that resemble that description.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Ma'am.

*Taylor exits into the corridor, finding Bennett pacing.* 

**Director Taylor:** Do you want to tell me what that was about?

**Insp. Bennett:** I was just pressuring him, ma'am! He must just be taking the piss for the sake of it.

*Both Taylor and Bennett look at each other with confused expressions. Taylor folds her arms.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I'm sorry. For pushing him, I guess. I'll do better.

**Director Taylor:** See to it you do.

**<End Log>**

---

**RAISA File**

**Date:** 11/06/2024

**Time:** 18:00

---

= **NOTICE FOR THE AUDITOR**

= **The following excerpt is the section from Inspector Bennett's file most relevant to your inquiry. Everything else has been expunged.**

Operation Janus was a police operation conducted by the East Midlands constabulary on the 15/07/2022. Investigations spearheaded by the lead investigator, Acting-Sergeant Ash Bennett, resulted in a rushed deployment to arrest a key suspect and prevent the destruction of evidence.

This rushed deployment left the attending officers unaware of the situation until they arrived, as no risk assessment had been completed by Acting-Sergeant Bennett. In the subsequent conflict, officers were forced to open fire. The suspect was shot and killed.

Acting-Sergeant Bennett's official statement cast doubt on whether or not lethal force was necessary, alleging that his senior officer, Superintendent Martin Harrison, gave an unlawful order, and that under the pressure of the situation he hadn't realized this until after the fact. 

Subsequent investigations found that Superintendent Harrison was hospitalized at the time of the operation, and couldn't have given the order Bennett alluded to. Acting-Sergeant Bennett was quietly dismissed from the service, and a Foundation recruiter reached out soon after.

= **Excerpt complete.**

---

Sergeant Morgan initially seemed as if she intended to inform Director Taylor about the information she acquired, as it was not previously available to members of the DCI or their local database.

At this point in the timeline, however, Sergeant Morgan had not informed anybody of the information acquired from RAISA.

---

**Date:** 13/06/2024

**Time:** 19:30

**Staff Attending:** O4 Administrator Nathan Winters, Inspector Ash Bennett

---

= **NOTICE**

= Certain sections of the following transcript have been expunged for brevity, as they do not pertain to the inquiry.

= **Site-44 - Firing Range**

**<Begin Log>**

*Admin. Winters stands behind one of the firing line partitions, firing at one of the paper targets in a tightly controlled double-tap pattern. Each set strikes the target until the magazine has been emptied. Insp. Bennett approaches, his hands shoved deep into his pockets, head tilted downwards.* 

**Admin. Winters:** Glad you could make it. 

*Winters sets a pair of ear defenders on the bench and turns to face Bennett, smiling warmly as he unloads the firearm.* 

**Admin. Winters:** Finally gotten around to renewing your license?

**Insp. Bennett:** Uh, no, not yet.

**Admin. Winters:** In due time, I suppose.

*Winters places the firearm onto the table beside him and steps towards Bennett.*

**Admin. Winters:** How is your investigation progressing? Are the pieces lining up as usual?

**Insp. Bennett:** I've run out of leads, and I can't extend his custody any more.

**Admin. Winters:** If you've hit a roadblock it might be time to allow things to run their course. The Ethics Committee will make do with what you've gathered, don't feel any shame by making them work for it, Ash.

[PAUSE]

**Insp. Bennett:** I don't think I'm going to charge Marcus.

*Winters frowns slightly, leaning back against the bench.* 

**Admin. Winters:** Why?

**Insp. Bennett:** I just… don't think he's guilty. Or, I'm not sure he is, anyway.

**Admin. Winters:** You've passed the threshold. Passed it quite some time ago, I believe.

**Insp. Bennett:** And most of it is circumstantial. With those weird prints at the lab, Michael's story about his work with a Group of Interest, and the fact there's some kind of anomaly involved…

*Winters and Bennett stare at each other for a few seconds.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I'll arrange for him to be released, and we'll escort him back to his site just to be safe. Do you think we should get some armed support as well?

**Admin. Winters:** Armed support? For a simple suspect transfer? 

*Winters chuckles softly, shaking his head.* 

**Admin. Winters:** Let's not get ahead of ourselves. It's Marcus Kingsley, not an O5. We don't need to turn a routine transfer into a tactical operation. 

**Insp. Bennett:** Are you sure? The investigation isn't exactly settled, and I'm not sure it's safe for us to—

*Winters pauses. He stares at Bennett for a moment, before turning to a table behind him and picking up a Glock 17 handgun. He checks the magazine and chamber, then angles the muzzle to the floor while gesturing for Bennett to step into a partition.* 

**Admin. Winters:** You're familiar with this one, yes? Step into the booth. 

*Bennett hesitates, staring intensely at the weapon.* 

**Insp. Bennett:** Sir, I don't— 

**Admin. Winters:** Step in. 

*Bennett slowly steps into the firing line. Winters steps in behind him, holding the handgun out.* 

**Admin. Winters:** You are the Inspector for the DCI now, Ash. If you truly think it's necessary, then you are the one who needs to make that decision. You decide if your team carries weapons. You decide the risks you take. 

*Winters presses the gun into Bennett's hands. Bennett's grip is notably trembling.* 

**Admin. Winters:** You can't rely on me to tell you everything is a good or bad decision, especially when you second-guess them so much. Take a stance. 

*Winters physically guides Bennett's arms upwards, adjusting his posture and correcting his grip on the weapon. Bennett is rigid, breathing shallowly.* 

**Admin. Winters:** Sight alignment. Trigger discipline, come on.

*Bennett stares down the sights at the paper target. Ten seconds pass in complete silence, apart from the distant shots of other partitions. Bennett's finger hovers outside the trigger guard.*

*Winters waits, watching him struggle.*

**Admin. Winters:** I hope you don't take this long when somebody's shooting back.

[PAUSE]

**Admin. Winters:** Bad joke, I apologize. 

[PAUSE]

**Admin. Winters:** There's only one bullet loaded. You only get one shot for reviews these days.

*Bennett fires his weapon. The bullet misses by nearly six feet, hitting the concrete wall behind it. The slide racks back and locks into place.*

**Admin. Winters:** Not even on the target, that's a shame.

**Insp. Bennett:** I'm sorry...

*Winters slowly takes the firearm from Bennett's grip, removes the magazine and places it on the table beside them.*

**Admin. Winters:** If you see it fit, then I'll authorize your team to be armed.

**Insp. Bennett:** No!

[PAUSE]

**Insp. Bennett:** I mean, no, sir. Waste of time.

*Winters retrieves his jacket from a nearby locker and puts it on, smiling at Bennett.*

**Admin. Winters:** Perhaps we should go elsewhere to continue this discussion?

**Insp. Bennett:** Of course...

*Winters and Bennett begin heading towards the exit.*

**Admin. Winters:** There's a lovely Italian restaurant nearby.

*Bennett reaches into his jacket pocket, retrieving his wallet.*

**Admin. Winters:** No need.

**Insp. Bennett:** Oh... Thank you.

**<End Log>**

---

**DCI Investigations Log - #3**

**Date:** 14/06/2024

**Time:** 09:15

**Staff:** Director Zoey Taylor, Sergeant Rose Morgan

---

= **Joint Review**

= **An Investigation Into "Operation Janus"**

**Objective Findings:**

After obtaining an unredacted version of RAISA's records surrounding the operation, links with a Group of Interest have been discovered. One of the primary contributing factors to the difficulties officers faced during their investigation was a consistent pattern of evidence tampering, leading to dead ends. Comparing the patterns from Operation Janus to our present day investigation into MK-515, we believe the same GoI to be involved in our inquiry.

With two suspects in our present investigation claiming to not be involved in crimes that our evidence shows them to have been involved in, and the fingerprints from the lab, we suspect Operation Janus faced similar difficulties. Individuals being impersonated through anomalous means, facilitating interference from parties outside of the Foundation.

These details, including the anomalous elements of Operation Janus, and the suspicious circumstances surrounding Inspector Bennett's records and employment were not previously known to me or this department.

Getting information regarding any of these matters has proven difficult. No information is stored locally on the DCI's servers, and RAISA forces the red tape for every individual document we attempt to pull from their database. I'll consult Administrator Winters on the matter, and try to get blanket access.

- Director Zoey Taylor

**Investigator's Notes:**

The information we've discovered has recontextualized various aspects of the investigation, which from my perspective primarily relates to Inspector Bennett.

It isn't clear what the purpose of his hiring was from these revelations, however, it raises the possibility that he may be complicit with a GoI, or a victim of one. From my observations working with him, he's consistently displayed signs of volatility surrounding his work, and with our discoveries I feel compelled to label them as symptoms. 

Despite this, his actions have progressed the investigation at key points, and releasing Marcus Kingsley from our custody further suggests the latter of my theories.

- Sergeant Rose Morgan

---

= **NOTICE FOR THE AUDITOR** 

= Sergeant Morgan has been informally given the authority of Inspector by Director Taylor, pending the formal promotion process.

= Using this authority, Morgan signed-out a firearm from the armoury, citing her close working relationship with Inspector Bennett to be a concern for the safety of herself and others. This was not known on official documentation until after the fact.

---

**Date:** 17/06/2024

**Time:** 21:00

**Staff Attending:** Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan, Marcus Kingsley (Remanded Suspect), Transport personnel

---

= **This transcript has been spliced together after the fact, due to difficulties with direct recording at the time of the incident.**

**<Begin Log>**

*Three unmarked Foundation vehicles depart Site-112, two escorting a transport van. Sergeant Morgan is in the lead vehicle, Inspector Bennett is in the rear of the transport van with Marcus Kingsley.* 

*Bennett unclips his radio and turns it off, placing it on the bench beside him.* 

**Insp. Bennett:** This is completely off the books, Marcus. Whatever you say in this van stays in this van. I can't use it against you in a hearing. 

**M. Kingsley:** Why the hell should I help you? You're the bent bastard who's been trying to lock me up for weeks! 

**Insp. Bennett:** By the books, you should've been charged ages ago. I was well over the threshold. I've saved your career from going to shit so you'll do me a favour.

*Kingsley looks down at his handcuffed wrists.* 

**Insp. Bennett:** We found some anomalous fingerprints at one of our forensics labs. They keep switching between different people, and now another suspect has admitted to impersonating others using that anomaly.

*Bennett pulls his phone from his pocket and opens his photo library, displaying the CCTV images of Marcus previously held on record.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Is this you?

**M. Kingsley:** No! For God's sake, no, I've been telling you that!

**Insp. Bennett:** Then who is it? Who do you work for?

**M. Kingsley:** You shouldn't be—

[PAUSE]

**M. Kingsley:** It doesn't bode well to speak about those things.

**Insp. Bennett:** Do not drag me around the fucking bend again.

*Kingsley flinches and hesitates to provide an answer.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I can hold your freedom over your head. If I've got to tell your wife you won't be coming home, so be it mate.

**M. Kingsley:** You aren't any different to what you was before... I was pressured by my gaffer, told to just do what he says or I won't have anything to go home to anymore.

*Kingsley's voice cracks slightly. He rubs his hands over his head and exhales heavily.*

**M. Kingsley:** You'd make a right pair, bastards...

**Insp. Bennett:** Why didn't you come to the DCI?

*Kingsley lets out a dry laugh. Tears pool in his eyes.* 

**M. Kingsley:** When are you going to drop the game for fuck's sake? If nobody's watching, why are you fronting like you're a copper?

*Kingsley stares at Bennett for a few moments before leaning back, eyes opening wide.*

**M. Kingsley:** You don't even know do you?

**Insp. Bennett:** Know what, Marcus? Give me a name. Who pressured you? 

*Kingsley shakes his head violently.* 

**M. Kingsley:** I can't...

**Insp. Bennett:** What were you doing for them, then?

**M. Kingsley:** My department... We manage the logistics, the transports, the convoys— We pick up the anomalies before they ever get a number.

[PAUSE]

**M. Kingsley:** Years ago he told me to send one to some remote site. Told me it was a developing, in progress type of place so it wasn't on our system yet. Some mask or... I don't even remember, and it's the honest truth. We never got that crew back.

**Insp. Bennett:** A mask?

*Bennett pauses for a few seconds, staring down at his hands before looking back up to Kingsley.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I need a name, Marcus. If you want any of these people to get justice, you need to give me a name. What's his na—

*Two distinct pops are heard outside of the van. The van violently swerves, flipping onto its side into an embankment.* 

*Inside, Bennett and Kingsley are thrown. Bennett collides with the opposite side and lands on his shoulders, while Kingsley falls from his seat to the bottom. The tyres of multiple other vehicles screech, before gunfire begins to penetrate the transport van.* 

**Insp. Bennett:** Shit— down! Stay down! 

*Bennett forces Kingsley to the floor of the van, crawling beside him and pushing Kingsley's head and upper body down with his arms. Bullets continue to fire a few feet over their heads.* 

**Sgt. Morgan:** Control, require urgent armed backup! Repeat, urgent armed backup! 

*Screaming can be heard from the driver's cabin. It is silenced following a gunshot and glass shattering. The rear doors of the van begin to rattle as an unknown tries opening them.* 

**Unknown:** Open the door!

**Unknown:** Get that fucking door open!

*Bennett reaches for each of his hips with one hand, panicking and hyperventilating.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Shit, where is it?

*The locks on the van's rear doors are blown off with shotgun rounds, and forced open.*

*Kingsley is shot numerous times in the head, torso and neck. Bennett reaches for his hip again, facing the gunmen.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Armed police! Drop your wea—

*Countless gunshots fire from various sources. Multiple rounds are fired into the back of the van, from both friendly and hostile sources. The gunmen flee after one of them is hit in the arm with a shot fired by Sergeant Morgan.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Control, urgent message! Multiple Foundation casualties, repeat multiple—

**Transport Officer:** Christ... He's gone, just leave him!

**Sgt. Morgan:** Ash? Inspector, urgent sit-rep!

**Transport Officer 2:** You get his legs— that's it drag him out!

*Bennett is dragged out from the rear of the van by multiple personnel. His status is unknown.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Oh shit shit, fuck...

**<End Log>**

= **Witness statements centred around the remainder of this incident were too incoherent to provide an accurate reconstruction of events. Sergeant Morgan in particular failed to recount the immediate aftermath of the incident.**

---

**Date:** 17/06/2024

**Time:** 23:35

**Staff Attending:** Director Zoey Taylor, Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan

---

**<Begin Log>**

*Sergeant Morgan is sat at Bennett's bedside. Two armed officers are posted outside of the room.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Is Marcus alive?

*Morgan's expression becomes sombre.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** He was killed at the scene. The team is still trying to make sense of what happened.

*Inspector Bennett begins to hyperventilate and clutch his chest.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Woah, settle down...

**Insp. Bennett:** Marcus he... No, he couldn't die he wasn't supposed to die that's not how it—

**Sgt. Morgan:** Uh, hang on a minute, yeah?

*Morgan calls on a nurse for assistance. Bennett is administered a sedative.*

= **Recording Continued - 20 Minutes Later.**

**Sgt. Morgan:** I know it's difficult with all you've been through, but I do have to ask you some questions. Is that going to be alright?

[PAUSE]

**Sgt. Morgan:** I can come back later, if you need time.

**Insp. Bennett:** No... go for it.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Do you know anything about what happened with the convoy?

**Insp. Bennett:** No. I don't remember any of it.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Why did the shooters leave you alive? 

*Bennett is silent for a few moments, glancing to Morgan.*

**Insp. Bennett:** You shot back... I'm lucky.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Alright... Cheers for your cooperation.

= **5 minutes of the transcript have been cut as they do not pertain to the inquiry.**

**Insp. Bennett:** Why did you have the gun?

[PAUSE]

**Insp. Bennett:** Rose?

**Sgt. Morgan:** I checked your RAISA file. 

[PAUSE]

**Sgt. Morgan:** First I hid it, then spent a while stewing over it... Eventually brought it to Zoey, and that's why I had the gun to begin with. 

*Bennett tenses up.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** None of us knew the contents. Everything was buried under RAISA.

*Morgan and Bennett sit in awkward silence for a few seconds.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Were you doing anything for my job? Or anything for me?

*Morgan stares for a few seconds, then frowns.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Right.

**Sgt. Morgan:** I'm sorry, if what I've done hurt you at all. I guess I was doing both.

[PAUSE]

**Sgt. Morgan:** Something to fight over later, I suppose.

**Insp. Bennett:** Yeah.

*Morgan stands up and collects her bag and coat.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Give me a shout when you're discharged.

**<End Log>**

---

Inspector Bennett underwent a mental health assessment conducted by a hospital psychologist soon after Sergeant Morgan's visit. Findings indicated the onset of Acute Stress Disorder.

Bennett has been scheduled for review with a Foundation Occupational Health advisor to determine whether or not his condition impacts his ability to perform his duties.

---

**Date:** 18/06/2024

**Time:** 01:30

**Staff Attending:** Administrator Nathan Winters, Inspector Ash Bennett

---

**<Begin Log>**

*Admin Winters enters the room, knocking the door beside him a few times to get Insp. Bennett's attention.*

*Insp. Bennett jolts. There is a slight tremor in his right hand.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Sir? What are you doing here?

**Admin Winters:** My apologies, Ash. You must be exhausted after all that's happened, but I need to get your perspective on a few details and I'm afraid it can't wait.

*Admin Winters approaches Bennett's bedside and sits down.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Rose and Director Taylor were just in here doing the same, why didn't they ask for you?

**Admin Winters:** We've all got our niches. You for one always see things differently than the other investigators, noticing what others ignore.

[PAUSE]

**Admin Winters:** It won't take long. 

**Insp. Bennett:** Right, of course...

**Admin Winters:** What did you speak to Kingsley about? In the van, to be specific.

**Insp. Bennett:** I... What do you already know? Don't want to waste your time, sir. Everything's still hazy.

**Admin Winters:** Only deduction. Did you sit in silence the whole drive, or did you speak to Kingsley?

**Insp. Bennett:** I spoke with him. I wanted to try one last time to get something out of him.

**Admin Winters:** What did he give you?

[PAUSE]

**Insp. Bennett:** Nothing notable. Just kept talking in circles about being innocent.

**Admin Winters:** Anything you say in your condition wouldn't be worth the time of the courts, but it is worth mine, Ash. Please, try one more time; what did he say to you?

*Admin Winters and Insp. Bennett stare at each other for a few moments.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I don't remember anything important. Sir.

**Admin Winters:** That's alright. You've been helpful. Lots of good work bringing this case closer to an end.

*Admin Winters stands from his seat.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Do you know anything about... who did it?

**Admin Winters:** Who did what?

**Insp. Bennett:** The ambush.

**Admin Winters:** It's being investigated by your team, the same as everything else. It is my highest priority, however.

**Insp. Bennett:** Nathan, that wasn't put together by a couple of foot soldiers. Nobody should've even known about the transport—

*Insp. Bennett pauses midway through his sentence, staring at the wall opposite him. The shaking worsens.*

**Admin Winters:** Don't get ahead of yourself, Ash. Stranger things have happened in our work, there's no reason to rush to a conclusion like that. You don't want to be looking over your shoulder when you return to your duties.

*Admin Winters pushes Insp. Bennett back against his bed softly. He then heads for the exit.*

**Admin Winters:** I assure you, we've got everything under control now. Rest well.

**<End Log>**

---

**Period of Absence**

**Date:** 18/06/2024

**Staff Attending:** Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan

---

**Report:** For a period of three days, Inspector Bennett was absent from work while recovering from his injuries. Sergeant Morgan attended Bennett's home once to ask some follow up questions regarding the convoy incident.

After the three-day period, Bennett forfeited his remaining prescribed painkillers, citing that he wished to return to work. 

Following a review with a Foundation Occupational Health advisor, this was authorized.

---

**Date:** 21/06/2024

**Time:** 08:45

**Staff Attending:** Director Zoey Taylor, Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan

---

**<Begin Log>**

*Bennett puts his personal phone down on the table and slides it towards Morgan and Taylor. The screen displays an audio player.*

**Director Taylor:** What's this?

**Sgt. Morgan:** You sing in your spare time or something?

**Insp. Bennett:** I interviewed... interrogated Marcus.

*Neither Morgan nor Taylor seem to believe him initially. A few moments pass by.*

**Director Taylor:** During the transport?

**Insp. Bennett:** Yes.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Are you taking the piss? Do you know how that looks on us all?

**Insp. Bennett:** Look—

**Director Taylor:** No, listen. 

[PAUSE]

**Director Taylor:** This will not be the end of the matter, Ash. However, with all that's happened I won't have you wandering around freely or locked away either.

*Taylor gestures to the phone on the table.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** I hope this was worth it.

[The team listen to the recording.]

**Director Taylor:** It's confirmed, then. Somebody's utilizing an anomaly to pull our strings.

**Insp. Bennett:** It's the best explanation we've got, ma'am.

*Taylor logs into her SCiPNet account and displays an email to Morgan and Bennett. The email is from Dr. Julien Reed, detailing a finding from the Antimemetics Division. Said finding highlights a recovered set of prints from the anomalous samples previously taken at the forensics lab scene.*

*The set matches a "Superintendent Martin Harrison", formally identified as Inspector Bennett's commanding officer during Operation Janus.*

**Director Taylor:** I don't mean to cause distress.

**Insp. Bennett:** It's... I don't know how to describe it.

*Taylor gives a sympathetic look to Bennett. Morgan retrieves a box of documents, evidence and transcripts from the investigation and drops it on the table.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** We should look at everything. All together.

*The team begin picking apart the evidence laid out on the table.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Marcus talked about a mask in the van. Maybe it's related to the shifty prints from the lab.

**Director Taylor:** Antimemetics said the prints were anomalous in origin. And we know that your old CO wasn't physically present at the lab, they must be fakes.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Fakes for what? 

*Bennett takes a shaky sip of coffee.*

**Insp. Bennett:** They're frauds...

*Morgan and Taylor look towards Bennett and wait for him to continue.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Martin was in hospital during Operation Janus, but I didn't lie about him giving the orders. If his prints were found at the forensics lab, and those prints aren't his originals, somebody impersonated him.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Who would waste an anomaly to impersonate a normal copper?

**Director Taylor:** The same person tampering with our investigation.

*Taylor places various documents in a row on the table.*

**Director Taylor:** Marcus Kingsley, he's caught on camera for something that he's adamantly denied from the start. Then, while we investigated during his custody window, one of our labs gets raided and we're forced to take that on while Marcus' custody window closes, forcing his release.

**Sgt. Morgan:** The ballistics report on the firearm one of the ambushers dropped during the convoy was traced back to a shipment of firearms we thought was destroyed. A shipment that Marcus was supposed to be managing.

*All three individuals present stare at the evidence presented on the desk, in increasing  states of stress.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Only me, Rose and Nathan knew about the convoy...

**Sgt. Morgan:** With Marcus in custody, he was the one in charge of the shipments.

**Director Taylor:** The weapons used during the ambush.

**Sgt. Morgan:** The prints at the lab...

**Director Taylor:** RAISA's data—

**Insp. Bennett:** And the order from Janus...

*Bennet, Morgan and Taylor all sit in silence for several seconds, staring at the remaining threads of evidence on the table.*

**Director Taylor:** I'm going to have to take this to the Ethics Committee...

*Taylor picks up a phone from her desk and nods at Morgan and Bennett.*

**Director Taylor:** Thank you both. Don't leave the building and await further orders while I sort this out. Off you go.

*Morgan and Bennett both stand and exit the room.*

= **Transcript continued. Inspector Ash Bennett's Office**

**Sgt. Morgan:** Are you alright?

*Bennett is hunched over in his chair, breathing heavily into his hands which he has cupped over his face. He is staring at the sidearm partially concealed under Morgan's jacket.*

*Morgan frowns and buttons up her jacket, concealing the firearm.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** It wasn't your mistake that caused that. Not sure me saying that helps, but it's what I believe.

*Bennett continues to panic. The attack begins to settle after 30 minutes in total.*

**Insp. Bennett:** I know.

**<End Log>**

---

---

**Incident Log - Pre Planned Arrest**

**Date:** 27/06/2024

**Time:** 05:00

**Staff Attending:** Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan, MTF Omega-1 "Law's Left Hand"

**Report:** Following authorization from the Ethics Committee, DCI personnel accompanied by MTF Omega-1 arrested O4 Administrator Nathan Winters on suspicion of treason.

The arrest didn't result in any casualties. 

As per the expanded powers granted by the Ethics Committee, a site-wide search was commenced, resulting in the following evidence being recovered.

---

**Evidence Recovered:** 

**Item Ref. AB-04:** SCP-9715 - The anomaly believed to have been used to facilitate corruption within the Foundation. It has been sent to the Antimemetics Division for analysis.

**Item Ref. AB-05:** A Glock 17 Generation 5 handgun - Traced to the same shipment as the firearms used in the convoy incident. It was recovered later on, using information obtained from Item Ref. AB-07. A significant quantity of other firearms were partly destroyed at the scene.

**Item Ref. AB-06:** Stolen DNA samples - Matching the samples taken from the forensics lab.

**Item Ref. AB-07:** A personal laptop, similar to the one recovered from the residence of Michael Banks. Examination has revealed communications between the user of the device and a Group of Interest, designated GoI-524. Communications indicate a longstanding relationship between the user of the device and GoI-524, with multiple references to internal Foundation operations spanning years. References to "Operation Janus" have also been discovered, and are being investigated by an independent unit.

---

**Date:** 27/06/2024

**Time:** 09:00

**Staff Attending:** Director Zoey Taylor, Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan

**Suspects:** Nathan Winters

---

= **Interview Room 4-B**

**<Begin Log>**

*Winters is escorted into the interview room by two Omega-1 operatives, and seated opposite to the detectives. Omega-1 stands guard beside the entrance.*

**Director Taylor:** I am cautioning you, Nathan Winters, that you do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence.

*Winters sits up straight in his chair. He looks at the three detectives with a mild expression.*

**N. Winters:** I understand.

**Director Taylor:** Due to the circumstances, you have lost your right to be questioned by somebody at least one rank senior, and are no longer subject to the protections offered by your rank.

[PAUSE]

**Director Taylor:** During a site-wide search authorized by the Ethics Committee, our teams recovered several items of interest. Multiple of which were seized from your personal quarters.

*Sergeant Morgan slides an evidence folder across the table, opening it to a photograph of Item Reference AB-04, alongside a DNA and fingerprint analysis report.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** AB-04 is an anomaly, now officially designated as SCP-9715. Forensic analysis of SCP-9715 discovered fingerprints and DNA deposits matching a total of 33 individuals. The most abundant of these findings being your own, suggesting that you were the primary user of SCP-9715, with a probability greater than 99.9%.

*Winters reaches for the photograph and examines it briefly before placing it back down on the table.*

**Director Taylor:** How do you account for these findings?

**N. Winters:** No comment.

**Insp. Bennett:** Another of the 33 DNA samples detected on SCP-9715 belong to Marcus Kingsley. Further examination suggests that the anomaly was used to impersonate Kingsley on or around the 12/05/2024.

**Director Taylor:** Is that date familiar to you?

**N. Winters:** No? It doesn't ring a bell.

**Sgt. Morgan:** On the date in question, shipment MK-515 was reported missing, and an accusation was made against Mr. Kingsley by you, suggesting that he was involved with its disappearance.

*Winters looks between the detectives and clears his throat, but doesn't respond.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Later in the inquiry, a DCI forensics lab was infiltrated by corrupt agents, all complicit in the corruption engineered by you. This incident facilitated the theft of forensic samples related to multiple senior officials within the Foundation.

**Sgt. Morgan:** So far, we've been unable to identify a motive for this incident. Do you reckon you could enlighten us as to what these stolen samples were for?

**N. Winters:** I'm afraid that Inspector Bennett only informed me of this incident after the fact. The motives of those involved aren't something I can answer.

**Director Taylor:** Only senior Foundation staff and the employees routinely working at the lab have the access codes to the building, and more specifically the storage and evidence lockers. To which the only person in a position to facilitate an operation like this in Kingsley's absence, is yourself.

[PAUSE]

*Winters remains silent.*

**Director Taylor:** More interesting than that, however, is a DNA sample recovered at both the forensics lab, and directly from SCP-9715 itself. That being a match for Superintendent Martin Harrison, Ash's commanding officer from his time in a civilian police constabulary.

**Insp. Bennett:** And the officer responsible for the order to shoot a suspect, resulting in my dismissal from the service. All information previously unknown to the DCI, but known to you.

*Winters looks at Bennett for a few seconds, his expression softening.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Information that only you knew, because you were the one orchestrating this entire situation.

**N. Winters:** That isn't true—

**Director Taylor:** It was you who impersonated Harrison, during Operation Janus, to enable the murder of a key suspect in a civilian inquiry into what we now believe was a Group of Interest!

**Insp. Bennett:** You set me up as your scapegoat for the shooting.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Then you hired Ash under the table, intentionally isolating him and his past as best you could, so that you could abuse your position over him to foster corruption and instability in our department!

*Winters runs his hands over his face in a stressed manner.*

**N. Winters:** That isn't what happened, or what's happening...

**Director Taylor:** It didn’t stop at framing him. You didn't stop at abuse. Not at gaslighting, or the falsified impression of being his saviour. When Ash’s investigation got too close— when he realized Marcus was innocent and arranged for his release, you orchestrated an ambush that killed Marcus, and if not for the grace of God nearly killed Bennett!

*Morgan shows images of Item Reference AB-05.*

**Sgt. Morgan:** Item Reference AB-05. A Generation 5 Glock 17 recovered from your quarters. Ballistics have traced it back to a Foundation shipment that went missing months ago, officially designated as "destroyed". Forensics have concluded that it originates from the shipment of weapons, with a probability greater than 99.9%.

**Insp. Bennett:** You killed a man with no remorse as soon as he wasn't of use anymore, and you tried framing it up as his own fault!

[PAUSE]

**Insp. Bennett:** I'm only alive because Zoey and Rose had the foresight to operate outside of whatever it is you're conspiring in, and that you had tried to drag me into.

*Bennett grips the edge of the table and leans forward, becoming more aggressive towards Winters.*

**Insp. Bennett:** Do you understand what you've done? What you've been doing?

*One of the Omega-1 operatives standing guard takes a step forward, towards Bennett.*

**Director Taylor:** Ash.

*Bennett takes a sharp breath, before sitting back down. Taylor slides another document forward, Item Reference AB-07.*

**Director Taylor:** What we're witnessing here, Nathan, is a pattern. A pattern of deceit, tampering and manipulation going back years. A pattern supported by the communications we've uncovered from a laptop, found in your possession, with your DNA deposits on it.

**Sgt. Morgan:** The logs go back years. Before Operation Janus, or our investigation into MK-515...

[All individuals are silent for 10 seconds.]

**N. Winters:** Things were never supposed to get this far, and for the role that I've played in your pain, I am sorry.

*Winters clasps his hands together on the table, leaning towards the detectives while glancing over his shoulder at the guards.*

**N. Winters:** You and I... Despite what has happened, I do care about you. And I want to do what I can to make things right.

[PAUSE]

**N. Winters:** But if you expect anything more tangible from me, I need assurances.

**Director Taylor:** Of what?

**N. Winters:** Protection... Immunity.

**Insp. Bennett:** You can only get one. Fail to comply and you're ineligible for protection.

**Sgt. Morgan:** Admit guilt to... any of your offences, and you're ineligible for immunity.

[PAUSE]

**Director Taylor:** Thank you both.

*Bennett and Morgan both stand, then exit the room. They're escorted out by Omega-1.*

*Taylor stands up, collecting the files.*

**Director Taylor:** Interview terminated at 10:14 AM.

**<End Log>**

---

A type of Japanese samurai armor that covers the entire face. Pairing SCP-9715 with a DNA sample foreign to the individual wearing SCP-9715 allows for a near-perfect impersonation of the target. DNA samples may only be used once per target, before they expire and SCP-9715 becomes incapable of replicating the effect.

The origin of SCP-9715 is not definitively known, but thus far has been traced back to GoI-524 "Black King's Masquerade". Efforts to locate the origin point of SCP-9715, and to determine the existence of duplicate items similar in function or purpose to SCP-9715  are ongoing.

Samples believed to have been used for impersonation or activation of SCP-9715 are as follows:

Marcus Kingsley

Michael Banks

Martin Harrison

Fingerprints and sweat deposits on the interior and exterior of SCP-9715 suggest that Nathan Winters has been the consistent user of the item, with a probability greater than 99.9%.

]]

---

**Indictment - Nathan Winters**

**Date:** 02/07/2024

**Time:** 14:00

**Submitted by:** Director Zoey Taylor

---

**Report:** On 27/06/2024, O4 Administrator Nathan Winters was arrested on suspicion of treason. Investigations discovered a trail of evidence going back to 15/07/2022, involving the unauthorized use of an anomalous object, now designated SCP-9715, at the command of GoI-524 "Black King's Masquerade".

GoI-524 are believed to be responsible for the blackmail and coercion of Nathan Winters, the murder of Marcus Kingsley, the attempted murder of Inspector Ash Bennett, the theft of four Foundation shipments, and the creation of SCP-9715.

All relevant evidence has been transferred for review.

= **CHARGES**

* High Treason

* Unauthorized Use of an Anomalous Object

* Breach of Operational Security

* Conspiracy to Commit Murder

* Attempted Murder

* Murder

* Perverting the Course of Justice

* Framing / Fabrication of Evidence

* Witness Tampering & False Statements

* Destruction of Evidence

* Abuse of Authority / Obstruction of Justice

* Possession of Firearms

* Possession of Ammunition

---

**Ethics Committee Misconduct Hearing**

**Date:** 10/07/2024

**Time:** 10:00

**Staff Attending:** Ethics Committee Council, Director Zoey Taylor, Inspector Ash Bennett, Sergeant Rose Morgan

---

**Report:** From Inspector Ash Bennett's employment at the SCP Foundation to present day, a myriad of misconduct and professional concerns have been recorded, yet all have avoided intervention or punishment. The involvement of a corrupt O4 Administrator in these events has raised serious concerns regarding the integrity of Inspector Bennett, and the possibility of his compliance with treasonous parties throughout his career with the SCP Foundation.

An audit has been conducted to uncover the roots of the institutional rot that has plagued those under the command of Nathan Winters, and the findings in relation to Inspector Bennett are as follows.

= **Operation Janus**

A local police operation that was unknowingly involved with GoI-524, spearheaded by Inspector Bennett who was serving as squad leader during the operation. An order issued from a commanding officer led to the incorrect rules of engagement for the situation, resulting in a suspect shot dead.

It was later discovered, following his arrest, that Nathan Winters had used SCP-9715 to impersonate the commanding officer.

Inspector Bennett was brought before a hearing, subsequently found to be responsible for the death of a suspect, and dismissed from the service. It is unknown at this time whether or not the inner workings of the hearing had been tampered with.

Inspector Bennett was later recruited by Nathan Winters into the Department of Criminal Investigations, where he was allocated immunity from prosecution for his role in Operation Janus, and internal protection from Foundation procedure thereafter.

= **Attached Testimonies:** 

"While Inspector Bennett's patterned disregard for professionalism and his selective compliance with superiors is indefensible on paper, it is my belief that these deviations were instrumental in uncovering the corruption that had been cultivated by Administrator Nathan Winters. If my original order to remove Inspector Bennett from the investigation was upheld, it is entirely plausible that institutional corruption would remain undetected at present.

I do not condone many of the actions Inspector Bennett has taken during his employment, and I maintain serious concerns around his history and wellbeing. However, working with him has shifted my own professional perspective regarding rigid adherence to procedure, which does not always fit the reality we operate within, and has highlighted the potential of unconventional methods in the Department of Criminal Investigations.

I am formally requesting that he be demoted and submitted for retraining."

- Director Zoey Taylor.

"Inspector Bennett's actions throughout the investigation of MK-515 are not the result of professional incompetence, a misguided sense of justice or malicious intent; they are the result of institutional failures to address individuals. Failures to provide adequate support where it is needed, discipline where warranted, and oversight where necessitated. Inspector Bennett has been misled into trusting an administrator who actively engineered this compromise from the beginning. The systems in place failed to properly vet concerns surrounding Inspector Bennett at the start of his employment, they failed to provide the help that he needed, and they allowed for the actions of one corrupt individual to exploit those who served under him.

It is my recommendation, in the strongest possible terms that the Committee consider demotion and mandatory psychiatric support as opposed to termination. It is a disservice to a loyal investigator, this department and the Foundation in its entirety if we do not attempt to correct our own failures."

- Sergeant Rose Morgan.

**Final Verdict:** After careful deliberation, the following orders are to take effect.

* Inspector Ash Bennett is to be demoted to the rank baseline of Detective.

* Inspector Ash Bennett is to undergo psychological assessment, diagnosis and treatment for a minimum of six months before he may return to his duties.

* Inspector Ash Bennett's firearms licence is to be suspended.

* Sergeant Rose Morgan will be promoted to Inspector, for her role in these inquiries.

* Director Zoey Taylor is to temporarily assume the responsibilities of O4 Administrator, pending formal promotion.

---

**DCI Restructuring Notice**

**Date:** 14/08/2024

**Time:** 12:00

---

Following recent events surrounding the discovery of Nathan Winters' involvement with a criminal Group of Interest, and his subsequent arrest, I have been in consultation with O4 Command.

Frankly, our discussions weren't easy, having our highest ranking representative be corrupt nearly got the DCI shut down for good. As you all can gather from the title of this email, the DCI will be restructured, as part of an initiative to fight future corruption and allow for more tailored services. It is the hope of O4 Command that these specialized units won't allow their investigations to degrade in the same manner as ours did.

Although it does pain me on multiple levels to break the department down, I'm relieved for it to still be in service. As the DCI's new O4 Administrator, my directives are as follows:

* On behalf of the Ethics Committee, Inspector Ash Bennett is to be demoted to Detective. 

* Sergeant Rose Morgan is to be promoted to Inspector.

* All units will be attached with a firearms task force.

Officers will be posted to one of the following units within the coming months, dependent on their prior skillsets and backgrounds:

* Anti-Corruption

* Serious & Violent Crime

* Major Investigations

* Counter-Terrorism

* Covert Investigations Unit

I understand that things may be difficult for you all in the coming months, or that this change may be intimidating to some. We have a duty, however, and I trust all of you will uphold yours.

- O4 Administrator Zoey Taylor

]

<< [SCP-9714](SCP-9714) | SCP-9715 | [SCP-9716](SCP-9716) >>

---

=====

> **Filename:** Mask MET DT785.jpg

> **Author:** Myōchin Muneakira

> **License:** CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mask_MET_DT785.jpg

> **Filename:** DCI.css

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-9715/DCI.css

=====

/* HEADER */

:root {

  --dept: "Internal Affairs";

}

/* AUDITOR */

/*div.auditor-section{

}*/

div.auditor-content {

width: 95%;

max-width: 38rem !important;

margin: 2.5rem auto;

color: #C3C3C3;

background: #03396c;

padding: 2rem;

box-shadow: inset -4px -4px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.45), inset 4px 4px 35px rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.2);

border-radius: 8px;

box-sizing: border-box;

}

.auditor {

color: #C3C3C3;

background: #001600 !important;

padding: 2rem;

box-shadow: inset -4px -4px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.45), inset 4px 4px 35px rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.2);

border-radius: 8px;

box-sizing: border-box;

    padding: 0.5rem 2.5rem !important;

    margin: 0px !important;

}

.auditor-content hr {

    margin-inline: 0px;

    height: 1px;

}

.auditor-header {

    display: flex;

    justify-content: space-between;

    p {

        margin-block: 0px;

    }

}

.auditor-header-content {

    font-weight: bold;

}

.a12 {

font-weight: bold;

color: green;

}
