**Item #:** SCP-9972

**Object Class:** Hypothesized

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9972 is kept in a standard Anomalous Item locker in Site-25. Investigation into the disappearance of Researcher Jones is ongoing.

**Description:** SCP-9972 is a photograph of a sailboat at sea during a sunset. Prior to her disappearance, it was kept in the office of Researcher Jones.

Although no anomalous properties have yet been experimentally observed, it is hypothesized that SCP-9972 exerted an anomalous influence on Researcher Jones due to the number of delusions she held regarding it that could not be reconciled with the rest of her personality and belief system. These delusions included:

* That she had been to the location depicted in SCP-9972 as a child. Foundation records indicate that she was born in Nebraska and never left the state prior to her recruitment.

* That SCP-9972 depicts Heaven or a Heaven-like location beyond the material world. Researcher Jones was otherwise an atheist.

* That SCP-9972 was given to her by an older brother named Michael as a keepsake when he left their childhood home to attend university. No such person exists.

* That the boat depicted in SCP-9972 belonged to a family member of hers. No record of any individual in her family owning such a vessel exists.

* That, although she believed that it was sold when she was young, she retained a powerful spiritual connection to both the boat and the body of water it is photographed on. Researcher Jones otherwise regarded all claims that humans possess a soul or spirit with skepticism.

* That Michael is on the boat. No such person exists.

* That Michael has been on the boat continuously for a period of years. No such person exists.

* That Michael misses her and often attempts to communicate with her via spiritual transmission. No such person exists.

* That Michael is waiting for her to join him on the boat. No such person exists.

These delusions were known of for years prior to Researcher Jones's disappearance but were considered harmless. 

<< [SCP-9971](SCP-9971) | SCP-9972 | [SCP-9973](SCP-9973) >>
