=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9127

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9127 is to be stored in Site-36  Site-36 is located in West Bengal, India. in a box made up of thaumaturgically enhanced "Anti Indo-Tartarean steel". The box is to be padded with red velvet cushions. Only Level 4 personnel are allowed to access SCP-9127. Under no circumstances is any individual allowed to attempt playing SCP-9127. ~~SCP-9127-1 is allowed to access SCP-9127 only under controlled supervision of level 4 staff.~~ SCP-9127-1 is neutralized. 

SCP-9127-2 is currently kept alongside SCP-9127 at Site-36, with its face covered with a red linen cloth, to prevent any further "RUN". Further testing concluded that bathing SCP-9127-2 in mammalian blood, preferably goat blood, helps to stop the events of "BELIEVE". 

**Description:** SCP-9127 is a 75 cm long *bansuri* The bansuri is a traditional Indian bamboo flute, considered to be one of the oldest musical instruments in India. made out of a single long shaft of bamboo, featuring six holes for playing. The embouchure is made of ivory and has been tied with a thin thread to prevent cracking. SCP-9127 is adorned with jewels, which display no anomalous effects. Reports have shown that the flute demonstrates immense thaumaturgical abilities, only activating in the presence of a flutist who is learned in Indian classical music and *ragas.*  A raga is a melodic framework in Indian classical music that evokes specific emotions, moods or atmospheres. The thaumaturgical abilities aforementioned include the following phenomena:

* Upon playing a particular raga, the individual experiences an eccentric feeling. Testaments include feeling uplifted, a spotlight shining on them, and a hand caressing their cheeks. These statements vary from person to person.

* The individual hears the voices of gods from Hindu mythology, who identify themselves with their names. They speak in the flutist's native language. Every time, three gods appear, designated as the "Trimurti" "Trimurti" in Hindu mythology refers to *Vishnu*, *Shiva* and *Brahma*. Their appearance is random.

* The voices of the gods are discernible, and grant boons to the flutist. *Brahma* offers gifts of knowledge about the future, consisting of visions and cryptic but decipherable messages of future events that can endanger people. *Shiva* offers the flutist anomalous strength against any form of injustice, for a period of 8 hours. *Vishnu* offers the flutist spiritual knowledge and virtues of patience and wisdom.

**Discovery:** SCP-9127 was discovered in the possession of a 5'7 15-year-old male in West Bengal, India, referred to as SCP-9127-1. The adolescent witnessed an abnormal surge of fame as a 'prophet' in India. Individuals who have seen SCP-9127-1 playing SCP-9127 have started idolizing him as an 'incarnation of *Krishna*'. SCP-9127-1's fame had rapidly grown all over the country, predominantly in individuals deeply associated and interested in Hindu religion and its teachings. Foundation operatives arrived in West Bengal and approached SCP-9127-1 for interrogation. SCP-9127 was seized from SCP-9127-1, upon his permission.

**Addendum-1:** INTERVIEW

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9127-1

> 

> **Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Sai Abhyankar

> 

> **<Begin Log, [29th October, 20██]>**

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 sits calmly in its chair, idly twisting its hair and swinging its legs. Dr. Abhyankar walks up, as he instantly stops his motion, and straightens up.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Hello! It's a lovely day today, isn't it? 

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Good morning. My name is Sai Abhyankar, and it's a pleasure to meet you. Could I get your name?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** My name is Mihir Ray. Well, I was told that your organization has some questions for me. What are you looking for, exactly? 

> 

> *Dr. Abhyankar chuckles for a bit.*

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** I'm glad that you understand. So, Mihir, right? Let's start then. First question: Could you tell me, since when have you been learning classical music and playing the flute?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** It's been more than 10 years now. I've been learning classical music from my father from the age of 5. My first flute was made of maple wood, and it was a gift from my father on my 10th birthday. I've been playing the flute ever since. My father taught me.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** I see, was he a musician?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** He *was* a maestro.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Next question; when you play the flute, do you notice anything significantly different, something that shouldn't happen?

> 

> *SCP-9127-1's expressions turns serious.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** You aren't headed in the correct direction, doctor. It's not me that's anomalous, it's the flute.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Wait, how do you know what anomalies are? How are you certain something's wrong with your flute?

> 

> *Dr. Abhyankar's pen floats inches away from his notepad. He looks at SCP-9127-1's face and slowly tilts his head.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** I know everything about the Foundation, Sai. 

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 provides a detailed explanation of the anomalous SCP-9127's anomalous properties. Section omitted for brevity. Dr. Abhyankar listens to his explanation sincerely. Instances of recontainment in Site-36 are also discussed.*

>

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** I understand now. Thank you for explaining, Mihir. However, tell me one thing, how did you get this flute?

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 remains quiet for some time, his eyes downcast.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** My father gave this to me, just before he died. This has been in our family's heirloom for more than a century.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Despite being in your family's possession for so long, you are the only descendent receiving these blessings?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Yeah, I guess. I've heard stories from my father about how this flute saved my grandfather's life, and his marriage. But I have only believed it after his death, when this flute spoke to me. However, I can't say for certain that my predecessors didn't notice anything unnatural with this flute.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** I can sympathize with you, since I grew up without a father too. Though, I don't think you'd want it.

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 snickers.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** You're damn right about that. I don't need sympathy. That'll only make me sad, won't it? Besides, I still have my mom. It's my duty to take care of her.

> 

> *Dr. Abhyankar smiles and nods his head.*

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** What do you want to be when you grow up, kid?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** What do I wanna be when I grow up? That's a question I haven't really put much thought into. I've got good grades at school, and my teacher's say I'll make a good scientist. I don't wanna be a scientist though, it's just too much hassle. 

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** And why is that a struggle?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** You see, to be a scientist, you need to keep on studying for a long time. I can't do that, too much effort to put in. I'd much rather study once, give an exam, and then work a job. Much easier that way. I do respect doctors like you for whatever you do. But can I be honest? You're my favorite person in this site, currently.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** It's probably since you are a kid in an adult's world. I don't know, you're smart enough to understand what I'm implying, kid.

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 laughs at this comment.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Y'know, for being a researcher, you're pretty dumb. Of course, I get why people treat me differently here.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Hey! It's not nice to call your elders 'dumb'.

> 

> *Both individuals chuckle for some time, before returning to their questions.*

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Tell me something, Mihir. Do you have to play that flute?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Yep! I have to play it once every month. On a random day each month, I feel an extreme compulsion to play that flute which can't be suppressed. The last time I tried that, I ended up subconsciously on a random rooftop, staring at the ground from 19 stories.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Understood. That's it from our side for now. Thank you for cooperating with us during this interview. Do you have anything else to say?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Um, yeah. I could be of use to the Foundation, with my blessings. I'm tired of being put on a pedestal. I could provide you with visions, my enhanced strength, or *Vishnu's* wisdom. I think we'd make a great team! Think about it.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** I get it but... can you control your visions? Why do you want to help us, anyway?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** I mean it won't hurt to try. I'll just ask the gods to provide me visions and bestow upon me powers that I need, and not those unwanted at that moment. Eh, I know what this organization does, man. That's why I wanna help it. So, what do you say?

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** I'll see if I can help you in this regard. Meanwhile, would you mind if you visited this building monthly, in order to play the flute? Actually, we need it for-

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Research? I'm aware of that. I can see your notes from here. I don't mind that. 

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Great! Would you like to eat or drink anything? If you're not in a hurry of course. 

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Thank you for the offer, but my stomach can't really digest food on Thursdays. It's sort of a... metabolic disorder.

>

> 

> **<End Log, [ 29th October, 20██]>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** *SCP-9127-1 was only allowed to join the Foundation, provided he could utilize SCP-9127 according to his will.*

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9127-1

> 

> **Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Sai Abhyankar

> 

> **Foreword:** *SCP-9127-1 was called in for an interview, to check on his progress with controlling SCP-9127.*

> 

> **<Begin Log, [ 12th July, 20██]>**

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 is cleaning SCP-9127 with a linen cloth. He is whistling a bubbly tune. Dr. Abhyankar enters the room, and waves at SCP-9127-1. He smiles and waves back.*

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Hello, Mihir. Glad to see you again.

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Hi Sai! Same here, it's been a long time since we last talked. 

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** So, have there been any developments on communicating with the deities?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** It's mixed, if I'm being honest. I tried to play patriotic rhythms, and *Brahma* responded to me. While he talked to me about the visions, like he always does, I cross-questioned him. I asked if he could show me visions of "The Foundation". He showed me an armed guy grabbing coffee, in this site. I've played around 20 *ragas* till now, I believe.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** That isn't very helpful.

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** I know. The next month, I played soothing *ragas*, which piqued *Brahma*'s interest again. This time, I asked if he could show me anomalous visions of the Foundation. It was silent for a while, before I was shown nothing. Just a black screen.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** A black screen? What could that signify?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** I don't know about that, but I haven't been able to contact *Brahma* since then. Also, *Shiva* and *Vishnu* haven't talked to me after I do contact them. They just grant me their boons with a few words. Their voices also change time to time. There's no way that I can actually recognize them anymore, without their blessings. 

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** I see. Do their blessings get affected in any way? Their duration, effects, anything?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** No, that doesn't change. However, their attitude towards me has. The gods don't speak politely, at all. Their faces appear angry and full of disgust while talking to me. When they do.

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 picks up a glass of water from the table. He stares at the water and touches its surface, causing tiny ripples.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** I feel as if I had done something wrong by questioning the gods. I didn't mean to offend them. But I can't stop thinking of one thing. How can deities have an ego, if you politely question them about something? It's not like you are committing a crime. 

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 creates larger ripples with his hands. The water begins to overflow.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** If gods fear mortal questions, what makes them *gods*? 

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Maybe we aren't meant to question their decisions. People believe in, uh, a lot of stuff. Their faith is enough. The term 'god' doesn't belong to a single religion. It's something you put your faith in, like... a warm glass of milk? 

> 

> *The ripples in the cup stop forming. Both of them remain silent for a few seconds. SCP-9127-1 chuckles a bit, which makes Dr. Abhyankar snicker. Soon, the snickering and chuckling turns into laughter.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** What is that sense of humour, Sai? I'm not a kid anymore. I'm 15!

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** It made you laugh, didn't it? I agree that it's a bad joke though. 

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** It did, you're pretty funny. 

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Thank you!

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** That was sarcasm.

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Ouch.

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Hey, Sai? I trust you enough to ask this: What if we are worshipping the wrong god? What if they aren't 'good'?

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** I'd probably stop worshipping them. You can't really define 'good' and 'bad'. You just know what to do... I think. Okay, it's very vague, but this is my notion. I'm not much inclined towards religious talks. Nevertheless, do you want to eat something? This religious talk's gotten me hungry.

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 stares at Dr. Abhyankar, before casting his eyes down and smiling.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Thank you for the offer, but I'd have to decline. I just had my breakfast. 

> 

> **<End Log, [ 12th July, 20██]>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** *SCP-9127-1 left Site-36, and headed towards his home.*

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9127-1

> 

> **Interviewer:** Junior Researcher Aditya Khan

> 

> **Foreword:** *SCP-9127-1 arrived at Site-36, without prior notice and requested to converse with Foundation personnel.*

> 

> **<Begin Log, [ 8th September, 20██]>**

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 is sitting on the chair, playing with its tufts once again. It has dark circles under its eyes, and a shrunken face. This time, however, it has a dreaded look on its face. Dr. Khan enters the room.*

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** Good evening SCP-9127-1. Did you need something urgently?

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 looks puzzled towards the doctor.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Why do you refer to me as that SCP alias? My name is Mihir Ray. Where's Sai? He was interviewing me, wasn't he? He never called me that.

> 

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** He was, but his shift ended at 5'o clock. You can tell me whatever you want, and I'll relay that to him. 

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 ruminates before responding.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Alright, I am trusting you for this. Are you aware of my flute being in this site? Also, do you know my powers?

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** Yes, yes... I have been informed of that before sitting for this interview.

> 

> *Dr. Khan rubs his hands over his face, hair and neck.*

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** Tell me.

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Okay, listen to me carefully. That flute, it isn't normal. It doesn't just grant blessings to the flutist-

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** What do you mean? Elaborate.

> 

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Don't fucking interrupt me. That flute holds a secret to its usage. I initially thought that this was a gift from *Krishna* to humankind. That's not true. I've already told Sai that this is confirmed. It appears I was wrong. This is not a gift, but a malediction. Last month I visited, I played *Raag Bhairavi*. Once I was done, I heard a voice I didn't recognize, from behind. I turned to look at it, but... it wasn't a god. It was... an *asura*.

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 is trembling as it is speaking. Dr. Khan has a stern look on his face.*

> 

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Do you know about *asuras*?

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** No, I don't. Define '*asura*'.

> 

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** *Asuras* are antigods, or as some may say, demons in Indian mythology. They hate the gods but fear them too.

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** I understand. Continue.

> 

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** I saw an *asura* staring at me, his eyes full of disgust. I was terrified, and wanted to evade its gaze, but I couldn't. He was crying, that thing. That *asura* spoke to me in *Sanskrit.* I didn't understand what it said, but I only recognized 'शप्''Curse'. I've been seeing that same *asura* everywhere I go now. In crowds, in my house, behind my family, lurking in their shadows, everywhere. 

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** Are you sure it isn't your misconception? Have you considered reaching out to a psychiatrist?

> 

> *SCP-9127-1's face turns red.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** They are not hallucinations, doctor. I know what I saw. The events only got worse from that day. I heard several indecipherable whispers in my ear since that day. Also, my mother and I have been facing a lot of mishaps, which shouldn't normally happen. She has been hearing things and even... seeing that *entity.* I do not want her to get in harm's way.

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** Two questions. Have you ever played that specific *raga* before last month, and could you describe the demon?

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** Yes and no. I had played *Raag Bhairav* before on the same flute and was greeted by *Vishnu*. I can't describe it, but that *asura* always changed his appearance. He only grew more horrid as time passed, his visions ruining my sanity. But *asuras* aren't all evil. Some are benevolent, but this one... he is *evil*, at its core. 

> 

> *Dr. Khan sighs and shakes his head.*

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** Unfortunately, I don't think we can do much, here. Your testament lacks consistency. You clearly mentioned that demon being evil, yet proclaim that the others aren't? That's enough room for suspicion.

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** No, please. I beg you to trust me! I don't want my family getting hurt for anything I did. Let me talk to Sai, please!

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** Dr. Sai Abhyankar is off duty for now. You may continue this discussion tomorrow; it's getting quite late now. Your mother must be worried. You can take your leave now.

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** You can have anything! Whatever you want, I wouldn't mind. Just keep my family safe-

> 

> *SCP-9127-1 stares behind the doctor's chair. It stops speaking.*

> 

> **SCP-9127-1:** GETOUTGETOUTGETOUTGETOUTGETOUTGETOUTGETOUTGETOU-

> 

> 

> **<End Log, [ 8th September, 20██]>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** *SCP-9127-1 was shortly detained in Foundation cells after this altercation. He had been deemed mentally unstable to continue further conversation.*

SCP-9127-1 was found deceased on 9th September, 20██, at 3:43 P.M., in Foundation custody. The cell where SCP-9127-1 was held had been demolished inside. During a specific time period, cameras all around the Foundation were deactivated, leading to no footage being captured. His body was lying on the floor, dismembered. The cadaver was missing 60% of their blood. SCP-9127-1's body was buried at a local graveyard, and his family was informed of his death. Junior Researcher Khan faced strict disciplinary actions, due to an egregious conduct of interview. Senior Researcher Abhyankar received a reprimand for breaching the ruled conduct of an interview. He referred to SCP-9127-1 as 'Mihir Ray', instead of the designated alias. Also, Dr. Abhyankar diverged from the main objective continuously.

**ADDENDUM-2:** TESTING

A total of 84 tests were conducted, out of which most were accompanied with supporting instruments such as *sarangi*, *tabla* and *santoor*. Professional musicians catering to these specific instruments were called in to utilize SCP-9127. They didn't face severe effects and weren't harmed in any manner. However, test subjects who played SCP-9127 perished from four major causes: cardiac arrests, severe brain haemorrhages, multi-organ failure, and suicide.

**Addendum-3:** FABRICATED WORSHIP

Following the above experimentation, 20 tests were conducted. SCP-9127 would be used again by D-class personnel. All 20 tests concluded with the same results: D-class participants reported constant presence of the same entity. Their sanity was significantly reduced over the course of 2 months; until the point that they weren't able to engage in cognitive speech and thinking. Shortly after, all personnel were found deceased in their cells with missing limbs and severe exsanguination upwards of 60%. Their cells were in the same condition as was observed in SCP-9127-1's cell. 

After the deaths of 20 D-class individuals, a statue was found in one of the D-classes rooms. It was covered in blood and had strange inscriptions corresponding to Sanskrit letters. However, the letters didn't make any cognitive sense or form a proper word. The idol has been referred to as SCP-9127-2. 

SCP-9127-2 is a 120 cm tall, 108 cm wide statue of an unidentified Hindu deity, presumably an *asura*. It is 56 kg in weight, and is depicted as a 4-handed, chimera-like deity. According to Hindu mythology, SCP-9127-2 appears to be externally similar to *Narashimsha*. The fourth avatar of *Vishnu*, who incarnated to restore *dharma* by defeating the demon *Hiranyakashipu*. However, the face of the statue is significantly deformed and alters between a lion, bear and snake. The face appears to be different for every individual, but its deformity and poor workmanship is constant. Reports indicate that SCP-9127-2 is the same deity that SCP-9127-1 and participants in Addendum-2 encountered in their trance.

* Individuals who enter within a range of 10m of SCP-9127-2 feel an inexplicable urge to see the statue for themselves. Once they perform the pre-mentioned deed, they keep staring at SCP-9127-2's eyes for 4 minutes. During that time period, the individual cannot move. 

* At the end of the 4-minute mark, the individual runs with superhuman speed towards the box where SCP-9127 is stored and steals it. Once they do pick SCP-9127 up, they run towards the Ganges River, but they suffer from a seizure at exactly halfway distance. This event is termed "RUN". "RUN" is only activated in one person, i.e. if there's a group of people within SCP-9127-2's range, only one would experience the events. 

*  If within a period of 4 days, no person enters the 10m zone, SCP-9127-2 appears as hallucinations and in dreams of every individual situated in Site-36. This event is termed as "BELIEVE" and lasts for one month. After "BELIEVE" ends, another timer of 4 days is set, before the predicament recommences.

Junior Researcher Sai Abhyankar was the first documented individual affected with "RUN". The information given below has been obtained from Foundation security cameras and external cameras. 

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 21st January, 20██

**NOTE:** *Dr. Abhyankar enters the 10m zone unknowingly, alongside a team of scientists for experimentation.*

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**9:59 A.M.:** Dr. Abhyankar stares at the statue's face and is left transfixed. Other researchers can't seem to move him, despite repeated exertion. The trance lasts for 4 minutes. After that, Dr. Abhyankar storms off towards SCP-9127. 

**10:05 A.M.:** Dr. Abhyankar managed to successfully steal SCP-9127 and exit Site-36. He moves with a speed of 67 km/hr towards *Prinsep Ghat*. Prinsep Ghat is built along the Kolkata bank of the *Hoogly river*.

**10:46 A.M.:** Dr. Abhyankar falls to the ground abruptly at a moment of high acceleration and sustains major injuries. He begins to have a seizure and is captured by Foundation personnel.

---

[END LOG]

> **Interviewed:** Senior Researcher Sai Abhyankar

> 

> **Interviewer:** Junior Researcher Aditya Khan

> 

> **Foreword:** *Dr. Abhyankar is taken in Foundation custody after his postictal phase ends. Dr. Khan is brought in to question him about his abnormal behaviour and SCP-9127-2.*

> 

> **<Begin Log, [28th September, 20██]>**

> 

> *Dr. Khan enters the room with a notepad and pen. Dr. Abhyankar stares at his stride with fury. His clothes are all dirty, presumably due to the events of "RUN". Dr. Khan's face appears regretful.*

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** Good day, Abhyankar. I hope you do understand that whatever I did, I was wrong. I thought SCP-9127-1 was bluffing. I assumed he wanted the flute back, since it brought him power and respect. I know it was my fault, and I really hope you forgive me. Mihir's death *was* my fault.

> 

> *Dr. Abhyankar begins to laugh, with strain. He coughs and snickers, leaving Dr. Khan visibly perplexed.*

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** Don't you worry... Mihir Ray was never real.

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** What? What are you trying to imply, Abhyankar?

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** When we found SCP-9127-1's body, did we ever wonder why its body was rotten, despite it being discovered a few hours after its demise? The answer to that is simple. Mihir Ray was dead long ago we even knew about his existence. He was never real from day one. Just an illusion created by... that.

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** Who is '*that*'? What are you talking about? He was famous for being a prophet, an overseer of destiny. How could SCP-9127-1 be dead when we talked to him?

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** We never touched SCP-9127-1. He went to his cell without any forceful measures. We didn't question that. He immediately turned back to normal when he entered the cell, and we didn't ask him about his sudden behaviour, did we? We saw fucking maggots coming out of his body. That isn't normal, it only happens to people who have been dead for a long time. Did his family or friends panic when they didn't see him come home for a month? They didn't, because Mihir Ray died years ago. His body was dismembered and a lot of his blood was missing. His own father cremated his body. We conversed with a corpse. This curse had been their grave, for so long. SCP-9127-1 was only an illusion created by that *asura*. 

> 

> *Dr. Khan is speechless. His mouth is wide open.*

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** God... how did we miss that? So, after everything that happened, all the test subjects that died, the flute isn't a divine object?

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** It is divine, but not in a good way. Whatever spoke to him wasn't a god. All of the visions and voices of the gods are fabricated by an *asura*. It borrows powers from the gods and uses them to ploy people into playing SCP-9127. Its name is-

> 

> *Dr. Abhyankar stops. He starts coughing. Soon, his coughs become more violent and uncontrollable. Blood starts pouring out of his mouth.*

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** It... is... *Ra*- Needs 4... bodies more... don't look... face... cover.

> 

> **Dr. Khan:** 4 bodies? What?

> 

> *Blood starts pouring out from his nose and ears. Medical staff urge Dr. Khan to end the interview.*

> 

> **Dr. Abhyankar:** DON'T LOOK-

> 

> [DATA REDACTED]

> 

> **<End Log, [28th September, 20██]>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** *Medical staff were able to control the situation and sedate Dr. Abhyankar to prevent further damage.*

Senior researcher Sai Abhyankar was admitted in Site-36's medical ward on 29th September, 20██, due to high fever and delirium. They suddenly got up from the bed, despite being in no condition to even move. Dr. Abhyankar took a pen and notepad from a nurse and scribbled a few words in Hindi: "मिहिर रे चौथा पीड़ित था""Mihir Ray was the fourth victim". Just after this, Dr. Abhyankar ran towards a window, breaking it and falling from the 5th floor. They were dead on impact. Postmortem reports revealed that their heart was missing, despite no opening scar or wound visible on his chest. 

> **Filename:** Baroque_Flute.jpg

> **Author:** Mats Halfvares

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Baroque_Flute.jpg

> **Filename:** what.jpg 

> **Author:** Mihai Sebastian Manole

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/mihaisebastianmanole/8466861905/in/photolist-dUbT4F-nWuM2h-g7WS6b-bC7uU4-5MTEX9-bxyLDo-Uyjzhy-hxnT2E-rKtVFK-zswb7z-opDhww-yJMuP8-RWpdkf-qwKqMn-apbtpB-omKiFA-f3Sewk-f3TH32-f3KtQA-NaGDUF-pt5MP4-zpartA-zohCcF-o8cEQ5-aBeFNZ-dTKgXE-f3v91T-5MTJYu-MGaQKN-J5XymB-DSdpFw-8q1qgd-hxjQew-fNqR4F-AtUnpj-fdfFmA-G6mV6V-CKYvDn-be3FQi-o9mWpx-FWPnq1-ooEWZB-NVvd5h-GkGtea-acfpZ1-275miyw-zYuArb-dU4wiL-L1Ay5s-dZ4pAE

<< [SCP-9126](SCP-9126) | SCP-9127 | [SCP-9128](SCP-9128) >>
