=====

=====

:root{

--header-title: "SCP CONSULATE";

--header-subtitle: "Secure, Contain, Prosper";

}

#page-content .foo div.collapsible-block-unfolded-link {

 display: none;

}

,,By [TopDownUnder](top),,

,,49-sec read,,

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9877 is monitored and recorded by the Deep Sky Array in the outer Heliosphere. Due to the low-quality of SCP-9877, civilian receivers automatically filter it as background noise. As such, no further containment procedures are needed.

**Description:** SCP-9877 is a repeating broadband radio transmission originating from a region of space corresponding to the star Shǎowèi. SCP-9877 was first detected in the 27th century. The signal is extremely degraded, due to severe signal attenuation and background cosmic noise. Despite this, listeners of SCP-9877 report intense feelings of safety, recognition, and "not being alone."

Analysis by the Department of Pre-Modernity has identified several snippets of pre-24th-century music, such as *Johnny Be Goode* by Edward Berry, *Eine Zauberflöte* by Wolfgang Mosark, and *Puspåwarnå* by Duke of Mangkunegaran. Several other snippets believed to be Terran music have been found, but are unable to be properly identified.

SCPS FARLIGHTAn Aeneas-class vessel used by the Foundation for travels that would exceed a human lifespan. was commissoned to travel to Shǎowèi, in the hopes of receiving a stronger signal.

**Addendum.9877.1:** FARLIGHT Arrival

Upon SCPS FARLIGHT coming within 0.5 lightyears of Shǎowèi, the following signal was received:

During analysis of the audio, the following image was found in the Department of Pre-Modernity's records. Automated systems flagged a relation between the two.

<details>
<summary>VIEW IMAGE</summary>

</details>

~~~~

<< [SCP-9876](SCP-9876) | SCP-9877 | [SCP-9878](SCP-9878) >>

---

=====

> **Filename:** greeting.ogg

> **Name:** Voyager Golden Record greeting in English

> **Author:** Nick Sagan / NASA

> **License:** CC-0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Voyager_Golden_Record_greeting_in_English.ogg)

> **Filename:** camel.jpg

> **Name:** 12 Camelopardalis

> **Author:** David Ritter

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:12_Camelopardalis.jpg)

> **Filename:** disc.jpg

> **Name:** Voyager disc

> **Author:** NASA

> **License:** CC-0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Voyager_disc.jpg)

=====
