Oh sure, you can look for reasons

and try to be them, for a while

but you know you can't be her answer

she was never after truth

( You Have To Believe Life Is More Than The Sum Of Its Parts, Kiddo - Empire! Empire! I Was a Lonely Estate )

SCP-9325 - The New Colossus Is Dead

[popsioak's author page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/popsioaks-garden)

**Designation:** SCP-9325

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** References to a ghost Fly-Saf Airlines Flight 8400 are to be scrubbed from digital and print media. Aerial reality anchors are currently in use to return SCP-9325 to this reality. Observers of SCP-9325 instances are to be given misinformation and/or amnesticized as appropriate. 

Any public evidence of SCP-9325-1 having been in SCP-9325 is to be destroyed. Personnel have been deployed to monitoring SCP-9325-1 for potential development of anomalous characteristics.

Under no circumstance will SCP-9325 be allowed to land. 

**Description:** SCP-9325 is a Boeing 777-300ER, intended to fly as Fly-Saf Airlines Flight 8400, which has been trapped since 12/12/2024 in a spatial anomaly of unknown cause. As a result, once daily at 0800 hours local time, SCP-9325 spontaneously manifests and de-manifests above random portions of American airspace. It is currently unknown how SCP-9325 remains actively airborne; only one untrained passenger is aboard, designated SCP-9325-1.

SCP-9325 typically spontaneously manifests at a cruising speed in the upper atmosphere, fifteen to thirty kilometers from its target airport, before initiating a sharp, uncontrolled nosedive aimed at the center of the largest runway. This has never resulted in contact with the ground, with SCP-9325 de-manifesting seconds before initial impact. Rarely, SCP-9325 may cruise without a nosedive. Observed flight patterns are not consistent with professional piloting; landing gear improperly deploys, SCP-9325 jettisons fuel, and moves wingflaps in erratic patterns.

Previous attempts to impede SCP-9325 through weaponry or physical blockades have proven ineffective, due to intangibility to sources of potential damage. Currently, the only response that has shown any degree of success has been the use of aerial Scranton Reality Anchors that initiate temporary locks to increase tethering to this reality.

**Discovery:** The exact origin of SCP-9325 is unknown. Fly-Saf Airlines Flight 8400 was stationed at Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi, India. At approximately 0600 hours local time, SCP-9325 taxied to the runway and took off while airport employees were performing standard pre-flight checks and refueling procedures.As seen on recovered security footage. At the time of departure, no one had entered the cabin.

Foundation authorities were unable to physically prevent SCP-9325's initial de-manifestation due to a lack of resources in the Indian subcontinent. As a result, Site-93 personnel were tasked with providing a cover story through Indian government contacts. This involved a non-existent rogue pilot, who was forced to return to Delhi by Indian and American armed forces over the Atlantic Ocean. 

As a part of this cover story, a replacement Boeing 777-300ER was acquired to stand in for SCP-9325. Pre-flight checks for anomalous markers showed no significant results, and multiple Foundation agents were added to the passenger list to respond in the event of a repeat scenario. The new Flight 8400 took off for San Francisco International Airport with no issues. 

SCP-9325-1 was a stowaway in SCP-9325's front wheel-well, identified as Armaan Saini, age 23. SCP-9325-1 had no anomalous abilities of its own that may have explained SCP-9325's existence. Changes in SCP-9325-1's appearance were observed between manifestations. These consisted of injuries acquired from falling or jumping out of SCP-9325, significant amounts of frostbite, and a lack of typical physical needs. Notable are signs of accelerated healing, proof of which is suggested by a notable series of falls from cruising altitude that each resulted in SCP-9325-1's death. SCP-9325-1 was observed alive in subsequent  manifestations. 

Beginning in 27/1/2016 and prior to its entanglement with SCP-9325, SCP-9325-1 had unsuccessfully applied seven times for asylum to the United States following extrajudicial threats on its life in Punjab, India. Documents seized from U.S. Border Patrol list multiple reasons for being denied entry. These include improperly filed paperwork, language barriers, and utilizing smugglersReferred to as the "dunki" route. to reach the southern border near Tijuana, framing SCP-9325-1 as a potential criminal. Following multiple attempts at unauthorized border crossings, SCP-9325-1 was deemed permanently inadmissible.

On 12/6/2025, aerial SRAs matched ambient Hume levels to a level consistent with SCP-9325’s manipulation during a manifestation above Los Angeles International Airport. SCP-9325 attempted a nosedive before demanifesting. SRA intervention appeared to successfully decouple solely SCP-9325-1; it was left behind in midair, suffering a twenty foot fall with major injuries. How SCP-9325-1 came to be entangled with SCP-9325 is currently unknown. In spite of personal protest, the former SCP-9325-1 was found to be in violation of good-faith asylum requirements, amnesticized, and deported. 

SCP-9325 manifestations then paused for three months. On 13/9/2025, a young male exhibiting phenotypes consistent with individuals originating from the Pakistani-Afghani region was observed inside a re-manifesting SCP-9325’s front wheel-well. It has been designated SCP-9325-2. Efforts to detain SCP-9325-2 continue.

> **Filename:** DC-8 Wheel-Well Stowaway Space Re-enactment by CAMI Researcher.jpg

> **Author:** Federal Aviation Administration

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:DC-8_Wheel-Well_Stowaway_Space_Re-enactment_by_CAMI_Researcher.jpg])]
