**Item #:** SCP-9172

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation elements have been inserted into Westwood Grove Playschool for the purposes of the psychological study and cataloguing of its children. Any and all instances of children exhibiting harmful and inappropriate attributes are to be recorded for reference by Foundation-appointed therapists. 

As SCP-9172 represents an unprecedented threat towards the community of Westwood Grove and its children, the Foundation is to cooperate with the staff and faculty of Westwood Grove Playschool, as well as the parents of the children enrolled therein. Physical and psychological harm to the children is to be curtailed wherever possible. 

Per an agreement between parents and the Foundation, children may reside within Westwood Grove Playschool as their primary residence for the purposes of effective containment and rehabilitation. Foundation non-disclosure agreements have been signed by parents and Westwood Grove Playschool staff and faculty, enabling the temporary expungement of affected children from all public and governmental records until rehabilitation. The perimeter of Westwood Grove Playschool is patrolled by a rotating team of armed faculty to prevent containment breach. 

**Description:** SCP-9172 is an anomaly affecting children attending Westwood Grove Playschool in Westwood Grove, South Dakota. Adults over the age of 18 have not been found to be affected by SCP-9172. The anomaly affects children who enter Westwood Grove Playschool permanently, and no effective cure has been found as of writing. 

SCP-9172 causes sporadic and inappropriate behavior in affected children. Common traits of affectation are abnormal mental faculties, depressive and hostile attitudes, and general disobedience. Hostile behavior towards care personnel is very common among the affected, notably becoming more severe during nap time and diaper changing. 

All children currently affected by SCP-9172 are aged 4-8. Per Special Containment Procedures, associated Foundation and community elements have seen fit to house affected children within Westwood Grove Playschool until such a time as SCP-9172 is neutralized and the affected children are saved.

**SCP-9172.1:** Abridged Cognitive Therapy Session

> **Subject:** Edwin McLaughlin, age 5

> 

> **Therapist:** [REDACTED]

> 

> ----

> 

> **Therapist:** Hey, Eddy! How are you feeling today?

> 

> **McLaughlin:** [unresponsive]

> 

> [Therapist produces a stuffed bear.]

> 

> **Therapist:** Look! Charlie is here to see you, too! Say hi, Charlie! [in a disarming voice] Hello, Eddy! Dr. [REDACTED] is here to see you. Say hi to Dr. [REDACTED]!

> 

> **McLaughlin:** [unresponsive]

> 

> **Therapist:** How are you feeling, Eddy?

> 

> **McLaughlin:** [unresponsive]

> 

> **Therapist:** Are you enjoying playschool, Eddy?

> 

> **McLaughlin:** [unresponsive]

> 

> **Therapist:** What's got you so sad, now?

> 

> **McLaughlin:** You look like a fucking moron, [REDACTED].

> 

> **Therapist:** Hey, now, let's not use no-no words. No-no words make Dr. [REDACTED] feel very sad. 

> 

> **McLaughlin:** [unresponsive]

> 

> **Therapist:** You okay, little buddy?

> 

> **McLaughlin:** How long has it been? Where the hell is Command?

> 

> **Therapist:** It's okay, Eddy, Charlie is here to--

> 

> **McLaughlin:** Let me out.

> 

> **Therapist:** [as Charlie] Hey, Eddy! Dr. [REDACTED] just needs to talk to you! After Dr. [REDACTED], Ms. [REDACTED] is putting on Barney! So be nice to Dr. [REDACTED], okay?

> 

> **McLaughlin:** Where the hell is Site-19? How fucking long has it been?

> 

> **Therapist:** Aww. Is someone cranky?

> 

> **McLaughlin:** Please. Please, [REDACTED], you have to get me the fuck out of here. It's been months of this shit. I can't fucking do it anymore. Please. *Please.*

> 

> **Therapist:** It's okay, Eddy. I know you want to go back to mommy and daddy, but we need to keep you here where it's safe, okay?

> 

> **McLaughlin:** Who the hell is mommy and daddy?

> 

> **Therapist:** Mommy and--

> 

> **McLaughlin:** What the hell does *any* of that mean? What the *fuck* are you *fucking talking about?!*

> 

> **Therapist:** Edwin McLaughlin, please--

> 

> **McLaughlin:** *Listen to me!* I... I-I need to get out of here. [McLaughlin begins scratching at his waist, above his diaper] Please, [REDACTED], *please,* I need to get out of here, I need to *get the fuck—* [McLaughlin begins struggling with his diaper] I need to see Sarah again. Please. I'm... I-I'm not supposed to fucking... tell you this, but I have--I have two kids back home. I have two little baby boys. Sarah's raising them all alone. Please. *Please,* I miss her so god damn much. Ever since the operation. Please, get me out of here. Please, [REDACTED], you need to—*fuck!* Why won't this fucking thing come off?!

> 

> **Therapist:** Uh oh. [in a disarming voice] Did someone have an accident?

> 

> **McLaughlin:** No! Listen to me! This is fucking crazy, you need to call Site-19 and--

> 

> [End Log]

**Afterword:** Edwin's mother, Sarah McLaughlin, expressed regret at her child's inappropriate behavior.

<< [SCP-9171](SCP-9171) | SCP-9172 | [SCP-9173](SCP-9173) >>
