**Item #:** SCP-9383

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ Keter 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9383 is to be contained in a 50cm x 20cm x 20cm, 1 cm thick Lead Box within Site-333. Personnel are allowed to transport SCP-9383 within the facility but must be wearing Lead lined Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Individuals exposed to the light of SCP-9383 while not wearing Lead lined PPE must report to the medical wing of Site-333 for hemodialysis. 

**Description:** SCP-9383 is a neon Budweiser Beer Light. When lit up, an unknown yeast species, designated SCP-9383-1, will begin to grow on any plastics that absorb the light. SCP-9383's light is able to penetrate organic material as well, causing SCP-9383-1 to begin to grow from the microplastics found within the bodies of humans as well as other organisms. 

**Discovery:** SCP-9383 was retrieved from Mitch's, a dive bar in Atlantic City, New Jersey on 03/23/2025. Foundation Agents were alerted to the location after 316 cases of severe alcohol poisoning, including the workers, were recorded at a hospital 2 streets down from Mitch's. Upon entering the back room of Mitch's, Agent Styan was exposed to SCP-9383's light and began expressing symptoms akin to being drunk. Agent Hodgens, noticing Agent Styan's state, notified the Foundation before entering the back room and coming upon SCP-9383. Agent Hodgens immediately began to feel tipsy and identified the solitary Budweiser Beer Light as SCP-9383. Agent Hodgens unplugged the light before passing out. 

Agents Pease and Guettler arrived on site with Foundation medics, retrieving SCP-9383 as well as Agents Hodgens and Styans. Agent Styans was pronounced dead shortly after returning to Site-333 while Agent Hodgens had Hemodialysis performed, removing the symptoms caused by SCP-9383. An autopsy of Agent Styans revealed that multiple colonies of SCP-9383-1 were present within the body. 

After further investigation, it was found that Mitch's was using SCP-9383-1 produced from SCP-9383 to produce an abnormally high proof beer (90 Proof) which was taken back to Site-333. SCP-9383-1 instances were found live and undergoing division within the beer. The beer did not seem to be anomalous itself. An interview with Agent Hodgens is included below:

> **Interviewed:** Agent Hodgens

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Barthwithers

> 

> **Foreword:** The interview was taken on 03/24/2025, one day after the discovery of SCP-9383.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Barthwithers:** So could you recap your experiences with SCP-9383 as you experienced them?

> 

> **Hodgens:** Uh, sure. [Hodgens clears his throat] I walked into the back room of Mitch's after witnessing Agent Styan leaving the room. He was, uh, nearly tripping over himself every time he took a step and kept swaying while standing in place. I notified the Foundation before walking into the back room. I saw SCP-9383 sitting in the corner, I thought it was just an ordinary beer light until I could feel a bit of a buzz in my head. I felt something was off but I could really only focus on the light. It's as if it was calling to me, asking me to bask in it for as long as I can. I unplugged it from the wall before it got to me too much. That, I think, is when I passed out in the room. When I came to, I was hooked up to a dialysis machine.

> 

> **Dr. Barthwithers:** Very interesting. You say that the light was calling to you?

> 

> **Hodgens:** It just felt like it. It felt sort of nice to just be sitting in front of it, but maybe that was just a side effect of the buzz.

> 

> **Dr. Barthwithers:** Thank you for your time, you are free to leave.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Shortly after this interview, Dr. Barthwithers assigned himself the head researcher of SCP-9383 and immediately began testing.

The important tests performed by Dr. Barthwithers and his researchers are included below:

| Test | Result |
| --- | --- |
| SCP-9383 Light Test | SCP-9383's light was emitted onto several objects of varying materials as well as different organisms. Of the materials, the most notable was originally plastic. Lead was found to be just as notable on retesting. The plastic material began to show growth of SCP-9383-1 and was thusly used in retesting to confirm SCP-9383's effect could not penetrate Lead. All of the tested organisms showed symptoms of SCP-9383-1 and had colonies present upon dissection. Notably, all of the organisms stood directly in front of SCP-9383 during the test even though they were not restrained. |
| SCP-9383-1 Analysis | Analysis of SCP-9383-1 revealed that it had a high ethanol tolerance, a much more efficient ethanol production reaction, and a doubling time of 3 minutes. SCP-9383-1 was sequenced and found to be an unknown species of yeast, most closely related to *Saccharomyces cerevisiae*, common brewer's yeast. |
| Replication of SCP-9383 | Neon gas from SCP-9383 was extracted and inserted into a sealed glass tube. Electricity was then passed through this tube but the effect of SCP-9383-1 growth was unobserved when the light was emitted onto plastic. Neon gas from SCP-9383 was then inserted into another neon Budweiser Beer Light and electricity was run through it. When the light from this Budweiser Beer Light was emitted onto plastic, growth of SCP-9383-1 was observed. |
| SCP-9383-1 Growth Test | SCP-9383-1 was introduced to multiple different plastics to see if it could grow without the need of SCP-9383. The tests showed overwhelming success with SCP-9383-1 being able to grow on all types of plastic without the need of SCP-9383. Further testing of the plastic-grown SCP-9383-1 colonies showed that alcohol was present around the cells, suggesting that SCP-9383-1 is able to metabolize plastic into alcohol. |
| SCP-9383-1 In the Body Without SCP-9383 | SCP-9383-1 was cultivated and placed into a small capsule 3mm in diameter. This capsule was then surgically implanted in an 84kg Orangutan. The Orangutan was placed into a chamber containing multiple ropes that could be used for climbing. The Orangutan spent 5 minutes casually climbing around before it was unable to grab another rope, its hands missing the rope it intended to grab. The Orangutan proceeded to plummet 6 meters to the floor, laying down for 1 minute before standing itself back up, shakily. The Orangutan then stumbled around the chamber, occasionally vomiting on the floor before passing out. The Orangutan was then breathalyzed and had a Blood Alcohol Content of 0.37%. Junior Researcher Allison Hartfeild attempted to end the test but was stopped by Dr. Barthwithers. 6 minutes passed before the Orangutan's heartbeat stopped and was presumed dead"He was smiling! He was smiling while watching that Orangutan die!" -Allison Hartfeild. |
***Note:** The tests show promise in the practical uses of SCP-9383 and SCP-9383-1. Testing will be continued to look into more uses for SCP-9383 and SCP-9383-1 as the possibilities are truly endless! A capsule delivery prototype is also in the works to make the use of the SCP-9383-1 capsules more practical. I have sent a proposal to Site-333's administration to see if we could use SCP-9383 or SCP-9383-1 as a method to reduce plastic waste as well as manufacture more SCP-9383 for use at multiple sites. -Dr. Barthwithers*

**Addendum 9383.1:** Upon review of Dr. Barthwithers activity inside and outside of Site-333, he is to have his clearance revoked and be arrested. A record of unauthorized activity is included below, including the 07/19/2025 incident.

---

**04/03/2025 21:34** 

Dr. Barthwithers is seen grabbing a SCP-9383-1 capsule from his desk and putting it in his coat pocket before leaving Site-333.

---

**05/13/2025 21:05**

Dr. Barthwithers is seen stealing the blueprints to the Capsule Delivery Prototype before leaving Site-333. 

---

**05/15/2025 21:49** 

Dr. Barthwithers is seen stealing the Capsule Delivery Prototype after further development of the prototype was rejected by Site-333 administration. 

---

**06/01/2025 22:15** 

Dr. Barthwithers is seen exiting Site-333 while hiding a tube under his lab coat. Further investigations into Dr. Barthwithers' house showed that this tube contained neon from SCP-9383 and Dr. Barthwithers had purchased a Budweiser Beer Light.

---

**07/19/2025 14:52** 

A statement from Agent Pease detailing the July 19th incident is included below:

>**Statement of Agent Pease**

> So we were sent out to [REDACTED], uh, Agent Guettler and I. We also had a clean up team with us because of the reports. I could tell it wasn't gonna be pretty but we weren't ready for when we got there. We step out of the van, and the first thing I noticed was there weren't any birds chirping. Nothin, it freaked me the fuck out. We were told to go to [REDACTED], which I guess was where the SCP we were looking for was at. Agent Guettler and I step inside, and walking through the front door we see that damn beer light again, shining all over the room. I'm glad they did all that testing so we knew to wear PPE this time. Not that it helped out the best, the entire room had that yeast that the light makes covering it and floatin through the air. We called in the clean up team and they torched it all. Agent Guettler and I stepped outside to see how far the SCP had spread and that's when we noticed it. There were residents standing in a circle in the middle of the street. I tried calling out to them but I didn't get any response. Agent Guettler had his pistol at the ready and we approached. When I tell you I saw the freakiest thing I've ever seen: all their pets were piled up in the center of the street and they just stood there, not a care in the world. We got the fuck out of there and called for back up. I could swear though, sometimes when I think about that pile, I can see a light coming from inside of it.

***Note:** The residency the Agents were alerted to was the residence of Dr. Barthwithers, who has not been seen since 07/19/2025. Medical teams were immediately dispatched to the neighborhood to save as many residents as possible. However, the outbreak of SCP-9383-1 resulted in the death of 13 residents. The neighborhood was immediately quarantined and all residents were administered amnestics upon treatment for SCP-9383-1. The quarantine will be lifted upon removal of all SCP-9383-1 instances. The Foundation has contacted the manufacturer of the Budweiser Beer Light and found that a bulk order was recently made by an anonymous individual. Agents are being sent to investigate the location in which the beer lights were sent.*

<< [SCP-9382](SCP-9382) | SCP-9383 | [SCP-9384](SCP-9384) >>

> **Filename:** BeerLightSCP.jpg

> **Author:** Aekartz

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/the-beer-light)
