**Item #:** SCP-9059

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** Only individuals with specialized 9059/INITIATOR clearance can be granted access to this file or made aware of its existence. At least one individual with 9059/INITIATOR clearance is to be stationed at every Foundation site.

**Description:** SCP-9059 is an event involving two human subjects, designated SCP-9059-FINDER and SCP-9059-SEEKER.

When the event begins, SCP-9059-FINDER will become aware that a single human tooth has spontaneously manifested in a hidden or difficult-to-access location within the room they are currently occupying. While facing the direction of the tooth, FINDER subjects will perceive it vividly, even if it should be obscured by closed eyelids or other objects. This typically causes feelings of confusion and distress, leading FINDER subjects to seek aid from nearby personnel while keeping the tooth out of their vision as much as possible.

Only one individual, the SCP-9059-SEEKER instance, can interact with the tooth while SCP-9059 is ongoing. All attempts by other individuals, including the FINDER subject, to interact with the tooth will result in phasing through it as if it is illusory. When the SEEKER instance makes physical contact with the tooth, the SCP-9059 event ends, and the FINDER subject is released from anomalous influence. Following this, the tooth ceases to have any anomalous properties and can be safely disposed of.

SCP-9059 is made to occur via a Foundation-developed ritual whose steps are available only to personnel with 9059/INITIATOR clearance. The ritual allows for the selection of desired individuals for FINDER and SEEKER status; it is recommended that the FINDER role be assigned to a relatively new and inexperienced member of the Foundation and the SEEKER role to an individual with a significant amount of seniority or authority within the Foundation hierarchy. Studies have repeatedly found that regular initiation of SCP-9059 in this manner leads to greater in-group cohesion among involved personnel, as well as higher levels of deference and trust between FINDER and SEEKER instances.

<< [SCP-9058](SCP-9058) | SCP-9059 | [SCP-9060](SCP-9060) >>
