=====

=====

## WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 4-CONDITIONAL/9275 CLASSIFIED

---

### YOUR CURRENT GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION AND PERSONNEL PROFILE IS BEING REVIEWED.

---

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-86

 Dir. ██████ MyriadDir. Myriad is nonetheless excluded from viewing this file.

~~Dr. Dessa Alonto~~ N/A

Omega-28 “Tabi Tabi Po"

---

**Conditional Clearance Notice:** No personnel of Filipino descent, or a history of being stationed within the Philippines, are permitted to access this file, nor are permitted for future stations within the country. Omega-28 members are excluded from this. 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9275 High Risk locations are to be consistently monitored, alongside online posts and emergency hotline calls referencing various keywords. Upon a confirmed SCP-9275-1 instance, MTF Omega-26 (“Tabi Tabi Po”) is to be dispatched to capture and relocate instances to remote locations for incineration. Amnestics are to be given as appropriate. Communication and cooperation between Omega-28 members and Foundation staff in the Philippines is forbidden.

Personnel assigned to SCP-9275 must have adequate cognitohazardous resistance training, and no prior information regarding Filipino politics or history, or have close contact to vectors of such information. Provisional Sites 9275-A to -G have been provided for isolation from personnel at risk of SCP-9275’s effects.

As SCP-9275 incidents have successfully lessened in frequency following the full implementation of the TULOG Procedure, it is believed the following procedures will allow for consistent containment.

**INFORMATION REGARDING TULOG PROCEDURE IS RESTRICTED BY 5/9275 CLEARANCE.**

**Description:** SCP-9275 is a set of anomalous events occurring within the Philippines. Such phenomena occur at varying times and locations, but the following information has been consistent with each occurrence:

- The event occurs in an open area frequently passed by a high density of people.

- The event occurs when 10 or more stationary individuals are within the same area.

- The event occurs between 9:00 and 17:00.

SCP-9275 causes the sudden manifestation of an SCP-9275-1 instance in the area. The source of these objects is unknown, and witness testimonies show no knowledge of where they originated from.

SCP-9275-1 appear to be human corpses. Biologically, they are mostly non-anomalous, excluding their internal organs, such as the heart, lungs, and brain, which have been replaced by miscellaneous objects. These have included fashion items, printed documents, and other general memorabilia. (See Addendum Two for further information.) They have also been proven impervious to regular cremation disposal.

SCP-9275-1 instances’ primary anomalous property is cognitohazardous: when direct, unobstructed visual contact is made with an instance, a foreign memory is “implanted” into the subjectLength of memories range between 5 minutes and 45 minutes, approximately.. Every instance causes a different memory to be “implanted”. Each memory shows the experience of an unknownPresumed to be the identity of the corresponding SCP-9275-1 instance. perspective, in the last minutes before their death. Only Class-C amnestics have proven viable in the permanent erasure of such memories.

~~The identities of SCP-9275-1 instances, and any possible correlation between them, is unknown.~~See Addendum Two.

---

**Addendum One — Discovery:**

SCP-9275 was first detected in June of 2025 due to various simultaneous intercepted emergency calls in the Metro Manila area, referring to a human body manifesting in the vicinity of a busy commercial area within San Juan City. Due to a containment breach at Site-86, Foundation operatives were delayed, leading to the body being retrieved by civilian police, where its anomalous effects were discovered. 527 individuals were exposed in some form to the anomaly before the situation could be controlled, whether through direct viewing or digital vectors.

Class-A amnestics were administered to all civilians, hazardous posts have all been removed by Foundation .aics, and disinformation campaigns have been implemented. An additional dosage of Class-C amnestics was deemed appropriate following resurgences of anomalous details from witnesses.

Below are relevant documents obtained from the San Juan City Police Station.

<details>
<summary>+ Recovered Documents</summary>

| **CRIME REPORT — 06/19/2025-B** |
| --- |
| **CRIME REPORT:** Suspected Murder |
| **COMPLAINANT/VICTIM:** Unknown |
| **DATE/TIME/PLACE OF OCCURENCE SUSPECTS:** No known suspects |
| **EVIDENCE:** No known evidence |
| **WITNESSES:** Twenty-five (25) civilians at the time of report |
| **FACTS OF THE CASE:** At June 19, 2025, 1:49 PM, a body was discovered outside Robinsons Magnolia. Body was found in the open but no suspicious activities were detected. Basic examination shows a single gunshot to the temple as probable cause of death. No one could determine where the body came from. Callers reported “weird memories”. Police arrived to the scene 12 minutes after, and corroborate civilian statements (refer to Witness Testimonies). Body was transported to morgue. Investigation of the area is ongoing, but camera footage shows no evidence of suspicious activity in 3-hour timespan before and after discovery of body. |
= **EXCERPT OF WITNESS TESTIMONY**

---

WITNESS: [REDACTED]

---

*Translated from Filipino to English*.

[…] “You want me to talk about what I remember? You mean what I talked about last time? Um, alright.”

[…]

“…They had me chained to a fence, in some alley. I don’t know the exact time, but I know that it was ‘after curfew’. I just knew that. My mind was hazy, I couldn’t think straight, but they kept asking me — the police — they kept asking me ‘Where is it? Where is it?’ I, I didn’t know what they were asking. I could tell. They started hitting me. God it *hurt*. The man to my left had the end of his rifle, the one to my right used his fists. I cried, I bled, I *screamed* until they hit me again and I couldn’t breathe. One of them knelt down and jabbed me with *something* again. They started screaming now: “What did you hide? Where is it?!” I… I really didn’t know. It was so hard to think, like a fog came over my mind. I… I lied. I know I lied. I said an address, my sister’s house. One of them, a big one, *laughed*. None of them said anything else. They just shook their heads and turned away. I heard one of them, the big one, say something. “He knows nothing. Kill him.” I started wailing, screaming, so loud. I felt the pain in my cheeks, the pain in my head, then how *cold* the gun was, then—“ 

[…] 

“No, no I’m sorry, it’s just… a lot to describe. I don’t understand it. I know how “I” felt, but it wasn’t “me”. But I feel everything when I think about it. All of… Like I was just there. And I can’t… forget. It’s always so vivid, no matter what. I… am I done? I don’t like remembering it.”

</details>

---

**Addendum Two — Analysis of SCP-9275**

<details>
<summary>+ Analysis Report 9275/A</summary>

| INSTANCE | AUTOPSY REPORT | RELATED MEMORY |
| --- | --- | --- |
| SCP-9275-1-02 | Heart replaced with leather wallet, empty. Lungs replaced with a pair of white high heel shoes, bloodstained. | Two guards are seen loading a single bullet into a revolver, before spinning the cylinder and aiming at the victim’s head. They fire five times without pause, all being blanks. Both scoff, before firing a sixth time. |
| SCP-9275-1-07 | Liver replaced with a singular diamond earring, pierced into the muscle of the body. Brain replaced with heart pendant necklace, containing the image of an unknown woman, of seemingly Filipino descent. | Five men are situated around: one uses two flat irons to apply burns to both feet, while the other three yell various curse words and insults. After three minutes, one moves away to grab a steel bar, placing it firmly at the victim’s throat, asphyxiating them. |
| SCP-9275-1-12 | Kidneys replaced by two empty Marlboro containers. Pancreas replaced with the removed head of a brown teddy bear. Spleen replaced with a 1970s aged Filipino passport; identification was torn off. | In a cluttered and dirty room, one man smokes a cigarette, before applying a burn to the stomach. The victim looks down to see eleven other burns spotted around, before being asked the question: “What do you know?” After twelve seconds of no response, the man collects a switchblade, opens it, and thrusts it down through the chest. |
| SCP-9275-1-18 | Heart, larynx and brain replaced with folded paper notes, each half-written declarations of love, with no names written, kidney replaced with a ripped page from the novel *El Filibusterismo*. [REDACTED PER SCP-9275 CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES.] | The victim’s arms are suspended facing fully outwards to the left and right, their perspective facing upwards to a faucet. Candle wax from melting candles drip on each arm. A voice can be heard from behind: “Who is with you?” After ten seconds of no response, the man places a cloth on the victim’s face, and opens the faucet, waterboarding the target for twenty seconds. This occurs twice more. In the fourth occurrence, the faucet is not closed. |
</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Analysis Report 9275/B</summary>

On August 15, 2025, SCP-9275-1-30 manifested at the entrance of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. Unlike other manifestations of SCP-9275-1, the body was identified, as Beningo "Ninoy" Aquino Jr, a Filipino senator and journalist who was a primary political rival against Ferdinand Marcos Sr, the leader of the Philippines amidst the 1970s. SCP-9275-1-30's related memory also shows an identical occurrence of the recorded events leading to his death, through a gunshot wound to the head upon return from a self-imposed exile to the US. 

At the same time, SCP-9275-1-31 and SCP-9275-1-32 also manifested at the entrances of the Court of Appeals and Justice Hall of Quezon City, identified each as students Liliosa Hilao and Archimedes Trajano, individuals who were also executed amidst the Marcos administration.

Due to the simultaneous manifestations, Foundation operatives could not adequately contain all three instances in a timely manner, leading to such information being leaked. Cooperation with the Filipino government allowed for information suppression by the detainment of all witnesses, allowing for amnestics to be properly applied to all affected individuals.

Following the situation, Senior Researcher Alonto was given approval for limited inquiries to the Filipino government concerning certain items recovered from SCP-9275-1 instances. Below describes her hypothesis regarding the results:

---

Most staff here are too young to remember the Marcos dictatorship, but I do. I remember the curfews, the gunshots echoing from outside your house. The faces of the Marcoses smiling in luxury from the screen of my small, dirty TV. That image of those two thousand damn pairs of shoes. Martial Law. _

I remember the rise of the communist parties, of the [REDACTED PER SCP-9275 CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES.]

[REDACTED PER SCP-9275 CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES.]

Those two decades of fear and corruption were a constant background in my life as a young, hopeful student, as all my hope and optimism dried up. I remember going to school each day and seeing one person less. Sneaking out under all the threats to talk about freedom and revolution with all the naïveté of the world. Hope was all we had, some days, joined amongst the impoverished and oppressed. But then came EDSA. That revolution of peace, standing up to the tyranny and hatred with love and kindness. It was beautiful. _

The shoes obtained from SCP-9275-1-02 showed a match to one from Imelda Marcos' collection, and all fifteen fashion accessories recovered show a match to the Marcos' inventory. The autopsy came back for the newest three instances: identical in one aspect -- all three of their hearts have been replaced by the same image. _

This anomaly wants us to remember that time. It's trying to tell us something.

 Showcases a protest against [REDACTED PER SCP-9275 CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES.] .|width=250px]]

---

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Historical Analysis</summary>

[REDACTED PER SCP-9275 CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES.]

</details>

---

**Addendum Three -- SCP-9275 Incidents**

In the weeks following the incident noted in Report 9275/B, a drastically increased amount of SCP-9275 incidents began occurring with no discernible explanation. SCP-9275-1 instances often manifested multiple times per day, with more notable, identifiable victims, as seen below.

| INSTANCE | IDENTITY |
| --- | --- |
| SCP-9275-1-42 | Lorena BarrosFounder of the all-women [REDACTED] group, killed in an [REDACTED] with police, shot at the nape. |
| SCP-9275-1-48 | Alex Boncayao Commander in the New People’s Army of the Communist Party of the Philippines, [REDACTED]. |
| SCP-9275-1-55 | Ishmael Quimpo Jr.  [REDACTED] after a protest concerning [REDACTED].  |
| SCP-9275-1-63 | [REDACTED]Only identified victim of the [REDACTED]. |
Current containment procedures at the time were inadequate due to the exponential increase in manifestations, causing a major threat to the Veil. Algorithmic manipulation successfully blocked anomalous content from entering the global web, but failed to assist in containing it domestically. Political sentiments began strongly aligning against the Philippine government, sparking several inquiries regarding corruption in the country. A timeline of recorded events and containment efforts are as follows:

**September 21, 2025:** The “Trillion Peso March” occurs, a mass demonstration against the recent flood control scandals, calling for further transparency from the current government Led by President Ferdinand Marcos Jr. and arrests of corrupt politicians. Unedited speeches made by celebrity guests include references to SCP-9275 and the 1970s Marcos administration. Confrontations escalated with youth groups at Mendiola, with rocks, bottles and Molotov cocktails reported to be thrown.

The ‘Baha sa Luneta’”Flood in Luneta”, referencing the inadequate flood prevention systems in place causing mass flooding as a result of [REDACTED]. was simultaneously held, led by university and activist groups with similar but more radical goals.

**Response:** Foundation personnel are dispatched to limit the demonstrations, partnering with the national police to secure police barricades. Widespread Class-A amnestics were approved for mass distribution as a limited solution, alongside taking down unauthorized media of the event.

 **PARTIAL SUCCESS** — Conflicts between civilians and police were deescalated, but reporting on SCP-9275 continued; amnestic distribution faltered due to unknown error; SCP-9275 staff punished as appropriate for negligence.

---

**October 2025:** Social media platforms locally have drastic increases in SCP-9275 news; Foundation disinformation campaigns commence. President Marcos conducts an official statement regarding the anomaly, promising prompt investigations and solutions; poor reception noted. Approval ratings reach a new all-time low. Various officials within the government begin additional hearings on the Marcos administration and previous actions performed [REDACTED]Such actions were deemed unrelated to anomalous behavior..

**Response:** More personnel are redirected to containment of SCP-9275-1 instances, with further partnership with the Filipino government for a wider spread of influence. 

**FAILURE** — SCP-9275 frequency unaffected and increasing. On-scene witnesses to SCP-9275-1 instances are more noticeably increased agitation against dispatched agents, reacting with hostility when given vague responses to inquiries.

---

**November 2025:** Hearings pertaining to the 1970s Marcos dictatorship are held, persecuting several high ranking government officials, both current and retired, for several [REDACTED], taking direct part in the deaths of a majority, before being suspended by the President.

**Response:** Foundation forces retry mass amnestics deployment, as rumors of a second “Trillion Peso March” are detected, alongside further Foundation intervention towards information suppression and containment contingencies. 

**FAILURE** — First batch of amnestics were tampered with while in temporary storage at Site-86; report by Senior Researcher Alonto claim to have been caused by an accidental reaction with SCP-██, leading to disciplinary action for Alonto and involved personnel. A second batch was successfully deployed but proved unsuccessful in mitigating anything further than short-term memories.

---

**November 30, 2025:** Second Trillion Peso March occurs, with the following central demands: forfeiture of stolen funds, the dissolution of political dynasties, and the imprisonment of corrupt officials, held at the same location, with much larger attendance. 

Simultaneously, various television channels countrywide were hijacked, attributed to [REDACTED], claiming to be ‘reviving’ the historical organization. SCP-9275 was directly referred to amongst the hijacked broadcast, alongside various purported details on [REDACTED], leading to further hostility against the government, even amongst demographics normally extremely loyal to the Marcos administrations.

**Response:** The Marcos administration, under Foundation guidance, forcibly shuts down all television stations, and shuts down the ongoing March halfway through its intended program. 

**PARTIAL SUCCESS** — Citizens’ reactions were abnormally hostile, with a significant amount of the attendees continuing to protest despite repeated orders of cessation. In the ensuing conflict, a confirmed 132 total injured individuals were reported, with [REDACTED]. Demonstration successfully halted, however leading to an overall negative reception.

**Secondary Response:** Noting anomalous behavior, further research into other potential cognitohazardous vectors of secondary symptoms from SCP-9275 is to be performed. 

**FAILURE** — SCP-9275 staff show inconclusive results of any additional anomalous behavior. When pressured Dr. Alonto and other staff offered their research reports, which were poor in quality compared to the output considered normal for them. Overwatch Command is given executive control over SCP-9275 containment methods in case of emergency.

---

**December 2025:** A [REDACTED], with a confirmed 44 members, most from local universities. Upon further investigation, five other sects were located across the country, with a common link towards GoI-7193Anti-government and potential sub-Veil group influenced by the rise in SCP-9275-1 manifestations, originally considered of minimal threat.. 

Several senators endorsed by Pres. Marcos Jr, such as Sen. Camille Villar, are subsequently attacked amidst public rallies/events utilizing tear gas, and hijacking of technology in the area. Following the above events, the following document was found on several social media platforms from various compromised accounts.

<details>
<summary>+ Recovered Document</summary>

**A MESSAGE** 

 

Greed and tyranny have shaped the flow of time since before any of our conceptions, when it was slave and slaver. One that controls and one that *is* controlled. The worst part is that this cycle has been established for so long, we’ve grown blind to how vile it is. Because *that* is what has happened. We’ve gotten ignorant and complacent. But this is not an assignment of guilt, it is an acknowledgement, because for thirty-three years so was I.

It changed this year. When the bodies started showing up. [REDACTED]

I’ve spent so much time pondering this, and what I’ve found is simple. That this “masquerade” is fragile. It’s broken before, and will break in the future. Just as before, [REDACTED] to the future too. Information can be our greatest asset too, so long as we don’t let them take control of the *goddamn* narrative.

[REDACTED] Like father, like son, ruling once more to erase all [REDACTED]. Now the truth is being forced to the people’s faces. An opportunity for all of us to realize and raise our arms.

It’s time for us to reverse our circumstances, and reflect it tenfold. Even the highest towers can be toppled, without its lowest bricks.

Perhaps it is time for you, too to ask: What does the tree remember?

-D

</details>

**Response:** GoI-7193 has been deemed a terrorist organization, and collusion with members of public support of the group a punishable act. Foundation agents detain known members of GoI-7193 for interrogation, as well to suppress influence of the group, before being given Class-C amnestics. 

**SUCCESS** — Incidents from GoI-7193 cease, though core leadership remains at large. Unlike past attempts, Class-C amnestics successfully removed all anomalous effects of GoI-7193; it is likely that Site-86 staff are compromised to secondary cognitohazardous elements.

---

**January 2026:** No major events occur. GoI-7193 activity reduced to a minimum as gatherings are consistently located, raided and disbanded. SCP-9275 frequency plateaus as containment procedures are revised and enacted. Social media access countrywide is cut off to further limit exposure.

**Response:** TULOG Procedure to reestablish normality is drafted by the O5 Council, approved after 3 revisions with a 8-3-2 vote, before being modified following Ethics Committee objections. Preparations of TULOG enactment begin, with a planned application on March.

---

**February 2026:** Despite both no Church support and being outlawed, a third March is organized and planned, likely by GoI-7193 leadership, planned for the 25th. SCP-9275 frequency begins linearly increasing once more; the Philippine government enacts [REDACTED]; with intention to limit any civilian participation, which is met by further violent response and several minor rallies around the country. Despite prior Foundation interruption, social media is reactivated, likely due to GoI-7193.

**Response:** Increased containment procedures and further preparation for TULOG Procedure to be prepared before the March, fearing possible further threats to the Veil and normalcy.

**FAILURE** — [REDACTED] to prepare. However, during transit, Site-86 staff successfully intercepted and attacked the majority of the transports, substantially delaying preparations.

---

**February 20, 2026:** Site-86 forcibly enters lockdown procedure under direction of Dr. Alonto against Foundation orders, keeping anomalies under automated containment; 87% of staff evacuate, extracting their implanted trackers before vacating. New social media posts from staff leak critical information, concerning [REDACTED], deemed a Partial Lifted Veil Scenario; TULOG Procedure adapted considering new context and accelerated.

---

**February 25, 2026:** Incident 9275-01. [DATA EXPUNGED]. See Addendum Four.

---

**Addendum Four — Post-Incident 9275-01 Summary**

As per TULOG Procedure, following its implementation, standard cleanup procedures were enacted, with all corpses being sent to Site-19 for cremation. SCP-9275-1 instances that manifested amidst the conflict were incinerated as per standard procedures. Of note were the documents found within SCP-9275-1-384; [RESTRICTED UNDER 5/9275 CLEARANCE], which has been determined as proof for the effectiveness of TULOG Procedure for future mass containment breaches, though to be treated as a last-case contingency due to its associated consequences.

Following the full physical cleanup of the affected areas, mass Class-C amnestics were spread globally, followed by Class-A amnestics tied with properly assigned cover stories to reestablish the Veil.

Site-86 was forcibly taken out of lockdown shortly afterwards, with surviving staff appropriately amnesticized per amended clearance conditions, with the exception of Dr. Alonto, who is to be entered into the D-Class Program following interviews to ascertain her role in GoI-7193. The following message was flagged from her, leading to the successful capture of associates, including [REDACTED]:

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:dynamic-emails">:scp-wiki:component:dynamic-emails</a> start=--

|from= dessaalonto@scp.int

|to= ███████████

|cc= N/A

|subject= [LEFT BLANK]

]]

I’m sending this because theyre coming to get me and i cant die as the last. Please dont ██████ me and don’t ██████ what happened. 

I’m sorry it failed. You need to run too.

Based on the recent decline of SCP-9275 occurrences, it has been deemed that there is a linear relationship between awareness of SCP-9275 in the public consciousness and the frequency of its manifestations, additionally related to general political activity. Thus, collaboration with the Marcos administration and its efforts has been improved. Disinformation material through the usage of slight memetic agents is undergoing approval.

It is predicted that at the current trend, SCP-9275 will retain at most a frequency of once per four months within a ten-year timespan, assuming no abnormal events. The file for SCP-9275 has since been edited to remove possible harmful vectors of anomalous effects, while retaining all required knowledge for understanding of the anomaly.

As of March 2026, normalcy has been deemed restored.

> **Filename:** Jose_Rizal_Monument.jpg

> **Name:** Rizal Monument

> **Author:** Adamdaley

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Jose_Rizal_National_Monument.jpg

> **Filename:** 09811jfAurora Boulevard Landmarks Magnolia Kaunlaran Robinsons Quezon Cityfvf 10.jpg

> **Name:** Robinsons Magnolia

> **Author:** Judgefloro

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:09811jfAurora_Boulevard_Landmarks_Magnolia_Kaunlaran_Robinsons_Quezon_Cityfvf_10.jpg

> **Filename:** Ninoy_Aquino.jpg

> **Name:** Ninoy Aquino

> **Author:** Malacañang Palace

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ninoy_Aquino.jpg

> **Filename:** 1986 rally against the Marcos Dictatorship in which protesters hold up images of Escalante Massacre victims.jpg

> **Name:** 1986 rally against the Marcos Dictatorship in which protesters hold up images of Escalante Massacre victims

> **Author:** Malacañang Palace Presidential Museum and Library

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https:*https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:1986_rally_against_the_Marcos_Dictatorship_in_which_protesters_hold_up_images_of_Escalante_Massacre_victims.jpg

> **Filename:** March.jpg

> **Author:** FLUFFERNUTTER

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0

> **Source Link:** (Add SCP Wiki link here)

> **Additional Notes:** I release the following image on CC-BY SA 3.0.

> **Filename:** Proclamation of Las Piñas's at-large district representative Camille Villar as the Senator-elect of the Philippines.jpg

> **Name:** Proclamation of Las Piñas's at-large district representative Camille Villar as the Senator-elect of the Philippines

> **Author:** Avito Dalan for the Philippine News Agency

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Proclamation_of_Las_Pi%C3%B1as%2527s_at-large_district_representative_Camille_Villar_as_the_Senator-elect_of_the_Philippines.jpg

<< [SCP-9274](SCP-9274) | SCP-9275 | [SCP-9276](SCP-9276) >>
