**SCP-9116:** Cold Toes.

**Author:** 

**Written For:** Series-0

**Music:** [Cold Feet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbJ3kfTS_Qg) - Tracy Chapman

---

= **Thank you for reading!**

=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9116

**Object Class:** Juvenalis

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9116 is contained under the joint purview of the United States Government and the Special Collections Program. 

Assets held atop SCP-9116 are to be examined bi-weekly to ensure their exterior has not sustained any meaningful damage. At minimum, a payout of $150,000,000 USD must be provided to either of the aforementioned administrative parties prior to the relocation of assets. 

**Description:** SCP-9116 is Annapurna I, a massif in the Himalayas located between the Marshyangdi River and Pokhara Valley. All life that reaches a freezing point whilst above an altitude of ~7,500 meters on SCP-9116 will remain perfectly preserved via prolonged cryogenic stasis. 

Subjects affected by SCP-9116 produce cryoprotectants within their cell membranes through unknown means, completely halting cellular function throughout the body. Individuals which are later removed from SCP-9116 will be ‘thawed’ and subsequently resuscitated, regardless of their physical condition while frozen. Efforts to recreate the effects of SCP-9116 without direct exposure to the anomaly have so far failed but are ongoing and considered a top priority. 

In all documented cases, assets affected by SCP-9116 which are later returned to their original state have testified that they retain some level of cognitive function despite the cessation of biological processes. Oftentimes, subjects report a repetitious 'dream' comprised of various events that had a major impact on their psyche prior to stasis. 

SCP-9116 was discovered on Nov. 30th, 1949 when topographers discovered the ostensibly frozen corpse of Jonathan B. Henson at an altitude of approximately 7,710 meters. Henson, a 33y/o Mountaineer, had been missing since 1922. Upon his immediate cremation, Henson allegedly began banging on the chamber walls whilst letting out intelligible vocalizations. Program Operatives traced the incident to SCP-9116, with human trials being held shortly thereafter. 

On Dec. 15th, 1955, SCP-9116 was made publicly accessible to a select group of individuals (hereafter referred to as ‘assets’) who meet any of the following criteria: 

* The Asset is associated with the United States Government. 

* The Asset is a notable public figure.

* The Asset is directly involved with political endeavors. 

* The Asset is capable of affording prolonged exposure to SCP-9116. 

* No other means of assisting the Asset currently exists. 

In the event an asset wishes to utilize SCP-9116, they must agree to and confirm the following:

* The Asset has signed away their bodily rights and understands they may be subject to various psychological traumas whilst affected by SCP-9116. 

* The Asset will be provided with a new identity and is believed to be deceased by the general public. 

*  The Asset understands that in the event they pass away prior to being affected by SCP-9116, they will not be resuscitated. 

* Asset understands that in the event they are shattered, amputated, decapitated, or otherwise destroyed, they will pass away shortly after resuscitation. 

At present, 117 Assets are under the Program's prolonged supervision. Of them, 9 are awaiting a cure for cancer, 22 are awaiting a reversal to the aging process, 78 are awaiting the statute of limitations, and 8 have been destroyed and/or are otherwise irrecoverable. 

 << [SCP-9115](SCP-9115) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9117](SCP-9117) >>
