=====

=====

**SCP-9196**

**Author:** 

⚠️ **Content warning:** Mentions of suicide, alcohol abuse, drug usage

---

My first ever SCP article and article in general. In fact, this is my first ever published work. I hope you enjoy!

**Item #:** SCP-9196

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9196-A is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber in Site-17. No further action is required.

SCP-9196-B is to be stored in an opaque, unlockable case in Senior Researcher Orison's office. 

Containment procedures for SCP-9196-B are currently under review as of Incident 9196-Pigeon.

**Description:** SCP-9196-A is the unconscious body of a male human of eastern Asian ethnicity, roughly 1.8 meters tall and weighing 82 kilograms. Subject's age is estimated to be between 27 and 30 years. Neural analysis shows fully functional cognitive abilities.

No observable decomposition or aging has taken place on SCP-9196-A since the subject's discovery in ████. Subject does not respirate or require material sustenance to survive, yet cardiovascular activity functions normally despite the lack of oxygen being delivered. SCP-9196-A constantly emits the scent of petrichor via an unknown source.

SCP-9196-B is a collection of four handwritten documents formerly tucked in SCP-9196-A's left arm. The author of the subject is currently believed to be SCP-9196-A. Each document is approximately 216 x 279 millimeters in dimension. All papers are in exceedingly poor condition and are stapled together. Dates on SCP-9196-B and carbon dating suggest that the contents were written approximately ███ years ago.

SCP-9196-B, when in direct line of sight of an observer, will cause the observer to enter a comatose state after a period of approximately 1.2 seconds. SCP-9196-B's anomalous properties do not occur when perceived via video feed or photograph. The contents of SCP-9196-B may be transcribed onto an alternate document, where the anomalous effects will not take place. Observers typically See Incident Log 9196-Pigeon. awaken after a period of 24 hours pass, claiming to have relived deeply nostalgic and euphoric memories while comatose in the forms of dreams. The dreams experienced by the observer during unconsciousness will always include at least one of their siblings. The dreams experienced have a varying subjective time to the observer, with minimums lasting under 30 seconds and an indeterminate proposed maximum. Evidence suggests that the observer does not dream for the entirety of the duration in which the observer is comatose.

**Addendum:** Observers without siblings are not affected by SCP-9196-B's anomalous properties.

SCP-9196-B's anomalous properties have proven capable of activating on the same observer more than once. Whether or not the observer has already seen SCP-9196-B does not alter the item's effects.

**Discovery:** SCP-9196-A and SCP-9196-B are believed to have originated in the first ███████-████ war. SCP-9196-A and SCP-9196-B were first brought to the Foundation's attention during the pursuit of a separate anomaly, where the subjects were discovered on the first story of an empty suburban home in ██████████, Pennsylvania. 

During recovery, two of the three agents transporting SCP-9196 fell into a temporary coma. The third agent, callsign "Mackerel," was the only agent present without siblings. The correlation between SCP-9196 and siblings was not confirmed until after each agent provided their accounts. See the Interview Log.

---

= ****Interview Log****

= *The following is a series of interviews conducted after the events of 03/06*/████*.*

> 

> = **Interview 9196/01**

> 

> **Date Conducted: 03/07/**████

> **Interviewer: Senior Researcher Orison**

> **Subject: Agent Paul "Mushy" Murphy**

> **Location: Foundation Site-17**

> 

> ~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~-

> 

> *Senior Researcher Orison begins audio log.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** This interview is being recorded. You should be familiar with this.

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Yeah. Yup.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** May you state your name and callsign for the log?

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Agent Paul Murphy, callsign "Mushy."

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Can you tell me what happened during your experience with SCP-9196, Agent Murphy?

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Yeah, uh... I was walkin' around this abandoned neighborhood with my buddies, right? Some real creepy stuff. I turn to Mounds when we walk by this one house that's a whole lot older-lookin' than the rest. I'm like, "Yo, Mounds. You smellin' that?" 'Cause it was smellin' a whole lot like rain. Did I say that? Smelled a whole lot like rain, dude. It was weird. It was weird 'cause apparently it ain't rained for months in that area accordin' to the meteorologists. Actually, not rain. But like when it's about to rain. You know when it's about to rain and you got that smell in the air? Like when you're smellin' it through the window? 

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** I'm familiar with the scent of petrichor.

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Is that what it's called? Wow. What a cool word, isn't it? Petrichor. Rolls right off the tongue. Thanks, for tellin' me that, doc. Huh.

> 

> *No audible dialogue can be heard for 17 seconds.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Agent Murphy, can you tell me more about your experience?

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Oh! Right. Sorry, doc. Where was I?

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** The house.

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Yeah... the house. It was super old. It was a really yellowed color and had vines growin' up the sides. There were these huge bushes in the front and a driveway that led up to a little garden underneath. Uh... It had this giant parking lot to the right with some trees. Felt a little nostalgic, y'know? Like I was at an old childhood friend's house. Some o' the windows were smashed in, too, yeah. It had these giant windows up front and a main entrance to the left. Felt really familiar. Had some old-ass roof tiles that were litterin' the ground.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** What happened upon entry of the house?

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Uh... Can't remember too much of it, to be honest. Couldn't tell you why we even went in there in the first place. I guess it was just too interesting, y'know? Like we was drawn to it. I don't know. I do know that when we went inside, I saw some dude in the middle of the living room floor, just layin' there. He looked asleep or dead. Whole thing felt like a dream.

> 

> *Agent Murphy stops talking.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** What happened afterwards?

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Well, my buddy passed out on the floor. Uh... I don't really know how to describe what happens next, though. You ever had a lucid dream before?

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Not that I can recall, no. 

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Shoot. Okay. Well, it was like that. Like, one second, I was in this guy's house, right? Next, I was in my childhood home, sittin' at the dinner table. I was colorin' a sheet of paper. What I was drawing... I had totally forgotten about it. It was a series of robots with cool powers, like shootin' flames or makin' wormholes. Ain't seen the thing since 6th grade. Brought back a whole lotta memories. I could see my mother in the kitchen, cookin' up dinner. I couldn't really see it, but it smelled amazing.

> 

> *Agent Murphy takes a deep breath.*

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** I ain't seen my mom in years, man. Loved that woman to death.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Did you see anything else?

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Yes. I remember seein' my sister colorin' right next to me. She was always a way better artist than I was, you see. I only ever started drawin' 'cause I was inspired by her, but don't tell her that if you see her.

> 

> *Agent Murphy winks.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Okay...?

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** I think she was sketchin' something we both saw on this show we used to watch. I forget what it's called, but it was hilarious. Revolved around some strong-ass bald guy. You heard of it?

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Sorry, I don't believe I have.

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Ah, it's cool. I remember it havin' some great art, which my sister was able to replicate perfectly. I remember leanin' over and tellin' her that she was a great artist.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** What happened next?

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Uh, I think I woke up. I was in a hospital bed.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Not a hospital bed. You were in our hands after being transported back to the facility.

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Oh, really? Huh. That was nice of you guys.

> 

> *Senior Researcher Orison ends audio log.*

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison did not have any comments following this interview.**

> 

> 

> = **Interview 9196/02**

> 

> **Date conducted: 03/07/**████

> **Interviewer:** **Senior Researcher Orison**

> **Subject: Agent James "Pancake" Mounds**

> **Location: Foundation Site-17**

> 

> ~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~

> 

> *Senior Researcher Orison starts audio log.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** This interview is being recorded. Please state your name and callsign.

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Agent James L. Mounds, callsign "Pancake." 

> 

> *Senior Researcher Orison audibly stifles a laugh.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Okay. Can you tell me about your experience-

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Did you just laugh at me? 

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** No.

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Are you sure?

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** ...

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** You know I take my job seriously, right? I'm not going to do this interview if you're going to make fun of my callsign-

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Agent Mounds, tell me about your experience with SCP-9196.

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** ...Fine. I was with my unit, investigating the town with sightings of the dream man when we came across this weirdly... familiar house. It was old and decrepit, but something about it radiated this feeling of melancholy... wistfulness would be the word.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Can you tell me about the house?

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Uh... It looked like it used to be white. It was all yellowed and old, with moss and vines climbing the outside walls. A tree was leaning on it, like the house had cushioned its fall. It smelled unmistakably like rain. 

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Were there any other details of note?

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Sorry, but I can't quite remember much else. It's kinda blurring together now, like a fading dream.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Interesting.

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** When we walked into the house, we saw a person on the floor. He looked tranquil. Asleep. He was holding some papers. 

> 

> *Senior Researcher Orison shows Agent Mounds a photo of SCP-9196-A.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** This is him, correct?

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Yes. What happened to the papers he was holding?

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** We have since removed them and are currently researching them.

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Oh. Right. 

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison** Can you tell me what happened after you saw SCP-9196? 

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Well, I was outside. In the same moment I saw him, I was in the snow in the parking lot of my old apartment building that was demolished decades ago. I was... 

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Do you think you were awake? In control?

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** I don't know. I had absolutely no memory of my prior mission when I was asleep. I could move and act however I wanted to, but I was only moving the way I remembered it. I was in control, and I was content with the way things were progressing. I was in control, but I was moving... accordingly. There was a snowman in front of me. On the other side was my sister.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** You could see her?

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Not yet. But I knew she was there, you see. I'd been in this exact situation before. It was so many years ago.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** How long ago?

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** It was the winter of '04. I was with my sister. We were playing in the snow until dark. I was able to experience everything again in that moment. I could smell the old winter air, feel the snow creeping into the cracks in my gloves and producing a minor sting. I could hear my own breathing. I sounded younger. Felt younger. Like a kid again.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** What happened after?

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** My sister and I were playing in the snow for hours. We eventually gave up on trying to build that snowman. She went to the other side of the lot to make snowballs and I ended up molding the snowman into a shoddy chair. It was really just a lump that I could sit on.

> 

> *Agent Mounds chuckles.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Do you have any other siblings?

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Yeah. A brother. He was sick with a cold when my sister and I were playing outside. 

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** At what point did you regain consciousness? 

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** My mother called my sister and I back into the building. We were both reluctant to, but eventually complied. I could hear our boots squeaking against the linoleum floors as we tracked in snow. She made us take off our snow gear at the doorway of the apartment. My thick gloves, my warm flannel jacket, my snow pants, my hat. I could see my brother on the couch, asleep. I saw a pot full of soup on the stove. I saw my dad on his recliner, watching the television. In that moment I woke up. I was so close to seeing my old apartment again.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Dreams are like that sometimes. Thank you for your time, Agent. 

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** You're welcome. 

> 

> *Senior Researcher Orison ends audio log.*

> 

> ~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~--

> 

> **Agent Mounds reported no changes to his demeanor and requested amnesticization following the above interview. His request is currently pending approval.**

> 

> 

> = **Interview 9196/03**

> 

> **Date conducted: 03/09/**████

> **Interviewer:** **Senior Researcher Orison**

> **Subject: Lead Agent Martha "Mackerel" Ridgewell**

> **Location: Foundation Site-17**

> 

> ~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~---

> 

> *Senior Researcher Orison begins audio log.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Can you please state-

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Lead Agent Martha Jackson Ridgewell, callsign Mackerel.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** ...Thank you.

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Yup. What's up with your eyes, man?

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** That is of little importance. Can you tell me about your experience with-

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Well, it happened when we were going after that dream guy. You remember him? The guy that may or may not have existed in the first place?

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** He absolutely does exist. I-

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Great. My crew and I saw this abandoned house about halfway through the mission. It looked fairly new, but it was overgrown and abandoned, like time had been sped up on it somehow. My cohort kept talking to us, saying that we had to go in there. When I asked him why, he couldn't provide a straight answer. That's expected of Murphy, though.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Was-

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** In my experience, I don't think the house was anomalous. Anything that may have happened to it or lead it to look so old was probably an outside source that we don't know yet.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** *[Through gritted teeth]* Terrific.

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** You okay there, Researcher? Looking a little red.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Well, you-

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Once we went into the house, Mounds fainted, causing Murphy to panic. He didn't say much else before he fainted, too. You already interviewed him, right?

> 

> *Senior Researcher Orison glares at Lead Agent Ridgewell with apparent annoyance.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Yes.

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** I thought so. He's probably too embarrassed to tell you how he was pissing his pants over the guy.

> 

> *No audible dialogue is heard for 10 seconds.*

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Did-

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Well, when my agents went unconscious, I kept my composure, as per usual. I called for backup and examined the body on the floor while waiting for the reinforcements to come. He wasn't breathing. Reinforcements arrived pretty quickly, so I didn't have a lot of time to try to read the papers that the guy was holding. The room had a distinct scent to it.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** ...

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Rain. It smelled like rain.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** Are-

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** After that, nothing much happened. Just the transport of the entity to here.

> 

> **Senior Researcher Orison:** This interview is over. 

> 

> *Senior Researcher Orison ends audio log.*

> 

> ~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~----

> 

> **Following Interview 9196/03, Senior Researcher Orison requested that Lead Agent Martha Ridgewell be suspended/demoted for her "gross unprofessionalism." Request has since been denied.**

> 

> **Lead Agent Martha Ridgewell has been returned to her duties and permanently assigned to further investigation regarding SCP-9196.**

> 

@@ @@

---

= ****Video Transcription****

 

= *The following is a transcription of the footage provided by Lead Agent Martha Ridgewell, recorded on 03/06*/████*.*

> 

> **Personnel present:** Site Command, Lead Agent Ridgewell, Agent Murphy, Agent Mounds

> 

> ~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~----

> 

> = **[LOG START]**

> 

> *Lead Agent Martha Ridgewell's provisional task force, self-identified as "Melted Pot," is seen walking through an abandoned suburban neighborhood. Agent Murphy points to a particularly yellowed and aged house.*

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Yo, Mounds. You smellin' that? 

> 

> *Agent Mounds is seen smelling the air.*

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Yeah. Probably about to rain.

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** How? Ain't a cloud in the sky, my man. It's comin' from that house. 

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Don't jump to conclusions, Mushy. It might have just rained.

> 

> *Agent Murphy shrugs.*

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** That house looks awfully weird, don't it?

> 

> *Agent Murphy begins walking towards the house.*

> 

> **Site Command:** Mushy, do not deviate from your existing orders. You have not been instructed to investigate that building.

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Yeah... but somethin' is off. I can feel it. 

> 

> **Site Command:** Mushy, that is not reason enough to disobey. Proceed as instructed.

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Site Command, this is Mackerel speaking. Mushy's right. Now that he mentions it, something *is* weird.

> 

> *"Melted Pot" begins proceeding to the front door of the abandoned building.*

> 

> *Agent Murphy knocks in the front door in a sarcastic manner.*

> 

> **Agent Mounds:** Murphy!

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Well, we wouldn't want to surprise anyone in there, right?

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Open the door, Paul.

> 

> *Agent Murphy opens the door. Video feed follows him inside the house.*

> 

> *Agent Murphy adjusts his gun as the squadron proceeds forwards.* 

> 

> *Agent Mounds faints.*

> 

> **Agent Murphy:** Mounds! 

> 

> *Agent Murphy audibly contains a scream.*

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Shit, Pancake is down. Site Command, this is Mackerel. Requesting backup as soon as possible.

> 

> *The video feed follows Agent Murphy into the building, where he faints as well.*

> 

> *The bodycam footage pans down to SCP-9196-A and SCP-9196-B on the floor in the center of an empty living space. Lead Agent Ridgewell rapidly checks the pulses of all three comatose subjects.*

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Murphy! Damn it. I've got two men unconscious and an unidentified victim. I need backup now.

> 

> **Site Command:** A chopper is on the way. Stay put.

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Roger.

> 

> *Lead Agent Ridgewell sits down with her legs crossed. 3 minutes pass with no dialogue.*

> 

> *Lead Agent Ridgewell begins humming.*

> 

> **Site Command:** Mackerel, this is Site Command. Checking in.

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Everything's going fine. What's the ETA? 

> 

> **Site Command:** 42 seconds.

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Roger.

> 

> *Lead Agent Ridgewell stands up and begins walking around SCP-9196-A.*

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** What are you doing here...?

> 

> *Lead Agent Ridgewell leans down to get a closer look at SCP-9196-A.*

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Shit, he's not breathing. He's not breathing.

> 

> *Lead Agent Ridgewell rapidly checks SCP-9196-A's pulse again, confirming it to be active. A helicopter can be heard approaching outside.*

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Site Command, this guy isn't breathing. Do I have permission to administer CPR?

> 

> **Site Command:** Do chest compressions for now. Your pickup is outside. 

> 

> *Lead Agent Ridgewell begins chest compressions while humming to the beat of "Stayin' Alive."*

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** Wait, pickup? I requested backup, not an aborted mission!

> 

> **Site Command:** Your unit is valuable. Your initial target is not our highest priority at the moment; this mission has been voided.

> 

> **Lead Agent Ridgewell:** But... Okay. Roger that.

> 

> *A group of medical agents enter the building, transporting the unconscious victims outside and into the chopper.*

> 

> *Bodycam feed cuts off.*

> 

> = **[LOG END]**

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Following this log, SCP-9196-A was provided breath via a respiratory aid ventilator, which failed to raise oxygen levels. It was confirmed that SCP-9196-A does not require oxygen for survival after this event.**

> 

@@ @@

---

= ****Incident 9196-Pigeon****

= *The following incident occurred on 03/10*/████*, where Agent Joel "Pigeon" Rabanaque was unintentionally exposed to SCP-9196-B.*

> 

> **Subject:** **Agent Joel "Pigeon" Rabanaque**

> **Sex:** **Male**

> **Age:** **28**

> **Sibling(s):** **1**

> **Relation to Subject:** **Sister**

> **Date:** **03/10/**████

> 

> ~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~----

> 

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **1:16:16 PM:** Agent Rabanaque enters Senior Researcher Orison's office during transcription of SCP-9196-B.

> 

> **1:16:21 PM:** Agent Rabanaque falls unconscious. Senior Researcher Orison pauses transcription and alerts medical officers.

> 

> *A period of twenty-four hours pass. Rabanaque is transported to medical bay and remains stable for entire interval.*

> 

> **1:16:35 PM (Following day):** Rabanaque does not wake up.

> 

> **1:17:23 PM:** Agent Rabanaque stops respirating.

> 

> **1:20:03 PM:** Subject's oxygen levels heavily decline. Homeostasis remains stable.

> 

> **5:39:20 PM:** Twitching begins on Rabanaque's left arm and right leg.

> 

> **5:39:29 PM:** Twitching stops.

> 

> = **[END LOG]** 

> 

> ~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~----

> 

> **Log Report:**

> 

> At the time of writing, Agent Rabanaque is still comatose. Updates will be posted on his file.

> 

> SCP-9196-B is to be reclassified as a Type-1NOnly pertaining to a certain group of individuals via a certain sense, with minor effects. cognitohazard. Containment procedures are to be revised. 

> 

---

@@ @@

> 

> = ****SCP-9196-B****

> 

> = *The following is a transcription of the contents of SCP-9196-B. Each document is numbered in order from first to last Categorized as "SCP-9196-B1" and so forth.. Documents are ordered by age, from oldest to newest by date.*

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> 
<details>
<summary>* ENTER VALID CREDENTIALS</summary>

> 

> = ****SCP-9196-B****

> 

> 

> 

> 

> 7/19/2029

> 

> = Ana, 

> 

> Lately, something has been wrong with you. Did you think I couldn't notice the smell of cannabis pouring from your room? The empty rum bottles you kept near your bed? That's not cool. You're not 21 yet; you shouldn't be doing these kinds of stupid things. Honestly, you shouldn't even be doing this kind of thing until you're way older, but that's just me talking. Don't you know what alcohol and weed does to an undeveloped mind like yours? Do you think dad would approve of this?

> 

> I've seen you drunk out of your mind before. It's not a pretty sight in the slightest. It really fucking annoys me, you know. Do you know how that makes me feel? How that'd make dad feel if he saw you? How it'd make MOM feel? 

> 

> Not at all, because you don't care about anyone but yourself.

> 

> You're my sister, Ana. And I can't believe you'd bring yourself down to this level. It's so unbelievably pathetic seeing you like that. When you came upstairs like that last Halloween, all I could think of was just "Is this really my sister?"

> 

> Do you know how brutal it is seeing your sibling do that? I grew up with you. I played with you as a kid. We'd always be together doing something, and I felt a quiet ease knowing you're always there. But you ruined that.

> 

> And it sucks.

> 

> I also don't like the way you've been treating everyone around you. You've been having these crazy mood swings. I'll be playing a game when I hear you yelling, throwing things, or hitting the wall over something banal. 

> 

> You're irritable around dad and Megan all the time, you know. I've heard you screaming at them over things that were YOUR FAULT. But you're just too close-minded to realize.

> 

> You'll talk to Ricky like he isn't even a human sometimes, too. I was in the car with you once, and you were calling him all sorts of names behind his back. You went out of your way to tell him to kill himself over the phone. That's disgusting, Ana. It really made me mad the way you acted like everything was okay after that. How could you possibly go back to acting like normal after pulling that? On the man who loves you?

> 

> Nah. That's not cool. 

> 

> He's been with you through thick and thin. It pains me to see you treating this all-star boyfriend like that.

> 

> Write me back when this reaches you. You've been acting insane, Ana. I want you to be better.

> 

> = -Brook

> 

> 

> 

> 

> 8/29/2029

> 

> = Ana, 

> 

> I don't want any harsh feelings while I'm overseas. I'm sorry about my tone.

> 

> I don't take back anything I said, but my tone was far too harsh. I should have considered how you were feeling when you read it.

> 

> You must know why I used such a tone, however.

> 

> I care about you, Ana. I love you. I really want you to do better; for the sake of everyone around you. I want to see you when I come back. I want to talk to you again. 

> I miss you.

> 

> = -Brook

> 

> 

> 

> 

> 9/22/2029

> 

> = Ana, 

> 

> Sorry I haven't been able to write you lately. It's been bad these last few weeks. I'll deliver these to you, though. 

> 

> I miss you, Ana. All I think about these days is growing up with you. Do you remember the power outage? That's one of my favorite things to reminisce on.

> 

> I miss that house. I remember we'd watch that stupid Percy Jackson movie on repeat. I remember the way we'd make those weird sandwiches with that avocado ranch that mom bought. It had that incredible roasted chicken that was kinda dry but so savory. You showed me how to make this really good salad and wouldn't believe me when I told you it was the best salad I'd ever eaten. 

> 

> You know, I remember when we'd play in the backyard. We had that trampoline that always got pooped on by birds, and we had that above-ground pool where we always tried to make a whirlpool to clean it. We would also just hang out on the back porch during the summertime with a glass of milk when mom would make us read. We'd walk with dad to the snack store every Saturday and get something mom would never approve of. 

> 

> I remember how we'd play hide-and-seek in the basement, and your spots were always better than mine. I'd have such a hard time finding you, despite how small the area was. 

> 

> I miss the power outage. Do you remember that? I remember how hot it was, and how much it made the house smell like rain. I remember eating cold takeout food on the first night, and going back and forth from mom's house to dad's house in the dark. It was so scary, but I loved it. That's my favorite memory with you.

> 

> I think that if I had the opportunity to go back to that time, I'd take it in an instant. Growing up was so much better because I got to do it with you, Ana. 

> 

> I'll be coming home soon, 

> 

> = -Brook

> 

> 

> 

> 

> 

> 12/25/2029

> 

> = Ana,

> 

> I just got the letter from dad. 

> 

> That was a stupid thing to do. 

> 

> It's a little pointless that I'm writing this now, isn't it?

> 

> ...

> 

> It broke my heart. It wasn't my fault, I hope.

> 

> It doesn't matter. You're not going to read this.

> 

> I miss you.

> 

> Was it my fault? 

> 

> I want to see you again. I'm not ready yet. I don't think I'll ever be ready. 

> 

> I'm not ready, Ana.

> 

> This war has been breaking me from the inside out. It's torture, one day after another. I'm going to escape.

> 

> I'm going to stop by the old house. They haven't taken it down yet, you know. I'm pretty sure the whole neighborhood is a ghost town by now, though.

> 

> I miss, you Ana. I want to see you again. I'm not ready to accept that I'll never hear your voice again or listen to the sound of your footsteps running over to me to show me a funny video. It doesn't feel right knowing that that can never happen again.

> 

> [It doesn't feel right knowing that I can never be your brother again.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-smell-of-the-rain)

> 

> I'm sorry, Ana. I love you.

> 

> = -Brook

> 

> 

> 

> 

>

</details>

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

<< [SCP-9195](SCP-9195) | SCP-9196 | [SCP-9197](SCP-9197) >>
