**Item №:** SCP-9862

**Object Class:** Euclid-Hypatia

**Current Location:** HVAC-1033 #4, RS-29, [Site-12](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9082)

**Active Procedures:** Security will sweep RS-29 every 40 hours to confirm its presence. Eye coverings required under Safety Act 9.9. Riddles are to be ignored. Those who hold religious or spiritual beliefs concerning abyssal or infernal underworlds are barred from this investigation. Corpses that emit seawater after 6 days must be incinerated. Attempts to combat the smell are ongoing.

**Description:** SCP-9862-alpha first uploaded to file sharing website jeemsreview.██ A website hosted by user Jeems, who will leave reviews on uploaded content. Multiple paranormal offender.  and later to YouTube as far back as June 2 2010, commonly titled "Fish From Hell" or variations thereof.

File is a "shock video" or "screamer video" depicting the uploader's supposed uncle or father slaughtering fish. Windows Movie Maker title overlays tell the story of the uploader's fishing trip wherein deep holes, caves, or secret man-made passages are discovered under [Seneca Lake](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9533). Photos of these structures are presented throughout, constituting a breach of security.

 Screamer Depicting a possessed Regan MacNeil from *The Exorcist* (1973).  occurs at timestamp 2 minutes and 19 seconds; viewing personnel have made it up to 2 minutes 38 seconds before device compromise via water damage.

Multiple casualties since file transfer to Site-12 around Oct. 4 2014. Recorded as part of ongoing investigation of civilian casualties and sightings related to -alpha.

SCP-9862-beta expectorated from R. Howe on Oct. 6. Escaped into HVAC-1033 #4 the next day. Nest consists of loose wiring, metal panels, and deceased biological material (not including refuse). Graphorrhea on walls is consistent with several biblical and gnostic apocrypha and documentation from NOAA and related organizations.

Transported personnel are considered KIA; phantasmic sightings are to be reported to HECL Kirby. Proposals to rescue them from the Challenger Deep are currently infeasible, as is reconfiguring them to human form.

 << [SCP-9861](SCP-9861) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9863](SCP-9863) >>
