**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation web crawlers are to search the internet for websites hosting instances of SCP-9039 and documentation of SCP-9039 related content. A DDoS (Distributed Denial-of-Service) attack shall be used to target said websites before Foundation Personnel can take down the offending content. All members of the public who perceive auditory content from SCP-9039 are to be housed in a standard humanoid containment cell over the course of a 2 week period. Class B amnestics and a psychological evaluation will then be administered to the witness before they are cleared for return to society. Concerning murders relating to SCP-9039, Foundation front companies are to publish newspapers corroborating an appropriate cover story. Personnel with a background or interest in Criminology are forbidden from SCP-9039 related assignments, with the exception of testing purposes.

 

**Description:** SCP-9039 refers to a true crime podcast colloquially referred to as "A Perfect Crime Podcast", which covers murders while adding an often inaccurate paranormal tinge. Episodes of the Perfect Crime Podcast have been discovered in numerous websites, with the majority of sightings being on the Parawatch Wiki forums (See addendum 1). Attempts to trace the IP address of the podcast's host have so far been unsuccessful. There is few information available on the host—if such a host even exists—apart from the fact that they are female and have been spotted under the online alias “A_Perfect_Podcast” and variations of such. 

SCP-9039 exhibits a cognitohazardous property where certain listeners of the podcast will be marked as targets for murder and end up dying in a homicide in the following 2 week period. There is no known way to tell if a listener has been marked as a target for murder, but victims of SCP-9039 have been exhibited to follow these parameters in most cases:

> > Aged in the range of 15-40

> > Has an interest in true-crime related content

> > Has regularly consumed true-crime content over a time period of the past year or more

> > Is a believer in the paranormal

Following the target’s murder, an episode of the SCP-9039 podcast covering their murder will subsequently be posted. Attempts to prevent the murder of SCP-9039 targets have so far resulted in failure. 

SCP-9039 first came to the attention of the Foundation following the detection of a thread in the Parawatch Wiki forums promoting an episode of the Perfect Crime Podcast. The vast majority of replies in the the thread consisted of recountings by users explaining their experiences with the podcast, warning unknowing users to ignore the podcast. A test involving a sample of five Class D personnel listening to an episode of SCP-9039 was issued to test the validity of these allegations. In the 2-week period following the tests, 2 of the Class D personnel killed each other during an altercation, another one of the five died while trying to flee during a containment breach, before eventually being killed by an escaped anomaly. The remaining two Class D personnel survived the 2-week period. For the purposes of the test, Foundation personnel were instructed not to intervene in the events of any of the five Class D being murdered unless it posed immediate danger to other personnel. 

Following the murder of the Class D personnel, an episode of the SCP-9039 podcast was posted detailing the case. A forensic analysis of an audio transcript concluded that the information contained within the episode was exaggerated albeit mostly accurate. The episode accurately described the life of the Class D personnel before their time at the Foundation, described how the containment breach began, and correctly identified the anomaly as the culprit. Exaggerated information was exhibited in the segment describing the Class D personnel's past criminal life. The episode was located in another Parawatch thread which was swiftly taken down after a single recorded visit. As per protocol, the witness was taken to a standard humanoid containment cell to be kept for a 2 week time period. Over the first week, there were three different attempts on the witness's life by either D Class Personnel or Foundation staff. Thirteen days into the witness's containment, preparations for their amnestication were being prepared by Foundation Doctor █████, who entered a psychotic state of rage before breaking into the witness's cell and strangling them to death with his bare hands. Resuscitation attempts post-incident were unsuccessful. Doctor █████ was interviewed following the incident, who reported no memory of the event, and described a sudden bloodlust overcoming him before ultimately passing out.

**Addendum 1:** An abridged list of known episodes of the Perfect Crime Podcast. An extended list and audio transcripts can be requested from head of SCP-9039 research, Dr. Squirrel.

| Episode # | Episode Contents | Source |
| --- | --- | --- |
| #1 | Recounts the murder of a Japanese schoolgirl in the Tokyo prefecture by her classmates. Covers urban legends that sprung up surrounding the girl following her murder, and the cult following the murderer gained in the true crime community. | Parawatch Wiki |
| #8 | Recounts an unsolved 1967 murder case from Toronto, Ontario. | Parawatch Wiki |
| #51 | Recounts a 1992 massacre in Montreal, Quebec. | Parawatch Wiki |
| #278 | Recounts the story of a Chinese thief who escaped from jail and committed 7 murders while on the run. | BiliBili |
| #359 | Recounts the story of a murderer who broke into two homes at night and then murdered two inhabitants by gunshot. | Youtube |
| #402 | Covers various University related murders and massacres. | Parawatch Wiki |
| #463 | Recounts the murder of a Class D personnel during a Foundation containment breach by an anomaly. Also covers the criminal life of the Class D before their time at the Foundation. | Youtube |
**Addendum 2:** An excerpt of a thread on the Parawatch Wiki by the host of the Perfect Crime Podcast

> ##yellow|**A_Perfect_Podcast**## 10/21/XX (Tue.) 20:14:09 #20177482

> ~~-~~-

> **A PERFECT CRIME PODCAST - EPISODE #402**

>  

> Anyone else noticed the sudden spike in University murders? *(o_O)* Well I have! That's why this episode is ALL about University murders! This episode covers:

> 

> > The 1980s Georgia University Serial Killer

> > The 1970s Ambrosia College Mass Killing

> > January's Storm Coast University Mass Poison Death Outbreak

> > August's Woodside University Shooting

> > Last week's San Antonio University Murder

> 

> I know those poisonings *allegedly* had no perpetrator and were all an accident but no one is buying that right xD? Those deaths were WAY too suspicious to be an accident *WWWWWWWWW*In this context, the repeated spamming of W's is a Japanese slang term similar to "LOL".. It HAS to be a cover up. It had to be a Kakuran no MushiKakuran no Mushi: A parasitic yokai believed to live in the stomach and cause symptoms similar to food poisoning.. Or maybe a vengeful spirit LOL idk.

> 

> [FILE REMOVED]

> 

> ##green|**qwertyasdf**## 10/21/XX (Tue.) 20:51:09 #48137111

> ~~-~~-

> If you value your life don't listen to this podcast and block the OP. I'm not sure what it has going on but I guarantee there's some supernatural aspect going on with it. Me and four of my friends were students at Storm Coast University and one day we were hanging out and decided to listen to the podcast. I didn't really care for it but all four of them loved true crime content so I went along with it anyways. We kept making fun of the podcast because we thought the host was annoying and all the stories sounded overexaggerated. I guess whatever the host is took offense to that because three of them died during the poison death outbreak and another one got shot in a dark alley.

> 

> ##green|**smartcrimes**## 10/21/XX (Tue.) 20:58:26 #48137111

> ~~-~~-

> I 2nd what the poster on the top said. Me and my deceased friends had a similar experience while we listened to the podcast on a voice call. They both randomly went quiet after the episode ended and the next day on the news I saw that a man broke into their houses and shot them in the head.

> 

> ##green|**streamwaves**## 10/21/XX (Tue.) 20:03:59 #60359401

> ~~-~~-

> Wow I've heard countless horror stories about this podcast but I thought it was just an urban legend. I'm being tempted to click on that link but now I'm scared to click on it.

> 

> ##green|**qwertyasdf**## 10/21/XX (Tue.) 20:04:19 #48137111

> ~~-~~-

> ARE YOU ILLITERATE? DON'T CLICK THE LINK.

> 

> ##green|**steamwaves**## 10/22/XX (Tue.) 20:04:36 #60359401

> ~~-~~-

> Ok ok chill bro I won't click it.

> 

> ##green|**iluvtrucrime**## 10/22/XX (Wed.) 4:34:19 #5631520

> ~~-~~-

> This podcast still posts? I swear the OP got banned last time they made a thread. I recall they got into an argument with another user who was talking about how their girlfriend was murdered after listening to the podcast. The thread eventually got pretty heated and the OP started making threats to the other user and asking them stuff like if they wanted to join their girlfriend. Kept going on like that for a while until the thread got locked and the OP got banned. Think the other guy got a 2 week suspension but pretty sure he didn't keep posting after he got unbanned.

> 

> ##purple|**bigfoot**## 10/22/XX (Wed.) 4:37:12 #0112329

> ~~-~~-

> This podcast's been around the watch for a while now. The OP doesn't really post apart from posting episode threads and attempts to defend themselves in their own threads. Mods always ban them but they somehow come back every time. Like everyone else said, take it from a really old user, don't listen to the podcast. Every few weeks or so, this podcast posts a thread and it goes the same way every single time. Everyone in the comments shares stories about how random people died after listening to the podcast, some real and some faked for attention. Then eventually some naive newbie listens to the podcast and proceeds to trash talk everyone for being wusses before they abruptly stop posting and become the main topic of discussion in the next thread.

> 

> ##yellow|**A_Perfect_Podcast**## 10/21/XX (Wed.) 04:54:09 #20177482

> ~~-~~-

> This again *(¬_¬")*

> No this podcast isn't haunted

> No this podcast isn't an evil ploy to murder its listeners

> 

>  Dealing with this thread after thread pisses me off. My podcast is simply meant to give the true crime community what they deserve.

> 

> Ik this is a paranormal forum but you all dont have to try shoving paranormal stuff into everything

> Listen to my podcast if you just want paranormal stuff *WWWWWWWWWW*

> 

> Also I have never been banned from Parawatch. My threads just get deleted (unjustly) and what I said about that guy and his girlfriend was a joke. The true crime community just gets me heated sometimes. Actually a lot of the time.

> **Filename:** theperfectpodcastlogo.png 

> **Name:** The Perfect Crime Podcast Logo

> **Author:** realsquirrel

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9039

<< [SCP-9038](SCP-9038) | SCP-9039| [SCP-9040](SCP-9040) >>
