**SCP-9927:** Moo.

**Author:** 

Thanks for checking this out <3

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/hyacinths-beanbag-corner#side-bar)

**Item Number: 9927**

**Clearance Level: 2**

**Object Class: Euclid**

**Special Containment Procedures:** The SCP-9927 population is assigned a 600-acre fenced plot within the Montana Animal Preserve. Staff must remind SCP-9927s at least once a month that they may not breach containment as demarcated by the fence. The SCP-9927 population cannot exceed 400 or fall under 200. Measures to correct population imbalances are left to the discretion of staff; however, to preserve the compliance of SCP-9927, measures should be taken such that they avoid causing undue psychological distress to the herd. When conversing with SCP-9927 instances, staff should limit the scope of their conversation to topics no more complex than that of, loosely, a six-year-old's cognitive grasp.

**Description:** SCP-9927 is a species of Bovines capable of speaking midwestern English. Anatomically, they are identical to domesticated cattle, and their daily patterns are also largely indistinguishable from baseline. Instances do not outperform their non-anomalous counterparts in most cognitive categories, except for communication and social awareness. This has been shown to correspond *negatively* with the herd's social cohesion. 

Due to their linguistic capabilities, it may be possible to teach certain complex concepts. This risk is to be avoided. 

---

Addendum-9927-1  Added at the request of the Ethics Committee. 

---

**Foreword:** The following is a conversation between Agent Pheobe Swiss, Dr. Enrique Santos, and Dr. Michael Brown, which was held while on post. 

**<BEGIN>**

*Santos enters the staff pavilion overlooking the SCP-9927 containment area. Swiss and Brown are playing chess. Santos unwraps his burger and takes a seat next to them. He takes a bite. Brown wrinkles his nose and turns.*

**Brown:** God damn, how much vinegar did you- 

*He stops and stares at the burger. Santos chews and raises an eyebrow at Brown.*

**Brown:** Is that, uh, beef?

*Santos nods.*

**Brown:** Don’t you feel kinda… weird about it?

*Santos swallows and wipes his mouth.*

**Santos:** Nah. Why?

*Brown gestures aggressively toward the SCP-9927 containment area. Santos shrugs.* 

**Santos:** I grew up near cows. I’m used to it.

**Brown:** But were they *talking* cows?

*Santos squints.*

**Santos:** Why would that matter?

**Brown:** Because—

**Swiss:** Your turn.

*Swiss takes Brown’s bishop, smiling satisfied as wood clicks against wood. Brown looks back at the board and grimaces. He talks as he stares at the pieces.*

**Brown:** It’s like, you know - well at least I remember this was a thing when I was a kid - there was the question of whether people in Pokémon ate Pokémon?

**Swiss:** Woah sorry catch me up I was *not* listening.

*Brown looks up at Swiss and takes a breath before ranting.*

**Brown:** So, I mean, Pokémon have a pretty good grasp of language and they can like know what you’re saying and, for me, like, if my food can beg for its life, that kinda changes things. So people were weirded out about the idea of Ash Ketchum eating a Snorlax or something in cold blood, and I think it actually got specified later that normal animals *do* exist in Pokémon - so like they eat those instead - but don’t quote me on that; my memory is fuzzy.

**Swiss:** That didn’t answer my question, mate.

**Brown:** Oh. Right.

*Brown points at the burger. Santos takes a bite for emphasis.*

**Swiss:** Ahhhh. Yeah, that’s a bit weird. 

*Santos holds up a finger as he finishes his bite.*

**Santos:** Okay. But if you feel like eating Pokémon is bad, then you should feel eating normal animals is bad too. 

**Brown:** How? They can understand language, dude. A pig doesn’t know anything. It’s different.

**Santos:** One: pigs are actually pretty smart. Two: if we say that the moral line between eatable and not eatable is language or intelligence, then you’re fine with eating a toddler.

*Swiss’s eyes go wide. Brown shakes his head incredulously.*

**Brown:** What is this crazy ass example?! Of course you can’t eat a kid; what are you talking about?

**Santos:** Morals aren’t about what you feel weird about. If you’re going to have any, they need to be consistent. If killing a Pokémon is bad because they’re smart, then killing a kid is fine because they’re dumb. Clearly, that can’t be true. I’m just saying that there’s no valid reason to think killing an animal is ok but killing a Pokémon isn’t. 

**Swiss:** Wait. So, why aren’t you vegan?

**Santos:** I think the killing is bad, not the eating. A personal boycott of meat doesn’t change anything about the killing, so there’s no real point, and I might as well eat.

*Brown sighs and goes back to the board. Swiss thinks for a few seconds.*

**Swiss:** Isn’t that just a cheap excuse to keep eating meat?

*Santos pauses. He sighs and stares at his burger.*

**Santos:** Yeah. Yeah. It might be.

*He takes another bite.*

**<END>**

<< [SCP-9926](SCP-9926) | SCP-9927 | [SCP-9928](SCP-9928) >>
