=====

=====

"Always. Forever. Us." by  

@@ @@

[ I have an Author Page!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/mister-toasty)

.fakeprot .mailform-box .buttons{display:none;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link {padding: 0.1em 0.5em;text-decoration: none;background-color: #F4F4F4;border: 1px solid #AAA;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:hover {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:active {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-unfolded-link{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-folded{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot .passw input[type=text] {text-security:disc;-webkit-text-security:disc;-mox-text-security:disc;}

.mailform-box td:first-child {width: 80px;}

**Item Number:** SCP-9832

**Object Class:** ~~Thaumiel~~ Apollyon

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9832 is currently being distributed to approved personnel, with plans to distribute it across the entire Foundation. The formula for SCP-9832 is stored in Site-01, with backup information stored in undisclosed locations. Access to these locations is restricted to Level-5 clearance.

@@ @@

= **PLEASE ENTER LEVEL-5 CLEARANCE CODE**:

@@ @@

# name

 * title: ID

 * default: <YOUR ID>

 * type: text

 * rules:

  * required: true 

  * maxLength:10

  * minLength: 100

# affiliation

 * title: PASSWORD

 * default: ・・・・・・・・・

 * rules:

  * required: true 

  * maxLength:10

  * minLength: 100

<details>
<summary>Login</summary>

##red|DATA CORRUPTED##

</details>

@@ @@

**Description:** SCP-9832 is a neurochemical serum that inoculates the neocortex from cognitohazardous effects. Following a study of anomalous entities resistant to these effects, Foundation researchers extracted samples of cerebrospinal fluid from these entities and cross-tested them with a sample of one-hundred D-class, documenting their effects prior to, during, and following mild cognitohazardous exposure. The data remained inconclusive until samples from SCP-████ were tested, which resulted in complete immunization for 78% of test subjects. Further tests were conducted DATA CORRUPTED percent of subjects being immunized. The data was forwarded to the Ethics Committee and Overwatch Council for review, with a vote of 9-3-1 approving of limited usage.

A large-scale field test involving MTF-DATA CORRUPTED all personnel surviving exposure. Tests involving lethal cognitohazards were approved, with one-hundred D-class being injected with SCP-9832 prior to exposure. Survival rate DATA CORRUPTED acceptable parameters, with DATA CORRUPTED as side-effects. A mass quantity of the serum was approved for production and distribution.

**Addendum:** DATA CORRUPTED

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

They didn't tell us what happened to those test subjects. Not even the ones that survived. "They're fine, the serum works, you can go about your work with one less concern. Even the Overseers swear by it. Keep securing, keep containing." And for awhile, they were right. People did question it at first, but the results kept speaking for themselves. Things that used to scramble your brain or debilitate you beyond hope were little more than memories of a darker past. The Foundation could finally overcome one of its greatest obstacles and be that much more effective at what it did. Eventually the questions stopped.

But then something got loose, and we couldn't stop it. We still knew how, of course; we had the resources, the ability, the data. But something kept us from doing it. Something in our minds prevented us from seeing this breach as a problem ~~ apparently everyone who had taken the serum now "saw the world from its perspective", so it continued. And then the damages kept getting worse. We stopped recognizing things as anomalous or mundane. They were one and the same. Some of us tried to fix it, make a cure, reverse the damage ~~ but the building blocks of our research had become indistinguishable to us. We could study our research, but it would be senseless, meaningless. Whatever we had injected into our bodies was not a shield but a wall, preventing us from understanding anything about structure, order, anything. Even language, symbols, patterns became unrecognizable.

@@ @@

All we wanted to do was make.

To fill the world with amalgamations of complexity, without purpose or goal.

[Build. Expand. Ceaselessly.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7832)

Its perspective was our perspective. Its thoughts were our thoughts.

@@ @@

Eventually the "inoculated" ones decided that all of humanity needed this, and so they vaporized the serum, and now it's in the air. A few of us found refuges, or were naturally immune, for one reason or another. It was left for us to record what happened. I don't know how many of us there are. Perhaps a million, perhaps a hundred. But we're all that's left. Everyone else...

@@ @@

@@ @@

Eight billion souls all devoted to a single purpose.

There is food. There is water. There is life.

But there is nothing else beyond that -- beyond that singular, all-consuming, inexorable desire.

And eventually? The last of us will...

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Welcome. Joining. Happy.

World. Orderly. Stagnant.

Change. Make. Build.

Structures. Extend. Enlarge.

Here. Additions. Swiftly.

There. Spreading. Delightful.

Everywhere. Everyone. United.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9831](SCP-9831) | SCP-9832 | [SCP-9833](SCP-9833) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Chaos,_klid_a_utrzky_zdraveho_rozumu

> **Author:** Alena Koenigsmarková

> **License:** Public domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Chaos,_klid_a_utrzky_zdraveho_rozumu.jpg

=====
