=====

=====

body {

    font-family: Verdana, sans-serif; font-size: 0.85rem;

}

**Item #:** SCP-9010

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9010 has been removed from its area of discovery, and into containment at Site-19. It is held in a specialized hangar in the Safe-class containment wing.

**Description:** SCP-9010 is a concrete cube with 6 rectangular shafts extending out from its far side. A cast iron door with a sliding window and round knob is hinged to the near side of the cube, overlaying an entrance into the cube's interior. On this door is a plastic, yellow plaque, which reads "ANIMAL HOSPITAL".

While the interior of the cube can be fully traversed, each of the shafts are filled in with concrete. The walls blocking each shaft are labeled with unique combinations of [field codes](scp field codes ) Field codes are simple illustrations, used by Mobile Task Forces and Field Agents to quickly convey the conditions of environments they are deployed to.  utilized by [MTF Zeta-9 (“Mole Rats”)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#zeta-9). MTF Zeta-9 is tasked with assisting in the containment of subterranean anomalies or anomalies within enclosed spaces.  The field codes are drawn in permanent marker, and disappear upon the activation of SCP-9010's properties.

Starting from the rightmost shaft and going left, they are as follows:

# An X above an O, separated by horizontal line, Meaning "danger on other side".  followed by a stick figure in a dress with an X above its head; Meaning "do not follow the little girl" or "do not follow the bait". 

# Two horizontal lines with an X between them, Meaning "unsafe space".  followed by a stick figure inside a crescent shape; Meaning "stay in darkness". 

# A squiggled line next to a straight line, Meaning "space/distance distortion".  followed by two stick figures connected by their arms; Meaning "stick together". 

# A stick figure with an X through its head, Meaning "it is not human".  followed by two circles connected with a horizontal line; Meaning "you are being watched". 

# A stick figure with an X through its head, followed by a stick figure with a horizontal line through its head; Meaning "does not stay dead". 

# A stylized drawing of a mouth with many jagged teeth. Meaning "hostile being". 

When an individual enters SCP-9010 unobserved and closes the door behind themselves, the walls to each shaft vanish. In their place, a series of non-Euclidean tunnels form, extending past the exterior dimensions of SCP-9010.

These tunnels appear to be moving along a straight line during traversal. Though specific time spent moving and distance varies, the tunnel will invariably lead to a large atrium. The atrium is constructed of concrete like the rest of SCP-9010, but its height and width expand past what is visible by the human eye or through use of recording devices. Shafts of light are often observed descending from an unseen ceiling.

**Exploration Log:** For the mission attached below, Zeta-9 Agent Alpha-5 was equipped with a live feed body camera. MTF Zeta-9 was stationed in the hangar outside SCP-9010, viewing Alpha-5's progress through a command terminal.

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*<The camera feed activates inside of SCP-9010, facing away from the entrance. Light from the hangar outside is visible, as is the shadow of Alpha-5. Alpha-5's hands enter the frame as he manually adjusts the camera, decreasing the zoom.>*

**Alpha-5:** Audio check.

**Delta-3:** We hear you loud and clear, Fives.

**Alpha-5:** Thanks.

*<Alpha-5 readjusts the camera again, decreasing the zoom further.>*

**Gamma-4:** What're you doing in there, Fives?

**Alpha-5:** Just... some quick readjustments. (Sighs.) Can I get a visual check?

**Gamma-4:** We can see you just fine.

**Delta-3:** You look great, don't even worry about it.

**Alpha-5:** Great bit, guys.

*<He turns around, facing the entrance to SCP-9010. Outside, Delta-3, Gamma-4, Beta-4 and the command terminal are visible. Delta-3 is standing front of the terminal, while the other two stand behind it.>*

**Gamma-4:** Look, there's Saoirse. 

*<Gamma-4 points at the terminal screen. Delta-3 waves in Alpha-5's direction; it is picked up on the screen, which Gamma-4 waves back to.>*

**Gamma-4:** Hey Saoirse.

**Delta-3:** Hey Verne.

**Alpha-5:** Thanks.

*<Delta-3 retreats behind the command terminal to join the others.>*

**Gamma-4:** We're all clear on our end. Fives, you're good to go.

*<Alpha-5 turns away from the entrance and takes a step forward. An additional shadow appears on the wall in front of him; that of Beta-4. Beta-4 raises her arm.>*

**Beta-4:** Closing.

*<The light disappears. Alpha-5 turns to face the now closed door, then covers his camera with his hand. There is rustling. He lifts his hand off the camera. He stands facing 6 shafts. They stretch out into darkness.>*

**Alpha-5:** (Gulps.) Okay.

**Delta-3:** Alright, buddy, you know which one we're having you go down today.

**Alpha-5:** The one with the teeth.

**Delta-3:** The one with the teeth.

*<Alpha-5 turns and walks to the leftmost shaft, then stands at the threshold. He places his hand on the left wall, then starts walking forward; he angles the camera forward. On the recording it appears he is beginning to walk up a steep incline. Cracks in the floor become visible. Dust particles are kicked up in his wake. He puts his hand over the camera, then readjusts it, manually zooming in. He lifts the camera up, and a single stream of light is visible.>*

**Gamma-4:** Oh, there it is. That was quick.

**Delta-3:** Nice.

*<Alpha-5 does not move.>*

**Delta-3:** Fives, what are you doing?

**Alpha-5:** I really don't want to go.

*<The group laughs over the radio.>*

**Delta-3:** At least get into the atrium. Can you do that for me, at least, Fives?

*<Alpha-5 takes a step forward.>*

**Gamma-4:** Come on, Fives! Just a little further.

**Delta-3:** Captain Abassova would do it.

*<Alpha-5 bristles, while Gamma-4 laughs. Though she continues laughing, her laughter temporarily becomes muffled. Alpha-5 walks briskly into the atrium, stepping around the beam of light. More beams of light become visible. He looks around; he is now within the atrium of SCP-9010.>*

**Delta-3:** There we go! Nice!

**Gamma-4:** Very nice.

*<Alpha-5 exhales, then walks forward.>*

**Delta-3:** Goddamn, I miss Abassova.

**Gamma-4:** Alpha-1. Shit.

**Delta-3:** I miss her.

**Gamma-4:** Me too.

*<Alpha-5's breathing has grown louder. He sidesteps around beams of light as they come upon him. Dust is kicked around in his wake.>*

**Delta-3:** Did you ever hear the story of how they find (*sic*) this thing?

**Beta-4:** No, what?

**Gamma-4:** Let's hear it.

**Delta-3:** Yeah. So.

The story goes that when they first found it, it wasn't the same as it is now. This was back in the real early days of the Foundation, when we didn't really know anything, right? We hadn't even came up with the terms to describe these things yet. They say, when they first discovered this one, they had it classified as the *original* SCP-910.

**Gamma-4:** Wow.

**Delta-3:** Site-19 had just been commissioned. The biggest Site in the Midwest. It was built to maintain thousands and thousands of anomalies. Zeta-9 had just been formed. Alpha-1, Beta-1, you know, the whole original group. 

Zeta-9 was called off-site to a remote little rural village by the Appalachias (*sic*). People in the town had been going missing, but they'd show up again ~~ heads, arms, fingers, legs, torn off. Dead! So, the team is dispatched, and they're disguised as FBI agents. They enter this dinky little town and the residents tell them, "It's the werewolves. This place has been a breeding ground for werewolves for 20 years." So, Captain Abassova takes Vesta ~~ that's Beta-1 -- and they head off to the mines at the edge of town. And they do this because it's said, there's an altar to Satan somewhere out in the mines, and this altar is where the werewolves go to pray during the day when they aren't hunting. It's just Abassova and Vesta going out.

*<Beta-4 grunts.>*

**Delta-3:** Coincidentally too, this is where a lot of the worst slayings happen. There they found a teenager and her hands were bitten clean off; her dad a few days later was found with his head torn off, and the head was a few feet away; lots of dogs got bit up there, missing legs and stuff; the worst of the worst retellings suggest very possibly they found a half-eaten baby. Really gnarly.

So, the rest of the team stays in the town in case anything new comes up while Abassova and Vesta camp out in the woods. They're daredevils, right, so they planted themselves right outside one of the mines. Tentatively, that's the spot they say is going to be SCP-910. Little did they know how right they were.

**Beta-4:** Oh, shit.

**Delta-3:** Right! So, Vesta and the Captain camp out there for a couple of weeks. They're going stir-crazy. It's like everything has just stopped, but those murders are so clearly anomalous. The bite marks, they analyze them, they got dog teeth marks mixed with human teeth marks; scratches that are made by these twisted knots of fingers. Not human! Not animal either. And it all. Just. Stops.

So Vesta says to the Captain, "I'm going down there into the mines. I'm going to find out if there's anything there. If there isn't, we're packing up." Captain hates that plan, tells her, "Don't do it," over and over. But Vesta's a daredevil, right? She heads straight down.

The Captain chases her into tenative-SCP-910 (*sic*). They descend the dusty old concrete mine. Down and down, they go. Vesta's ahead of her by a good couple of minutes, so Captain's looking at the tracks on the ground, all hunterly (*sic*). This is back when the Alpha of the Task Force was the leader, you know, so what Vesta's doing is crazy. 

The Captain loses sight of Vesta's tracks.

She comes down to a level in the mines where *everything* is concrete. Everything. It's a big, cracked slab on all four walls. No more dirt or dust to follow. She keeps going straight, she assumes that's what Vesta would do, but as she goes, she checks her GPS to see what's happening, to make sure she's still in our world, you know? 

*<Alpha-5 turns momentarily, looking at his tracks in the dust.>*

**Delta-3:** And it shows her looping back on herself over and over. She never seems to move out of this hallway it's detecting, even though she's moving forward. She gets panicky. She gets scared. Who wouldn't, right?

So, she runs forward, and she keeps running, throwing off things that weigh her down; her overcoat; her guns; even her fucking boots. She just runs. She's panting, she's sweating. The walls are closing in on her.

She screams. "Vesta!"

*<Alpha-5 jumps and stumbles.>*

**Delta-3:** Oops. Sorry Fives.

*<The team laughs, except for Alpha-5. After a moment, he resumes walking.>*

**Delta-3:** I forgot about you for a second. In any case. She screams for Vesta, and it's like the walls start to shift around. It closes behind her, so she books it sideways, closes her eyes, praying to God. Just keeps running, and running, doesn't stop. And she feels like she's going up a hill. And then there's light, and...

*<Delta-3 claps her hands together loud enough for it to be picked up over Alpha-5's transmitter.>*

**Delta-3:** ... she's out.

*<Alpha-5 sighs.>*

**Delta-3:** Of course, she's out of her mind about it. Her Beta is gone. It's tragic. She has them ~~ the Foundation, us ~~ dig this thing up, and turns out, it's a dinky little concrete cube, just halfway buried in the grass mounds to make it look like a mine entrance. She swears up and down this is what's causing the slayings, somehow, and they airlift it out. They do their tests. They throw some D-Class into it, lose 'em, the whole deal, and they find out that this dinky little cube is a spatial anomaly. It can shift around and reconfigure itself. 

And the crazy part?

**Beta-4:** What?

**Delta-3:** Seems like she was right. Nothing anomalous ever happened in that dinky little town again. No more werewolves.

*<Delta-3 chuckles.>*

**Delta-3:** But that's not the end of it. They build a special hangar here in the Site to store anomalies like these.

*<Alpha-5 bristles. His camera is lowered towards the floor. He continues moving.>*

**Delta-3** This hangar houses all the evil little spatial anomalies that are capable of being picked up and moved out, so, trailers, Port-a-Potties, that kind of thing. But a lot of them, you just can't gleam any research out of them. They're pretty much useless unless you want to feed them human meat. So, they seal off this hangar, shut the whole thing down, suspend the individual Special Containment Procedures for each of the anomalies.

Until one day.

One day, a scientist passes by, and he swears he hears stone grinding against stone inside the hangar. *Rrrrrggghhhkkkhhh-rrrrrgggghhhhkhhh* (*phonetic transcription*). 

They pop open the door, and they find SCP-910's all grown up. It's a cube with six rectangular shafts popping out its backside, and everything else inside the hangar... gone.

They say, sometimes, if you hang out long enough around the hangar doors, you can hear it inching around, dragging itself across the ground. And some people say it's because this cube isn't just a cube, but a creature. A living thing. Some people say... it's Vesta. Still looking for her Captain.

**Gamma-4:** Jesus. Is that all true?

**Delta-3:** *Pssht* (*phonetic transcription*). As far as anyone knows, ha.

**Beta-4:** That's crazy.

**Delta-3:** Sure is.

*<Alpha-5's camera is faced towards his feet. Seemingly without noticing, he walks through a beam of light. He abruptly stops.>*

**Delta-3:** Aw, Fives. You're going to be fine. The lights don't really do anything.

*<Alpha-5 readjusts his camera upwards. Something moves in the darkness.>*

**Delta-3:** *Shit!* Go!

*<Alpha-5 spins around, almost falling over. He pushes himself with his hands into a sprint. He runs through several beams of light. He does not turn around, or readjust the camera. It is difficult to ascertain what is happening during this segment of the video. He continues running until he is back at the hallway leading out of the atrium. Notably, it appears the distance leaving is shorter than the distance entering. Suddenly, he crashes into the door of SCP-9010.>*

*<Alpha-5 throws off his body camera, leaving it in the opposite corner to the door. It is opened from the outside; Beta-5 and Gamma-5 are seen grabbing him and pulling him out and into the hangar. Everyone is speaking simultaneously, making individual statements indiscernible.>*

*<The body camera is deactivated remotely.>*

**[END LOG]**

Following the end of the mission, the camera was removed from SCP-9010, and the footage was analyzed in order to ascertain what the team had witnessed. Upon upscaling and slowing down the footage, it appears no other entities were present, and Alpha-5 had merely kicked up dust particulate.  

**Discovery Log:** SCP-9010 was originally recorded as Unexplained Location UE-019, one of the earliest anomalies to be archived on the [Log of Unexplained Locations](log of unexplained locations ).

UE-019 took the form of a single 2x2x2m concrete cube with a cast iron door hinged to its near side, overlaid onto a cut into UE-019's interior. A plastic yellow plaque reading "ANIMAL HOSPITAL" was affixed to the door. The interior of UE-019 far exceeded that of its exterior, suggesting a size of 20x20x20m. It possessed a second door on the far side of its interior, identical to the one on its near side exterior; both doors within the interior lead to the single door on the exterior.

MTF Zeta-9 was dispatched following intercepted reports of a therianthropy outbreak in the village of Sparks Hill, Illinois, USA.

Multiple emergency phone calls indicated a vast network of tunnels had been discovered underneath a bridge between Sparks Hill and Elizabethtown, of which a "werewolf colony" had taken as their den; these reports were vastly exaggerated, as investigation by the Foundation revealed that a group of feral dogs and wolfdogs had taken residence inside of UE-019, which was underneath a bridge out of the village. The animals had taken advantage of its dimensional discrepancy for use as a shelter.

One wolfdog within the structure had contracted rabies. Despite it having attacked several of the animals within UE-019, and humans nearby the structure (prompting many of the calls in the first place), none of those attacked had become rabid.

This animal was put down, while the rest were moved into temporary containment with the Foundation. MTF Zeta-9 reported no further properties associated with UE-019; it was decided to cover UE-019 with concrete and seal it underneath the bridge, with further repairs contracted to a Foundation shell company when needed.

It is unknown when or how UE-019 underwent its transformation into SCP-9010.

During repairs to the bridge 6½ years later, SCP-9010 in its current form was dug out from the rubble. Its current containment procedures were put in place immediately while investigations were underway. MTF Zeta-9 were collectively unable to recall any details that could have indicated a continuance or mutation in UE-019's anomalous properties, and they denied creating any of the symbols found within the structure.

During an exploration mission, Alpha-1 of MTF Zeta-9 stated the following:

You remember things being a lot bigger than they are. 

Alpha-1 declined to explain what she was referring to, but referenced her statement while recommending its classification as a Safe-class, low-priority object. Following a Containment Committee audit, her recommendation was submitted, and the Committee concurred.

<< [SCP-9009](SCP-9009) | SCP-9010 | [SCP-9011](SCP-9011) >>

=====

> **Filename:** animal-cubespital.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License

> **Source Link:** This image was created specifically for, and is only used on, this page.

> **Filename:** Concrete_fracture.jpg

> **Author:** Wenhao Li, Shaowei Hu

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:**  https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Concrete_fracture.jpg

> **Filename:** Street_Dog_39.jpg

> **Author:** Slyronit

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Street_Dog_39.jpg

=====
