=====

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9709 is to be stored in a heavy-duty blast-resistant locker at Site-17.  The locker is fitted with acoustic foaming in order to maintain complete soundproofing and prevent SCP-9709's anomalous properties from activating.  Under no circumstances should personnel attempt to bring weapons or similar objects within close proximity to SCP-9709's containment area. At least 2 D-Class are to clean the locker for any residue from SCP-9709 at least twice a week, and only when SCP-9709 is inactive.

<details>
<summary>[+] REVISED VERSION</summary>

SCP-9709 is to be stored in a heavy-duty blast-resistant locker at Site-17.  The locker is fitted with acoustic foaming in order to maintain complete soundproofing and prevent SCP-9709's anomalous properties from activating.  Under no circumstances should personnel attempt to bring weapons or similar objects within close proximity to SCP-9709's containment area.  At least 2 D-Class are to clean the locker for any residue from SCP-9709 at least twice a week, and only when SCP-9709 is inactive.

Following Incident 9709-A, SCP-9709 is to take mandatory therapy sessions daily with the on-site therapist until further notice. To ensure the safety of Foundation personnel, all therapy sessions and interviews are to be carried out remotely via a security camera mounted on the interior of SCP-9709's containment locker.  The music produced by the ambience player placed inside is to be played whenever SCP-9709 requests it, or in the event that it becomes hostile or uncooperative towards Foundation personnel.

</details>

**Description:** SCP-9709 is a Mk.2 hand grenade manufactured sometime during WW2.  It possesses a distinct camouflage patterning across its outer shell.  The camouflage patterning on its shell appears to function similarly to the chromatophores found on various animals like chameleons or octopi, expanding and contracting at will.  It also appears to be able to shift and rearrange this pattern to form crude facial expressions to demonstrate its current mood.  SCP-9709's outer shell also shows various signs of disrepair, including dents, nicks and an oil stain pattern consistent with long periods of field use. SCP-9709 appears to be fully sapient and highly communicative, speaking in a raspy voice. X-ray tests confirm that it vocalizes by repeatedly pressing its striker spring against its percussion cap in patterns to form words. SCP-9709 also possesses an "inactive" state, in which it ceases all vocalization and movement for random periods of time. It is currently unknown how SCP-9709 achieved sentience, or how long it's been sentient for, even to the anomaly itself.

The additional anomalous properties of SCP-9709 occur whenever it senses something in its vicinity that reminds it of warfare.  visual or auditory.  Once SCP-9709 has been exposed to these "triggers," it will automatically detonate, the size of the resulting explosion varying depending on the amount of stress SCP-9709 is currently experiencing. SCP-9709 will remanifest in the same spot exactly ten (10) seconds after detonation, often expressing extreme feelings of frustration and sometimes profound distress, especially if a detonation resulted in an injury or death.  It is sometimes seen leaking a black, powdery substance from its lid when in this distressed state, which lab analysis has confirmed to be identical to military grade gunpowder.

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 9709-1: Discovery and Interview Log</summary>

**Discovery:** SCP-9709 was discovered in a battlefield relic dealer's garage after reports of a massive explosion from the surrounding area. It had killed the owner and several customers before MTF agents arrived. During initial containment attempts, it exploded twice, injuring 4 agents before being calmed down and successfully contained under the cover story of a gas explosion.

**Interview 1:**

 **Interviewer:** Dr. Roger

 **Interviewed:** SCP-9709

 **Date**: 11/4/1978

 **<Begin Log>**

 **Dr. Roger:** SCP-9709, do you copy?

 (The patterning on SCP-9709 shifts to form crude eyes from the camouflage splotches on its shell.)

 **SCP-9709:** If this is about that explosion earlier, I'm so sorry.  I didn't know that was going to-

 **Dr.Roger:** Hey, hey, it's okay, it's all over.  You and I both know that you didn't do it on purpose.

 **SCP-9709:** Why does that matter when I stripped at least a dozen people of their lives?  

 **Dr.Roger:** It does, but there's no use dwelling on it.  What's done is done.

 (Silence for 6 seconds)

 **SCP-9709:** (sighs) I guess so.

 **Dr.Roger:** Now then, those explosions, how did you feel before they happened?  If we can figure out what the cause was, we can possibly prevent them from continuing.

 **SCP-9709:** I think it was the guns.

 **Dr.Roger:** What?

 **SCP-9709:** I....remembered something while I was in that garage, I don't know what it was, but it was something truly horrible.

 **Dr.Roger:** What exactly did you remember?

 (SCP-9709 goes silent for 15 seconds before speaking.)

 **SCP-9709:** Not much Doc, all I really remember is the constant ringing of bullets and bombs in my nonexistent ears.

 (SCP-9709's "eyes" shift to form a sad expression.)

 **SCP-9709:** What......happened?

 **Dr.Roger:** If you cooperate with us, with me, I promise that we'll help you find the answer.

 (SCP-9709's "eyes" dilate to form a happy expression.)

 **SCP-9709:** Thank you. If I had arms, I would salute you right now.

 (End Log)

**Preliminary Psychological Assessment 9709.1:**

Following this interview, SCP-9709 has continued to show profound distress over the events that unfolded before containment.  It can frequently be heard sobbing in its locker for prolonged periods of time and has been reluctant to respond to questions.

To solve this, Dr.Roger had installed a remote-controlled ambience player near SCP-9709's locker.  SCP-9709's stress levels have gone down significantly since it was introduced, its favorite being nature sounds.  This helped allow for easier cooperation on SCP-9709's part.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 9709-2: Incident 9709-A</summary>

On 6/26/1979, SCP-9709 exploded during a therapy session with Dr. Roger after a researcher who was sent to evaluate the anomaly accidentally dropped her clipboard, instantly killing her.  Upon remanifestation, SCP-9709 entered a state of considerable stress and needed to be pacified with the ambience player, which was damaged by the explosion.

SCP-9709 mental state has regressed once again, now actively attempting to deter personnel from entering or going near its locker using threats such as "Get back if you know what's good for you" or "Stay away or I'll hurt you". Over time, black drawings also began to manifest all over SCP-9709's containment area. Some messages include:

* "WARNING"

* "DANGER"

* "KEEP OUT"

* A crudely drawn skull and crossbones.

* A sad smiley face with X's where the eyes should be.

All attempts to remove these markings have only caused them to become more prominent.

**Note:** SCP-9709's containment class was upgraded from Safe to Euclid following these discoveries and the procedures were revised accordingly.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 9709-3: Interview 2 and Status Update</summary>

**Interview 2:**

 **Interviewer: Dr.Roger**

 **Interviewed: SCP-9709**

 **Date:** 7/4/1979

 **<Begin Log>**

 **Dr.Roger:** 9709, before we begin, we need to talk about those drawings on the wall.  Did you create them?

 (SCP-9709 remains silent for several minutes before its splotches expand to form an angry expression)

 **SCP-9709:** Stop.   Just stop.

 **Dr.Roger:** Stop what?

 **SCP-9709:** Therapy.  Clearly, its not working, and now I'm back to square one.  Literally ANYTHING can set me off.  I'm a danger to everyone around me, and you need to realize it.

 **Dr.Roger:** We do, but I still believe-

 **SCP-9709:** Believe that you can "cure" me?  At this point, you're better off just taking me to the scrapyard and grinding me to bits.

 **Dr.Roger:** You know, we can't do that right.  

 **SCP-9709:** Then, at the very least, can you just...leave me alone?

 **Dr.Roger:** You've still got a lot of work to do, but if we continue therapy, we can hel-

 **SCP-9709:** NO, YOU CAN'T!  WHAT PART OF THAT DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND!  WHY DO YOU EVEN WANT TO HELP ME SO MUCH ANYWAY!

 (SCP-9709 breathes heavily for several seconds as gunpowder leaks from its lid.)  

 **SCP-9709:** I-I'm sorry I just..

 **Dr.Roger:** 9709, listen.  The reason why I think I can help you is that I understand what your trauma feels like.

 **SCP-9709:** Go on.

 **Dr.Roger:** I'm not going to go into detail about it but all I can say is....I know how it feels, and it couldn't have felt any better for the weapons used either. We don't know, but that's all in the past now. We'll make the proper adjustments to ensure you don't explode anymore. You just need to cooperate.

 (SCP-9709 remains silent for the remainder of the interview)

**Status Update:**

Following this interview, SCP-9709 has been more willing to allow personnel near its locker, and it's tone of voice has gotten noticeably more chipper. SCP-9709 continues to undergo long-term psychological counseling to further understand its behavioral patterns.

**NOTE:** A small portion of the camo markings on SCP-9709's shell has faded six (6) months following this interview.

</details>

<< [SCP-9708](SCP-9708) | SCP-9709 | [SCP-9710](SCP-9710) >>
