**Item #:** SCP-9335

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9335 is kept in a 2x2 metre containment chamber in the Bio-Containment Wing of Site-██. The chamber is maintained at a temperature of 25°C, LED grow lights of an intensity of 1500 lumens are placed above the item and it is to be watered every three weeks. Once a year the item should be repotted in an unglazed terracotta pot with five drainage holes. 

Direct contact with SCP-9335 or infected individuals beyond stage one is strictly forbidden. 

Personnel handling SCP-9335 must wear padded gloves at all times. Any personnel who make direct contact with SCP-9335 or an infected individual displaying symptoms of stage two infection, or any individual exhibiting stage one symptoms of infection, are to be quarantined for a minimum of 48 hours. Anyone exhibiting stage two symptoms should be terminated and incinerated alongside any loose spines. 

Experimentation with SCP-9335 requires the written permission of Dr. █████.

**Description:** SCP-9335 is a Cardon Cactus (Pachycereus pringlei) measuring approximately 25 centimetres in height and believed to be [DATA EXPUNGED] years old. It is biologically indistinct from other members of its species. 

SCP-9335 infects any living organism that makes direct contact with its spines. Initial symptoms will occur  after six hours and proceed in four stages.

**Stage One:** After approximately six hours after initial exposure, subjects will experience mild skin irritation. This is most prominent at the site of infection.

**Stage Two:** Two days after exposure, spines, consistent with those found in a Cardon Cactus, will form and protrude from the subject's skin. These spines carry the same anomalous properties as SCP-9335.

**Stage Three:** Three days after exposure, spines will form in the subject's eyes and internal organs. The rate of spine growth on the subject’s skin will rapidly increase. 

**Stage Four:** Five days after exposure, spines will appear in the subject’s bloodstream, leading to sepsis. Stage four is fatal in 100% of cases. 

**Discovery:** SCP-9335 was first discovered on ██/██/20██ in Albuquerque, New Mexico, after the deaths of its owner and three medical workers. Foundation agents embedded in the local hospital reported the incident and all non-Foundation witnesses received Class B amnestic treatment. SCP-9335 was retrieved from the owners home without incident. 

**Addendum 9335-1:** Following Incident 9335-1-A, it has been discovered that SCP-9335 is capable of propelling its spines over a distance of several metres in response to damage.

**Addendum 9335-2:** SCP-9335 has been found to be able to transfer its anomalous properties to members of the genus Cactaceae by direct contact. This extends to spineless cacti. All affected cacti are to be incinerated. 

**Addendum 9335-3:** At the time of writing, 57 deaths in the south-western United States have been attributed to SCP-9335 exposure, 42 of which occurred after exposure to affected cacti in █████████ National Park. Identification of affected cacti has proved difficult for Foundation agents.

**Addendum 9335-4:** Symptoms of SCP-9335 exposure have been reported in Latin America, the Caribbean and southern Canada. Tracking and incinerating instances of SCP-9335 has been declared a top priority.

**Addendum 9335-5:** Cases of SCP-9335 exposure have been observed across the continental United States, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. An estimated 5000+ instances of SCP-9335 are believed to be worldwide both in the wild and being distributed by garden centres. At the time of writing ███ deaths have been attributed to the anomaly.

#### Experiment Log:

**Item:** Peace Lily (Spathiphyllum)

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. After 48 hours, no effects were observed.

**Notes:** SCP-9335 may only be capable of infecting succulent plants. 

**Item:** Aloe Vera

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. After 48 hours, no effects were observed.

**Notes:** SCP-9335 is only capable of infecting other members of the family Cactaceae. 

**Item:** Dead Cardon Cactus

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. After 48 hours, D-9620 was instructed to touch the item. After six hours of observation, D-9620 reported skin irritation, however, after 48 hours of observation, he did not display any further symptoms. 

**Notes:** It is believed that, whilst dead infected organisms can still transfer infection, they must still be alive at the time of initial infection to do so.

**Item:** Fresh Human Corpse

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. It progressed to stage two symptoms, forming Cardon Cactus spines on the skin, before ceasing further progression. Direct contact with the corpse resulted in stage one symptoms. Symptoms did not progress further.

**Notes:** None

**Item:** Saguaro Cactus (Carnegiea gigantea)

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. After 48 hours, D-9960 was instructed to touch the item. After 48 hours, spines consistent with those found on a Saguaro, formed on the subject's skin. Symptoms progressed as normal.

**Notes:** It appears that SCP-9335 doesn’t necessarily convert other organisms into a Cardon Cactus but rather transfers its anomalous properties.

**Item:** Star Cactus (Astrophytum asterias)

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. After 48 hours, spines consistent with those found on a Cardon Cactus, formed on the areoles. D-2367 was instructed to touch the item. Symptoms progressed as normal until stage three, at which point a large yellow flower grew from the subject’s left eye. 

**Notes:** It appears certain species of cacti exhibit different effects based on their pre-existing characteristics. Furthermore, effects of SCP-9335 evidently carry over to spineless cacti. 

**Item:** Prickly Pear Cactus (Optunia ficus-indica) with several ripe prickly pear fruits attached

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. After 48 hours, a prickly pear fruit was detached from the item and traces of spines were found. A contaminated fruit was consumed by D-8888. After six hours, D-8888 reported irritation in the throat and stomach. After 48 hours, the subject expressed considerable pain, however, no spines were seen on the subject’s skin. Using an ultrasound scan, it was discovered that the spines had begun growing on the subject’s organs. Stage two symptoms began after 72 hours. Prior to death, contaminated prickly pear fruits grew from the subject’s back and shoulders. 

**Notes:** None

**Item:** Blue Torch Cactus (Pilosocereus pachycladus)

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. After 48 hours, D-1056 was instructed to touch the item. Symptoms progressed as normal, however, at stage two, the subject exhibited skin discolouration and appeared blue in colour.

**Notes:** None

**Item:** Creeping Devil Cactus (Stenocereus eruca)

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. After 48 hours it began rapidly growing from the roots and disintegrating the older sections. The item attempted to traverse its way towards the nearest person to infect them. 

**Notes:** The item was incinerated by security personnel after it breached containment and attempted to infect several researchers. How it was able to sense the location of personnel is unknown.

**Item:** Old Man Cactus (Cephalocereus senilis)

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. After 48 hours, D-7652 was instructed to touch the item. Upon reaching stage four infection, the subject was entirely cocooned in spines. 

**Notes:** None

**Item:** Peyote Cactus (Lophophora williamsii)

**Test Record:** The item made direct contact with SCP-9335. After 48 hours it began to produce high concentrations of mescaline in the air around it. Upon breathing in this mescaline, subjects began to suffer from hallucinations and felt a strong compulsion to touch the item. After death, infected individuals' bodies also produced mescaline. 

**Notes:** Four researchers were infected by the contaminated Peyote Cactus.

**Item:** [SCP-822](SCP-822)

**Test Record:** A remote-controlled drone implanted a contaminated spine into an instance of SCP-822. After 48 hours, D-3307 was instructed to approach the item. Once within three metres of the item, it detonated. The subject survived the blast with injuries, however, fragments embedded themselves in the subject’s skin. The subject reached stage four infection in six hours and detonated when approached. Seeds dispersed by the item grew into contaminated instances of SCP-822. 

**Notes:** None

**Item:** [SCP-1478](SCP-1478)

**Test Record:** An instance of SCP-1478 was infected with a contaminated spine. After 48 hours, Agent Decker approached and conversed with the instance for two minutes. No direct contact was made with the instance and no irregularities were reported. Six hours after conversing, Agent Decker reported stage one symptoms and was quarantined. Analysis of the colony found that a further four instances of SCP-1478 had become contaminated. All infected instances were remotely incinerated. 

**Notes:** SCP-1478 appears to be capable of spreading SCP-9335’s infection as a cognitohazard. Anyone who came into contact with Agent Decker or his interview with the instance has been detained for quarantine. 

**Item:** [SCP-2512](SCP-2512)

**Test Record:** A contaminated Cardon Cactus was placed in SCP-2512. The item was partially converted into strawberries (Fragaria x ananassa). Analysis showed contaminated spines within. A contaminated strawberry was consumed by D-2002. The subject exhibited skin discolouration and appeared red in colour. After nine hours the subject fully transformed into contaminated strawberries.

**Notes:** None

<< [SCP-9334](SCP-9334) | SCP-9335 | [SCP-9336](SCP-9336) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
