=====

=====

**SCP-9444** - Master's Tools

**Author:** 

****[My Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/demolitionderpy-s-author-page)****

**00:00:05**    *This is the way the world works.*

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9444 is kept in High Security Containment Chamber 7A at Site-47 in a constant, specialised medically induced coma, known as Procedure Lumet.See Addendum for more details. IV, catheter, and colostomy bags are to be refilled/replaced daily, and enhanced liquid rapamycin injections are to be administered weekly. SCP-9444 must be remotely monitored at all times in case of sudden re-gaining of consciousness.Minor twitching and brief vocalisation does not constitute re-gaining of consciousness. This is believed to be caused by Procedure Lumet. In this scenario, the immediate vicinity will be evacuated and anaesthetic gas will flush SCP-9444's containment chamber until loss of consciousness is confirmed.

Accumulated currency produced by Procedure Lumet is to be retrieved daily from Site-47, and allocated use by the Accounting and Budget Departments. 

**00:17:02**    *You, son of God, have been born with incredible powers beyond your comprehension--but you have squandered your blessing, and subverted the natural order. For this, you have become one with it. A heavenly cog in our machine.*

**Description:** SCP-9444 is Amir Hariri, a 23-year-old human male with the ability to manifest any physical denomination of the United States dollar, including coins, banknotes, and collector coins, via mental concentration and focus--the size, amount, and distance of manifested items correlating with the amount of concentration needed. Manifested currency is otherwise non-anomalous and indistinguishable from its mundane counterparts, and can not be de-manifested. 

SCP-9444 is hostile, dangerous, and will terminate Foundation personnel if given the chance. It is estimated that it takes at least 0.4 seconds for it to terminate targets via manifestation of currency within their vital organs, nervous system, and/or brain. It is capable of manifesting currency to locations up to 70 kilometres away from its current position, and only requires an approximate location and knowledge of a target's appearance to successfully complete a precise manifestation within their body.

**Incident Log:** SCP-9444 is responsible for at least six incidents in which it used manifested currency to terminate political and corporate figures. These assassinations, known as Incidents 9444/1-6, have caused threats to normalcy, the economy, the Foundation, and the United States Government, needing correction via government and Foundation resources. 

| Date | Victim | Cause Of Death | Aftermath | Correction |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 12/25/24 | Keith McCoy (Senior Director of Federal Relations for Exxon Mobil) | Half dollar coin manifested within brainstem during sleep. SCP-9444 was 25 kilometres away from McCoy at time of manifestation. | Brief loss of contact between Exxon Mobil and the United States Senate for lobbying purposes. Estimated damages of $120,000. | Position quickly refilled and losses recuperated. Medical staff who witnessed anomaly amnesticised. Sudden stroke cover story disseminated. |
| 1/08/25 | Brett M. Kavanaugh (Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court) | Half dollar coin manifested within brainstem during televised Supreme Court hearing. SCP-9444 was 66 kilometres away from Kavanaugh at time of manifestation. | Brief public scrutiny and shock. Supreme Court proceedings suspended for 5 days. | Approved Senator nominated as new Associate Justice. Medical staff who witnessed anomaly amnesticised. Sudden stroke cover story disseminated. |
| 1/19/25 | Chet Thompson (President and Chief Executive Officer of the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers) | Half dollar coin manifested within brainstem during sleep. SCP-9444 was 65 kilometres away from Thompson at time of manifestation. | Media coverage. Brief weakening of total national petroleum and natural gas lobbying efforts. Estimated damages of $200 million. | Position quickly refilled and losses recuperated. Medical staff who witnessed anomaly amnesticised. Sudden stroke cover story disseminated. |
| 2/04/25 | Alexander Meyer (Director of the White House Office of Intergovernmental Affairs)Meyer served as the primary liaison for expressing Foundation interests within the Executive Office of the President. It is unlikely SCP-9444 was aware of this fact when choosing Meyer as its target. | Half dollar coin manifested within major artery during the televised National Association of Counties Conference. SCP-9444 was 63 kilometres away from Meyer at time of manifestation. | Public shock and media coverage. Brief loss of contact between Foundation and the Executive Office of the President. | New Foundation liaison appointed. Medical staff who witnessed anomaly amnesticised. Sudden heart attack cover story disseminated. |
| 2/12/25 | Michael K. Wirth (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron Corporation) | 23 one hundred dollar banknotes manifested within stomach and intestines during exercise at home gym. Subject died in hospital 45 minutes later. SCP-9444 was 37 kilometres away from Wirth at time of manifestation. | Heavy news coverage of death. Strong condonation of incident expressed by members of public. Chevron stock fell by 7%. Estimated damages of $23 billion. SCP-9444 identified. | Medical staff who witnessed anomaly amnesticised. Home intruder stabbing cover story disseminated. E-7563 falsely implicated, and detained by mundane authorities. New Chief Executive Officer appointed and losses recuperated. |
**00:43:55**    *You could have been the best of us, the most powerful of us, the most charitable of us. Instead you chose frivolous acts of terror that were fixed in an instant. Didn't those book clubs teach you anything?*

**Discovery:** The Foundation was first alerted to SCP-9444 on 2024/12/25, after staff at Washington Memorial Hospital reported finding a half dollar coin embedded within a deceased patient's brainstem. Incident 9444/1.  Over the proceeding months, similar incidents continued to occur, focussed on individuals involved in the petroleum and natural gas industry, and Republican lawmakers. 

In late February 2025, Foundation agents, aided by clairvoyant and energy-sensitive personnel, determined the approximate location of the responsible party was Baltimore, Maryland. MTF Kappa-79 ("Radars of the Lost Ark") A specialised team of individuals sensitive to strong mental energy.  were dispatched to determine their exact location, succeeding after Incident 9444/6. SCP-9444 was identified as Amir Hariri, a 23-year-old male of Lebanese-American heritage. Hariri was studying political science at the University of Baltimore, and was found to be a member of multiple subversive groups in the area, including SG-5598 UOB Student Action  and SG-5823. Revolutionary Marxists of Baltimore 

Further investigation revealed that SCP-9444 had realised its anomalous ability at the age of seven, wherein it mainly used it for minor financial gain until the age of nineteen. After enrolling at University of Baltimore, the anomaly gained radical beliefs fuelled by its classmates and various subversive groups on-campus. SCP-9444 then began manifesting currency to aid these groups and their activities, before transitioning to committing acts of violence. It is currently believed that fellow members of these groups were unaware of SCP-9444's anomalous abilities and actions.

After SCP-9444's residence was identified, the SCP Foundation and Unusual Incidents Unit Due to SCP-9444's termination of a high-ranking government official, the UIU specifically requested to take part in the anomaly's detainment.  launched a joint tactical effort to detain the anomaly. On 2025/2/15, SCP-9444 was anaesthetised while it slept, detained, and transferred to Site-47. It has not been allowed to regain consciousness since. Containment procedures were then established, and Procedure Lumet was developed to exploit SCP-9444's anomalous abilities.

**02:07:45**    *You are God's lamb offered to us, as we are his chosen people. We are the blessed peacekeepers. The ones who hold the ruler. The ones who draw the lines. The ones who enforce his holy law--the one true law.*

**Addendum:** The following is a transcript of the original document written by Senior Researcher Dr. Warren Lumet detailing Procedure Lumet:

> Coma is to be induced via a mix of pentobarbital and propofol administered intravenously. Standard mechanical ventilation, IV feeding, and fluid pushing procedures are to be installed. 

> 

> Two coiled leads attached to electrodes are to be guided into the brain via a 14 mm hole drilled through the subject's skull. These wires are to be connected to and powered by a battery pack placed in the subject's chest wall. The electrodes are to be attached to either side of the temporal lobe--one will administer a constant electrical charge of 0.47 volts, and the other will administer an electrical charge of 0.15 volts every 0.5 seconds. This will allow SCP-9444 to constantly manifest currency in the desired denomination and amount, even while unconscious.

> 

> The following should also be installed/administered to guarantee constant revenue generation:

> * Thick blindfold to prevent light entering through eyelids;

> * Headphones constantly playing white noise and/or looped, pre-recorded audio at a loud volume to prevent mental clarity and demoralise the subject; SCP-9444 is able to hear and feel pain within its coma. 

> * Weekly injections of enhanced liquid rapamycin to reduce cell-aging and aid longevity;

> * Pedestal placed directly behind subject's head for holding manifested items.

>

> Calculations estimate that this procedure will generate roughly $100 per minute, or $144,000 per day. Revenue generated annually will be roughly $52,600,000.

**05:27:58** *This is the way the world works.*

<details>
<summary>+ Open Footnotes</summary>

</details>

<< [SCP-9443](SCP-9443) | SCP-9444| [SCP-9445](SCP-9445) >>

> **Filename:** X-ray_of_deep_brain_stimulation_in_OCD,_L.png

> **Author:** Jmarchn

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:X-ray_of_deep_brain_stimulation_in_OCD,_L.png)
