ITEM #: Scp-9253

Object class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: 

Scp-9253 needs to be contained in an electromagnetic 5x5x5 m airtight steel cube, at all times. Monthly checks for holes are near mandatory. Any and all photos, video, or recordings of SCP-9253  are forbidden without approval from Dr. ███ and O5-█. Security personnel will use installed pressure sensors and laser detectors to ensure SCP-9253 presence inside the cell these must be checked to see if there working weakly.

Description:

Scp-9253 is a humanoid creature around the hight of a 23 year old. His body is covered by a thick winter coat, hood up, ski mask up, and orange goggles. No sign of body hair and skin color is devoid of pigment just like Scp-096.

It is not yet known whether SCP-9253 is blind or not. He is impossible to terminate. Scp-9253 communicates with a piece of paper.

Audio Log from Interview Scp-9253:

Interviewer: Dr. ███

interviewed: Scp-9253

<begin log>

Dr. ███: So Scp-9253.

Dr. ███: How are you doing?

Scp-9253: GOOD

Dr. ███: glad you’re feeling good.

Dr. ███: so do you know any other SCPs?

Scp-9253: SCP…███

Dr. ███: … I need to go.

<end log>

SCP-9253 is normally extremely docile, with pressure sensors inside its cell indicating it spends most of the day pacing by the eastern wall. However, when someone views SCP-9253’s face, whether it be directly, via video recording, or even a photograph, it will enter a stage of possession. It will possess the viewer known as Scp-9253-1. Depending on the distance it will take some time. Scp-9253-1 will do things he normally wouldn’t like shoot people, kill people and even ██████  people. Then Scp-9253-1 will kill themself.
