@media only screen and (max-width: 600px) {

    .scp-image-block.block-right{

        float: none;

        margin: auto;

    }

}

**Item #:** SCP-9363

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** A 1km isolating perimeter is to be maintained around SCP-9363's concealed entry point. Within this zone, provisional Site-9363 is to be established under Cover-Story-W93 ("Supply Shed") to process, document, and monitor its interior contents while diverting civilians.

**Description:** SCP-9363 denotes a two-story structureMost resembling a Late Victorian style home buried 10 meters beneath surface level within the Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge. Though below the water table, SCP-9363 remains entirely intact, with no signs of critical structural damage due to pressure or swamping.

SCP-9363's interior possesses an effect that leaves it and all objects within it clean at all times. The first floor contains a hall, dining room, living room, and kitchen. The second floor contains two bedchambers, a study, and an attached closet.

Upon discovery, SCP-9363 contained a number of objects with similar self-cleaning properties, presumably inherited from SCP-9363.Persisting even when removed from the premises Contents are as follows:

* 1 Cavalry saber

* 1 Naval cutlass

* 1 Henry rifleNo ammunition found

* 27 empty metallic picture frames *(various sizes and materials)*

* 60 silver knivesNo other cutlery found

**Addendum 9363-1:** During a routine sweep of SCP-9363's interior, a hidden compartment was found in the back of SCP-9363's upstairs closet containing a single unframed painting on canvas.Seen Below.

Due to its soiled nature, the painting has been named SCP-9363-1.

**Addendum 9363-2:** Shortly following its discovery, SCP-9363-1 was relocated from the interior of SCP-9363 to the surface for preliminary testing. Basic diagnostic testing showed the object to be functionally non-anomalous by all available measures.Without risking damage to the object. Separately, it was noted that though SCP-9363 was filled with a number of picture frames, SCP-9363-1 would not be able to fit into any of them.

SCP-9363-1 was returned to its point of discovery following testing.

**Incident 9363-A:** A pair of hikersGeorge Grover and Fredrick Paulson were intercepted taking a direct path to SCP-9363's entry point. Field Researcher Sarah LangleyUnder the guise of a park ranger attempted to use Cover-Story-W93d ("Territorial Animal") to redirect them, but this failed, and the pair attempted to pass while dismissing the threat. At this point, Langley noticed the pair were considerably underdressed for the environment and that one was suffering clear symptoms of heatstroke. Emergency medical services were called for a benign evacuation, and the two were taken into Foundation custody soon after.

**Addendum 9363-3:** During a regular check, a fault in the internal structure of SCP-9363 was noted, allowing for pooling within the SCP-9363-1 compartmentPooling failed to breach further into the house. and causing minor damage to the painting. Further risk of damage necessitated permanent relocation of the object to SCP-9363's study.  

**Update Incident 9363-A:** Following the recovery and treatment of the hikers, attempts to identify sources of compulsion or related influences through casual discussion were attempted, though unsuccessful. Comprehensive background checks identified a common hobby in wildlife hikes that they had previously underwent with similar levels of preparation, but due to the less dangerous environs, completed without risk.

**Incident 9363-B:** Due to sudden torrential rainfall, provisional Site-9363 was temporarily rendered unfit for use, forcing staffThree Field researchers, One on-site Containment Specialist. to take refuge within SCP-9363 for an extended duration before rescue became possible. Reports from affected individuals note SCP-9363's effect being beneficial in the administration of first aid, cleaning wounds of dirt, blood, and other swamp-borne debris. Though utilization of the object was not cleared beforehand, influence has been deemed unavoidable under the circumstances.

Following the event, three civilian corpsesIdentified as Leon Fulsom and married couple Greta and Troy Gardner were located within the SCP-9363 perimeter. Individuals were profiled similarly to the hikers from Incident-9363-A, and were similarly underdressed. Further investigation uncovered that the three had previously visited the Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuse as a group 20 years ago.Further information limited.

**Update Incident 9363-B:** One week following Incident 9363-B, Field Researcher John Raymond was medically evacuated due to sudden necrosis across his left leg and lower torso. Investigation into the cause of the illness identified uniform sheets of bacteria ridden debrisConsisting of mud, tainted water, and dry blood buried under his skin.

All researchers were soon recalled for treatment. Two of the three showed early signs of necrotizing fasciitis.

**Incident 9363-C:** During a two week period in which it was staffed by only Field Researcher Sarah LangleyWith on-call support from MTF Chi-404 ("Where we goin'? Who knows?")an unidentified civilian broke into provisional Site-9363. No supplies or records were stolen during the event. Instead, mud and fecal matter were smeared across the walls.No clear pattern. No attempt was made to enter SCP-9363 proper.

Langley attests to have made no contact with the subject, having been within SCP-9363 at the time of the break-in. Investigation ongoing.

**Addendum 9363-4:** Due to the events of Incident 9363-B, it was deemed necessary to complete a more comprehensive analysis of an SCP-9363 effected object. SCP-9363-C21, a random selection from the silver knives stored within the building, was selected for this purpose.

X-ray imaging revealed the knife to be covered by a layer of silver only 1mm thick at thickest points. The knife otherwise consisted of compressed fat, animal meat, dust, mud, wood shavings, and other debris in lesser quantities.

SCP-9363's cleaning properties have been reclassified from relocation-driven to subsumption-driven.

**Incident 9363-D:** A 30 year old man; later identified as Carl Mack, was found collapsed on the side of the I-95 in North Carolina. While hospitalized, Mack was noted to have made repeated attestations that his intended destination had been the Great Dismal Swamp, though it had been approximately 200 miles away from his point of collapse. Foundation plants within the facility noted this and elevated it to the purview of SCP-9363 staff, and Mack was moved into custody.

Throughout questioning, Mack struggled to describe the source of his compulsion, but consistently noted that it was "too cold" where he was before and that others "don't know how hot it is". A background check shows no prior hiking or park exploration interest.

During late stages of questioning, Mack mentioned having been walking with a woman named Maggie, who he professed to be his "undying love." This individual could not be found. Mack was held for further questioning.

**Addendum 9363-5:** During a regular sweep, SCP-9363-1 was found to be secreting a clear fluid. Instead of pooling, the trail of the liquid was found to trace directly to the compartment it had previously been held in. Additionally, the compartment was once again suffering from a leak.

Following this discovery, the leak was repaired and the painting relocated to the lower floor's dining room.

**Updated Incident 9363-D:** Over the following month, similar cases of exhaustion-based roadside collapse occurred in 35 instances across the contiguous United States of America. Foundation plants in roadside locations across the country were alerted to detect and intercept further victims, preventing a further 52 cases from progressing over the next month.

**Addendum 9363-6:** The rate of liquid production by SCP-9363-1 was seen to steadily increase over a month's period, rapidly filling the hidden compartment, then overflowing to the rest of the building. Attempts at pumping the liquid out of the building saw minor success, but only delayed further decisive action.

To better contain the effect, Field Researcher Sarah Langley filed a request to have SCP-9363-1 semi-permanently relocated to provisional Site-9363. This request was greenlit. Liquid production vastly decreased upon relocation.

**Incident 9363-E:** Over the next month, the Western United States began to experience consistently higher amounts of rainfall. Specific instances of muddy water raining from the sky are noted, but not common. Additionally, both the rates of humans being struck by lightning and the chance of humans surviving being struck by lightning, drastically increased during this period.

Due to beliefs of correlation between Addendum 9363-6 and the present anomalous occurrences, Site-9363 staff were commanded to return it to SCP-9363. This was done, though no immediate changes were observed.

**Incident 9363-F:** 105 persons were identified in the general proximity of SCP-9363 approaching from different directions. Once they coalesced, some members began to attack one another, wrestling and brawling, while others began to interact more intimately. Often, subjects were seen to alternate between violence and affection suddenly and without regard for their own physical safety. As this rose in intensity, a marked increase in rainfall and temperature was observed. MTF Chi-404 was rapidly deployed to break up the mob.

Due to the weather conditions, provisional Site-9363 staff were forced to enter SCP-9363 to ensure their safety. Upon entry, the staff identified that an anomalously compelled individual had burrowed into SCP-9363 through a rift in the hidden compartment. Rather than representing a threat, however, it was found convulsing on the floor with its extremities threaded into its midsection, pressing inward until its skin folded inside out, then repeating the process, forming a ring of many-limbed and writhing flesh around its empty center. Due to its lack of maneuverability, this entity was left in place.

The staff remained in the dining room with SCP-9363-1. At this time, SCP-9363-1 had resumed liquid production at a steady rate, rapidly forming a trail similar to that seen in Addendum 9363-5. While handling the object, it was found to cease secretions with direct contact to skin. Due to this, Field Researcher Sarah Langley was tasked with holding the painting for the duration of the event.

Two hours into the event, a secondary cluster of approximately 500 individuals was identified approaching the area, forming slowly into a larger mob, but suddenly ceased moving. Rainfall ceased shortly following this. Chi-404 then began post-event rescue, relocation, and cleanup.

**Addendum 9363-7:** It is unanimously agreed that Sarah Langley destroyed SCP-9363-1 after Chi-404 reported that a second cluster of anomalously-influenced civilians had begun to coalesce. Langley has since been removed from her position.

Following SCP-9363-1's destruction, all anomalous weather and compulsion effects ceased. A comprehensive cover-up was necessary, entailing mass amnesticization of all persons involved and the utilization of Cover-Story-N02 ("Typhoon").

The only persisting effect from Incident 9363-F is the entity that Site-9363 staff identified within the closet, which continues to self-invert.

SCP-9363 has been repaired. Containment continues unimpeded.

<< [SCP-9362](SCP-9362) | SCP-9363 | [SCP-9364](SCP-9364) >>
