Check out [my author page](8B3)

# !!! ~~ WARNING ~~ !!!

---

This document has been flagged for possible theological significance. To prevent accidental Akiva wave propagation, do not discuss or refer to the events, objects, and entities described or alluded to below unless you have completed the required counter-deific training.

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Lead**

Provisional Site-9612

Dr. Milton Kissinger

Dr. Milton Kissinger

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** A containment tent has been constructed around SCP-9612. The area is closed off to civilians under the guise of a long-term scientific experiment. At least one Type 4 individual is to be stationed at Provisional Site-9612 at all times.

**Description:** SCP-9612 is the remains of a bonfire, located in a remote, forested area in [REDACTED], Ohio, USA. The structure is roughly 2.2 meters tall, with a 2x2-meter base. It was constructed in July of 1967.

While in the vicinity of SCP-9612, most individuals will perceive smells, sounds, changes in temperature, and other non-visual sensory experiences as if the object were a functioning bonfire. Approaching SCP-9612 will cause discomfort due to the perceived increase in temperature, but will not result in injury.

When a subject comes into physical contact with SCP-9612, they will immediately enter REM sleep. After awakening, they will begin to experience mind-altering effects, which will persist until the subject either expires or is given amnestic treatment Removing the subject's memories from the time they made contact with the anomaly to the time they regained consciousness appears to counteract the effects. Research into a possible memetic trigger injected during this period is ongoing. . Subjects experience different effects depending on their romantic status and history, and can be categorized into three types:

* **Type 1:** If the subject is presently engaged in a fulfilling romantic relationship, they will become increasingly obsessed with their partner, believing that their relationship is in some way insufficient. This will eventually lead to actions that endanger both the affected subject and their partner.

* **Type 2:** If the subject is dissatisfied with or has recently ended a relationship on negative terms, they will enter a severe depressive state, leading to self-harm and potentially suicide if left unchecked.

* **Type 3:** If the subject is not engaged in a romantic relationship, they will begin to experience occasional hallucinations of a humanoid figure engulfed in flame, appearing in their peripheral vision. These hallucinations will persist until the subject enters a romantic relationship, at which point they will experience the same symptoms as a Type 1 subject.

Individuals who do not experience romantic attraction(referred to as Type 4 subjects) are completely unaffected by SCP-9612's anomalous properties.

**Discovery:** SCP-9612 was discovered in 1990, when Miriam Collins alerted local police of her husband Gregory's erratic behavior. When police arrived at her residence, they found a large fire in their kitchen, made from various objects taken from around the house. Miriam Collins had locked herself in the bathroom, and her husband was attempting to force open the door. He was subsequently detained and held for questioning, leading to the discovery of SCP-9612 and its anomalous properties.

Police also found a set of heavily charred human remains scattered around the anomaly's location, belonging to 17 different individuals. They were later identified as members of the Church of Medea, a transcendentalist group that engaged in anti-war protests and other public demonstrations during the 1960s. All members of the group went missing in July of 1967 The Church of Medea consisted of 19 members. The status of the remaining two is unknown. .

The Foundation became aware of the anomaly soon after its discovery, and quickly took control of the situation. SCP-9612 was secured, the police who discovered it were amnesticized, and Gregory Collins was transferred to Foundation custody.

**Addendum 9612-1:** Interview with Miriam Collins

**Interviewer:** Dr. Milton Kissinger

**Interviewed:** Miriam Collins

---

**<Begin Log>**

*Collins is seated at the interview table, with a glass of water in front of her. Dr. Kissinger enters, causing her to flinch.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** Good evening, Mrs. Collins.

*Dr. Kissinger takes a seat across from Collins.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** I'd like to ask you a few questions about your husband.

**Collins:** What do you want to know?

**Dr. Kissinger:** First, could you tell me exactly when his behavior started to change?

*Pause.*

**Collins:** The first sign was when he came back from his hike. He asked me, "do you think we really love each other enough." I said "yes, of course," and didn't think much of it for a while.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Did he mention anything about this hike?

**Collins:** He did say he had a supernatural encounter. He found a burnt-out fire that was still hot, and when he touched it, he blacked out for a while. I don't put much stock in those kinds of stories, but do you think that's what caused his... episode?

**Dr. Kissinger:** We're examining a number of possibilities. Now, could you tell me about his behavior leading up to the incident?

**Collins:** At first, he just acted a little strange. He would call me from work just to talk, and when we were at home, he refused to be alone. I thought it was sweet, for a while. But as it went on, he started to get more... intense.

**Dr. Kissinger:** What do you mean?

**Collins:** The calls got more frequent. I'd hang up, and then five minutes later, he'd call me again. At home, he wouldn't keep his hands off me. He kept saying "I love you," and if I didn't say it back, he'd scream at me. Sometimes he'd make me say it multiple times, like he didn't believe me.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Thank you. And what about the most recent incident, with the fire?

*Collins takes a drink from her glass of water. She is visibly shaking.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** We can stop for now, if you'd like.

**Collins:** Thank you, but I'll be alright.

*Pause.*

**Collins:** I found the fire when I woke up in the morning. Gregory was there, throwing anything flammable into it. I asked him what the hell he was doing, but he just said, "it's for us," and told me to come closer. I said he was crazy, and called the police. Then he blew up at me, and I had to hide in the bathroom.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Is that everything you'd like to share with us?

**Collins:** Yes, that's everything.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Thank you for your testimony, Mrs. Collins.

**Collins:** What's going to happen to Gregory?

**Dr. Kissinger:** Hard to say. He's currently considered a threat to both himself and others, so we'll keep him in custody for now.

**Collins:** He's not normally like this. I've known him for twenty years, he's a good man. Something must have done this to him.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Like I said, we're considering a few possibilities. We'll get back to you as soon as we have something.

**Collins:** Thank you.

**<End Log>**

**Addendum 9612-2:** Interview with Gregory Collins

**Interviewer:** Dr. Milton Kissinger

**Interviewed:** Gregory Collins

---

*Note: Gregory Collins had been given sedatives prior to the interview due to violent behavior.*

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Kissinger:** Mr. Collins, would you be willing to answer a few questions?

*No response.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** Tell me what happened on your hike, when you encountered the bonfire.

**Collins:** It showed me things.

**Dr. Kissinger:** What kinds of things?

**Collins:** Love. It showed me what real love looks like. What it feels like.

**Dr. Kissinger:** And what does it feel like?

**Collins:** A flame.

*Pause.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** Could you elaborate?

**Collins:** It's bright. It burns.

*Pause.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** Why did you start a fire in your house, Mr. Collins?

**Collins:** For Miriam. To prove our love.

**Dr. Kissinger:** What do you mean?

**Collins:** We would burn together. That's what it means to love.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Wouldn't that kill you?

**Collins:** No!

*Collins slams his fist the table.*

**Collins:** No, if our love was true, then the fire wouldn't let us die. We would be granted sanctuary. We would stay in the fire forever. It would be beautiful. It would be beautiful...

*Collins begins sobbing.*

**Collins:** Miriam... Miriam... why didn't you join me?

*Dr. Kissinger signals security, who enter and re-sedate Collins.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** I think that's enough for today. Thank you, Mr. Collins.

**<End Log>**

*Note: Following this interview, Gregory Collins was administered amnestic treatment. After confirming that his behavior had returned to normal, he was released, and his wife was issued a cover story that his unusual behavior was caused by ingestion of a rare species of mushroom on his hike.*

**Addendum 9612-3:** Interview with D-40840

**Interviewer:** Dr. Milton Kissinger

**Interviewed:** D-40840

---

*Note: D-40840 was selected for testing with SCP-9612 as a Type 2 subject.*

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Kissinger:** D-40840, would you be willing to answer a few questions about the recent test?

*D-40840 nods.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** Good. First, after you fell unconscious, did you experience a dream?

*Pause.*

**D-40840:** I think so.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Do you remember any details?

*Pause.*

**D-40840:** No, sorry.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Very well. And after you woke up, how did you feel?

**D-40840:** I felt... cold. Like there was a block of ice where my heart should be. And I couldn't move, or I guess... I couldn't think of a reason to. If the doctor hadn't ordered me to get up, I don't think I ever would have.

**Dr. Kissinger:** I see. And has that feeling persisted?

**D-40840:** Yeah. Nothing feels worth doing anymore. I'm not even excited about getting out of prison. And I keep thinking....

*Pause.*

**D-40840:** I keep thinking about my ex-wife, and how badly I fucked up. Now, it feels like... like there's nothing left for me.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Is there anything else you think we should know?

*D-40840 shakes his head.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** Thank you, D-40840.

**<End Log>**

*Note: D-40840 was later administered amnestic treatment, successfully reversing his condition.*

**Addendum 9612-4:** Incident Report 9612-A

**Date:** 05/04/1992

**Location:** Provisional Site-9612

**Background:** At the request of Dr. Kissinger, the SCP-9612 research team was provided with a Subconscious Communication Interface(SCI), allowing for two-way communication with an unconscious subject during REM sleep. A test was then conducted using D-79354, a Type 3 subject. He was instructed to touch SCP-9612, causing him to lose consciousness. He was subsequently attached to the SCI, allowing him to report on his experiences. See addendum 9612-7 for the recovered log of this test.

**Description:** After the test concluded and D-79354 regained consciousness, the phrase "join them in the fire" was heard through the site's PA system in a woman's voice. Every individual at the site, with the exception of Junior Researcher Kim Page likely due to her being a Type 4 subject , subsequently entered a trance-like state, and began moving towards SCP-9612. They each made contact with the anomaly, but did not lose consciousness, instead undergoing full-body immolation. Most subjects did not experience any further anomalous effects and died soon after, but those that fit the criteria for a Type 1 subject appeared to vanish a few seconds after immolation. Later investigation showed that each of these subjects' romantic partners underwent the same process, including one who was in New Zealand at the time, over 13,000 km from SCP-9612. After the incident had concluded, Researcher Page sent a distress signal to a nearby Foundation site. Security agents were dispatched, and arrived 30 minutes later.

**Notes:** This description of events is based solely on the testimony of Researcher Page. No other witnesses were found, and all security footage of the incident was deleted before it could be reviewed, due to containing a potent cognitohazard.

**Addendum 9612-5:** Subconscious Communication Log

**<Begin Log>**

**D-79354:** You there, doc?

**Dr. Kissinger:** Affirmative. Can you hear me, D-79354?

**D-79354:** Loud and clear. Damn, you guys have some crazy tech. How the hell does this even work?

**Dr. Kissinger:** Irrelevant. Focus on the task at hand.

**D-79354:** Yeah, yeah, alright.

**Dr. Kissinger:** First, describe your surroundings.

**D-79354:** Let's see... it's nighttime, so I can't see much. It looks like I'm in a forest. There's a bonfire about... 40 feet to my right.

**Dr. Kissinger:** How's the temperature?

**D-79354:** Kinda chilly, but that's mostly because of the wind.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Any notable sensory experiences? Do you hear anything, smell anything, feel anything?

**D-79354:** I can hear the sound of the fire. Damn, it's really loud... even from this distance, it sounds like someone whispering right in my ear. Should I get closer?

**Dr. Kissinger:** Are there any other features of note?

**D-79354:** Nope, just the vague silhouettes of trees. I can't even see the moon.

*Pause.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** Proceed slowly towards the bonfire.

**D-79354:** Roger.

*Silence for 10 seconds.*

**D-79354:** Huh. I mentioned it was windy, but the fire doesn't seem to be moving. Or at least not with the wind.

*Pause.*

**D-79354:** Looks like it's extending upward. There are two... what look like tails made of fire, slowly spinning around above it. It's kind of mesmerizing to watch.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Has the sound gotten any louder?

**D-79354:** Not louder, but... it has gotten clearer, if that makes sense. Like I was hearing it through bad headphones before.

*Pause.*

**D-79354:** That's weird... When I close my eyes, it doesn't sound like fire. It sounds more like... like a voice. Or maybe two voices? It's hard to make out. I can't tell if they're talking, or laughing, or something else. I'll keep getting closer.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Please do.

*Silence for 8 seconds.*

**D-79354:** I'm about seven feet from the bonfire. Jeez, I didn't notice how cold it was. The heat feels really nice.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Anything new to report?

**D-79354:** The sound is still hard to make out. I'm pretty sure it's two voices, and they're whispering, but I don't know what they're saying. And those tails I mentioned... they're growing, forming into shapes. Can't tell what they're supposed to be yet.

**Dr. Kissinger:** Continue to approach. Remember, move slowly.

**D-79354:** Yeah, yeah, I...

*Pause.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** Is everything alright?

**D-79354:** I'm fine. Those shapes, I can tell what they are now. It's two people dancing.

*Pause.*

**D-79354:** I think it's their voices I'm hearing. I can make it out more clearly now, they're...

*Pause. D-79354 begins hyperventilating.*

**Dr. Kissinger:** D-79354, what's happening?

**D-79354:** No, no, no, no, no, no, no...

**Dr. Kissinger:** D-79354, report.

*D-79354's breathing begins to steady.*

**D-79354:** I was wrong.

*D-79354 begins sobbing.*

**D-79354:** They're not whispering. They're screaming.

**<End Log>**

<< [SCP-9611](SCP-9611) | SCP-9612| [SCP-9613](SCP-9613) >>
