[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=SCP-9376[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/popsioaks-garden[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments=

= **SCP-9376** - Back To Where You Came From

---

---

= **Image Credits**

https://foundation.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sind_Sparrow_(Passer_pyrrhonotus)-_Male_at_Sultanpur_I_Picture_178.jpg is published under CC-BY-SA 3.0 by J.M.Garg.

]]

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Item Designation:** SCP-9376

**Classification:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Populations of SCP-9376 are to be monitored for potential environmental risks. Drastic action has been approved in the event SCP-9376 behaves like an invasive species. The size and nature of SCP-9376 means that risk of discovery is minimal. In the event that SCP-9376 instances are discovered, those responsible are to be discredited via counter-reporting in print, digital, and social media. Amnestics, if necessary, will be administered.

Locating SCP-9376-2 is currently possible via SCP-9376-1 instances. Confirmed instances of SCP-9376 found outside of its native range are to be neutered and spayed. If an SCP-9376 instance is found dead, its remains are to be cremated.

---

**PLEASE NOTE:** *In situ* experiments with SCP-9376-2 are currently paused. See notice below.

---

**Description:** SCP-9376 are specific flocks of Sind sparrows *(Passer pyrrhonotus)* located around the world. SCP-9376 instances display low-level reality manipulation capabilities. Though exact details of how they accomplish this are currently unknown, SCP-9376 do not appear to be capable of affecting substances, items, or entities any heavier than the instance’s weight.

SCP-9376 typically utilizes these abilities for transporting themselves, previously digested food, or collected nesting materials. To an observer, this appears to be spontaneous appearance at a new site. Foundation instruments have not detected any anomalies typically associated with localized instant transport.

SCP-9376 have been found in both native habitats of *P. pyrrhonotus*,  In regions historically considered part of the Indus River Valley.  as well as in small populations in major metropolitan areas in the continental United States, United Kingdom, Spain, Italy, and Australia. The means by which SCP-9376 expanded its range across oceans and continents in habitats that would otherwise be hostile to *P. pyrrhonotus* are unclear, but genetic analyses show evidence of an unknown period of migration. 

Autopsies performed on deceased SCP-9376 populations show native (designated SCP-9376-1) and non-native populations (designated SCP-9376-2) having no significant anatomical or physiological differences. Both function as normal, suggesting any variable biological success is due to behavioral adaptation. SCP-9376-2 instances are *significantly* more successful across all biological metrics in comparison to SCP-9376-1 populations. Of particular note are the following:

SCP-9376-2 spend nearly two-thirds of their waking hours collecting food and nesting materials. Via tagging, collected materials are shown to be extraspatially transported to SCP-9376-1 populations, with -2 populations keeping less than a fifth.

In addition, mating frequently occurs between -1 and -2 populations. The native instance is typically female and via unknown means, transports itself to its mate, adopting a new geographical range and converting its biology in the process. This mating occurs at incredibly fast rates; offspring are produced at three times the rate of nonanomalous *P. pyrrhonotus,* and offspring are 30 percent more likely to survive into adulthood.

Songs of SCP-9376-2 resemble those of New World sparrows (Passerellidae family). Instances with higher accuracy in mimicked song display greater ranges, increased fitness, and behaviors similar to those of other New World birds. Those that display lower accuracy in mimicked song and behavior are frequently attacked without significant injury or death by local, native birds. Specific SCP-9376-2 instances have displayed increased forms of mimicry, extending to near-perfect mimicry of local, native birds (see Discovery).

In spite of this danger, SCP-9376-2 instances do not return to native ranges.

---

**Discovery**

---

Foundation paraornithologists discovered SCP-9376-2 following amateur birdwatchers in Manhattan, New York, reporting birds of prey exhibiting abnormal behavior.

Upon reporting to the site, a flock of 32 SCP-9376-2 instances were discovered mimicking American kestrels (*Falco sparverius*), a typically solitary bird. Following capture, testing, and minimal training, instances were utilized by Foundation scientists to locate further SCP-9376 instances both in -1 and -2 ranges. This is currently the only approved means of locating SCP-9376 due to its near-perfect accuracy.

Of all SCP-9376-2 instances found, only 8% are capable of mimicking native birds' appearance. All of these instances were former SCP-9376-1 instances, and not offspring of SCP-9376-2. These have required minimal training to function as Foundation assets and exhibit exceptional drive to assist in locating SCP-9376-2. 

---

**Notice**

---

*In situ* experiments were performed to examine two questions of Foundation paraornithologists. These resulted in termination of experimentation with SCP-9376-2 instances in -1 ranges. 

Experiments designed to determine SCP-9376’s spatial manipulation capabilities have all failed. At the time of writing, no instruments can detect typical signs of spontaneous transportation or spatial anomalies during SCP-9376 departure or arrival.

Attempts to return migrated SCP-9376-2 to a native environment have failed. If a migrated specimen resides in native environments for over three months, local instances of SCP-9376-1 brutally attack it, causing death in all circumstances. This extended to offspring of SCP-9376-2 instances, with increasing severity and earlier onset across successive generations. This is not seen if SCP-9376-1 are brought to -2 environments. 

Birdsong analysis suggests SCP-9376-2 are no longer recognized as members of *P. pyrrhonotus* by both SCP-9376-1 and non-anomalous native populations. This occurs in spite of SCP-9376-2 instances both trying and succeeding to show perfectly native behavior. 

It is still unknown how -1 and -2 instances differentiate each other.

<< [SCP-9375](SCP-9375) | SCP-9376 | [SCP-9377](SCP-9377) >>
