---

### Anomalous Item 1801

**Item Description:** A small 1 ounce bottle of shampoo labeled "Spa Fantastique Shampoo-Conditioner". When fully emptied, the bottle refills itself to full within 3 minutes.

**Date of Recovery:** 1/02/2005

**Location of Recovery:** A business hotel in [REDACTED], California

**Current Status:** In the Storage Wing of Site-199. Personnel wishing to use Item 1801 must file a request form through Storage Wing Head Dr. Steele.

---

> **Diary Entry 3/23/07**

> 

> I just got the news! Yesterday, Dr. Marcus told me that I will be promoted to Researcher and will start work effective the 25th! 

>

>Honestly, I can't believe this didn't come sooner.  How long did they take to deliberate over my presentation? Oh well, I guess I'm competing with so many others.

> 

> Maybe its the shampoo from 1801 giving me luck. The future is looking bright!

>

> Kaylee

<details>
<summary>+ Iteration 9051-1</summary>

**Item #:** SCP-9051

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9051 is to be kept in a storage container in the Low-Risk Security Wing of Site-199. Personnel wishing to test SCP-9051 and the abilities of SCP-9051-A must direct all requests to Researcher Stevenson. 

**Description:** SCP-9051 is a 1 fluid ounce elliptical bottle labeled "Spa Therapy Shampoo". The fluid inside the bottle has been identified as identical to non-anomalous shampoo. The fluid within the bottle can be removed and used as shampoo. However, SCP-9051 can never be fully emptied.

When opened, SCP-9051 will also generate SCP-9051-A, an entity made out of same fluid inside SCP-9051 within a 3 meter spherical radius of its location. The entity is capable of emitting gurgling noises, but cannot move, speak or demonstrate any other indications of sapience. Anyone also in the 3 meter spherical radius with SCP-9051-A will report mild distress and headaches when hearing the gurgles emitted by the entity. Staying within this radius for three minutes or longer will cause subjects affected by SCP-9051-A to lose consciousness. This loss of consciousness usually entails the subject immediately fainting.

**Addendum 01-Discovery:** SCP-9051 was discovered in a hotel room in [REDACTED], California on 1/2/2005, after an "infinite shampoo bottle" had been reported by a businessman staying in the room. The businessman and hotel staff were amnesticized after the object was secured. SCP-9051 was brought back to Site-199 and initially given the designation of Anomalous Object 1801 (now classified as Iteration 9051-0). At time of discovery, SCP-9051 had the property to refill itself within five minutes of being emptied. 

**Addendum 02-Updated Properties:** On 3/25/2007, a Junior Researcher wishing to use SCP-9051 discovered that its previous properties had been changed to the current iteration. SCP-9051-A manifested when SCP-9051 was opened, causing the Junior Researcher to be affected by SCP-9051-A's audio-hazardous properties for one minute. 

SCP-9051 was given its current designation and permanent containment was moved from the Storage Wing to the Containment Wing. 

#### Conversation recorded between Researcher Kaylee Stevenson and Site Containment Wing Head Dr. Jacob Marcus, 4/02/09

---

*Dr. Stevenson enters an elevator where Dr. Marcus is already standing. The elevator doors close. Dr. Stevenson claps Dr. Marcus on the shoulder. Dr. Marcus is observed sighing.*

**Stevenson:** How are you, Dr. Marcus?!

**Marcus:** Pretty well. 

*They ride in silence for about 10 seconds.*

**Stevenson:** I just turned in the newest reports on 9051. This thing doesn't require too much testing, but we're making progress on understanding the audio-hazard. 

**Marcus:** That's great.

**Stevenson:** The shampoo is also still pretty usable. I use it every day now!

**Marcus:** You're sure that stuff's really not anomalous?

**Stevenson:** Please, I ran a week of testing on that! D-Class all loved it. Oh, I also volunteered to help watch over some of Dr. Steele's Junior Researchers. Can't believe its been only two years since I was one of them!

**Marcus:** Mhm.

**Stevenson:** How do *you* think my work was over the past week?

**Marcus:** Oh, very productive, very organized and very effective. You continue to be one of our most hardworking Researchers.

**Stevenson:** Oh, that's great! Does that mean I've stood out to you a lot?

* Dr. Marcus sighs again.*

**Marcus:** That is the least subtle way anyone's asked for a packet approval.

**Stevenson:** So you'll do one? I can count that its been exactly four years and three months since I joined and I still haven't gotten a large position!

**Marcus:** Be patient with me for once, Stevenson. Remember who's still above you.

*The elevator doors open. Dr. Marcus gets out.*

#### Conversation recorded between Site Storage Wing Head Dr. Lucille Steele and Site Containment Wing Head Dr. Jacob Marcus, 4/28/10

---

*Dr. Steele and Dr. Marcus are in Dr. Marcus's office.*

**Marcus:** And every time she runs into me, she somehow manages to bring it up! I don't know what the deal is with her and getting promoted!

**Steele:** She wasn't this bad when she was under me back then.

**Marcus:** That's because she wasn't high enough to be this annoying! And now I'm stuck with her damn promotion packet again and she's actually qualified to move up!

**Steele:** Why don't you just promote her and give her a different set of anomalies? Then she'll have even more work to do.

**Marcus:** That won't work. She doesn't want to admit it, but I know she's gotten super attached to 9051. If I take her off of it she'll keep on complaining about that!

*There is silence for a bit.*

**Steele:** So, are you going to approve her packet?

> **Diary Entry 5/01/10**

> 

> Why am I still stuck with this one stupid anomaly?! I could be managing the whole site with the way I work! The shampoo isn't even that great anymore.

>

> Dr. Marcus will see sense. I hope he will. If he doesn't, I'll just make him. 

>

> I can still see a bright future ahead of me! Just have to keep showing off my stuff!

>

> Kaylee

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Iteration 9051-2</summary>

**Item #:** SCP-9051

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9051 is to be kept in a Low-Risk cell at least 3 meters wide on all sides at Site-199. A non-audio recording security camera has been installed in SCP-9051's cell by the request of Senior Researcher Stevenson. 

**Description:** SCP-9051 is a 1 fluid ounce bottle of clear shampoo labeled "Intense Scrub Solution". The fluid inside the bottle has been identified as identical to non-anomalous shampoo. The fluid within the bottle cannot be removed.

When opened, SCP-9051 will generate SCP-9051-A, an blob-shaped entity made out of same fluid inside SCP-9051 within a 3 meter spherical radius of its location. The entity is capable of emitting vague coherent vocalizations, and can move within the 3 meter spherical radius designated above.

SCP-9051-A is now capable of manifesting tentacles made out of the same shampoo material. Tentacle manifestation started during testing on 5/3/10, when Senior Researcher Kaylee Stevenson was newly promoted and took control of D-Class testing. Anyone who remains within the 3 meter spherical radius will be terminated by SCP-9051-A by way of these tentacles within one minute.

Research is pending into a possible connection between SCP-9051 and Senior Researcher Kaylee Stevenson, led by Site Containment Head Dr. Jacob Marcus. 

**Addendum 01-Video Logs:**

#### Video Footage in SCP-9051's Containment Cell, 5/05/10

---

*Dr. Stevenson and D-1003 enter the cell of SCP-9051. Dr. Stevenson stands at the front wall of the cell. D-1003 walks up to SCP-9051. D-1003 unscrews the cap of SCP-9051.*

*SCP-9051-A manifests in its new form and swiftly moves towards D-1003. D-1003 turns around, but Dr. Stevenson motions for them to stay.*

*After one minute, SCP-9051-A stabs at D-1003 with its tentacles. D-1003 rolls out of the way of one but is terminated quickly by another. Dr. Stevenson writes something down on a small notepad and leaves the cell.*

#### Video Footage in SCP-9051's Containment Cell, 5/10/10

---

*Dr. Stevenson and two security officers enter the cell of SCP-9051. The two security officers (here designated as Officer #1 and Officer #2), presumably at Dr. Stevenson's request, take out batons. Dr. Stevenson stands at the front wall of the cell.*

*Officer #1 walks up to and unscrews the cap of SCP-9051. SCP-9051-A manifests and swiftly moves towards the security officers. Officer #2 swings at one of SCP-9051-A's tentacles with their baton. It cannot pass through the tentacle.*

*After one minute, SCP-9051-A terminates the two officers with its tentacles. Dr. Stevenson writes something down on a small notepad and leaves the cell looking visibly excited.*

#### Video Footage in SCP-9051's Containment Cell, 5/13/10

---

*Dr. Stevenson and Dr. Marcus enter the cell of SCP-9051. They look both visibly agitated.*

*The two stand in the cell of SCP-9051 presumably arguing for 10 minutes. Dr. Stevenson throws her hands up wildly and points to her nametag several times in these 10 minutes. Dr. Marcus  points out the door to where security officers are standing several times in these 10 minutes. Dr. Marcus is also seen mouthing the words "breaking" and "uncalled for" several times.*

*After 5 more minutes of silence, Dr. Stevenson storms out. Dr. Marcus follows.*

#### Video Footage in SCP-9051's Containment Cell, 5/16/10

---

*Dr. Marcus enters the cell of SCP-9051. He goes and unscrews the cap of SCP-9051. SCP-9051-A manifests.*

*Dr. Marcus makes no movements of resistance.*

*SCP-9051-A swiftly terminates Dr. Marcus with its tentacles after one minute.*

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Iteration 9051-3</summary>

**Item #:** SCP-9051

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** There are no containment procedures necessary to stop the reemergence of SCP-9051, as SCP-9051-1 has voluntarily agreed to stay away from the Foundation.

**Description:** SCP-9051 was an ontokinetic mind-altering phenomenon generated between two parts: SCP-9051-1 and SCP-9051-2.

SCP-9051-1 is Dr. Kaylee Stevenson, a 40-year-old Caucasian female and former Senior Researcher of Site-99 before her resignation on May 21st, 2010. 

SCP-9051-2 was a 1 oz bottle containing a fluid identical to non-anomalous shampoo. The object exhibited evolving conjuration effects that manifested coinciding with the dates of SCP-9051-1's promotions through different Foundation staff positions. SCP-9051-2 was originally designated as Anomalous Item 1801 for Iteration 9051-0 and then as SCP-9051 for Iterations 9051-1 and 9051-2. 

The fluid contained within SCP-9051-2 is hypothesized to have drastically affected SCP-9051-1's mental state in regards to promotion. When confronted with the topic of promotion, SCP-9051-1 exhibited behaviors that were increasingly more agitated and child-like. This mental effect ceased on 5/16/10, coinciding with the termination of Site Containment Wing Head Dr. Jacob Marcus by an entity manifested from SCP-9051-2. 

SCP-9051-1 has been amnesticized and permanently disavowed from the Foundation.

SCP-9051-2 now presents no anomalous effects. 

> **Diary Entry 5/20/10**

> 

> It wasn't fair. It just wasn't fair!

>

> Why did the anomaly have to hurt him? He actually liked me.

>

> He actually helped me go far. 

>

> No, he was the one who promoted me all that time and got me fired.

>

> He got himself killed.

>

> Why was nothing fair to me at that dang place?

>

> I'm never going back.

</details>

<< [SCP-9050](SCP-9050) | SCP-9051 | [SCP-9052](SCP-9052) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
