**Item #:** SCP-9513

**Object Class:** Apollyon

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9513 is to be prevented at all costs. All foundation resources available are currently allocated towards determining the nature of and preventing SCP-9513.

Any individual suspected to have experienced an 9513-ETA event is to be detained, thoroughly questioned on their experiences, and amnesticized.

All proposals towards the prevention of SCP-9513 are to be forwarded to the 05 council. Proposals are to be regularly drafted and experimented with. Induction of 9513-ETA is only to occur during testing, personnel within [the Department of Tactical Theology](tactical-theology-hub) are to be notified of the current state and location of SCP-9513-1 in order to avoid accidental observation.

All records of 9513-ETA instances are to be confiscated and documented.

**Description:** SCP-9513 is a ritual set to take place on 07/17/2026 that is believed to lead to the incursion of one or more hostile higher presences into reality, as well as harm to coherent function of the universe up to and including a ZK-class reality failure scenario.

A 9513-ETA event refers to one of a series of hallucinations, dreams, prophecies, and other forms of premonition depicting SCP-9513. 9513-ETA events occur worldwide and are entirely at random in whom they affect. The frequency of 9513-ETA events has increased over time, theorised to correlate with the approaching date of SCP-9513.

The contents of 9513-ETA events vary wildly, however the subject experiencing the event universally comes to the understanding that SCP-9513 is going to occur, the date on which it will occur, and that it will cause a fundamental alteration to reality.

SCP-9513 has strong associations with the concepts of rituals, livestock, and consumption.

**Addendum 9513-1:** Transcript of instance 9513-ETA-2841

Passage 9513-ETA-2841 was recovered from a dream journal kept by amateur historian Percival Wilkins. It is attached below.

> 01/26/2021 - I found myself in a hideous city of wide streets and bizarre pseudo-roman architecture, all in flamboyant and hideous stone. Despite that I had gone to sleep cold that night, the oversized and naked sun in my dreamscape was enough to make me break out in a sweat.

> 

> People shambled about the street, I could never make out anyone's features, only that they were draped in brightly coloured rags and garb brandishing symbols and icons that I'd never known, hideous fearful images and colours of death and warfare. I never drew too close to them, they vocalised loudly although their voices were never quite distinguishable from the music echoing down the streets.

> 

> I had to trudge through the music and the heat, there was a building at the centre of it all, I did not want to approach it but I had to, over the horizon came an unsettling and chilling shape, it looked something like an apple pie if all the good and comfort had been sucked out through a straw. it cast a shadow that didn't quite reach the ground, the wet ground around it seemed to move and glow slightly.

> 

> As the building itself came into view I realised what I was looking at was a kind of amphitheatre, the source of all the screams and delights, a mixture of plastic and flesh built up its outer shell, adorned by scalids of bone and metal pillars embracing it, lifting it to meet the sky and mock anything stuck between it and the cruel star burning the land dry.

> 

> I did not want to go inside. I did not want to stay outside. I was overcome with despair and it didn't matter none of it mattered. I was inside now and the screaming was louder than ever. The inside had these rings of seats and they were lined by massive tubes that pulsed, I knew what these were, they all lead down to the middle where there was the game everyone loved. Several nude figures all eight foot or higher wrestled and bit each other, their faces and teeth weren't human anymore, had bits of pigs stitched onto them and lumps of uneven flesh because they were not meant to exist and shouldn't be.

> 

> There was a sort of shadow to every movement, the kind you get when you know you're being recorded. The game was being watched by another presence, the one this stadium was built for and that happened to let us be present. It was enjoying every second of this.

> 

> Eventually one of them had eaten and pulled apart all the rest and the crowd cheered. I realised all of this had been a game, that's where I was, the city of games, and the pig-man devouring itself infront of us was the winner. I joined in the cheering and we all tossed bits of meat into the ring, they might have come from me or my friends next to me. I woke up when all of me had finally become a part of the city of games.

> 

> My room is barren. The shelves of books over my head felt like they'd crush me when I woke up, they were waiting to bury me whole. My head pounds, I don't know how or why but I am still confident that was nothing like any of my other dreams. It took me half an hour to turn on the news, because I'm scared the city of games has already been built. I just hope it doesn't swallow me.

Passage 9513-ETA-2841 demonstrates various common motifs in 9513-ETA instances, namely the focus on swine, consumption, and competition. Wilkins showed signs of sincere belief in a doomsday event and when provided with a calendar for 2026 was able to identify the projected date of SCP-9513.

**Addendum 9513-2 - Research timeline:**

**06/10/2020:** SCP-9513 is discovered after reports of seemingly connected dreams and hallucinations are uncovered by foundation agents embedded in psychological wellbeing services. Standard timeline analysis reveals the anomaly to existentially threaten normalcy to the extent an Apollyon classification is warranted.

**07/25/2020:** Researchers begin collecting record of 9513-ETA for study.

**04/12/2021:** Analysis of 9513-ETA instances have yielded the commonality that all instances depict two elements:

* A competition of some sort, believed to be the ritual SCP-9513

* An indescribable observer to the competition, known as SCP-9513-1

It is currently believed that SCP-9513-1 is the entity responsible for the occurrence of SCP-9513.

**09/19/2021:** Astronomical readings of Akiva radiation indicate a large, profane presence is surrounding earth's atmosphere. All who view these readings directly suffer vivid and debilitating hallucinatory instances of 9513-ETA shortly after. This presence has been tentatively classified as a manifestation of SCP-9513-1.

**10/27/2022:** An attempt was made by theological researchers to enter communion with SCP-9513-1. Using various motifs found across 9513-ETA instances, a ritual was put together by foundation theologists with the intent of seeking information from SCP-9513-1 on its nature.

Upon attempting the ritual, all staff involved underwent sudden 9513-ETA events, monitoring equipment was destroyed by manifestation of brine in essential components, and the bucket of viscera used for the ritual was transmuted into a thick pink sludge substance that showed Akiva readings immediately hazardous to nearby lifeDisposed of in accordance with standard unholy substance protocol.. Agent ███████, the primary conduit used in the ritual, was able to transcribe a message following recovery, transcribing the words "NOT READY(sic)".

Attempts to repeat the ritual have resulted in similar outcomes, no further information has been gained.

**05/11/2023:** A proposal was put forward to [DATA EXPUNGED]. After four weeks of deliberation the proposal was rejected by unanimous vote from the 05 council after a study on [DATA EXPUNGED] uncovered the risk that the resultant organism(s) may carry out SCP-9513.

**03/06/2025:** Various groups of interest announced truces with one another and the foundation in order to focus on combatting the increasing threat of SCP-9513. Every major anomalous organisation had reported members undergoing 9513-ETA experiences.

**05/30/2026:** A meeting was held among the 05 council in order to discuss proposals and actions regarding SCP-9513. Ultimately, none of the 184 proposals given by higher members of foundation staff over the last five years were determined to be actionable and likely to work.

Ultimately the decision was made to monitor global Akiva fields in order to detect any abnormalities and assemble a large scale tactical response to SCP-9513.

> **Timeline of anomalous events on 07/17/2026**

>

> **0000**

> Day begins. Global Akiva field monitoring is in effect, no sudden changes in SCP-9513-1 behaviour reported.

> 

> **0100**

> No notable changes. Many personnel suffer induced instances of 9513-ETA after directly reading Akiva measurements.

> 

> **0600**

> No significant change. Major infighting erupts among anomalous groups, several key figures begin accuse other groups of staging SCP-9513.

> 

> **1200**

> Critical personnel suffering from 9513-ETA as a result of viewing SCP-9513-1 readings causes several key sites to begin experiencing containment breaches. SCP-9513 response force is scaled back as high amounts of manpower are needing to re-contain and secure breaching anomalies.

> 

> **1230**

> SCP-9513-1 begins concentrating on a field in Canner's Brook, Texas, combative response authorised, forces approach the field.

> 

> **1245**

> Agents nearby attempting to establish a perimeter around the field suffer debilitating 9513-ETA instances.

> 

> **1250**

> A group of fifteen local civilians begin moving towards the focal point of SCP-9513-1. Agents not yet incapacitated by 9513-ETA attempt to open fire on targets, however efforts universally fail to either firearm malfunction, inability to aim, or spontaneous mutilation.

> 

> **1300**

> All fifteen civilians arrive at the focal point of SCP-9513-1. SCP-9513 commences, see transcript.

> **Transcript SCP-9513**Video footage obtained from the phone of an audience member.

> 

> *Various members of the group stand in a crude circle around a large wheeled table in the centre of the field, another pushes a small platform carrying a speaker set attached by cable to a battered laptop. Two men, William Han and Dan Blake step forward, taking seats far apart. A large amount of hot dogs are placed on the table. Local high school gym teacher Gregory Heinz, wearing a hot dog costume, begins to speak.*

> 

> **Heinz:** Alright dogdevils, I'm sure all of you know why you're here. The Canner's Brook hotdog tournament has been a grueling contest, each of us here have all put our blood, sweat, tears spit and wieners into this game. Its about time for the final showdown, which of these too men will make it frank-further?

> 

> *There is a silence faintly disturbed by distant screams, which go unheard by the competitors.*

> 

> **Han:** Ha, got anything to say?

> 

> **Blake:** I'm gonna crush you ya know.

> 

> *Several audience members look disapprovingly at Blake*

> 

> **Heinz:** Alright, let the games begin.

> 

> *The two contestants begin consuming large amounts of hotdogs, the speaker set begins to loudly play a Youtube advertisement before playing a faux-Nordic chant set over drums. Later identified as "Royalty free Epic battle music (10 hours)".*

> 

> *After consuming fifteen hotdogs, Han briefly pauses. During this pause Blake consumes two full hotdogs at in rapid succession. Han resumes, while Blake's rate of consumption begins to slow substantially. After twenty-five hotdogs Blake pauses and puts his hotdog down. Han devours several hotdogs in rapid succession until he has eaten a total of thirty at which point he sits down. The audience cheers loudly.*

> 

> **Heinz:** We have a winner everyone!

> 

> *Akiva signals rapidly fluctuate and increase to normal levels for the area.*

Following the conclusion of SCP-9513, 9513-ETA ceased to occur and SCP-9513-1 was unable to be located. Deaths indirectly attributed to SCP-9513 currently number 515 foundation personnel and 1290 civilians killed by containment breaches and direct containment efforts.

No further anomalous activity related to SCP-9513 has occurred since its conclusion. Reclassification pending.

<< [SCP-9512](SCP-9512) | SCP-9513 | [SCP-9514](SCP-9514) >>
