**Item #:** SCP-9957

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9957 is to be contained in a chamber with a singular doorway that is to be locked at all times unless in case of approved testing. It is currently adhered to a gatorboard fixed to a wall in its containment chamber. The eight-verse poem inscribed on SCP-9957 is to be securely covered with an opaque sheet. Personnel may view and read the poem via photographs or recordings freely. However, removal of the sheet and verbally reading the poem while directly observing SCP-9957 is restricted outside of supervisory approval. A minimum of two personnel must be present within a 10-meter radius of SCP-9957 during the removal of the opaque covering. 

**Description:** SCP-9957 is a sheet of ordinary paper spanning 8.5 feet in length and 6.5 feet in width. It depicts an 8-verse poem along with an illustration, drawn with colored pencil (as confirmed by SCP-9957-1), of SCP-9957-1 mounted upon SCP-9957-2. 

SCP-9957-1 is a humanoid figure in a suit possessing a bicycle tire of an unknown make in place of where the head would conventionally be. SCP-9957-2 is a bicycle with a frame constructed from blue and pink metallic rods. The handlebars consist of an anomalous instance of a *Corallus caninus* specimen with one head at each end of its body. The front wheel assembly consists of a miniature zebra head constructed of resin; the rear wheel assembly consists of a miniature giraffe head of the same material. Small wheels are fixed at the bottom of both heads.  

The portion of text written on SCP-9957 reads the following:

Oh wondrous bike, oh wondrous man

Art in its very form 

Come hither here, yes, hither here

Listen to my song!

Bring about that color forth

In black stripes and pink rods

Express what you are

By singing me your song!

When the poem on SCP-9957 is fully and continuously read aloud, regardless of the span of time it takes, by an individual who is directly observing it, then its anomalous property would be exhibited provided certain conditions. SCP-9957 and the reader must both be in the same room, and a singular unlocked door must be within 10 meters of SCP-9957 and the reader. The enclosed space on both sides of the door must at least be big enough to accommodate SCP-9957-1, SCP-9957-2, and the reader. 

If multiple individuals are present within the 10 meter radius, then no anomalous activity would be exhibited. Subjects who read SCP-9957 via photograph or audio recording do not trigger the anomaly. If all conditions are met, on the opposite side of the door, a large resin zebra head, approximately 2 meters in height and width, would suddenly manifest. Knocking would be heard inside the zebra head. 33 seconds later, the zebra's mouth would open and SCP-9957-1, mounted upon SCP-9957-2, would cycle out. 

SCP-9957-1 would always proceed to interact with the subject that read SCP-9957, being able to speak, hear, and seemingly see them, regardless of its lack of a conventional head. Interactions could result in varied reality-altering anomalous effects to the subject, leading to possible malformation, death, or disappearance. SCP-9957-2 possess reality-altering properties as well, although the extent of these properties, for both SCP-9957-2 and SCP-9957-1, are unknown.

When the interaction with the subject concludes, SCP-9957-1 would return to the opposite side of the door, close it behind them, and enter the large zebra head, which would then vanish. Attempts to track its whereabouts or understand the process of manifestation have been inconclusive.

Below, notable tests where all conditions were met are listed (see Addendum 9975.A).

**Addendum 9975.A:** 

= **Test Log 9975.01**

---

**Date:** 2024/02/12

**Subject:** D-10203

---

[BEGIN LOG]

[33 seconds after D-10203 read the text aloud, SCP-9957-1 entered the testing chamber through the door, mounted upon SCP-9957-2. SCP-9957-1 dismounted SCP-9957-2 and waved at D-10203.]

**SCP-9957-1:** Hello there! You have an incredible voice, did you know? I invite you to ride this bike. It looks wonderful, doesn't it?

**D-10203:** I’m not surprised at this point. A man with a tire on his head. What else did I expect in a place like this? What if I don't ride your stupid bike? Do I even have a choice?

**SCP-9957-1:** Do you really not want to ride this bike? Look at how it looks. Have you seen a bike like this before? Its seat is extremely comfortable!

**D-10203:** I don't want to ride it. 

**SCP-9957-1:** What will you lose? You are trapped in this place like a puppet, I believe, and you refuse to have a bit of fun? 

[D-10203 was told via an earpiece to comply. D-10203 approached and sat on SCP-9957-2. The two-headed *Corallus caninus* constricted D-10203’s hands in place. D-10203’s head was firmly grabbed by SCP-9957-1. D-10203’s head began to transfigure into a deformed horse’s head composed of resin, similar in size to the zebra and the giraffe situated on SCP-9957-2. The horse's head was missing its nose and mouth. It was removed with a slight pull by SCP-9957-1, revealing a small wheel fixed to the bottom of the head. No blood or any form of struggle was observed. D-10203’s neck stump was flat, barring no avulsive disfiguration. The transverse plane of the neck stump appeared to be made entirely of a pink-colored metal, with an appropriately shaped hole in the center where the tire was secured.]

**SCP-9957-1:** This one is nice! The zebra was getting a bit old. Don't you worry, however, my dear zebra, you'll be back and ready to go in a couple of days. 

[SCP-9957-1 detached the zebra head and fixed the horse head in its location. SCP-9957-1 mounted SCP-9957-2 with the zebra head clutched under its arm, returning through the door and closing it behind them. D-10203 was later confirmed deceased. The anomalous alterations sustained by D-10203 were permanent. An autopsy showcased that the pink metal had replaced all anatomical structures present under the skin of D-10203’s neck. The remainder of D-10203’s body was ordinary in nature.]

[END LOG]

= **Test Log 9975.02**

---

**Date:** 2024/02/13

**Subjects:** D-4455, D-7070, and D-6565

**Preamble:** The purpose of this test was to examine what would occur if SCP-9957-1 was forcefully exposed to multiple subjects simultaneously. D-4455 was first to interact with SCP-9957-1. D-7070 and D-6565 were told to only enter the testing chamber when instructed.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

[33 seconds after D-4455 read the text aloud, SCP-9957-1 entered the testing chamber through the door, mounted upon SCP-9957-2. The transfigured horse’s head acquired from D-10203 remained on SCP-9957-2.]

**SCP-9957-1:** I could tell from your face that you had an awful day. That's quite unfortunate.

[At that moment, D-7070 and D-6565 were sent into the testing chamber. SCP-9957-1 looked around the testing chamber, seemingly locating a camera positioned on the eastern wall. SCP-9957-1 turned toward the camera.]

**SCP-9957-1:** You all suck. You are trying to cheat your way through the fun of it. What's the point in breaking the nice order that I've set up? It makes it all meaningless. 

[SCP-9957-1, remaining mounted on SCP-9957-2, returned through the door and closed it behind them. D-4455, D-7070, and D-6565 were left unharmed.]

[END LOG]

---

**Researcher note, Dr. Gergana Boris, 2024/02/13**

So it seems that SCP-9957-1 simply refuses to interact with us any further when we break its manifestation conditions. It's interesting how all subjects remained alive. I am wondering if breaking its manifestation conditions would always result in subjects being unharmed, or perhaps SCP-9957-1 would grow increasingly irritated over time and eventually terminate them. 

**— Dr. Boris**

---

= **Test Log 9975.03**

---

**Date:** 2024/02/16

**Subject:** D-56001

**Preamble:** The door hinges within the testing chamber were designed to unlatch via a remote device. 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

[33 seconds after D-56001 read the text aloud, SCP-9957-1 entered the testing chamber through the door, mounted upon SCP-9957-2. The transfigured horse head that was present on SCP-9957-2 had been replaced by the original zebra head.]

**SCP-9957-1:** Hello, sir! How are you doing today?

**D-56001:** I’m doing alright. 

**SCP-9957-1:** Alright only? Why not great? Eh, a bit of an obvious answer to that, to be honest. 

[The door hinges were remotely unlatched, and the door fell to the floor. SCP-9957-1 looked back and shook the tire on its neck left and right, as if shaking its head.]

**SCP-9957-1:** Great! Ruining everything left and right, are we?

[SCP-9957-1 dismounted SCP-9957-2 and approached the door, lifting it and aligning it with the wall frame. SCP-9957-1 rubbed the edges of both the door and the wall frame with its fingers. 32 metallic chains, green in coloration, emerged from both surfaces (16 per side). Chains were approximately a centimeter wide and 3 centimeters long, terminating in a hinged clasp mechanism. SCP-9957-1 clasped all 32 chains together, reattaching the door to the wall.]

**SCP-9957-1:** That mildly annoyed me, but I’m still fired up! Let's continue this, why don't we?

[The zebra head opened its mouth and screamed at D-56001. The subject began shaking, and both of his hands merged together, forming a singular mechanical keyboard with a 2 x 2 inch slot at the bottom. SCP-9957 began typing on the keyboard, and a slab of wax was ejected from the slot, inscribed on it the words “Close door in 10 seconds.” SCP-9957-1 clapped its hands quickly, and the zebra head spit out a piece of paper with an illustration supposedly depicting D-56001 and their altered hands. SCP-9957-1 ran to the door, with SCP-9957-2 cycling on its own and following behind. 10 seconds after the wax slab was ejected, the door closed on its own. The altered hands of D-56001 were permanent. Researchers inputted various commands onto the mechanical keyboard for testing purposes, although no anomalous phenomena were exhibited.]

[END LOG]

---

**Researcher note, Dr. Gergana Boris, 2024/02/16**

I guess that breaking the manifestation conditions has no say on the safety of the subjects. I’m wondering if how SCP-9957-1 interacts with them is entirely random or if there is a specific pattern behind it. 

**— Dr. Boris**

---

= **Test Log 9975.04**

---

**Date:** 2024/02/20

**Subject:** D-30012

**Location:** Western external zone, Site 811

**Preamble:** A provisional room was constructed within the outdoor testing area. SCP-9957 was positioned approximately 9 meters away from the room, and was temporarily remounted to be secured to a steel frame. 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

[33 seconds after D-30012 read the text aloud, SCP-9957-1 entered the testing grounds through the provisional room’s door, mounted upon SCP-9957-2.]

**SCP-9957-1:** It took you quite a bit to read my poem. You were stopping in between the lines for an entire minute or so before continuing! Is everything alright?

[D-30012 appeared to be visibly distressed and did not respond. She was instructed to talk to SCP-9957-1 via an earpiece.]

**D-30012:** I’m okay. 

**SCP-9957-1:** That horse head was amazing, a breath of fresh air. However, I don't wish to change the tires, and I feel perfectly happy about how everything is right now. I would ask of you, though, to come with me. This saddle isn't that big, but there is space.

[SCP-9957-1 demounted SCP-9957-2 and waited. Further instructions of complying with its request were given, with D-30012 approaching and sitting on SCP-9957-2. The *Corallus caninus* instance solidified into resin, upon which SCP-9957-1 sat.]

**SCP-9957-1:** How does the saddle feel? Comfortable? Can you ride the bike back through the door? 

**D-30012:** Why? Where are we going?

**SCP-9957:** Just drive through the door. Why are you so scared? I told you, everything seems perfect today. I’m happy with the bike and with the weather and with my lovely poem being read by others! Art being applied in wonderful ways could wait. Please, do you mind going through the door? Is it more comfortable for you to sit on the handlebar while I drive it? Perhaps you hate being the one to push the pedals, and simply want to sit back and relax.

**D-30012:** No, it's fine . . .

[D-30012 rode SCP-9957-2, with SCP-9957-1 mounted on the *Corallus caninus* specimen, into the provisional room through the door. She was told by SCP-9957-1 to close it behind her, although D-30012 did not seem to comply. At that point, one head of the *Corallus caninus* reanimated. It extended toward the knob, wrapping around it and closing the door. All three entered the zebra head, which then vanished. D-30012 was not recovered.]

[END LOG]

= **Test Log 9975.05**

---

**Date:** 2024/02/23

**Subject:** D-99888

**Preamble:** D-99888 was told to converse casually with SCP-9957-1. 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

[33 seconds after D-99888 read the text aloud, SCP-9957-1 entered the testing chamber through the door, mounted upon SCP-9957-2. SCP-9957-1 held a spray-paint can of unknown make. The previously pink and blue frame of SCP-9957-2 was now yellow in color. SCP-9957-1 shook the can and sprayed SCP-9957-2 with further yellow paint.]

SCP-9957-1: Hello there! What is your name? 

D-99888: Dion Adonis. What is yours?

SCP-9957-1: Don't you think giving that information out would reduce the beautiful magical element of my appearance? Of my interactions?

D-99888: I apologize. I’m not sure if you will answer this question, but where did you come from? That large zebra head suddenly appeared behind the door somehow.  

[SCP-9957-1 demounted SCP-9957-2.]

SCP-9957-1: Is this some strict interview I am under, my dear Dion Adonis? There is no need for this. Why don't we do this instead: Would you come and spray-paint this bike with me! It will be a fun exercise. I’d like you to join in. 

[D-99888 approached SCP-9957-1. SCP-9957-1 kneeled down and caressed the resin head of the giraffe attached to SCP-9957-2. The giraffe opened its mouth and spat out a spray-paint can, which SCP-9957-1 picked up and handed to D-99888.]

SCP-9957-1: That one is brown in color. You could spray it on any part of the bike, even the snake and the animal heads. It would most definitely look nice in brown, don't you think? 

D-99888: Of course. 

SCP-9957-1: This will be your first time then. Start painting!

[SCP-9957-1 and D-99888 sprayed SCP-9957-2 with yellow and brown paint for 3:33 minutes. The *Corallus caninus* and the two resin animal heads attached to SCP-9957-2 did not display aggression or discomfort while being painted.]

SCP-9957-1: Could I get the can back?

[D-99888 returned the brown spray-paint can.]

SCP-9957-1: Now is a good time to stop. The time is nice and balanced with my entrance! Dion Adonis, there is one thing we are missing. Could you guess what it is?

D-99888: What is it?

[The giraffe head regurgitated a paper that SCP-9957-1 held in his hands, displaying it to D-99888.]

SCP-9957-1: My suit is still black in color. Would it surprise you to know that I’m a man of fashion when the moment calls for it? Where is the creative expression in me if I painted the bike wholly, and did not match it myself? I need a brown and yellow suit. 

[SCP-9957-1 hugged D-99888 from behind. D-99888 remained completely still, and did not move or blink for the remainder of the test. SCP-9957-1 sprayed D-99888’s entire body with the brown and yellow cans, and then laid him down on the floor. The resin zebra head opened its mouth, and SCP-9957-1 began to push D-99888, starting from his feet, into the zebra’s mouth. Notably, the resin Zebra head, despite its apparent external dimensions, was anomalously able to accommodate all of D-99888 within its interior. The resin zebra’s mouth closed, then reopened after 33 seconds. D-99888 was regurgitated. Their skin was yellow in color. A later examination confirmed that this pigmentation was a property of the skin itself rather than the result of any external paint. His lips, eyelashes, hair, fingernails, and toenails were brown in color. D-99888 wore a brown suit with a yellow notch, buttons, and cuffs. SCP-9957-1 undressed D-99888 and wore the brown suit, mounted SCP-9957-2, left the testing chamber, and closed the door. D-99888 was confirmed deceased. Cause of death remains unknown.]

[END LOG]

---

**Researcher note, Dr. Gergana Boris, 2024/02/23**

It remains unknown why SCP-9957-1 appears to be fixated on the number 33. Not only does SCP-9957-1 consistently emerge 33 seconds after SCP-9957 is read aloud, but in today’s test it voluntarily ceased its spray-painting activity after 3 minutes and 33 seconds. It could be a requirement that governs its appearance or the manifestation of its anomalous properties. I plan to have a subject ask it directly for clarification.

**— Dr. Boris**

---

= **Test Log 9975.06**

---

**Date:** 2024/03/04

**Subject:** D-60024

**Preamble:** The purpose of this test was to study SCP-9957-1’s behaviour and responses toward varying questions. D-60024 was instructed to communicate with SCP-9957-1 without displays of fear, and to ask follow-up questions if SCP-9957-1 communicated in a vague or elusive manner. 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

[33 seconds after D-60024 read the text aloud, SCP-9957-1 entered the testing chamber through the door, mounted upon SCP-9957-2. A metal clamp was fixed on the *Corallus caninus* specimen. SCP-9957-1 was pedaling SCP-9957-2 at a rapid rate, and came to a strong halt a meter away from D-60024.]

SCP-9957-1: Are you okay? That was a close call, wasn't it?

D-60024: I’m okay, no problem. 

SCP-9957-1: I still haven't asked for your name, excuse me. 

D-60024: Milan.

SCP-9957-1: Why didn't you move out of the way, Milan? 

[The two-headed *Corallus caninus* turned its head at SCP-9957-1 and hissed a total of five times.]

SCP-9957-1: He didn't have enough time to react? Alright, alright, that was my fault, I’d admit. 

[D-60024 asked SCP-9957-1 of the relevancy of the number 33, if any, as was instructed via an earpiece.] 

SCP-9957-1: I just like doing things in an orderly manner. It makes it seem like everything is planned and has a purpose. I guess it sounds a bit dumb to you, doesn't it?

D-60024: Not at all! A lot of people have quirks like that. Is there a reason why it's specifically the number 33?

SCP-9957-1: Completely random my dear.

[D-60024 was told to ask why SCP-9957-2 was being cycled earlier at such a high speed.]

D-60024: Is there any reason you were riding the bike that fast? 

SCP-9957-1: Sometimes you don't pay much attention, and don't realize that you need to stop earlier than you expected, no? 

[D-60024 was told to ask SCP-9957-1 that they were nearly hurt, and that SCP-9957-1 should've been more careful.]

D-60024: I almost got hurt. Please, be more careful. 

SCP-9957-1: You know what? I am sorry, dear Milan. Would you like a gift for my recklessness? 

D-60024: Sure . . . 

[SCP-9957-1 kicked off their left shoe with their right foot. SCP-9957-1 searched the insole of the shoe, ultimately extracting two bracelets. The words “Man horn” were etched onto the red beads of the first bracelet. The words “Bulb for bike” were etched onto the orange beads of the second bracelet. SCP-9957-1 placed the orange bracelet into D-60024’s left pocket, then placed the red bracelet into D-60024 right pocket.]

SCP-9957-1: Do you remember what the red bracelet said?

D-60024: It said “Man horn.” What does it mean?

SCP-9957-1: Well, what do you believe it refers to?

D-60024: A horn for the bike? A man acting as a horn?

[SCP-9957-1 lifted its arm and pointed at SCP-9957-2.]

SCP-9957-1: But do you see a horn on the bike?

D-60024: No, I don't. 

SCP-9957-1: I do need a horn, to be honest. If I had a horn, you might've gotten out of the way quickly when I almost crashed into you, no? You told me to be more careful. A horn is a good tool to achieve just that. 

[SCP-9957-1 inserted his hand into D-60024’s left pocket, and instead of the orange bracelet, extracted a black bike rubber bulb. D-60024 was visibly startled, and backed away many steps from SCP-9957-1.]

SCP-9957-1: Why did you retreat? I just wanted to give you this as a gift too. 

[D-60024 approached SCP-9957-1. At that moment, SCP-9957-1 blew into the bulb’s nozzle, causing the rubber bulb to rapidly expand to an approximate radius of 1.50 meters. SCP-9957-1 quickly inserted the bulb onto D-60024’s head through the nozzle, pushing the expanded bulb all the way to D-60024’s hips. SCP-9957-1 placed his hand into D-60024’s right pocket, and instead of the red bracelet, a metal horn was retrieved. SCP-9957-1 blew into the inlet of the horn, enlarging the horn to an approximate length of a meter. SCP-9957-1 inserted D-60024’s legs through the metal inlet. The bulb and the metal horn began to shrink, returning back to their original dimensions. SCP-9957-1 attached the horn to the clamp present on the *Corallus caninus* specimen, exiting the testing chamber through the door. D-60024’s body was never recovered.]

[END LOG]

= **Test Log 9975.07**

---

**Date:** 2024/03/24

**Subject:** D-78901 

**Observations:** SCP-9957-1 appears to be infatuated with art, order, and patterns. This test was conducted to test SCP-9957-1’s response to subject D-78901 being interested in SCP-9957 as a form of written art. D-78901 was directed via earpiece throughout the test.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

[D-78901 was seated on the ground in front of SCP-9957. 33 seconds after D-78901 read the text aloud, SCP-9957-1 entered the testing chamber through the door, mounted upon SCP-9957-2. SCP-9957-1 dismounted SCP-9957-2.]

D-78901: Are you the one who wrote this text?

SCP-9957-1: Why do you ask? Do you like it? I will tell you that I did draw that crude illustration myself with colored pencil.

D-78901: Yeah, I think it's interesting. From what I understand, is it referring to you and the bike? 

[SCP-9957-1 sat on the ground beside D-78901.]

SCP-9957-1: Who knows! I’m glad that you like it. 

D-78901: Do you like art? I was told that you do. That may be a dumb question, since it seems obvious.

SCP-9957-1: Art is extremely fun and important, don't you think? I mean, just look at me and the bike! Where would we be without this art? 

D-78901: Could you tell me more about that? 

SCP-9957-1: Not you too.

D-78901: I apologize. I’m sorry if I did something wrong. You don't have to answer.

SCP-9957-1: Perfect! It's much better that way. Will you keep on reading my poem?

D-78901: Yes, I will!

SCP-9957-1: I will be heading out now then. 

D-78901: Already? You just sat down with me.

SCP-9957-1: Perhaps next time. What is your name, by the way?

D-78901: Ivan Daniel. 

SCP-9957-1: It was nice to meet you. Oh, how very nice!

[SCP-9957-1 rode SCP-9957-2 and exited the testing chamber through the door. D-78901 remained unharmed.]

[END LOG]

---

**Researcher note, Dr. Gergana Boris, 2024/03/24**

If it’s true that appreciating the art present on SCP-9957 leads to the safety of the subjects, then that would mean the outcomes of these interactions aren't entirely random. We might actually be getting somewhere. 

**— Dr. Boris**

---

= **Test Log 9975.08**

---

**Date:** 2024/03/25

**Subject:** D-78901 

**Observations:** Following test 7, D-78901 was returned to the testing chamber for additional interaction with SCP-9957-1. 

---

[BEGIN LOG] 

[D-78901 was seated on the ground in front of SCP-9957. 33 seconds after D-78901 read the text aloud, SCP-9957-1 entered the testing chamber through the door, mounted upon SCP-9957-2. SCP-9957-2 had a wicker bicycle basket attached to the *Corallus caninus* specimen.]

SCP-9957-1: You are doing the same thing as yesterday, it seems. 

[SCP-9957-1 rode SCP-9957-2 toward D-78901.]

D-78901: I'm trying to analyze more and more of it. 

SCP-9957-1: Why? It's not that complex for you to be analyzing it more than once. It's not that special. Well, I like it so I do think it is special, but not to this degree.

D-78901: I just like it a lot. If you don't want me to read it more, then I won't. 

SCP-9957-1: You could do whatever you wish to do, Ivan Daniel! Please don't take my words to heart. Yesterday, you wanted to know more about art, correct?

D-78901: Yes, I did, if you don't mind. 

SCP-9957-1: Repetitiveness should be avoided in art. For example, do you see this? 

[One of the heads of the *Corallus caninus* lowered into the wicker basket, grabbing two pieces of paper with its mouth. The first paper visible to D-78901 had a colored illustration of a standard wooden chair. SCP-9957-1 ripped the piece of paper away from the snake’s mouth, revealing an identical illustration on the second sheet.]

SCP-9957-1: That represented repetitiveness. To break that cycle, we need more varied illustrations!

[SCP-9957-1 inserted their arm deep into the throat of D-78901, who remained completely motionless during the act. SCP-9957-1 removed many pieces of crumpled paper from D-78901’s throat. Many of these papers had fallen on the floor in the process. These various papers included illustrations of wooden chairs, metal tables, plastic desks, and glass mugs. SCP-9957-1 placed these papers into the wicker basket, repeating the process of removing papers from D-78901’s throat until the wicker basket was full. SCP-9957-1, remaining mounted upon SCP-9957-2, left the testing chamber. D-78901 exhibited no movement following the test, and suffered an esophageal rupture and deep neck hematoma. D-78901 was pronounced dead ten minutes after test conclusion. Cause of death: asphyxiation.]

[END LOG]

---

**Researcher note, Dr. Gergana Boris, 2024/03/25**

This subject was terminated as well, even though I had a bit of hope for them. It could be said that D-78901 irritated SCP-9957-1 with that conversation they had regarding repetitiveness, but I don't think that the subject would've been left unharmed if it wasn't for that. In Test 3, the subject didn't seem to annoy SCP-9957-1 at all. It might be really random after all, or at least the interactions and their consequences rely on too many variable factors for us to control or fully understand. 

**— Dr. Boris**

---

**Addendum 9975.B:** 

**Discovery:** SCP-9957 was found in a private study room at [REDACTED] art community center in East Austin, Texas on 19/01/2024, following the disappearance of two individuals who had both reserved the room on 18/01/2024. The absence of cameras in the study room prevented observation of SCP-9957’s initial manifestation. According to community center staff, SCP-9957 was not present in the private study room prior to the subjects' scheduled entry on 18/01/2024. Staff who discovered SCP-9957, along with two police officers who responded to the scene, were subsequently given Class-A amnestics. A cover story was produced by Foundation personnel embedded within law enforcement describing the incident as a voluntary disappearance. Local police investigation efforts were suppressed through Foundation influence. 

<< [SCP-9956](SCP-9956) | SCP-9957 | [SCP-9958](SCP-9958) >>

> **Filename:** IMG_2497.jpeg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-9957)

> **Filename:** IMG_2556.jpeg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-9957)

> **Filename:** IMG_2578.jpeg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-9957)

> **Filename:** IMG_2614.jpeg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-9957)
