Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-9428 is to be contained in a spherical, vacuum sealed chamber 1.6 meters in radius. The chamber walls are to be lined lined with superconductive electromagnets kept at a temperature of -225°C or lower powered by the onsite nuclear reactor, while the walls themselves are to be made of iron and lead. Infrared cameras are to be placed in the chamber to allow for monitoring of SCP-9428, instruments to detect radiation, observation windows to view the condition of the electromagnets, and a robotic arm to allow for testing without compromizing SCP-9428's containment. In the event of reactor failure, backup generators are to direct power to the electromagnets until power is restored. In the event of generator failure, batteries that collect power from the reactor while it's online and stores its charge will activate and supply power until the generators or the reactor is restored. If SCP-9428 breaches containment and is irretrievable, off world colonization must be pursued as the earth will undergo an NK-Class "Grey Goo" Scenario. Following Incident 9428-18, no materials emitting over 200 rads of radiation is to be tested with SCP-9428, and expansion of the onsite underground nuclear waste storage site is to not go under SCP-9428's containment chamber.

Description: SCP-9428 is a particle of unknown matter measuring 0.3 millimeters in diameter, and has a mass of 4.5 tonnes. Close observations in the observation room with binoculars show it has a metallic reflective surface, has a strong magnetic field allowing for its containment via magnetic levitation, emits a small amount of heat, meaning despite its small size making normal observation impossible, infrared cameras can observe it. Whenever SCP-9428 comes into contact with any material, it will convert it into more SCP-9428 matter, the resulting transformed material can convert more material into more of itself like normal SCP-9428. 2 particles of SCP-9428 matter behave like water when they come into contact with eachother, and will fuse into a larger instance of SCP-9428. When SCP-9428 consumes matter, it will release energy in the form of electromagnetic waves, the intensity of which depends on how inert the material is, how tightly bound the atomic nucleus is, and how dense the material is.

Discovery: SCP-9428 was discovered in ██/██/196█ when it entered the atmosphere in southern Algeria. Monitoring stations across the eastern hemisphere picked up strong radio transmissions in the region, attracting the foundations attention. Due to its size amd weight, air resistance was able to slow it down and its mass prevented wind from shifting its path, so its impact site was determined. Through a flyby and ground instruments, it's magnetic field was discovered, and with electromagnets from dealing with another anomaly in the area shipped to the impact site, SCP-9428 was successfully contained, and relocated to Site 68 in Tunisia, where its containment was established.

Testing Log: Material Conversion Times

This log shows notable tests ran on SCP-9428. The materials in this test were introduced into the chamber using a robotic arm, and were suspended using the electromagnets to prevent loss of containment. Each material was cylindrical in shape and weighted to exactly 100 grams, and any material that couldn't be suspended on its own had iron caps affixed to either end of it so it could, the caps didn't count to the total 100 gram weight of the tests.

Test 1

Material: Sandstone sample collected from the region SCP-9428 was recovered

Notes: This test was to determine what might've happened if SCP-9428 had came in contact with the ground.

Results: Sample was consumed in 4.7 seconds. SCP-9428 emitted large amounts of radio, microwave, and infrared radiation.

Test 3

Material: Cattle Bone

Notes: Test was to observe what might happen if a human came into contact with SCP-9428.

Results: Consumption in 5.4 seconds. Emission of radio and microwave radiation detected with minor infrared emissions.

Test 4

Material: Iron

Notes: Due to iron being magnetic already, the caps aren't needed.

Result: Consumption in 13.6 seconds. Lowest energy release so far, only minor radio emissions detected.

Test 7

Material: Lead

Notes: N/A

Result: Consumption in 9.8 seconds. Emission of Microwave and radio radiation detected.

Addendum 9428-1: Following tests 4 and 7, SCP-9428 has been moved to a new containment chamber with layers of iron and lead to slow SCP-9428 in the event of a containment breach

Test 13

Material: Uranium 238

Notes: N/A

Result: Consumed in 0.63 seconds. Large burst of visible, ultraviolet, and xray radiation.

Test 18

Material: Radium-266

Notes:N/A

Result: See Incident Report 9428-18

Incident Report 9428-18

Following the introduction of radium to SCP-9428's containment chamber and the subsequent physical contact with it, the sample was consumed in 0.14 seconds. Lethal doses of gamma, xray, and ultraviolet radiation was detected, along with large amounts of heat and light. The heat nearly broke the electromagnets and almost compromised containment, if not for emergency liquid nitrogen reserves pumping in more liquid nitrogen to maintain their temperature. The researcher running the test, despite adequate precautions, received a lethal dose of radiation, and after a few days of care, the researcher and physicians treating him requested that he be euthanized, and this was carried out via lethal injection. Following the incident, any testing of material emitting radiation exceeding 200 rads is prohibited, and SCP-9428's containment chamber was relocated due to the onsite underground nuclear waste storage facility having expanded under it.

Addendum 9428-2: Following the proposals made by a civilian physicist in 1971, it's believed SCP-9428 might be an anomolous form of quark matter, as it would explain its density and magnetic field. However, the mechanism behind its matter conversion remains anomalous.

Revision last updated: ██/█/1981
