=====

=====

.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}

**Item #:** SCP-9083

**Object Status:** Contained

**Special Containment Procedures:** All 72 affected individuals are under Class-A surveillance to ensure any informational leaks are reported and logged. Misinformation campaigns have been deemed unnecessary due to the nature of the anomalous event.

**Description:** SCP-9083 is a false memory shared by 36 married couples SCP-9083-1 through SCP-9083-36.  about an event that allegedly occurred on April 9th, 1983. All 36 instances are located in the Eastern Standard Timezone. It has been determined that affected individuals possess no knowledge of one another. The following is a minute-by-minute reconstruction of the events of the false memory.

1:23AM: Both members of the related SCP-9083 instance are awakened by a loud metal bang.

1:24AM: The male member of the instance checks the locks on the house's doors. The female member checks the room identified as the child's bedroom.

1:26AM: The male notices a child placing a letter in the mailbox. All instances have referred to the child as theirs. 

1:27AM: The female finds a letter on the child's desk, and screams. No instances could report the nature of this letter.

1:28AM: The male chases after the child. No instances could locate the child once they had stepped outside. All instances report going to the mailbox and opening the letter inside.

1:29AM: All instances reported feeling a sense of déjà vu. The male reports the letter being addressed to a figure with a scratched-out name. No other details were shared about the contents of the letter.

SCP-9083, as recounted by each individual, shares the exact same details with the exception of the appearance, name, and purported personality of the missing child being different among instances.

<< [SCP-9082](SCP-9082) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9084](SCP-9084) >>
