**Item#:** SCP-9074

**Object Class:** Safe 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9074 is to be contained in a standard containment chamber located in Sector-07 of Site-529. Access is restricted to personnel with level 2 clearance and higher. All testing of SCP-9074 must be approved by Head researcher Madeline Thorson. Personnel are advised that interaction with SCP-9074 may result in the unintentional disclosure of deeply personal information. 

**Description:** SCP-9074 is a wooden wardrobe measuring 2.1 meters in height and constructed from dark-stained oak. Examination indicates the object was manufactured in the late 19th century, engraved on the back with the name “Marsha J.”. The interior appears ordinary when unoccupied.

When an individual enters SCP-9074 and closes its doors, they disappear for a period ranging from 1 to 15 minutes. Upon exiting, subjects exhibit a physical or symbolic manifestation of a deeply concealed aspect of their identity. These manifestations consistently correspond to information later confirmed by interviews. No instance of SCP-9074 producing a demonstrably false manifestation has been recorded. No recording equipment has been proven to function inside of SCP-9074.

**Discovery:** SCP-9074 was discovered on 06/15/2001 in the attic of an abandoned home in Seattle, Washington. Foundation attention was drawn to the property after local police received multiple reports from teenagers trespassing within the residence. Statements taken from the teenagers described individuals entering a wardrobe and emerging minutes later displaying unusual wardrobe changes. SCP-9074 was recovered without incident and all civilians involved were amnestised. 

**Addendum 9074.1:** 06/16/2001 Test logs

 

**Test:** 9074-01

**Subject:** D-1842

**Researcher:** Dr. ~~Mitchell~~ Melody Pond

The subject was instructed to enter SCP-9074 and close the doors behind him.

**Result:** The subject disappeared for around 4 minutes. Upon exiting SCP-9074, the subject was observed wearing a complete baseball uniform. The uniform bore the insignia of a local little league team active in the subject's hometown during his childhood.

The subject expressed visible distress and repeatedly requested to remove the uniform. Follow-up interviews revealed that D-1842 had played baseball throughout childhood and had aspired to pursue the sport competitively. Subject reported abandoning the activity at age 14 after repeated criticism from his father, who stated that he "wasn't good enough to make anything of it."

The clothing vanished around 37 minutes after removal.

**Researcher’s Note:** Initial testing yielded limited results, further testing required.

 

**Test:** 9074-2

**Subject:** D-8372

**Researcher:** Dr. ~~Mitchell~~ Melody Pond

The subject was instructed to enter SCP-9074 and close the doors behind him and attempt to stay inside for as long as possible.

**Result:** D-8372 disappeared for 3 minutes before being forcefully pushed by an unknown force out of SCP-9074. D-8372 was observed wearing a worn set of mechanic's coveralls bearing the logo of a small automotive repair shop in Seattle, Washington.

D-8372 appeared confused by the manifestation and initially denied any connection to the clothing. When shown a photograph of himself wearing the coveralls, the subject became visibly agitated and demanded to be returned to his holding cell.

During a follow-up interview, D-8732 admitted that the repair shop had belonged to his late grandfather. According to him, he had worked there throughout his teenage years and had intended to inherit the business. These plans were abandoned following his involvement in criminal activities at age 19, which ultimately resulted in multiple felony convictions and the closure of the shop several years later. The manifested clothing remained intact for 44 minutes after removal.

**Researcher's Note:** Current evidence  suggests SCP-9074 does not simply reflect desire, but identities subjects perceive as having been lost.

 

**Test:** 9074-3

**Subject:** D-2354

**Researcher:** Dr. Amelia Strong

The subject was instructed to enter SCP-9074 and close the doors behind her, once inside personnel were instructed to open SCP-9074 and leave it open for the duration.

**Result:** D-2354 entered SCP-9074, closing the door behind her. Dr. Strong opened the door soon after, finding that D-2354 had disappeared. 15 minutes elapsed and D-2354 did not reappear in the documented timeframe. She reappeared 5 hours later wearing a wedding dress. D-2354 was unresponsive to questions but requested to keep the dress. The request was approved. Unlike the previous test, the dress did not disappear. 

**Researcher's Note:** This is the first instance in which an article of clothing has stayed intact upon removal. Further testing is required to determine the cause.

**Addendum 9074.2:** 06/18/2001 Researchers log

After approval from head researcher Dr. Madeline Thorson, Dr. ~~Mitchell~~ Melody Pond was approved to test SCP-9074 without the use of D-Class personnel. The following is a transcript of the results.

 

**[BEGIN LOG]**

**Dr. Pond:** I just want to make sure this works Amelia, I know what I’m doing. Besides, I wanted to test your theory. If this works I'll give you all the credit in the report.

**Dr. Strong:** And what if you don't come back out? What then? To hell with the credit, you're not going in.

**Dr. Pond:** You worry too much, D-2354 came back just fine so will I.

**Dr. Strong:** This isn't proper procedure.

**Dr. Pond:** Madeline approved it, it'll be *fine*, I promise.

**Dr. Strong:** Mitch don't you dare.

(*Dr. Pond grins at Dr. Strong before jumping into SCP-9074*)

(*15 minutes elapse.*)

**Dr. Strong:** Dr. Pond? Are you okay in there? Dr. Pond?! Mitchell!

(*Dr. Pond stumbles out of SCP-9074.*)

**Dr Pond:** I-uh, I think it worked? But I don't feel any different-

**Dr. Strong:** Mitch, is that you?

**Dr. Pond:** Y-Yeah? Why what's wrong?

**Dr. Strong:** Mitch y-you uh, you look different. 

**Dr. Pond:** Is there something on my face? Why are you staring at me like that? Does what I'm wearing look stupid?

**Dr. Strong:** No, not at all, it’s just...

**Dr. Pond:** Just what? Spit it out.

(*Dr. Strong guides Dr. Pond over to the one way glass.*)

**Dr. Pond:** I-I’m a woman! It worked!

**Dr. Strong:** A-Are you okay? How do you feel?

**Dr. Pond:** I’m... comfortable.

**Dr. Strong:** Comfortable?

(*Dr. Pond takes in a deep breath before letting out a heavy sigh.*)

**Dr. Pond:** For the first time in years I finally feel comfortable in my own skin. 

(*Dr. Pond turns to look at Dr. Strong.*)

**Dr. Pond:** Amelia. I’m trans... God that felt good to say.

**Dr. Strong:** Oh. I um, didn't know that.

**Dr. Pond:** I've been sitting on the fence with this for a while now. I wanted to tell someone at some point or another. But after what you told me the other day about your theory, I just had to test it out. If there was even a sliver of a chance that this happened and worked out I had to try.

**Dr. Strong:** This is... a lot to process Mit- Um, sorry, what should I call you?

**Dr. Pond:** I've always liked the name Melody. That and it makes it so I don't have to change my initials at all.

**Dr. Strong:** Well, Melody, what are we going to tell Madeline?

**Dr. Pond:** Ah, hmmm, haven't thought of that yet. I was too busy dealing with the fact that I'm not a man anymore. But we'll burn that bridge when we get to it. While we're here, you should totally go in.

**Dr. Strong:** Oh hell no. It's bad enough you went in there by yourself, I'm not getting reprimanded because of this.

**Dr. Pond:** Come on Amelia, where's your sense of adventure? You know after this there's no way they'll let us test this thing alone again.

**Dr. Strong:** Mmmm, Fine. But. I'm writing a separate report from yours.

**Dr. Pond:** Deal.

(*Dr. Strong enters SCP-9074.*)

**[END LOG]**

**Researcher’s Note:** Following this Log Dr. Mitchell Pond (He/Him) shall now be referred to as Dr. Melody Pond (She/Her). All reference to Dr. Mitchel Pond is to be struck out and updated. Dr. Melody Pond and Dr. Amelia Strong are no longer approved to test SCP-9074 without the use of D-Class personnel.

**Addendum 9074.3:** 06/18/2001 Test Log

**Test:** 9074-3

**Subject:** Dr. Amelia Strong

**Researcher:** Dr. Amelia Strong

Following the conclusion of Addendum 9074.2, Dr. Strong remained inside SCP-9074 for 11 minutes before reappearing.

**Results:** Upon exiting SCP-9074, Dr. Strong was wearing a white laboratory coat bearing a Foundation Director's insignia. Attached to the coat was an identification badge listing her position as "Site Director, Site-529". The badge was determined to be non-anomalous and matched Foundation formatting standards. Upon removal of the garments they disappeared immediately. 

<< [SCP-9073](SCP-9073) | SCP-9074 | [SCP-9075](SCP-9075) >>
