=====

=====

:root{

  --header-title: "SITE-3";

  --header-subtitle: "Low Priority Research and Containment";

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/vilsolad/Site-3.png);

    filter: opacity(20%);

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9788 is to be contained within the Department Of Ornithology's Cohabitive Avian Terrarium at Site-3. SCP-9788 is only permitted to leave the premises of Site-3 with at least two escorts from the [International Association Parasport Federation (IAPF)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9206).

**Description:** SCP-9788 is an adult male collared bush robin (Tarsiger johnstoniae) referring to itself as "Mark Rosewater". There appears to be no correlation between SCP-9788 and the Head Designer for Magic: The Gathering.  SCP-9788 is capable of coherent human speech through unknown means. When interacting with personnel, SCP-9788's temperament has been described as "overly prideful" and "loud."

SCP-9788 appears to possess a greatly increased mental capacity compared to that of the average human, being capable of playing Chess at a high level. At random intervals, SCP-9788 will ask the nearest individual if they "wish to attempt a bout against a Grandmaster". Should the individual accept the offer, a chess set will manifest between the two and an instance of SCP-9788-A will begin.

SCP-9788-A is any game of Chess played with SCP-9788. During an instance of SCP-9788-A, neither player is capable of leaving the vicinty of the gameboard until a full game of Chess is completed. There appears to be no way to forcefully end SCP-9788-A prematurely, as all players and pieces involved become intangible if any attempt to do so is undertaken.

SCP-9788 claims to be the "Chess World Champion". This claim is heavily disputed by the [Department Of Gaming](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-81tg). 

**Discovery:** SCP-9788 was discovered during a containment breach undertaken by [SCP-9386](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9386) A sapient adult female rook capable of translocating itself up to approximately 100 meters when not observed.  in late 2014, during which SCP-9788 was defeated via [Fool's mate](https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fool%27s_mate). The fastest checkmate in chess delivered after the fewest possible moves from the game's starting position.  Attached below is a transcript of Security footage captured in Coronation Park, Crosby of the event.

> = **<Start Log>**

> 

> *SCP-9386 can be seen exiting a bush and letting out a low cackle. As it attempts to cross the field, SCP-9788 flies into its path and lands in front of it.*

> 

> **SCP-9788:** Hello impudent fool!

> 

> **SCP-9386:** Who?

> 

> *SCP-9386 cocks its head to the side.*

> 

> **SCP-9386:** I'm Greg!

> 

> **SCP-9788:** Oh, then why do you look so foolish?

> 

> *SCP-9788 cackles.*

> 

> **SCP-9788:** Fool!

> 

> **SCP-9386:** Pearl says I'm pretty smart actually.

> 

> **SCP-9788:** Then why don't you prove it?

> 

> **SCP-9386:** Would it be... in a game of Hide And Seek?!

> 

> *SCP-9386 squeals, causing the nearby glass to crack, and jumps repeatedly.*

> 

> **SCP-9386:** But who would I play against?

> 

> **SCP-9788:** Against me, Grandmaster Mark Rosewater, a game of Chess!

> 

> **SCP-9386:** Oh yeah, I've seen you on Bestest Birb TV! There are no known records of this program existing. 

> 

> *SCP-9788 laughs, bowing theatrically.*

> 

> **SCP-9788:** Indeed. Now...

> 

> *SCP-9788 steps back slightly as SCP-9386 ceases jumping.*

> 

> **SCP-9788:** Do you wish to attempt a bout against a Grandmaster?

> 

> **SCP-9386:** Sure! I used to play Chess in secondary school. Before I learned of the greater game, Hide And Seek!

> 

> *A chessboard materialises inbetween SCP-9788 and SCP-9386, the white side faces SCP-9788. SCP-9788 does not hesitate before moving its kingside pawn to F3.*

> 

> **SCP-9788:** You are a fool to challenge me.

> 

> **SCP-9386:** Hm...

> 

> *SCP-9386 stares at the board for a minute before moving the pawn in front of its king to E5. SCP-9788 laughs loudly.*

> 

> **SCP-9788:** A fool's move!

> 

> *SCP-9788 moves its pawn to G4.*

> 

> **SCP-9788:** Watch as I form a defensive flank and--

> 

> **SCP-9386:** Checkmate.

> 

> *SCP-9386 moves its queen to H4, putting SCP-9788 into checkmate. SCP-9788 freezes. The board demanifests shortly after SCP-9788-A concludes.*

> 

> = **<End Log>**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Afterword:** STF Kappa-18 arrived nine minutes after the conclusion of SCP-9788-A. By the time they arrived, SCP-9788 appeared to be undergoing a mental breakdown as SCP-9386 watched in confusion.

**Addendum SCP-9788-1:** In a 4 month span after gaining SCP classification, SCP-9788 engaged in 15 instances of SCP-9788-A, the results of which have been attached below.

| Date | Opponent | Result (For SCP-9788) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 21/10/2014 | Dr. Pearl N. Langstrum | VICTORY |
| 23/10/2014 | Technician Martin Robinson | VICTORY |
| 27/10/2014 | Rsr. Mel Larkey Rsr. Mel Larkey was subsequently banned from the CAT for trying to smuggle out several avian anomalies.  | VICTORY |
| 10/11/2014 | Director Albert Ezekiel | VICTORY |
| 25/12/2014 | Dr. Neo Kittiwake The only officially recognised Chess Grandmaster amongst Foundation staff.  | STALEMATE |
| 01/01/2015 | Dr. Robert Hartog | VICTORY |
| 07/01/2015 | SCP-9386 | LOSS (Via Fool's mate) |
| 09/01/2015 | Senior Rsr. Anna Del Toro | VICTORY |
| 14/01/2015 | Dr. Gareth Caernarfon | VICTORY |
| 16/01/2015 | Dr. Pearl N. Langstrum | STALEMATE |
| 19/01/2015 | Storage Section Head Margaret Simmer | VICTORY |
| 03/02/2015 | Dr. Perry Yule | VICTORY |
| 10/02/2015 | Rsr. Lambda Hundred | VICTORY |
| 18/02/2015 | SCP-11███ | VICTORY |
| 20/02/2015 | SCP-9386 | LOSS (Via Fool's mate) |
**Addendum SCP-9788-2:** After SCP-9788's third recorded defeat by SCP-9386, an interview was undertaken by Senior Rsr. Mary Jupiter.

> = **<Start Log>**

> 

> *SCP-9788 sits upon a rock to meet Sr. Rsr. Jupiter's eyeline, who sits upon a smaller rock.*

> 

> **Sr. Rsr. Mary Jupiter:** Hello SCP-9788.

> 

> **SCP-9788:** Hello, pink fool.

> 

> *SCP-9788 appears to scoff at Sr. Rsr. Jupiter's feather boa.*

> 

> **Sr. Rsr. Mary Jupiter:** So, how did you become such a chess prodigy?

> 

> **SCP-9788:** I went to the Woodpecker's Grand Academy! Although several avian anomalies have supported this claim, there is no evidence of such an establishment existing.  I studied for years in the field of Chessology No such field exists. , breaking all my limits to become a Grandmaster! How can a filthy corvid from Saint Corvidian Prep See Footnote 7.  defeat me?!

> 

> *Sr. Rsr. Jupiter clears her throat.*

> 

> **Sr. Rsr. Mary Jupiter:** I too am shocked. Especially since you appear to be doing the same moves eve--

> 

> **SCP-9788:** That's it!

> 

> *Silence. Sr. Rsr. Jupiter clears her throat again.*

> 

> **Sr. Rsr. Mary Jupiter:** What do y--

> 

> **SCP-9788:** I must train against fierce opponents to reach my maximum potential and crush the corvid menace!

> 

> **Sr. Rsr. Mary Jupiter:** But what abo--

> 

> **SCP-9788:** Not now, fool! I've got to get to it!

> 

> *SCP-9788 quickly flies away. Sr. Rsr. Jupiter hesitates before turning off her bodycam.*

> 

> = **<End Log>**

**Addendum SCP-9788-3:** In the two months following Addendum SCP-9788-2, SCP-9788 engaged in a series of 10 SCP-9788-A instances, the results of which have been attached below.

| Date | Opponent | Result (For SCP-9788) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 22/02/2015 | Dr. Pearl N. Langstrum | VICTORY |
| 23/02/2015 | [SCP-1875](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1875) It is unknown how SCP-9788 made it to SCP-1875's holding site unnoticed.  | VICTORY Due to extenuating circumastances, no records besides SCP-9788's own testimony exist of the event.  |
| 03/03/2015 | SCP-10███ | STALEMATE |
| 06/03/2015 | SCP-10███ | VICTORY |
| 11/03/2015 | Dr. Azazel Quackers Vilson Although not officially recognised, Dr. Azazel Vilson posseses Chess prowess on par with a Grandmaster.  | VICTORY |
| 27/03/2015 | Dr. Neo Kittiwake | STALEMATE |
| 01/04/2015 | Dr. Neo Kittiwake | STALEMATE |
| 09/04/2015 | Dr. Neo Kittiwake | STALEMATE |
| 13/04/2015 | Sr. Rsr. Mary Jupiter | VICTORY |
| 20/04/2015 | Dr. Neo Kittiwake | VICTORY Roughly 2 hours after the conclusion of this match, the events described in Addendum SCP-9788-4 occured.  |
**Addendum SCP-9788-4:** On 20/04/2015 at approximately 8:30 PM, SCP-9788 challenged SCP-9386 to a rematch to determine the "Chess World Champion". SCP-9386 begrudgingly agreed.

> = **<Start Log>**

> 

> *SCP-9788 stares intently at the chess board. SCP-9386 appears to make a yawning motion three minutes in. After five minutes, SCP-9788 moves its kingside pawn to F3. SCP-9386 ponders silently for ten seconds before moving its pawn to E5.*

> 

> **SCP-9788:** *(Muttering)* Oh god...

> 

> *SCP-9788 puts one wing to its chin and stares at the board for ten minutes. After nodding hesitantly, SCP-9788 moves its pawn to G4. SCP-9386 immediately moves its queen to H4.*

> 

> **SCP-9386:** Checkmate.

> 

> *A moment of silence passes. SCP-9788 takes a deep breath and proceeds to release a guttural scream.*

> 

> = **<End Log>**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Afterword:** SCP-9788 did not cease screaming until the sun had fully risen the next day, at which point it broke into violent sobbing for another three hours.

**Addendum SCP-9788-5:** On 21/04/2015, two simultaneous interviews were undertaken with SCP-9788 and SCP-9386 respectively.

> = **<Start Log>**

> 

> *SCP-9788 sits with its wings covering its eyes.*

> 

> **Sr. Rsr. Mary Jupiter:** That was... certainly something.

> 

> *SCP-9788 breaks into tears and loudly sobs. It does not cease until 30 minutes have passed, at which point it refuses to answer questions.*

> 

> = **<End Log>**

> **Foreword:** Due to the interview with SCP-9386 being undertaken during a regularly scheduled visit by Dr. Pearl N. Langstrum, only the relevant information has been attached to this document. The full transcript is available on request from the Research Head of SCP-9386.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> = **<Start Log>**

> 

> = **[Extraneous Data Removed]**

> 

> **SCP-9386:** --And then I came in and put that guy in checkmate! Again! He's so bad at chess.

> 

> *Dr. Langstrum chuckles.*

> 

> **Dr. Pearl Langstrum:** Wow, Greg, I didn't even know you liked Chess.

> 

> *SCP-9386 groans.*

> 

> **SCP-9386:** Not really...

> 

> **Dr. Pearl Langstrum:** Oh? Then why do you know so much about the game?

> 

> **SCP-9386:** Don't you know? To qualify for a PhD in Hideseekian Studies, you have to have at least a GCSE in Chessology!

> 

> = **[Extraneous Data Removed]**

> 

> = **<End Log>**

Following the conclusions of both of the above interviews, SCP-9788 has refused to interact with SCP-9386 in any capacity. As of 22/04/2017, SCP-9788 has been drafted by the IAPF as part of the Foundation's Para-Chess team. Its IAPF records are available on request.

<< [SCP-9787](SCP-9787) | SCP-9788 | [SCP-9789](SCP-9789) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Collared_bush_robin.jpg

> **Author:** longan Jiang

> **License:** CC0 1.0 Universal

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Collared_bush_robin.jpg

=====
