**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to SCP-9174's non-physical nature, informational and spiritual means of containment must be utilized. To prevent a global ontological crisis, knowledge of SCP-9174 must be kept strictly from the public eye. Any and all publicly available references to SCP-9174 must be collected and scrubbed from all databases and from the memories of unauthorized persons via application of amnestic agents. In the case of information being too difficult to control, flooding online forums with misinformation regarding SCP-9174 is authorized.

Any civilian who discovers the secured perimeter of SCP-9174 via astral projection is to be turned away by on-site guards who are kept in a state of astral projection via medically induced comas. Guards are to be rotated in and out of this state in regular shifts. Astrally projected guards are to be given non-lethal spiritual weaponry.

**Description:** SCP-9174 is an extradimensional arc located on the astral plane which directly connects planet Earth to a sister planet known as YSES 1d in the YSES 1 star system roughly 310 light years away.

In the astral plane, SCP-9174 emerges from the thermosphere above Antarctica and curves far into the distance towards YSES 1 in the Musca constellation, bending around the Earth if necessary. The surface of SCP-9174 appears like rough crystalline salt upon close examination and lets out a constant deep hum. All subjects who have witnessed SCP-9174 in the astral plane describe feelings which range between spiritual revelation and immense horror. These same subjects often suggest that SCP-9174 represents some cosmic truth that has been revealed to them, but struggle to explain its grandeur to those who haven't seen it themselves.

In simple terms, SCP-9174 is believed to be one mechanism of an enormous interstellar electrolytic cell. However, rather than promoting the exchange of ions between a metallic cathode/anode pair, SCP-9174 deals in the smooth transfer of souls from one world to another. Due to Earth seemingly recieving more souls than it is outputting over a given year, Earth has since been classified as the cathode of the cell while YSES 1d acts as its anode.

The source of the spiritual current required to facilitate the motion of souls between each end of the bridge is unclear. However, a mechanistic understanding of the apparent astral redox reaction has been developed.

Remote-viewing methods have allowed researchers to closely examine YSES 1d and its populace. From these studies, it has been determined that YSES 1d is referred to by its inhabitants as Arakorum. The anodic end of SCP-9174 connects to the thermosphere of Arakorum's north pole, opposite to its connection at Earth's south pole. Citizens of the planet are vaguely humanoid, though a full description of their kind is outside the range of this document. For further reading on YSES 1d biology, anatomy, culture, history, and other topics, please contact Dr. Russo.

Further findings suggest that the population of YSES 1d is facing severe decline. Upon further inspection, it was determined that this decline was in exact proportion to Earth's own birth rate. The inverse was also discovered to be true: the Arakoran birth rate is exactly in proportion to human mortality rates globally. Upon intensive analysis of census data from both worlds, it was discovered that this inverse relationship remains consistent throughout all of our respectively recorded histories.

The souls of humans and the people of YSES 1d are inexplicably linked. When one dies, one is born on the sister world, and vice versa. SCP-9174 acts as a resevoir for dead souls to travel through before their rebirth on the opposing planet. As far as Foundation researchers are able to discern, somewhere along the journey through SCP-9174 all memories are invariably wiped clean from the mind of whomever is making the journey.

**Addendum 9174-1:** The following is an excerpt from an email written by lead researcher Dr. Feldstadt regarding the disruption classification of SCP-9174 when repeatedly pressed on the subject by several staff members:

> You haven't seen it. That's the thing: you haven't seen it.

> 

> Let's talk about the risk. The risk is just Caution, right? That makes sense. You see something in another dimension that makes you question whether or not you believe in God. Big whoop. Some of us have moments like that while sitting on the toilet. Is it a form of psychological harm? Yes. Can it physically hurt you? No. That's why the risk level is Caution.

> 

> Anyone with their head on straight can look at the enormity, the absolute beauty, the grandeur, and complete and utter horror of SCP-9174 and understand why Amida was chosen for it's disruptive capabilities.

> 

> A lot of people try to tell me they can explain away SCP-9174 in whatever way that makes them comfortable. Maybe you can do that if it helps you sleep at night, but whatever you bury in your head isn't dead. It's not dead until you are- not until you're sent through that big tube and your mind is wiped clean and you're born a baby on a dying alien planet. It's in there. It's in there, and it's waiting for you to acknowledge it. Like a tiger.

> 

> That's because, as this research has led me to conclude, there are two key things in life: there are facts, and there are truths. Facts are easy. You reading this paper? You're reading facts. You get facts every day. You know what planet you're on. You know where you go to work. You can learn the facts from yesterday and compare them to the facts of today. But none of that compares to knowing the truth. Facts can change. Truth can only change the person that hears it, and the problem is everyone hears the truth differently.

> 

> Before I saw that thing, I was a proudly Baptist Christian. Church-goer. Now I don't know what to believe and have to go home to a wife who I can't even speak to about it. For some people that idea of a reward at the end of the line is all that keeps them going and when you look into that big glowing arc on the bottom of the world it rips it away from you. You're not going home with even a participation trophy.

> 

> Humans derive faith because humans are creatures who seek meaning. Nations require meaning. What happens when the general public learns what we've learned here? When they don't just hear the facts but feel the truth? The only hazard this anomaly truly poses to humanity is not from its existence, but from humanity's reaction towards its existence. There are entire societies and governments in this world that are built upon faith that would quickly come crashing down. It would be chaos if they knew that there are no gods or demons inside this pillar of salt. There's just us.

> 

> One day, you and I won't exist. One day, we'll be reborn on a dying world and not even remember who we were. Who's to say it hasn't happened already.

> 

> I wish you all the best.

> Feldstadt

<< [SCP-9173](SCP-9173) | SCP-9174 | [SCP-9175](SCP-9175) >>
