**Item #:** SCP-9919

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the infrequent and spontaneous manifestations SCP-9919, conventional containment strategies have proven ineffective. ~~In lieu of direct containment, the Foundation has established a global anomalous incident intake and response system in the form of a public-facing "BUG REPORTS"  helpdesk. This system is tasked with receiving, cataloging, and responding to civilian complaints of SCP-9919 manifestation.~~

Because of sustained budgetary constraints and staffing shortages, BUG REPORTS has been discontinued. The system has been replaced with an automated informational message and voicemail intake service.

**Description:** SCP-9919 is a noospheric crossover phenomenon between the conceptual domains of “orange” and “beetle.” Affected incidents result in the instantaneous transmutation of physical matter exhibiting an orange coloration into a mass of living beetles. These transformations are entirely at random, and occur on a global scale. 

The origin of the conceptual crossover is currently unknown. Documented reports of SCP-9919 manifestations began in January 2016 and continue sporadically worldwide. An abridged selection of civilian-submitted BUG REPORTS is provided below

**ADDENDUM-9919: Bug Reports** 

**BUG REPORT 04: CHEESEBALLS**

---

**Caller-04:-STARR:** So, I'm eating these fucking cheeseballs, right? And then it's like, I'm chilling, I'm playing some Hollow Knight.  I take a handful and shove it into my mouth and it's crunchy at first, which is normal - obviously - but then there's this second texture that doesn't feel like it belongs there. It's kinda squishy under the crunchy part? Like a lima bean.  Anyways I think it's just a weird stale thing until it starts *squirming* in my throat, and I spit it out and its all mushed up stuff that definitely isn't cheeseballs. And then I look at the container and...  It's all beetles, man. My cheeseballs. They're all beetles.

**BUG REPORT 023: TRAFFIC CONE**

---

**Caller-23-HARRISON:** Hi, yeah, so this George Harrison with road maintenance on I-██. I'm calling because  our traffic cones became beetles. All the orange parts just... became beetles. Like, a lot of beetles. We put up barrels and barriers, but then a few minutes later, those also became beetles. [There is loud honking in the background.] We've had several accidents and I just want to know what we should use to direct traffic. Because I don't think beetles count as proper traffic equipment. 

**BUG REPORT 73: JUPITER**

---

**Caller-73-MCCARTNEY:** Hey, uhhhh I don't know if this is the right number, but Jupiter looks like it's been replaced by a giant beetle? Just figured I would let someone know. Thank you, bye. 

**BUG REPORT 81: PUMPKIN**

---

**Caller-81:-LENNON** Yes, Hello, my name is John Lennon and I'm a second generation farmer. I have a giant pumpkin I've been growing since June for our annual county contest, and last night I rolled into my pickup. We drove this morning to the fair, and when we came to unload the beauty, she was just... gone. There was just this writhing, disgusting mass of insects in her place, and I still can't figure out what happened. The weigh-off is in an hour, and I don't think "largest pile of beetles" is a contest category this year. 

**BUG REPORT-99: PRESIDENT**

---

**Caller-99-BEST:** Hey, have you checked the news? The president is beetles. 

###### The mailbox is full and cannot accept any messages at this time. Please try resending your message later, or contact the recipient directly.

<< [SCP-9918](SCP-9918) | SCP-9919 | [SCP-9920](SCP-9920) >>
