---

**Special Containment Procedures:**

The location of SCP-9495 is to be monitored at all times by members of Mobile Task Force Gamma-6 (“Deep Feeders”). Under no circumstances should SCP-9495 ever be allowed to approach land. In the eventuality of SCP-9495 coming within 200 kilometers of a shore, it will be treated as an imminent K-Class “Mass Transmutation” Scenario; The use of Leviathan Deterrence Torpedo (LDT) weaponry is permitted for use in shifting the course of SCP-9495. 

Expeditions into SCP-9495 shall not be permitted without the confirmation of at least three members of the O5-Council. Naval vessels that approach the “danger radius” (25 kilometers) of SCP-9495 should be deterred, or eradicated if deterrence is impossible.

**Description:**

SCP-9495 is a large, subaquatic vessel in the rough shape of a massive great white shark (Carcharodon carcharias). SCP-9495 is exactly 48 meters in length and 36 meters in girth. The skin and teeth of SCP-9495 are made of a super-durable, rapidly reforming amorphous solid similar in appearance to volcanic glass. While SCP-9495 itself does not show sentience, it will seek out and attempt to consume specific materials (See Addendum 9495-1, "Note of Departure") within a radius around it. 

The “mouth” leads to a non-euclidean space at least eight thousand times larger than what is geometrically possible from outside observation. This space is fully walled by a white, flesh-like substance covered in mucus. Additionally—small rivers and lakes of embalming chemicals can be found—and a very low ambient light persists throughout the area with no known source. 

Flora exists in the form of various species of mold, including but not limited to penicillium, mucor, and aspergillus.

Gathered evidence suggests that the inside of SCP-9495 contains the remains of the ancient seafaring city, ███████, discussed in both the missing Dead Sea Scrolls, as well as “Impending Apocalypses and How To Stop Them,” a yet-undesignated potentially anomalous object recovered from a Scholastic Book Fair in rural Idaho.

[Twelve paragraphs of information regarding ███████ have been expunged at the behest of the O5 Council]. 

This city is populated entirely by instances of SCP-9495-A: sexless, humanoid beings covered in the same substance as SCP-9495. These entities appear to be capable of higher thought and culture (See Addendum 9495-2, Exploration Transcript). When not engaged in cultural or religious practices, SCP-9495-A are extremely hostile towards human beings. When coming into contact with a human, instances of SCP-9495-A will immediately cease typical daily behavior and begin to surround the person, before attempting the aggressive strippage of protective equipment, clothing, and skin. In addition, things like teeth, ears, digits, eyes, and genitalia may be collected and used in the creation of a fetish.

**Addendum 9495-1, "Note of Departure":**

The following note was found written in an unknown language similar to Akkadian on fireproof paper. It was placed inside the mouth of a charred human skeleton discovered in the stomach of SCP-9495.

Note of Departure,

Being that I am soon to depart the ark, I no longer have any need for my research notes into the dark alchemy. Out of the corpse of a beached god I carved my floating escape from the cruelty of land. 

My crime was the pursuit of understanding.

The flesh of the tall tree is our binding fluid.

The flesh of the ocean tree is our inner structure.

The organs of the mountains are the hide of our ship and the curse that enwraps us.

The traces in the sky’s breath are the exhalations of the deep.

The burning stone of our damnation is the salt of our meals.

The dust that shapes our being is the fluid that fills the dead.

The poison is the flesh of the ocean?

The assistance of plumb is the accursed rope of our unholy anchor.

The vegetation is the taint of bread.

[Eighty-six lines of extraneous data have been expunged. For the full list, contact Site-██ Director ████████]

We are the shadows that walk the streets and cast our down-turned gazes upon those non-human dregs. My punishment has been the worst of all, I alone am unable to join them. I walk their streets and participate in their worship, but there is an ineffable quality of myself that makes me irredeemably far from human. What is most harrowing is that they won’t even kill me, they simply stare on with pitiful eyeless gazes at the one who was not worthy of salvation.

May God keep us drowned.

**Addendum 9495-2, Exploration Transcript:**

The exploration is led by Researcher Adler Irie, stationed at a makeshift outpost inside of SCP-9495, uphill of the mouth. He is assisted by one Gamma-6 squad and two Class-D personnel.

D-4235 is a well-built 39-year old White male, psychological evaluation indicates high levels of trauma and violent tendencies, as well as sociopathic behaviors. D-8341 is a shorter 36-year-old White male of Hispanic descent. D-8341 was demoted to Class-D due to an incident at Site-██   involving the theft of classified documents. Psychological evaluation indicates normal levels across most fields. 

D-4235 and D-8341 are both equipped with standard-issue hazmat suits, LED flashlights, audio headsets, and single-shot pistols with one .380 ACP bullet each. D-4235 is equipped with a portable camera attached to his head.

<details>
<summary>View Attachment: Logged Video Transcript</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

**Irie:** Please proceed in a straight line until you reach a grouping of structures. Further instructions will be given at that point.

Both Class-D personnel begin walking, several minutes pass before they begin speaking to each other.

**D-8341:** You think we should mark our path? Like Theseus or something? So we can find our way back?

**D-4235:** I really doubt we’re gonna be turning around.

**D-4235:** We’re walkin’ in a straight line anyways, shit-for-brains.

Both Class-D continue walking for a few minutes without remark.

**D-8341:** I was just making small talk asshole…

D-4235 begins approaching D-8341 before D-8341 raises his pistol towards him. D-4235 backs off and resumes walking forward.

**D-4235:** If you shot me, you wouldn’t have a gun to defend yourself with. I’d shoot myself in the head.

Several minutes of footsteps and the sound of mucus being pulled and snapping as it sticks to the bottom of their shoes. Vegetation becomes more apparent as large patches of mold start to appear dotting the ground. In the distance, clouds of red gas can be seen as the men shine their lights back and forth, scanning the horizon.

**D-8341:** Mold gives me the fucking creeps.

**D-4235:** Why’re you here anyway?

There’s a small lapse into silence.

**D-8341:** Reading classified documents apparently. They wiped me, so I don’t even have the pleasure of knowing the informa–of knowing what information I thought was worth my life.

**D-4235:** Wow, for a scientist guy you really are a moron, huh.

**D-8341:** [agitated] What did you do, dickhead? Kill hookers?

D-4235 gives off a sound similar to both a laugh and a grunt. Both men remain walking down their lines. Several minutes later, D-4235 would accidentally step in a hole filled with embalming fluid and twist his ankle.

**D-4235:** [shouting] Fuck! Can you give us an ETA or something!? Are you even listening!?

Both D-4235 and D-8341 are unaware that Researcher Irie is—as of this point—deceased.

Two hours have gone by since D-4235 and D-8341 have had any contact with the outpost.

**D-8341:** It’s probably some electronic interference. We’ll get to the location, and then turn back. It’s not like we can receive instructions anyways. We just need to get there and turn around.

**D-8341:** We just need to get there and turn around…

Thirty more minutes of walking, D-8341’s flashlight beam briefly passes over an instance of SCP-9495-A, neither appear to notice.

**D-4235:** Oh man... This is about to get so fuckin' gay.

D-8341 turns in confusion to face D-4235 and shifts his body posture in a way to gain distance.

**D-4235:** Here, let me confide in you a little bit. I just want somebody to feel some empathy for me, if this is my last day on Earth and all.

**D-4235:** Sometimes, there’s just things that happen in life that force you down different turns in the road. Changes the way you see stuff, so you don’t even notice that you’re at a fork.

**D-8341:** What?

**D-4235:** When I was a teenager, I was in and out of the foster system. Eventually, I ended up joinin’ this gang of people in my hometown. I wasn’t ever really all that involved in anything, but they decided to make an example out of me in the courts…

**D-8341:** [confused] Was this like, a white supremacist thing…?

D-8341 cups their hands against their face and begins to sob. Both Class-D continue walking.

**D-8341:** [crying] Oh God. The last thing I’m going to hear before I go to hell is some racist murderer’s retelling of American History X. Oh God. 

**D-4235:** [angered] White nationalist, not white supremacist. I’m not a racist, and I’m NOT a murderer. I don’t have any issues with non-white people. I hate ‘em about as much as I hate any other person. I’m not even all that into white nationalism, I just joined because I needed community… people who could understand rage.

**D-8341:** [exasperated] That still makes you a racist, dude!

D-4235 pushes D-8341 back and falls to the ground.

**D-4235:** [yelling] You think I wanted this? I was born with the feeling of belonging and it was nabbed away from me against my will! So what if I had to resort to violence, so what if I had to lower myself? What the fuck do you know?! You cock-gobbling educated types think you know everything, huh? When have you ever felt as isolated as me?!

D-8341 stares down at D-4235, who slowly begins to rise. D-8341 grabs his wrist and pulls him up. Both men continue walking. Another two hours pass.

**D-4235:** Me and this older kid, I don’t even remember his name anymore, must have been twelve or something… We used to live with this foster family in Louisiana. The mom, well, she was this big old mean bitch. Reminded me of the fat guy from Thomas. The whole house smelled like mildew and cat shit.

**D-4235:** Now me and the other guy were pretty close, we each had our own bike, and we’d spend all our time riding around the neighborhood and bullshittin’ as kids tend to do. Maybe I wouldn’t consider him a brother, but he was my closest friend. We’d build blanket forts and make fun of the fat lady’s shitty cooking.

**D-4235:** Anyways, I’m rambling on… One night, it’s pretty late, and I’m being lulled to sleep by the sound of crickets, when the door opens. The foot of my bed is directly facing the door, so I’m just getting blasted by light. When I open my eyes, the silhouette of my foster mother is standing in the doorway, looking like Satan or something.

**D-4235:** Now—the figure is standing there for a good twenty minutes, but I just pretend to be asleep so she doesn’t hit me with the switch. She starts lumbering over to my bed and straddles me; I start to feel a tug at my pajama pants while I pretend I’m not awake. Maybe ten minutes or ten hours go by, and I look over to my right. My best friend. He’s staring back at me with his eyes wide open I think. I don’t know, my eyes were too blurry to see really. He rolls over in his bed so he’s no longer facing me.

**D-4235:** I stopped talking to him so much after that.

Another hour of footage goes by with the quietude of mucus and undulating flesh. The two Class-D turn their flashlights on, and are shocked to see that they’ve reached the city. Towering monoliths of black pierce the murky crimson skies. Each structure is adorned with massive, bone-carved faces. The emotions on display can be best described as scorn, disgust, and pity. The buildings are ordered in the same way a typical city might be, with streets and wooden sidewalks. In a central area, a preserved and well-kept garden of mold can be seen. In the middle is a perfectly round sphere of glass, a large congregation of SCP-9495-A can be seen kneeling around it. 

**D-8341:** I don’t… I don’t feel so well. Let’s… we should turn around now…

It is assumed that, out of the camera’s view, D-4235 began pressing his pistol against the back of D-8341.

**D-4235:** I don’t think we should yet. If you get a job done, you should get it done right, you know? I think one of my foster fathers said something like that. I don't really remember.

**D-8341:** [trembling] Yeah, you’re… you’re probably right…

The two exhausted D-Class begin to hobble down the sidewalk. Across the street, a line of SCP-9495-A dance down the opposing sidewalk in a manner similar to that of French ballet. A high whistling tune of indeterminate origin echoes through the air. 

**D-4235:** I really just kind of just gave up on romance. Touching a woman… it feels kind of like… like a bundle of roots growing in your stomach.

**D-4235:** So, I had this neighbor, right. Very handsome, taller black gentleman. Used to grill in his driveway, had a bite a few times, he was an excellent cook. We’d pull out lawn chairs and talk for what seemed like ages. I felt, like, a genuine connection to him. It was the closest I’d felt to another person in ages. That’s all I’m gonna say about him, I feel kind of a sick feeling thinking about stuff like that. 

**D-4235:** One day, I’m out riding around town with my buddies, and we group up with another two guys we know. Now, I want you to know that I’m not even really close with these two guys. Honestly, they’re kind of stupid assholes really. We go out to this gravel road out in the middle of who fuckin’ knows where. So here’s the story. This guy found out his faggot son was taking dick from some other queer, right? Now you’d think this was some pedo shit, but the guy’s son was like, 22 years old or something.

**D-8341:** The whistling man, it's-

**D-4235:** Shut the fuck up.

**D-4235:** Okay, so I’m gettin’ kind of a weird feeling about the whole situation, but I’m not gonna get called a pussy, so I keep listening. They’ve apparently got this guy bound and gagged on location. At this point, I’m about to back out, but they pull the guy out… lo and behold; my neighbor is laying in the back of their truck like some fuckin’ Al-Qaeda victim.

**D-4235:** [trembling] Somewhere below the roots, there was this bubbling pit of venom and magma leaking through. I couldn’t get the image of him fucking some guy out of my head. What a disgusting sight. Jesus Christ. I just didn’t say anything, I just hopped in the bed of their truck while they tied his legs to the tailgate. I’m sure my face looked just like it did all those years ago.

**D-4235:** But I just sat there and smoked a cigarette while he screamed, and I kept smoking when the screams became a gurgle, and I kept smoking when he went quiet, and I kept smoking when we threw him in a barrel and rolled him down towards the lake, and I kept smoking when his body came up on the news, and I kept smoking in the interrogation room, and I kept smoking in front of the judge, and I kept smoking in my prison cell, and I kept smoking when they brought me here, and I’m still smoking now…

**D-4235:** And now they all chase me in my dreams. I’m in this black void riding my old bike, but I can’t ever get far. I turn around and my neighbor, my older brother, and the fat lady are never far behind. And I’m scared, because the color in their eyes is like the one under those roots.

By this point, D-4235 becomes aware that the whistling has subsided, and the streets are now devoid of life. He quickly spins around and comes face-to-face with an instance of SCP-9495-A. In a panic, he fires his only shot directly into its chest, to no avail. He quickly backs up, but trips over D-8341, who is screaming in agony as he gets pulled through a hole similar in appearance to a storm drain. D-4235 scuttles back onto his feet and sprints away into an alleyway, he doesn’t make it far due to his ankle injury.

D-4235 curls up into the fetal position and begins to cry, as the rhythmic cacophony of a thousand footsteps resonates around him in every direction. Several instances of SCP-9495-A approach him. Two hold down his arms, while another two pull his legs back. One more cradles his head in its lap, and a sixth begins pinching and twisting off pieces of his hazmat suit in an almost surgical manner. D-4235’s cry turns into a wail.

**D-4235:** [yelling] Stop, please! You can’t, you can’t do this to me! Somebody, help me! I didn’t do anything wrong! I don’t deserve this! Let me go home! You pieces of shit, how dare you?! You don’t know the first thing about me! You want to drag me down with you? I’ll make you all pay! I’ll grind your fucking faces down!

Pieces of D-4235’s skin and epimysiumEpimysium is the fibrous tissue envelope that surrounds muscle. are now being slowly pulled off and removed in bits.

**D-4235:** [screaming] I’m not a faggot! I’m not some pussy. I’m not some weak, helpless child! I’m like you! I’m like you all! Please, I’m just like you people! Don’t reject me, please! Why are you all looking at me like that?! I just want to be like you!

D-4235 continues muttering “I’m like you.” before it eventually becomes an incoherent babble, and then silence. Eventually, his body is dragged off before the camera hits the corner of a wall and is knocked from his head. The footage rolls for 71 more hours without anything of note happening.

[END LOG]

</details>

<< [SCP-9494](SCP-9494) |  SCP-9495 | [SCP-9496](SCP-9496) >>
