**Special Containment Procedures:** 

The areas surrounding instances of SCP-9442-A are to be restricted from civilian access under the guise of various hazardous oceanic conditions. Cover stories for disappearances related to SCP-9442 are to be spread through standard channels, and witnesses to attacks by instances of SCP-9442-A are to be amnesticized. 

Foundation vessels are to avoid the areas surrounding SCP-9442-A instances unless approved for specialized research by Dr. Palmer. Up-to-date maps, both physical and digital, of known and suspected SCP-9442-A instances are available on all seafaring Foundation vessels and Foundation ports. Routes are to be planned accordingly.

~~Further research is to be conducted surrounding means of neutralizing instances of SCP-9442-A.~~ Recommendations of means to neutralize SCP-9442-A instances are encouraged. However, neutralization research is currently considered a low priority.

**Description:**

SCP-9442 designates the spontaneous appearance of hives of several hostile anomalous organisms. These organisms resemble human arms attached to the sea floor. Each hive, hereby designated SCP-9442-A, contains several individual organisms, hereby SCP-9442-B. Instances of SCP-9442-B are genetically identical to humans, and currently possess no known form of sustenance. Instances of SCP-9442-B are believed to form a hivemind localized to each instance of SCP-9442-A. SCP-9442-B instances have the ability to extend and retract themselves from their base on the sea floor, the maximum length of which is currently unknown. SCP-9442-B instances are segmented roughly every 20-40cm with joints resembling human elbows.

In the event that a human enters the water within the range Roughly 10km range for individuals.  of an instance of SCP-9442-A, instances of SCP-9442-B will begin to rapidly extend towards the victim. The instances will then grab them and, once properly secured, retract back into the water at high speeds, dragging the victim down with them.

If a seafaring vessel enters range Roughly 5km range for vessels.  of an SCP-9442-A instance, the vessel will be similarly attacked. Attacks on vessels typically go as follows:

* Instances of SCP-9442-B will grip onto the edges of one side of the vessel and begin to retract, tilting the vessel onto its side. The vessel will be prone to capsizing during this phase, quickening the attack.

* Once occupants of the vessel begin to fall into the water, more SCP-9442-B instances will begin to manifest, dragging the victims into the depths in the manner previously described.

* SCP-9442-B instances will begin to extend toward occupants on the vessel exterior who have been able to avoid falling into the water, securing them and retracting into the ocean as described above.

* Most instances gripping the sides of the vessel, if the vessel has not already capsized, will let go, allowing the vessel to right itself. A few instances will continue gripping the vessel, keeping it anchored it in place.

* Instances will begin to seek out any and all occupants of the vessel’s interior. These victims will be secured and pulled outside before being dragged into the ocean.

* Once the vessel has been cleared of all occupants, the attack will cease. The Foundation has yet to find a way to cause an attack to cease at any earlier stage.

For the most complete record of an SCP-9442 attack, see Addendum 2.

After the cessation of an attack, SCP-9442-B instances will retract into the water. While dormant, the hands of SCP-9442-B will typically float between 10-50 meters below the surface of the ocean. 

New manifestations of SCP-9442-A appear at a currently unknown rate, with current estimations suggesting this rate to be slowing down. It is believe this anomaly originally manifested in the mid-to-late 1970s, with the first recorded attack occurring on June 27th, 1979 (See Addendum 1). There is currently no known way to neutralize instances of SCP-9442-A due to its regenerative properties.  Further research is being conducted to discern the complete regenerative capabilities of the anomaly. 

**Addendum 1:** Initial Discovery

SCP-9442 was first discovered on June 27th, 1979 after an instance of SCP-9442-A attacked a cargo ship off the coast of Louisiana. Following this distress call, no further communication was received from the vessel, and attempts to locate the missing vessel yielded similar disappearances. Suspecting anomalous activity, the Foundation stepped in and began researching the cause of these disappearances.

After locating the exact location of the entity using an unmanned submarine, the Foundation was able to confirm the description of the instance, designating the instance SCP-9442. SCP-9442 was initially believed by the Foundation to be an isolated entity. After a second instance was discovered 6 months later, the current classification structure was adopted.

**Addendum 2:** Record of Initial Foundation Contact

The following is a record of an attack committed by SCP-9442 on the first manned foundation vessel sent to investigate object SCP-9442-A-1. The vessel was staffed by specially trained D-Class individuals, including former Foundation researcher Dr. Julia Chambers, who was demoted to D-Class following [REDACTED]. The research vessel was also outfitted with cameras in order to record potential anomalous activity. The vessel was targeted by SCP-9442-A-1 soon after entering its zone of influence.

**Notable individuals:**

**Dr. Harriet Palmer:** Head of research regarding SCP-9442.

**D-780542:** Dr. Julia Chambers, vessel’s primary anomalous research specialist, hereby D-01.

**D-773451:** Gerald McKinsey, vessel’s captain, hereby D-02.

**D-781253:** Evan Peterson, vessel’s head of security, hereby D-03.

*For full list of the research vessel’s 40 person crew, see Document-9442-7903*

**Begin Log:**

**D-02:** Come in, Dr. Palmer. 

**Dr. Palmer:** Go ahead.

**D-02:** We’ve located one of the missing vessels. Looks like there’s no one aboard. Should we approach? Over.

**Dr. Palmer:** Yes. Get closer, but do not board. Over.

**D-02:** Roger that. Stand by.

*D-02 attempts to maneuver towards the vessel, but is unable to move the research vessel.*

**D-02:** Um, come in, Dr Palmer.

**Dr. Palmer:** Go ahead.

**D-02:** Something’s got us… locked in place. It’s like we’re anchored, but… I’m unsure what could be stopping a ship this big. Over.

**Dr. Palmer:** Figure out what’s going on and fix it and report back. Over.

**D-02:** Yeah, yeah. Roger that- the hell?. We’re… we’re tipping! I repeat, we’re tipping! Over!

**Dr. Palmer:** What do you mean you’re tipping? What’s tipping you? Over!

**D-02:** I can’t see, I’ll check with Peterson, see if he can check the cameras. Over. 

*D-02 begins communication with D-03.*

**D-02:** Peterson, the hell is tipping us? Can you see? Over.

**D-03:** It’s… hands. Gotta be dozens. They’re just grabbing the starboard rails of the ship. They’re just… pulling us down. Over.

**D-02:** Hands? What does that mean? Explain, over!

**D-03:** I mean hands, human hands. They’re reaching out of the water and… Jesus!

*Onboard cameras record three D-Class crew members falling over the side of the ship over the railing. Once they hit the water, instances of SCP-9442-B grab them and pull them underwater.*

**D-03:** I don’t know if you’re seeing this… they’re pulling everyone under! The moment you hit the water… they just… swarm you. Over.

**D-02:** I’ll contact Palmer. You set off an emergency alarm and tell everyone what’s going on. Over and out.

*D-02 reestablishes contact with Dr. Palmer as an emergency siren begins to sound. D-03 can be heard speaking over speakers to the crew.*

**D-03:** Attention! The ship is under attack by a highly dangerous anomaly. If you are on the deck, get inside now! Find a safe place to hide. This is not a drill!

**D-02:** Come in, Doc!

**Dr. Palmer:** Go ahead.

**D-02:** I think we found the anomaly. We sailed right into it! There are hands, human hands! They’re grabbing the side of our ship and pulling into the water. We’re tipping, and whenever someone hits the water they grab ‘em! They pull them down, and… they’re dead, they’ve gotta be. Over!

**Dr. Palmer:** Understood. Are emergency procedures being enacted? Over.

**D-02:** What do you think, Doc? Peterson’s telling everyone to find a safe place to hide. If we get back upright I’ll try to take back control. Anything else I should do? Over.

**Dr. Palmer:** Contact D-780542. She will have more knowledge on the situation, and has more than enough experience to guide you. Over.

**D-02:** 542… 542… Chambers, got it! Roger that, over and out!

*Outside, cameras pick up instances of SCP-9442-B attacking the remaining D-Class on the vessel’s deck. Most D-Class are easily secured and pulled into the ocean. One D-Class, since identified as D-752281, can be seen holding onto the portside railing. As various instances attempt to secure D-752281, a single instance extends towards his hand. The instance begins to pry his fingers off the railing. Once successful, the remaining instances pull him into the water. The ship begins to right itself as SCP-9442 instances let go of the side of the ship. D-02 contacts D-01, who is currently located in the security office.*

**D-02:** Come in Dr. Chambers!

**D-01:** I’m here. I’m trying to get caught up with everything, what do you need? Over.

**D-02:** I’m trying to get control back, is there anything else I should be doing to… the hell?

*Security cameras pick up instances of SCP-9442-B slamming into the glass of the vessel’s bridge.*

**D-01:** What’s going on? Captain, are you safe? Over!

**D-02:** The hands, they’re… they’re slamming the glass! They’re trying to get in! They… oh God!

*Glass can be heard shattering over the microphone. The line goes dead, and the cameras pick up SCP-9442-B instances grabbing D-02 and pulling him out through the window. D-02 is quickly dragged into the ocean.*

**D-01:** Shit! Peterson, have everyone find somewhere to hide. We might just have to wait this out. 

*D-03 speaks over the intercom.*

**D-03:** Emergency! The anomaly is beginning to attack the interior! Find a safe place to hide or you will die!

**D-01:** I’m going to head to the emergency safe room, or at least try. I’ll see what I can do from there.

**D-03:** Are you sure it’s a good idea to be out in the open like that?

**D-01:** Worst case scenario, I can at least do some damage to some of the entities. Low-risk D-Class aboard the vessel were provided with a knife and taser for use in potential confrontations.  Plus, we’re sitting ducks here. It’s only a matter of time before one of them gets in.

*As D-01 makes her way towards the safety room, she is cut off by a single instance of SCP-9442-B, which was initially assisting other instances in the abduction of D-750131 moments prior.*

*Once the instance attempts to attack D-01, D-01 uses her provided hunting knife to sever the instance’s hand off by the wrist. After a moment of hesitation, D-01 takes the hand and attempts to retreat to the safety room nearby. Cameras are able to pick up fingers emerging from the stump of the arm, pushing viscera out through the wound. From the stump, a full hand emerges, growing into place of the hand D-01 was able to sever.*

**D-01:** Jesus Christ! 

*D-01 is able to enter the emergency safety room, now pursued by several instances of SCP-9442-B. As she attempts to seal the room, multiple instances block the door from closing.*

*D-01 initially attempts to use her knife, but a single instance grabs the blade, severing several of its own fingers while flinging the knife across the room. D-01 then uses the taser provided to shock instances clogging the doorway. The strength of the instances falter enough for D-01 to clear them from the doorway and seal the safety room. D-01 uses the communications device within the room.*

**D-01:** Hello? Is anybody there? Over.

**D-03:** Jesus, Chambers, are you ok? Those things almost got you. Over.

**D-01:** I’m fine, I was able to… huh?

*D-773451 slams on the door to the emergency safety room. Before D-01 can make her way back towards the doorway, an instance of SCP-9442-B slams D-773451’s head into the metal door, knocking him into a daze. Further instances then approach and abduct the D-Class.*

**D-03:** Don’t you dare open that door, you barely got in with your life! 

*Instances of SCP-9442-B begin slamming on the security room door.*

**D-03:** Shit! Chambers, you’ve gotta figure something out, you got that? You’re one of the doctors, or were, right? 

**D-01:** It’s not that simple, Peterson. I…

*The SCP-9442-B instances successfully break down the door and abduct D-03.*

**D-01:** Peterson? Shit! I… I’ve gotta wait this out. Once it leaves, I can take inventory of the remaining crew and move on from there.

*SCP-9442-B instances continue their assault on the ship until most D class are abducted. The instances are unable to breach the emergency safety room. After a 15 minute period of inactivity from SCP-9442-A, D-01 activates the emergency room’s communication system.*

**D-01:** If anybody is left onboard, please respond! I repeat, if anybody is left onboard, respond!

*After no response occurs, no further communication is attempted. D-01 navigates towards the bridge of the vessel. D-01 approaches the captain’s chair and activates the radio communications.*

**D-01:** Come in, Foundation.

**Dr. Palmer:** D-780542, is that you? What the hell is going on over there? Over!

**D-01:** I’m sure you’ve been filled in on the anomaly, so I won’t bother. It’s gotten everyone else, and I think it’s over with now. I’m familiar enough with how to navigate this thing, so I’m requesting permission to return to provide whatever I can on the anomaly. Over.

**Dr. Palmer:** Permission granted, over.

**D-01:** Thanks, Harriet… now all I’ve got to do is… 

*After a brief pause, D-01 begins to laugh.*

**D-01:** Son of a bitch!

*Communication ceases for the final time. SCP-9442-B instances secure and pull D-01 out through the window.*

*One month later, the vessel was recovered by the Foundation after it left SCP-9442-A-1’s zone of influence. All data onboard was catalogued with oversight from Dr. Harriet Palmer, and the sample recovered by D-01 was analyzed.*

**Addendum 3:** A Message from Dr. Palmer (December 4th, 2002)

Hello staff. As this document is Level 1, per my recommendation, many members of Foundation staff have expressed concern regarding the prevalence of this anomaly, some even going as far as to attack my approach towards containment. I normally wouldn’t respond, but these patterns of behavior have gotten frustrating enough that I have decided to make a statement regarding SCP-9442. 

Yes, this anomaly is prevalent and dangerous. That much is clear. We as humans have gotten used to being at the apex of the food chain, and have gotten complacent as a result. This anomaly threatens that perception. As a reflex, many have encouraged me to make SCP-9442’s neutralization a higher priority.

I am not here to tell you the anomaly is not dangerous, nor that we don’t want recommendations on how to neutralize instances wherever necessary. I am here to remind you that this anomaly, dangerous and anomalous as it is, is a part of nature.

This anomaly only predates on humans. To the natural world, this anomaly is an opportunity. Entire deep sea ecosystems have appeared surrounding colonies. It seems that this anomaly is, from the perspective of the natural world, a deep sea miracle on the level of a whale fall.

Current containment procedures are effective. SCP-9442 has been responsible for less and less death as our maps have grown more accurate. The anomaly itself is spawning at a decreasing rate. For all intents and purposes, we are reaching a state of coexistence with it, a coexistence that too much interference threatens. It is dangerous, but that is the nature of a predator. Our goal at the Foundation is to contain, not to destroy. Remember our mission.

Dr. Harriet Palmer

**Addendum 4:** Revision Request

According to currently available data, SCP-9442 has stopped manifesting new instances of SCP-9442-A. The most recent known SCP-9442-A instance manifested was estimated to be created in 2020. A request has been submitted by Dr. Palmer to revise the entity description to reflect this development.

> **Filename:** snatchers.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:**  [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-9442)

<< [SCP-9441](SCP-9441) | SCP-9442 | [SCP-9443](SCP-9443) >>
