**Item #:** SCP-9115

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9115 instances are to be recovered when utilized during crimes, but are otherwise to be considered non-anomalous. Contained instances are to be stored in the minimal-risk vault at Site-46.

**Description:** SCP-9115 is the collective designation for an unknown quantity of visually indistinct stones. Despite no evident memetic, compulsory, or mind-altering anomalous properties, SCP-9115 instances have been utilized in an unusually high quantity of violent incidents, in particular violent incidents affecting minors in the contiguous United States.

All known instances of SCP-9115 appear to have originated in Dearborn, Michigan, separated from a larger rock by a chain gang in late 1932. It is likely that the instances were originally intended to be used in the construction of interstate highways. It is unclear why they were not ultimately used for this purpose, instead ending up disseminated across the United States in the following century.

**History:** The first SCP-9115 instance brought to Foundation attention was recovered following its use in the violent murder of a child in Cambridge, Massachusetts by one John Graham. A local lawyer, with no history of violent criminal activity.  During questioning by local police, Mr Graham claimed to have had no intention of harming the child, and insisted that it had "run out in front of [him]." 

The item was retrieved by regional Foundation Agents and rigorously tested for anomalous effects that could explain the apparently incongruous nature of the crime. None were found, and the instance was catalogued for low-risk storage.

Mr Graham was convicted of manslaughter, and sentenced to 364 days in prison.

Over the proceeding 20 years, 23 further incidents would be brought to Foundation attention. All instances have since been relocated to Site-46 for convenience.

**Addendum:** A comprehensive review of SCP-9115 instances at Site-46 was conducted in April of 2027. The review confirmed all previous tests regarding the anomalous properties of SCP-9115, that the instances do not anomalously induce any form of violent behaviour. 

However, maximum fidelity electron microscopy revealed that each SCP-9115 instance is composed entirely of molecules each perfectly resembling a 2024 Ford F-150 Raptor. Research into this fact is currently ongoing.

<< [SCP-9114](SCP-9114) | SCP-9115 | [SCP-9116](SCP-9116) >>

> **Filename:** Rock.jpg

> **Author:** USGS Bee Inventory and Monitoring Lab from Beltsville, Maryland, USA

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ritually_Killed_Gorget,_435B_A_2015-03-12-11.42.31_ZS_PMax_Panorama_(16962026710).jpg
