/* Site-58 stuff by OriTiefling*/

:root {

  ~~logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/secure-facility-dossier-site-58/58logo.png);

  --title: "SITE-58:";

  --subtitle: "BRIDGING THE GAPS BETWEEN US";

}

/* Mail CSS */

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

/* Diary page maria*/

.pagemaria {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    font-size:1.3em;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

.pagejulia {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Lucida Handwriting", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    font-size:1em;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 227, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

Info about the article

⚠️ **Content warning:** Mention/discussion of abuse, and the physical and mental scars it leaves. Experiment SCP-9266-E9 contains descriptions of choking from lack of oxygen.

@@ @@

#### NOTICE: FILE REVISION IN PROGRESS

This document is being revised due to Dr. Joseph Tomson’s misconduct as project lead. Parts of the following information may be incorrect. New and more accurate Containment Procedures and Description sections are being drafted.

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9266 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at [Site-17](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/site-17-hub), and examined for new SCP-9266-1 growths every two weeks. New growths are to be documented and monitored for blooming and discovered buds are to be sprayed with common herbicides. Dead plant matter is to be removed and disposed of through the normal disposal methods for safe anomalous biological waste.

In cases where a SCP-9266-1 growth covers SCP-9266’s mouth, eyes, genitalia, or anus, to the point where it impedes SCP-9266’s ability to use the obstructed orifice or organ, the SCP-9266-1 growth is to be removed as soon as possible.

Due to SCP-9266’s hostility towards Foundation personnel, any personnel entering SCP-9266’s containment chamber must be accompanied by at least one member of security staff. Any requests for items of entertainment are to be denied until SCP-9266’s behavior has improved.

**Description:** SCP-9266 is Julia Quartz, an anomalous human female, age 30 at the time of containment. SCP-9266 has leafless, dark-green, vine-like growths on its body, from here on out referred to as SCP-9266-1. SCP-9266-1 and its flowers do not correspond to any known plant, anomalous or otherwise. How these came to grown on SCP-9266 is currently unknown.

SCP-9266 does not eat more than a baseline human but does consume more water. SCP-9266-1 instances undergo photosynthesis and produce small amounts of oxygen that are supplied directly to SCP-9266's bloodstream, suggesting a symbiotic relationship.

An SCP-9266-1 growth has an average lifecycle of 7 months in which it blooms 4 to 5 times, before withering and falling off SCP-9266, leaving no scarring unless forcibly removed. SCP-9266-1 growths initially start as a small sprout on SCP-9266's bone structure. It then grows out towards SCP-9266's skin, eventually exiting. The SCP-9266-1 instance sometimes grow to hang loosely from their exit point, but most grow along SCP-9266's skin, before once again entering the body and attaching the free end to the bone. Growths have not been observed to directly cover necessary orifices, like mouth or anus, but have in rare cases partially obstructed access to them.

Bulbs take 10 to 14 days to grow before flowering for 5 to 8 days, after which they wither, dry and fall off. The flowers that sprout from SCP-9266 have been compared to orchids in smell, while visually being more akin to a rose, though its colors are not limited to those of roses.

For unknown reasons SCP-9266-1 growths have lost some of their elasticity, as their skin has gotten rougher and firmer since it was first contained. The flowers blooming on SCP-9266-1 instances have also grown less vibrant with each cycle.

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-9266-A5:**

On 04/07-2024 SCP-9266 filed a complaint to the Ethics Committee, with help from janitorial staff, concerning Dr. Joseph Tomson’s conduct, claiming he abused the power his position granted over it. An investigation was launched, and Dr. Tomson was found to have done needless and cruel testing on SCP-9266, punished it for negligible disobedience, needlessly revoked- and denied it access to recreational activities, along with numerous cases of mental and physical abuse.

Dr. Tomson has been deemed unfit continue as SCP-9266’s containment lead and has been removed from his position, along with implicated staff. Relevant disciplinary actions have been taken.

Dr. Maria Castrillo has been chosen as the new project lead from 04/26-2024. Additionally, most interviews and experiment logs from Dr. Tomson’s time as lead have had their access requirements raised to level 3 security clearance for personnel not on SCP-9266’s containment team, due to their morally sensitive nature. All testing involving SCP-9266 has been suspended until further notice.

**Restricted Experiments and Addenda:**

<details>
<summary>+ View Content</summary>

>

> = **ACCESS DENIED. INSUFFICIENT CLEARANCE LEVEL**

>

</details>

**Experiment SCP-9266-E9:**

= **EXPERIMENT LOG**

---

**Note:** This experiment log has retained its level 1 clearance requirement to serve as an example of what Dr. Tomson did to warrant his removal. Read at your own discretion.

**Background:** After one year in containment it was noted that SCP-9266 consumes an amount of food expected of a baseline human female of its stature, but consumes more liquid than expected, leading to theories of SCP-9266-1 growths photosynthesizing.

**Method:** By activating the hermetic seal in SCP-9266's containment chamber and slowly lowering the level of oxygen supplied to the cell until SCP-9266 shows a reaction, we will be able to gauge whether SCP-9266-1 instances photosynthesize. By comparing expected oxygen levels to actual oxygen levels in the containment chamber, we will know if the SCP-9266-1 growths releases oxygen to the air around SCP-9266. If SCP-9266-1 instances does not produce any oxygen SCP-9266 will show strong reactions to the low oxygen between 14% and 10% at the latest.

---

Expected oxygen levels

21.5%

SCP-9266 is seen walking aimlessly in its containment chamber. Oxygen levels are normal. Expected- and actual oxygen levels match.

17%

SCP-9266 shows no reaction to the lowered oxygen levels. Expected- and actual oxygen levels match.

14%

SCP-9266 seem to notice the lowered air quality. It attempts to look into the ventilation, presumably to look for possible obstructions. Expected- and actual oxygen levels match.

12%

SCP-9266 attempts to contact personnel to inform them of the issues with its air supply. Its message is received by experiment staff, who assures SCP-9266 they are looking into the issue. Expected- and actual oxygen levels match.

9%

SCP-9266 is visibly affected by the low oxygen in the room, its breathing is heightened. It sits down on its cot. Expected- and actual oxygen levels match.

6%

SCP-9266 collapses on its cot, struggling for breath. Experiment ends. Oxygen level restored to 21.5%.

---

**Final Notes:** : The lack of a discrepancy between the expected- and actual oxygen levels in SCP-9266's cell suggests SCP-9266-1 growths do not perform photosynthesis, however, SCP-9266's delayed reactions to the lowered oxygen levels in its cell could suggest that SCP-9266-1 growths could possibly be supplying oxygen directly into SCP-9266's bloodstream.

A repetition of the experiment while monitoring SCP-9266's blood oxygen levels could help look into this new hypothesis. SCP-9266's uncooperativeness could pose a challenge, but, if necessary, we can strap it down. It could also be interesting to take a closer look at what the -1 growths are connected to inside SCP-9266.

- Dr. Joseph Tomson

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-25:**

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Castrillo enters SCP-9266's room, flanked by a guard who stops by the door. SCP-9266's right hand is cuffed to the table. It looks up at Dr. Castrillo and the guard but otherwise doesn’t react. Dr. Castrillo sits down at the opposite side of the table.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Hello, I am Maria Castrillo. I’m going to be responsible for your care now.

*Dr. Castrillo reaches her hand out for a handshake.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m sorry for what Tomson did to you. It was horrible. I’ve managed to scale back some of the rules he made regarding how we are supposed to treat you, so things should get better now. I hope you understand the rest of us aren’t like him.

**SCP-9266:** Sure. Could we not talk about him?

*Dr. Castrillo pulls back her hand when SCP-9266 doesn’t take it.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Alright. I have arranged for you to start sessions with a site psychologist when you feel you’re ready. Until then—

**SCP-9266:** I don’t need a shrink.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I see. Just know the offer still stands in case you change your mind. Again, I apologize for what happened to you, and I understand if you’re hesitant to trust me. I’ll be doing my best to make up for it.

**SCP-9266:** Are you done?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Almost. What would you prefer I call you?

**SCP-9266:** Oh, I get to have a name now? Julia.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Thank you. Again, I am so sorry for what has been done to you. I’ll do all I can to make you feel safe here.

**SCP-9266:** How about just letting me out?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m sorry, but that is not an option.

*Thirteen seconds of silence.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** I get the memo. Thank you for your time, Julia.

[END LOG]

---

**Final Notes:** Tomson has left a deep-seated mistrust towards the Foundation in SCP-9266, which is going to make my work with it quite challenging. It has refused the offer of psychiatric help, but I am going to ask again later when it might be more cooperative, and able to see how it could help.

- Dr. Castrillo

@@ @@

They have given me a new handler now. She seems nice, but so did Tomson at first. Wonder how long it’ll be until she shows her true colors. I just hope whatever she decides to do

No. She’s probably going to be just as heartless.

@@ @@

 

**Addendum SCP-9266-A6:**

Dr. Castrillo put in a request for a reevaluation of previously denied requests for recreational entertainment for SCP-9266, on the grounds that the rejections were based on an incorrect view of SCP-9266.

**Status:** Approved.

SCP-9266 has been provided with access to ECTEthics Committee Type (ECT) is a way of classifying sentient anomalies on the threat they pose and how cooperative they are. They generally range from A: highly dangerous and totally uncooperative, to C: mild anomalies and very cooperative. B level entertainment options including a music player with a limited library and permission to request reading materials.

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-26:**

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*As Dr. Castrillo and the guard enters, she turns to him and says a few words.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Hello Julia. Have you gotten anything to read?

**SCP-9266:** Yes. In the time I’ve been here my favorite book series has had *two* new releases.

**Dr. Castrillo:** That’s nice.

**SCP-9266:** No. No, it isn’t. So much has happened in the two years since you locked me up. The world outside is moving on, while I am in here, cut off from everything. I don’t even know how my family is doing. Do they know I’m here?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m sorry. They don’t.

**SCP-9266:** Then what? They must be worried sick!

**SCP-9266:** No, it’s been two years. They think I’m dead, right?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m sorry Julia.

*No one speaks for four seconds.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** I know now is a bad time, but I would like to go over some of the things... my predecessor has written down about you, to make sure it is correct.

**SCP-9266:** What the fuck?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I should have waited until another time. Sorry.

**SCP-9266:** It has been less than a week since you took over. Just a month since that *monster* stopped torturing me, and you just confirmed to me that my family thinks I have been dead for the past two years! Of course, this is a bad time!

*The guard steps forward at SCP-9266's outburst, but Dr. Castrillo holds out a hand, and he stops.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** You’re right. I’ve been too focused on what was done to you; I failed to think of how you have adjusted to containment—your life here. I’m sorry.

**Dr. Castrillo:** How much do you know of where you are, and the Foundation as a whole?

**SCP-9266:** ‘Foundation’ rings a bell from the things they told me when they first threw me in here. That was the only time they told me anything about who you people are.

**Dr. Castrillo:** What? I’m sorry Julia. I didn’t know how little you had been told. I can give you a very short rundown of it all if you want.

**SCP-9266:** Yes.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Alright. I am an employee of the SCP Foundation. An organization created to protect the world from things that would threaten the perception of normalcy. We do that by hiding them away—if possible—or otherwise work to limit the exposure to the rest of the world.

**SCP-9266:** And I am one such ‘threat to normalcy’.

**Dr. Castrillo:** To put it bluntly: Yes. Your growths aren’t dangerous, but they’re not normal. Hence why this is necessary.

**SCP-9266:** Okay. Where am I?

**Dr. Castrillo:** You are at Site-17—a fairly average containment site. A lot of different types of anomalies are kept here, but apart from being one of the bigger sites we aren’t anything special, as far as I know. I’m not allowed to tell you where it is located.

**SCP-9266:** Why do you do this?

**Dr. Castrillo:** That is a complicated question... The origin of the Foundation is widely disputed, and each story brings its own philosophy as to why we do what we do, but the common answer is to protect the world from threats and knowledge it is not ready to handle—creating a world where people don’t have to worry that looking at the wrong picture could kill them or have to deal with irregularities in what is otherwise seen as indisputable fact. Quite literally a blissful ignorance.

**SCP-9266:** Are there many normal things that can be deadly? Like what?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I am not sure what I am allowed to tell you. I promise I will look into what I can say, when I have the time.

**SCP-9266:** Thank you. Though my previous question was meant for you, personally. Why do you do this?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Before I came here, I had worked in a bunch of different humanitarian fields—often ones that involved highly troubled people. When I was approached with the offer of a position where I could help people whose world had been turned upside down in major ways, I couldn’t say no. Of course, I couldn’t imagine it would be like this, but I’m glad I said yes. I live to help people who hurt, people like you.

**SCP-9266:** You have anyone other than me, you… work with?

**Dr. Castrillo:** No, not currently. It is all you. For now.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Any more questions?

**SCP-9266:** Not right now. This has given me some things to think on.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Alright. I am going to make sure you get the briefing you were supposed to have gotten when you first got here, as soon as possible. And as I should have done this way earlier: next time is just going to be about us getting to know each other.

[END LOG]

---

**Final Notes:** SCP-9266 has been in our care for two years and it wasn’t informed of its rights or who we are. This suggests a critical lack of oversight, which would explain how Tomson got away with his inhumane treatment of SCP-9266. If I find more signs of purposeful- or failed oversight I will report the management of this division of the site to the Ethics Committee, as our internal systems obviously don’t care enough to actually do their job.

- Dr. Castrillo

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-27:**

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*SCP-9266 is sitting at the interview table. Castrillo has brought a bag.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Sorry I wasn’t able to get you out of those cuffs sooner. I know why the rules are as they are, it’s just… You’re only uncooperative because of what we did to you. Why can’t they see that?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Sorry. How was the orientation?

*SCP-9266 shrugs.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Julia, please. I’m trying to do better and help you, but I can’t help you if you don’t let me.

**SCP-9266:** Fine. So, we’re going to take turns telling each other something about ourselves?

**Dr. Castrillo:** No. That would immediately get awkward. I personally feel like it is easier to talk while doing something else. How do you like boardgames?

**SCP-9266:** Depends on the game.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Do you know Flamecraft?

**SCP-9266:** I have been wanting to try that since I first saw those adorable dragons on the box. Is this yours?

**Dr. Castrillo:** No, I borrowed it from the breakroom. I do have a copy myself.

*Dr. Castrillo guides SCP-9266 though setup, explain the rules, and they start playing. Irrelevant conversation has been removed for brevity.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** So, what did you do before you got here?

**SCP-9266:** I worked in HR at ██████. Not exactly thrilling, but it paid the bills.

**Dr. Castrillo:** And what did you do in your spare time? Played a lot of boardgames?

**SCP-9266:** Not really. Played with friends now and then, but I’ve always preferred video games.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m more into boardgames myself. What kind of video games did you play?

**SCP-9266:** Shooters, mostly.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Were you good at them?

**SCP-9266:** No, but I had fun.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Hey, if you activate that dragon, you can move it over there and you'll get the two of those.

**SCP-9266:** You're helping me?

*Dr. Castrillo shrugs.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Pup-stomping isn't fun, though I can stop giving you hints if you want.

**SCP-9266:** No, no. I think I’m going to need it if I want a chance to catch up to you.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I don’t know; the enchantment you can afford now has the potential to give you a nice boost depending on what you draw from it.

**SCP-9266:** I doubt it, but you’re the expert. It’s your turn by the way.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Oh right.

**SCP-9266:** What do you usually do when you’re not working? Ah damn. If I have to pay to go there my plan won’t work.

*Dr. Castrillo chuckles.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** I used to have a small balcony garden I spend a lot of time on, though that hasn’t really been an option for me since I came here. I also quite enjoy cooking and baking. And reading.

**SCP-9266:** I wouldn’t mind trying your cooking one day.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I wouldn’t mind either, but I can’t entertain the idea much. Rules are rules. Sorry.

*Irrelevant conversation has been removed for brevity.*

[END LOG]

---

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-44:**

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

**Note:** Three weeks ago, an SCP-9266-1 growth appeared above SCP-9266's left eye, and started growing down towards it. In the time since its last session with Dr. Castrillo, the SCP-9266-1 has grown to partially obstruct its eye.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Castrillo:** Good morning, Julia. Do you want us to, uhm, do something about that vine?

**SCP-9266:** No, I’ll be fine.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Are you sure? Seven months is a long time to have your eye covered.

**SCP-9266:** Yes, but it’s only partial, and my other eye is entirely free so it won’t be a problem.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Alright. If you change your mind—

**SCP-9266:** I’m! Fine!

**Dr. Castrillo:** Sorry.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Hey, I— Can I ask how it feels to have…

*Dr. Castrillo points to spots on her own body where SCP-9266 has SCP-9266-1 instances growing.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** What do you call them? I think I would call them vines.

**SCP-9266:** That’s also what I’ve been thinking of them as.

**Dr. Castrillo:** How does it feel to have the vines growing on you. Do you ever feel like they restrict you in some way? Limit how much you can bend your arm or such?

**SCP-9266:** Sometimes. Depends a lot on where they are. They can be annoying if they are near a joint, but they are somewhat flexible, which helps, but they can be restrictive.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Sounds uncomfortable.

*SCP-9266 shrugs.*

**SCP-9266:** I’ve gotten used to it.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Do you feel anything when they start wilting?

**SCP-9266:** Don’t you dare go there.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Sorry.

**SCP-9266:** I know what you’re trying to do. You’re starting with this, but you’re gonna lead it into the shit *he* did to me.

**Dr. Castrillo:** No, I was just—

**SCP-9266:** Shut up! A few weeks ago you wanted to verify if what he did to me lead to wrong conclusions, but you didn’t get anything. Now you’re just trying to be coy about how you go about it. It might just be words on a page for you, but to me, that was recent fucking events!

**Dr. Castrillo:** I swear, that wasn’t my intention. I’m sorry. I’m going to leave. I’m so sorry, Julia.

[END LOG]

---

**Final Notes:** Tomson has left SCP-9266 with a deep aversion towards the idea of us handling its -1 growths in any way. I am unsure if its reaction to my suggestion of us removing it was entirely because of that, or if from its perspective I might as well have suggested we cut off one of its fingers. It depends a lot on if it sees its -1 growths as a part of itself.

- Dr. Castrillo

@@ @@

**From:** Dr. Maria Castrillo

**To:** SCP-9266 Containment Team;

**Subject:** Regarding testing

---

I have heard talk of putting in a request to lift the suspension on testing on SCP-9266. 

As it stands now, SCP-9266 is willing to talk to me, but it wouldn't take much for it to refuse to do even that. If we start testing now, even non-invasive testing, it is sure to think we are just as bad as Tomson's people, and if that happens I am never going get it to cooperate again. For that reason, I am not going to consider any requests to lift the suspension put in place by the Ethics Committee.

If you are considering putting in a request directly to the Ethics Committee, despite my disapproval, I suggest you look at what Tomson has put it through before doing so.

Dr. Maria Castrillo

SCP-9266 Project Lead

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-45:**

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Castrillo:** Julia, I’m sorry for last time. I should have stopped the first time you said no, and I should have known you weren’t in a mindset that was fit for the question I asked. I should have been more careful.

**SCP-9266:** I also need to apologize. I don’t know what came over me. Your question was uncomfortable, but my reaction was way too harsh. I shouldn’t have yelled at you. You were just curious. I’m not sure why I lashed out like that…

**Dr. Castrillo:** You have been through a lot, and I approached a topic that reminded you of something horrible. It’s not unusual for people in your situation to react badly when pushed like that, but I appreciate the apology. If you need someone to talk to, I’m here. I can’t promise it will be off the record—I’ll have to look into that—but I will listen and do my best to help. Alright?

*SCP-9266 nods.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Great. Do you have anything you want to talk about today?

**SCP-9266:** No pre-determined topic for today?

**Dr. Castrillo:** No. I don’t want us meeting to be formal. I want us to be able to just talk. Whether that is about something you feel is pressing in the moment, or something as banal as what book you’re reading. I want to do my best to make you feel at home here.

**SCP-9266:** Because this is where I’ll be spending the rest of my life.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Yes…

**SCP-9266:** Fine. I’ll bite. How much do you know about comics? Superheroes specifically.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Not much. Watched some of the cartoons as a kid and I’ve watched a couple of the live action movies with my nephews, but apart from that, not really anything.

**SCP-9266:** Okay, so we’re starting from the bottom. Before I begin, a warning: I can talk about this for hours.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I don’t mind. I love listening to people talk about things they are passionate about, and I would love to learn more about the things that interests you.

**SCP-9266:** Don’t say I didn’t warn you.

*Half an hour of SCP-9266 telling Dr. Castrillo about comics has been removed for brevity.*

[END LOG]

---

@@ @@

**Incident report SCP-9266-I11:**

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

On 06/29-2024 14:43, janitorial staff entered SCP-9266’s containment chamber for weekly cleaning. SCP-9266 reacted in a highly distraught manner, and repeatedly asked for Dr. Castrillo to be brought to its cell.

---

*Dr. Castrillo enters SCP-9266’s containment chamber. SCP-9266 is sitting on its cot, having wrapped itself in its covers. It is breathing rapidly and it is crying.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** I came as fast as I could. What happened?

**SCP-9266:** They came in to clean, and I just… I don’t know why this is happening.

*SCP-9266 stops speaking as its focus shifts to its panicked state. Castrillo turns to the janitors.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** She is having a panic attack. You need to leave.

*As the janitors leave Dr. Castrillo moves a chair so she can sit in front of SCP-9266.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** You're doing good, Julia. You needed me and you got them to call me. Now I'm here and I'm going to help you calm down. You with me?

*SCP-9266 nods.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Good. I’m going to guide you through a simple breathing exercise. Tried and true. I use it myself when I get overwhelmed. We’re gonna be breathing in a specific cycle: First we breathe in over the course of five seconds, then we hold it for five seconds, breathe out for five seconds and hold it for five seconds again, and then repeat. I’m going to be drawing a square in the air to help you follow along. Like this:

*Dr. Castrillo goes through a cycle of box breathing, drawing a side of a square in the air as she goes through each step.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** We’ll do it together. You think you can do that?

**SCP-9266:** Y-yeah. I think so.

*SCP-9266 and Dr. Castrillo goes through cycles of box breathing and similar exercises, and SCP-9266 slowly calms down.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** I know you said no when I first asked, but please consider talking to a psychologist. This kind of thing doesn’t go away on its own. It could actually get worse. I know you don’t trust us much, but please. Just think about it.

**SCP-9266:** I’ll consider it, just don’t leave. Please.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I won’t. I’m staying for as long as you need.

[END LOG]

---

**Final Notes:** SCP-9266 has agreed to see a psychologist and has been scheduled to have its first session with Dr. Johannes Dahl as soon as possible.

@@ @@

It is hard to get out of the door to talk to Johannes. I know my cell. I don't know the hallways, I don't know his office. I know it is for my own good, but that doesn't make it any easier. I'll do my best to power through it.

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-51:**

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266 

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Castrillo:** How are you finding the psychology sessions?

**SCP-9266:** They’re rough. Even getting there is hard. I don’t like leaving my cambers.

**Dr. Castrillo:** It is understandable with what you’ve been through. This place is familiar. The outside isn’t. Do you want to talk about what makes the sessions hard? It’s alright if you don’t.

**SCP-9266:** I often end up crying, and when I get back, I feel drained. It is wild that just an hour of talking can take so much out of you.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I know. I’ve had my own share of draining psych sessions. I remember days when I crashed on the sofa as soon as I got home.

**SCP-9266:** What did you go for?

**SCP-9266:** …If you don’t mind me asking.

**Dr. Castrillo:** It’s not a big deal. Just anxiety related to phone calls.

**SCP-9266:** I’m sorry.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Don’t worry about it. It’s not a problem anymore. Sometimes I still get a bit tense when I hear something that sounds like a phone buzzing, but it’s rare now.

**SCP-9266:** So, do you have anything scheduled for us today?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I do… I think I know the answer already, but I need to ask. And please let me finish before you say anything. The last time you had a medical examination, was when you first got here. I would like it for you to have another as soon as possible, to make sure make sure my predecessor’s neglect hasn’t had a massive impact on your health. There are also the unknowns stemming from how little actual knowledge we have on how your vines affect your body. It is also necessary if you end up wanting medicine for your treatment.

**SCP-9266:** I appreciate your concern, but no. You have done more than enough prodding on me. If you want to learn something about my body or vines, look at what you already have. I only said yes to the psychology sessions because I need them. I’m not going to let you touch me until I know it is necessary.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I expected that would be the case, and I respect your choice, but please don’t keep it to yourself if you get sick. I know it’s a lot to ask of you, but I would hate for you to struggle with something we could have prevented.

**SCP-9266:** I won’t make promises I can’t keep.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I understand.

[END LOG]

---

**Final Notes:** Like I did with psychological help, I am going to suggest medical examination to SCP-9266 again at a time where she might be more agreeable to it.

- Dr. Castrillo

@@ @@

**September 28th, 2025**

What is wrong with this place? Julia has deep scars from what Tomson did to her, and the higher ups are looking for ways to cut costs on her containment. Yes, her sessions with Johannes are expensive, but she needs them. I know it's them looking for ways of saving money right now, but why can't they see her being in a better place mentally is going to be cheaper in the long run?

I need to get out of this hellhole. And so does Julia. Maybe Johannes can help. 

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-9266-A7:**

Following incident SCP-9266-I11, SCP-9266 has had a number of sessions with psychologist Dr. Dahl and has been diagnosed with Complex Post-Traumatic Stress DisorderWhile PTSD and CPTSD share many traits in symptoms and treatments, the main difference stems from the traumatizing event. PTSD often stems from a single traumatic experience, while CPTSD is caused by repeated- or long-term traumatic experiences. For additional information seek out Site- or local health experts. (CPTSD). If possible, personnel should attempt to avoid topics that SCP-9266 associates with Dr. Tomson outside of therapy sessions, until treatment has shown significant progress.

It has been arranged for SCP-9266 to clean its own containment chamber under the supervision of Dr. Castrillo, as associations seem to have been drawn between janitorial staff and some of Tomson’s unnecessary containment procedures and transgressions.

As SCP-9266 is currently refusing health examination and blood tests, it is unable to be cleared for medicinal treatment as it leaves us unable to predict negative interactions between potential medication and its anomaly as well as other potential health issues.

Following this diagnosis SCP-9266 has had the number of monthly psychology sessions allotted to it reduced to one per month, with the option for emergency sessions if necessary.

@@ @@

**October 15th, 2025**

More and more pages of this thing is just me complaining about the shit the higher ups are doing, but they keep working against me. What are they thinking reducing Julia's sessions to only one pr. month? I'm sure Johannes isn't happy about this either. I'll try and get him to help me get her at least one more session pr. month.

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-59:**

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Castrillo:** I have something I need to talk to you about.

**SCP-9266:** Ominous.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I have been looking at getting us transferred to another site. This place isn’t good for either of us.

**SCP-9266:** Us?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Yes, us. I don’t like this place. There is a constant pressure to do more in less time. It is bleeding the humanity out of its employees and I just can’t work like this anymore. It is the opposite of why I joined the Foundation in the first place. But it’s not only about me. I have talked to Johannes and he agrees that it could be good for you to go somewhere new with less negative connotations. But thrusting you into an unknown environment with nothing familiar to latch onto, could be detrimental to you, instead of helping. For that reason, we are looking at transferring the two of us to the same site. I dare hazard a guess I am one of the people you feel most comfortable with, of everyone here, so my presence could be the familiarity needed to help make it more manageable for you.

**SCP-9266:** But why are you asking me about it? If you think it would be better for me, why not just sign the papers and get it started?

*Dr. Castrillo sighs.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Because I want to do better. While I do have the power to force things onto you, it is the last thing I’d want to do. You’re an independent person, and though we are keeping you here, you should still have a say in your own life.

**SCP-9266:** I’m not happy about you keeping me here, but thank you, Maria. I am sure you are doing a lot of work that I don’t know about, to try and make my life better. I know I’m uncooperative but I’m trying to be better about it. Just, thank you for sticking with me, even when I’m being a bitch.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I appreciate that. And don’t worry. I can handle you, even when you’re ‘being a bitch’, as you put it.

**SCP-9266:** So, where are you looking to take us?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I have looked at a few different places, but I am aiming to have us go to [Site-58](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-58/noredirect/true). It is a bit of an atypical place within the Foundation. In some ways it’s less strict than other sites. You’d be able to have a life outside of your chamber and talk to people who aren’t Foundation staff.

**SCP-9266:** You weren’t wrong in guessing that I have taken a liking to you, and while I enjoy spending time with you, to be able to talk to other people would be… I want to say nice, but that word doesn’t even come close to describe it. So yes. Please take me somewhere else.

[END LOG]

---

**Final Notes:** It makes me happy to hear that SCP-9266 has noticed the effort I’m putting into trying to improve her situation and is willing to cooperate. Her saying that she is trying, means a lot, though it doesn’t surprise me that her trauma makes it challenging. I’ll keep doing all I can to help you, Julia.

- Dr. Castrillo

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-9266-A8:**

Dr. Castrillo put in a request to raise SCP-9266’s ECT level to C, on the grounds of it having shown effort to be more cooperative, and that it has gotten significantly less hostile since she took over.

**Status:** Approved.

SCP-9266’s ECT level has been raised to C, and it has been granted access to the benefits that comes with it.

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-64:**

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Castrillo:** Good news, Julia. I’ve managed to get your ECT rank raised!

**SCP-9266:** My what?

**Dr. Castrillo:** ECT rank. It’s an internal system for keeping track of how cooperative people in containment are.

**SCP-9266:** Let me guess: I was as low as I possibly could be?

**Dr. Castrillo:** No. You can only get that by posing a serious threat to those who interact with you and—no offense—a mostly-normal human would have a hard time reaching that.

*SCP-9266 laughs.*

**SCP-9266:** None taken. So, what does that mean for me?

**Dr. Castrillo:** You’ll get more books and music to choose from, as well as being allowed to watch movies. And if you want, I can look into getting you a video game console. I remember you mentioning you liking shooter games.

**SCP-9266:** Yes, please. Is online play a thing, or am I going to be stuck fighting bots?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I think I’ve heard talk of an internal server system, but I’m not sure. I’m not the gaming type, so I never looked into it. When we get to Site-58 you’ll be able to have more of a social life. I’ll do my best to get you approved for it before we arrive, so you can get started as soon as possible—if you think you’re up for it. New environment and all that. Worst case we push it back until you’re ready.

**SCP-9266:** Let’s try our luck. At this point my life is samey days that all blend together as a rhythm of sleeping, eating and passing the time, with your visits being the only things breaking up the monotony.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m sorry. Hopefully that’ll get better at 58.

*Dr. Castrillo slaps her forehead.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Oh, I almost forgot. You’re also allowed to wear something other than the standardized shirts and pants you’ve worn up until now. You should get a form from our commissary in a few days. If you don’t, tell me and I’ll get on their asses about it.

**SCP-9266:** Is it all just basics or is there actually something interesting to choose from?

**Dr. Castrillo:** It is actually not bad. I have spent my fair share of time browsing it when my mind has signed off for the day. Fuck, this is on record.

*SCP-9266 laughs.*

**SCP-9266:** Alright. I’ll look forward to seeing what outfits I can put together.

[END LOG]

---

**Final Notes:** I find myself deeply fascinated by this woman. There is something special about her and I’d like to request more time to spend with her to get to the bottom of what it is.

- Dr. Castrillo

@@ @@

Maria has said she’s going to be working with others at 58. I know it was just a question of time before she did, but I’m still disappointed. It sounds a bit weird, but I guess a part of me wants her all to myself. I hope it won’t mean I’ll see her less.

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-71:**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Castrillo:** You look a bit tired, you getting enough sleep?

**SCP-9266:** Not really. I haven’t been able to get much sleep recently. Hard time falling asleep, and when I finally do I often have nightmares, or I wake up the next day feeling as tired as I did when I went to bed. Johannes says it isn’t uncommon for what I’m dealing with, but it doesn’t change the fact that I am really tired.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m sorry to hear that. Is there something I can do to help?

**SCP-9266:** Not really, but I appreciate you asking. It means a lot.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Just looking out for you.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Up until now our interviews have been recorded in video ‘for safety reasons’, but now I’ve *finally* managed to get permission to switch to audio only. So, I’m the only one who gets to enjoy your outfit. It looks great by the way.

**SCP-9266:** Thanks. It’s nice to finally be back in something comfortable. Were you able to switch to audio because my EC-something-rank was raised?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Not per se, but I am sure it helped. And I have more good news: You’ve gotten confirmed for a social group when we get to Site-58!

**SCP-9266:** But not here?

**Dr. Castrillo:** No, sorry. It is a lot of work, and since we’re moving in just a few weeks, I’d rather focus my attention on getting us ready for that. I know you’d prefer to do it ASAP, but please, bear with me.

**SCP-9266:** Alright. Is there something I should know beforehand?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Yes. I’ll be going over the people you have been cleared to be around at Site-58. Like you, there are others who have trauma we need to navigate. They’re not getting told anything personal about you, and you aren’t going to get anything personal about them. Just a ‘be careful about X around this person’.

**SCP-9266:** That makes sense. But what do you mean by ‘cleared’?

**Dr. Castrillo:** People whose anomalies we are sure won’t mesh badly with yours. It can go very wrong if we don’t do these kinds of evaluations. Most of the time there is nothing, but now and then we catch something that could have had very bad results.

**SCP-9266:** Such as…?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Anything from physical or mental harm, to destabilization of reality.

**SCP-9266:** I’m sure my vines can’t cause too much trouble.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Yeah. In your case we are at the lighter end of the spectrum. I doubt we have someone who can turn your flowers into black holes.

**SCP-9266:** If you do, I’m sure you’ll catch it in the screening process.

*Both laugh.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** How do you feel as we get closer to moving?

**SCP-9266:** Excited. Worried. Scared. It’s a lot, but I’m sure it’ll be good.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m glad. And I’ll do my best to make sure it’ll all be going smooth. You ready to go over this?

**SCP-9266:** Yes.

*The rest of the interview has been removed for the privacy of mentioned SCPs and staff.*

[END LOG]

---

@@ @@

**February 25th, 2025**

All this wondering why I felt so interested in Julia, and the answer was the most straightforward one: I have a crush on her! I have written about how I’m (supposedly professionally) interested in her, in my work documents because I couldn’t see that it was a crush. Fuck, this is embarrassing.

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-79:**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

**Note:** This is the first interview since Dr. Castrillo and SCP-9266 were moved to Site-58.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Castrillo:** Hey Julia. How do you like your new home, so far?

**SCP-9266:** I’m still getting used to the new environment. It is odd to be able to just go wander the halls whenever I want, but I like it. What about you, rose bud?

*Dr. Castrillo groans.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Wow…

**SCP-9266:** You know, your hair, and—

**Dr. Castrillo:** I get it. It is just bad.

**SCP-9266:** ‘Bad’ as in you don’t want me to call you that?

**Dr. Castrillo:** No, no. I do like it, I just don’t like that I do. It’s so bad…

*Dr. Castrillo chuckles.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** To answer your question, I like it much better here. I’m not working any less than I was at Site-17, but this place’s increased focus on communication with the anomalies we work with is refreshing. Though I have my plate more than full getting the two of us settled in and getting introduced to the others I’ll be working with. What’s with that face?

**SCP-9266:** It’s nothing. Just a stray thought.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Okay… Back at Site-17 you did the cleaning yourself. Do you want to go back to getting the royalty treatment, or keep doing it yourself?

**SCP-9266:** I’d like to keep doing it myself. Might want to change it later when I’ve got more of a rhythm to my life here, but for now it is… I don’t know how to say it. There is something comforting in having that as something I need to do each week.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Alright. Do you have anything you want to talk about today? If not, I can just turn off the recorder and we can just small talk until I have to go back to my desk.

**SCP-9266:** Yes. I have a bit of a personal request. I have been here for three years, but the outside world still goes on without me. I would like to know how my family is doing. My brother had been talking about proposing to his girlfriend shortly before…

*SCP-9266 is silent for four seconds.*

**SCP-9266:** I don’t know how my parents are doing or what any of my friends are up to. In fact, I barely know anything about what is going on outside the walls of this place. I’d just like to know how they are doing. It doesn’t have to be comprehensive; anything is fine. Anything.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m so sorry I didn’t consider you might want that. I’ll put in the request as soon as I am back at my desk. Be warned, the process can be very slow. Like any other big organization, this place can have some hellish bureaucratic bottlenecks, but I’ll do what I can to get it approved as soon as possible.

**SCP-9266:** You think it’ll be approved?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m certain it will.

**SCP-9266:** Thank you, Maria.

[END LOG]

---

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-81:**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**SCP-9266:** Hey Maria. What’s on the agenda for today?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Me asking you a question that has already gotten a no once.

**Dr. Castrillo:** As you said last week, you’ve been in our care for three years. In that time, you haven’t had a medical checkup since you first got to Site-17. You were well and healthy, but I can’t help but worry there might be something undiscovered; be that something to do with your vines or something more normal. Could I somehow convince you to let us make certain there isn’t anything?

**SCP-9266:** I… I don’t think I want to.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Is there something I could do to make it easier for you?

*Silence for eight seconds.*

**SCP-9266:** I would feel better about it if you came with me.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I don’t know if I can do that. I’ve got a lot of work to catch up on… No. That doesn’t matter; I’ll make the time to go with you. I’ll book a time in the coming weeks—I’ll let you know the date, next time we meet. Thank you, Julia.

[END LOG]

---

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-9266-A9:**

**From:** Max Friedman

**To:** Dr. Maria Castrillo

**Subject:** Please focus

---

Maria

We appreciate the work you’re doing with SCP-9266. Judging by the reports from before its time here, it has come a long way, and you’ve had no small part in that. That being said, I have to ask you to mind how much time you spend with SCP-9266 after the interviews have concluded.

We don’t come after our staff if they spend a little extra time with the skips for small talk, before or after the interviews, but you are seriously pushing it. You are doing great work, but regularly staying for half an hour after interviews conclude is way too much, not to mention the times it has been more than an hour. This is company time.

On the same note, I need you to stop using she/her when referring to SCP-9266 in documentation. I’m not going to dictate how you refer to it outside of documentation, but you need to follow protocol.

If you wish to spend more personal time with SCP-9266, come to me and we’ll look into arranging something.

Max Friedman

Site-58 Humanoid Containment Manager

@@ @@

**April 13th, 2025**

Julia has started flirting with me when the recorder is off. I hope she doesn't know how hard I have fallen for her. I'm not going to reciprocate. Doing so would be messy on so many levels. I’m too single for my own good… I’ll see if I can get lucky at the next party. Hopefully that can help get my mind off of her.

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-9266-A10:**

Summary of the 04/29-2025 medical examination of SCP-9266.

The examination revealed no issues that weren’t already on its pre-containment medical records. Blood tests showed lowered levels of vitamin D, but are otherwise fine. No heart-irregularities.

SCP-9266 seemed especially uncomfortable with the physical examination, but Dr. Castrillo’s presence seemed to calm it. The physical examination revealed no issues, but SCP-9266’s body has scarring from Dr. Joseph Tomson’s actions. SCP-9266 is uncomfortable with needles, which is worth keeping in mind for future examinations.

@@ @@

**May 5rd, 2025**

I fucked up. It has been too long since I’ve had the chance to hook up with someone and I have been kinda in the mood today. Julia was flirting with me again, but I did my best to just ignore her comments and pack up and leave, but one thing led to another, and I kissed her. When I realized what I had done I panicked and rushed out.

I’m one of the people who’s been keeping her from the outside world. This is so fucked. I should go and report myself for what I just did but... Maria you idiot. And what do I say to Julia next time I see her?

@@ @@

**Incident log SCP-9266-I12:**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

On 06/15-2025 14:53, a previously undiscovered aspect of SCP-████’s anomaly caused some of SCP-9266’s SCP-9266-1 growths to rapidly rot and fall off its body. SCP-9266 panicked and ran off. Research Assistant Carlos Potts followed it, and got it into an empty room, before calling for Dr. Castrillo.

The following is a transcript of the conversation between SCP-9266 and Dr. Castrillo, following her arrival.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Castrillo:** I came as soon as I could. Are you alright?

**SCP-9266:** I am still shaken up, but thanks to Carlos’ quick thinking nothing bad happened.

**Dr. Castrillo:** That’s a relief. What happened?

**SCP-9266:** We were talking. ██████ just got back from the bathroom, and when he joined us, my vines, they just… they started rotting. At first, I was just shocked, but then it was as if a switch flipped and I suddenly felt like *he* was the one doing it. It felt so real; I was so scared. I really need to thank Carlos. He got me in here and helped ground me again.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Is it alright if I give you a look over?

**SCP-9266:** I’m pretty sure this is going to leave me with more scars.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Yeah, it isn’t pretty. Would you mind going to get it looked at, when you’ve calmed down? Just to be sure nothing is infected.

**SCP-9266:** That’s probably a good idea. Just, not yet. And you’re coming with me, right?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Of course. We’ll wait for as long as you need. 

**SCP-9266:** Thank you, Maria, for taking care of me. You’re always ready to drop whatever you’re doing to come and help me when I need you. It means a lot.

**Dr. Castrillo:** It is my job to do so, but I would be lying if I said I hadn’t come to care for you. So, I guess you have someone who’s extra motivated to help you. Don’t tell the others, but of everyone I work with, you’re my favorite.

**SCP-9266:** That’s very sweet. By the way, is ██████ alright? He must be beating himself up over this. Please tell him I don’t blame him for it—it wasn’t something he could control, and I’m sure he would have tried to stop it if he could.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’ll make sure to tell him that.

[END LOG]

---

**Final Notes:** When the situation was back under control, SCP-████‘s containment team was informed of the newly discovered aspect of its anomaly. SCP-9266 and SCP-████ are to be considered anomalously incompatible until the reason for their anomalies’ negative interactions has been discovered.

@@ @@

**July 27th, 2025**

I wonder if management would let me make dinner for Julia. It's a long shot but it would be nice to have something like a date night.

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-9266-A12:**

Dr. Castrillo put in a request to cook dinner for SCP-9266, and eat with it in its containment chamber.

**Status:** Denied

“Maria. You are doing good work, but I’m starting to think you might be getting too close with SCP-9266. I suggest that going forward, you keep your relationship friendly but professional.”

- Max Friedman

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-92:**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Castrillo:** Good morning, Julia. How are you doing?

**SCP-9266:** Honestly, not too hot. I think I might be getting a bit sick. I also miss talking to ██████. I know can still chat with him on the intranet, but it just isn’t the same.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I hope it isn’t something bad. And that is understandable. They’re doing their best to find out what happened, but it’s turning out to be quite tricky. I’ll tell you as soon as there is news. Though I think I’ve got something that can cheer you up. If you check your tablet, you should have gotten a document on your family. Sorry it took so long. Do you want to look through it now? I can leave if you want to go through it by yourself.

**SCP-9266:** No, please stay. Reading this alone might be a little rough.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Alright, I’ll stay. Now, I promise I haven’t read through this, but I’ve been told something exciting is waiting for you on page seven.

**SCP-9266:** Interesting.

*Silence as SCP-9266 reads.*

**SCP-9266:** Oh. Oh! The two of them got married *and* they have a kid now! I’m an aunt now!

*SCP-9266 sighs.*

**SCP-9266:** But she won’t know that her Aunt Julia is alive…

*SCP-9266 is silent for seven seconds.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** You alright? We can do this another time if you aren’t in a good mindset right now.

**SCP-9266:** No, no. I just need a moment.

*Dr. Castrillo and SCP-9266 go through the information gathered on SCP-9266’s family and friends. Removed for brevity.*

**SCP-9266:** Hey, rose bud. Are you listening?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I am. I was just admiring that flower. It looks a lot more… brilliant. The color seems fuller. It is beautiful.

**SCP-9266:** I have been having the sense that my vines might be a bit healthier? Less restrictive around the joints. I wonder why that is?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’ve heard that stress can affect skin health, so maybe your vines have had a similar reaction with all the things you’ve gone through. It could be another sign you’re getting better?

*Silence for six seconds.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** Hey, Julia. I’ve been wanting to try and smell your flowers for a long time, but it seemed like a very personal thing to ask about. Would it to be alright with you? Just say no if you don’t want me to, you don’t need an excuse.

**SCP-9266:** Oh, I don’t mind.

*SCP-9266 whispers something inaudible to the microphone and chuckles.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** It smells really nice. There is something familiar about it, but I can’t put my finger on what it reminds me of. I don’t remember what an orchid smells like, so maybe it is that?

**SCP-9266:** Why orchids?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Of course they didn’t tell you. Most people who have smelled your flower compared the smell to orchids. What do you think they smell like?

**SCP-9266:** Like flowers? I’ve never cared much for flowers apart from them looking nice—not counting my own, of course. I do have a soft spot for them.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Julia, what are you—! Why did you do that?

**SCP-9266:** For you, since you seem to like them. As a sign of my appreciation.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Thanks, but didn’t that hurt?

**SCP-9266:** A bit, but I want you to have it, and it was worth it for that. Don’t worry. The stem will close itself soon.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Uhm, alright. Thank you. I hope I’m allowed to bring it out with me… Ah shit, I forgot the time. I would love to stay longer, but I really need to get back to work. My boss is already on my ass for how long I stay with you when we’re done talking. And I forgot to turn off the recorder. Great work, Maria.

**SCP-9266:** I thought you let it run on purpose.

[END LOG]

---

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-109:**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**SCP-9266:** You look great today.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Thanks. I’ve got some good news for you today: ██████’s team might have figured out what happened back then. If they’re right he should be able to control it with a little training. So, fingers crossed it won’t be too long before you can see him again.

**SCP-9266:** Finally!

**Dr. Castrillo:** Again, it is not for certain, but I thought you’d appreciate knowing.

**SCP-9266:** You won’t get in trouble for telling me this, right?

**Dr. Castrillo:** No, don’t worry. It's fine for me to tell you. Just don’t say it to people who don't need to know.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Oh, right. Have you checked your messages in the past few hours?

**SCP-9266:** I did see something tick in, but thought it wasn’t urgent. Is it something I should check now?

**Dr. Castrillo:** It wasn’t. We are a janitor short, so a position has been opened up. You’ve noticed not all of them are regular boring humans like me, right?

**SCP-9266:** I wouldn’t describe you as boring, but I have noticed. ███ told me that some of us might get offered the option of having a job here. Didn’t think I was going to get the option so soon. That’s what this is about?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Yup.

**SCP-9266:** Nothing like some good ol’ nepotism to grease the wheels. Jokes aside, if you’ve had a hand in this, thank you.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I actually haven't, but do give it some thought.

**SCP-9266:** I will. The idea is appealing. Getting a bit more routine into my life would be nice.

**Dr. Castrillo:** There’ll be a trial period at first where you can quit without notice if it becomes too much for you. Afterwards you’ll have to give a month’s notice. Just to give us enough time to find someone to fill in.

**SCP-9266:** Do I get paid? If so, how?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Of course you do. It’ll be money you’ll be able to spend in the commissary, cafeteria, vending machines and such.

**SCP-9266:** It’s starting to sound quite appealing. Would be nice to treat ██████ to something when I see him again.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m proud of you, Julia.

**SCP-9266:** Where did that come from?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I just felt like telling you. You’ve come a long way, and it hasn’t been easy for you. Yet here you are.

**SCP-9266:** I don’t even know how I should respond to that.

*Dr. Castrillo laughs.*

**Dr. Castrillo:** It’s alright.

*The recorder is turned off, but is later turned on again. Dr. Castrillo is heard panting and SCP-9266 is speaking to her in a hushed tone.*

**SCP-9266:** …touching you and you are squirming. Are you close? You must—fuck, Maria. Your hand!

**Dr. Castrillo:** Oh, shi—!

[END LOG]

---

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-9266-A11:**

The following is an email exchange between Dr. Maria Castrillo and The Ethics Committee.

---

**To:** The Ethics Committee

**From:** Dr. Maria Castrillo

**Subject:** Confession of misconduct

---

I don't know if this will get to you first, or the report of the discrepancy in the most recent audio log will. I am writing to report my own misconduct. I am having a hard time seeing what I did as such, but my actions are objectively against the rules.

As I'm writing this it has been less than a handful of minutes since I left Julia/SCP-9266 in her room, after our relationship was caught on audio. I’m not writing this for my own sake. I broke the rules and am ready to accept whatever repercussions will come from this, but I beg of you: don’t punish Julia.

The rules are clear: I should have ignored her advances, and I tried but I’m only human. I expect you are going to fire me or transfer me to another site. It would be well deserved. Just be careful with Julia. She is doing a lot better than she did when I first started helping her, but I think you could ruin all her progress if you treat her the same way you would treat me. Especially if I’m gone by the time all this is over.

Dr. Maria Castrillo

SCP-9266 Project Lead

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. Maria Castrillo

**From:** The Ethics Committee

**Subject:** Re:Confession of misconduct

---

Dr. Castrillo

As you seem to be aware of, your relationship with SCP-9266 is highly inappropriate and a major breach of protocol. You have been suspended on indefinite time, effective immediately, and we will be launching an investigation to assess your loyalty to the Foundation, as well as to gauge the severity of your misconduct.

Carlos Potts has been instated as a temporary replacement, until the investigation has concluded and a verdict has been reached.

Karina Richards

Site-58 Ethics Committee Representative

@@ @@

**To:** The Ethics Committee

**From:** Dr. Maria Castrillo

**Subject:** Re:Confession of misconduct

---

I understand.

My resolve to help the Foundation and the people in their care is unchanged. I hope you’ll see that.

And please, take care of Julia while I’m gone.

Dr. Maria Castrillo

@@ @@

~~I am just a series of fuckups.~~ ~~To think I couldn’t screw up more.~~ I am so fired. Actually, that is if I’m lucky. I don’t even know what they do in these kinds of cases. It seemed obvious when they told us not to get to personally attached to the anomalies in our care. Well, I sprinted over that line when I started fucking Julia, and even further when it got romantic, and all it took was one badly placed hand for management to know.

And when it happened, what did I do? I ran. In the moment, I wanted to get ahead of what was going to happen, but I left Julia there, by herself. She must be panicking even more than I am, and I can't go talk to her. I’m so sorry Julia.

Maria, you are officially the biggest moron in the Foundation.

@@ @@

She fucking left me. It was *her* hand that hit the button and she ran. I know she did it to somehow get ahead of things, but she should have stayed just a bit longer. That would have made me feel a bit better about all this.

I was told the Ethics Committee is going to look into our relationship, and that I can’t see her until they have decided what to do. I can’t even message her. I hope they allow us to stay together, but I doubt it. I hope this isn't going to be the last time I saw her.

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-9266-A12:**

Following Dr. Castrillo’s suspension, she voluntarily allowed for Security staff to search her quarters. Nothing prohibited was discovered among her possessions. Carillo allowed for her diary to be taken and searched for information relevant to the investigation.

SCP-9266 also allowed for a search of its cell. Security discovered a necklace with a dragon pendant, that was not listed among its possessions. When questioned about its origin SCP-9266 claimed it was a gift from Dr. Castrillo. SCP-9266 allowed security to take its diary for search content relevant to the investigation.

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-9266-A13:**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** Dr. Castrillo

**Interviewer:** Karina Richards

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Richards:** Castrillo. Are you ready to make your statement regarding your relationship with SCP-9266?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Yes, I am. Like I said in my mail, I am ready to receive whatever repercussions this will lead to. Just don’t take it out on Julia. You—no, we have hurt her too much already.

**Richards:** SCP-9266.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m not calling her SCP-9266 or ‘it’. She has a name. She’s a person; a person I’ve come to care for, deeply.

**Richards:** You are aware what you say here will influence the verdict?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I am. I stand by what I just said.

**Richards:** Alright, you may begin.

**Dr. Castrillo:** When I first met Julia, she was hurting. Pain, that we had brought on her. Yes, Tomson was the one who did those things, but there sure as hell wasn’t any oversight that stopped it! Sorry. I wanted to help her. I wanted her to see that we aren’t all like him. It took a lot of time, but I got her to open up. At first just a little, but with time I got her to open more. She still has moments where her trauma comes back to her, but coming to Site-58 has helped her a lot. The freedom to talk to others in her situation and not just staff, has helped her confidence immensely. I hope this isn’t going to ruin her progress.

**Richards:** And your relationship? How did it start?

**Dr. Castrillo:** At some point Julia started flirting with me. It was after we moved here, which at least meant that I wasn’t the only woman she saw regularly.

**Richards:** I take it she has no interest in men?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Not like that, no. By the time she started flirting with me, I’d had a crush on her for a long time. I did my best to ignore her advances, but one day I kissed her. I talked to her about it, about us, the rules about this kind of thing. I should have said it was a mistake and she should forget it, but I couldn’t. We agreed to keep our relationship a secret. She had been through enough already and I didn’t want her to go through this, but it happened anyway.

*Dr. Castrillo sighs.*

**Richards:** How long has it been since the two of you got together?

**Dr. Castrillo:** I would say it was the meeting after I kissed her, so about four months. Romantically, I’d say about three and a half months.

**Richards:** What did you do after you had sent the mail?

**Dr. Castrillo:** There was the panic at the situation. When I calmed down a bit, I realized I had left Julia all by herself, again. I felt like shit and hurried back to talk to her, but by then the audio snippet had been flagged and security was talking to her. I asked if I could come in, but I wasn’t allowed to. They escorted me to another room and asked me a few questions before telling me I was forbidden from seeing her until they heard back from you. I feel so bad for running away.

**Richards:** And how do you feel now?

**Dr. Castrillo:** As I said before, I feel bad about leaving her to herself, but when the fear and stress had settled, I noticed a part of me was relieved. Though our relationship is consensual from both sides I had been thinking a lot about how problematic it is, and how bad it could have become if it didn’t work out. We wouldn’t just be able to part ways like in the outside world. If things ended badly, we would be stuck having to see each other every day, having to pretend everything was normal until I could get transferred to someone else. And that is if she wasn’t afraid of potential repercussions from breaking up with me, even though I could never dream of hurting her. I have brought this up with her many times, and she says it's fine, but I’m just… it just feels bad. Something very wrong in something good. I don’t like that the potential is there. I don’t want to be like Tomson. So, if you by some miracle let me stay, and let me keep seeing her, please do something about that.

**Richards:** I know from your mails that you are quite aware of the severity of what you’ve done. You also said you are still with the Foundation in its mission. Is that still true?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Yes. The Foundation is in desperate need of people who remember that 'Protect' isn’t just about the world on the other side of the veil. Site-58 is better at it than most places, but I’m not going to forget how it was at Site-17 anytime soon.

**Richards:** Alright. I think that was all. Do you have any questions?

**Dr. Castrillo:** How is Julia doing? I hope she’s alright.

**Richards:** SCP-9266 is managing. You have helped it establish a good network of friends, and they are helping it get through this.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I am glad. Please tell her that I miss her.

**Richards:** I cannot. Until this is done, you can’t see or talk to it. Not even through me. Thank you for your time, Castrillo.

[END LOG]

---

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-117:**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Karina Richards

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Richards:** Hello SCP-92—sorry. Hello Julia, my name is Karina Richards. I’m Site-58’s representative for the Ethics Committee. I have been given the task of investigating the nature of you and Castrillo’s relationship.

**SCP-9266:** Why am I not allowed to see her?

**Richards:** Castrillo is currently on leave until we can conclude if she is still loyal to the Foundation, and to be sure she wasn’t using her position to force you into anything.

**SCP-9266:** Maria would never do such a thing!

**Richards:** We hope that is the case, but we have to be sure. We don’t want another repeat of… Tomson.

*SCP-9266 is silent.*

**Richards:** Julia, are you alright? I know he is a touchy subject.

**SCP-9266:** I’m alright.

**Richards:** Good. Now, this isn’t because I don’t believe you, but I want you to know, that if Castrillo has been forcing herself onto you, you can tell us and we’ll look into it, and will make sure she can’t retaliate.

**SCP-9266:** I appreciate you taking rape seriously, but this isn’t one such case. We kept our relationship a secret because I asked her to. I was afraid that with all the rules around it we wouldn’t be allowed to be together. 

**Richards:** We have a lot of rules around these kinds of relationships for a reason. The imbalance in power can too easily lead to bad situations—even when things are done with the best intentions—so we can’t have our employees getting too personal with the people in containment. Maria bringing it up wasn’t just for her own sake, but for yours too. Do you understand?

**SCP-9266:** I do… Now I feel bad about getting Maria to keep it a secret. I’ve really made a mess of this.

**Richards:** We’ll do our best to sort this out in the best way possible, but I can’t promise anything. How would you say this started?

**SCP-9266:** At some point after we got here and I had started settling in, I talked with my—with some people about… If there was someone we had an eye for, and I mentioned Maria. A couple of them encouraged me to try my luck with her, despite the rules. And it turned out she had liked me for a while. It just started as sex, but eventually turned into something more.

**Richards:** If you could decide what we did with Castrillo, what would you do?

**SCP-9266:** I would make her come back working with me—and allow us stay together, of course.

**Richards:** Alright. It shouldn’t be too long before we reach a decision on this case.

**SCP-9266:** I’m glad. I really miss Maria.

**Richards:** She misses you too. Do remember that even if she isn’t fired, it is possible that you won’t be allowed to see her again.

**SCP-9266:** I know. I’m holding out hope.

**Richards:** Thank you for your time, Julia.

[END LOG]

---

@@ @@

**Addendum SCP-9266-A14:**

**From:** The Ethics Committee

**To:** Dr. Maria Castrillo; SCP-9266

**Subject:** Verdict

**Attached file:** **Castrillo-9266_Chester.pdf**

---

After much deliberation, my colleagues and I have reached a consensus.

Due to Dr. Castrillo’s cooperativeness in the investigation, as well as the uncovered results, we see no reason to question Dr. Castrillo’s loyalty to the Foundation, but her actions are a clear breach of the rules. She will have her pay reduced by 30% for the next four months as well as being removed from the position as project lead on SCP-9266’s containment team. She will be moved to SCP-████’s containment team where she will act as assistant to the current lead, with barring from being able to be promoted to lead for any other teams for the next three years.

With respect to SCP-9266’s diagnosis, Dr. Castrillo will be transferred over a period of two months, starting next week. This should give Castrillo time to prepare SCP-9266 for the change, and be a slow enough process for it to feel safe.

Considering SCP-9266’s drastically improved behavior and cooperativeness while in Dr. Castrillo’s care, we have concluded that the two’s relationship will not lead to an increased risk of containment breach. We are also aware that forcibly separating them could be detrimental to SCP-9266's mental health, which could cause it to relapse into being uncooperative or hostile, which would also be a loss of the helpful asset is has become to Site-58.

With that in mind, as well as the fact that both currently live at Site-58, we have made the choice to invoke the Chester-clause, that allow staff and contained anomalies to have personal relationships that would otherwise not be allowed, under a set of very strict rules. In your case they are as follows:

# Dr. Castrillo cannot be allowed to work directly with SCP-9266.

# SCP-9266 will be given a Foundation employee with no relation to Dr. Castrillo, that it can contact if it feels the relationship is turning bad.

# Dr. Castrillo is not allowed to be made aware of the identity of this person.

# SCP-9266 and Dr. Castrillo are forbidden from mentioning this exception to anyone outside of Site-58. Other Site-58 staff has been put under this restriction in regards to the relationship.

For further explanation and clarification of these rules, see the attached document.

Karina Richards

Site-58 Ethics Committee Representative

@@ @@

**Interview log SCP-9266-121:**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-9266

**Interviewer:** Dr. Castrillo

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**SCP-9266:** MARIA! WHAT THE FUCK? You ran off and we couldn’t talk or see each other for weeks! Yes, we were in trouble, but you left me by myself! I know you intended to try and fix things, but you fucking left me. Alone! I was so scared.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m so sorry. I realized it too late, and by then security wouldn’t let me in. I should have stayed with you. I’m sorry.

**SCP-9266:** I’ve missed you so much.

**Dr. Castrillo:** I’m sorry. I missed you too, Julia.

*Silence for four seconds.*

**SCP-9266:** So, you’re being moved to work with someone else? 

**Dr. Castrillo:** Yes. There’s someone new coming in soon. Don’t know much about them yet, but I’ve been put on the team to get everything ready for their arrival. Won’t be project lead though.

**SCP-9266:** Because you got caught with me?

**Dr. Castrillo:** Yes. But also, because I asked them to.

**SCP-9266:** I’m sorry I didn’t take the whole power-thing seriously. I thought it was exciting, but Karina helped me see things from your perspective. I was a little too blinded by being in love with you to want to consider the option of things not working out.

**Dr. Castrillo:** It’s alright now.

**SCP-9266:** So, two months. Then I won't see you as much.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Hey, we don't have to be as secretive about our relationship anymore, so maybe all that changes is when we see each other.

**SCP-9266:** That's true. Still, I'd like to make the most of this time.

**Dr. Castrillo:** Of course.

[END LOG]

---

<< [SCP-9265](SCP-9265) | SCP-9266 | [SCP-9267](SCP-9267) >>
