**Item #:** SCP-9922

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9922 is to be stored at the center of a windowless chamber no less than 2 meters in length. Object is to be firmly affixed in place, oriented towards an unobstructed section of wall opposite the chamber entrance. Underground containment is strongly preferred, and under no circumstances should SCP-9922 be exposed to a direct line of sight to the sky.

**Description:** SCP-9922 refers to a set of antique opera glasses. SCP-9922's objective lenses have been rendered opaque, and focus wheel mechanism is permanently fixed in the maximally extended configuration. When pointed at an object, peering through SCP-9922 gives the effect of seeing the object from a short distance. This is not accomplished by the regular means of optical magnification via refracting incoming light; instead, SCP-9922 generates two circular spacetime anomalies precisely 41.5 centimeters away from the targeted point(s). Light which would normally pass through said anomalies is instantaneously transmitted to SCP-9922’s corresponding ocular lens.

These anomalous cross-sections of space are henceforth referred to as SCP-9922-α1 and SCP-9922-α2, for the left and right objectives respectively. To observers directly behind SCP-9922-α1 and -α2, the anomalies appear as two circular voids measuring 18 mm in diameter. SCP-9922 affects all electromagnetic radiation of a wavelength sufficiently short to pass through an aperture of equivalent size; baryonic matter (electrons, protons, neutrons, etc.) is unaffected. The effect is unidirectional, and SCP-9922 does not allow for reverse transmission from its ocular lenses to SCP-9922-α.

**Test Log:**

> **Test 9922-01**

>

> **Target:** SCP-9922 containment chamber wall

>

> **Distance:** 3.6 meters

>

> **Procedure:** N/A

>

> **Results:** Baseline. Peering through SCP-9922 shows the chamber wall as it appears at a distance of approximately 40 cm.

> **Test 9922-02**

>

> **Targets:** Pencil, SCP-9922 containment chamber wall

>

> **Distance:** 3.1-3.2 meters (pencil), 3.6 meters (wall)

>

> **Procedure:** A pencil is placed in front of SCP-9922-α2, leaving SCP-9922-α1 unobstructed.

>

> **Results:** As soon as the pencil obscures the direct line of sight between SCP-9922-α2 and the wall, SCP-9922-α2 shifts backwards to a point ~40 cm away from the pencil. Peering through SCP-9222's left eyepiece shows the same scene as in Test 9922-01; observation through the right eyepiece shows a view from a point closer to SCP-9922, corresponding to SCP-9922-α2's position.

> **Test 9922-03**

>

> **Target:** Glass pane

>

> **Distance:** 2 meters

>

> **Procedure:** A transparent glass pane is placed between SCP-9922 and the chamber wall.

>

> **Results:** Both SCP-9922-α1 and SCP-9922-α2 shift backwards, remaining approximately 40 cm away from the glass.

> **Test 9922-04**

>

> **Target:** Clipboard

>

> **Distance:** Less than 1 centimeter

>

> **Procedure:** A clipboard is used to cover SCP-9922's objective lenses.

>

> **Results:** SCP-9922-α shift to behind SCP-9922 itself. Peering through SCP-9922 shows the back of the researcher's head.

> **Test 9922-05**

>

> **Target:** Clipboard

>

> **Distance:** Less than 1 centimeter

>

> **Procedure:** A clipboard is used to cover SCP-9922's objective lenses. A pencil is then inserted through SCP-9922-α1.

>

> **Results:** SCP-9922-α1 remains stationary as the pencil passes through it. The pencil is unaffected.

> **Test 9922-06**

>

> **Target:** Clipboard

>

> **Distance:** Less than 1 centimeter

>

> **Procedure:** A clipboard is used to cover SCP-9922's objective lenses. A live rat is positioned at the location of SCP-9922-α1.

>

> **Results:** The rat remains unaffected. No image is visible through SCP-9922's left eyepiece.

> **Test 9922-07**

>

> **Target:** Clipboard

>

> **Distance:** Less than 1 centimeter

>

> **Procedure:** Same as previous tests. Junior Researcher Carney positions himself behind SCP-9922 such that SCP-9922-α2 is located roughly inside his left eyeball.

>

> **Results:** Carney reports a dark splotch across the his left eye's field of vision. Observation through SCP-9922's right eyepiece shows an interior view of the junior researcher's eye, including a blurry view of the room through the iris.

> 

> **Note:** Very trippy. *— Dr. Karbowski*

> **Test 9922-08**

>

> **Target:** Clipboard

>

> **Distance:** 35 centimeters

>

> **Procedure:** Clipboard is placed such that SCP-9922-α repositions into SCP-9222's interior.

>

> **Results:** SCP-9922 eyepieces gradually begin to glow. Glow intensity seems to increase exponentially. Test terminated after 3 seconds.

> **Test 9922-09**

>

> **Target:** Ultraviolet lamp

>

> **Distance:** 12 meters

>

> **Procedure:** SCP-9922 is pointed at the lamp and an ultraviolet sensor is positioned behind one of the eyepieces.

>

> **Results:** UV levels consistent with a distance of 0.4 meters from source.

> **Test 9922-10**

>

> **Target:** Tree

>

> **Distance:** ~800 meters

>

> **Procedure:** SCP-9922 is taken up to a window and carefully positioned to point at a nearby hill.

>

> **Results:** View through SCP-9922 shows the tree trunk and its surroundings as it were ~40 cm away.

> **Test 9922-11**

>

> **Target:** Moon

>

> **Distance:** ~376,400 kilometers

>

> **Procedure:** SCP-9922's objectives are covered and the object is affixed to a tracking telescope mount. SCP-9922 is pointed at the Earth's moon (specifically, at Mare Imbrium) and the covering is removed. Due to possibility of UV light exposure, observation is performed via digital camera.

>

> **Results:** Picture is too shaky to make out precise details. Color seems consistent with what would be expected of the lunar regolith at the targeted area.

> **Test 9922-12**

>

> **Target:** Sun 

>

> **Distance:** ~1 AU

>

> **Procedure:** SCP-9922's objectives are obstructed and the object is affixed to a tracking telescope mount. SCP-9922 is pointed at the sun and the shutter is opened.

>

> **Results:** SCP-9922 emits intense radation consistent with current models of the sun's photosphere. Testing equipment and chamber floor sustain thermal damage. Test is terminated after 0.62 seconds. 

> **Test 9922-13**

>

> **Target:** Sky

>

> **Distance:** Indeterminate

>

> **Procedure:** Equipment is swapped out and SCP-9922 is moved to a more robust testing site. Area beneath and behind SCP-9922 is covered in high-grade thermal tarp. SCP-9922 is pointed at a random patch of sky and the shutter is opened.

>

> **Results:** SCP-9922 emits radiation from across the EM spectrum. Radiation intensity fluctuates rapidly, with two notable lulls at T+0.020 and T+0.091. Test terminated after 0.155 seconds.

<< [SCP-9921](SCP-9921) | SCP-9922 | [SCP-9923](SCP-9923) > > 

> **Filename:** qumran_cave.jpg

> **Author:** Joe Haupt

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Antique_Chevalier_Opera_Glasses_With_Hunting_Scenes_On_The_Barrels,_Made_In_France_(32328503812).jpg
