=====

=====

 :root{

  ~~lgurl: url(https://lspr.wdfiles.com/local~~files/test8/AWD.png);

}

 by [TopDownUnder](top)

 6 

@@ @@

SCP-9217

---

## * SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES

---

SCP-9217 is to be monitored remotely by ~~SCPS Morningtide~~ SCPS Eventide. Civilian maritime traffic is to be diverted away from SCP-9217 under the cover of unexploded ordnance.

No individuals are permitted to remain unconscious on SCP-9217 ~~outside of experimentation~~ under any circumstances. All Foundation operations on SCP-9217 are restricted to daylight hours. The use of sedatives or sleep aids on SCP-9217 is strictly prohibited.

~~All active instances of SCP-9217-Myr are to be considered Foundation personnel, and treated as such.~~ The creation of SCP-9217-Myr instances is strictly prohibited. Any discovered SCP-9217-Myr are to be terminated.

---

## * DESCRIPTION

---

SCP-9217 is a large island off the coast of Norway. Historical records indicate SCP-9217 was never inhabited for any significant period of time. SCP-9217 is noticeably lacking in wildlife, with no vertebrates and only sparse vegetation. Attempts to introduce new species to SCP-9217 have invariably resulted in failure.

Any individuals who fall asleep on SCP-9217 between 8:00 PM and 6:00 AM will undergo a transformation into SCP-9217-Myr. Subjects must remain asleep for the full night, and cannot be under any kind of surveillance. Having a second conscious individual, cameras, or any other recording devices has resulted in the transformation not occurring. As such, details on the process are unknown.

SCP-9217-Myr instances are cybernetically enhanced humans. Each SCP-9217-Myr instance has both arms replaced with cybernetic prosthetics, but any other implants vary from instance to instance. These implants are generally on par with implants available on Veiled markets. These implants include, but are not limited to:

* Subdermal reinforcement plating

* Ocular replacements providing low-light, infrared, and telescopic vision

* Auditory implants capable of selective frequency filtration and directional amplification

* Neural co-processors embedded along the motor cortex and brain stem

* Dermal interface ports

For a full list of implants found in SCP-9217-Myr instances, please contact the Project Lead for SCP-9217.

SCP-9217 was originally discovered by the Royal Norwegian military in 1890, when a group of stranded sailors stayed overnight on the island. When a rescue party came to retrieve them, they were discovered to have been transformed into SCP-9217-Myr instances and promptly executed. Despite historical records indicating that SCP-9217 was never inhabited for any significant period of time, multiple engravings have been found throughout the island. These engravings usually consist of pictographs and short messages in an unknown language.

---

## * ADDENDUM.9217.1

### * WEAPONIZATION

---

In 2025, containment of SCP-9217 was reassigned to the [Department of Anomalous Weapons Development](awd-hub), with Dr. Derrick Kon being appointed as the Project Lead.

### * Meeting Log

---

**Attending:**

* **Director Jimmy Day** - Director, AWD

* **Dr. Derrick Kon** - Project Lead, SCP-9217

**Date:** 07/20/2025

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

**Director Jimmy Day:** From what I understand, you want to weaponize SCP-9217? Specifically the -Myrs?

**Dr. Derrick Kon:** Right, Dir--

**Director Day:** You can just call me Jimmy.

**Dr. Kon:** Gotcha. Jimmy. I was reviewing all the documents that the last Lead left me, and from what I'm seeing, it's perfect for us. Most of the instances have implants that serve well as weapons. Retractable blades, ballistic launchers, low-power lasers, the list goes on.

*[Dr. Kon slides a bundle of papers onto the table, which Director Day looks through.]*

**Dr. Kon:** They're on par with stuff we could buy from, say, Anderson Robotics or Valravn Corporation. But they're free.

**Director Day:** But we wouldn't be able to pick what specific augments we get. What about the -Myrs themselves? Are we sure they would cooperate with us?

**Dr. Kon:** Definitely. They ran some tests a couple of years back. Brought in some people from either Memetics or Noospherics, I can't remember right now, and everything points to the -Myr being the same person from before they're transformed. The change is only physical, not mental. I'd want to run some screenings of my own to be sure, but if we send our people in there, we should be good to go.

**Director Day:** Hmm. Well, it looks good. Just submit the weaponization proposal and we'll get it running.

**[END LOG]**

---

## * ADDENDUM.9217.2

### * IMPLEMENTATION

---

Following approval of the weaponization proposal, Project MYR entered implementation on 08/02/2025 under the direction of Dr. Derrick Kon.

Due to the security concerns of transporting SCP-9217-Myr instances off SCP-9217 before proper testing, a testing environment was set up on SCP-9217 itself. As surveillance equipment would hinder the project, a written report was submitted in lieu of footage.

### * PROJECT MYR TEST RUN 1

A group of six Foundation security personnel volunteered for initial exposure. Subjects were deployed to SCP-9217 and remained unconscious between 20:00 and 06:00 local time. All six subjects successfully underwent transformation.

Upon awakening, subjects were directed to testing stations by Dr. Kon. Despite the absence of prior briefings, all instances demonstrated immediate operational familiarity with their cybernetic augmentations.

While mental evaluations were being conducted, SCP-9217-Myr-4 attempted to attack Dr. Kon. SCP-9217-Myr-4 was stopped and detained by the other instances. SCP-9217-Myr-4's augments were noted to have darker coloration. Mental evaluations concluded that all instances had full continuity of their pre-transformation selves, including SCP-9217-Myr-4. It is believed SCP-9217-Myr-4 held a personal vendetta against Dr. Kon prior to transformation, and used this test as an opportunity to act on that vendetta. As such, more rigorous screening has been put in place for those undergoing transformation.

Dr. Kon described the results as "cleaner than expected."

Further testing and creation of SCP-9217-Myr instances indicated that SCP-9217-Myr-4's behavior was an outlier. After several months of preliminary testing, one final field test run was put in place.

### * AMTF E-27 Mission Log

---

**Date:** 10/21/2025

**Active Task Force:** AMTF Epsilon-27

**Subject:** AMTF Epsilon-27 was deployed to raid a known GoI-001 ("The Chaos Insurgency") facility.

---

**Squad Lead:** E-01

**Squad Members:** E-02, SCP-9217-Myr-117, SCP-9217-Myr-121, SCP-9217-Myr-183

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

**{{[22:14:03]}} E-01:** Stack up. -117, take point.

**{{[22:14:06]}} SCP-9217-Myr-117:** Acknowledged.

**{{[22:14:11]}} E-02:** Main door is reinforced. Thermal shows two hostiles inside.

**{{[22:14:13]}} SCP-9217-Myr-121:** Breach viable.

**{{[22:14:14]}} E-01:** Roger that. Stand by for--

**{{[22:14:15]}}** *[Metal cutting noise]*

**{{[22:14:18]}} E-01:** ...Or not. Advance.

**{{[22:14:22]}} E-02:** Contact! Left!

**{{[22:14:22]}}** *[Short, quick succession of gunshots.]*

**{{[22:14:23]}} SCP-9217-Myr-117:** Neutralized.

**{{[22:14:26]}} E-02:** Jesus. Okay.

**{{[22:14:27]}}** *[Gunshots continue for an extended period of time.]*

**{{[22:14:31]}} SCP-9217-Myr-183:** Internal cameras offline.

**{{[22:14:33]}} E-01:** Say again? I didn't order--

**{{[22:14:34]}} SCP-9217-Myr-183:** Reducing noise.

**{{[22:14:39]}} E-01:** ...Okay. Keep moving.

**{{[22:14:45]}} E-02:** Two more hostiles by--

**{{[22:14:47]}} SCP-9217-Myr-121:** Engaging.

**{{[22:14:49]}}** *[Charging of a laser, followed by firing.]*

**{{[22:14:51]}} SCP-9217-Myr-121:** Clear.

**{{[22:15:02]}} E-01:** Hold positions. Count heads.

**{{[22:15:05]}} SCP-9217-Myr-117:** Nine remaining.

**{{[22:15:07]}} E-01:** What? We don't know that.

**{{[22:15:11]}} E-02:** Um, yeah. Thermal's confirming nine.

**{{[22:15:31]}} E-01:** Advance to back offices. Slow. Maps indicates some winding hallways.

**{{[22:15:36]}} SCP-9217-Myr-117:** Adjusting route.

**{{[22:15:38]}}** *[Loud explosion]*

**{{[22:15:40]}} E-01:** I--hostiles! Detain them!

**{{[22:15:45]}}** *[Sounds of fighting.]*

**{{[22:16:15]}} SCP-9217-Myr-183:** Insurgents detained.

**{{[22:16:42]}} E-01:** Area secure. Stand down.

**[END LOG]**

Despite some complaints from the two supervising agents, the mission was declared to be a success. Instances of SCP-9217-Myr were placed at Site-164 and aboard the SCPS Morningtide in security positions, with plans to deploy them to further facilities after one year.

---

## * ADDENDUM.9217.3

### * INCIDENT 9217-5

---

On the morning of 11/20/2025, SCP-9217-Myr instances at Site-164 suddenly became hostile and began attacking Foundation personnel. Concurrently, instances on SCPS Morningtide and SCP-9217 demonstrated similar behavior. Each group managed to gain control of their respective facility and cut communication with the Foundation. After 2 hours without a response, Site-164's onsite warhead was remotely detonated. Five personnel, including Dr. Kon managed to escape SCP-9217, taking a small boat to mainland Norway. Recovered data from the wreckage of SCPS Morningtide indicates that surviving crew members managed to regain control of the vessel from SCP-9217-Myr and sink it. Recovered footage from the ruins of Site-167 also shows that the implants on each SCP-9217-Myr instance transformed to match the coloration displayed by SCP-9217-Myr-4.

### * Meeting Log

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*[Dr. Kon enters Director Day's office and quietly sits down in front of his desk. Director Day seems to not notice Dr. Kon as he flips through a sheet of paper. After two minutes, Dr. Kon speaks up.]*

**Dr. Derrick Kon:** Um, Jim--

**Director Jimmy Day:** *Director* Day, Kon. Did you know the -Myrs would do this?

**Dr. Kon:** No, sir. I-I thought they would still be the same person after the transformation. All the tests backed that up, I don't know what happened. Nothing pointed to this happening.

**Director Day:** Really? Nothing at all clued you in? Did you read the file on SCP-9217 before you started working on it?

**Dr. Kon:** Of course, sir. Why wouldn't I?

**Director Day:** Are you sure? Did you miss the last paragraph of the description? About the engravings?

**Dr. Kon:** N-no, I read that one.

**Director Day:** Did you really? Because these engravings, Kon, they're really telling.

*Reproduction of an engraving found on SCP-9217.*

**Director Day:** There's like a million of these all around the island, Kon. Skulls. Did that just fly over your head?

**Dr. Kon:** No, I saw those. I just... didn't want to assume?

**Director Day:** Assume what? That skulls are signs of bad things?

**Dr. Kon:** Maybe it's different in Norway?

**Director Day:** "Maybe it's different in Norwa—" Skulls? The universally evil sign of death? Do you not—Hold on.

*[Director Day pulls out his phone, quickly typing something before turning the phone towards Dr. Kon]*

**Director Day:** Look at that, Derrick. "Skulls are a universally used sign of danger and death." I'm pretty sure the Norwegians think the same thing about them as everyone else.

**Dr. Kon:** Well--

**Director Day:** And the writing! Did you read the writing next to the skulls?

**Dr. Kon:** We haven't been able to translate those.

**Director Day:** Yeah, not until 4 years ago. Way before you started on this project. Here, I'll read it for you in case you can't: "EVIL ISLAND. DO NOT SLUMBER HERE OR BECOME HEL'S DOG." Pretty on the nose, don't you think?

**Dr. Kon:** I--

**Director Day:** Are you dumb, Kon? Please tell me you're being intentionally dense and you're not actually this clueless. I couldn't live with myself if I knew I hired someone this stupid, much less let them man a whole project on their own.

*[Silence for one minutes.]*

**Director Day:** Where were all the -Myrs?

**Dr. Kon:** Just on the Morningtide and Site-164. The rest are all on the island.

**Director Day:** Good. How many of them did you make before all this happened? Need to know how many we're dealing with.

**Dr. Kon:** We had just made the 666th one that morning.

**Director Day:** ...Oh my god.

**[END LOG]**

Following the above meeting, all remaining SCP-9217-Myr instances and Dr. Kon's employment were terminated.

~~~~

<< [SCP-9216](SCP-9216) | SCP-9217 | [SCP-9218](SCP-9218) >>

---

=====

> **Filename:** AWD.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://scpdsandbox.wikidot.com/artex-topdownunder

> **Filename:** island.jpg

> **Name:** 14 Trondheim fjord (5605880926)

> **Author:** michael clarke stuff

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:14_Trondheim_fjord_(5605880926).jpg)

> **Filename:** evilskull.jpg

> **Name:** 168 of 'Vesty of the Basins. A novel'

> **Author:** The British Library

> **License:** CC-0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:168_of_%27Vesty_of_the_Basins._A_novel%27_(11123794863).jpg)

=====
