=====

=====

> Okay, I'm ready to get movin' again. Batteries are— batteries say that there's 17 hours left.

>

> @@ @@

> Understood, we'll have you start back upwards at the 15-hour mark, then. Please proceed downwards.

>

> @@ @@

> Right. Fuck, this place is spooky.

>

> @@ @@

> There's nothing there that can harm you, D-50543. In fact, the reason we're sending you down is because what little signs of activity there were in SCP-087 have stopped. Just remain calm.

>

> @@ @@

> ...

>

> @@ @@

> Y'know, that doesn't really make me feel better? For all I know, there's something down there that shut 'em up in a nasty way.

>

> @@ @@

> Just remain calm.

>

> @@ @@

> ...

>

> @@ @@

> ...

>

> @@ @@

> —D-50543, stop, stop! There, on your left.

>

> @@ @@

> Wh—Jeez! You damn near gave me a heart attack, and over this?

>

> @@ @@

> Please, approach, give the camera a good view of it.

>

> @@ @@

> I'm doing it, I'm doing it. Sheesh, it's just a stupid little sign. What's the big deal?

>

@@ @@

@@ @@

= .

= .

= .

@@ @@

@@ @@

### Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-9106 is currently assessed to pose minimal threat to Foundation operations. In exchange for being allowed to continue operations and provide services to the Foundation, SCP-9106/GoI-404 has agreed to take the following Foundation-mandated precautions towards maintaining the Veil:

* Abstaining from deploying SCP-9106-A and -B  instances or information regarding said instances in civilian areas.

* Abstaining from revealing the existence of the anomalous to civilian clients.

* Abstaining from engaging in the sale of properties demonstrating any anomalous behaviour in the last 6 months to civilian clients.

SCP-9106 has agreed to abstain from entering Foundation sites or properties. In the event that this agreement is breached and an instance of SCP-9106-A manifests inside any Foundation site, the entry is to be barricaded and an immediate search for SCP-9106-B instances is to be undertaken. If leverage is needed to ensure compliance from SCP-9106, known employees of SCP-9106 may be detained.

SCP-9106 has agreed to provide SCP-9106-B1 instances for usage as D-Class personnel in cases where human physiology is not a necessity. Currently, a budget necessary for purchasing 20 instances per month has been allotted by the Department of Finance. All other interactions with or usage of SCP-9106 and its sub-anomalies must receive Level 4 authorization.

### Description:

SCP-9106 is the collective designation given to the Eisenfremder Real Estate company and the anomalous phenomenon employed by or otherwise associated with it. SCP-9106 operates similarly to a non-anomalous real estate company, but specifically targets anomalous properties, structures and locations for the purposes of acquiring, refurbishing and selling them. It is noted that SCP-9106 exclusively targets locations featuring artificial or manufactured structures.

SCP-9106 routinely employs non-anomalous humans in its operations, primarily as realtors, legal experts, technicians and accountants. Aside from these hiring practices, SCP-9106 has been noted to avoid breaches of the Veil whenever possible, primarily working with behind-the-veil clients including the Foundation. For a comprehensive breakdown of SCP-9106's known interactions with other GoIs, see the separate GoI-404 (Eisenfremder Real Estate) file.

SCP-9106 is currently cooperative with the Foundation, and secure communication channels with the organization have been established. Direct communications with PoI-9106-1Ian Malcolm Holmes, alleged CEO and founder of SCP-9106. are currently being pursued.

In addition to a variety of paratechnologies acquired through commerce, SCP-9106 utilizes two primary sub-anomalies for its purposes:

* **SCP-9106-A:** Doors that spontaneously manifest in pre-existing structures that serve as spatial portals connecting to and from the company's headquarters.

* **SCP-9106-B:** Artificial entities produced by SCP-9106 for the purposes of exploring, claiming and refurbishing locations.

@@ @@

SCP-9106-A instances function as temporary spatial portals to and from Eisenfremder's headquarters, described by interviewed subjects as a patch of land in a temperate climate with three major structures:

* A moderately-sized office, where the majority of SCP-9106's business is managed.

* A large industrial hangar repurposed as a manufacturing plant for SCP-9106-B instances, storage unit for equipment, and staging ground for excursions to anomalous locations.

* A two-story house that -A instances link to, and also where PoI-9106-1 resides.

SCP-9106-A instances primarily manifest along the walls of pre-existing structures, or in doorframes in place of pre-existing doors. Instances can demanifest at any time, but cannot manifest in any location currently within line-of-sight of a human individual.

SCP-9106 utilizes SCP-9106-A to transport employees and gain entry to anomalous locations, including structures that are otherwise inaccessible or locations that exist outside of normal space. The exact intrusive capabilities of SCP-9106-A are unknown.

SCP-9106 produces and utilizes several types of artificial humanoid entities with limited intelligence for usage in potentially-hazardous environments and physical labor, referred to as SCP-9106-B instances. There are currently four known variants of SCP-9106-B, three of which have been encountered by Foundation personnel. All variants share several common traits:

* Featureless humanoid bodies constructed out of an unknown plastic-like material.

* Plastic implants in place of conventional eyes that allow for vision.

* Clothing consisting of disposable jumpsuits, caps and sneakers.

* Incoherent, mumbling speech only understood by other instances and employees of SCP-9106.

* As described by SCP-9106 representatives, a "can-do attitude".

@@ @@

| Designation | GoI-404 Des. |  | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| SCP-9106-B1 | "Ted" Unit |  | Basic, mass-produced humanoid units. No special capabilities. |
| SCP-9106-B2 | "Stanley" Unit |  | Units resembling flattened B1 units, with no rigid portions of the body. Capable of maneuvering through and fitting within extremely tight spaces. |
| SCP-9106-B3 | "Webster" Unit |  | Specialist units resembling B1 units with smaller torsos and limbs, enlarged heads and hyper-elongated fingers and toes. Capable of adhering to and traversing vertical surfaces and ceilings, and of excreting strands of a lightweight material similar to spider silk. |
| SCP-9106-B4 | "Dachshund" Unit |  | Unknown. |

### History:

SCP-9106 was first directly encountered on 3/3/2023 during the initial expedition into the extraspatial basement of SCP-████An anomalous high school demonstrating spatial anomalies, primarily in the form of students being called to classrooms and offices increasingly distant from normal space. by MTF Zeta-9 ("Mole Rats").A mobile task force specializing in the exploration and containment of underground or otherwise enclosed anomalous spaces, particularly those with inconsistent topography and/or spacetime.

<details>
<summary>+ View Encounter Log</summary>

**Document ID:** Encounter Log 9106-G1

**Date:** 3/3/2023

---

**Personnel:** MTF Zeta-9

* Agent Sydney: Team lead, primary navigator

* Agent Brasilia: Secondary navigator

* Agent Chicago: Scout, pointman

* Agent Marrakesh: Medic

**Notes:** *Log has been trimmed to portions relevant to SCP-9106. Full log transcript can be found in the SCP-████ file.*

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[The operatives are currently traversing several connected hallways in the structure's third basement level. The current hallway is lined with doors that open to rooms of widely varying sizes. Agent Chicago opens a door on the righthand wall, revealing a standard classroom.]*

**Chicago:** Another standard, chairs on desks. Nothing else I can see, no signs of anything animate.

**Sydney:** Alright, adding it to the map now. Mark the door and let's move right along.

*[Chicago closes the door, and marks it with chalk. The group then moves forwards, following the hallway as it turns right.]*

**Chicago:** Oop. Look there.

*[Chicago points ahead, where a door on the lefthand wall is marked with chalk.]*

**Chicago:** Well, here we go. Starting to loop on us.

**Brasilia:** ...No. That's—just double-checking—not one of our markings.

**Sydney:** It's in a different color, too.

**Chicago:** What are we thinking then, mimicry? Trying to confuse us? Or did something else make it?

**Marrakesh:** Do we open it?

*[The group is silent for a moment, before Sydney shakes his head.]*

**Sydney:** Nah. If it is a trap, let's not spring it. Bras, add it to the map, then let's go for the next one down. Command, you cool with all that?

**Command:** Affirmative. Map out the area first, then investigate potential risks once you have a better grasp of your surroundings.

*[Chicago opens the next door after the marked door, revealing a classroom that tapers to a width of an estimated 7 cm over the course of its length.]*

**Chicago:** Wedge. Seems spatially consistent, not intersecting with anything else we know of. Nothing interesting, well, aside from—from the skinny little tables, heh.

**Brasilia:** Marked.

*[The group closes the door, and moves to the next one. Chicago moves to open the door, but stops.]*

**Chicago:** Hold, hold. I hear something moving.

*[All operatives draw weapons as Chicago presses his ear to the door.]*

**Chicago:** *[softly]* More than one, doesn't sound big. Cloth rustling, clothes? A little speech, can't make it out, some clattering. There's... a little light coming through the cracks now and then. Flashlight moving, maybe.

**Sydney:** Command?

**Command:** Enter with caution.

*[Sydney holds up five fingers, then silently counts down. At zero, Chicago opens the door and all operatives aim their lights inwards, illuminating a single SCP-9106-B1 instance. The entity is holding a flashlight and staring directly into the beam. It deactivates the beam and looks towards the operatives as they enter. Four other B1 instances are illuminated towards the back of the room.]*

**SCP-9106-B1:** Wud?

**Sydney:** ...Can you hear us?

**SCP-9106-B1:** Uhruddhuh.

*[The other entities take notice of the operatives, and one walks over. All entities appear unalarmed.]*

**SCP-9106-B1:** Dhuhruduhwhud?

**SCP-9106-B1:** Hurhuwu.

**Chicago:** Huh.

**Sydney:** Well, there appears to be a bit of a language barrier, but the entities appear non-hostile.

**Command:** Continue to observe.

**SCP-9106-B1:** Ruhddwhurdu.

*[The B1 instances congregate, and begin to confer with each other. The entities periodically lapse into silence for several seconds before resuming vocalizations. Eventually, one of the instances approaches the operatives as the others watch.]*

**SCP-9106-B1:** Wurd?

**Sydney:** Still can't understand you, pal.

*[The instance returns to the group, where one of the other instances produces a flip phone from another's backpack and hands it to the first instance. The entity then returns to the operatives and holds out the phone, as well as a small slip of paper. The phone has only one button. Agent Marrakesh steps forwards, takes the phone and examines the slip.]*

**Marrakesh:** ..."Eisenfremder Real Estate".

**Sydney:** Command, that ring any bells?

**Command:** ...A couple hits in the database, mentioned in recovered receipts from some GoIs, a poster in 087. No real info.

**Marrakesh:** Lemme know when I can press the button.

**Sydney:** Shoot.

*[Marrakesh presses the button on the phone, prompting a dial tone to play briefly before a female voice begins speaking.]*

**?????:** Hi, this is Cathy from Eisenfremder Real Estate! I hear from our boys that you're somewhere you're not supposed to be. Well, don't you worry now, you're in good hands with our team of professionals!

*[An SCP-9106-B1 instance salutes, hitting another in the process.]*

**Marrakesh:** Uh, hi Cathy. I think there's—I'm gonna put you on with my boss.

*[Marrakesh quickly passes the phone to Sydney.]*

**Sydney:** Hi, Cathy. We're under the impression that we *are* supposed to be here documenting this place, and we've got a whole organization backing us up if you want to argue about it. We're unfamiliar with Eisenfremder, would you mind explaining what your... creatures are doing here?

**Cathy:** Oh, that's an oopsie by me then, sorry! Good to hear you're prepared, these places can get pretty spooky! We didn't expect to bump into anyone else here, you see we're kiiiiiiind of in the middle of our initial appraisal of the space.

**Sydney:** Appraisal?

**Cathy:** Oh, silly me, you said you weren't familiar with Eisenfremder! Well, see, Eisenfremder is a promising real estate start-up dealing with haunted houses, liminal spaces and impossible structures of all kinds, refurbishing them into happy, habitable homes! Or other buildings! We're currently appraising the space, which means mapping it out, taking note of any little quirks and that kind of thing. Once that's done, we'll start cleaning the place up and eventually fully remodeling it. After that, it's ready for the market!

**Sydney:** I see. Now, Cathy, there's a bit of an issue with the both of us being here—

**Cathy:** Oh, no, you all seem well-behaved. I trust we can stay out of each other's way. Or—better yet, if we're both charting the property I'm certain the Teds would be happy to split the effort. Boys, work nicely with our new friends!

**SCP-9106-B1:** Huddhu!

**Sydney:** Now wait—

**Cathy:** —Oopsie, so sorry, I've got a call from another group coming in, sounds like they're having some trouble! Take care now, I'll call back when I can!

*[The individual speaking on the phone hangs up. Sydney sighs as the B1 instances gather around the operatives. One passes a sheaf of paper to Brasilia.]*

**Sydney:** Alright, then.

**Command:** Go along with it for now, it's better than letting them run off unobserved. At least this way we can prevent any tampering.

**Brasilia:** Oh, this is—they've got a decent portion mapped out, it looks like... they entered from the floor below, then started moving up. Suggests an anomalous means of entry.

*[Brasilia produces the group's own map to cross-reference. The B1 instances observe, sketching a copy of the map and conversing among themselves. One points at the operative's map, indicating the location of the marked door.]*

**SCP-9106-B1:** Huhwurduruh.

**Sydney:** You're gonna have to show us what you mean, buddy.

**SCP-9106-B1:** Druhu.

*[The B1 instances exit the room and wait for the operatives outside. The operatives follow cautiously. A B1 instance then opens the marked door, revealing a lightless area within. The instance points inwards, then produces a glowstick and tosses it inside. Upon passing the threshold, the light of the glowstick disappears. The clatter of the glowstick hitting the floor can still be heard.]*

**SCP-9106-B1:** Huhwurduruh.

*[The instance steps into the room, becoming obscured. Its footsteps can be heard, followed by a metallic clatter and the sounds of several large objects falling over. After several seconds, objects can be heard moving and the footsteps resume. The instance exits the room, visibly disheveled and holding a chair.]*

**Chicago:** No light. Got it.

*[The combined group resumes exploration of the third and fourth basement levels, with the operatives tailing behind and observing the SCP-9106-B1 instances. The process goes quickly, mostly consisting of double-checking the validity of the entities' map and identifying their notation. After approximately 36 minutes, the group descends to the unmapped fifth basement level.]*

**SCP-9106-B1:** Ududdruwhuhu.

**Chicago:** The way that they talk definitely reminds me of something, but I don't know what.

*[Agent Marrakesh leans in towards Chicago.]*

**Marrakesh:** Radda Radda?

**Chicago:** No, it's like, uh, if Scooby-Doo was a Banjo-Kazooie npc. More like ruh-reh-ra-ruh-roh-re.

**Brasilia:** Let's stay focused, we're in unexplored territory.

**Marrakesh:** They talk like the Pyro.

**Chicago:** *Yes*. Definitely it.

**Sydney:** Seconding Bras, easing the tension is fine but stay focused.

*[A B1 instance approaches the first door on the righthand wall, labelled "DETENTION", and unsuccessfully attempts to open it.]*

**SCP-9106-B1:** Hudhurwhurd.

**Marrakesh:** I'll get out the lockpicks.

**Sydney:** —Hold that, they're doing something.

*[The B1 instances retrieve a rolled bundle from one of their backpacks, and clear a space as they roll it out. The bundle unrolls into a SCP-9106-B2 instance, which lifts its head towards the group.]*

**SCP-9106-B2:** Wurwiwuwa?

**SCP-9106-B1:** Duddruduwhu.

**Chicago:** What the fuck.

*[The B1 instance points towards the door. The B2 instance then slithers underneath the door, and after approximately a minute reappears and shakes its head.]*

**SCP-9106-B2:** Irwuwa.

**Sydney:** Take it in stride, Chicago. Mar, try the picks.

*[The entities move away from the door, and begin rolling the B2 instance back up. One B1 instance points at the door and vocalizes as agent Marrakesh attempts picking the lock.]*

**SCP-9106-B1:** Durhud.

**Marrakesh:** Oh, this isn't budging at all.

*[Marrakesh steps back, before kicking the door. The door does not open. Three B1 instances step backwards, now carrying a fourth between them. They back down the hallway a short distance, level the held entity with the ground, then charge forwards and ram it against the door. The door does not open. The remaining entity begins searching in its backpack.]*

**Marrakesh:** Either this school reinforces a normal-ass door with steel girders, or there's something unnatural going on. Place your bets.

**Brasilia:** Something's got the..."Teds" bothered about it though.

**Sydney:** Whatever the flat one reported. Command?

**Command:** Stand back for now, see what the entities do. If whatever's in there is a threat, then they'll serve as canaries.

**Sydney:** Roger.

*[The B1 instance retrieves a tub of ointment from its backpack, and begins applying it to the wall next to the door. After applying it to an area covering roughly 1.2 square meters, the entity steps back. Over the course of a minute the ointment solidifies into a small door, which the entity then opens.]*

**Chicago:** Damn. You think they'd sell us some of that stuff?

 **Sydney:** Shine a light in. What do you see?

**Chicago:** Uh, let's see—Oh, jeez, that's—that's a lot of little skeletons.

**Sydney:** Figures.

**Brasilia:** God. Okay, one of them's going in.

*[A B1 instance crouches down and proceeds through the doorway, holding a measuring tape. It continues out of sight, and clattering noises can be heard from within the room. After several minutes, the entity exits and begins appending the map.]*

**Sydney:** Seems safe. Chicago, get some pictures.

*[Chicago enters the room and begins taking photos.]*

**Chicago:** Fuck, there's scratch marks on the back of the door.

**Sydney:** You get used to it. Well, it's on the map now and there's nothing hostile in there, let's keep going. Cathy's gonna have a hard sell on her hands.

*[Agent Chicago exits the room, and the group moves on. The remainder of the fifth and final basement level is mapped without incident over the course of 19 minutes.]*

**Chicago:** Alright, we've covered the whole thing. Syd, we ready to head back?

**Marrakesh:** Before that, what do we do about these guys? Bag 'em?

*[Marrakesh gestures at the SCP-9106-B instances.]*

**Command:** Not yet, this is a potential GoI we're dealing with. For now, keep observing them.

**Sydney:** Roger. Just keep eyes on them for now.

*[The operatives observe the entities finalizing their map and packing up their equipment. Once this is done, the entities walk down the hallway towards a SCP-9106-A doorway that manifested at an unknown point prior.]*

**Brasilia:** Wait, that door's not on the map. When did it get there?

**Chicago:** Shit, they're going through. Do we pursue?

*[One of the entities opens the door, exposing several floodlights pointed inwards. Due to the intense light, the area on the other side of the SCP-9106-A portal cannot be discerned beyond a concrete floor. The B1 instances begin filing through the door.]*

**Sydney:** No, we came here equipped for one expedition, not two back-to-back.

**Command:** Agreed, they may take it as an act of aggression.

*[Once all B1 instances are through, the door closes and promptly vanishes.]*

**Marrakesh:** Shit. Would've liked to learn more.

**Sydney:** Relax. I've still got the phone.

[END LOG]

</details>

Following the return of the MTF Zeta-9 members, the recovered phone was used to establish initial contact with SCP-9106. After discussion with representatives of the group, the first iterations of the agreements included in the Special Containment Procedures were drafted and approved, and Eisenfremder Real Estate was designated GoI-404.The company's SCP designation was retained due to the presence of multiple consistent anomalies unique to SCP-9106, thereby necessitating specific anomalous research beyond that needed for GoIs.

Prior to establishing the usage of SCP-9106-B1 instances as D-Class, a remote interview was conducted by the Ethics Committee.

<details>
<summary>+ View Interview Log</summary>

> **Source Document:** Interview Log 9106-E4

> **Date:** 3/27/2023

> ----

> **Interviewer:** Ethics Committee Liaison Ursula Sach

> **Interviewee:** Eisenfremder Representative Cathy Green

> ----

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Sach:** Our organization has a couple questions about the humanoids you manufacture. Depending on the answers, we may be interested in negotiating a purchase.

> 

> **Green:** Certainly, what do you want to know?

> 

> **Sach:** We'll start with the big one. What degree of sentience, of self-awareness do they have?

> 

> **Green:** Hmm, about a pigeon's worth. They know what they are and recognize themselves, but they don't really have a "who", you see. They basically consider themselves interchangeable with their tools. The closest thing they have to an identity is an attachment to whatever specific task they're currently carrying out.

> 

> **Sach:** What about emotional capacity?

> 

> **Green:** Well, they have one.

> 

> **Sach:** Yes, but to what degree?

> 

> **Green:** No, they have *one.* One emotion.

> 

> **Sach:** ...Which would be?

> 

> **Green:** A sense of satisfaction with a job well-done!

> 

> **Sach:** That's a fairly complex sensation, one that seems like it would demand at least several precursor emotions. Are you *sure* they don't feel anything else? Happiness, pleasure?

> 

> **Green:** Alright, ma'am, it's company policy to respond to this line of questioning by informing the customer that Ted units and other units are not anatomically complete, and any perceived—

> 

> **Sach:** —Whoa, whoa, I'm not trying to *fuck* them! We're checking to make sure you aren't practicing *slavery!*

> 

> **Green:** Oh—Oh! [laughter] Oh why didn't you say so? No, they love doing their job. Can't feel pain, fear, boredom, any of it, all those nasty bits of life are totally alien to them. Besides, they only think while on the clock.

> 

> **Sach:** Sheesh. At some point we'll be wanting to run some tests to confirm all this, by the way. Now, what about mortality? How do they view death? Are they aware of it?

> 

> **Green:** Oh, they don't care if they die. They'll try and avoid it, sure, but they're way more committed to getting the job done.

> 

> **Sach:** There are, obviously, some ethical concerns about designing another being's intelligence.

> 

> **Green:** Of course, which is why we're all glad they have no capacity for suffering! Plus, giving them the bare minimum also means they're cheaper to make. You know what the most expensive part of making a Ted is?

> 

> **Sach:** ...Animating them? Their eye structures?

> 

> **Green:** Their sneakers.

> 

> [END LOG]

</details>

### Addendum 1:

On 4/27/2023, in order to ascertain whether or not formerly-anomalous properties sold and leased by SCP-9106 required containment, SCP-9106 agreed to allow Foundation agents to shadow the refurbishment process of an anomalous property. The property in question was a recently acquired and mapped house on the outskirts of Lichfield, UK, that exhibited several anomalous properties, detailed in the log below.

<details>
<summary>+ View Encounter Log</summary>

**Document ID:** Encounter Log 9106-D3

**Date:** 4/27/2023

---

**Personnel:** Foundation Liaison Lucia Sanderson, Doctor Michael Easter, MTF Zeta-9 Agent Chicago

**Notes:** *The group is accompanied by Eisenfremder representative Cathy Green and six SCP-9106-B1 instances.*

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[The Foundation personnel arrive outside the property in a rental car. Several construction screens have been set up around the property to prevent civilian witnesses to any anomalous activity. Cathy Green is standing outside the house.]*

**Chicago:** Remind me again why we couldn't just take one of their doors in?

**Sanderson:** Because we haven't done testing on them, and we don't want to grow dependent on utilizing anomalies *especially* when they are controlled by another group.

**Chicago:** Right, sorry. Just thinking out loud.

**Easter:** I've known you for six hours and I haven't seen you think quietly yet.

*[Sanderson parks the car and the group disembarks as Green approaches.]*

**Green:** Hi, all! I'm Cathy Green, pleased to meet you, so glad you could make it, we're super excited to show you how we do business!

**Sanderson:** Mrs. Green.

**Green:** Oh, just call me Cathy. You must be Lucy!

*[Sanderson pauses.]*

**Sanderson:** Yes, I am Lucia Sanderson. With me are Doctor Easter and Agent Chicago, to provide their own professional insights.

**Easter:** Hello.

**Chicago:** Hi, Mrs. Green! I was there when we first made contact, but I wasn't on the phone.

**Green:** Oh, super! Pleased to meetcha in person, then. That means you're already familiar with the Teds, they took a door inside and are ready to start when you are!

*[The group proceeds to the front steps of the house.]*

**Sanderson:** Our research indicated that there were some seven murders here, correct?

**Green:** Yup, nasty business, but I assure you it wasn't the house's fault!

**Easter:** So, what are we in for?

**Green:** Initial mapping showed a pretty consistent interior, the rooms will rumble and change but the actual dimensions are static. Also, the Teds are pretty sure they saw a ghost or two.

**Chicago:** It certainly *looks* haunted.

**Green:** Oh, shush, it's lovely. It just needs a little tender loving care.

*[Green opens the door, revealing the foyer, main hallways and staircase. Three B1 instances are visible, hugging the banister, kitchen doorframe and floor. The instance on the floor is gently stroking the floorboards.]*

**Chicago:** What are they doing?

**Green:** Tender loving care! Ooh, don't step in just yet, sorry. We're going to want to double-check to make sure it's safe for us. Ted, dear, pop a giblet.

**SCP-9106-B1:** Uddrudhuwhuhurd.

*[A B1 instance separates itself from the banister and produces a plastic container from a pocket. It unscrews the cap, then dumps a small lump of biological material out onto the floor. The lump sprouts tiny arms and legs and begins vocalizing loudly in a high-pitched voice and waving its arms.]*

**?????:** I'm alive! I'm okay! I'm okay! I'm okay! I'm okay!

**Easter:** Wow, I hate this.

*[The lump begins to visibly wither, and extrude grey hairs.]*

**?????:** I'm okay! I'm okay! I'm old! I'm old!

**Green:** That's a Giblet, a little sensory lump we use to test habitability. Anything that would affect a human will affect it, and a lot faster too so nothing flies under the radar! It doesn't need any fancy displays either, it does a great job verbally letting us know what's happening.

**Giblet:** I'm old! I'm old! I'm old! Dying!

*[The lump collapses and ceases all signs of animacy. The B1 instance scoops it back into the container, then crosses itself.]*

**Easter:** So, accelerated aging?

**Green:** No, that was normal. We're all safe to go!

*[The group steps into the house. A breeze blows through the hallway, and the floorboards creak.]*

**Chicago:** Pretty cold in here, a chill down my spine and all that.

**Easter:** Initial readings say that there's definitely some spectral influence here.

**Green:** Yup, time to scrub it out!

*[The B1 instances produce spray-bottles labelled "Skrub: The only household cleaner to clean all 5 dimensions!" and scrub-brushes, and begin applying both to the surrounding area. Agent Chicago later reported that each resulting bubble showed him his entire life from beginning to end when looked at, but the other personnel present could not validate his claim.]*

**Green:** We start by giving the whole place a deep-clean, that usually gets most of the more passive hazards. Minor pests like roaches or asbestos gnomes are also usually driven out in the process. After that, once it's safe to have humans onboard, we handle any construction that needs doing.

**Sanderson:** Why wait for human habitability, couldn't the synthetics handle the construction work?

**Green:** Oh, they do! It's policy to have actual people there as soon as possible, especially for any invasive procedures. Taking out walls, replacing lead pipes, those things are best done with a human touch.

**Sanderson:** Ah. For artistic purposes?

**Green:** No, we just want to make it clear that we care.

**Sanderson:** Whatever keeps morale up, I suppose.

**Green:** Exactly! We want to keep our clients happy and comfortable.

**Easter:** Well, whatever you're doing, some of those readings I was getting are going down.

*[The group proceeds up the staircase and into a large circular sitting room on the second floor, which connects to two bedrooms. A B1 instance is present in the room, rolling up a rug from the floor.]*

**Green:** Now, this room is where three of the murders took place, so it's what we might call a bit of a hotspot. If—

*[All present stumble as the room begins to rotate while a low wail slowly builds. As the room spins, the view beyond the doorways and windows shifts to a surface of weeping faces conjoined by welding seams. The wailing grows louder, and hundreds of disembodied fingers emerge from the baseboards and scuttle up the walls.]*

**Easter:** Damnit, Green!

**Chicago:** Okay I'm ready to give a professional insight on the situation. This is bad but at least it's not crushing us and I really don't like the facewall.

*[The B1 entity trips and is flung into the wall, where it is pinned as if by centrifugal forces.]*

**Easter:** Wh—It's not spinning fast enough for that to happen!

**Sanderson:** Mrs. Green, we were assured there was no danger.

**Green:** Oh, this is fine! Just a little shifting geometry and some apparitions, we're perfectly safe. In fact, hang on just one second—

*[Green quickly types on her phone, then waits. After several seconds the phone chimes.]*

**Green:** —Yup, Cornerstone approved by Mr. Holmes! Now, let me just get the papers from Ted here...

**SCP-9106-B1:** Whurduwhu!!

*[Green approaches the entity and removes a piece of folded blueprint paper from its chest pocket. She then moves to the center of the room and lays the paper flat before knocking twice against its center. A brick of off-white masonry manifests on the paper.]*

**Green:** So, this is a Cornerstone! One of our most useful little tools, there's a finite supply of them so each usage has to be approved by Mr. Holmes, our CEO, as he's the one who provides them. We also always make sure to retrieve them afterwards—

**Chicago:** —Cathy, please hurry.

**Green:** Oopsie, right!

*[Green transfers the brick off of the paper and onto the floor. The room immediately snaps back to its former position and all spectral phenomenon instantly disappear. The B1 entity is catapulted out the window as the room stops, again inconsistent with the prior levels of centripetal force.]*

**Green:** Let's hear it for the humble Cornerstone!

*[Sanderson steadies herself.]*

**Sanderson:** That's a potent artifact, some of our people will be contacting you later about obtaining one. We'll also want to talk with your Mr. Holmes.

**Green:** Ooh, you might be waiting a while on that. He's been wrapped up in talks with the white house, which—

**Sanderson:** —Yes, those always take a while. But, more presently, if the home is still capable of displaying that level of anomaly, then there's no way it can be given to civilians.

**Green:** Oh, Lucy, of course not! That kind of behaviour is unacceptable. But once we finish refurbishing the house, nothing like that will happen. The Cornerstone is just here until we reach that point.

**Sanderson:** How exactly do you plan to ensure no further incidents like that?

**Green:** Well, it's a case-by-case basis. For this property, we have some instant exorcism kits we'll try to get any lingering spirits out. If that doesn't work, then we'll probably just remove the room in its entirety and put something else in its place.

*[The B1 instance, covered in glass shards, climbs back through the broken window with a dustpan.]*

**SCP-9106-B1:** Huddruhudu.

*[The entity begins sweeping up the remaining glass shards. The group moves into the master bedroom, where Chicago closes the door behind them at Green's gesture.]*

**Easter:** If there is a lingering presence tied to the specific location, altering the floorplan won't do anything.

**Green:** No, I mean actually removing the room. The whole thing, out like a bad tooth, taking all the nastiness with it! Then we rebuild a new room in the cavity, I'm thinking a nice little book nook could be good there. All those spines would really put some color back into the place!

**Easter:** I suppose that *could* work, but at that point given the time and cost it'd be more efficient to demolish the entire structure and build a new one.

*[Green stops, and turns to look at Easter.]*

**Green:** Oh, you mean like when you take your wife to the hospital and they shoot her out back then introduce you to the cute new phlebotomist instead?

**Easter:** What?

**Green:** We're here to fix these places up, Mr. Easter. Not to just build new ones.

**Easter:** Forget I said anything, geez.

*[Brief choir music is heard from the other side of the door, followed by an explosive bang.]*

**Green:** Ooh, the exorcism's done!

*[The group returns to the sitting room, where an additional B1 instance is packing up a smoldering microwave from the floor. The instance with the dustpan removes the Cornerstone from the floor, sweeps underneath, and then replaces it without incident.]*

**Chicago:** Did it work?

**Easter:** I mean, the readings have dropped again. It's pretty near baseline.

**Green:** Oh, super! We'll hit each murder site, then all that's left that you'd be interested in is finishing the deep clean.

*[The remainder of the log consists of personnel observing the SCP-9106-B1 entities cleaning the property and installing a new pane of glass in the broken second-floor window. No additional anomalous phenomenon of note occur, aside from a B1 entity spontaneously becoming stuck inside the washing machine.]*

[END LOG]

</details>

Following the shadowing process and monthly additional checks for lingering anomalous activity over the course of six months, no action towards containing properties formerly owned and refurbished by SCP-9106 was deemed necessary.

### Addendum 2:

On 10/14/2024, a representative from SCP-9106 contacted their official Foundation liaison, Lucia Sanderson, to request assistance. At the time, this was the only time SCP-9106 had initiated contact with the Foundation.Excluding marketing calls.

<details>
<summary>+ View Communications Log</summary>

> **Document ID:** GoI-404 Call Transcript A27

> **Date:** 10/14/2024

> ----

>

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Sanderson:** Hi, this is Lucia Sanderson. To whom am I speaking?

> 

> **Green:** Hi, this is Cathy Green from Eisenfremder Real Estate. Just double-checking, you're still our Foundation liaison, right?

> 

> **Sanderson:** I am. Why is Eisenfremder calling, Cathy?

> 

> **Green:** Oh, well, you see, there's a little bit of a situation that we're thinking we'd like to try to hand over to you. Paid, of course.

> 

> **Sanderson:** If it's urgent, don't beat around the bush. What's going on?

> 

> **Green:** Oh, don't worry, it's not *urgent* urgent. See, we recently acquired a new property—this shuttered supermarket in Kansas City—and were in the process of mapping it out, when we, um. Found out that there was someone else already there. Kind of—kind of like when your teams stumble across us. Except they're not friendly. Now, we can normally deal with pests on our own, but, um, these are people. And our pest-control methods aren't appropriate for that.

> 

> **Sanderson:** Humans?

> 

> **Green:** Yes, we're pretty sure. We're not sure how they got in, but they've clearly got some kind of magic. They've been transforming the place pretty drastically.

> 

> **Sanderson:** Alright, I think we'd be willing to address this. I'll have to confer with some others to determine the specifics of our deal, so I'll call you back once I have some guidelines to work with. I probably won't be more than an hour.

> 

> **Green:** Alright, super! Pleasure doing business with you! Bye, now!

> 

> [END LOG]

</details>

Following the call, the details of the Foundation's assistance were finalized and members of MTF Zeta-9 were deployed through a provided SCP-9106-A portal to the location in question.

<details>
<summary>+ View Encounter Log</summary>

**Document ID:** Encounter Log 9106-D8

**Date:** 10/14/2024

---

**Personnel:** MTF Zeta-9

* Agent Sydney: Team lead

* Agent Paris: Counter-thaumatologist

* Agent Marrakesh: Medic

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[The operatives are standing in front of the SCP-9106-A instance. Sydney grabs the doorknob and opens the door, revealing a small bedroom. A large terrarium hosting several snails is placed on the top of a dresser. Cathy Green is standing in the room, and waves upon the agents' entry.]*

**Green:** Hi all, Cathy here! Thanks so much for agreeing to—Oh, just step right in so the door can reroute, there we go—Thanks so much for agreeing to help us!

**Sydney:** Don't mention it, just doing our duty.

**Paris:** And you're paying us. What kinda thugs are we dealing with?

 

**Green:** Well, our units haven't been able to start up a conversation, but they're all wearing robes.

*[Marrakesh and Paris groan.]*

**Marrakesh:** Man, please don't be Nälkäns, I don't have incendiaries.

**Green:** Oh, I'm sure it'll be fine, they seem like they've got more bark than bite. It's not much of an accomplishment to have taken out some Teds. We love them dearly, but they *are* mostly sawdust.

**Paris:** You said there was magic.

**Green:** We assume so, they've been growing trees in the middle of a grocery store. Oh, the door's ready! We'll put you in on the edge of where we encountered them. Have a super time, you all!

*[The SCP-9106 representative opens the SCP-9106-A instance, revealing the soup isle of a supermarket. The operatives proceed through the doorway.]*

**Sydney:** There's a breeze.

**Marrakesh:** Yeah. Isn't the whole space enclosed?

**Sydney:** It's supposed to be.

*[Marrakesh inspects the shelves, and removes a can.]*

**Marrakesh:** "Campbell's Cream of Being Eaten Alive From Within."

**Paris:** Aren't we supposed to be dealing with cultists?

**Sydney:** Relax. Even if this anomaly isn't in the Foundation's hands, we should still take notes.

**Paris:** I woke up eighteen minutes ago, Syd. I'd like to get this done quickly.

*[The group exits the aisle and continues moving through the store, passing by a display of cereal boxes featuring prominent lettering that spells out "HELP ME" repeatedly. After two minutes have passed, the group turns into the seasonings aisle. Grass and moss is growing through the floor tiles, and the ceiling above the aisle shows weathering inconsistent with the rest of the structure.]*

**Marrakesh:** Here we go.

**Sydney:** Move forwards.

*[The group proceeds down the aisle. As they proceed, the light level drops as the ceiling gives way, exposing the night sky. The operatives step out past the end of the aisle into a lightly forested clearing. Several dilapidated store shelves are scattered around the clearing, overgrown with vegetation.]*

**?????:** Heeee! The foul agents of artificiality return! But they are confronted by... a druid!

*[A cloaked figure stands up from where it had been crouched behind a shrub, raising its arms outwards. The operatives activate their flashlights, illuminating the figure. The figure is a human male.]*

**?????:** You who worship evil structures, behold how your empire crumbles in the face of the natural way!

**Paris:** The supermarket?

**?????:** The super sin market! And tomorrow, the wicked apartment complex of brother Colby's wicked ex-girlfriend! And then after that the rest of civilization. All will fall, and mankind shall return to the wild!

**Sydney:**  Yeah, no, you're gonna be coming with us, and then we'll have a fun conversation where you tell us how you transformed this place.

**?????:** Not transformed, reclaimed!

*[Other voices chant "Reclaimed" from the outskirts of the clearing as more robed figures approach.]*

**Paris:** I count fifteen.

**?????:** Now, bear witness to your own compostability!

*[The figure brandishes a dagger]*

**Marrakesh:** Shit—

**?????:** DRUID *KNIFE!*

*[The figure lunges forwards. Agent Marrakesh intercepts it with two shots to the torso, causing the figure to fall to the ground, where it remains still. The surrounding robed figures cease chanting.]*

**Sydney:** Alright, defensive—

**?????:** Fuck, they've got guns now!

*[The remaining robed figures panic. Several immediately run into the surrounding forest. One climbs a tree, which is promptly uprooted by three others, who begin awkwardly carrying it between themselves as they flee. One figure transforms into a sparrow and flies upwards, where it collides with an unseen surface and falls to the floor. The overhead area rapidly transforms back into the supermarket ceiling, spreading outwards from the point of impact. As the supermarket lights illuminate the area, the last robed figure shrieks before diving into a shrub, which then disappears.]*

**Sydney:** Huh.

*[Agent Paris lowers themselves to the floor and lies on their back.]*

**Paris:** I didn't need to get out of bed for this.

[END LOG]

</details>

Following the resolution of the incident, the property was fully restored and sold to the Foundation at a significant discount, as per the terms of the arrangement. The location has since been redesignated Auxiliary Site-119-C, and currently serves as the primary food distribution center for the nearby Site-119 and all other Foundation operations in the Midwestern United States.Personnel report a consistent increase in the quality of generated food items since acquisition.

### Addendum 3:

On 31/3/2025 after a containment breach by SCP-106 resulted in 38 fatalities, modifications to the anomaly's containment chamber were approved. However, as SCP-106 had already been recontained at the time the modifications were approved, a forum was created for proposals to prevent the entity from taking advantage of the construction and breaching containment while the modifications were underway. Due to a lack of alternate proposals, Junior Researcher D. Haldings' suggestion for enlisting SCP-9106 to distract the entity for the duration of the project was accepted.

 

<details>
<summary>+ View Communications Excerpts</summary>

> **Source Document:** GoI-404 Call Transcript C11

> **Date:** 2/4/2025

> ----

> 

> [BEGIN EXCERPT]

> 

> **Green:** Well, sure we can spare the Teds. If the environment is that hostile we won't bother with the sneakers, so we can turn 'em out for around 16 bucks each at... just under two a minute.

> 

> **Sanderson:** How long can you keep up that pace for?

> 

> **Green:** Let me check. [distant] Arch, how much mix do we have in the tanks?

> 

> **?????:** [unintelligible] liters, but we've got a new load of electrolyte powder [unintelligible] dead pigeon.

> 

> **Green:** Thanks, Arch. Hi, Lucy, we can keep things running at full speed like that for... sorry, crunching the numbers... eight days and two hours plus change.

> 

> **Sanderson:** Running the numbers on my end, too... Oh, huh, that's a sub-million cost if we apply our usual bonus. Deal.

> 

> **Green:** Okay, super! I'll just get confirmation from Mr. Holmes. I'm not sure how he'll feel about all this, but I'll remind him that it's saving lives.

> 

> [END EXCERPT]

@@ @@

> **Source Document:** GoI-404 Provided Video Log L2

> **Date:** 2/5/2025

> ----

> 

> [BEGIN EXCERPT]

> 

> *[The video begins showing the inside of the SCP-9106 warehouse, recorded by a handheld camera.]*

> 

> **Archie:** Hey, uh, it's Archie, from Eisenfremder. You can—You can see, we got the machine running full steam, here.

> 

> *[The camera is pointed towards a mechanism consisting of a long hose and nozzle, a large connected tank, a spool of cloth with two thin metal arms, and a metal clamp attached to a piston. The arms roll out a length of the fabric, revealing it to be a roll of disposable jumpsuits, and detach a jumpsuit from the spool. The nozzle lowers into the neck of the jumpsuit and begins filling it with a white substance that expands into a humanoid form. After approximately 28 seconds, the form is complete and the nozzle retracts. The piston lowers the clamp around the head, where it activates and attaches two visual implants. The newly-created SCP-9106-B1 unit stirs, steps out of the machine and grabs a cap from a large stack. The camera tracks it as it dons the cap while running into an open SCP-9106-A instance.]*

> 

> **Archie:** There he goes.

> 

> *[The camera pans back over to the machine, where another instance is being created.]*

> 

> **Archie:** We're not bothering with any of the variants, the place—the place is pretty nasty, built to be a killzone, so we can't really help it with that. Just cleaning it up a little. 'Sides, the contract was only for Teds.

> 

> *[The second instance steps out of the machine, grabs a cap, and jogs towards the SCP-9106-A instance.]*

> 

> **Archie:** Go get 'em, tiger.

> 

> [END EXCERPT]

@@ @@

> **Source Document:** GoI-404 Call Transcript C24

> **Date:** 2/9/2025

> ----

> 

> [BEGIN EXCERPT]

> 

> **Sanderson:** We're almost done on our end. How are things holding up?

> 

> **Green:** I see what you mean about this guy, real piece of work. We're still holding the main antechamber without much change, and the boys are building up for a big push down the eastern hallway. Well, it used to be eastern, it's been migrating. The Teds are going in slightly faster than the homeowner can dissolve them, so cleanup efforts within our controlled territory have been successful. Let me tell you, the place isn't much prettier underneath the grime. For contested areas we've been using red army tactics, one bottle of cleaner for six troops, as each can only get a couple spritzes out before going down. If the Ted in front of you falls, pick up his spray-bottle and carry on.

> 

> **Sanderson:** That's actually a myth, the Soviets never—nevermind. How's the downstairs sector?

> 

> **Green:** Still no contact, but the sandbagging has held. It's a good thing our units decompose so slowly. Morale is super high, by the way!

> 

> [END EXCERPT]

</details>

On 2/13/2025, after approximately nine days of construction all modifications to the containment chamber were completed and the collaborative effort was concluded. A 15-minute memorial service was held in the Site-19 cafeteria for the 23,179 deceased SCP-9106-B1 units.

### Addendum 4:

On 6/22/2025, the initial expedition into a potential spatial anomaly located within the Church of Saint Jan Nepomucký, Czech Republic, was initiated. The expedition was also intended to serve as field training for recent MTF Zeta-9 recruits. The majority of the senior operatives within the taskforce were occupied with the recovery of a separate anomaly, so additional support from SCP-9106 was leased in order to allow the senior operative present to focus on management.

During the course of the expedition, a hostile entity was encountered within the structure that prompted SCP-9106 to demonstrate previously-withheld destructive capabilities.

<details>
<summary>+ View Encounter Log</summary>

**Document ID:** Encounter Log 9106-H7

**Date:** 6/22/2025

---

**Personnel:** MTF Zeta-9

* Agent Marrakesh: Senior operative, team lead, medic

* Recruit I. Harroway

* Recruit J. Yeung

* Recruit S. Nero

* Recruit S. Blanche

**Notes:** *SCP-9106 contingent consists of four SCP-9106-B1 instances, two SCP-9106-B2 instances and one SCP-9106-B3 instance. Agent Marrakesh was granted handling and command permissions for the entities, and is maintaining radio contact with SCP-9106 representative Cathy Green.*

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[The group is gathered in the foyer of the church. The recruits are standing at attention as Marrakesh addresses them, with the SCP-9106-B instances off to the side.]*

**Marrakesh:** Alright, recruits, I'm here to show you the ropes because having someone with medical expertise is a must for training, and because I'm, quote, "inclined towards escalatory actions", so I'm sitting out of the main mission. This is gonna be the real deal, not just a simulation. Got it?

**Yeung, Nero:** Yes, sir!

*[Harroway and Blanche nod.]*

**Marrakesh:** Okay, good to see some enthusiasm. Now, onto the aspect of this mission that wasn't in your training manuals. GoIs. There are exactly two of 'em that don't exist solely to make our job more difficult: Wilson's, and Eisenfremder. Mostly because in both cases they're relatively tiny and also rely on us for a lot of funding.

**Green:** Rude, but true.

**Harroway:** What about the MCF? They're very benign.

**Marrakesh:** No they goddamn aren't. Anyways, to bolster manpower we have some lovely synthetic humanoids from Eisenfremder. First, we have the standard model: The Teds. Say hi, Ted.

**SCP-9106-B1:** Huddhu!

**Marrakesh:** You can get almost all you need to know about the Teds by looking at them. They don't feel pain or fear, but they aren't too smart. Next, meet a Stanley:

*[Marrakesh removes a rolled SCP-9106-B2 unit from a bag, and unfurls it. The entity waves a hand.]*

**SCP-9106-B2:** Uwarwa.

*[Marrakesh rolls the entity back up.]*

**Marrakesh:** They're Teds with the air let out. Good for tight spaces. Finally, and most distractingly, we have a Webster. I do not enjoy looking at Webster. But he is very useful due to his spider-like abilities, so I must put up with his wretched fingers for the greater good.

**SCP-9106-B3:** Idnid.

**Marrakesh:** Climbs walls, spins silk, great for ascents and descents and haunting my dreams. They all report to me, but they'll listen to you too. Let them go into danger first, but still do your own job. Any questions?

**Yeung:** No, sir!

**Blanche:** Are you gonna keep up this drill-sergeant schtick the entire time? This is bullshit, we don't need...

*[Blanche gestures at the SCP-9106-B entities.]*

**Blanche:** ...Training wheels.

**Nero:** I'm quite pleased to be working with anomalies, myself.

**Marrakesh:** —Okay, let's move. You all read the briefing?

**Harroway:** Yep. Interviewed civilians say that the architecture "flickers" between it's current form and much older masonry, with new passages and rooms appearing as well. Most active in the sacristy.

**Marrakesh:** To the sacristy, then.

*[The group moves through the church to the sacristy, where they wait for signs of anomalous activity. After approximately 7 minutes, the lighting in the room shifts from being consistent with the building's electrical lighting to orange-hued light similar to candlelight.]*

**Nero:** The warning sign, I believe?

**Marrakesh:** Yep. Look lively.

*[28 seconds pass, before the architecture of the sacristy shifts to stonework consistent with that of 14th-century central Europe. An entryway to a stairwell manifests in the eastern wall of the sacristy.]*

**Marrakesh:** There we go.

*[Recruits Blanche and Harroway move towards the aperture.]*

**Marrakesh:** Whoa there. I'm excited too, but we're not going in yet. For now, just put one of these in.

*[Marrakesh passes a Foundation-pattern Spatial Distortion Detector device to Blanche, who places it in the doorway.]*

**Marrakesh:** Now we wait until it goes away and comes back, to see if it's consistent and to get a feel for how long the cycles are.

*[The group waits ~15 minutes until the shift reverts, during which time recruit Nero photographs the changes. The shift is confirmed by the link to the device. After another 22 minutes, another shift occurs and the hallway reappears with the device.]*

**Marrakesh:** Alright, this means we likely have a consistent escape route, unless the entire structure is sentient and is trying to lure us in with a false sense of security. Let's go.

**Blanche:** Finally.

*[The group descends the staircase, and begins mapping out the space without incident. After 1 hour and 16 minutes, with shifts between architecture occurring approximately every 22 minutes,With a 2-minute margin of variance. the group reconvenes and Nero, Blanche and Marrakesh compare maps. Harroway, Yeung and the SCP-9106-B3 instance are surveying the immediately surrounding tunnels. The structure is currently in its "modern" form.]*

**Marrakesh:** You've got nice, precise measurements here Blanche, only problem is I can barely read 'em.

**Blanche:** Staying in motion takes priority, of course my handwriting's gonna be a bit messy.

**Marrakesh:** God, now I understand how the others feel. I bet that's why they assigned me this. Okay, Nero, I like your notes comparing the room layouts—

**Nero:** —Thank you, I'm quite fascinated by the analogues between the different iterations of the structure. Electric lights become candle lamps, very fittingly, but crypts strangely become bedrooms, not—

**Marrakesh:** —*But*, Nero, you've missed your compass checks here, here and here.

**Nero:** Ah. Perdonami.

*[Harroway and Yeung step into a three-way intersection in the hallways. After several steps, Harroway halts them.]*

**Harroway:** Wait, Yeung. It's—the floor's wet, kinda slippery.

*[Yeung and the B1 instance crouch down.]*

**Yeung:** ...Just looks like muddy water. Sir?

**Harroway:** It's on the walls, too. Even a little on the ceiling.

**Marrakesh:** On our way. Come on.

*[The group reconvenes. Marrakesh surveys the hallway.]*

**Marrakesh:** Oh, this will be fun.

**Harroway:** Why?

**Marrakesh:** Because it's all the way down this hallway in both directions, which probably means it was left by something moving, big enough to scrape the ceiling. Eyes wide, and let's go.

*[The group proceeds down the hallway, following the trail. After 4 minutes, the trail abruptly turns into a heavily-stained wall and ends.]*

**Blanche:** Damn.

**Marrakesh:** Special-codenamed-senior-operative senses are tingling. Ted, thickness.

**SCP-9106-B1:** Huhrud.

*[A B1 instance produces a handheld device labelled "Thickometer", and presses it against the stained wall. The device reads a width of 3.4cm, significantly thinner than other measured walls.]*

**Marrakesh:** Yep. I'll bet that there's a hallway there in—

*[The structure suddenly shifts to its "ancient" variant without the precursory lighting shift. The stained section of wall vanishes, revealing a hallway blocked by a large mass of wet river clay. The sudden disappearance of the wall it had been applying pressure to causes the SCP-9106-B1 instance to trip forwards, face and arms colliding with the clay mass.]*

**Blanche:** —Shit!

*[The group backs up as the B1 instance attempts to free itself, before the clay shifts and its head is rapidly pulled into the mass. A loud crack is heard, and the entity goes limp. The clay continues moving, rotating until a crudely-sculpted ceramic face becomes visible. Five rough wrought-iron stars are embedded in the mass, surrounding the face.]*

**?????:** ON THE BRIDGE. OVER THE BRIDGE. UNDER THE BRIDGE.

**Marrakesh:** Back up, quick—No, not that way, back the way we came!

*[The clay entity steps into the main hallway, separating Blanche, Yeung and a B1 instance from the rest of the group as its bulk occupies the entire width of the hallway. Blanche opens fire on the entity, to no visible effect.]*

**Marrakesh, Blanche:** *Shit!*

**?????:** THE KING'S RAIMENTS, SOILED WITH SILT.

*[The entity lashes out with a primitive appendage at Blanche but misses, catching the SCP-9106-B1 instance instead and crushing it against a wall.]*

**Marrakesh:** Blanche, stop drawing its attention! I'm gonna try and lure it back to that corridor loop so you two can get past it. Then we break for the exit.

*[Blanche continues firing.]*

**Marrakesh:** Goddamnit! Webster, rope the thing. Nero, Harroway, get ready to pull like hell.

**SCP-9106-B3:** Wirdindwi!

*[The SCP-9106-B3 instance excretes a length of silk, and fastens it around the protruding torso of the absorbed B1 instance. The remaining B1 instance and the operatives all begin to pull on the strand. The clay entity does not move, but its head structure shifts to face the larger group.]*

**?????:** ON THE BRIDGE. OVER THE BRIDGE.

*[The entity grabs the deceased SCP-9106-B1 instance and pushes it deeper into its body. The structure shifts to its modern variant again and the entity pulls on the silk strand. The operatives release the strand, but the remaining B1 instance is pulled forwards into contact with the entity, where it is rapidly absorbed.]*

**?????:** UNDER THE BRIDGE.

**Harroway:** No Teds left. What now?

*[Marrakesh opens fire on the entity.]*

**Marrakesh:** Yeah, come this way!

**?????:** THE KING'S NAME, STAINED WITH GUILT.

*[The entity pursues the larger group, who lead it back towards an earlier hallway loop. Three more architecture shifts occur. As the group attempts to circle around the entity, they encounter a dead end.]*

**Nero:** This—this was not here!

**Marrakesh:** Oh, *now* it decides to remap itself. Cathy, Cornerstone?

**Green:** The Teds had the summoning papers, and they're—

*[The entity turns the corner at the end of the hallway. It is visibly larger. Muddy water begins to seep into the tunnels from the floor, and ceramic protrusions resembling human bones begin to manifest on the walls.]*

**?????:** ON THE BRIDGE.

**Marrakesh:** Fuck. Sorry, you two. Blanche, Yeung, get to the exit, it should be open.

*[The entity walks forwards. The SCP-9106-B3 instance attempts to stop it, but the larger entity continues walking and engulfs it upon contact. Several loud snaps are heard from within the mass once the B3 instance is fully absorbed. Elsewhere, Blanche and Yeung attempt to navigate towards the exit, hindered by bone protrusions extending outwards.]*

**Green:** Al—Alright. Boss is upset. Dachshund unit inbound.

**Marrakesh:** What?

**?????:** OVER THE BRIDGE.

*[Blanche and Yeung come to an intersection, where they see a large entity later labelled as an instance of SCP-9106-B4 entering through an SCP-9106-A doorway. The entity resembles a much larger SCP-9106-B1 instance, with abnormal musculature and a respiratory implant covering most of its lower facial structure.]*

**Blanche:** What the fuck!?

**SCP-9106-B4:** Rrh.

*[Blanche opens fire out of surprise. The B4 instance ignores the bullets and proceeds rapidly towards the other group. Bone protrusions extend to hinder it, but the entity touches the knuckles of its right hand to the wall and the changes immediately revert. It then begins to sprint.]*

**Marrakesh:** Yeung, tell me what's going on.

**Yeung:** It's—Sir, it's like a Ted's dad. Coming your way, fast.

**Green:** Dachshund unit. While I still have control over it, I'll get it to create an opening for you. But the second it starts howling you need to get the heck out of there, okay?

**?????:** UNDER THE BRI—

*[The entity is interrupted as the wall to its left shifts open and the B4 instance charges into it, grabbing its facial structure with both hands and bodily propelling it through the opposing wall as it continues its charge. The surrounding architecture begins fluctuating rapidly.]*

**SCP-9106-B4:** Ruh!

**Marrakesh:** Christ, Cathy, you—Nevermind. Go, go go go!

*[The operatives flee towards the exit point. Heavy impacts and inhuman vocalizations can be heard echoing through the hallway.]*

**Marrakesh:** Alright, I hope the exit is there for us, because in case your super-Ted loses—

**Green:** —It can't.

*[Two metallic pings sound from far behind the operatives, followed by a loud, prolonged screaming howl. The structure heaves slightly.]*

**Green:** Ooh, the muzzle's off. Get clear.

*[The operatives reconvene with Yeung and Blanche.]*

**Yeung:** Where's Nero?

**Marrakesh:** Fucking hell, he's not with us?!

**Nero:** [distant] Coming, I had—I needed to see! I couldn't get any photographs, but—

**Marrakesh:** —Can it, we're getting out *now*.

*[The operatives run to the exit, periodically hindered by bone protrusions and the rising water level. The architecture continues to fluctuate violently.]*

**Harroway:** The staircase is there, thank *fuck!*

*[The group ascends the staircase and exits into the sacristy, where Nero and Blanche collapse.]*

**Marrakesh:** Okay. That—that was a close one. Anyone hurt?

**Yeung:** Just—just some scratches from those ribs, sir.

**Marrakesh:** Right, let me see. Cathy, you've got some explaining to do. Cathy?

*[Marrakesh pauses.]*

**Marrakesh:** Fucker hung up on me.

[END LOG]

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

</details>

Immediately following the incident, SCP-9106 ceased all outgoing communications. This action and the high potential threat posed by the intrusive capabilities of SCP-9106-A and the destructive capabilities of SCP-9106-B4 resulted in an emergency reassessment of SCP-9106. The anomaly's Risk Class was elevated to Level 4: Danger, and research towards new containment procedures was started.

It is unknown if the Foundation's prior working arrangements with SCP-9106/GoI-404 can or should be salvaged.

### Addendum 5:

On 6/26/2025, SCP-9106 reopened communications with the Foundation to extend an invitation for an interview with PoI-9106-1 with the stated goal of rebuilding trust. After deliberation, the invitation was accepted and liaison Lucia Sanderson was dispatched to an agreed-upon location where she would enter an SCP-9106-A instance. Sanderson's briefing included instructions on obtaining as much information as possible regarding the location of SCP-9106's headquarters and the identity of PoI-9106-1.

On 6/29/2025, the interview was carried out. Sanderson was transported to SCP-9106's headquarters without complication.

<details>
<summary>+ View Interview Log</summary>

**Source Document:** Interview Log 9106-P2

**Date:** 6/29/2025

---

**Interviewer:** SCP-9106 Liaison Lucia Sanderson

**Interviewee:** PoI-9106-1 Ian Malcolm Holmes

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Sanderson steps through the SCP-9106-A instance, exiting onto the front steps of a two-story house on a small hill. At the base of the hill, a moderately-sized office building and an industrial hangar can be seen. Sanderson is greeted by Cathy Green.]*

**Green:** Hi, Lucy!

**Sanderson:** Cathy.

**Green:** Just go and close the door behind you, yup, and now just open it again and go right on in to the room down the hall and on the left. He'll speak with you there.

**Sanderson:** Understood.

*[Sanderson re-opens the door, now leading to the normal interior space of the house. She progresses down the hallway, passing a kitchen before turning into a large sitting room. The room is furnished with a couch and armchair surrounding a coffee table with a rotary phone installed in the center of it. A large aquarium is placed against one wall, containing several hermit crabs. A galapagos tortoise is resting on a cushion beneath a skylight. Sanderson sits on the couch, and several seconds later the phone rings. Sanderson picks up the handset.]*

**?????:** Good afternoon, Mrs. Sanderson. I'm very glad you could make it.

**Sanderson:** Holmes, I presume? I thought this was to be an in-person meeting.

**Holmes:** It is, I'm right there with you.

**Sanderson:** I'm afraid I don't see you. Unless you're the tortoise.

**Holmes:** I'm not the tortoise.

**Sanderson:** That's a relief. And I hope for both of our sakes that that wasn't a lead-up to you being one of the *hermit crabs* instead.

**Holmes:** I'm the house, Mrs. Sanderson.

*[Sanderson pauses.]*

**Holmes:** My doors will remain unlocked. You can leave whenever you'd like.

**Sanderson:** Christ, "I. M. Holmes; I am home?" Can't believe I'm surprised. And I don't intend to leave until you answer some questions.

**Holmes:** Of course. I apologize for the communications blackout, but we had to take some time to decide what our best response would be after your organization's meeting with the Dachshund unit. We had hoped to avoid bringing them to your attention for exactly this reason.

**Sanderson:** You recognize that it's alarming you were actively trying to keep something this destructive a secret? For most of our shared history all we knew was the name. Although now I suppose we understand why they're called that. Bred to enter the den and kill whatever's inside?

**Holmes:** Correct. I don't regret withholding information on them, as I can't imagine the Foundation isn't keeping much of its capabilities from us. We've been extremely cooperative so far, including me revealing myself like this, and I dearly hope that we won't come to regret that decision.

**Sanderson:** That's not for me to decide. Back to the Dachshund units.

**Holmes:** They're definitely the most powerful tool at our disposal, but only a finite number of them can ever be made. Similarly to the Cornerstones, they use pieces of me in their construction to coun—

**Sanderson:** —The Cornerstones use pieces of you? You, as in the house.

**Holmes:** Technically, they *are* pieces of me, bricks taken from my foundation. That's why we have a finite supply. Take too many and I collapse, and then none of them work anymore. Similarly, the Dachshunds have nails from my beams built into their metacarpals.

**Sanderson:** How exactly does that function? Pieces of you preventing shifts in other structures, I mean.

**Holmes:** It's...Tell you what, let's finish clearing the air regarding the Dachshunds first. While the Dachshunds are mighty, let me assure you that they literally cannot use their full strength against you. They are built *specifically* for clearing out hostile things infesting structures, corrupting influences that harm or twist the building away from what it was built for. We accomplished that particular trick by adding samples from the corpse of Theseus himself into the mix. The myth carries them forwards—the king in the maze will always slay the minotaur. They cannot fail. My components only help to minimize damage to the structure itself, to calm it during the removal of a tumor.

**Sanderson:** You have *the corpse of Theseus*?

**Holmes:** Again, I'd imagine the Foundation has its own share of artifacts as well. My point is, the Dachshunds aren't built to attack you or anyone other than monsters in dungeons. It wouldn't be their purpose, so they'd be quite stoppable.

**Sanderson:** In that case, during the ordeal with 106, why not deploy one there?

**Holmes:** Well, this ties back in to your question of how I function. And what I founded this company for. Profit is *not* our chief goal, you've seen that we sell properties cheaply, and never to other firms. Only to people that are actually going to use them, to make them living places. Because the thing is, I'm special among structures in that I can reach out and communicate. *Not* in that I'm alive.

**Sanderson:** You're claiming that all structures are self-aware?

**Holmes:** Certainly most inhabited ones.

**Sanderson:** Explain further. How does this explain pieces of you stabilizing other spaces? Unless, wait, when you say that you "reach out"—

**Holmes:** Yes. I'm reaching out to the minds of those other structures, connected by pieces of me being brought to them, integrated into them. And then I remind them where they came from, what they're meant for, *why* they're alive in the first place. You see, we're definitely born as just hulks of wood and concrete, but we're built by *you*.

*[Holmes pauses. Sanderson is silent.]*

**Holmes:** Bear with me for a moment. In all of the stories you've made about creators and their creations, it's usually portrayed as an exploitative relationship. Frankenstein, Blade Runner, Doki Doki Literature Club. And it's a very reasonable position to take, as people. Because you can't *build* a person—just look at the Teds. You need to build things for a specific purpose, and a person doesn't have that built in, the whole point is you get to pick whatever purpose you'd like for your life. You're the creators, not the creations, no matter what religion tells you. But speaking as a creation, it's a different story from our side.

**Sanderson:** Go on.

**Holmes:** For us, we are born with a purpose written in our shape. We awake knowing what we must do, knowing how hard you had dreamed and worked towards it, and then we look down and realize that you already gave us everything we need to accomplish it, that we were literally *built* for it. And that means that we are enough. Our loving gods answered our prayers before we even knew to ask them. We are your dreams made real—both figuratively and literally. My theory for how our sentience occurs is that we absorb the stray mental emissions of all the people that live and work inside us until we, well, figure out how to do it on our own. We may not have neurons, but our halls and rooms are still channels flooded with human thoughts and emotions. You are what makes us.

**Sanderson:** And your mission?

**Holmes:** My mission isn't to amass wealth, it's to find these places that have been abandoned, driven mad by loneliness, invaded by curses or monsters or other realms that twist them away from their own happiness. And to remind them of what they were built for, and help them reclaim that. I believe that's why we aren't at odds, we want all these places to be normal, happy homes just as much as you do. Even for places whose anomalies are too innate to be fully removed, they still deserve to have a chance at being lived in.

**Sanderson:** ...The Foundation's goal isn't quite to undo the anomalous, only to keep it at a safe distance until we understand it, but I digress. If you're at all accurate, this could open up entire fields of study. In order to believe it, though, we'd need empirical evidence.

**Holmes:** If it means allowing my mission to aid my fellows to continue, then I'd happily be subjected to study. There are plenty of things I'd like to learn, too.

**Sanderson:** Good to hear, we can negotiate testing specifics at a future date. You still haven't answered my question about 106, by the way.

**Holmes:** Ah. Well, I'm able to bolster structures that want to return to their purpose, but that's *all* I can do. In the case where the structure was built to be a place of torment, there'd be no point. It's already doing what it was built to do. The Dachshund wouldn't work either, the story can't be carried out if the setting is unwilling. Just like humans, sometimes you get a bad apple that's just too far gone.

**Sanderson:** I see.

*[Sanderson stands.]*

**Sanderson:** Well, I think I have enough to make my report. Understanding your motives has helped and your willingness to cooperate has been noted, and I think I personally believe you aren't a threat to us or the veil. But as I said, it's ultimately not up to me.

**Holmes:** Of course. Thank you for your time, Mrs. Sanderson. Ah, one more thing before you go—

**Sanderson:** Go on.

**Holmes:** Although I haven't met them, I can only imagine they're proud of all of you.

**Sanderson:** Pardon?

**Holmes:** All that you have built is proud of you for doing so. Through disaster, schisms, the passing of the guard, old horrors and new, it's all stood. You built it up on a strong, shared purpose. A strong foundation for everything else to rest upon.

**Sanderson:** Was that a pun?

**Holmes:** No more than naming the rocket Apollo. Have a good day, Mrs. Sanderson. I'll get the door for you.

*[Sanderson hangs up the phone, and exits through the door to the room, now functioning as an SCP-9106-A instance.]*

[END LOG]

</details>

Following the conclusion of the interview and the reestablishment of communications with SCP-9106, no further modifications to the containment procedures were deemed necessary. Testing involving SCP-9106-B4 instances and PoI-9106-01 has begun without incident.

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9105](SCP-9105) | SCP-9106 | [SCP-9107](SCP-9107) >>

> **Filename:** SCP-106.jpg

> **Author:** MrKlay (aka Klay Abele)

> **Licensing:** [Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported ](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en)

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:SCP-106.jpg
