**Item #:** SCP-9750

**Object class:** Safe

**Secure Containment Procedures:** SCP-9750 is currently contained in a standard storage cell within SITE-17. Readings of SCP-9750 are mandatory to all Foundation personnel in SITE-17, and are to be conducted in solitude alongside neurological monitoring for further research.

**Description:** SCP-9750 resembles a damaged sheet of parchment, approximately 30cm long and 16cm wide. Analysis of the stains present suggest that SCP-9750 was artificially stained, thought the chemicals used could not be identified.

While pictures taken of SCP-9750 display it to be blank, anyone who views SCP-9750 will perceive it to have writing. The quantity, form and language of the writing perceived vary significantly between subjects. However, subjects exposed are consistently unable to relay any meaning from the writing, describing it as unintelligible.

Reading SCP-9750 has proven to moderately enhance cognitive ability, and readings are currently on trial in SITE-17. To guarantee its continued safety, it is required that personnel are only to read SCP-9750 while under direct neurological observation.

**Discovery:** SCP-9750 was discovered following a temporal shift in SITE-300, which resulted in the creation of multiple other anomalous artifacts. The origin of SCP-9750 is currently unknown.

****The following is a transcription of SCP-9750, as perceived by the viewer:****

I still remember when it happened. I remember the biting cold, the harrowing wind, the night staring back at us. The trees that looked down on us, the warm cackling of the fire.

To tell the truth, I found it comforting. There was nothing to hear other than each other. Nothing to feel other than the warm radiance of the fire, and the singe of the newly falling ash. And the sound of running and the cries, and the taste of blood.

You see, there was always still an unknown. For as much as I drew strength from my companions, I could never bring myself to truly trust them.

For a long time, I saw this as a curse. The price you pay for safety. But you see, now I understand. It is no price at all.

I know it was you.

And now we all do. Goodbye, old friend. You will be joining us soon enough.

**Addendum 01:** A sudden influx in disappearances has been noted within SITE-17. Personnel are to be assured that these disappearances have no relation to SCP-9750. Readings of SCP-9750 will continue as previously mentioned.

<< [SCP-9749](SCP-9749) | SCP-9750 | [SCP-9751](SCP-9751) >>

> **Filename:** Worn_parchment.jpeg

> **Name:** Washingon Haggadah 31.jpg

> **Author:** AndreJustAndre

> **License:** Public domain

> **Source Link:***https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Washingon_Haggadah_31.jpg
