=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9533

**Object Class:** Zeno

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9533 is to remain undisturbed in its place of origin, with all above-ground openings sealed off. The land on top of this place has been incorporated into Sampson State Park and cordoned off, and is to be monitored by small vehicle patrols, one at 09:00 and one at 15:00. Trespassers are to be dealt with based on the threat they pose. The water surrounding SCP-9533 is to be treated heavily with a glutaraldehyde-based solution to discourage the presence of any other lifeforms, and cycled out periodically through the lake drainage system.

As needed or ordered, divers are to descend into SCP-9533 to shear off samples, entering through the large aperture on the belly into the ventral cavity and following the internally attached fluorescent markers. Diving missions should be scheduled at times when lake activity is very low. Samples of SCP-9533’s organic yield (hereafter referred to as “meat”) are to be cured with appropriate waxes, epoxies, and salts by Hazardous Materials Specialists.

SCP-9533-beta is to remain in its water-filled container in Site-19.

**Description:** Discovered in March of 2002, at rest in a large flooded cavern beside the eastern edge of Seneca Lake. Massive groupings of bacteria, worms, crabs, shrimp, bony fish, amphipods, bivalves, and innumerable other aquatic organisms were present, feeding on SCP-9533 at discovery, the majority of which were not native to the Finger Lakes. It is believed that these colonies had sustained themselves for quite some time solely by feeding on SCP-9533.  Removed from the cavern’s pool to preserve SCP-9533.

SCP-9533 is a gargantuan, necrotized, pseudo-cetacean organism, measuring 113.8 feet from rostrum to tail. It has not yet been confidently dated, but bears resemblance to both living marine mammals and extinct basilosaurids. Its position suggests that it is (or was) lying on its left side. As yet, it has exhibited no signs of consciousness or life. SCP-9533 bleeds continuously, though it is so saturated with water that this causes negligible contamination.

SCP-9533’s meat is dispersed around its body, notably concentrated in the thoracic-caudal region Analogous to the internal space in humans between the diaphragm and the rectum.  (14%) and the lesser arms (9.9%). It has exhibited no significant atypicalities in composition compared to the flesh of rorquals. Baleen whales in the family Baelenopteridae. 

When any form of sonar signal Almost always originates from the NUWC Seneca Lake Sonar Test Facility, which is directly across the lake from SCP-9533’s location.  travels through SCP-9533’s resting place, SCP-9533 exhibits an atypical set of behaviors. The actual SCP-9533 object itself, in response to sonar signals, emits a loud vocalization (“moan”) through unknown means. This moan has been observed ranging from 156-181 dB, and typically downsweeps from 42 ± 9.8 Hz to 18 ± 1.1 Hz over a 4-10 second period.

Meanwhile, any samples of SCP-9533’s meat will undergo rapid changes during the same timeframe as the moan: as its nitrogen content increases, its exterior will show pale, reticulated patterns, and its internal fluids will rapidly begin to evaporate. Any muscle tissues will stiffen and fray, leaving the sample pitted, dry, and blanched by the end. These changes are permanent and seem to only affect meat that has been purposefully removed from the whole of SCP-9533.

SCP-9533-beta was discovered during the excavation of SCP-9533’s abdomen. It constitutes eight albino, vesiculiform (cyst-like) ova, each around 25 feet in circumference. One was dissected, revealing an ambiguous larval entity. They do not respond to SCP-9533’s moans. However, during the process of initial containment, SCP-9533-beta exhibited brief swelling and darkening in response to water samples from the Gulf of St. Lawrence.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9532](SCP-9532) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9534](SCP-9534) >>
