=====

=====

**Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-9443 is to be held in a standard anomalous item locker in Site-210. Access to the item is prohibited with the exception of authorised testing. It is not to be brought outside Site-210 except in circumstances where to do so is the ideal way to maintain control of the item. 

**Description:** SCP-9443 is a small leatherbound diary belonging to the late Junior Researcher Althani. The diary contains no actual text written by Althani, instead being filled with names previously belonging to various members of the SCP Foundation and other notable GoIs. When an individual willingly writes their own name onto the pages of SCP-9443, in either English or Egyptian Arabic, their ownership of the name ceases, and they can no longer be referred to by or recognised from said name. The name can be regained, or transferred onto another individual, by crossing through, erasing, or otherwise marking it in a manner that renders it illegible or discounted.

SCP-9443 was recovered following a failed reconnaissance mission into a now neutralised non-Euclidean location associated with "the fae folk"Reference "Faerie Cultures and Nations" by Dr. Theo Tesser for a fuller understanding. It is available in most site libraries., on 28/05/2024. The expedition team consisted of half of MTF Zeta-11 "Squatter Squad", accompanied by Junior Researcher Althani, who became the sole casualty. It is currently believed that the death of Althani and the interference of an unknown member of the fae species have caused the anomalous attributes associated with SCP-9443, as several of their ~~former friends~~ co-workers recognised the diary as Althani's upon its recovery, despite it being newly bought. ~~They were so excited for their first mission.~~

**Addendum 9443-a:**

Test 1 - Control

Protocol

D-944301 is instructed to write their full government name in SCP-9443, and is then asked to read it out aloud. Dr. Colman observes.

Results

D-944301's government name disappeared from all known documents, and it was no longer recognisable as attributed to or related to D-944301. When asked to read it out, D-944301 displayed no recognition or reaction to their former name.

Further Notes

This could theoretically be used to help enforce conformity and reduce resistance within the broader D-class population, pending approval by the Ethics Committee.

Test 2 - Reattainment

Protocol

D-944301 is instructed to cross out the most recently written name in SCP-9443. Dr. Colman observes.

Results

D-944301's reobtained ownership of their previous government name, and the name written in SCP-9443 became illegible, and therefore inert.

Further Notes

It is reversible. Good.

Test 3 - Swap

Protocol

D-944301 is instructed to write their full government name in SCP-9443, and then cross out a name earlier on the list. Dr Colman observes.

Results

D-944301's government name disappeared from all known documents, and it was no longer recognisable as attributed to or related to D-944301. Instead, it is replaced by the name "Zayyan Althani". Upon recognising D-944301 by this name, Dr. Colman demanded them to reattempt the test, and choose a different name.

Further Notes

I still remember you, though. I won't let anybody take that name away from you. Never in a million years.

Test 4 - Identity

Protocol

D-944302Chosen due to a high level of genuine respect for and loyalty to the Foundation. is instructed to write their own name in SCP-9443, and then pass it to Jacob █████, a captured GOC agent. Mr. █████ is then instructed to write his name in SCP-9443, and cross out that of D-944302, before passing SCP-9443 back to D-944302, who would then cross out Mr. █████'s name. Observed by Dr. B.

Results

D-944302 was recognisable by the name, and identity, of Mr. █████, and vice versa.

Further Notes

Considering use of SCP-9443 for tactical infiltration of other GoIs.

Test 5 - Infiltration

Protocol

D-944302 is "returned" to the GOC as part of a treaty. They are covertly instructed to gather as much useful intel as possible, and then attempt to resign.

Results

D-944302 successfully infiltrated the GOC, discerning and relaying the locations of 5 uncontained anomalies previously unknown to the Foundation. However, upon their attempt to resign being denied, they tried to run from the GOC base, and were killed.

Further Notes

A success, overall. Trained agents can use this much more effectively.

**Addendum 9443-b:**

> Hello. It's me, Dr Michael Colman.

> I would like to start by saying that I fully expect this part to be cleansed as soon as someone reads through the full file. That's why it's down here at the bottom.

> God, I still don't know what to say. How long has it been? It feels like I've rewritten this part thousands of times already, because I want to make sure it's perfect. Genuine, but well-worded, in the way you did so easily. I'll never understand how. I'll never get to.

> I think I'd like to apologise. I wasn't there for you. I'll never understand what you were going through. I wish I could have known, even a little bit, about what you planned to do there, the one place you'd never be found.

> Sometimes I mull over the last hours before you left. You seemed so happy, for your first ever field mission. I'd be lying, though, if I said I didn't notice that dullness behind your eyes. I knew something seemed off, but I brushed it aside because I wanted to be there for you.

> I was so stupid. So fucking stupid.

> I miss you.

> That's why I'll hold onto your diary forever. I'll always stay here, in this place we shared together. But every time I walk these corridors, I see places where we once talked, where we once laughed. I see the tree we were sitting under when you kissed me for the first time. I see the table that we used to sit at, and you'd joke about feeding me. I see the desk that we sat at together for nights on end, to write our first full anomaly file.

> And, strangely, when I found out, I didn't cry. I still haven't. There's just an emptiness instead, this hanging feeling in my gut telling me I should be crying, I should be grieving, I should not be able to come into work, sit down next to your empty desk, and get on with my life.

> You weren't the first person I lost. But you were the first one I loved.

> I'm sorry I didn't stop you.

> I'm sorry I wasn't there to save you.

> I'm sorry, Zayyan. I wasn't good enough.

> And I can't change that now.

> Do you forgive me?

<< [SCP-9442](SCP-9442) | SCP-9443 | [SCP-9444](SCP-9444) >>
