**Item #:** SCP-9158

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-9158's domain remains difficult for average internet users to connect to without modified versions of the Tor browser, along with the deficit of demonstrable anomalous effects or attributes outwardly displayed by the website, SCP-9158 is able to be reliably framed by Foundation media regulators as an urban legend or alternate reality game (ARG). Screenshots of SCP-9158-2 may also be passed off in the same way. Where necessary, material relating to SCP-9158 may be selectively deleted by Foundation webcrawlers. 

**Description:** SCP-9158 is an English-language livestreaming platform and anonymous imageboard website hosted on the domain www.████████.net. The site hosts a small number of boards dedicated to topics surrounding health, medicine, science, and chemistry, with a primary focus of its users (designated SCP-9158-1) being neuroscience. SCP-9158-1 are uniformly anonymous posters with no concrete pointers as to their identities; on average, SCP-9158-1 type using American spelling and grammatical conventions, and occasionally reference the politics of the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia. 

SCP-9158-1 display highly advanced education in the fields of chemistry and neuroscience. They are distinguished from the minority of non-anomalous users by consistent posting patterns and contributions to discussions pertaining to human autopsy, medicine, chemical synthesis, patient care, hallucinogenics, and psychological conditioning and stimulation methods. 

SCP-9158 as a social media platform centers around a single continuous broadcast designated SCP-9158-2. SCP-9158-2 consists of a single camera pointed down at what appears to be a metal autopsy or morgue table, upon which is a complete human nervous system (SCP-9158-2a) laying in a supine position. SCP-9158-2a displays an abnormal level of surgical skill when considering its preserved complexity; its owner is attributed to an individual called "Lisa" by SCP-9158-1. 

Periodically, gloved arms belonging to unidentified individuals from off-screen (SCP-9158-2b) will enter the shot, often bearing medical tools and syringes filled with liquid. SCP-9158-2b will conduct nonsensical medical procedures on SCP-9158-2a, often stroking and massaging its brain and nerves with medical tools, and injecting the brain with liquid from syringes. SCP-9158-2b have also been observed to stroke and tickle SCP-9158-2a with their gloved hands. The audible voices of SCP-9158-2b, conducted in a high falsetto, can be heard addressing SCP-9158-2a as if it were a pet or child. 

Discussions on SCP-9158 overwhelmingly pertain to SCP-9158-2 and SCP-9158-2a, with SCP-9158-1 brainstorming various methods of "stimming", or stimulating, SCP-9158-2a. From these discussions, it can be gleaned that the liquids which SCP-9158-2b inject into SCP-9158-2a are likely various hallucinogens, including amphetamines, diphenhydramine, scopolamine, and hyoscyamine. Listed dosages are often extremely high, enough to cause acute psychological effects in injectees. SCP-9158-1 regard SCP-9158-2a as if it were alive; this remains difficult to independently verify. The purpose of these practices are universally referred to as a "reward" for SCP-9158-2a. 

Select discussions on the "/pd/" board represent an outlier in topics discussed on SCP-9158. This board is sparsely populated, and posts there are rare. Discussions on /pd/ largely center around the police investigation of Helen Ford, a Canadian woman who was declared missing in 2001 after returning to her Toronto apartment. SCP-9158-1 regard the Canadian police and Ford's family antagonistically. On SCP-9158-2, SCP-9158-2b will occasionally relay the fruitless results of the search to SCP-9158-2a.

<< [SCP-9157](SCP-9157) | SCP-9158 | [SCP-9159](SCP-9159) >>
