@import url("https://cdn.scpwiki.com/theme/en/black-highlighter/css/min/normalize.min.css");

@import url("https://cdn.scpwiki.com/theme/en/black-highlighter/css/min/black-highlighter.min.css");

a[rel="license"]::after {

    content: ".";

}

:root {

    --gradient-header: linear-gradient(to top, rgb(20, 6, 69) 0%, rgb(27, 8, 94) 50%, rgb(33, 9, 117) 100%);

    ~~logo-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-9250/MusaphysicalLogo);

    --white-monochrome: 252, 252, 252;

    --pale-gray-monochrome: 244, 244, 244;

    --light-pale-gray-monochrome: 244, 244, 244;

    --very-light-gray-monochrome: 215, 215, 215;

    --light-gray-monochrome: 160, 160, 160;

    --gray-monochrome: 66, 66, 72;

    --dark-gray-monochrome: 48, 48, 52;

    --black-monochrome: 12, 12, 12;

    --pale-accent: 80, 20, 210;

    --bright-accent: 55, 0, 133;

    --medium-accent: 58, 44, 100;

    --dark-accent: 19, 3, 92;

    --alt-accent: 204, 17, 221;

}

#page-title { display: none }

.scp-image-block.block-right img {

    background: var(--gradient-header);

    box-sizing: border-box;

    padding: 1em;

}

.fonts-display {

    font-size: 1.25em;

}

.title-font {

    font-family: var(--title-font);

    font-weight: 700;

}

.header-font {

    font-family: var(--title-font);

    font-weight: 900;

}

.UI-font {

    font-family: var(--UI-font);

}

.mono-font {

    --MONO: 1;

    --CASL: 0;

    --CRSV: 0;

    font-family: var(--mono-font);

}

div#header h1 a span {

    font-size: 0px;

}

div#header h1 a:before {

    content: "Musophysical Department";

    color: #eee;

    

}

div#header h2 span {

    font-size:0px;

    padding: 4px;

}

div#header h2:after {

    content: "Listen for More";

    font-weight: bold;

    color: #ffffff;

    padding: 25px 0;

    text-shadow: 1px 1px 1px rgba(0, 0, 0, .8);

    white-space: pre;

    margin-left: 150px;

}

.scp-image-block.block-right img {

    padding: 0px;

}

.email {

    border: solid 2px #000000;

    width: 88%;

    padding: 1px 15px;

    margin: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, .5);

    background-color: white;

}

.tofrom {

    margin-left: 10px;

    margin-top: 5px;

    padding: 1px 15px;

    border-left: solid 3px maroon

}

.likebutton {

    padding: 0.1em 0.5em;

    text-decoration: none;

    font-size: 1.3em;

    background-color: #F4F4F4;

    border: 1px solid #AAA;

    color: #000;

}

.likebutton:hover {

    background-color: #DDD;

    color: #000;

    border: 1px solid #0098b3;

}

@media (max-width: 500px) {

div#header h1 a:before {

    content: "Musophysical Department";

    font-size: 18px;

    color: #eee;

}

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** The original sheet music for SCP-9250 has been locked in a safe at Site-109, only accessible by the Site's director. Under **no** circumstances is recreation of this arrangement permissible by any staff with access to this file, whether it be digital or live performance. The Director of Site-109 has the sole capacity of designating when the piece may be played.

When performing the symphony, all musicians are required to wear specially-designed headphones, connected to their particular instrument, to avoid feeling any residual effects of SCP-9250. These devices will cancel out all noise but that instrument, as well as keep a regular tempo to ensure synchrony between all players.

Propagation of the information in this file by *any* level of administration is cause for immediate expulsion from the Foundation and total amnesticization of all relevant activities, for both the offender and any staff it was dilineated to.

**Description:** SCP-9250 is a musical composition, arranged and created by Dr. X. Flip, current Director of Site-109. The piece itself is orchestral in nature, and has been performed several separate times to great emotional effect in each of its subjects.

The music itself incudes grief-like symptoms in those who are exposed to it, taking the subject through each of the five known stages as the song journeys through its movements. Subjects are known to undergo erratic and swift mood swings, as well as experience an emotional connection to the music that causes them to vehemently protect the orchestra from anyone who threatens them as they continue to play the piece.

Effects are only witnessed in those who hear the song directly, in person, with a full orchestra. With a single instrument removed, a single note misplayed, the SCP ceases to have any effect on those listening.

It is currently unclear what distortion occurs when listening to the piece by electronic means to render the SCP futile, but Foundation staff has determined any subsequent recording ineffective at rendering significant emotional impact. Thus, it has been included in this article for administrative access only. However, any distribution of the piece is discouraged, in case any listener is able to arrange the components necessary to trigger the symptoms of SCP-9250 for themselves.

**Addendum 9250.A: *Recording of SCP-9250***

**Addendum 9250.B: *Exit Interview***

= **Interview Log 1.03.23**

**Interviewer:** Dr. X. Flip

**Interviewed:** Dr. Eliza Novosad

**Foreword:** The following interview was conducted after Dr. X. Flip decided to place Dr. Eliza Novosad on indefinite medical leave due to significant decline in work ethic and efficiency, as a result of the incident that occurred on January 14th, 2023. The following is a transcript of the entire interview, captured on surveillance cameras.

---

(Dr. Eliza Novosad sits in an empty chamber, staring at the floor with a hollowed-out expression. Dr. X. Flip enters the chamber, accompanied by Agent Ramone Aiza, armed with a standard-issue Foundation pistol, in case of any physical altercations. Calmly, Dr. Flip motions for Agent Aiza to say back by the door, as he walks toward the folding chair opposite Dr. Novosad and sits down. Before speaking, he takes a deep breath.)

**Dr. X. Flip:** Hello, Eliza.

(Dr. Novosad simply stares back, not responding verbally.)

**Dr. Flip:** I'm sorry that it's...come to this. But it has been several months now, and- ...Honestly, I- I just think you could benefit from a break.

(Silence.)

**Dr. Flip:** I know this is likely distressing for you...Can I offer you anything? Water? A- A sandwich?

(Dr. Novosad shakes her head. Slowly, she raises it to meet his eyeline.)

**Dr. Novosad:** Could- Could I go back into the chamber? Before you send me home?

**Dr. Flip:** I don't think that's a great idea-

**Dr. Novosad:** -But there's likely more we can do! To- to- to reverse...whatever happened to him! I'm *sure* that he's still there.

**Dr. Flip:** Eliza...he's gone.

**Dr. Novosad:** No...No! I don't think he is! Because- There's- I mean, this thing doesn't even conform to what- what we understand. He could just be *in there!* Waiting for **us** to come and get him!

**Dr. Flip:** We already told you: there's no signs of life within the anomaly whatsoever. And anything we could try, it'd just- (Sigh) It'd just put more people in danger. You don't want that, right?

**Dr. Novosad:** I still can't believe you're all giving up on him like this. After he practically *ran* this place with you for decades-

**Dr. Flip:** -There's always a time where you have to accept reality, Eliza. We can't keep spending all our time, our resources just for-

**Dr. Novosad:** -Then let **me!** You don't even have to pay me anymore! Just let me come in and keep analyzing that thing! If I can just...keep at this, I *swear* I'll eventually find Scott.

(A short pause.)

**Dr. Flip:** I can't allow that. I'm truly- I'm so sorry, Eliza. I don't want you gone...far from it, but this is for your own good. It's time to go home-

**Dr. Novosad:** -No! No, please...I don't want to- I can't go there right now. That house, it- Just, let me in the chamber again, *please*. I- If you want to help me.

**Dr. Flip:** I know that this is extraordinarily difficult, but you have to realize-

**Dr. Novosad:** -Don't. Don't tell me what I should be feeling. This is **your fault** in the first place.

(Dr. Flip winces at the remark.)

**Dr. Flip:** Eliza, please don't-

**Dr. Novosad:** I *told* you not to go through with it. I came to you because I trusted you to see reason, because I thought you could understand how **terrified** I was of this thing, and how much danger it put us all in-

**Dr. Flip:** -I did understand! I just- I thought that we could...we could do some good by moving ahead with-

**Dr. Novosad:** -I **don't** want to hear it anymore. Seriously. Save it. You want to put me on leave, fine. Keep me away from *my husband*, fine. But I hope you realize what you're doing here. I hope, from the bottom of my heart, that you live with your choices for **eternity**.

(Dr. Flip looks down at his feet. A short pause.)

**Dr. Flip:** ...If I could go back and reverse it, I would. You *know* I cared for Scott. You *know* I care for you.

(He looks up at her once again.)

**Dr. Flip:** This place, it's- it's my entire world. And you all are my family. You know I would never intentionally harm any of you. I never wanted any of this. So, I'm asking you: *please* don't blame me for it.

**Dr. Novosad:** Intention doesn't matter. Just action. And what you've done...broke any faith between us.

(A long pause. Dr. Flip sits in disbelief.)

**Dr. Novosad:** If you want me gone, escort me out already.

**Addendum 9250.C: *Apposite Trials***

***Incident Log from February 2nd, 2024***

= **Incident Log**

---

*Cause of Incident:* During the first live performance of the piece for D-Class #20415 to experiment with the effects of the current draft, a cellist misplayed a single note during the second movement. Immediately, #20415 became agitated, berating the individual musician heavily and developing an intense rage during the subsequent exchange between the two.

*Description of Incident:* D-Class #20415 physically abused a member of the orchestra, repeatedly bashing their head into the ground until agents were able to restrain them. #20415 continuously screamed, "This is your fault", as they attacked the performer.

The musician sustained permanent damage to the cerebral cortex, and currently rests in a coma at Site-109 indefinitely.

*Recommended Solution:* D-Class #20415 shall be administered a Class B amnestic, and will be monitored for further psychological difficulty. Rehearsal until absolute perfection will be required in any further experiments with SCP-9250, and the orchestra will now perform behind a plexiglass shield.

**Update 4/2/2024:** Subject still has not recovered from the intense rage, flying into hysteria each time their anesthetic wears off.

***Interview with D-Class Personnel #21113 on June 13th, 2024***

= **Interview Log 5.06.24**

**Interviewer:** Dr. X. Flip

**Interviewed:** D-Class Personnel #211113

**Foreword:** #211113 was allowed to listen to four movements of the song, before all musicians were abruptly instructed to stop. While they expressed frustration at the interruption, they did not become aggressive in nature. Dr. X. Flip was immediately brought in to conduct an evaluation of their mental state.

---

(Dr. X. Flip enters the containment chamber, the door closing behind him.)

**Dr. X. Flip:** Hello. I'm Dr. Flip. How are you feeling today?

**D-Class #211113:** I'm...That's kind of a hard question to answer.

**Dr. Flip:** Oh? I heard that just last week you were crowing in your chamber about being able to "handle anything". How you had "never stepped back from a challenge"

(No response.)

**Dr. Flip:** What changed your mind?

**#211113:** I'm...not sure. But all that stuff, I- I can't *believe*-

(#211113 places their head in their hands.)

**#211113:** Holy shit, I- I'm a fucking **monster**.

(Tears begin to well up in their eyes.)

**#211113:** I don't even deserve to-

(They pound their fist on the side of their head, repeatedly.)

**#211113:** (Through gritted teeth) *Goddamn...*

**Dr. Flip:** You seem to be very contemplative now.

**#211113:** It's...disgusting. *I'm* disgusting. I can't- This isn't how it was supposed to be.

**Dr. Flip:** And how was it supposed to be?

**#211113:** They...They were the problem. I *knew* that it was their fault!

**Dr. Flip:** Sir, I need you to answer my questions. What is different?

**#211113:** I can't- (Sigh) It's that stupid **song**. I can still hear it, too.

**Dr. Flip:** What about the song?

**#211113:** Please, I don't- I don't want to talk about this anymore-

**Dr. Flip:** -What was it about the song? Answer me or you're not leaving.

**#211113:** There has to be *more*-

**Dr. Flip:** -Focus. I have something that could help you. You want it? You answer my questions.

**#211113:** Okay! Okay...

(#211113 takes a deep breath.)

**#211113:** Um- I never- I never really thought about...everything that happened with Mara. Because I always- Well, I always assumed that was my only option. And, for a little bit after the...band started, I was- I was still so sure I was right. But, I don't know, there was something that- that changed partway through, and as soon as it happened, I just couldn't shake this- this...**hate**.

**Dr. Flip:** Hate? Towards anyone in particular, or...

**#211113:** It was- It was **everything**. The world for doing this to me, Mara for provoking me...*Me.* For being a fucking idiot. For ruining *every chance to be good* that I ever had. God, I just fucking destroy **everything I touch**.

**Dr. Flip:** And how long did that feeling last?

**#211113:** "Last"? I don't- I'm not sure it ever ended, really. I can still- I can still feel that hatred just *burning* inside me. It- It **hurts**.

**Dr. Flip:** Hmph.

(Dr. Flip makes a note in his clipboard.)

**Dr. Flip:** But after this feeling appeared, did anything *else* of note occur?

(A short pause.)

**#211113:** Well, I-  A few minutes later, this **anger**, *every single bit of it*, turned around on me. **Only** me. Why was *I* here? What kind of fucked up world is that? How could I give my life to bring them back? How could I- How could I do *anything* to make up for this?  I mean, my life is- is *meaningless*, at this point. What even- What am I even **doing** here? How can I keep- keep living?

**Dr. Flip:** And you still feel this way?

**#211113:** Y- I mean, yeah. I think so. Those thoughts, they're...around. But mostly now, I just...

**Dr. Flip:** Just what?

**#211113:** I just can't fucking bear to be here anymore. It doesn't even matter if- if it's my fault. I just can't be here.

(Dr. Flip leans forward in his chair.)

**Dr. Flip:** Why do you think that is?

(#211113 begins to shake, appearing to try and prevent tears from flowing.)

**#211113:** I- I don't know. Please, just- You said you had something? To- to help me? Is there more? There- There has to be more...right? *Please*-

**Dr. Flip:** -Not until you tell me exactly what brought you to this conclusion. What happened? *What did you do?*

**#211113:** I get it, alright?! I'm fucking awful! I'm a terrible person, are you happy?!

(Dr. Flip simply stares back.)

**#211113:** Now, please...*please*, just- just give me whatever you have. I- I can't keep going like this, I told you, it- It's **painful**.

(Dr. Flip stands up.)

**Dr. Flip:** I apologize for that. Rest assured: you will get closure. Though, I'm not positive it'll be what you're expecting. Good luck.

(#211113 watches as Dr. Flip exits the room.)

---

**Afterword:**Subject exhibited severe depressive symptoms, suggesting a positive result for SCP-9250's effectiveness on the human psyche. D-Class #211113 was allowed to take in the rest of the piece, resulting in a more calm demeanor after the fact, but still expressed intense feelings of self-loathing and resentment towards themself.

***Interview with D-Class Personnel #21749 on August 18th, 2024***

= **Interview Log 8.08.24**

**Interviewer:** Dr. X. Flip

**Interviewed:** D-Class Personnel #21749

**Foreword:** D-Class Personnel #21749 was specifically selected based on their lack of experience with personal loss to explore how the musical composition affects those not currently undergoing mourning.

---

(D-Class Personnel #21749 lays in their bed, staring up at the ceiling. Their foot taps the air rapidly, as their eyes dart around the room. As the door opens, they jerk up into a sitting position, facing Dr. X. Flip as he enters.)

**Dr. X. Flip:** Hello, #21749. How are we feeling today?

**D-Class #21749:** What- What did you take from me?

(Dr. Flip shoots back a look of confusion, as he takes a seat in front of them.)

**Dr. Flip:** What do you mean? Did someone remove something from your room?

**#21749:** No, you- you *took* something! I don't know what it is, but that song- It just...

(#21749 trails off.)

**Dr. Flip:** *ahem* Excuse me?

**#21749:** I'm sorry?

**Dr. Flip:** You were saying something about the song?

**#21749:** Oh, I...I'm sorry, it's hard to keep my head straight. I feel like there's a *million* thoughts running through my brain right now, and- I just **know** it has something to do with what you took from me!

**Dr. Flip:** How could I have possibly taken anything from you?

**#21749:** Oh, don't- don't do that! Don't play innocent! We all see what you do around here, and we understand more about it than you think we do. I know that you could do *something* to me that would- would make me feel like this- could take away something I needed! You *have* to tell me what it is!

**Dr. Flip:** Listen: I can help you, but you need to trust me: I did not "take" *anything* from you, alright? You are the same person you were before. Nothing is gone. *But*, I suppose the piece had quite the effect on you, considering your demeanor.

**#21749:** I can still hear it. It's like a- a **ringing**. That goes away, right?

**Dr. Flip:** Well-

(A short pause.)

**Dr. Flip:** Yes. It will. Now, please: guide me through your experience when the piece began.

**#21749:** (Deep exhale) Well, um...not long after it, uh, started, I felt, like, this instinct telling me to get the hell out of that room before it could keep going. It felt like if I didn't get out of there, I- I would've *changed*, or something.

(Dr. Flip leans forward in his chair, intrigued.)

**Dr. Flip:** So that's why you began pounding on the door.

**#21749:** Y-yeah, and- and I just wanted to get out of there *so badly*, I guess I- I got furious at you. For...forcing me to listen. And so I just kept banging and banging, and hoped that I could drown out the noise, but it- it pierced through **everything**.

But, I still, I- I felt that I needed to- to go. And I thought that- maybe I could do something *else* for you, something...that would get me out there. *Anything.* I seriously thought that- that I would give anything to get the fuck out of there. But nothing did. And, when I realized that there was nothing I could do, I- ...I just gave up. I felt like pounding on that door *one more time* would've taken m-more energy than I even had anymore. This song, *you*, it felt like, had taken everything away from me. Everything that was inside of me, just...gone. And that was just *completely* terrifying and, just **exhausting**.

(Dr. Flip, glued to #21749's expression, stares in a mix of awe and trepidation.)

**Dr. Flip:** Wow, I- I had no idea.

**#21749:** But then...I don't know, it was weird. This, like, feeling of calm just rushed through me, and, I just...listened. Not before long, it was all over, and you called me in here.

(A short pause.)

**#21749:** So, listen, I- I understand. I do. I realize why I went through all of this, your role in all of it, what this maybe even could be for. And, you know what? I don't even- I don't even really blame you. I just *really* need to know...what you took, or it is going to drive me *insane*. Please. Please tell me.

**Dr. Flip:** I- I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, but you haven't lost anything. Seriously. I don't even- I don't even **know** you. This piece, it's- it's meant for people who *have*, but-

(#21749 simply stares back at him, tearing up. Dr. Flip abruptly stands up.)

**Dr. Flip:** You have to believe me, I'm so- I never intended for you to feel this way.

(Dr. Flip turns and begins walking toward the door.)

**#21749:** Isn't there anything? Anything you could do to- to help me?

**Dr. Flip:** We're uh, still actively exploring other methods to lessen the effects.

**#21749:** But, wait! -

(Dr. Flip exits the chamber, the door slamming shut and locking behind him.)

---

**Afterword:** SCP-9250 appears to have similar emotional effects during the piece on those who haven't experienced personal loss, but leads to extreme confusion once all movements have concluded. The subject seems to have accepted losing someone that did not exist, and cannot reconcile their emotions with objective reality.

**Addendum 9250.D: *Final Interview***

= **Interview Log 1.01.25**

**Interviewer:** Dr. X. Flip

**Interviewed:** Dr. Eliza Novosad

**Foreword:** After numerous requests to return to the Site, Dr. Novosad ultimately agreed to a final interview with Dr. X. Flip to assess any emotional progress since taking leave from the Foundation.

---

**Dr. X. Flip:** Hello again, E- Uh, Dr. Novosad. It's been a long time. I've um...We've missed you around here-

**Dr. Eliza Novosad:** Just take me through it. You said you had some way to "help me"? And I assume you were extremely vague on purpose to pique my curiosity...

(Dr. Flip smiles.)

**Dr. Flip:** You were always perceptive. But, I wanted to bring you here to talk about what happened a year ago.

**Dr. Novosad:** I thought you wanted me to "move past it".

**Dr. Flip:** Yeah, uh...I admit that my advice might have been lacking in experience. But I truly wish to help you, Eliza. I hope you can understand that.

(Dr. Novosad searches within Dr. Flip's eyes.)

**Dr. Novosad:** I don't know if I believe you.

**Dr. Flip:** (Sigh) I'm sorry to hear that. But I assure you that I have not stopped thinking about Scott since the **moment** we lost him-

**Dr. Novosad:** -No. Don't even *attempt* to equate my pain with yours. You have no idea. He wasn't *yours* to lose!

**Dr. Flip:** Okay...okay. I apologize. Poor choice of words. I only meant to express that I have worked tirelessly to understand what you might be experiencing. And I'd like to show you the results of my investigation. Can you allow me to do that?

(A short pause.)

**Dr. Novosad:** (Sigh) Yeah. Sure, go ahead.

**Dr. Flip:** Thank you, I- I can't tell you how much I appreciate this chance-

**Dr. Novosad:** -Let's just get on with it, shall we?

**Dr. Flip:** Of- of course. Before we begin, I'd like to assess your current emotional state.

(Dr. Flip takes a deep breath.)

**Dr. Flip:** Um...h- how have you been faring since Scott's disappearance? How often do you think about him, how present is he still in your mind- any information you could provide would be helpful.

**Dr. Novosad:** *ahem* Yeah, well- he hasn't left me. I can tell you that much.

**Dr. Flip:** Left you?

**Dr. Novosad:** Well, I mean- it's still just unbelievable to me that he's really...*nowhere*. It- It really doesn't make any sense to me, you know? I'll wake up in the morning, I'll turn my head...and just start speaking to him. Like he's still just lying there. And it- it takes me a couple seconds to realize what I'm doing and then- then I remember. It hits me like- uh...Like I'm getting the wind knocked out of me, you know? And then I just get furious at *you* all over again. Every single day.

**Dr. Flip:** I was afraid you'd say that.

**Dr. Novosad:** Hey, I don't *want* to be angry! But, it's just... -It's *your* fault! Most of this is happening because of what *you* decided.

**Dr. Flip:** I know. But this is how I make it up to you. All you need to do is sit in there and listen. I really think what we've done here can help you.

(Dr. Novosad's eyes dart back and forth between Dr. Flip and the door to the soundproof chamber where the orchestra waits, ready to play. A long break of silence.)

**Dr. Novosad:** (Sigh) Whatever, fine. If it'll get you off my back.

**Dr. Flip:** Fantastic! I promise you won't regret it.

(Dr. Flip nods toward Agent Ramone Aiza, who uses his keycard to unlock the chamber, opening the door to allow Dr. Novosad to enter. Once she walks in, the door shuts and latches behind her. Dr. Flip's voice crackles over the loudspeaker.)

**Dr. Flip:** Okay, Eliza, can you hear me?

**Dr. Novosad:** Yeah.

**Dr. Flip:** I'll be here the whole time. So don't worry.

**Dr. Novosad:** Mhm.

(Dr. Flip then pulls the lever to begin the virtual metronome, counting down to inform all musicians when to begin playing. The piano abruptly begins its opening.)

**Dr. Novosad:** What is this? You made me a- a song? How is- ...Oh. I see. This is all a part of your little passion project. It wasn't *really* for me.

(The piece continues, moving further into the first movement, as Dr. Novosad sits and listens, her arms crossed. After 35 seconds, her arms abruptly drop, as Dr. Novosad leans back in her chair, appearing uncomfortable.)

**Dr. Novosad:** Wai- I- No...No no nonono. This- This isn't happening again, I can't- No!  What is- This isn't- He's still here!

(Dr. Novosad begins hyperventiliating.)

**Dr. Flip:** Eliza, are you alright?

**Dr. Novosad:** No! This- Is he...here somewhere? Have you been *keeping* him from me this whole time?!

**Dr. Flip:** Who, Scott? No, Eliza, he's not here-

(Dr. Novosad jolts out of her seat.)

**Dr. Novosad:** -LIAR! You're all lying to me! How do I even know that he- that's what happened to him? I only heard it from *you*!

(Before Dr. Flip can answer on the radio, Agent Aiza grabs his hand, stopping him. The orchestra continues playing, unaware.)

**Dr. Novosad:** What the **fuck** is wrong with you people?! You're sick! You're *sick*!! You don't even deserve to be here! You're all- You're all murderers!

(Dr. Novosad winces, gripping her temples, as if in pain. There is no response on the loudspeaker. The orchestra continues playing as Dr. Novosad charges toward the door, banging her fist against it.)

**Dr. Novosad:** (Out of breath) You're **cowards**! Get in here! You won't even- You won't even face this yourselves! COWARDS!

(Dr. Novosad continues slamming against the door, until the symphony transitions into its third movement. Immediately, Dr. Novosad's knocking decreased in intensity, until the subject eventually gave in and decided to rest on the floor.)

**Dr. Novosad:** It's just not *fair*. You won't even admit any of it, and...

(A small pause.)

**Dr. Novosad:** You have him. I know you have him. And I am *going* to get him back. I will. But you just have to- to let me know what you even *want* from me.

(No answer.)

**Dr. Novosad:** I just want him back with me...*please*. I don't even- I don't even care, anymore. I'll- I'll work here the rest of my life, I will- I will do overtime. Just *please* give him back to me. *I'll do anything...*

(Another minute passes in silence, as the song transitions into its penultimate movement. Dr. Novosad still sits at the base of the entryway, her back against the tungsten door.)

**Dr. Novosad:** Why are you doing this to me? What's even- What are you even trying to figure out here?

(No response.)

**Dr. Novosad:** Right. Not giving me anything. I don't get *anything*. I never do. You're all keeping him from me, and there is **nothing** that I can do to stop you. And you just get to go on, testing and testing...doing whatever you need to make yourselves feel better, and I just have to- to sit here, taking it all. This is what I always get.

(Dr. Novosad once again recoils in pain, tears streaming down her face.)

**Dr. Novosad:** Agh, **fuck!** And this *hurts*! Physically aches. I can't- I can't fucking do this anymore. I *can't*...

(A short pause.)

**Dr. Novosad:** Scott...I'm so sorry. It's my fault too. For trusting them. For pursuing this, at all. It was *my* dream, and I know- I *know* you only followed along to make me happy and I'm sorry you ever felt like you needed to to make me happy. I- I swear I only need **you**.

(Dr. Novosad sobs into her hands. The symphony begins its transition into the final movement of the piece. Soon after, Dr. Novosad looks up from her hands, toward the orchestra.)

**Dr. Novosad:** No, you- ...He's gone, isn't he? I can't talk to him?

(A short pause.)

**Dr. Novosad:** (Sigh) There's just- There's so much more I really wanted to say to him. I th- thought I had said...what I felt enough, but he needed to hear it more. He needed to *understand better.*

(The movement continues.)

**Dr. Novosad:** But I guess I- I don't know, I guess I just have to- to k-keep going. Knowing *all* of that, and I'm just...I'm not sure I'm strong enough. I can't- This doesn't even feel **right**. It's all- It's all happening too fast, and I can't- This is so difficult to- to just *live with*...

(Dr. Novosad places her hands over her ears, attempting to block out the noise. The orchestra continues playing until the piece reaches its end. After its over, she slowly removes her hands from her ears, trembling in fear. The loudspeaker finally crackles back to life.)

**Dr. Flip:** Please back away from the door so we can enter.

(Dr. Novosad slowly stands up and walks with unease back to her seat. The chamber unlocks, as Agent Aiza escorts Dr. Flip into the room. Dr. Flip nods to the orchestra upon entering, signaling that they're permitted to exit the chamber. As they exit, Dr. Flip sits directly opposite Dr. Novosad, eyeing her worriedly.)

**Dr. Flip:** Hello, Doctor. How...are you feeling?  

(A short pause.)

**Dr. Novosad:** Sorry, what? I can't- God, my head is- is *killing* me.

**Dr. Flip:** I'm- I'm sorry, but besides that. Do you feel any sort of...relief?

**Dr. Novosad:** I can't- It's impossible to verbalize, but, I think I- I **do**. And I also can't bear to be here any longer, and I also can't fucking *stand* you, and I can't believe any of this at all is real. God, **fuck**, it's so confusing, it *hurts*...

**Dr. Flip:** Do you have a migraine, or-

**Dr. Novosad:** -No! It's- My brain feel just *cluttered*. I can't keep one thought in place long enough to actually process where it's coming from and- and it just leaves me feeling **completely** lost. Feels like...each side of brain is being twisted in separate directions at the same time. It's *unbearable*.

**Dr. Flip:** Just tell me how to fix it, then! There's got to be...Oh! I can- We just repeat the last movement. Guys! Come on! Pick it up from measure-

**Dr. Novosad:** NO! There's no- no concrete path through any of this! None of this is- is *logical*! You can't just fit this **horrific** experience into a neat little path, and- and- and force someone to walk down it on *your* timeframe! This takes...It takes *years*. I had done- I had gone through **so much** to get where I was, and you just f-forced me back into pain I haven't felt since...that same day. I thought I'd left all of this- Oh my god, it hurts *so* badly...

(A short pause.)

**Dr. Flip:** I must admit, I'm...shocked. I've been working so diligently on this, and I thought that it would help you-

**Dr. Novosad:** -You can't! There is *nothing* that you can do for me! This is- I can't believe you thought you could control any part of this situation! How big is your ego?!

(Silence.)

**Dr. Flip:** ...You have to let me try again. Regardless of what you think of me, I do care about you-

**Dr. Novosad:** -Stop.

**Dr. Flip:** We can- We can fix this, I know we can-

**Dr. Novosad:** -Stop. Stop, STOP!!

(Dr. Flip abruptly ceases his pleading, his eyes wide open, fixated on Dr. Novosad.)

**Dr.Novosad:** Take it away. My memories of this place, my m- my memories of *him*. I want them gone.

**Dr. Flip:** N-No, please. I- I just wanted you back. You're...You're my family-

**Dr. Novosad:** -Enough! I just- Get it all out! I can't- I can't keep going like this...

(Dr. Flip looks down at his feet.)

**Dr. Flip:** Yes, of- of course. I'll get to it straight away.

(Dr. Flip rises from his chair and solemnly walks to the chamber door. Before he exits, he turns back to Dr. Novosad.)

**Dr. Flip:** I'm s-

(A pause. Shortly after, the chamber door unlocks and Dr. Flip exits, leaving Dr. Novosad alone.)

**Agent Aiza:** Sir, why did you say that to her? Amnesticization doesn't remove the emotional-

**Dr. Flip:** -I'm aware. But it- it'll provide her a bit of comfort...for now. As much as I can give to her until I have a permanent solution.

**Agent Aiza:** I don't mean to step out of line here, but I don't think there's much more you can do for her. You have to accept-

**Dr. Flip:** -No. This was...disappointing, but we still learned so much from it. And I can- I can tweak the piece to help...cut down on the- the confusion. It's simple, at this point, really.

**Agent Aiza:** ...Understood, sir.

**Dr. Flip:** For now, escort her to a more comfortable chamber, and tell her I'll be there to see her in the morning. I've clearly got my work cut out for me.

---

**Afterword:** SCP-9250 will undergo further experimentation and redesigning to hone the positive effects of the anomaly. Until then, Dr. Novosad will be psychologically monitored by Dr. X. Flip.

I can't let go yet.

<< [SCP-9249](SCP-9249) | SCP-9250 | [SCP-9251](SCP-9251) >>
