**Item #:** SCP-9767

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Monitoring of SCP-9767 is to continue until evidence of true anomalous manifestation can be found, at which point proper response operations will be put into place.

**Description:** SCP-9767 refers to Stanford Carlos Leto (born July 7th, 1997) - a prominent right-wing activist and social media personality based in the United States. Originally working as a staffer and assistant writer on the prominent podcast *Red, Right, Republican*, Leto departed from the show in 2012 in order to focus on his own YouTube career as a political commentator. By 2016, his channel had accumulated over 7 million subscribers, with Leto himself beginning to embed himself further into right-wing politics at all levels.

The content produced by Leto is often in-line with that of other content creators in the "manosphere" community, with his political rhetoric often crossing over to the fringe of right-wing politics. Common topics on Leto's channels include (among other things) the promotion of religious state-enforced gender roles, over-representation of racial and sexual minorities in media, and the nutritional benefits of raw ox liver.

Though SCP-9767 (as well as his rise in popularity) has not exhibited apparent anomalous qualities, he nonetheless came to Foundation attention after exhibiting several concerning sentiments that aligned with known anomalous groups.

For further information, please view the following addendums.

---

##maroon|**- Addendum - Notable Statements**##

Several notable statements throughout SCP-9767's career have been documented below. For a complete list of potentially relevant incidents, please view *Document 9767-B.*

= **INSTANCE 9767-A1**

---

**Context:** Occurred at an unknown date on the *Red, Right, Republican* podcast's set. Retrieved from an unsorted Foundation media archive.

**Transcript:**

##grey|*[The host of the show, James Kingsley walks onto the set, pointing at someone backstage.]*##

**J. Kingsley:** ...legal guardian of unspecified gender. See, that shit's *genius.* That shit's *original.* I want more of that. Keep doing that. Now, hey, Stan, get over here. Fuck you just gave me?

##grey|*[Kingsley walks towards SCP-9767, angrily waving a sheaf of paper in front of him.]*##

**SCP-9767:** I'm sorry?

**J. Kingsley:**  The script, you fuck! The script for the next segment! This a fuckin' joke to you? *Look-*

##grey|*[Kingsley begins to read from the script in a nasal, mocking tone.]*##

**J. Kingsley:**  *...implications that a god could reincarnate into something lesser, something more human, that a deity long-dead could find a vessel and walk the earth once more, only to show his holy red face again at the twilight of-* What the fuck is all this bullshit?! How the fuck do you think they'll react if I said this shit live on-air!?

**SCP-9767:** I thought it was an interesting theological conversation.

**J. Kingsley:** That's the problem. Christmas isn't for *five fucking months.*

 

 

= **INSTANCE 9767-A2**

---

**Context:** Occurred at 42 minutes and 31 seconds in during an interview on a video by media company Jubilee *("1 Manosphere Podcaster vs. 20 Progressives (Ft. Stanford Carlos Leto) | Surrounded.")*

**Transcript:**

##grey|*[SCP-9767 is sitting in the middle of a circle of 19 other people. The current participant, Aubrey, is in the middle of their argument.]*##

**Aubrey:** Okay, so that's just *obviously* not true. What you're saying just doesn't happen. It's a *fact* that the rise of this, this culture, this red-pill culture, its popularity is *directly* proportional to the amount of violence that-

**SCP-9767:** Red. And do you know why it's red?

**Aubrey:** I'm not done. And everyone knows it's a *Matrix* reference. Look, what I'm saying is-

**SCP-9767:** No, Aubrey. It's red because it's the color of God. Because it's holy. It's so *holy*. So much more than anything physical, anything real. It's the color of truth, and it's a shade deeper than any blood, any rose, any light. It's the shade at the end of all things.

##grey|*[Beat. SCP-9767 begins to shiver. He stares ahead.]*##

**SCP-9767:** It's the color of the first impulse. The first need. The first flame. Before man was, there was fire. That red dot in the black night. The red flower. It illuminated and burned in equal measures. We called, and it answered. We begged on our knees, naked and afraid, and it stood in silent contempt.

##grey|*[Aubrey looks away from the camera, clearly confused.]*##

**SCP-9767:** The pill isn't red, Aubrey. The pill is Scarlet. The pill is the burning eye of God. The pill is that which man feels when the night is cold and the darkness of his mind is all he has for company. Oh God, it answered. Oh, did it answer.

##grey|*[SCP-9767 hunches over. Sniffling sounds are audible.]*##

**Aubrey:** Are you... are you *crying?*

##grey|*[SCP-9767 slowly, robotically sits back up. His face is impassive. Tears stream down his face.]*##

##grey|*[Everyone in the room shifts uncomfortably. Over 30 seconds passes without anyone saying a word. SCP-9767 whispers a single phrase under his breath.]*##

**SCP-9767:** Ad Hominem.

 

 

= **INSTANCE 9767-A3**

---

**Context:** Occurred at 23 minutes and 17 seconds into one of Leto's YouTube videos *("Kings And Brides - Why Matt Walsh Was Right About Fertility & More.")*

**Transcript:**

##grey|*[SCP-9767 sits in a well-lit studio room, a mug with his channel's signature red crown logo can be seen on his desk, next to a microphone. Several fitness posters can be seen behind him.]*##

**SCP-9767:** See, that's the thing about modern women. They're ruined. Not because they're women, but because they're *modern.* That's why they're always unhappy. That's why they're always howling. They're *rancid.* They're spoiled *milk*, right out of high school. Hell, the damage's already done much before that. It's already set in concrete. It's already in their blood.

##grey|*[SCP-9767 leans in, becoming more animated.]*##

**SCP-9767:** It's not just their fault, progressive indoctrination's corroded them from what they know they're meant for, what they secretly all *want.* To be the *bride!* Think of the good old days, before this modern shit, the life we can no longer have because of modernity; beautiful young girl, ring on her finger, making home cooked meals, working on the farm, taking care of your beautiful daughters, maybe two, three, no, *seven* of them. All protected by a masculine, fatherly figure. Imagine that life, coming home to that, living like a king. Imagine trading that away for girl-boss office work.

##grey|*[SCP-9767 leans back angrily, raising both hands for emphasis. He becomes increasingly louder over time.]*##

**SCP-9767:** Now *that*... that is their agenda! They've taken bridehood from the female, and kingship from men. They've done that to *you!* They've chained you. They dangle the life you can't have in front of you, and they tell you that you're *animals* for trying to take it from them! But you *have* to! You have to *take it from them!* And if they scream "No," then *fuck 'em!* Take what's *yours!*

##grey|*[SCP-9767 breathes loudly, sweat dripping from his forehead. He seems momentarily confused for a second before looking back at the camera, recomposing himself.]*##

**SCP-9767:** ...and the first step to that is with the help of today's sponsor. AlphaDiet! The path towards masculine energy and body. A nutritionally complete meal in each protein-filled packet. Use code "LETO77" for 15% off your fuh- first purchase. Your first purchase.

##grey|*[A pause. Someone slides a jar of AlphaDiet-brand protein powder and a plate of raw liver across the table. SCP-9767's right eye twitches.]*##

 

 

= **INSTANCE 9767-A4**

---

**Context:** Recovered communications from sub-Veil alt-right community *Red Pages.* Thread was shortly deleted by Foundation-affiliated moderators for insufficient account age.

**Transcript:**

**SKR:** Just got back from a TPUSA event in my town. I swear I'm not making any of this up. Leto was there, he did a short speech, then went back. I followed him.

I swear to God, I barely opened his door. I swear, I saw it. I saw him. I saw the Cerise Glow. He saw me, with a thousand eyes like rubies older than the First Blood. I ran. It's ALL TRUE.

**ERW:** ##maroon|>Unironically redposting##

Go kill yourself you actual █████████████████████

After reviewing the context and nature of the above statements, as well as several dozen other instances from throughout Leto's career, a proposal was put forward by Dr. Cassandra, head of the SCP-9767 project, to reclassify SCP-9767 as a Keter-class threat.

Please view *"Dr. Cassandra's Hypothesis"* for more information on this proposal.

##maroon|**- Addendum - Dr. Cassandra's Hypothesis [UPDATE - IMPORTANT]**##

The following is a statement from O5-7 regarding the closure of the SCP-9767 project.

= **FROM THE DESK OF O5-7**

---

To whom it may concern,

In my long storied career at the Foundation, it is not often that I am shocked by what happens under our purview. This line of work numbs you, and it is common to find that, at a point, there are no surprises left. I thought that I had reached that point decades ago. I thought there was nothing left to shock me.

And yet, as I read through the SCP-9767 project file, I realized that this was untrue. Never have I been subjected to such feelings of disgust. That the content of the file was so distasteful, so detestable, so utterly repugnant, is what has driven me to write this message today to personally  express my disdain.

I simply cannot believe that a Foundation department has been grossly misusing Foundation personnel, resources, and time - all in order to persecute and invade a respectable public figure’s privacy all these years for no reason other than his political views.

It is blatant that the fact that this file even exists at all is a shame to the Foundation. Not only is there no actual evidence that Mr. Leto is in any way anomalous, what little documentation has been compiled is nothing more than a thinly-veiled character assassination, built upon out-of-context soundbites and deliberate misinterpretation.

Even more offensive than what has been done to Mr. Leto’s character here is what the file implies. Even as the SCP-9767 research team acknowledged in the file that Mr. Leto’s views are not only mainstream and accepted by a vast amount of the population, it could not help itself lambasting these views - and in turn, demonizing countless millions who respect and see themselves in Mr. Leto. The obvious suggestion here is that those who agree with Mr. Leto are themselves anomalous, and that is a frankly *sickening* proposition.

I do not mince words when I say this: The SCP-9767 project is perhaps one of the most bigoted and depraved Foundation ventures in its long history, and though its research team has now been forcefully disbanded and amnesticized, I do not believe we can better ourselves by sweeping what has been under the rugs.

As such, with the assistance of the Department Of Foundation Efficiency, I intend to recreate this file as a monument to Foundation integrity, and a tribute to Mr. Leto, who was so unfairly treated by Dr. Cassandra. Effective immediately, the file will be locked, only to be updated periodically by a state-of-the-art Foundation AIC model with true facts and important events from Mr. Leto’s public life.

Let this be a lesson: The Foundation’s job is not to unfairly persecute. The Foundation’s job is not to demonize or cancel. The Foundation’s job is simply to contain, and when we can, show both sides of the story.

*-O5-7*

Henceforth, the SCP-9767 file has been locked to outside editors, with the exception of LetoFix.AIC, an experimental Foundation model designed to automatically add new entries to the file through scanning and analyzing public information regarding SCP-9767, Mr. Stanford Carlos Leto.

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stanford C. Leto's Biography - 12/2025**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stanford C. Leto's 7 Rules Of Life- 12/2025**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stanford C. Leto's Videos - 12/2025**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - CPAC: Stanford C. Leto Appearance - 3/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Why The Far-Left Is Afraid Of Stan Leto - 4/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: 12 Million Subs Livestream - 5/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - The Joe Rogan Experience: Stanford C. Leto [FULL] - 7/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: Mar-A-Lago Livestream - 9/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Why The Liberals Are Afraid Of Stan Leto - 9/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Debunking The Stanford C. Leto Allegations - 9/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto On The Mid-terms [FULL] - 10/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto's Rising Popularity - Full Story - 10/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: AlphaDiet is the future [LIVESTREAM]- 10/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - What Politicians Can Learn From Stanford Leto - 11/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - The Joe Rogan Experience: Stanford C. Leto [FULL] - 11/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Why Normies Are Afraid Of Stan Leto- 11/2026**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Debunking The New Stanford C. Leto Allegations - 2/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - The Problem With Women - Stan Leto's New Book - 5/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: FOLLOW ME [LIVESTREAM]- 7/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - What Is Letoism [Full Story] - 8/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: "Modern Right is Too Weak" [Clip] - 8/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - The Joe Rogan Experience: Stanford C. Leto [FULL] - 8/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Bring Back Slavery - Stan Leto's New Book - 8/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: Stan Leto breaks w/ Trump on tax policy - 9/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: addressing the AlphaDiet situation... [LIVESTREAM] - 9/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - ARTICLE: Death Of A Bromance? Leto turns against White House - 9/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: RETURN TO YOUR ROOTS [LIVESTREAM] - 10/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: Letoists Gathering In Florida [Full Story] - 11/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - White House warns against "woke" Letoists - 12/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Why Everyone Is Afraid Of Stan Leto- 12/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: DO WHAT YOU MUST [LIVESTREAM] - 11/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: White House Letoist Raid. President Missing. - 12/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: Letoists Declare Coup - 12/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - The Joe Rogan Experience: Stanford C. Leto [FULL] - 12/2027**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: Stan Leto Cannibalizes President Trump [Clip] - 1/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: Stan Leto Declares Self President-King [Clip] - 1/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Escaping The Friendzone - Stan Leto's New Book - 1/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: Military Forces Engages With Letoists - 2/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Inside The Leto Administration - 3/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Centrism In The Age Of Leto [Gift Article] - 3/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: White House Enters 3rd Month Of Siege - 5/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Debunking The Stanford C. Leto Allegations, Again - 6/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: I AM THE SEVENTH SON [LIVESTREAM] - 7/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: Who Is The SCP Foundation? [Gift Article] - 7/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: FLORIDA IS LOST - 8/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: KANSAS IS LOST - 8/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: TENNESSEE IS LOST - 8/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: THE ALPHADIET ABOMINATION [LIVESTREAM]- 8/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Foundation forces losing ground against Letoists [Gift Article]- 9/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Leto Administration Spraying Red Gas Nationwide [News] - 9/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Bill Maher: Here's What The Left Doesn't Understand About Leto - 9/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: NORTH CAROLINA IS LOST - 10/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Global Occult Coalition: A Q&A with Al Fine [Gift Article]- 10/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: MY WELL OF POWER GROWS [LIVESTREAM] - 10/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Will We Get Free & Fair Elections? [News] - 10/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: THE SCARLET TRUTH [LIVESTREAM] - 11/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: LETO TRANSFORMS ON LIVESTREAM - 11/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - ALERT: Blood-storm in all 43 remaining states - 11/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - ALERT: SCP FOUNDATION: "EXECUTE YOUR PARENTS NOW" - 11/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - ALERT: SCP FOUNDATION: "PROTECT YOUR LIVERS" - 11/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - ALERT: United States Relocated To Void-like Dimension - 12/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - ALERT: SCP FOUNDATION: "THIS IS TEMPORARY" - 12/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - BREAKING: PRESIDENT-KING-GOD LETO KILLED - 12/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Dr. Alto Clef: Who Is The Man Who Killed President Leto? - 12/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: I CAN NEVER DIE [LIVESTREAM] - 12/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - ALERT: SCP FOUNDATION: "LOCK YOUR DOORS" - 12/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Stan Leto: MY FINAL ASCENT BEGINS [LIVESTREAM] - 12/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - ALERT: SCP FOUNDATION: "REALITY COLLAPSE IMMINENT" - 12/2028**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - Is this the end? [Gift Article] - 1/2029**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - ALERT: Please tell my family I love them. - 1/2029**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

##maroon|**+ Addendum - The Joe Rogan Experience: Stanford C. Leto [FULL] - 1/2029**## ##blue|**[AUTO]**##

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9766](SCP-9766) | SCP-9767 | [SCP-9768](SCP-9768) >>

> **Filename:** Simon Willison at EuroOSCON.jpg

> **Author:** Russ Nelson

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ WIKIMEDIA COMMONS](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Simon_Willison_at_EuroOSCON.jpg)

> **Filename:** When Ajax Attacks! JavaScript security fundamentals - Simon Willison (2862155101).jpg

> **Author:** Marcos Fernández Davies from Palma de Mallorca, Spain

> **License:** CC-BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [ WIKIMEDIA COMMONS](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:When_Ajax_Attacks!_JavaScript_security_fundamentals_-_Simon_Willison_(2862155101).jpg)

> **Filename:** Simon Willison (2929211382) (cropped).jpg

> **Author:** Paul Downey from Berkhamsted, UK

> **License:** CC-BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [ WIKIMEDIA COMMONS](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Simon_Willison_(2929211382)_(cropped).jpg)
