---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Former SCP-9745 instances are interred at the Foundation animal burial site located in Stockholm. Following the death of the final SCP-9745 instance, containment of SCP-9745 is no longer necessary.

**Description:** SCP-9745 was a lineage of Swedish FriesianA Swedish breed of cattle, similar to the American Holstein Friesian breed. cows that were capable of altering the political beliefs of individuals upon the consumption of their milk, designated SCP-9745-A. Individuals affected by the anomaly consistently showed moderate reformist left wing political beliefs, consistent with the beliefs of the Swedish Social Democratic Party Formally known as the Swedish Social Democratic Workers’ Party during the time that the anomaly was active. A major aspect of this set of political beliefs is that change should be brought about by political reform, rather than revolution. The effects last for approximately one year, with certain individuals remaining with their altered political beliefs for non-anomalous reasons.

Instances of SCP-9745 displayed a slightly darker coloration on their body than the average for the species. The upper body of the cows were mostly black, with only a few white spots. Multiple accounts of SCP-9745 instances describe them as having a more affable personality than is expected of the breed.

The streak of electoral wins for the Swedish Social Democratic Party beginning with Per Albin Hansson's election in 1936, and broken by Thorbjörn Fälldin with the Centre Party in 1976, is considered tied to SCP-9745.

**Discovery:** SCP-9745's effects were first detected in 1948, after the Foundation was alerted to a statistically significant increase in the percentage of Swedish citizens aligned with the Swedish Social Democratic Party. 

Following the death of the Social Democrat prime minister Per Albin Hansson, Foundation estimates predicted a back swing in public support, leading to a victory towards the Liberal People's Party. However, during the 1948 Swedish general election, Tage Erlander, the Democratic Socialist candidate, won with a lead that was outside of the range of Foundation estimates.

Ultimately, this led to discovery of SCP-9745, and the Stockholm-based farm that was in possession of them at the time. The family that owned the farm were staunch supporters of the Social Democratic Party, and had a history of political activism in the years prior. The farm was responsible for producing a significant portion of the milk within Sweden, and until Foundation intervention, had been distributing milk produced by SCP-9745 without knowledge of their anomalous effects.

Fortunately, while the anomaly had affected a large swath of the Swedish population, SCP-9745 did not appear to be a threat to the Veil. Belief changes that resulted from SCP-9745's effects were near indistinguishable from non-anomalous changes in belief. Due to this, only minor coverups were deemed necessary for the protection of the Veil. The Foundation has taken control of the farm, due to the fear that knowledge of SCP-9745-A could be acquired by another group.

**Addendum 1:**  Following the acquisition of SCP-9745, controlled distribution of SCP-9745-A to the Swedish population has been proposed.  Following the election of Tage Erlander, the Swedish Social Democratic Party has provided crucial assistance to the Foundation, allowing far greater operational efficiency in Sweden. As a result, continued victories for the Swedish Social Democratic Party were advantageous for the Foundation.

Arguments for and against this proposal have been posed by multiple parties. However, the ethical cost of Foundation political intervention has been deemed less important than the increased effectiveness of Foundation operations within Sweden. Following an O5 council vote, the proposal for temporary SCP-9745-A distribution in Sweden has passed and will be implemented on the 5th of August, 1951.

**Addendum 2:** The distribution of SCP-9745-A within Sweden has seen significant success in the years since its introduction. Assistance from the Swedish Social Democratic Party is responsible for the efficient containment of numerous anomalies. Following this, SCP-9745-A distribution is to continue indefinitely.

**Addendum 3:** On February 2nd, 1968, the Foundation predicted a violent conflict involving revolutionary groups near a Foundation site in the United States. The resulting confrontation would have posed a significant risk of disrupting a nearby anomaly. As a preventative measure, SCP-9745-A was distributed to individuals that would have been responsible for the confrontation. This action was successful in preventing the conflict, allowing the anomaly to be contained safely. Accordingly, research into additional applications of SCP-9745-A is ongoing.

**Addendum 4:** As of the death of the final SCP-9745 instance on the 13th of March, 1973, SCP-9745 is considered neutralized. Unbeknownst to the Foundation during a majority of the period of SCP-9745 containment, creation of SCP-9745 instances have an additional requirement. SCP-9745 instances must be cross-bred with pure Swedish Friesian cattle in order to create additional instances of SCP-9745 with their offspring.

By the 1970s, Swedish Friesian cattle were bred heavily with American Holstein Friesian cattle, to the point that they were effectively extinct. Consequently, the Foundation was unable to procure purebred Swedish Friesian cattle, and were unable to continue the SCP-9745 lineage. 

Following the neutralization of SCP-9745, a Foundation animal burial site was created for SCP-9745 in Stockholm. The reasoning for an animal burial site rather than a disposal was, in part, out of safety. As SCP-9745 had previously exhibited anomalous effects, decomposition into the environment would have constituted an undue risk, so embalming was selected instead.

The bodies of each former SCP-9745 instance in Foundation possession were interred at the site. A placard in the burial site reads “You will be missed.” in Swedish, along with the informal designations for each instance. A dedication was added for Tage Erlander and Olof Palme, following Olof Palme's assassination in 1986, honoring their assistance to the Foundation.

The Foundation continued to control the farm until 2003, where it was relinquished to a civilian dairy company. While the Swedish Social Democratic Party is no longer as dominant as it was during the period of SCP-9745 containment, it continues to remain popular in Sweden. Cooperation with other Swedish political parties has seen minimal success.

<< [SCP-9744](SCP-9744) | SCP-9745 | [SCP-9746](SCP-9746) >>

> **Filename:** Holstein Friesian cattle in snow 8.jpg

> **Author:**ノボホショコロトソ

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Holstein_Friesian_cattle_in_snow_8.jpg
