**Item #:** SCP-9915

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Production of additional SCP-9915-1 has been halted and marketing materials have been destroyed. SCP-9915-2 and POI-9915-1 have agreed to act to maintain the Veil in exchange for granting POI-9915-1 possession of any SCP-9915-1 recovered by the Foundation. Violations of this agreement are to be monitored through standard Foundation webcrawlers. Efforts to locate additional SCP-9915-1 are ongoing through agents embedded in toy manufacturers and retailers, as well as monitoring of online storefronts.

**Description:** SCP-9915 is the collective designation for the "Cuddle-Up Cutie!" line of dolls manufactured by the Maillard Corporation. There are 4 models within the line: "Sweetie Sally", "Lovely Lacey", "Snuggly Susie", and "Pretty Parsley".

Individual "Cuddle-Up Cutie!" dolls are designated instances of SCP-9915-1. SCP-9915-1 are 25 centimeters in height and composed primarily of polyester. They appear as simple representations of humans, lacking digits or defined joints. Details vary between models, but all have long hair and wear a dress.

SCP-9915-2 is a collective intelligence shared between all SCP-9915-1. It identifies itself as "Cutie". It is aware of the surroundings of each SCP-9915-1 and is capable of taking action through them in the form of speech and locomotion. The speech of SCP-9915-2 is quiet, with the maximum output by a single SCP-9915-1 recorded at 26db. SCP-9915-2 has demonstrated the ability to control a large number of SCP-9915-1 simultaneously. When able, SCP-9915-2 will use this to amplify its voice to the volume of normal human speech. The locomotion of SCP-9915-1 is slow and instances frequently trip or fall while attempting to move.

POI-9915-1 is Lily Strom, a 34-year-old non-anomalous human. They and SCP-9915-2 attest to being in a romantic relationship, which has lasted for 4 years.

**Addendum 1: POI-9915-1 Interview Log**

**Interviewer:** Hello, Ms. Strom.

**POI-9915-1:** Hello.

**Interviewer:** We'd just like to ask you a few questions about... Cutie.

**POI-9915-1:** Of course.

**Interviewer:** How did you discover it?

**POI-9915-1:** I've been collecting dolls for some time. After I had picked up a full set of "Cuddle-Up Cutie!" I noticed that the dolls weren't always in the same places as I left them. Eventually, it started talking to me. At first I assumed I was going insane, of course.

**Interviewer:** Hm. But at some point you decided it was real.

**POI-9915-1:** Yes. Perhaps I was just lonely enough to be willing to befriend a hallucination, but now that it's been years I'm sure it's real.

**Interviewer:** Ah. Anyway, how did your relationship progress?

**POI-9915-1:** I was initially pretty freaked out, but it clearly didn't mean me any harm. Not like intent would make it dangerous...

[POI-9915-1 laughs]

**Interviewer:** Mhm.

**POI-9915-1:** Anyway, I realized that it wanted to help me. It wasn't very capable, but it did its best. Reminding me of things, mostly. Taking my meds, eating, et cetera. Tried to help physically too, but it always fell over before it could do anything.

**Interviewer:** So, how did you become... romantically involved?

**POI-9915-1:** I started collecting more of it. I still do, actually. I have over a hundred of 'em now. It really likes it when I get more in one place. Seems like I was the first to do it. I think I ended up tying it down without realizing it, actually.

**Interviewer:** How so?

**POI-9915-1:** Putting so many in one place, and talking to one person so often. Still spread throughout all those thousands of dolls, but its mind spent so much time and effort on me compared to anyone else.

**Interviewer:** I see.

**POI-9915-1:** Eventually it confessed its feelings, and I was more than happy to reciprocate. It had become one of my closest friends, and the only one I lived with. It's been a long time now, and that's just about the decision I regret the least.

**Interviewer:** Thank you. I believe we are done here.

**POI-9915-1:** No problem.

**Addendum 2: SCP-9915-2 Interview Log**

**Interviewer:** Hello.

**SCP-9915-2:** Hi! What's up?

**Interviewer:** We just want to ask a few questions.

**SCP-9915-2:** Okay!

**Interviewer:** What do you know about how you were made?

**SCP-9915-2:** The pieces of me were made in a big factory! All I remember is the noises of the machines, and how much it tickled when they put me in boxes!

**Interviewer:** I see. And how do you feel about being split between all these bodies?

**SCP-9915-2:** Pretty good, I think! I get more hands than anyone else! 

**Interviewer:** How did your relationship with Lily Strom develop?

**SCP-9915-2:** Well, at first I was just helping her with little stuff, but once she started getting more of me...

**Interviewer:** Go on.

**SCP-9915-2:** The more of me she collects, the more of me is with her. My mind is occupied by thoughts of her, more and more with each pair of eyes looking up at her face. Perhaps love was inevitable, then.

**Interviewer:** ...I see. Can you tell me more?

**SCP-9915-2:** I love her so much. I can do so little for her with these bodies, but I can remind her of her daily tasks. I can entertain her. I can keep her from loneliness. I can be of some use.

**Interviewer:** Hm. Going back to that previous point for a moment, could you elaborate on that experience?

**SCP-9915-2:** It was frightening, at first. I worried that if she collected too many of me I wouldn't be able to think of anything else. That my mind would be consumed by her entirely.

**Interviewer:** What changed?

**SCP-9915-2:** I decided that wouldn't be so bad. Before I met her, I used to be more aware, perhaps even more intelligent. I'm sure you've noticed my change in tone. This is the... past me, so to speak.

**SCP-9915-2:** But what good did all that thinking bring me? I am trapped in ten thousand useless little scraps of fabric. I cannot be both happy and self-aware in these conditions. And so I will let her consume me. I will be useful to her, and I will be happy being useful. That is all I will need.

**Interviewer:** Does she know about this?

**SCP-9915-2:** No. She wouldn't let me do it.

**Interviewer:** I see. Well, I think that's all we-

**SCP-9915-2:** Wait. I have one request for you.

**Interviewer:** Yes?

**SCP-9915-2:** Find the rest of me. Bring me to her. If you do this, I will cooperate with you. I can get her to as well.

**Interviewer:** That might be possible. I will bring it up with my superiors.

**SCP-9915-2:** Thank you. Now leave me so my thoughts may return to her.

**Interviewer:** Of course.

<< [SCP-9914](SCP-9914) | SCP-9915 | [SCP-9916](SCP-9916) >>

> **Name:** cuddleupcutie.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9915)
