.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

@media (max-width: 1000px) {

  :root .scp-image-block {

    width: min(300px, 90%) !important;

    margin: auto;

    float: none;

  }

}

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9343-1 sites are to be closed off to the public and preserved for Foundation research. Any SCP-9343-1 sites no longer exhibiting the presence of SCP-9343-2 specimens are to be demolished, following the results of incident SCP-9343-A. Any members of the public having witnessed SCP-9343-2 are to be amnesticized and released.

Due to the scale and acceptance of SCP-9343-3 throughout mundane society, the decision has been made for it to be left uncontained.

**Description:** SCP-9343 is the collective classification for a number of associated objects and anomalous phenomenon discovered in the north of England and throughout Scotland.

SCP-9343-1 refers to a variety of structures and buildings built in the style of 12th century architecture. SCP-9343-1 instances usually take the form of a church or statue, however one recorded instance of it taking the form of a full settlement has been discovered. These structures display the ability to convert speech into echoes which repeat infinitely. These repeating vocalizations range greatly in length depending on the SCP-9343-1 instance they were produced by and have been given the classification SCP-9343-2. 

For information surrounding SCP-9343-3, see "Addendum: SCP-9343-3".

**Initial Discovery:** Evidence of SCP-9343 was first discovered following multiple reports of extremely loud screaming of numerous voices being heard in various villages in the north of Britain. These reports were originally left unexplained, but were used to locate broken SCP-9343-1 structures following the discovery of the first functional instance of SCP-9343-1.

A functional SCP-9343-1 structure was first discovered 12/3/12, after a newspaper article revealed a group of teenagers claiming to have discovered a church which spoke to them. This article was intercepted by Foundation personnel, with a disinformation campaign being employed claiming the building was a performance art project.

 

Upon entering the SCP-9343-1 structure, Foundation personnel observed of multiple overlapping voices. Efforts to hear individual voices proved challenging.

Due to the inability to isolate individual voices, Senior Researcher Campbell suggested the development of an AI capable of de-scrambling SCP-9343-2. In the meantime, testing began on non-functional instances of SCP-9343-1, which were discovered following investigations into the reports of explosive voices.

> 

> **Testing Log: SCP-9343-1**

> 

> 

> **Subject:** Non-Functional SCP-9343-1 instance

> **Objective:** Attempt to reactivate anomalous properties through repairs.

> **Results:** SCP-9343-1 instance was repaired using materials matching those used at suspected time of construction. All damage, both major and superficial, was repaired. SCP-9343-1 instance began to echo the last sentence spoken by each member of Foundation personnel inside once repairs were completed.

> **Notes:** Test was completed on two instances of SCP-9343-1, results proved consistent.

> 

> **Subject:** Repaired SCP-9343-1 instance

> **Objective:** Discover the effects of damaging an instance of SCP-9343-1 which contains  SCP-9343-2 instances.

> **Results:** Upon damage being applied to SCP-9343-1 instance created an opening from the interior to the exterior, all SCP-9343-2 instances began to scream. These screams started increasing in volume and a loud gust was heard heading towards and exiting through the orifice. Following exit, instances continued to rise in volume and move outside of the building until reaching a maximum of 132 decibels, at which point all instances demanifested.

> **Notes:** Following witnessing this event, present Foundation personnel reported feelings of guilt and remorse similar to the feeling of losing a loved one. Requests to visit a site councilor are to be accepted.

**Incident Report SCP-9343-A**

On 1/5/12, a leaked episode of the show "Grand Designs" was scrubbed from the web and a disinformation campaign was put into effect, claiming the episode contained an editing error and was taken down by the parent company Channel 4. This episode consisted of a couple renovating a non-functional instance of SCP-9343-1 in an attempt to convert it into a house. Below is a transcript of the segment demonstrating SCP-9343-2 specimen, once the SCP-9343-1 instance had been sufficiently repaired.

@@ @@

**Sarah ████:** So now we're gonna be filling the last of the gaps with some concrete. What's really nice about old buildings like these is, since the walls are already made of thick stones, we don't need any regular insulation.

*<An edited montage takes place, during which almost all of the walls have their gaps filled with concrete.>*

**Dave ████:** I think this is the last bit now. Sarah, would you like the honours?

**Sarah ████:** Alrighty. Here we go!

*<The camera zooms as they cover a small gap in a wall.>*

**Dave ████:** Perfect.

*<An SCP-9343-2 instance manifests, repeating the word "Perfect" in Dave ████'s voice.>*

**Cameraman:** What the hell is that?

**Director:** Cut! Who's doing that?

*<As more people begin to speak, more SCP-9343-2 instances manifest, until all that can be heard is a cacophony of sound. Cast and crew are then seen evacuating the building, with cameras continuing to roll until running out of batteries 33 minutes later.>*

Following this video's removal, Foundation personnel located and secured the involved instance of SCP-9343-1.

Because of the risk undocumented SCP-9343-1 instances pose to the Veil, additional resources were provided to aid in their discovery. Permission has been granted for the demolition of non-functional instances of SCP-9343-1, due to the effective resource cost of containing individual instances.

On 13/5/12, a working prototype model of Cacophony.aic finished development and became available for use in de-scrambling SCP-9343-2 instances. Following the success of Cacophony.aic, Senior Researcher Campbell was promoted to research lead. Below is a list of de-scrambled SCP-9343-2 instances discovered in the first functioning instance of SCP-9343-1, along with those from two additional instances discovered during expanded Foundation scouting.

**Voice:** Mature Masculine

**Language of Origin:** Old English

**Translation:** There is no place I would have preferred to be born, no people I would have rather met and no regret I hold that matters.

**Voice:** Young Masculine

**Language of Origin:** Old English

**Translation:** We're off to help some of the lads up north. Think they're about to get attacked. If we don't come back, you know what happened.

**Voice:** Young Feminine

**Language of Origin:** Old English

**Translation:** We couldn't get mum here before we lost her. She didn't get to say that she loved us. Hopefully my words will do.

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Open Attached Document</summary>

**To:** Lead Researcher Campbell

**From:** Researcher Falls

**Subject:** Vacation Days

---

I'd like to take some time off to spend time with my family. Me and my parents aren't on the best terms right now and I think I'd like to change that. I'm requesting the remainder of my vacation days this year to go visit them. I thought I'd let you know ahead of time. You seem pretty invested in this one. It's a nice look on you.

*Researcher Falls*

@@ @@

**To:** Researcher Falls

**From:** Lead Researcher Campbell

**Subject:** Re:Vacation Days

---

Hi, Falls.

Please don't take the time off. We're understaffed right now as is and this thing is just starting to get interesting. I could really use your help with this. I'm not going to refuse you your time away but I would love it if you could reconsider.

Thanks,

*Campbell.*

</details>

@@ @@

**Voice:** Young Male

**Language of Origin:** Modern English

**Transcription:** What the fuck? Are you God or something?

**Notes:** This entry is believed to from one of the teenagers who discovered the original SCP-9343-1 site.

**Voice:** Mature Feminine

**Language of Origin:** Old English

**Translation:** The religious sorts have been showing up more and more recently. We cannot risk them finding this place. If you're hearing this, know my plan worked.

**Notes:** Believed to refer to the Roman Catholic Church, who would have been present in the region at the time.

**Voice:** Mature Masculine

**Language of Origin:** Old English

**Translation:** They slaughtered us. I managed to get away. I don't think I was followed. If you survived, join me in the woods. We can't let them take Glæsisvellir.

**Note:** The term "Glæsisvellir" translates to "Glittering Plains". In Norse mythology, Glæsisvellir is said to contain "Ódáinsakr", where nobody could die.

@@ @@

Following the translation of the last listed SCP-9343-2, a search of a nearby woodland was authorised. 4 stone structures were soon discovered buried. These structures resembled statues of various unknown figures, with small holes located on the mouths.

These holes each exuded a single, significantly-longer instance of SCP-9343-2 eachApart from one statue resembling a soldier, which was discovered in too poor a condition to function. . Following the recording of each instance, each structure was confirmed capable of producing new instances when spoken into the mouth.

A full team was allocated to the quick translation of each instance of SCP-9343-2 recorded.

@@ @@

**Design:** Resembles a weeping man.

**Length:** 122 minutes

**Voice:** Mature Masculine

There is no joy in my heart without him.

His body lying wrecked in a field somewhere.

No warm breath on my neck.

No warm hands in mine.

I close my eyes and see his, watching.

I reach out.

He is not here.

I walked the Dales this morning.

I woke in a cold sweat.

Sheep watched me pass them.

They did not care.

I heard him speak.

Words for only my ears.

I have not wept since that morn.

If I feel a tear coming.

I step out to the hills.

I feel my husband with me.

Clinging to the breeze.

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Open Attached Document</summary>

**To:** SCP-9343 Team

**From:** Doctor O'Connor

**Subject:** Wedding Invitations!

---

Hi everyone!

Just sending out an email to let you all know that I finally made the decision to propose to my boyfriend of 4 years. I just felt I'd been waiting to do something I knew I wanted. It's a little rushed, but we think we want to have the wedding in a couple weeks, so save the date for a week on Saturday! Hope to see you all there and thank you for making me feel so welcome ever since I joined this team.

*Dave O'Connor, Translation Team*

@@ @@

**To:** Doctor O'Connor

**From:** Researcher Manks

**Subject:** Re:Wedding Invitations!

---

Congratulations! So happy for you! You can count on me and Paul being there.

*Researcher Manks, Paraphysics*

@@ @@

**To:** Doctor O'Connor

**From:** Director Littlewood

**Subject:** Re:Wedding Invitations!

---

I won't be able to make it but make sure to drink a little more for me. Congratulations.

*Site Director Littlewood*

@@ @@

**To:** Doctor O'Connor

**From:** Lead Researcher Campbell

**Subject:** Re:Wedding Invitations!

---

Hi Dave.

Why have I received no paperwork regarding this? We have a lot of work to do with 9343 and this is going to really slow things down. Are you certain of that date? Is it too late for you to move it to later in the year? This really feels out of the blue and you're the second person on the team to do something like this. Is it possible there's another effect with the anomaly? I understand you played a large role in recent translation efforts. Could you submit for a cognitohazard test? Sorry if this is a lot but this has caught me off guard and is really throwing a wrench in our research.

Thanks,

*Campbell.*

Following the exchange of these emails, Doctor O'Connor and Researcher Falls were tested for cognitohazardous effects. These tests returned negative.

@@ @@

</details>

**Design:** A man holding a scroll.

**Length:** 73 minutes

**Voice:** Mature Masculine

When visitors come to us, they may offer you texts.

Written accounts of how the world works.

Do not accept these.

The texts hold lies, altered with time.

Stories of beings beyond us.

Tales telling us how we should live.

Who we may be.

Writing spits in the face of being.

Mimicking us.

To speak and be heard is to live.

To live is to be heard, eternal.

The texts can burn.

Rot, tear.

The texts can be changed.

Warped to serve their reader.

The voice persists.

**Design:** A woman looking into the distance.

**Length:** 92 minutes

**Voice:** Mature Feminine

For when your end is in your sights.

You may have settled your memory in a tomb.

Awaiting our Ódáinsakr.

Wait no more.

Our eternity is complete.

Where gusts blow strong.

Where clouds are at our fingertips.

Head to the summit.

Feel the wind on your neck as you wander.

Beneath the earth we will lay.

Endless.

Join our cacophony.

Speak your truth.

Become forever.

@@ @@

Following the translation of the third SCP-9343-2 instance, efforts were diverted to locating "Ódáinsakr". After extensive searching, a hollow region was discovered underground, near the peak of Mount WhernsideA mountain located in Yorkshire, the tallest of a set of mountains known as "The Three Peaks".. This space has been designated SCP-9343-1-α.

After locating and excavating an entrance, MTF Zeta-9 ("Mole Rats") Fireteam "VERSE" were dispatched to explore the space. Each member was provided translation equipment with a direct connection to Cacophony.aic. Additionally, all members were equipped with soundproof headgear with built in radio communication, in order to prevent producing new instances of SCP-9343-2.

**Exploration Log: SCP-9343-1-α**

---

*VERSE-1* - Agent Gantsev

*VERSE-2* - Agent Beard

*VERSE-3* - Agent McCrary

*<Begin Log>*

**VERSE-3:** Everyone's translator working?

**VERSE-1:** Pretty sure. Yours good, 2?

**VERSE-2:** Affirmative.

**COMMAND:** Be wary of any movement inside. We have reason to believe there may be something living in there.

**VERSE-1:** Copy.

*<Members of VERSE begin descending into SCP-9343-1-α, lowering into a staircase. Each member activates their head-mounted lights.>*

*<SCP-9343-2 instances can be heard in the distance. They do not appear to be repeating.>*

**VERSE-3:** Voices ahead. Advise.

**COMMAND:** Proceed with caution.

*<They reach the bottom of the staircase, the space opening to reveal a small village. No movement is visible. A large monument can be seen at the end of the cavern, protruding from the ground and reaching the ceiling. Throughout the area, SCP-9343-2 instances are heard, seemingly in dialogue with one another.>*

**VERSE-1:** Hey! Anyone there?

*<Instances do not acknowledge members of VERSE.>*

**VERSE-2:** Is this what you were expecting, command?

**COMMAND:** Negative. Behaviour does not match previous specimen. Proceed into one of the buildings.

*<VERSE-1 and VERSE-3 enter a small cottage building as VERSE-2 stands guard. Inside, the rooms are bare. Furniture matches that of 12th century England. Rooms are covered in dust and littered with cobwebs, but appear undisturbed. Atop the dining table are multiple plates of rotten food. Two instances of SCP-9343-2 appear to be conversing in the kitchen space. These instances have been labelled SCP-9343-2-A and SCP-9343-2-B.>*

**SCP-9343-2-A:** Ma, how long until tea?

**SCP-9343-2-B:** It won't be ready for a while. Go play out for a bit. I will shout you when it's ready.

*<SCP-9343-2-A is heard shouting from the front entrance, before joining a group of other SCP-9343-2 instances.>*

**VERSE-1:** Was that a kid?

**VERSE-2:** I think so. Seems to be a group of them talking out here.

**VERSE-3:** Well, besides the voices, this place seems empty. Doesn't look like anyone's lived here for a while.

**COMMAND:** Noted. Please head to the structure in the distance.

**VERSE-2:** Copy that.

*<Members of VERSE make their way through the settlement, checking buildings as they pass them. Eventually they reach a building resembling a church, with a single shattered window. A child-like instance of SCP-9343-2 is heard weeping outside.>*

**SCP-9343-2-C:** I'm sorry! I didn't mean to break it! Please let them come back. Please!

**VERSE-1:** No instances inside the church.

**VERSE-2:** Didn't the brief say the voices disappeared when the structure broke?

**VERSE-1:** Jesus.

*<VERSE proceed towards the monument, cutting through an alley. As they pass through, two SCP-9343-2 instances appear.>*

**SCP-9343-2-D:** Boo!

**VERSE-3:** Fuck my life! I thought they couldn't-

**SCP-9343-2-E:** (*yelping*) I told you to stop doing that!

*<VERSE-1 and -2 begin laughing at VERSE-3>*

**VERSE-2:** Command, advise. VERSE-3 is scared of the dark.

**VERSE-3:** Fuck you guys.

**COMMAND:** The monument is just ahead. Please proceed.

*<VERSE-3 heads forwards, leaving -1 and -2 to trail behind. Next to the monument, an instance of SCP-9343-1 resembling a statue of the same woman looking into the distance stands. Upon members of VERSE approaching, an instance of SCP-9343-2 manifests. This instance has been labelled SCP-9343-2-α.>*

**SCP-9343-2-α:** Behold mortal. You stand before our Ódáinsakr. Our eternity. Speak your truth to it. Find what you deserve and snatch it. Feel yourself carried through the world. Your memory infinite. Become immortal. Become always.

*<SCP-9343-2-α then began repeating this for the duration of the log.>*

**COMMAND:** Get a closer look at the monument.

*<VERSE-2 approaches the monument. It appears to be made out of limestone, with the sides smoothed apart from a small hole 178 centimetres from the ground.>*

**VERSE-2:** This good?

**VERSE-3:** What's with the hole?

*<VERSE-3 momentarily covers the hole with his finger. At the same moment, Foundation personnel outside of SCP-9343-1-α noticed the strong wind had stopped. This effect ceased upon the removal of VERSE-3's finger.>*

**COMMAND:** Issue up top. Head outside.

**VERSE-1:** Copy.

*<End Log>*

<details>
<summary>Open Attached Document</summary>

**To:** Lead Researcher Campbell, Director Littlewood

**From:** Agent McCrary 

**Subject:** Transfer

---

I'd like to request a transfer. The statue in that place the other day really helped me to realise that I don't need to take this shit from the other two. If you check the logs from that expedition, they were unprofessional and rude to me, laughing at me when I was in distress. I'd like to move over to a different squad, I don't care which one. Maybe to Sigma-88, I've worked with some of those guys in the past. I can't keep dealing with this from them.

*Agent McCrary, Zeta-9, "Mole Rats"*

@@ @@

**To:** Director Littlewood

**From:** Lead Researcher Campbell

**Subject:** Re:Raise

---

This is starting to get ridiculous. This is the third instance of something like this happening to someone after encountering SCP-9343. I understand that the tests for cognitohazards returned negative on both the anomaly and the individuals I flagged but I'm telling you something is wrong. People don't just suddenly make big decisions like this. 

*Thanks, Campbell.*

@@ @@

</details>

@@ @@

**Addendum: SCP-9343-3**

Further investigation into SCP-9343-1-α has revealed covering the monument inside results in the cessation of all wind within a 50 mile radius of the structure. Additionally, SCP-9343-1-α has proven structural unstable, with buildings inside having had sections damaged from previous explorations. Due to the risks associated, testing on SCP-9343-1-α has been put on hold to preserve the effects of the structure. Testing on SCP-9343-2 instances discovered inside of SCP-9343-1-α has determined they begin to repeat every 24 hours.

Following the exploration of SCP-9343-1-α, audio testing revealed instances of SCP-9343-2 present in wind throughout northern Britain. Instances appear to have different words spoken by different voices to produce complete sentences. This phenomenon has been designated SCP-9343-3. An excerpt from a recording of this is attached below.

As the sun sets on another kingdom, we remain.

As others call this land home, we remain.

To live is to fight to persist.

To find place in this world.

We have found ours.

Speaking to those alone with their thoughts.

Sharing the joy of us.

You did not find us.

We were never really gone.

Find your eternity.

Below is an email released by the former lead researcher on SCP-9343 following the discovery of SCP-9343-3.

<details>
<summary>Open Attached Document</summary>

---

**To:** SCP-9343 Team, Director Littlewood

**From:** Lead Researcher Campbell

**Subject:** Resignation.

---

Hello everybody.

You've all read the subject. This email isn't intended to garner sympathy or have you all convince me to stay. I wouldn't try that on you, you're all clever people. My time in this position has made that very clear. I simply felt I should tell you all why.

This job has never been my passion. Don't get me wrong, I've enjoyed my time here, but I'm a people person. I want to be able to spend time with the people I love and build a community. You don't really get any of that here. You sit at a desk, write paperwork and figure out if the talking shark knows we understand it (for those not acquainted with that anomaly, it didn't). I was content with this for a while.

I'd always told myself this was just a stepping stone, and one day I'd leave and do what I loved. Before I knew it, 15 years had gone by. And what did I have to show for it? A couple commendations and the word senior before my name. I thought I'd blew it. 

But then SCP-9343 fell onto my desk. I wasn't thrilled, mind you. The last couple projects I'd lead hadn't exactly gone well. But this one was different. Research was progressing, we were making more and more discoveries and it wasn't another hoax by a particularly driven teenager. I still wasn't doing what I loved, but at least it was getting interesting. A whole undocumented people! A whole culture nobody alive knew anything about.

Eventually, we found SCP-9343-1-α and discovered SCP-9343-3. Obviously, I'd noticed a few members of the team being affected by the anomaly prior, but that happens with a lot of stuff round here. And we tested it for cognitohazards. I just wrote it off as people being emotional. But, when we were wrapping up the stuff on top of that mountain, I swear to god it spoke to me specifically. And it told me what I needed to hear.

I'm going to do what I've always wanted. And that starts with bidding farewell to this place. I'm going to go start fresh. I regret staying as long as I did. Maybe I'll work in a school or run for mayor of a small town, but I need to do something new. Because I think it was right.

We all need to find our eternity.

Thanks, 

*Campbell.*

Following the release of this email, Senior Researcher Campbell was amnesticised and discharged from the Foundation. No signs of cognitohazardous interference were detected.

</details>

**Update: 3/9/25**

Recent testing suggests the presence of SCP-9343-3 in wind throughout the continent of Europe, with instances discovered in Germany, Serbia and Finland. Investigations are ongoing.

<< [SCP-9342](SCP-9342) | SCP-9343 | ~~[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9344 Cain's Proposal - Ethylene]~~ >>

> **Name:** St Celynnin church - geograph.org.uk - 197112.jpg

> **Author:** Terry Hughes

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/St_Celynnin_church_-_geograph.org.uk_-_197112.jpg

> **Name:** Hardham church, interior.jpg

> **Author:** Michael Coppins

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hardham_church%2C_interior.jpg

> **Name:** French - Head of an Old Testament King - Walters 2721.jpg

> **Author:** Henry Walters

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:French_-_Head_of_an_Old_Testament_King_-_Walters_2721.jpg
