**Item #:** SCP-9076

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9076 is stored within the active research and production wing of Site-23. A capture system has been installed within the reliquary to harvest the enzymes produced by the object for usage in synthesizing SCP-9076-A.

SCP-9076-A is approved for field usage in doses of up to 150 mg per day, for a maximum of up to 5 days consecutively before a required detox period of one week.

**Description:** SCP-9076 is the preserved amygdala of an adult human brain contained within a small bronze reliquary, allegedly that of Saint Gereon of Cologne.A Roman-Catholic saint martyred in the early 4th century. Gereon and his followers were massacred for refusing Emperor Maximian's orders to make sacrifices to several pagan gods in order to ensure military victory. As a saint, Gereon is invoked to protect soldiers and protect against migraines. While the specific origin of SCP-9076 cannot be confirmed, the object demonstrates Akiva Radiation levels consistent with that of confirmed relics of catholic saints, and carbon dating indicates the object originates from circa 307 A.D.

If at any time SCP-9076 is present within the legal borders of the same nation as any demonic entity or persons who worship such, it will begin to anomalously excrete a unique enzyme at a rate of 2-6 ml per minute. The processed version of this enzyme is referred to as SCP-9076-A.

SCP-9076-A is a parapharmaceutical compound that, when administered intravenously to a human subject, temporarily increases the subject's resistance to harmful effects of demonic or thaumaturgic origin. The potency of SCP-9076's effects increases relative to both the size and regularity of the applied dosage, progressing through several distinct stages. If at any time the subject performs actions theyThe triggering parameters are entirely dependent on the individual. deem as amoral while under the effects of SCP-9076-A, the effects immediately cease.

| Stage |  | Dosage |  |  | Effects |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| = 1 |  | 25-50 mg, single dose |  |  | Subject displays Akiva Radiation levels with a 22% increase from baseline. Subject becomes immune to bodily possession and other compulsion effects from affected sources. |
| = 2 |  | 60-85 mg, single dose |  |  | Subject displays Akiva Radiation levels with a 31% increase from baseline. In addition to previous effects, subject can visibly perceive the presence of demonic entities and any effects originating from them. |
| = 3 |  | 100-120 mg, single dose |  |  | Subject displays Akiva Radiation levels with a 60% increase from baseline. In addition to previous effects, physical contact with the subject has a deleterious effect on demonic entities comparable to 0.925 grade sterling silver. |
SCP-9076-A has been proven to be non-addictive. However, usage at stage 3 and beyond has been observed to frequently trigger a pleasure response. Research indicates that the response is psychological in nature rather than neurological, due to the absence of the requisite chemicals to elicit the release of dopamine and other pleasure-signaling compounds in SCP-9076-A.

| Stage |  | Dosage |  |  | Effects |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| = 4 |  | 100-120 mg per day for 3-6 days |  |  | Subject displays Akiva Radiation levels with a 104% increase from baseline. In addition to previous effects, the subject develops mildly enhanced mental and physical capabilities and can detect spoken falsehoods. |
| = 5 |  | 140-170 mg per day for 5-8 days |  |  | Subject displays Akiva Radiation levels with a 172% increase from baseline. In addition to previous effects, the subject develops mild regenerative properties. The regenerative effect is noted to be over four times as potent when restoring nervous tissue. |
 @@ @@

**Addendum 1:** On 11/08/2002, six field agents equipped with several pre-prepared doses of SCP-9076-A to aid in the recontainment of SCP-████ were struck by a rockslide in Wādī Bīmah gorge, Oman. The only survivor of the rockslide was Agent Bottin, who was trapped in the gorge with an unknown number of hostile demonic entities. During this time, Bottin utilized the team's supplies of SCP-9076-A in order to survive, applying dosages significantly in excess of the maximum tested at the time.

Agent Bottin's remains were discovered on 12/04/2002, emanating Akiva Radiation at a level consistent with that of SCP-9076. The following notes were found on the body, and are currently under analysis to identify the progression of symptoms caused by excessive SCP-9076-A usage.

> Everyone else is gone. No idea where ████ is. Total mission failure.

> I'm definitely going to die here. Might as well make it count, try and get something out of this whole ordeal.

> Managed to take down a couple stragglers. Don't have the firepower to challenge big groups.

> Still, two less to go ruin some poor soul's day.

> Five down. Avenged the others, I guess. Rest well.

> Hit stage 5, the healing is really helping. And there's a lot left, I can maintain this level for another week or so.

> 

> I still have work to do.

> Stumbled into a huge group of them, shouldn't have made it out. I took all that I had, figured I was gonna die anyways.

> 

> My vision's a lot clearer now, above baseline. Everything seems beautiful. Gave me a headache, though.

> 

> I hope there is some mercy for them all, somewhere.

> Seeing more, thinking more. The headache became a migraine, but it broke through and now the pressure's gone. Still a little shaky from it, handwriting might suffer.

> Laying low until it heals. Could try to leave, but there's still work to be done here.

> Broke through and kept going, growing around. Saw myself in a pool of water. It doesn't hurt to touch it, the ends are almost together.

> 

> Stay calm and fight the good fight.

> Six men died here.

> 

> There's no darkness anymore, not around me.

> I don't need the syringes anymore.

> the ends meet, the loop is complete.

> so clear

> my thoughts like an army strengthening each other

> Theyve started to run from what comes for them

> 

> almost done here.

> this land is pure again, but theres more.

> have my halo, need my w ings, leave the rest

> 

> glory@@ @@ isa chemical and GOD is the overdose,

> 

> im goign to be @@  @@an angel

When Bottin's headless remains were uncovered, there were no demonic entities in the gorge. The surrounding area was searched, but no traces of the entities were found. Civilians reported seeing a glowing object an estimated 20 cm across moving through the sky five days before the remains were uncovered. One eyewitness described the object as having "stringy wings, like a jellyfish".

<< [SCP-9075](SCP-9075) | SCP-9076| [SCP-9077](SCP-9077) >>
