**Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-9538 is to be contained within a reinforced bombproof storage case housed in Secure Locker 77-31 at Site-77. The containment case must include polyurethane cushioning and a minimum of six standardized caps composed of Armstrong's mixture stored alongside SCP-9538 ~~for testing~~.

SCP-9538 is not to be discharged outside of approved ~~testing~~ environments under any circumstances.

~~All testing chambers must be equipped with multi-angle surveillance systems due to the unpredictable nature of SCP-9538’s anomalous effects.~~

~~No testing involving SCP-9538 is permitted without prior authorization from head researcher Dr Langley.~~

A small pressure sensor (1.2mm diameter) is embedded within the plastic barrel, linked to an internal data logger. In the case of a breach, the sensor continues to record discharge for post-recovery analysis.

**Description:**

SCP-9538 is a commercially manufactured gray toy cap gun with an orange safety tip measuring 1 cm in diameter. The internal components of SCP-9538 seem to be visually identical to that of a regular cap gun, however the hammer is made up of an undetermined material, investigation into what the hammer is made up of is ongoing.

Upon discharge, whatever SCP-9538 is aimed at will transform, usually into something without the core concept of the object such as a chainsaw with no engine, a book with all blank pages.Further testing found these results, note this was prior to testing suspension. A knife with no blade, a USB 3.0 drive with no interface, a camera with no sensor. This effect is seemingly directly linked to the hammer; as removing the hammer from SCP-9538 nullifies the anomaly entirely.

Inorganic matter and organic matter seem to behave in the same way when SCP-9538 is discharged, in that when SCP-9538 is fired upon any object, it strips away what gives that object an identity, especially on human subjects. However, these results are inconsistent shown by what happens to floorboards.See Discovery Log: SCP-9538.

Discovery Log: SCP-9538

SCP-9538 was recovered after receiving a report of an individual discharging a cap gun at his friend, after which the target began exhibiting acute identity loss and disorientation, which was intercepted by TMO personnel, the call was located within a residential structure in southern Italy. Mobile Task Force Psi-7 "Home Improvement" was deployed from Site-77 to investigate the report posing as local law enforcement.

During the operation, a Psi-7 operative discovered SCP-9538 in a closet under some clothing. Due to the cap gun's small handle, the operative mistakenly squeezed the trigger toward a floorboard, upon discharge, the flooring beneath the operative was moved from its original location to seemingly attached to the roof without debris or structural fragmentation.

The object was secured shortly thereafter and transferred to Site-77 for containment and analysis.

Interview Log SCP-9538-1

Interviewed: ████████ █████████ Psi-7

Interviewer: Head Researcher of SCP-9538; Dr Langley

Foreword: Conducted following initial containment of SCP-9538.

Dr Langley: State your name and unit designation.

Psi-7 Operative: ████████ █████████ Psi-7.

Dr Langley: Describe first contact with SCP-9538.

Psi-7 Operative: I was dispatched to a residence in southern Italy on 2017/01/09. Reports indicated a cap gun altering someone's memories. During a sweep of the structure, I located the object inside of a closet under some clothing. However, because the handle was so damn small my finger crowded the guard and caused the gun to discharge towards the floorboards.

Dr Langley: And upon firing?

Psi-7 Operative: The floorboards under me just... phased into the ceiling or something, and they seemed to be attached to it as if the floorboards were always there.

Dr Langley: This has been some valuable data, thank you for your time Mr █████████.

                                                                   <<LOG END>>

Test Log SCP-9538-A

Subject: D-6458

Procedure: SCP-9538 discharged at D-Class personnel who was dosed with Class-Z mnestics, aimed at the forehead.

Result: The test subject seemed to be clueless about his identity, subject's exact words were "Where am I?", after he was told he is in a testing chamber reviewing the effect of SCP-9538 on humans and if he is in any physical pain, the D-Class said "I feel fine.. w-who am I? What is SCP-9538?"

Further testing displays full coherence in sentence structuring, and motor function. However, the subject has lost his previous personality, and all memories prior to the test despite using Class-Z mnestics. In better news, the subject has not died to a seizure as per usual for subjects having taken Class-Z mnestics within a few hours.

Upon discovery of this effect by the ██ █████ they proposed to use it as a device to "generate completely compliant personnel for assignment to Mobile Task Force Alpha-1."The O5 Council's personal task force, typically without much free will. however this idea was promptly denied by the Ethics Committee.

                                                                   <<LOG END>>

Test Log SCP-9538-B

Subject: Standard wooden chair

Procedure: SCP-9538 discharged at stationary chair with a tracking device attached to the seat.

Result: The seat panThe part of a chair that is sat on. vanished, no further abnormalities were observed.

                                                                   <<LOG END>>

Test Log SCP-9538-C

Subject: M16 Rifle

Procedure: SCP-9538 discharged at the rifle, aiming in the centre.

Result: the firing mechanism was removed upon further observation, and the round stored in the chamber had its gunpowder removed.

Incident Log SCP-9538-D

During an attempted acquisition operation by personnel affiliated with the Chaos Insurgency, SCP-9538 was discharged multiple times likely under the assumption of high-yield offensive capability, although this is not a confirmed motive.

Recorded outcomes include:

* Removal of ballistic vest plating from personnel

* Disappearance of gunpowder from rounds stored in magazines Said magazines were stored in the magazine slot of foundation weaponry.

* No observed harm to personnel beyond equipment loss due to vests preventing effects from reaching personnel

Following engagement, Chaos Insurgency operatives were observed retreating after SCP-9538 seemingly to them was only thought to be a regular cap gun due to their distance away from security department personnel which was estimated to be 15-25 metres.

Foundation retrieval teams recovered SCP-9538 shortly thereafter.

                                                                   <<LOG END>>

Addendum SCP-9538-E:

**Further testing has been suspended** under orders of the Ethics Committee due to the anomalous effects SCP-9538 causes to humans, and investigation into what causes the inconsistencies between objects.

<details>
<summary><<CONFIDENTIAL ETHICS COMMITTEE LOGS, LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE REQUIRED>></summary>

<<Addendum SCP-9538-F: Incoming message>>

| **SYSTEM NOTICE: ETHICS COMMITTEE MESSAGE INCOMING** |
| --- |
| **LOGGED BY:** | Ethics Committee Internal Affairs (EC-IA) |
| **NOTICE:** | Files related to this item have been detected in archival records in relation to the creation of Alpha-1 personnel using SCP-9538. |
**MEMORANDUM FROM:** The Ethics Committee Internal Affairs

**TO:** O5-8 "The Newbie"

**SUBJECT:** Project "Clean Slate"

The Ethics Committee has intercepted the hidden directory containing deployment logs of Alpha-1 operatives conditioned via SCP-9538.

Your previous request was denied for a reason, attempting to hide your corruption behind abandoned file directories does not stop our automatic detection systems from flagging suspicious activity. Stop this blatant abuse of SCP-9538's amnestic capabilities and if you do not cease operation of this project, we will force the law's hand on you.

</details>

<<[SCP-9537](SCP-9537) | SCP-9538 | [SCP-9539](SCP-9539)>>
