**Item #:** SCP-9773

**Object Class:** Pieta

**Special Containment Procedures:** Stored in Site-19 Armory, Wing H2, Corridor 34-Q, Compartment 004610. Item approved for field use by Site Conclave. Whilst attempts to enhance agent performance have yielded suboptimal efficacy, item has proved particularly suited for use on third parties during infiltration and false flag operations. 

**Description:** Object recovered in 1984 from the estate of Earl Bruce (Brentwood, Los Angeles). Bruce was a popular American actor famed for his performance in Western films and for playing the lead role in "BLOODSPORT", a detective procedural airing on NBC between 1972 and 1979. Bruce was active in local politics, standing as a candidate in the 1977 mayoral elections. Additionally, he was a collector of antiquities — believed this is how he came into possession of SCP-9773.

Object is a statuette composed of an unknown alloy, approximately 26cm in height, depicting an emaciated, winged humanoid with exaggerated facial features. Two red, vitreous jewels are inlaid into the  eyesockets.

Operated via a switch inset in the vertebral column. Red light momentarily emits from object's eyes upon activation. Mammals observing said light experience extreme cognitive degradation. Subjects enter a state of uncontrollable rage, enacting violence on the surrounding environment with extreme prejudice. Condition is irreversible and will persist until death. If subjects are not terminated they will  commence self-mutilation when no other living targets are accessible. 

Prior to his death, Bruce was suspected by the Los Angeles Police Department of organising an illegal gambling ring,  which they erroneously believed centred around dog fighting.

<< [SCP-9772](SCP-9772) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9774](SCP-9774) >>
