:root {

  --accentColor: 25, 12, 6;

  --darkColor: 220, 215, 189;

}

:root {

     --header-title: "Site-196";

     --header-subtitle: "Department of Methodology.";

}

@@ @@

#### The following documentation may have been reviewed by Site-196's Semiosis Assurance Division:

@@ @@

# SCP-9541

@@ @@

##### It is a preliminary or final finding of this committee that this iteration is ##608018|MOSTLY COMPLETE##, and contains enough information to possibly serve the purposes of continued containment. This document may contain:

@@ @@

• Allusory Language

• Contradictory Language

• Ambiguous or Nondescriptive Language

• Anti-Cognitohazardous Language

@@ @@

## IN ADDITION:

This document SCP-9541  might be in conceptual association with a collectively understood extant constituent that shouldn't be understood as being described, commented on, or defined by this document.

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Some Containment Procedures:** Upon introduction to an environment In a standard model of matter typically taught and propagated in grade schools, the Liquid Stage is indicated as a state in which matter has a fixed volume, but an amorphous shape. It can be best understood to assume the shape of whatever container it is constrained by. , ambiguity can be observed at all times. Linguistic information can be avoided, or conveyed in a manner that might be vague. Revising a document beyond ambiguity or excessively concrete descriptions may result in more easily understood information being conveyed. Many documents stored at or near Site-196 or similar installations may undergo similar linguistic obfuscations. Investigations inc. experimentation, which may or may not be conducted, and may have been conducted.  or inquiries into more easily understood information inferred to be related to a document similar to this one are recommended to be avoided. Written statements can be vague, circular, contradicting, verbose, or hyperlexic A condition/characteristic present in some children diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder. Superficially presents as highly advanced reading ability for the subject's age, however, the disorder is associated with impairment in understanding and receiving linguistic meaning. Subjects may display acute interest in letters and written symbols, however, their ability to understand the meaning conveyed by texts of fixation is diminished or entirely absent altogether.  . 

There might be a physical occupying body associated with information generally understood to be covered by documents like this, in which case, there are many options that are typically afforded to deal with aforementioned physical bodies or objects, such as units In conjunction with Regulation 201.d, which established uniform guidelines for the creation and systematization of containment units intended primarily for human and humanoid anomalies necessitating containment. Directive to circumvent and mitigate perceptions of preferential treatment by certain aforementioned humanoids generally understood as being perceptive to such irregularity of rules and rule enforcement. colloquially identified as being used to store humanoid or human objects, people, or items not generally adhering to rules that may govern physics. In situations where one is physically near the wing of Site-196 known to be where a humanoid division would be, one might not attempt to perceive or view any objects or entities constituting the generally understood conclusions of documentation similar to documents like this one. In maintaining ambiguity, it can be argued that direct perception in post-perception thought processes could constitute substandard linguistic handling The application of Selective Thought Blockers may prove useful for personnel struggling with linguistic guidelines. , and therefore, circumventing the measures you would hope to achieve in documents generally understood to serve the purpose of documents like this one. 

Staff can generally fail by these guidelines, and can also end up requiring alternative means of employment or experiencing of processes associated with existence. Future outcomes could be predicted, or never ruminated on. Personnel might ignore the requests for further paternal substitution.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9540](SCP-9540) | SCP-9541 | [SCP-9542](SCP-9542) >>

]

> **Filename:** Niina

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9541)

> **Additional Notes:** Face was pixelated and black bars were added.

> **Derivative Of:**

> 

> **Name:** Vietnamkrieg Bootsflüchtling 1980

> **Author:** Benjamin Gimmel

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Vietnamkrieg_Bootsfl%C3%BCchtling_1980.jpg?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=yandexsmartcamera)
