:root {

    --five-color: 196, 196, 196;

    --four-color: 235, 235, 235;

    --three-color: 211, 211, 211;

    --two-color: 189, 189, 189;

    --one-color: 107, 107, 107;

}

====

=====

[dumbcon](dumbcon) >> SCP-9967

**SCP-9967 : Six-Seven Meme** by 

For the rest of my work, visit [mxsinister's corner office.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/mxsinister-author )

@@ @@

]

]

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9967 is to be stored in the Site-90 Reliquary under the purview of the Art and Artifacts Department. SCP-9967 is to remain covered with acid-free cloth and kept in an electronically locked box. Exposure to SCP-9967 is prohibited to personnel who score <67 on Levi-Bussard examinations. A standard index for measuring an individual's resistance to memetic hazards. 

**Description:** SCP-9967 is a 30 x 26.7 cm painting, the back of which is signed "PoI-6770". See Addendum 9967.01.  The painting itself exhibits memetic properties, as viewing SCP-9967 triggers a severe form of dyscalculia in the observer, Hereafter referred to as SCP-9967-1.  eliminating their ability to understand mathematics and practice number sense. 

Brain scans of SCP-9967-1 before, during, and after exposure to SCP-9967 show the rapid development of acute abnormalities in the parietal cortex, particularly the intraparietal sulcus, which occur immediately upon viewing SCP-9967. Attempts to treat SCP-9967-1 with traditional forms of instruction and therapy have been unsuccessful. 

Instances of SCP-9967-1 exhibit no comprehension of numerical values, with the exception of finding the digits 6 and 7 to be inexplicably comedic when placed next to each other. There is no consensus among SCP-9967-1 instances as to the significance of these numbers, if they believe any significance exists.

**Edit:** Forensic analysis has determined that the Iron Gall ink used for the signature is identical to that of a fountain pen classified as [SCP-067](SCP-067), which disappeared from Foundation custody in April 2021.

**Discovery:** In early 2025, Vernon J. Cooper—CEO of Bluerock Capital Management—commissioned PoI-6770 for a personal painting. The specifics of the original request are unknown, but the Foundation was alerted to the existence of SCP-9967 on 06/09/2025, when the Telecommunications Monitoring Office intercepted the following call between Cooper and Jacob H. Rivers, his accountant.

# Call Log 9967.01

**Date:** 06/09/2025

**Time:** 16:40

---

**<Begin Log>**

**Cooper:** Rivers, I can't read.

**Rivers:** Huh? What the hell are you on?

**Cooper:** Nothing! I swear it. I just...God, I opened up this painting I had done by some punk-ass artist, and I take one look at it and I—Jesus...

**Rivers:** Why'd you call me? Don't see how I'm responsible for your awful taste in art.

**Cooper:** It's a *store of value—* No, damnit, that's not the point. You don't appreciate it anyway. But the deal is, I'm looking at a balance sheet, and it means jack shit to me. Can't make heads or tails of it. 

*<Rivers sighs in exasperation.>* 

**Rivers:** I don't know—have you tried putting on your glasses?

**Cooper:** Fuck you. You're fired.

**Rivers:** Pfft, yeah, cause you're gonna have such an easy time balancing your own books after this. Can you get a refund?

**Cooper:** I don't even know how much I paid. The numbers don't mean anything.

**Rivers:** Okay, I get it. Let me look, just give me a second. When'd you pay the guy?

**Cooper:** Should have been just today. One of those magic-type commission contracts, you know? Charge hits by itself the second I get my hands on the delivery.

*<Silence for fifty-one seconds. Typing can be heard in the background.>* 

**Rivers:** Says you paid sixty-seven thousand. 

*<Cooper begins to laugh uncontrollably.>*

**Rivers:** Is something funny, or are you just coping?

*<Cooper continues laughing for eight seconds.>*

**Cooper:** Six-seven!

**Rivers:** The hell...?

*<Cooper continues laughing. Rivers groans.>*

**Cooper:** Six-seven! Haha—*Fuck,* it's not even funny—

*<Cooper continues laughing for three seconds.>*

**Rivers:** I'm hanging up. 

**<End log.>**

Members of MTF Eta-10 ("See No Evil") retrieved SCP-9967 from Cooper's residence that evening. Rivers was amnesticized, while Cooper was brought into Foundation custody for examination and attempted treatment. 

Interviews confirmed the properties described above, as did customary D-Class tests. As such, these documents were omitted from this file for brevity.  After two days in Foundation custody, Cooper was amnesticized and led to believe his dyscalculia was the result of a stroke, which the Foundation induced for plausibility.

**Addendum 9967.01**

### PoI-6770 INFORMATION FILE.

---

@@@@ @@@@

**Real name:** Ezaiah Jackson

**Date of birth:** June 7, 1999

**Sex:** Male.

**Background:** Subject Ezaiah Jackson has been an active anartist since 2015 and a verified affiliate of the organization "Are We Cool Yet?" (AWCY?) since 2022, primarily operating out of FP-02 Backdoor SoHo.  and surrounding scenes. 

PoI-6770's early work contains elements of Recreationism Interested in shaping pre-existing reality according to their will, not necessarily toward a greater end; rather, with the intention of permanent alteration.  and Deconstructionism, Interested in acting to destroy facets of pre-existing reality, without providing replacement. with evidence indicating involvement and frequent collaboration with other anartists in his area. 

However, since late 2023, PoI-6770 has become increasingly isolated, professionally and creatively. While much of the subject's work—primarily visually memetic in medium—exhibits elements of Dadaist Reconstructionism Uninterested in coherence in their causes or methods, outside of pursuing nonsensical, arbitrary goals, usually centered on the whims of an individual artist. , PoI-6770 has openly expressed varying degrees of contempt for established schools of anart. *A Study of Anomalous Art, from the Paleolithic to the Present.* [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/a-study-of-anomalous-art Morel, Hannah.]  

In recent years, PoI-6770's work has adopted more postmodern influences, characterized by a skepticism toward grand narratives, objective truth, and universal systems—instead embracing irony, subjectivity, individual interpretation, and deconstruction of cultural norms. PoI-6770's work has been highly divisive among AWCY? artists, despite—or perhaps, because of—its appearance in the 2024 "Sommes-Nous Devenus Magnifiques?" A grand exhibition held every ten years since 1874, at which AWCY? artists can gather to view and scrutinize a selection of anomalous art produced over the previous decade. 

Despite the subject's apparent anti-establishment attitude and rejection of artistic institutions, PoI-6770's work has repeatedly appeared in various upscale galleries and exhibitions. PoI-6770 has also taken several commissions from wealthy clients, though frequently without goodwill or intentions toward such customers. It should be noted that following the acquisition of SCP-9967 by Vernon J. Cooper, Marshall, Carter & Dark Ltd. An anomalous goods and service provider known to frequently deal in art.  issued warnings to their clients regarding PoI-6770's commissions. MC&D blacklisted all sales of the subject's work and threatened to extend this proscription to any artist affiliated with PoI-6770. 

This commination is believed to have driven PoI-6770 into hiding due to the subject's safety concerns, in addition to further isolating the subject from the anartistic community as a whole, particularly in and around New York. Nevertheless, PoI-6770 continues to create and distribute anart, and maintains positive relations and correspondence with the current Critic. An appointed position that determines the overall vision, mission, and message of AWCY.

**Status:** Active.

**Addendum 9967.02**

The following document was recovered from the studio of PoI-6770.

# PROJECT PROPOSAL 2025-067

---

**Title:** *Six-Seven Meme*

**Material Requirements:**

*  Holmium-based paint

* 30 x 26.7 cm canvas (already in my possession)

* Art utensils, including sketching pencils, acrylic paint, brushes, etc. (already in my possession)

* Visual vector equations for physical and memetic mediums defining points, lines, curves, and neural pathways.

* A particular fountain pen (already in my possession)

**Abstract:** 

Do you know how many arguments I've had about whether humans invent or discover math? ~~Probably six or seven.~~ The thing is, even if mathematics is a universal truth, independent of human perception and embedded into the fabric of reality, we're still responsible for assigning value and definitions to those truths. Numbers and notations are no more inherently meaningful than spoken words; we just all agree on what means what in context. Raw figures are meaningless.

This piece suggests we dive into that epistemological doubt and abandon such notions of truth entirely and without inhibition. We've built up quite the society around such silly symbols—isn't that laughable? And you know, I've always thought we ought to laugh at ourselves and our arrogance a bit more.

**Intent:** 

Don't you know by now how much I hate filling this part out? The author's intent dies the second a piece leaves the studio. I've blabbed on enough in my abstract already.

But if you simply must know, I'll be honest, and only because it's a good story. A while back, a friend of a friend of mine got a hold of the file that the Collectors A slang term typically used by AWCY? members to refer to the Foundation. have on me. Didn't think I was important enough for such things but hey, talk about a career milestone. "PoI-6770", so they've tagged me. If there's any intent to those numbers, it's lost on me.

<< [SCP-9966](SCP-9966) | SCP-9967 | [SCP-9968](SCP-9968) >>

> **Filename:** poi-6770.jpg

> **Name:** handsome black guy - halloween

> **Author:** Tim Evanson 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/23165290@N00/7483236160
