Project level: Euclid

Special containment measures:

SCP-9238 must be locked in a heavy vacuum containment container in the Biological and Anomaly Research Area of ██. The inner layer of the container needs to be coated with a shielding layer to block the ██ field radiation. It is strictly prohibited to bring any items with quartz oscillators or precision timing devices into the containment area within a radius of ██ meters. On the 14th day of each month, the time scale inside the containment room must be manually calibrated to prevent logical collapse caused by the ████ effect. If there is an unknown time echo, the ██ cleanup plan will take immediate effect

Description:

The SCP-9238 appears as a brass stopwatch with a heavily corroded housing, whose outer ring scale has been blurred and replaced by unidentified runes in Arabic. The hands are not made of traditional metals, which are shown as ██ Translucent fluid

Abnormal effect:

1.If an individual is in the radius ██ Intra-meter exposure exceeds ██ Minutes, the hippocampus of its brain will be subjected to nonlinear interference. Patients will jump and recreate fragments of past, present and future memories. Study records show that, ██ % of subjects experienced psychological trauma with "causal inversion" after exposure

2.Severe exposure can lead to catastrophic events where "effects precede causes". Foundation ██ Records from the site show that researchers have worked at ██ Before it was created, it was ██ Physical blow caused

Appendix: SCP-9238-Omega Event Retrospective Report

Date: ████Year██Month ██ Day

Personnel involved: ███PhD, Head of Safety ████

Event Summary:

In carrying out first██During the sub-meme stability test, the monitoring equipment (which was damaged in the accident) captured an abnormal infrasound frequency. Without human intervention, the needle of SCP-7492 suddenly began to vibrate at extremely high frequencies and emit a similar ██████ The low-frequency buzz.

The surveillance video showed that all the monitors in the shelter showed a continuous ██ Seconds of "backtracking image"-the picture shows researchers cleaning up the shelter, but this cleaning action actually happens three hours later.

When ██████ After the effect subsided, an unknown appearance appeared on the interior wall of the containment room ████ Characters written by substance, translated to show: "[Data deletion] is not the end, but the reset point of the loop." Subsequently, under the floor of the containment room, ██ The support beam was found to exhibit damage ██ Years of decay, although the structure had only completed reinforcement work 24 hours earlier.

Signature: Dr_Georgetown
