=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9327

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9327 is to remain inside of its case and kept in a standard containment locker at Site 71. No attempt to play SCP-9327 is to be made ~~except when permitted for testing purposes~~ under any circumstances. As of 03/29/2013, the Ethics Committee has prohibited any and all testing involving SCP-9327. 

**Description:** SCP-9327 is a DVD disk that is deep blue in color and 12 centimeters in diameter. Its corresponding plastic case The case for SCP-9327 is non-anomalous and thus has not received any sort of designation.  is also deep blue in color and labeled "Snack Bar Simulator" on its front side in the Microsoft Comic Sans font. No producer, manufacturer, or distributor is listed anywhere on SCP-9327's case, and its origin remains unknown. SCP-9327's case additionally does not list a date of publication, and all attempts by the Foundation to date SCP-9327 have failed. There is no listed gaming console for SCP-9327 to be played on, and SCP-9327 has been verified to function on any DVD-compatible console that it can physically fit inside of. Examples include the Nintendo Wii, the Sony Playstation 2 and 3, and the Microsoft Xbox 360. DVD-compatible consoles that SCP-9327 cannot fit inside of, such as the Nintendo Gamecube, cannot play SCP-9327.

Upon attempting to play SCP-9327 in a DVD-compatible gaming console, the player will be met with a screen that displays text in the Microsoft Comic Sans font All text associated with SCP-9327, both on its case and within its UI, is in the Microsoft Comic Sans font.  reading "Select Your Difficulty". The available difficulties are "Novice", "Intermediate", and "Expert". Upon selecting a difficulty and pressing the "Play" button, the difficulty menu will instantly disappear from the perspective of all outside observers and be replaced exactly 0.1 seconds later by an uninteractable screen with text reading "Thanks for playing :)".

From the perspective of the player holding the controller that selected the "Play" button, they will be instantaneously transported to a snack bar, which has been designated SCP-9327-1, and will be unable to leave for a set duration. This duration is partly determined by the difficulty that was selected on the difficulty selection menu; "Novice" corresponds to decades spent inside of SCP-9327-1, "Intermediate" corresponds to centuries spent inside of SCP-9327-1, and "Expert" corresponds to millennia spent inside of SCP-9327-1. Neither SCP-9327 nor its case give any indication to the fact that this is the functionality of the difficulty selector. This was ascertained through testing. Within these specified ranges, the duration is seemingly random. After spending this duration inside of SCP-9327-1, the player will be instantaneously transported out of SCP-9327-1 and back into baseline reality, where only 0.1 seconds will have passed from the perspective of all outside observers.

All of SCP-9327-1's walls and windows, along with its floor, ceiling, and back door, are completely indestructible. Within SCP-9327-1, the back door that supposedly leads to the outdoors cannot open under any circumstances, and all windows are completely black and opaque. Whenever an ingredient, food item, drink, or other material Cleaning rags, trash bags, chemicals for cleaning, etc.  is depleted, it is instantly restocked through unknown means. All trash cans automatically empty when full, and all drains appear unable to be clogged even with deliberate effort. Aging is impossible within SCP-9327-1, but death remains possible; whenever death occurs within SCP-9327-1, the deceased individual will remain completely unconscious for a period of exactly 1 year before instantaneously reviving. As SCP-9327-1 does not physically exist and only exists within the perception of those trapped within it, changes made to SCP-9327-1 by one individual trapped within it only exist from the perspective of that individual, not other individuals later trapped inside of SCP-9327-1.

**Discovery:** The earliest known records of SCP-9327 originate from 03/08/2005, when SCP-9327 was reluctantly confiscated by local police in the town of [REDACTED], Wisconsin. Over the course of multiple years, SCP-9327 was transferred across various local and state institutions within Wisconsin before eventually entering the possession of the United States federal government. Authority over the use of SCP-9327 was delegated to the CIA, who planned to use it for "interrogation" purposes before swift confiscation and classification by the SCP Foundation prevented this from occuring. 

**Experiment Logs:** A total of seven experiments had been conducted with SCP-9327 before the Ethics Committee forbade further testing. All of them used AVPCRS A 2003 invention by the Department of Metaphysics allowing for the generation of footage from an individual's conscious perception, short for Audio-Visual Partial Consciousness Recording Systems  in order to ascertain the events that transpired with the D-Class subjects inside of SCP-9327-1, and their behavior after exiting SCP-9327-1 was monitored and noted when deemed noteworthy. A Nintendo Wii was used to play SCP-9327 for testing purposes.

Below are three notable experiments, with one experiment for each selectable difficulty:

**Context:** D-10429 was the test subject for the first experiment involving SCP-9327, which took place on 10/13/2008. He was tasked to select the "Novice" difficulty before selecting the "Play" button and entering SCP-9327-1, where he remained for 24 years from his perspective.

**Timeline of Events:**

**[Arrival]:** Subject appears within SCP-9327-1 near the back door. He appears to show significant confusion for approximately 20 minutes before eventually walking to SCP-9327-1's dry storage to view the available snacks. He attempts to open SCP-9327-1's back door in order to leave, but is unable to do so.

**[22 hours]:** After multiple failed attempts, subject successfully cooks a hamburger. Prior to this point, subject's sole source of food had been Lay's brand potato chips from SCP-9327-1's dry storage. After this point, approximately 72.3% of subject's meals will consist of plain, unseasoned hamburgers.

**[3 days]:** Subject grows visibly bored and begins engaging in various activities to remain entertained, including but not limited to:

* Using one of the brooms from SCP-9327-1's supply closet and swinging it as if it were a sword

* Using one of the brooms from SCP-9327-1's supply closet and swirling it with his hands as if it were a staff

* Attempting to clog SCP-9327-1's bathroom toilet with cleaning rags

 * This fails. The toilet's drain successfully absorbs all of the cleaning rags, which restock in the large plastic bag they were found in.

* Attempting to overflow all of SCP-9327-1's sinks by blocking their drains with cleaning rags

 * This succeeds, but after slipping on the ground and enduring blunt trauma to his head, subject removes the cleaning rags from the sink drains and uses a mop from the supply closet to absorb the water from the floor.

* Attempting to start a fire by placing a cleaning rag on top of SCP-9327-1's flat top grill

 * The cleaning rag successfully catches fire. After subject attempts to pick up the cleaning rag and move it to the sink in order to extinguish the fire, he is startled when the fire reaches his hand and burns it. Subject accidentally drops the burning rag onto his pants and sets them on fire. After subject extinguishes the fire with a fire extinguisher, he now has a first degree burn on his hand and multiple third degree burns across his legs.

* Taking the ingredients from the ingredient bins at SCP-9327-1's prep tables and cooking each of them in SCP-9327-1's microwave oven for varying amounts of time in order to ascertain their appearance and taste afterwards

 * After subject has done this with all of the ingredients at the prep tables, he begins doing this with snacks from the dry storage. After subject has done this with all of the snacks from the dry storage, he begins doing this with drinks from SCP-9327-1's refrigerator. After attempting to microwave a can of Coca-Cola, it catches fire; subject's attempts to extinguish the fire result in him accidentally setting himself on fire again and enduring additional third-degree burns.

**[6 years]:** Subject begins to grow bored of activities such as the ones listed above, and while he still engages in them, he additionally begins peeling the paint off of SCP-9327-1's walls with his fingernails.

**[8 years]:** After significant effort and thorough inspection, subject believes that he has successfully removed all of the paint from SCP-9327-1's walls. No further damage can be done to SCP-9327-1's walls, as they are indestructible. Subject's primary form of entertainment returns to activities such as the ones listed above.

**[11 years]:** Subject dies of a heart attack.

**[12 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject notices the decomposed ingredients and disposes of them in the trash cans; these ingredients restock once the soil has been removed from their bins. Subject makes no discernible change in his eating habits.

**[15 years]:** Subject checks behind SCP-9327-1's ice maker, which he had neglected to pay attention to prior to this point, and finds paint on the wall behind it. Subject shows visible excitement and begins to remove the paint from the wall behind the ice maker with his fingernails. Thorough evaluation of the footage generated by AVPCRS has led to the general consensus that, after removing this paint, subject had successfully removed all paint from SCP-9327-1's walls. 

**[18 years]:** After having spent 18 years inside of SCP-9327-1, subject begins to come to the conclusion that he will spend an infinite amount of time inside of SCP-9327-1. Subject begins to show signs of overwhelming distress.

**[19 years]:** Subject deliberately lights himself on fire and dies.

**[20 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject deliberately lights himself on fire and dies.

**[21 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject deliberately lights himself on fire and dies.

**[22 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject deliberately lights himself on fire and dies.

**[23 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject deliberately lights himself on fire and dies.

**[24 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Before subject can deliberately light himself on fire and die again, he is instantaneously transported out of SCP-9327-1 and back in front of the television in the testing chamber. 

**Aftermath:** After coming to the understanding that he had exited SCP-9327-1, D-10429 requested a cone of strawberry ice cream. SCP-9327-1's freezers only contain vanilla and chocolate ice cream.  D-10429's request was approved, and he was subsequently sent back to his designated quarters.

**Context:** D-21395 was the test subject for the third experiment involving SCP-9327, which took place on 07/02/2009. She was tasked to select the "Intermediate" difficulty before selecting the "Play" button and entering SCP-9327-1, where she remained for 576 years from her perspective.

**Timeline of Events:**

**[Arrival]:** Subject appears within SCP-9327-1 near the back door. She makes an attempt to familiarize herself with her surroundings as well as the available food and ingredients. She also makes multiple attempts to escape SCP-9327-1, all of which fail.

**[7 hours]:** Subject grows visibly tired and makes preparations to sleep. Subject obtains a large plastic bag of cleaning rags and empties it on the ground 3 times before shaping the pile of cleaning rags into a makeshift bed, turning off SCP-9327-1's light switch, and falling asleep inside of the pile.

**[3 days]:** Subject has successfully learned how to use all of SCP-9327's cooking equipment, including the deep fryer, flat top grill, microwave oven, toaster, and miniature oven. Subject has also familiarized herself with cutting vegetables on SCP-9327-1's prep tables. Subject's meals currently consist of basic dishes that she has taught herself how to prepare, often accompanied by alcoholic beverages such as beer from SCP-9327-1's refrigerator, which she will consistently use throughout her 576-year stay inside of SCP-9327-1 in order to maintain psychological composure.

**[16 days]:** Subject has managed to successfully prepare every dish on SCP-9327-1's menu Said menu is accessible via a paper copy found on top of a table near a window. No institution of any kind is listed as the owner of the snack bar; the top of the menu simply reads "Snack Bar Menu" in the Microsoft Comic Sans font. at least once. Subject begins to make slight variations to the menu recipes.

**[8 years]:** Subject's dishes have grown notably experimental. Examples of unusual culinary techniques used by subject at this point in time include but are not limited to:

* Using a vegetable peeler on corn dogs in order to create what subject refers to as "cornbread flakes", then proceeding to use these as toppings for salads and burgers

* Gathering the ingredients for a salad, excluding the dressing, and proceeding to sauté them on SCP-9327-1's flat top grill. After the ingredients are finished sautéing, they are placed in a to-go box and covered in a small amount of Caesar dressing in order to create what subject refers to as a "sautéd salad"

* Using a serrated knife to "dice" a hamburger patty into extremely small pieces, then tossing them onto the flat top grill to cook them, resulting what subject refers to as a "diced patty" and commonly uses in tortilla wraps

* Taking a small serving of French fries, dicing them, then mixing them in a small to-go box with mayonnaise and concluding by crumpling potato chips in her hands and sprinkling the crumbs on top of the fry-mayonnaise mixture in order to create what subject refers to as a "mini potato salad"

* Taking a Milky Way chocolate bar and using a knife to cut it into thin slices, then sprinkling said slices onto a tub of vanilla ice cream from SCP-9327-1's freezer.

 * This was observed to be subject's favorite dessert during the first 34 years of her stay inside of SCP-9327-1.

**[63 years]:** Subject has independently discovered numerous advanced cooking techniques involving the ingredients that she has in her possession. In addition, subject's cooking has grown further experimental, and she is now consuming alcohol at a significantly higher frequency than when she first entered SCP-9327-1.

**[177 years]:** Subject dies of a severe Salmonella infection after repeatedly consuming undercooked chicken. This was the result of one of her experimental dishes involving SCP-9327-1's chicken tenders; prior to her death, subject did not appear aware that the chicken used by this dish was not cooked properly. 

**[178 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject notices the decomposed ingredients and decides to gather several trash bags. Subject pokes drainage holes in them with a knife, sets them on the ground, then fills them with the soil from the ingredient bins in addition to massive quantities of vegetables. Subject then deliberately suffocates herself to death with a cleaning rag.

**[179 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject immediately walks to the trash bags and finds that all of the vegetables that she had placed inside of them have decomposed, leaving her with several trash bags filled with soil. Subject then walks to the ingredient bins, pulls out several tomato slices, squeezes the tomato seeds out of them, and proceeds to plant them inside of the soil-filled trash bags.

**[182 years]:** After numerous failures and partial successes, subject has successfully learned how to consistently grow tomato plants inside of SCP-9327-1. Subject demonstrates significant interest in this form of gardening and invests considerable time in this activity from here onwards.

**[213 years]:** Subject begins attempting to selectively breed her tomato plants.

**[346 years]:** Selective breeding on subject's tomato plants has resulted in several different strains of tomatoes that subject has been using in various manners for her increasingly experimental cooking. Some of these tomato variants differ so significantly from standard tomatoes that Foundation biologists consider them to no longer taxonomically qualify as tomatoes. An example of this is a "tomato strain" that produced small blue fruits that subject referred to as "sweet tomatoes", which were supposedly incredibly sweet compared to standard tomatoes. Subject had been using them in her desserts until the 416th year, when all of the plants producing them died due to her drunken attempts to "water" them with raspberry-flavored vodka seltzer. 

**[483 years]:** While subject still continues to prepare typical and semi-experimental dishes, a significant fraction of her dishes bear little resemblance to any known foods from any known culture.

**[576 years]:** Subject is instantaneously transported out of SCP-9327-1 and back in front of the television in the testing chamber. Before exiting SCP-9327-1, she is last seen sitting on a cooler with a partially-eaten "squishy crimson delight" One of subject's experimental dishes involving an exceptionally savory variant of tomato that has been sliced, sautéd, and seasoned with cajun seasoning. Subject named this dish while intoxicated and made no attempt to rename it once sober. to her left side while alternating between sipping on a can of Coors Beer and swirling it with her hand.

**Aftermath:** Due to D-21395's significant culinary skills accumulated from her stay inside of SCP-9327-1, the Foundation offered her a chance to have her D-class designation lifted and to be hired by the Foundation as a chef. She accepted the offer, and after undergoing Foundation-supplied alcoholism counseling and selective amnesticization of her criminal history, D-21395 was hired as a chef at Site 126. Upon learning that this took place, D-10429 requested to also be hired as a chef by the Foundation. His request was politely denied. 

**Context:** D-18726 was the test subject for the seventh and final experiment involving SCP-9327, which took place on 03/22/2013. He was tasked to select the "Expert" difficulty before selecting the "Play" button and entering SCP-9327-1, where he remained for 6,724 years from his perspective.

**Timeline of Events:**

**[Arrival]:** Subject appears within SCP-9327-1 near the back door. He immediately attempts to exit SCP-9327-1 through its back door and windows but fails. Subject then attempts to familiarize himself with his surroundings and the objects at his disposal.

**[4 days]:** Subject has made basic adaptations to life inside of SCP-9327-1. He has gained familiarity with much of SCP-9327-1's cooking equipment and is capable of preparing several basic meals for himself. He has also begun using a large unopened bag of cleaning rags as a pillow for sleeping purposes, and has discovered several different methods of remaining entertained inside of SCP-9327-1.

**[6 days]:** Subject resumes his attempts to escape SCP-9327-1, all of which fail. Examples of these attempts include but are not limited to:

* Attempting to pick the lock of SCP-9327-1's back door with a paper clip This paper clip was obtained from the menu copy inside of SCP-9327-1; it was being used to hold the menu's pages together.  in order to unlock it

 * Subject successfully picks the lock, locking SCP-9327-1's back door. After initially demonstrating verbal confusion, subject concludes that SCP-9327-1's back door was originally unlocked and that the back door's lock was not the cause of its refusal to open. Subject unlocks SCP-9327-1's back door and attempts to open it; as subject had expected, the door failed to open.

* Attempting to remove the pins from SCP-9327-1's back door hinges with a knife

 * Subject successfully removes the pins from SCP-9327-1's back door hinges. However, the back door does not fall on its own with the hinge pins removed. It also does not fall after subject applies significant force to it. Subject decides not to re-attach the hinge pins and to leave them separate from SCP-9327-1's back door.

* Attempting to pry open SCP-9327-1's windows with his hands

 * All of subject's numerous attempts fail, and subject only manages to break three of his fingernails. Upon closer inspection of SCP-9327-1's windows, subject finds that they do not possess pryable openings of any kind, only grooves resembling pryable openings.

* Attempting to break down SCP-9327-1's back door with his body weight

 * Subject fails to make any dent in SCP-9327-1's back door whatsoever, and only endures blunt trauma to his right arm as a result.

* Attempting to break one of SCP-9327-1's windows with a knife

 * Subject strikes the window with the knife several times, and the window remains fully intact and unscratched. On the 8th attempt, the knife breaks and a metal shard grazes subject's neck, leading him to cease attempting this activity. The knife restocks in the dishwashing area.

**[13 years]:** Subject begins to express verbal curiosity as to the effects of death inside of SCP-9327-1. After days of deliberation, subject gathers a large plastic bottle of grill cleaner from the dishwashing area, proceeds to drink a significant portion of it, then dies.

**[14 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject makes note of this. Subject also notes that all of the ingredients have decomposed into soil, and correctly assumes that a time period between several months and several years in length has passed since his death.

**[32 years]:** Subject begins attempting to carve and destroy one of SCP-9327-1's walls with various utensils and pieces of equipment.

**[36 years]:** Subject has only managed to remove some of the paint from the wall. The wall beneath the paint has proven impenetrable. Subject temporarily ceases this activity.

**[65 years]:** Subject begins expressing verbal curiosity regarding death inside of SCP-9327-1 again.

**[68 years]:** Subject gathers a large plastic bottle of grill cleaner from the dishwashing area and dies by drinking a portion of it.

**[69 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject gathers a large plastic bottle of grill cleaner from the dishwashing area and dies by drinking a portion of it.

**[70 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject gathers a large plastic bottle of grill cleaner from the dishwashing area and dies by drinking a portion of it.

**[71 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject makes note of what has transpired.

**[149 years]:** Subject seems to correctly believe that he will spend a finite amount of time inside of SCP-9327-1. Because of this, subject invents a strategy involving drinking grill cleaner, dying, reviving, and repeating the process, which he decides to name "grill cleaner skipping". Subject begins "grill cleaner skipping".

**[427 years]:** Subject ceases "grill cleaner skipping" after he attempts to drink more grill cleaner but proves psychologically unable to bring himself to do so. He then resumes his other activities.

**[673 years]:** Subject makes the realization that the hinge pins, being part of SCP-9327-1's indestructible back door, are themselves indestructible. With this knowledge, subject attempts to strike SCP-9327-1's back door with one of its hinge pins in an attempt to destroy it. When subject strikes the back door with the hinge pin, neither of them experience any damage whatsoever, and subject fractures the majority of the bones in his right hand.

**[732 years]:** Subject resumes "grill cleaner skipping".

**[1,281 years]:** Subject ceases "grill cleaner skipping".

**[1,624 years]:** Subject attempts to set SCP-9327-1's walls on fire in an attempt to burn it down and escape. Only the paint proves flammable; the rest of the wall remains undamaged. Due to this attempt, subject endures multiple third-degree burns across his body. All incinerated ingredients and materials restock in their original locations.

**[2,001 years]:** Subject resumes "grill cleaner skipping".

**[2,581 years]:** Subject ceases "grill cleaner skipping".

**[2,973 years]:** Subject resumes "grill cleaner skipping".

**[3,302 years]:** Subject ceases "grill cleaner skipping".

**[3,615 years]:** Subject begins banging on SCP-9327-1's back door ceaselessly for approximately 28 hours while screaming. Subject breaks both of his hands.

**[3,913 years]:** Subject resumes "grill cleaner skipping".

**[4,216 years]:** Subject ceases "grill cleaner skipping".

**[4,737 years]:** Subject resumes "grill cleaner skipping".

**[5,124 years]:** Subject ceases "grill cleaner skipping".

**[5,563 years]:** Subject resumes "grill cleaner skipping".

**[5,902 years]:** Subject ceases "grill cleaner skipping".

**[6,396 years]:** Subject resumes "grill cleaner skipping".

**[6,724 years]:** Subject instantaneously revives near the back door of SCP-9327-1. Subject turns his head to look at SCP-9327-1's back door, which is covered in blood stains. Subject then looks at the walls surrounding him, which have most of their paint burned, scraped, or otherwise taken off of them. Subject begins slowly walking to SCP-9327-1's dishwashing area, making noticeable effort to observe all of his surroundings and find details that he had not noticed prior, but fails to do so. When subject arrives at the dishwashing area, he picks up the bottle of grill cleaner and finds that the grill cleaner inside of it has restocked, and the previously near-empty bottle of grill cleaner is now full. This causes subject to begin laughing uncontrollably for several minutes before eventually ceasing and picking up the bottle of grill cleaner. Subject unscrews the bottle of grill cleaner and places its mouth against his lips, but before subject can drink the grill cleaner and resume "grill cleaner skipping", he is instantaneously transported out of SCP-9327-1 and back in front of the television in the testing chamber.

**Aftermath:** Upon seeing the "Thanks for playing :)" message that had appeared on the television screen at the exact moment that he had exited SCP-9327-1, D-18726 proceeded to sit and stare at it ceaselessly for approximately 15 minutes. After he had finished, he proceeded to aggressively throw the Wii Remote in his hand at the television screen in front of him. He then ran towards the television set and began tearing the Nintendo Wii apart with his hands until he had managed to reach SCP-9327, when he attempted to snap it in half but failed to do so. SCP-9327 is believed to be indestructible, though little testing has been done to confirm this.  D-18726 was then restrained and returned to his designated quarters.

Two days after the experiment took place, D-18726 requested total amnesticization; this request was approved. The approval of this request led to the Ethics Committee filing a request for the AVPCRS footage and experiment log involving D-18726, which they were promptly sent. After reviewing the materials that they had received, the Ethics Committee prohibited all future testing with SCP-9327.

**Addendum-9327A:** On the back side of SCP-9327's case, text can be found that reads:

> - Prepare for an enjoyable time

> - Improve your cooking skills

> - Learn to manage a snack bar like a professional

> 

> Features:

> * Working microwave

> * Over 20 different ingredients to choose from

> * Grill cleaner

> * Realistic deep fryers

> * Fun for the whole family

> * Unlimited alcohol

> * Pretty good graphics

> * Reverse backwards compatible

> * GOTY nominee This statement is false. No event, anomalous or otherwise, has resulted in SCP-9327 being nominated by any known organization for a Game of the Year award. 

> * Absolutely no ads

>

> Try today

<< [SCP-9326](SCP-9326) | SCP-9327 | [SCP-9328](SCP-9328) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
