**SCP-9815:** Organic Aerospace Emissary

**Author:** _youz414

**started:** 26 Jun 2026

**greenlighters:** none

**critics:** SuMontienne and minmin

  

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9815 is currently contained within SCP-USCBP Site-J429 in El Paso County, Texas . Located in Butterfield, Texas, ~29 miles east of El Paso. within a tungsten reinforced, electromagnetically shielded structure, designated Warehouse 4/1. SCP-9815 is to remain in its current state of dismemberment unless testing has been authorized. No personnel may access SCP-9815's containment chamber without prior clearance. Authorized USCBP, ICE, or DHS personnel are permitted unrestricted access to SCP-9815.

Warehouse 4/1 is partitioned into modular sections for containment, observation, equipment, and analysis. A specialized Faraday cage has been constructed over SCP-9815's containment room, and must be inspected and maintained on a weekly basis to suppress electronic disruption. All terminals and computer systems within Warehouse 4/1 are to remain air-gapped from external networks at all times.

A team of 8 personnel is required on-site at all times, operating in rotating shifts to monitor SCP-9815. Staff possessing specializations in microbiology, entomology, aerospace engineering, electronics, or cybersecurity are priority candidates for assignment to Warehouse 4/1.

All recovered mechanical components are to be stored in Storage Bay V2 within Warehouse 4/1. Cellular material and auxiliary organisms are to be sampled, transferred to sublevel Q19-M, and sealed within the modular insect containment unit (MICU) inside the storage bay.. If bay Q19-M is unavailable or at capacity, bay Q12 is suitable for temporary holding or study. Under no circumstances are recovered organisms or components to be returned to, or stored in proximity with, SCP-9815. All activity and experimental data are to be logged through designated terminals in the analysis section, in accordance to Level 2 secrecy procedure. Site-J429 personnel are required to conduct emergency evacuation drills approximately once every 90 days.

Personnel are to perform a daily assessment to determine whether regenerated tissue has reached a stage of development functionally analogous to any missing structural or mechanical components. Any tissue meeting this criterion is to be surgically excised and incinerated under an emergency protocol. Excised tissue, auxiliary organisms or organic ordnance are not to be treated as inert biological waste; all such material is to be transferred to sublevel Q19-M storage bay. Organisms exhibiting unique or undocumented traits are to be prioritized for secure transfer and further testing; all others may be incinerated at researcher discretion.

Should SCP-9815 regenerate sufficient mass to become mobile, reassemble independently or otherwise reactivate, Protocol PWOI-9815-B. Higher security levels have deemed conventional engagement with SCP-9815 unfeasible with only Site-J429 resources, resulting in the discontinuation of PWOI-9815-A. is to be enacted immediately. Warehouse 4/1 and Site-J429 personnel are to enter full lockdown, with all personnel evacuating to the perimeter checkpoints and sealing access points behind them. Personnel are prohibited from engaging SCP-9815 given its weapons capability and irritability. Site command is to request standard Mobile Task Force, as well as the ASD-892 Advanced Aerial Interdiction Unit, given their capacity to replicate the condition of the object's capture incident. No further action is to be taken pending MTF arrival.

**Description:** SCP-9815 is a biomechanical entity that resembles a large military-grade quadcopter. Its outer covering, designated SCP-9815-B, is a dark brown, waxy, metal-like substance that covers the entirety of the organism except for its propellers and motor assemblies. This tissue is in a constant state of motion, contraction and restructuring, granting the entity exceptional durability and resilience to damage. SCP-9815-B is capable of absorbing and expelling auxiliary organisms and detached components via physical contact, drawing them toward itself and reincorporating them into its mass. The organism emits a persistent smell that's described to be a combination of oil, metal and manure.. Sourced from SCP-9815 personnel survey S#9I35GE. 

The internal anatomy of SCP-9815 remains largely uncharacterized. Examined components suggest that auxiliary organisms are synthesized through recycling of dead cellular material, waste byproducts and oil-based compounds, however, the precise biochemical pathway involved has not been determined.

SCP-9815 exhibits advanced electronic and cyber-warfare capabilities of paranormal origin, sufficient to disable cellular networks, internet infrastructure and regional electrical grids. Documented incidents include disruption of satellite communications within SCP-9815's radius. The entity is also equipped with conventional weaponry, including a set of asymmetric dual turrets and a micro-missile launcher, both biological in origin. SCP-9815 is further capable of generating smaller 'auxiliary' organisms that extend its combat, recon and logistics capabilities. These are produced through rapid, paranormal generation of cells originating from SCP-9815's central vacuoles, which also perform a cellular recycling function integral to the entity's maintenance and repair. 

SCP-9815 has consistently displayed extreme hostility toward air and spacecraft, and is responsible for numerous attacks against military, civilian and space-based infrastructure. Observed combat behavior includes high-speed strafing runs, violent vibrations, and an increased aggression when interception is attempted. SCP-9815 has never been observed to communicate through comprehensible mediums, producing only a range of beeping and screeching vocalizations.

SCP-9815's turret assembly consists of two barrels on opposing sides of its main body, with the right-hand barrel noticeably larger than its counterpart. Ammunition is organically synthesized, loaded, and discharged entirely autonomously. Two cartridge variants are catalogued to date: SCP-9815#A142, a lightweight, high-velocity round that fragments and disperses on impact and SCP-9815#A918, a high-density, armor-piercing round comparable in performance to depleted-uranium ordnance. A launcher mounted on the entity's dorsal surface is capable of firing swarms of micro-missiles composed of SCP-9815-B tissue; these release an aerosolized mixture of deadly pathogens upon detonation. SCP-9815 also continuously emits an electromagnetic disruption field of variable and unpredictable range, the intensity of which decreases while the organism is dormant and escalates during hostile engagement.

SCP-9815 passively generates auxiliary organisms and maintenance cells possessing a variety of unidentified and paranormal functions, at an estimated rate of 500 billion cells per day; this rate has been observed to fluctuate according to unidentified variables. Chemical analysis of the resulting tissue has produced signatures broadly consistent with maternal mitotic division, though the mechanics remain poorly understood. Auxiliary organisms are capable of performing complex support tasks including material retrieval and information collection. Larger specimens display greater power and autonomy, while smaller organisms appear weaker within a decentralized, hivemind-esque collective. . USAF SMSgt. Kaquan has observed that captured organisms exhibit separation distress disproportionate to function. Captured organisms in the MICU are prone to distress vocalizations, self-destructive thrashing and attempts to return to SCP-9815. 

<details>
<summary>● Addendum-9815-I#HZN22</summary>

The Secretary of Defense's primary contribution to PDB-MKAW541352 (09 FEB 26), consists of an executive summary of 9815-I#HZN22. The following paragraph is a compilation of relevant excerpts:

"On February 8th, 2026, an unidentified flying object was spotted hovering and vibrating in proximity to Airbase 115 during a scheduled DARPA project trial aboard the USS Panking. A squadron of advanced Navy F/A-18 Hornets and Lockheed Martin KC-130JX tanker aircraft were also present in the area, conducting independent tests. A modified USAF F-16V Viper, flown by Captain Manu Adawosgi, was dispatched to locate and scan the object. Adawosgi attempted to engage with an  AIM-9XE Sidewinder heat-seeking missile, which failed to achieve lock-on; the F-16V was subsequently destroyed by paranormal armor-piercing cartridges fired by the object. Two additional advanced F/A-18 Hornets, piloted by Lieutenants Emilios Heinrich and Rocky Ryp, had been reassigned to the area and were present at the time of the F-16V's destruction. Both pilots alerted the USS Panking, which relayed the reports of the object to INDOPACOM. Project Manager Kaska positively identified the object as SCP-9815 based on prior incidents, triggering a JIEAS critical-level alert involving the SCP.

Approximately three minutes after the F-16V was downed, the UFO fired a volley of micro-missiles targeted at Lt. Heinrich's aircraft. Severe electronic disruption attributed to the object caused a significant drop in radio intelligibility for both remaining pilots; Heinrich's final transmission was unable to be recovered. Lt. Ryp's aircraft continued to track the paranormality at a safe distance. Fourteen minutes after the JIEAS critical alert was issued, an experimental F-22 Raptor arrived and fired a prototype air-to-air missile, ████-█, successfully disabling the object and causing it to fall into the water below. Special Collectors deployed modified Army Aviation aircraft, with the USS Panking and other naval vessels arriving to assist in search operations. After approximately five hours, the object and all associated components were recovered, secured, and contained. . It is unlikely all components of SCP-9815 were recovered, as personnel have identified several locations that indicate missing parts.

CIA and FBI analysis has found no evidence that the paranormality was operated or supported by any foreign state actor or third party. The object has been linked to approximately 30 sightings across the Pacific Ocean, Atlantic Ocean, Gulf of Mexico, Caribbean sea and several countries, primarily Mexico. The SCP had been analyzing information about the object prior to its securement, allowing for rapid containment at Airbase 115's underground bunker. This has been designated a temporary holding area for approximately six months pending the selection of a permanent containment location. DARPA has justified the deployment of the experimental F22 Raptor due to known paranormal effects and proximity to Airbase 115."

Following recovery, Trevon Locus and a team of Program researchers began studying SCP-9815's exterior structure and the components recovered at Airbase 115. Locus was shortly thereafter promoted to the rank of CW5 within Army Aviation and subsequently assigned by Foundation command as research head for SCP-9815. With the approval of Chief Patrol Agent Sullivan, SCP-9815 was relocated to Site-J429 on September 28th, 2026. This decision was based primarily on the site's cost-efficiency, geographic isolation and modular infrastructure.

The following consists of an automated radio transcript, provided courtesy of Airbase 115 signals officers, pertaining to the initial capture of SCP-9815:

> **Transcript #:** 7-9UP5-LK / HORIZON-022 | 02/08/2026 | S-7:31:12AM LOCAL | PACIFIC OCEAN, DARPA AIRBASE 115

> **// BEGIN LOG 7:31:12AM LOCAL**

> 

> **7:31AM Tail #82-7635:** Panking, for your call support on small bogey, identified drone at angels 5 near my location, no hostile behavior, over.

> 

> **7:31AM DARPA Project Manager Kaska:** PM-92 to USS Panking, if your guns aren't ready, I'll get the two 18s with the most fuel outta the squadron and have them reassigned to the bogey.

> 

> **7:31AM USS Panking C#80791251:** Copy Kaska. [...] Satchel-82, two F/A-18s are enroute. Vessel point defense will be temporarily unavailable.

> 

> **7:32AM Tail #14-9129:** Mandator-14 to Satchel, you see us coming up on the uhhh, thing?

> 

> **7:33AM Tail #82-7635:** Copy but uhh, [...] [unintelligible]

> 

> **7:33AM Tail #82-7635:** [unintelligible] flashing and making noises. If it goes near the ship or airbase I'll fox it.

> 

> **7:34AM Tail #14-9129:** [disrupted radio]

> 

> **7:34AM Tail #55-9152:** Panking, we're ready to drop the bogey cause it's uhhh, speeding up pretty fast. 

> 

> **7:34AM USS Panking C#80791251:** Copy that Thug-55, let us know when it's splash.

> 

> **7:35AM Tail #55-9152:** Possible hostile engagement, F16 down, request immediate support now. [...] Flash traffic.

> 

> **7:35AM USS Panking C#80791251:** Copy that. [...] They said the F/A-18s refueling with the KCs. [...] Airbase 115 is scrambling some F-35s and some other stuff. 

> 

> **7:36AM USS Panking C#80791251:** DARPA confirms it’s not ours. [...] Could be the thing from Horizon-04, if you heard of it.

> 

> **// JIEAS 7:36AM:30 02/08/2026 | CRITIC:F16 MAYDAY NEAR AIRBASE115 BY UNKNOWN ATTACKER | ACTION COORDINATOR ONLINE | SCP - INDOPACOM - CIA - NMCC - NJOIC**

> 

> 

> **7:37AM Tail #14-9129:** Thug can you get a lock or is the sun f[###]in it up?

> 

> **7:37AM Tail #55-9152:** Yea. [...] Fox 2. [...] Hot. Uhhh, report contact cause ima [...]

> 

> **7:38AM Tail #14-9129:** Negative contact, it- [radio disruption]

> 

> **7:38AM Tail #14-9129:** Panking, if you have [unintelligible] cause [unintelligible]

> 

> **7:38AM USS Panking C#80791251:** Repeat message.

> 

> **7:38AM USS Panking C#80791251:** Mandat-

> 

> **7:38AM #55-9152:** Confirmed hostile engagement, Mandator is splash. [...] F[###]ing bandit keeps moving outta my range.

> 

> **7:39AM USS Panking C#80791251:** Copy Thug, we're sending as much as we can.

> 

> **7:39AM Tail #55-9152:** What the f[###] kind of drone knocks down two fighters? Does NORAD know of this s[###]?

> 

> **7:39AM USS Panking C#80791251:** We sent one of those joint alerts so everyone knows. [...] Yea this some serious s[###] so they might be telling POTUS right now.

> 

> **7:40AM USS Panking C#80791251:** Update on the bandit?

> 

> **7:40AM Tail #55-9152:** It's barely outta my range and it's accelerating and decelerating, uhhh [...] and just being strange, making loud noises too.

> 

> **7:40AM USSF CCMSgt Leave:** Copy Thug, keep tracking and keep me updated on it.

> 

> **// READ ERR 7:40:43AM-7:49:27AM**

> 

> **7:49AM USSF CCMSgt Leave:** [unintelligible] but thanks.

> 

> **7:50AM Tail #██-████:** Alpha to Thug-55, I'm nearby and ready to fire, please vacate the area.

> 

> **7:50AM Tail #55-9152:** Ohhhh s[###], [...] Yooo, so it's not China?

> 

> **7:50AM Tail #██-████:** Nahhh something I gotta deal with.

> 

> **7:50AM Tail #55-9152:** Is it just DARPA or the other one?

> 

> **7:50AM Tail #██-████:** Uhhh, it's paranormal.

> 

> **7:50AM Tail #55-9152:** So you know what the f[###] it is?

> 

> **7:50AM Airbase 115 C#71529039:** Thug-55 cease unnecessary communication with Alpha or you will be subject to disciplinary action.

> 

> **7:52AM Tail #██-████:** Fox 2. Hot. [...] Splash. [...] Hey uhhhhh, looks like it's mostly in one piece.

> 

> **7:52AM DARPA Project Manager Kaska:** Alpha continue circling until containment assets arrive, over.

> 

> **7:52AM Tail #██-████:** Copy, [...] I see it floating on my cam, but the waves keep pulling it under.

> 

> **7:52AM Airbase 115 C#71529039:** XF35s still required?

> 

> **7:53AM DARPA Project Manager Kaska:** [...] [unintelligible]

> 

> **7:53AM USSF CCMSgt Leave:** Airbase, keep them airborne in case the thing starts flying again.

> 

> **7:54AM Army Aviation CW4 Locus:** Aye brudder, [...] we got special Blackhawks and C-12s en route now. Any parts detach from the uhh, drone?

> 

> **7:54AM Tail #██-████:** Positive, I saw some bits fly through the missile smoke and I'm uhhh, sure it's not the missile. 

> 

> **7:54AM Army Aviation CW4 Locus:** Alright brudder, when they get there, the crew gonna search for parts, secure it, and put it somewhere safe. [...] That last one gon' be the hardest part.

> 

> **7:54AM DARPA Project Manager Kaska:** I'ma send Panking and some other ships to uhhh, make sure no parts get lost in the sea.

> 

> **7:54AM Army Aviation CW4 Locus:** Copy, thanks.

> 

> **7:54AM ERR#3428709:** 

> **// END LOG 7:54:57AM LOCAL**

</details>

:root {

    --fnColor: #ff6d00;

}

=====

> **Filename:** thermal-image-drone.png

> **Name:** Marines with CSTS host a C-sUAS course

> **Author:** Sgt. Mary Torres

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://www.dvidshub.net/image/9760419/marines-with-csts-host-c-suas-course

=====

 << [SCP-9814](SCP-9814) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9816](SCP-9816) >>
