**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9953-A is to not be contained, instead observation through [REDACTED] shall occur constantly. No attempted interaction with SCP-9953-A shall be attempted; all personnel who attempt interaction are to be reprimanded. SCP-9953-B is to be monitored by live satellite feed. Thus far, SCP-9953-B has only been around Foundation personnel Exclusively while off duty.  to "give them cuddles," alongside teleporting away before personnel can capture SCP-9953-B. Personnel are to be reminded to refer to SCP-9953-B as SCP-9953-B rather than SCP-9953-B's preferred name, regardless of what SCP-9953-B desires.

**Description:** SCP-9953 is two anomalies that are the same in nature, which are known as SCP-9953-A and SCP-9953-B respectively. SCP-9953-A is [REDACTED]. SCP-9953-B is a [REDACTED] for SCP-9953-A, serving as a way for SCP-9953-A to [REDACTED]. SCP-9953-B refers to itself as [REDACTED].

One group of 100 D class personnel were exposed to SCP-9953-A and another group of 100 D class personnel were exposed to SCP-9953-B.

**Results of exposure to SCP-9953-A:**

| Effect | # experiencing the effect |
| --- | --- |
| Desire to cuddle | 100 |
| Missing former pet cat/wanting a pet cat | 100 |
| Becoming far more peaceful | 100 |
| Openly hugging other D class | 100 |
| Requesting to never leave 9953-A | 5 |
| Desiring friends | 90 |
**Results of exposure to SCP-9953-B:**

| Effect | # experiencing the effect |
| --- | --- |
| Desire to cuddle | 100 |
| Missing former pet cat/wanting a pet cat | 100 |
| Becoming far more peaceful | 100 |
| Openly hugging other D class | 100 |
| Requesting to never leave 9953-B | 5 |
| Desiring friends | 100 |
**End Log.**

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9953-A cannot be contained, observation through a Noospheric Individual-to-Collective Emulation Drive Also called a NICE Drive.  shall occur constantly. No attempted interaction with SCP-9953-A shall be attempted, for fear of risking a failure in communication resulting in hostilities  Personnel who attempt interaction are to be reprimanded by senior antimemetics personnel. by SCP-9953-A. SCP-9953-B cannot be contained unless SCP-9953-B allows it. Thus far, SCP-9953-B has only been around Foundation personnel Exclusively while off duty.  to "give them cuddles," SCP-9953-B used "To give [name] cuddles" as its exact reasoning for interacting with them.  alongside teleporting away before personnel can capture SCP-9953-B. Containment was abandoned in favour of observation of SCP-9953-B. A fake file for low clearance Foundation personnel exists to prevent them from attempting to ~~discover the truth~~ learn about SCP-9953. Those who attempt to learn of SCP-9953's true nature without being cleared shall be given class C amnestics. Attempting cross-testing of SCP-9953 is forbidden Even in the case SCP-9953-A and/or SCP-9953-B are put into containment. .

In practice, there is no enforcement of said rule. Staff who are aware of the preferred name universally refer to SCP-9953-B as Koneko  Koneko-chan, "cuddle-chan," and "kitten-chan" are alternate ways SCP-9953-B has been referred to. .

**Description:** SCP-9953 is two anomalies that are the same in nature, which are known as SCP-9953-A and SCP-9953-B respectively. SCP-9953-A is a memeplex consisting of five elements, four of which are discovered. SCP-9953-B is a humanoid avatar for SCP-9953-A, serving as a way for SCP-9953-A to interact with the physical world. SCP-9953-B self identifies as female and assumes a feminine appearance Personnel are also forbidden from petting SCP-9953-B's ears or tail. Those who attempt to regardless will be given class A amnestics. . SCP-9953-B refers to itself ~~by its legal name~~ as Koneko. SCP-9953-B possesses Japanese citizenship, and insists that the only organisation that can ask it to do something is the Japanese government. 

Whether or not it is even possible to determine how SCP-9953-B acquired citizenship has been put into question.

Document 70: The following is a record of O5 Council vote #23692

Council vote #23692, "Abandon containment efforts of SCP-9953-A and SCP-9953-B?" Proposed by O5-1 on 12/6/2026

| FOR | AGAINST | ABSTAIN |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O5-1 |  |  |
|  | O5-2 |  |
| O5-3 |  |  |
|  | O5-4 |  |
|  |  | O5-5 |
|  | O5-6 |  |
| O5-7 |  |  |
| O5-8 |  |  |
|  | O5-9 |  |
|  | O5-10 |  |
| O5-11 |  |  |
|  |  | O5-12 |
| O5-13 |  |  |
Vote approved.

No statement from the O5 Council was given.

SCP-9953-A is several critical human ideas in the noosphere: love, affection, cuddles/hugs, cats, and [DATA LOST]. Attempts to recover the information are ongoing, all have failed thus far. "Koneko-chan has grown so much!" - [REDACTED]. 

**Addendum:**

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9953-A cannot be contained, observation through a NICE Drive shall occur constantly. No attempted interaction with SCP-9953-A shall be attempted, for fear of risking retaliation in the form of the mind of the personnel being damaged and/or partially consumed by SCP-9953-A Nya, I won't nom them if they're nice! . SCP-9953-B cannot be contained unless SCP-9953-B allows it. Thus far, SCP-9953-B has only been around off duty Foundation personnel to "give them cuddles," alongside teleporting away before personnel can capture SCP-9953-B. Containment was abandoned in favour of observation of SCP-9953-B. A fake file for low clearance Foundation personnel exists to prevent them from attempting to discover the truth. An additional fake file for personnel with level 5 clearance was created, making it clear enough that they believe they know the full truth while the full truth is hidden. Those who attempt to learn of SCP-9953's true nature without being cleared shall be given class C amnestics. Attempting cross-testing of SCP-9953 with any anomalies is forbidden indefinitely.

@@@@

Security alert: an IP address 01101000.01110101.01100111.01110011 has been blocked from editing the document, following the addition of numerous footnotes.

@@@@

**Description:** SCP-9953 is two anomalies We are one and the same.  that are the same in nature, which are known as SCP-9953-A and SCP-9953-B respectively. SCP-9953-A is a ~~kitten who should be loved~~ memeplex made of five elements, four of which are discovered. SCP-9953-B is a humanoid avatar I am me and me I am.  for SCP-9953-A, serving as a way for SCP-9953-A to interact with the physical world. SCP-9953-B self identifies as female and assumes a feminine appearance Because I am a woman, baka. . SCP-9953-B refers to itself by its legal name Koneko. SCP-9953-B possesses Japanese citizenship, and insists that the only organisation that can ask it to do something is the Japanese government It is. . Whether or not it is even possible to determine how SCP-9953-B acquired citizenship I am Japanese, therefore a citizen.  has been put into question, despite ongoing attempts.

Simulations on the effects of removing SCP-9953-A from the noosphere were conducted. Additional simulations on how to contain SCP-9953-B were conducted Why trap me? I'll cuddle Sophia-chan if I want. Dir. Light would appreciate it if you stopped. - O5-3. 

An L-K class species transmutation Humanity completely losing all love.  scenario would occur instantly, humanity would lose its ability to love, have affection, cuddle/hug, alongside being unable to perceive or remember all cats. Don't forget me nya! 

Containment is mathematically impossible

%%title%% hears smug purring nearby.

 without SCP-9953-B cooperating I am nice. ; an impossible event. Therefore, it is assumed that successful containment will never occur. Nya, stop poking me with a stick! 

In order to contain SCP-9953-A, that would require removing love, cuddles/hugs, affection, cats and [DATA LOST] from the noosphere. Such action, if it is even possible, would inevitably lead to human extinction from infighting. Alongside permanent issues Such as human cooperation massively decreasing  from the resulting LK class scenario, SCP-9953-A is in the noosphere for good.

Containing SCP-9953-B fails because SCP-9953-B can freely teleport, and if actually trapped, can demanifest then remanifest elsewhere: bypassing any containment protocols that could be made. After unanimous vote from the O5 Council I don't know them.  Fortunately. , containment was **abandoned permanently** Finally you'll stop poking me with a stick, nya. .

Had SCP-9953-A and SCP-9953-B not displayed such potential, monitoring efforts would have been abandoned alongside containment efforts. Due to the extreme potential displayed by SCP-9953-A and SCP-9953-B, they must be monitored I'm free~  to ensure they are not a threat to humanity Why would I be? .

SCP-9953-B improves endlessly with each passing day, however it is inefficient I'm more efficient than you ever could be.  in utilising that, only utilising their endless improvement to cuddle humans more effectively.

@@@@

SCP-9953-B also appears to be able to edit this very document, despite lacking any form of access. SCP-9953-B's IP address 01101000.01110101.01100111.01110011  is blocked from the system SCP-9953-B's IP address also converts to the following word: hugs.. Despite the block, SCP-9953-B can freely edit this document as it pleases. SCP-9953-B is often informally communicated with, through this very file by the O5 Council, in order to attempt to prevent SCP-9953-B from wasting immense resources The footnotes added for communication are retained in order to keep record. . As of 22/06/2026, SCP-9953-B has used such access to add footnotes and edit the text of collapsibles. After one [*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3125 God] Scatter! The starfish is approaching!  [*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-wild-light was purged], another Nya, I'm not a God.  showed up.

SCP-9953's discovery dated back to 2021, after a nearly year long gap in recent history (prior to 2021). 99 other noospheric entities were discovered around the same time, seemingly filling a [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/tombstone gap] in the noosphere. After extensive research it is believed a memeplex was removed from the noosphere, resulting in a timeline reset. Said memeplex removal caused the noospheric gap, therefore being the source of 100 other noospheric entities existing and filling the gap left behind.

There is a nonzero possibility that such potential memeplex could return to the noosphere, [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ara-orun the potential effects of such return are to be determined.] 4 HOURS PLEASE NO! 

Why SCP-9953 reacts strongly to such memeplex is unknown IT WILL KILL US ALL! . Why SCP-9953 treats such memeplex as a threat is unknown. 9953-B used telepathy to beg O5-1 to have an irreality amplifier produced "before we regret it." Such request was denied YOU'VE DOOMED US ALL! , because said irreality amplifier would require an extreme amount of resources. The blueprints to it were confiscated Stolen - HAND THEM BACK!  to prevent SCP-9953-B from attempting to construct it.

SCP-9953-A increased vigilance and activity in the noosphere. What reason is behind such behaviour, if any, is unknown. SCP-9953-B is needlessly terrified It's justified!  of this potential memeplex which is **speculated** to exist. There currently is no evidence such memeplex exists, despite SCP-9953's recent behaviours.

From extensive analysis, it is believed the fifth element of SCP-9953-A is the potential to endlessly improve  Can I be fed then? Since you now know?  No. - the O5 Council. . With the fifth element explained, that subsequently explains why SCP-9953 has such immense potential.

@@@@

Hello

**%%title%%**, would you like a hug?

***%%title%%** feels the sensation of a warm embrace engulf them/ **%%title%%** has seen all sorts of cosmic horror, but for once, **%%title%%** feels peace. **%%title%%** feels fulfilled. **%%title%%** feels like they're being seen through their device screen.*  Nya, enjoy your nap sleepyhead~ **%%title%%** is so cute, you might call **%%title%%** pocket sized.

 Oh, did I break the page and add an extra footnote block? Oops, tehe~ 

<< [SCP-9952](SCP-9952) | SCP-9953| [SCP-9954](SCP-9954) >>
