**Item #:** SCP-9143

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** All pathways that lead to SCP-9143 must be closed off utilizing palisade fencing. Caution signage is to be posted along each pathway warning of toxic chemicals in the region. All staff stationed within SCP-9143's surveillance outpost are to identify themselves as a local cleanup crew working with city hall to restore the area for public usage after a chemical spill. Communication with Mayor Eastman is to be solely handled by Dr J. Andrews.

Surveillance cameras installed at each entrance as well as those placed within the vicinity of SCP-9143 are set to alert security staff of any captured motion. Individuals that attempt to enter the site must be interviewed and interrogated as to their personal feelings and relations to SCP-9143.

Due to SCP-9143's declining state and public perception believing it to merely be a hoax or local urban legend, no Amnestics are necessary for individuals having witnessed its effects.

**Description:** SCP-9143, also known as Lake Love, is a lake in Tennessee measured to be 6400m², located in the south-eastern region of the rural mining town "██████."

 

SCP-9143 produces auditory hallucinations intermittently of music incapable of being recorded using any known form of audio capturing. Conflicting reports given by detained individuals suggest that the type of music produced by SCP-9143 varies from each subject. 

Examples of the music heard are as follows:

Classical Music, Alternative Rock, Jazz, and natural soundscapes harmonizing to create melodic symphonies. 

At least forty-six individuals to date living in ██████ claim to have witnessed the anomaly. Sixteen have attempted to breach SCP-9143's perimeter multiple times. Public perception primarily views SCP-9143 and its effects to be that of a local urban legend. Between 1980 and 1991, local politicians began using SCP-9143 as a tourist attraction. The marketing scheme proved to be an effective economic boost holding positive influence throughout the town. Though SCP-9143 has not yet been proven to hold any physical effects on observers, those who have come in contact with SCP-9143 seem to all have formative experiences involving the landmark.

Whether or not this is the result of SCP-9143's anomalous effect is yet to be determined.

**Discovery:** Though first dismissed by the Foundation to be a local hoax in 1981, a renewed interest in SCP-9143 was found when a Facebook group (Lake Love Experiencers) was created in 2011 by local senior citizen 'Denise Grant.' 

The group had garnered a dedicated following of town residents sharing their experiences with the landmark. Foundation webcrawlers monitoring the site picked up on a sudden uptick in the groups following, with many members openly sharing their experiences with SCP-9143's anomalous effect. Many of whom encouraging others to visit SCP-9143 and experience it for themselves. The group also called attention to SCP-9143's gradually weakening state, producing music at a far less frequent rate over the years.

Researcher J. Andrews was assigned to investigate the uptick in anomalous reports. After several nights of interviewing locals and stationing within SCP-9143's perimeter, it was officially classified as anomalous after the effects could not be explained away using any scientific reasoning.

<details>
<summary>+ Interview Log 9143-A-1</summary>

> **Interviewed:** Lacia Evergreen

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr J. Andrews

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** May you state your name and age for the record, please?

> 

> **Lacia:** Am I in trouble...?

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** We're just going to ask you some questions if that's alright.

> 

> **Lacia:** Um, for sure, yeah.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Name and age?

> 

> **Lacia:** Lacia Evergreen. I'm 24.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Alright Miss Evergreen. Or, is Lacia preferable?

> 

> **Lacia:** Lacia is fine, yeah...

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** So I'm told you were on your way to Lake Love when security found you, is that correct?

> 

> **Lacia:** I didn't notice the uh, signs. But I was on my way there, yes.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Could you please provide a verbal statement explaining why you were attempting to visit the Lake, Miss Lacia?

> 

> **Lacia:** Is this for like... The police?

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** As we've stated you're not in trouble today Miss Lacia. We're just looking for some clarification is all.

> 

> **Lacia:** Right... Um. I just haven't been to the lake in a long while, so I thought I'd stop by.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** You've visited before then? When was the last time you'd visited Lake Love?

> 

> **Lacia:** It's been a few years... When I was Seventeen, I think.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** And the purpose of the visit?

> 

> **Lacia:** Excuse me...?

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** When you last visited Lake Love, was it for any particular reason? Seeing a loved one, an exchange of finances, looking for lost-

> 

> **Lacia:** Um... No, it wasn't anything like that. It's silly, but... There's the town rumor about that place, and-

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Love's Call?

> 

> **Lacia:** Yeah. I was curious. About whether or not it was real.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Did you come to any conclusions?

> 

> **Lacia:** I did.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** And you were just visiting tonight, correct?

> 

> **Lacia:** Well, I was actually trying to look into the uh... Other rumor. People saying the music is going away. That it's not as easy to hear anymore.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Is that what you believe?

> 

> **Lacia:** No. I mean, I don't see why it would be... It's been a thing forever now. Since I was a kid, since my dad was a kid... Something as crazy as that wouldn't just up and disappear one day.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Did anything happen the last night you visited? Before you went to the lake?

> 

> **Lacia:** Why are you asking?

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** It's just for the record, Miss Lacia.

> 

> **Lacia:** Um... My... Family. There was a bit of a fight, I don't really remember. I was trying to clear my head.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Your parents. Are they still together?

> 

> **Lacia:** No. Not since I was... Seventeen.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** I see. My apologies.

> 

> **Lacia:** It's been a long time, it's okay.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:**  Alright then. Miss Lacia, that's all we needed. You're free to go.

> 

> **Lacia:** Do you think the cleanup will be finished soon...? With the lake...?

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Soon enough. Good day Miss Lacia.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Subject released without incident.

</details>

>

<details>
<summary>+ Interview Log 9143-A-2</summary>

> **Interviewed:** Richard Stevens

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr J. Andrews

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Stevens:** Can we get this the hell over with?

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** We're just going to ask you some questions, Richard.

> 

> **Stevens:** Like that'll do ya any fuckin' good.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** So as you know, this is the thi-

> 

> **Stevens:** Third time you assholes grabbed me, I know.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Yes... And the previous two times you refused to take questions.

> 

> **Stevens:** I gave you all the answers, a perfect fucking score.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Well that is what we thought the first time, yes. Until we did our own private investigation and discovered you had been lying, very convincingly I might add. Which we brought up in your second detainment before asking you those very same questions again.

> 

> **Stevens:** Oh so you didn't like those ones either? 

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** After conducting another investigation, we found that again you weren't being entirely truthful. Your name-

> 

> **Stevens:** Richard Stevens is my fucking name.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Yes, from what we found that is correct. But it's the only thing that was correct. So we're going to be asking you some questions again, and I'm going to ask once more that you answer truthfully. To your best possible capabilities. Or we'll be forced to report your continued trespassing to the local authorities.

> 

> **Stevens:** Fucking stupid.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Alright so, again. What is your name?

> 

> **Stevens:** Richard Stevens.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Age?

> 

> **Stevens:** 46.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Okay... And what was the purpose of todays trip to Lake Love?

> 

> **Stevens:** Screwing your mother.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** You won't be getting another chance at this, Mr Stevens.

> 

> **Stevens:** And whats it the fuck to you anyway? To ANY of you? You fuckin *people.*

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Mr Stevens-

> 

> **Stevens:** Everything was just fine until you all came along. Until you started poking around, with your fuckin' hazmat suits, and your fuckin' lab coats. It was every week that I used to go there. 

> 

> [**Stevens rises from his chair.**]

> 

> **Stevens:** The one fuckin' thing I could count on in this miserable existence. The one thing my daughter and I got left to remember. To remember all the times we'd spent together listenin' to that fuckin' music. To remember meeting her mother back in high school and running off there just to get away from it all. And what do you do? Sit around and ask WHY? Why something, anything in this world, could possibly be good? And I'll tell you another thing-

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** I think we're done here Mr. Stevens.

> 

> **Stevens:** NO, we're done when I sa-

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Subject removed from the premises by local authorities. Legal fines dealt to discourage further trespassing.

> 

>

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Communications Log 9143-3-6</summary>

> **Incoming: Jonathan Eastman [Mayor of ██████]** 

> 

> **Outgoing: Dr J. Andrews**

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Eastman:** So you got it then, right? It's all good?

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Unfortunately Mr. Eastman. no... It's not.

> 

> **Eastman:** Oh come the hell on...

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** We've looked at the situation from many, many different angles. Despite our best efforts, the chemical spill isn't going to be an overnight fix.

> 

> **Eastman:** That's what, the third time you've told me that? What the hell is it that coulda got dumped in that lake that's so awful, that nobody can even go near it!

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Unfortunately it's classified.

> 

> **Eastman:** I know... God, I know.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Is that all Mr Eastman?

> 

> **Eastman:** Look I know you guys are trying your best out there, and I appreciate that. But please for the love of god can you guys hurry it up?

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Is this about the upcoming election?

>

> **Eastman:** It's about the town, for christ sake! Everythings going great, but-... People are leaving. And other people- tourists- They're not even stopping by anymore.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Do you believe our work with the lake is the reasoning behind this?

>

> **Eastman:** I don't know WHAT I believe. All I know is the lake- It means a helluva lot to people. They don't talk about it, but things were rough here for a very long time. Everybody was shut in, wouldn't even say hello to you walking down the street. They could hardly buy a decent meal, let alone take care of their family. But the more people found out about that lake- Things just... Changed. For the better. God knows it changed things for me.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Are you afraid of things changing again?

> 

> **Eastman:** I uh... I just need you all to get your shit together. Can you do that?

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** We'll do our best.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

>

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Video Log 9143-B-3</summary>

>  **Interviewed:** Jake Reeds

> 

> **Interviewer:** H. Lionel

> 

> **<Lionel activates body camera.>**

> 

> **H. Lionel:** Alright I've got a few questions here I need to ask before I can let you go, is that alright sir?

> 

> **Reeds:** Yeah I'm good, I'm good.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** Alright, may I get your name and age please?

> 

> **Reeds:** Jake.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** Okay, last name and age?

> 

> **Reeds:** Oh I'm sorry man uh, Reeds. R-E-E-D-S. I'm twenty.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** And what're you doing out here so late at night Jake?

> 

> **Reeds:** Yeah I'm really sorry, I wanted to see the lake is all it was stupid.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** You wanted to see the lake?

> 

> **Reeds:** Yeah.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** Have you been to the lake before? Any time recent?

> 

> **Reeds:** No I haven't since I was a kid.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** Since you were a kid? Okay... What was it that led you to going out to the lake that day?

> 

> **Reeds:** I was bummed out over some stuff at school, getting bullied. My mom took me there and said it'd make me feel better.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** And is that why you're here tonight, you feeling bummed out?

> 

> **Reeds:** Yeah it's not good man.

> 

> **H. Lionel:**  What's got you feeling down?

> 

> **Reeds:** Honestly dude... Everything at this point.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** Everything?

> 

> **Reeds:** Yeah. Stuffs been going good but like, you ever get the feeling you don't know how long it's gonna last? Like someone can just take it from you at any point and it's back to square one?

> 

> **H. Lionel:** Something in particular got you feeling that way?

> 

> **Reeds:** I mean the lakes part of it. Can't even go there anymore, apparently. Now I gotta just face my problems myself I guess.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** Well we've got folks working hard on cleaning up the place. It shouldn't be too long before you can come back around.

> 

> **Reeds:** Yeah but I wanna go now. While I still can. Before some fucked up shit happens for no reason at all.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** Is it that important to you?

> 

> **Reeds:** Of course it is...! When you're a kid man, everything feels like it's gonna last forever. And you take stupid shit for granted, and you don't even realize until it's gone and you've already screwed everything up! I just don't see the fucking point... It's bullshit. It's all just... Bullshit.

> 

> **H. Lionel:** Well let's just take a breath for a second here and relax for a second okay? I've got some people that're gonna come take care of you.

> 

> **Reeds:** Okay...

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Subject was examined by on-site psychiatrist and deemed safe for release.

> 

>

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Interview Log 9143-A-3</summary>

>

> **Interviewed:** Denise Grant

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr J. Andrews

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Okay ma'am, I've got a list of questions I'm going to ask you before you're free to go. Is that alright?

> 

> **Grant:** Oh yes, please go ahead!

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** May we start with your name and age please?

> 

> **Grant:** I'm Denise, Denise Grant. I turn 76 this coming April.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** That's a lovely name Mrs Grant. Could you tell me the reasoning behind your visit today?

> 

> **Grant:** Oh I was just hoping to hear the music just one last time before it's gone.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** That old rumor about the lakes got your attention?

> 

> **Grant:** Rumor? Ha! Oh it's no rumor I promise you that. And another thing, neither is the rumor going around saying that the musics going away...

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** What makes you say that, Ms Grant?

> 

> **Grant:** Oh dear, we ALL lose the music that's in us sooner or later. Lord knows how much longer I got left to let it play myself!

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Let's hope both our songs are still playing a long long time from now.

> 

> **Grant:** What's the next question, sweetie?

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** When was the last time you visited Lake Love?

> 

> **Grant:** The last time... Oh I couldn't tell you. I've been there so many times over the years it's all just a big mess in my old head.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Are there any notable instances? Anything important that prompted the visits?

> 

> **Grant:** Oh well, me and my husband John would go there for our honeymoons. He proposed to me a long, long time ago there. He got down on one knee, with the most handsome face you'd ever saw. And I remember just how happy I was when he asked me... "Denise, dear? In a world where nothing lasts forever, would you do me the honors of making sure our love is the one thing that does?" [Laughs]

> 

> **Grant:** I still remember the music too. It was the first time we'd heard it. Maybe the first time *anybody* heard it. To me, it sounded like the most beautiful set of strings I'd ever heard... But he always told me he heard horns, [Laughs]

> 

> **<Andrews writes in notes>**

> 

> **Grant:** The Music, It just picked us up, and swept us away. All we could think about was how *good* we felt. How all our troubles just melted away. As if for just a moment, there was SOMETHING in this world that would last forever.

> 

> **<Ms Grant sniffles as she wipes away a tear>**

> 

> **Grant:** He passed away, just a few winters ago. Kept me smiling the whole time, never wanted a frown on this face he told me. And I learned something in the weeks after.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** What did you learn Mrs Grant?

> 

> **Grant:** Well... I learned that miracles don't last forever. Whether it's love, money, or people. No matter how good something is, it really does all go away in the end...

> 

> But... For however brief a miracle it is. That miracle can bring just enough peace into somebodys world, that just being there to see it was worth being alive. And though some miracles may come and go for us older folks, there'll always be another miracle that comes along to bring light into someone elses life. Weeks from now, or years from now. 

> 

> The best we can do to honor those miracles, is by holding them near and dear to our hearts. Putting them in a special place in our memory called nostalgia, and letting them go when it's time. Even if it hurts, you can smile through the tears and love the beauty that comes with having gotten to know this life is filled with such amazing wonders.

> 

> **Dr J. Andrews:** Thank you, Ms Grant. That will be all.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Subject released without incident.

> 

> >

</details>

> 

> **Addendum:** On 03/12/20██, Denise Grant passed away as result of congestive heart failure. There has since been expedited decrease in SCP-9143's activity. Currently it is projected that the anomalous effects may be rendered completely dormant within ten to twenty years.

 SCP-9143's connection to the residents of ██████ is yet to be fully understood, if there is any connection at all. Further research is still underway.

<< [SCP-9142](SCP-9142) | SCP-9143 | [SCP-9144](SCP-9144) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
