:root {

    --header-title: "SITE-137";

    --header-subtitle: "HISTORY WEIGHS ON OUR SHOULDERS";

    ~~lgurl: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/component:pride-highlighter/ace_logo.svg);

}

 #page-title {

    display: none;

}

 .templateInfo {

    margin: 1rem 0;

    padding: 0 1rem;

    background: hsla(0, 0%, 97%);

    border: thin solid;

    border-bottom-width: medium;

    border-color: hsl(0, 0%, 87%) hsl(0, 0%, 73%);

}

=====

=====

**Item #:** 9151

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9151-A is contained in a fenced off area of the Site-137 garden. Every spring, SCP-9151-A is to be monitored for any abnormalities, and tested at the project lead's leisure.

**Description:** SCP-9151-A is an orange tree that grows half oranges instead of full oranges. Every instance of the fruit, henceforth referred to as SCP-9151-B, possesses an anomalous property that moves it autonomously, pushing it to combine with another SCP-9151-B instance from the same crop. This process is known as SCP-9151-C and it lasts anywhere from a second to an hour. Afterwards, the two SCP-9151-B instances become indistinguishable from a non-anomalous orange.

SCP-9151-A was found in a field in Valencia in April, 1988. The owner of the land testified that he had lovingly named it "the better half tree" and that he had never questioned the existence of the anomaly. He was amnesticized and SCP-9151-A was uprooted and moved to Site-137.

Notably, the number of SCP-9151-B instances in every crop is always even.

**Addendum 9151-1:** Incident of note

On 12/06/2016, Dr. Albert Mallafrè, the researcher in charge of SCP-9151-A, has requested a relocation away from the SCP-9151-A project. According to him, it was due to the substantial workload and personal psychological considerations. An audit was subsequently conducted and the following research notes were deemed of note to explain this request.

### Research notes, SCP-9151:

Some fragments are transcribed automatically from voice recordings, thus they are more informal than standard research notes.

**25/04/2008**

Testing. Test... Now it's working. Date is the twenty fifth of April. I am the new head of research on the SCP-9151 project. This also means that I am the only researcher in the SCP-9151 project. Oh well.

Things to remember: The objective is finding out what this is made of. Why the two oranges get together. What's the anomaly behind it. All that stuff.

**06/05/2008**

Standard procedure mandates I record the findings on SCP-9151 and the methods of study. This year there's a definitive count of 26 SCP-9151-B instances. Cameras to monitor their rate of growth and the advent of SCP-9151-C. I've finally managed to get a Hume Counter to see if the process has some sort of effect in the Hume levels.

**24/06/2008**

**Test:** 9151-24-06-08

**Procedure:** Use Hume Counters, Akiva Counters and Geiger Counters to measure the Hume level and the Akiva and Geiger emissions of the SCP-9151-C phenomenon

**Result:** No deviation from baseline oranges.

**18/03/2009**

No abnormalities in the flowering. So this thing doesn't happen because of the flowers. Current hypothesis is that it's tied to the oranges themselves, I guess. Doesn't mean I shouldn't test the -A itself.

**29/04/2009**

**Test:** 9151-24-04-09

**Procedure:** Use a magnetometer to measure the magnetic field of two SCP-9151-B instances.

**Result:** No sign of inherent magnetism.

**01/05/2009**

(This fragment was automatically transcribed accidentally)

*<Humming>*

Fuck it. It's not as if the rest of the department or the site care about this thing.

**12/05/2009**

**Test:** 9151-12-05-09

**Procedure:** Cut a green SCP-9151-B instance from SCP-9151-A before its time. Aim of the test was to find if the remaining instance would still animate itself without a counterpart to find.

**Result:** The first SCP-9151-B instance flew right into another one and both fell from the tree.

**Additional notes:** Now I have a full unripe orange in my hand. Guess that means that I can't game the system. Won't stop me from trying.

**30/06/2009**

Harvest came and went. Maximum time to SCP-9151-C is 91 seconds.

Lack of funding strikes again and I couldn't get much information on the chemical reactions happening in the process with my equipment. Carla came by to help but it wasn't enough. I'll get them next year.

**03/03/2010**

(This fragment was automatically transcribed accidentally)

I am! Yes, I'm happy for you! Of course. Oh. You're moving together already? To fifty-five? You sure? That is far away. No, yeah, I'll visit. Someday. I guess. No, no. Not at all. Bye. Byeee.

**19/03/2010**

The leaves, the sap, the branches... Everything looks normal. All tests came back negative. Even the thaumoreactive ones.

**31/05/2010**

**Test:** 9151-31-05-10

**Procedure:** Standard battery of tests on SCP-9151-C

**Result:** N/A

**Additional notes:** This was the longest recorded SCP-9151-C. Took an hour for the two SCP-9151-B to find each other and another one to combine.

**Test:** 9151-31-05-10-2

**Procedure:** Taste test.

**Result:** Carla says it still tasted good even if it took an hour for the two halves to find each other. Good for her, I guess.

**06/04/2011**

Someone from the Psionics Team passed through the site. Got her to give me a read on SCP-9151-A and she said it read like all the other trees. She thinks that whatever it is, it's not an intelligence that she can detect.

**09/06/2012**

**Test:** 9151-09-06-12

**Procedure:** Two thaumaturges (Zugarramurdi and Nargüi) do a ritual linked to the "Heresiarch of Ukvar" around SCP-9151-A. Materials needed are a small mirror, incense, chalk.

**Result:** No reaction from SCP-9151

**23/04/2013**

(This fragment was automatically transcribed accidentally)

It's not you, it's me. It's not my fault, I don't know what's happening either. Would love to be clearer with you, but I have no idea how to explain it.

*<Unintelligible muttering.>*

Yes, it was nice, but... I am truly very, very sorry. Believe me, please.

*<Door slams.>*

Carla? Carla? Oh come on!

*<Long sigh>*

Shit.

**26/05/2013**

**Test:** 9151-26-05-13

**Procedure:** Testing the possibility of something called "alternative gravity" in this SCP-9151-B.

**Result:** Inconclusive.

**05/06/2013**

**Test:** 9151-05-06-13

**Procedure:** Keep two SCP-9151-B separated for as long of a time as possible. Agent Molinaro attempted to walk to the other side of the garden with one half while I ran into the Site proper with the other.

**Result:** Unsuccessful. Inner force of the two objects surpassed us. SCP-9151-C happened all the same.

**Additional notes:** Hurt my shoulder pretty badly. Molinaro has broken three fingers.

**07/06/2013**

**Test:** 9151-07-06-13

**Procedure:** Smash an SCP-9151-B with a shovel before it can unite with another SCP-9151-B.

**Result:** The corresponding SCP-9151-B exploded shortly after.

**Additional notes:** I'm dealing with Romeo and Juliet oranges. Maybe it's a quantum entanglement kind of deal.

**21/04/2014**

The physics gave me an inconclusive read in the quantum entanglement of SCP-9151-B instances and told me to only bother them for productive endeavors.

**31/05/2014**

(This fragment was automatically transcribed accidentally)

I might be stupid. There's something that's missing. There's a crucial... *<Unintelligible muttering.>*

**07/05/2014**

**Test:** 9151-07-05-14

**Procedure:** To test the limits of SCP-9151-C, I'll cut a slice off of an SCP-9151-B.

**Result:** SCP-9151-C happened regardless. It just looks like I did a very weird cut on a whole orange now.

**26/03/2015**

(This fragment was automatically transcribed accidentally)

Yes, dad. Yes. I know. I know they also got married. I'm happy for them! No. No. No! Not yet, at least. I already told you it didn't work out. It wasn't going to work out! I couldn't give her what she...  Yes. Yes, you always say the same. I know I'm your only child... I know. I know. Look, dad, I have to go, okay? Yes. Love you too.

**08/06/2015**

**Test:** 9151-08-06-15

**Procedure:** Attempt 9151-05-06-13 but on a larger scale. Send one instance to Site-70 in Norway and the other to Site-107 in Egypt.

**Result:** The two agents were unable to keep the two separated. SCP-9151-C happened in 3 minutes, 23 seconds.

**Additional notes:** I still don't understand it.

**11/06/2016**

33 SCP-9151-B oranges this year. The largest crop so far. And one of them doesn't have a pair.

All the paired ones found each other in a maximum of 3.06 seconds.

The last one fell to the ground and didn't move towards any other half. Nothing else. Not only is this thing an anomaly by normal standards, it even has defects in its own system. It's mocking me.

Following an investigation by the Department of Internal Affairs, Dr. Mallafrè was temporarilly relocated to Site-35.

**Addendum 9151-2:** Update on the status of SCP-9151

As of 17/07/2017 the definitive count numbers at 20 SCP-9151-B.

The researcher collecting the oranges also found the lone SCP-9151-B that didn't have a counterpart in 2016 in the floor of the garden, still not moving, though it is spinning in place.

> **Filename:** orange half copia.jpg and orange full copia.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC.BY.SA.3.0

> **Source Link:** This page

> **Additional Notes:** I,  took these photos
