@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

= The value *c* stands for speed of light, and its velocity is consistent in every reference system.

= *c* = 299 792 458 m/s

@@ @@

= It is impossible to reach the speed of light. 

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

**Item #:** SCP-9792

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the complications of perceiving SCP-9792, the only containment procedure required is a misinformation and suppression campaign regarding experiments involving any of the following elements:

• Creation or use of any type of singularity, even if adequately controlled or contained.

• Subjecting a human to speeds exceeding 0.01 *c*All speeds on this document are considered relative to planet Earth..

If any organization begins research with the intent of producing either of the previous effects, the Foundation will divert funds to other projects that pose no risk of triggering these conditions. If these measures are not sufficient, the research staff will be amnesticized and assigned to another project by embedded agents, and the results of the research will then be expunged from public knowledge.

All tests must be conducted between Site Hermes and Site Poseidon, and must be approved by both Directors and the Director of Site-121 on Earth for measurements. The presence of the following senior researchers is required during all tests: Dr. Minkowski, Dr. Stern, and Dr. Hawking.

Update: after Incident 1/9792, all testing has been indefinitely suspended, Site Hermes and Site Poseidon have resumed their routine duties.

**Description:** SCP-9792 is a humanoid silhouette visible when reaching relativistic speed.

At present, the Foundation lacks further information about the anomaly, making it necessary to conduct tests to ascertain its nature. The primary objectives of the research are:

•	Determine whether the anomaly is material or merely an optical illusion caused by relativistic speed;

•	Ascertain whether the anomaly can appear at non-relativistic speeds;

•	If the anomaly is confirmed to exist, determine whether it is sapient;

•	If the anomaly is sapient, attempt to communicate with it and determine its intentions.

**Addendum 1.9792:** Discovery

The anomaly was discovered on 3/08/2007 after an experiment conducted by an independent space organization involving a prototype spacecraft for human interplanetary exploration. The crew consisted of astronauts specifically trained to withstand a constant high-acceleration environment. The test involved placing the spacecraft in a highly elliptical orbit around the sun, reaching a maximum speed at periapsis of 0.012 *c*.

During the rehabilitation program following the experiment, a Foundation agent embedded in the research team discovered that one of the astronauts claimed to have perceived a humanoid figure in the cockpit when they reached maximum speed, which disappeared after a few seconds when the ship began deceleration. Foundation operatives were dispatched to the rehabilitation center, verified the astronauts claims, and amnesticized the crew and the center's personnel.

**Addendum 2.9792:** Test log I

After the discovery of the anomaly, a research team was formed, led by space engineer Dr. Minkowski and astrophysicist Dr. Hawking, to further study the anomaly.

The first tests were conducted using state of the art Foundation technologies, capable of withstanding a speed up to 0.015 *c*.

TEST 1 

24/01/2008

Subject

D-9792-1 Due to the extensive training required to perform this type of experiment, monthly termination of D-Class personnel assigned to this project is suspended until further notice.

Protocol

A standard Foundation space vessel will be placed in a high elliptical orbit around the Sun, reaching a speed of 0.012 *c* at periapsis.

The objective of the experiment is to replicate the parameters that led to the discovery of the anomaly and confirm that the anomaly is perceivable only by human subjects and not by cameras.

Results

After recovering the D-Class, the subject gave the same testimony as the astronaut, stating that he perceived a faint silhouette resembling a person, even if only for a few seconds. Instrumentation on board did not detect anything out of the ordinary.

---

TEST 2

30/09/2008

Subject

D-9792-1

Protocol

Identical to previous test, changing only the argument of periapsis to ascertain that the anomaly is not connected to the area of space where it manifested, but only to the velocity of the observer.

Results

The subject once again perceived a humanoid figure. He told the researchers that the figure moved towards him during the few seconds he was able to perceive it.

---

TEST 3

7/04/2009

Subject

D-9792-1

Protocol

A standard Foundation vessel will navigate to a distance of 20 AUAstronomical Unit, the median distance between the Earth and the Sun. from the Sun, then activate propulsion at maximum power towards the direction of the star. The close passage by the Sun will generate a gravitational slingshot, providing a maximum speed of 0.015 *c*.

Results

Due to an engineering error in the spacecraft's structure, it reached a velocity of 0.01503 *c* when close to the star. Aerodynamic forces caused by the proximity to the Sun disintegrated the vessel, killing the subject on board. Before the destruction of the spacecraft, D-9792-1 managed to communicate to the researchers that the humanoid figure was clearer and appeared to be female.

@@@@

@@@@

> *Dr. Hawking’s note:*

> @@@@

> *The anomaly is perceivable only by sentient life at relativistic speed, so it’s safe to assume SCP-9792 is composed almost entirely, if not entirely, of raw energy, in accordance with the law:*

> @@@@

> *E = mc^2*

> @@@@

> *The reason it’s imperceptible by cameras or other recording devices is that the subjects moving at relativistic speed are not actually seeing it, but they are perceiving its energy through themselves. The faster you go, the less defined the line between matter and energy becomes. We need to better understand this anomaly, and to do that we need to go faster.*

@@@@

**Addendum 3.9792:** Containment log I

From 1/03/2008 to 1/03/2010, the Foundation suppressed six different organizations attempting to conduct experiments capable of perceiving the anomaly.

> •	**C.E.R.N.**: Robert Stern, Lara Schröder, Geert Michiels.

> @@@@

> •	**C.A.S.**: Peng Zhang, Mu Xuanzeng, Bincai.

> @@@@

> •	**E.S.A.**: Marie Lange, Robert Stern, Tom Claes, Kai van de Ven.

> @@@@

> •	**Budker**: Denis Zaitsev, Robert Stern, Nikolai Fedorov.

> @@@@

> •	**N.A.S.A.**: Felix Davidson, Adam Wilson, Finn Macleod.

> @@@@

> •	**Roscosmos**: Vyacheslav Ignatiev, Robert Stern, Victor Petrov, Mikhail Pavlov.

After the sixth containment operation, the containment team chose to enact a misinformation campaign to reduce the number of organizations trying to conduct experiments. The campaign focused on the risks of potentially creating a black hole in particle accelerators, creating a big dispute in the scientific community regarding the use of C.E.R.N. hadron collider.

@@@@

**Addendum 4.9792:** Test log II

Given the need for more information about the nature of the anomaly, the research team was divided between Site Hermes and Site Poseidon, and granted increased access to anomalous technologies.

~~~~~

~~~~~

Due to Dr. Minkowski's health problems, he will continue to monitor the research from Site-121 on Earth.

Tests without new discoveries will be omitted for brevity.

@@ @@

TEST 4

22/11/2010

Subject

D-9792-2 

Protocol

Use of a Foundation-modified vessel to reach a maximum speed of 0.02 *c*. The modifications include, but are not limited to, increased structural resistance and anomalous space-bending fuel tanks.

The vessel will accelerate at a constant rate from Site Poseidon's launch module towards the Sun until it reaches maximum velocity. After 30 seconds, the spacecraft will begin decelerating until it reaches a sufficiently low velocity to attach to Site Hermes' landing module for debriefing.

Results

The subject saw the faint silhouette of the anomaly. It approached D-9792-2 and tried to touch her, but its hand passed through the test subject's arm. The subject reported feeling a strange sensation while its hand was in her arm, but medical analysis discovered nothing out of the ordinary.

---

TEST 8

28/09/2012

Subject

D-9792-5Anomalously enhanced to withstand constant acceleration up to 6 g.

Protocol

A specialized spacecraft was constructed in collaboration with the Demonology Department, that provided the Hellish Engine and Soul FuelFor specifics on the technology used, consult Dr. Caronte. required for the experiment. The anomalous propulsion system is expected to provide a constant acceleration of 5.2 *g*, enabling the vessel to reach a maximum speed of 0.05 *c*.

The spacecraft will launch from Site Poseidon, accelerate until it reaches maximum velocity, maintain this velocity for one minute, begin deceleration, perform a flyby of the Sun, and dock with the Site Hermes landing module for debriefing.

Results

The figure is clearer; subject reports distinguishable but faint human facial features. According to his testimony, the figure appears sad and agitated. When the entity attempted to touch the subject, its hand passed through his arm, causing him severe pain. Medical analysis shows nothing out of the ordinary.

---

TEST 15

19/04/2016

Subject

D-9792-9The subject is capable of reading lips, and is anomalously enhanced like previous tests.

Protocol

The subject will be protected by an anomalous space suit and ejected from the previously described spacecraft at maximum speed.

The subject will then accelerate to a velocity of 0.08 *c* using a thaumaturgical ritual. After 10 seconds at maximum speed, the subject will decelerate using the same thaumaturgical ritual and arrive at Site Hermes for debriefing.

Results

The subject accelerated to the desired speed and managed to read the lips of the anomaly. He  reported reading the words “alone”, “touch” and “Bob”. D-9792-9 was unable to replicate the thaumaturgical ritual to lower his velocity and contact was lost after getting too close to the Sun. All recordings of the experiment were transmitted when the subject passed near Site Hermes.

---

TEST 29

20/05/2018

Subject

D-9792-15

Protocol

Use of a specialized vessel equipped with an experimental propulsion system composed of a temporal anomaly to lock the spaceship hull in spacetime. The propulsion system will then operate at full power for two hours, consuming a total of 10,000 tonnes of fuel.

When unlocked, the spacecraft will accelerate sharply until it reaches a maximum speed of 0.15 *c*. The vessel will maintain this speed for 10 seconds, and then activate a spacetime displacer to avoid impact with the Sun's surface. After deceleration, the spacecraft will land on Site Hermes for debriefing. 

Results

Due to a critical failure of the experimental propulsion system, the vessel disintegrated upon reaching a speed of 0.07 *c*. The remains of the spacecraft that did not fall into the Sun were recovered for further use. This was the 13th consecutive failed experiment.

@@@@

@@@@

> *Dr. Minkowski's note:*

> @@@@

> *I have no ideas. I don’t know how to go faster. We are so far from the speed of light, and we are already stopped by the limits of our technology, anomalous or not. The committee asks for updates, but the only one I can give is that we need more money. What is the purpose of more money? To be thrown into the Sun? We have not even reached a tenth the speed of light; we have so much more to learn about her. But I’m not capable of doing it. I am going to retire soon, and I cannot end my career with a failure.*

@@@@

**Addendum 5.9792:** Containment log II

From 2/03/2010 to 20/05/2018, the Foundation suppressed two separate organizations attempting to conduct experiments capable of perceiving the anomaly.

> •	**I.S.R.O.**: Robert Stern, Ramesh Saxena, Ankit Allu.

> •	**I.S.A.**: Robert Stern, David Adri, Shay Mahamidg, Tom Azoulay.

Given Dr. Stern's repeated attempts to conduct experiments involving relativistic speed, even after multiple amnestizations and reassignments, the containment team opened an investigation into him.

@@@@

**Addendum 6.9792:** Casefile: Doctor Robert Stern

> **Subject Information**

> Name: Robert Stern

> Date of Birth: October 18, 1972

> Address: 5 Berry Ln, Bodmin, England

> Phone Number: ██████████

> @@@@

> **Personal Information**

> Marital Status: Widower

> Spouse’s Name: Jean Parry (1970 – 2005)

> Children: N/A

> @@@@

> **Employment History**

> Company: Harvard and Smithsonian center for Astrophysics 

> Position: Lead project researcher

> Duration: January 1996 - December 2005

> @@@@

> Company: C.E.R.N.

> Position: Senior researcher 

> Duration: March 2006 – November 2008

> @@@@

> Company: E.S.A.

> Position: Junior researcher

> Duration: February 2009 – August 2009

> @@@@

> Company: Budker

> Position: Assistant to junior researcher

> Duration: October 2009 – January 2010

> @@@@

> …

> For full employment history see document 9792-4

> @@@@

> **Criminal Record**

> Check Completed: Yes

> Findings: Convicted twice of driving under the influence. January 2006 and February 2006. No other criminal records found.

> @@@@

> **Credit History**

> Check Completed: Yes

> Findings: He has experienced a consistent decline in personal finances beginning October 2005. He lived in Geneva with his wife until March 2006, even if he worked abroad for up to eleven months a year. He left his job at the Harvard and Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics to work at C.E.R.N. He now lives in his parents’ house and is unemployed following his most recent suppressed experiment.

> @@@@

> **Summary and Conclusion**

> Dr. Robert Stern was a respected figure in the scientific community until his wife died in an accident at C.E.R.N.’s particle accelerator. After three months of grieving, he resigned from his job in the US and started to work at C.E.R.N. He participated in a project involving a singularity and was amnesticized by the containment team, like the other scientists involved in the research. He then worked for four different organisations, always attempting to replicate the singularity experiment he first attempted at C.E.R.N. 

> He was amnesticized at each of these four workplaces, but continued to seek funding for the experiment. Studies on his DNA samples found no immunity to the administered amnestics, suggesting that his desire to conduct the experiment is deeply rooted in his mind. 

> @@@@

> **Investigator’s Notes**

> Due to his respectable reputation and the apparent ineffectiveness of amnestics, leaving the subject free is deemed too great a risk to the containment of the anomaly. The containment team suggests three possibilities:

> 

> •	Abduction and imprisonment of the subject, with amnestization of his acquaintances to conceal the event.

> •	Hiring the subject as part of the research team, as his knowledge and drive could be could be crucial to make progress on the study of the anomaly.

> •	Use of Class-D amnestics.

> @@@@

> July 31, 2018

In agreement with the containment team, Dr. Minkowski and Dr. Hawking conducted a job interview with Dr. Stern. Dr. Minkowski agreed to hire Dr. Stern to have a new perspective on the project, while Dr. Hawking strongly adviced against involving him in the research, because of his obsession on the topic. 

The containment team took the final decision of hiring Dr. Stern in the research team, as it was the most efficient containment method.

@@@@

**Addendum 7.9792:** Test log III

> *Dr. Stern note:*

> @@@@

> *The problem is not with the engine, the subjects, or the spacecraft; the real problem is space itself. They approached this issue immaturely, shooting people into the Sun as fast as possible, seeking easy and fast results without considering the possibility of a well-planned mission. We need to completely change our approach to this project. We need a trained crew, a specialized spacecraft, and only a minimal amount of the sci-fi bullshit that the other two based all their experiments on.*

@@@@

@@@@

TEST 30

16/11/2018 – 11/11/2021

Crew

Cpt. York, Dr. Ayala, Srg. Heath, Researcher Mcintosh, Researcher Perkins

Protocol

The vessel will consist of a specialized space station with replenishable fuel tanks, living quarters, and sufficient storage for four years of supplies and the necessary fuel.

Using the "Shrinking ray"Abandoned prototype from the Foundation’s dismissed Gadgets Division., 250,000 tons of fuel will be reduced to 1/500th of their original size and weight and loaded into the storage area. Five "Shrinking rays" will be issued to crew members to enlarge the fuel tanks to their original size as needed.

The space station will travel with an acceleration of 1 g in the opposite direction of the Sun for 250 days, reaching a speed of 0.707 *c*. It will then decelerate at the same rate for 250 days until it comes to a stop. The crew will reorient the spacecraft using a signal emitted by Site Poseidon and repeat the same acceleration and deceleration process to return to the Solar System.

Results

After traveling for 108 days, the spacecraft suddenly disintegrated due to a cluster of space dust. The relativistic effects of space and time dilation caused the spacecraft to experience the impacts of all the dust particles within a short timeframe, damaging the protective layer of the hull.

The researchers on the spacecraft reached a speed of 0.302 *c*, and were able to communicate with the anomaly through lip reading. The process started slowly, but communication speed increased steadily during experimentation. Below are the relevant discoveries communicated to Site Poseidon between 21/11/2018 and 6/04/2019.

•	The anomaly is sapient.

•	The anomaly can understand written English.

•	The anomaly is capable of touching subjects if their speed is greater than 0.15 *c*, but cannot maintain contact for prolonged periods, becoming intangible again after 3–5 seconds. Touching the crew seemed to improve it's mood, making her more cooperative.

•	The faster the observer moves, the clearer the anomaly becomes. At top speed, the anomaly appeared as a translucent adult female human with long red hair and blue eyes. It had a tattoo resembling two atoms on its left forearm.

•	The anomaly communicated that it had no intention to cause harm.

•	The anomaly claimed it attained its current state due to a singularity.

@@@@

@@@@

**Addendum 8.9792:** Investigation into the death of Jean Parry

The following investigation is not complete. It was stopped after two days, when the paperwork necessary to initiate it were discovered to be forged by Dr. Stern. He was reprimanded for his actions and the investigators pay was deducted from Dr. Stern salary. 

The information contained in this investigation were found to be relevant only after Test 32.

**Documents recovered**

•	**Official incident report**

Dr. Jean Parry died during a fire at the C.E.R.N. particle accelerator. At that day there was a gas leak in the methane tanks, but, due to a malfunction, the safety system didn’t activate. When enough methane was present in the room, a spark caused an explosion in the building. The rescuers found Dr. Jean Parry already deceased.

@@@@

•	**Experiment submission**

November 2, 2005

@@@@

Request for use of the Large Hadron ColliderC.E.R.N.’s particle accelerator. for the study of quantum entanglement in a relativistic environment.

From recent calculations the risk of a failure in the containment system got reduced by 78%, to a total of 0.00003 %. With this degree of safety, I propose to loosen the security measures provided in the previous study, to be able to perform the experiment in the next few months, instead of ten years from now. The singularity can be maintained stable for 28 minutes with the right amount of energy input, applicable without the need of specialized equipment.

This experiment will be the gate to the application of quantum entanglement in everyday life, and we have the proof we don’t need 10 more years of work to do it.

@@@@

Dr. Jean Parry

@@@@

REQUEST DENIED

•	**Quantum entanglement experiment’s papers** (only relevant parts provided)

…

To reach the Chandrasekar Limit inside the Collider, we need to focus the magnetic field to the maximum amount, and modify the radiofrequency cavities to sustain the copious amounts of energy needed for the creation of the singularity.

…

but, before starting to analyze the quantum particles, the stability of the black hole needs to be verified with the use of Dynamic Light Scattering (DLS).

…

Analysis of the emitted particle can be performed starting with a few single photons’ detectors in the testing chamber and one vector network analyzer, and can be further explored with…

…

Research team from lab C (lead researcher Dr. Jean Parry)

•	**Dr. Parry’s time card**

@@ @@

DATE

3/11/2005

0 (no notification provided)

4/11/2005

0 (sick day)

5/11/2005 

-

6/11/2005

-

7/11/2005

8 + 3 

8/11/2005

8

9/11/2005

8

10/11/2005

8 + 4

11/11/2005

8 + 2

12/11/2005

8

13/11/2005

8

14/11/2005

8 + 5

15/11/2005

8 + 4

16/11/2005

2 

17/11/2005: 

8 + 

18/11/2005

- (investigation pending)

•	**Security notification – Missing scientific equipment**

In the last weeks the following scientific equipment was not found in the lab during the evening routine inventory.

•	**7/11/2005**: Birefringent polarizer sheetsNeeded to perform dynamic light scattering.

•	**10/11/2005**: Silicon photomultiplierNeeded to perform dynamic light scattering.

•	**11/11/2005**: Radiofrequency cavities backup keys

•	**14/11/2005**: Three single photon detectors

•	**15/11/2005**: Vector network analyzer 15.0

We think it may be only some intern putting them in the wrong place, let us know when you find all of these.

•	**Original incident report**

**Timeline of relevant events**

**18:36:41**: All of Dr. Parry's colleagues leave the research center to go home.

**19:42:15**: Dr. Parry checks the complex to ensure she is alone.

**20:22:01**: Dr. Parry transport various pieces of equipment previously hidden in underused part of the facility to the particle accelerator.

**23:26:34**: Dr. Parry set up the quantum entanglement experiment, and goes in the control room to activate the particle accelerator.

**23:55:00**: Dr. Parry starts the experiment, creating a singularity in a controlled environment, and managing to stabilize it.

**00:02:34**: Dr. Parry studies the black hole’s emissions, then it begins to grow.

**00:02:50**: Dr. Parry activates the emergency system, and the singularity starts to collapse.

**00:03:04**: The singularity collapses, disintegrating everything within a 20-meter radius, including the lab Dr. Parry was in.

**01:12:34**: When firefighters arrive at the laboratory, no human remains could be recovered.

@@@@

*Dr. Hawking’s note:*

*I said he was unstable, but using Foundation resources to investigate about his dead wife is too much. I want him out of the project, now.*

*Dr. Minkowski’s note:*

*He is certainly unstable, but with him we reached a milestone we never could have achieved otherwise, and we are going to accomplish even more. Please bear with me; with his help we could learn more than we have in the past 11 years.*

@@@@

**Addendum 9.9792:** Test log IV

@@@@

@@@@

TEST 31

8/03/2022

Crew

Cpt. Odonnell, Srg. Michael, Dr. Pruitt, Dr. Nielsen, Researcher Lawrence, Researcher Obrien

Protocol

The vessel used will be will be identical to the one used in the previous test, with the same equipment provided to the crew members. The only difference will be an anomalous spacetime displacer, linked to a pocket dimension composed mostly of empty space, with a spacetime ratio of 1/1e121 second in our dimension is equal to 31,709 Earth years in that dimension..

After 2 days of acceleration, the crew will activate the spacetime displacer to access the pocket dimension, then accelerate for 248 days within the other dimension. They will then activate the spacetime displacer again. To an outside observer, the spacecraft will appear to accelerate instantly from 1,700,000 m/s to 0.707 *c*.

The spacecraft will maintain this speed for 2 minutes to communicate with the anomaly, then activate the spacetime displacer again to start deceleration. After the space station reaches a non-relativistic velocity, it will return to the home universe for debriefing.

Results

The mission was a success, with the space station sustaining only minimal damage from space dust during its time in the home universe. The crew perceived the anomaly with relative ease and were able to communicate with it through an unknown energy exchange that felt similar to speech. Below are the relevant discoveries obtained from interviews with the crew members.

•	The anomaly stated it is composed of quantum particles similar to photons and claims to have the necessary evidence to prove it.

•	The anomaly possesses knowledge of advanced physics.

•	The anomaly is non-hostile to the Foundation and the human race as a whole.

•	The anomaly cannot appear to anyone unless they are moving at relativistic speeds or are near a point of high spacetime distortion, such as a black hole.

•	The anomaly was previously human, and intends to return to a human form. To this end, it requests the Foundation's aid.

@@@@

@@@@

#### * NOTICE FROM THE CONTAINMENT TEAM

(10/04/2022)

---

Due to the low risk the anomaly poses to the Veil, the non-existent threat to the Foundation and the expenses of conducting tests on the anomaly, the containment team, together with Site Poseidon’s, Site Hermes’ and Site 121’s directors, has made the choice to cease research on the anomaly. The order takes effect immediately. Personnel stationed on Site Poseidon and Site Hermes will return to Earth with the first vessel available and will be assigned to a new project.

Thank you for your contribution to the containment of the anomaly.

Secure, Contain, Protect.

@@@@

**Addendum 10.9792:** Incident 1/9792

On 13/04/2022, Dr. Stern, Dr. Hawking and the rest of the research team should have returned to Earth. On the night of 12/04/2022, Dr. Stern entered the docking station and performed an unauthorized test using an experimental spacecraft the research team was working on prior to the cessation of testing.

= **Incident 1/9792 Video log**

---

**DATE:** 12/04/2022

**NOTE:** Video log composed of cameras stationed at the docking hub and monitoring equipment from the lab.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**19:22:06**: Dr. Stern enters the docking hub using an unauthorized keycard (scheduled for return that morning); he checks behind him that no one is following him.

**19:22:50**: He locks the door to the docking station and dons the experimental spacesuit.

**19:30:25**: He approaches the docking station where the spacecraft with the “Space Eater” device is mounted.

**19:31:17**: Dr. Stern turns back to the door, as he sees someone noticed him, and waves his hand to the people on the other side of the door.

**19:32:44**: At this moment the head of Site Poseidon was informed of the breach, but could not mount a response in time to stop Dr. Stern from detaching the spacecraft.

**19:33:16**: Dr. Stern takes his place in the small cockpit, and detaches the spacecraft from Site Poseidon.

**19:35:26**: He starts accelerating with the conventional thruster until reaching the safe distance from Site Poseidon to activate the experimental device.

**19:36:42**: The personnel on Site try to shut down the motors remotely or communicate with the spacecraft, but all attempts failed, likely due to sabotage by Dr. Stern.

**20:54:12**: Dr. Stern activates the “Space Eater”, reaching a speed of 0.6 *c*, due to the exponential growth in the acceleration generated by the device.

**21:32:43**: The spacecraft reaches a speed of 0.75 *c*, the highest speed ever recorded on a test.

**22:49:10**: The spacecraft reaches a speed of 0.92 *c*.

**23:55:59**: The spacecraft reaches a speed of 0.999... *c*.

**02:45:18**: The spacecraft abruptly accelerates and instantly disintegrates. The equipment on Site records a speed of 1.00001 *c* Almost all scientists on Site agreed it was an error in the measuring equipment..

---

[END LOG]

@@@@

No remains of the spacecraft or of Dr. Stern were recovered, and testing ceased. 

@@@@

**Addendum 11.9792:** Final test log

In the two years following the Incident 1/9792 Dr. Minkowski and Dr. Hawking requested to repeat the test conducted by Dr. Stern, on the premise that the abrupt acceleration displayed was physically impossible. After Dr. Minkowski's death the Foundation granted Dr. Hawking the opportunity to repeat the test one last time. 

@@@@

@@@@

TEST 32

18/10/2024

Subject

D-9792-17

Protocol

With a reconstructed “Space Eater” device, the vessel repeated the same experiment performed illegally by Dr. Stern.

Results

The subject saw two humanoid figures composed of light, embracing one another, a male and a female. When they noticed him, the male touched the control board of the spacecraft, resulting in an abrupt stop of the vessel. The subject suffered no damage.

@@@@

Research on the anomaly has been indefinitely suspended.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-9791](SCP-9791) | SCP-9792 | [SCP-9793](SCP-9793) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
