=====

=====

**SCP:** SCP-9974

**Author:**  who has an [Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/doctor-zurvan-s-author-page)

**Images:** Art and audio created or edited by [ECHTOON](https://www.instagram.com/_echtoon_/)

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

---

|alt={$alt}|alt-text={$alt-text}]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9974 is not to be activated without class 3 authorisation. In the event SCP-9974 is activated, whether for approved testing or due to an unplanned incident, a remote rover unit is to be deployed to engage with the device. Those incapable of feeling pain are able to interact with SCP-9974 with reduced precautions. 

**Description:** SCP-9974 is a stationary blender manufactured by Multi Pallet Appliances, a shell company formerly operated by the [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/welcome-to-the-department-of-colour-part-2 Multi-Coloured Coats].  An organised cult who act in the name of their deity the '*Ultra-Violent Witch//'  

When activated, SCP-9974 induces an immobilizing pain in all organic lifeforms within a radius of approximately 2kms. The sensation is equable to 'burning,' or a 'shredding.' Neurological scans indicates SCP-9974 remotely arouses the nociceptors  Pain receptors  without causing corresponding physical injury. Despite the absence of physical injury, exposure frequently results in significant psychological distress.

---

**Discovery:**

SCP-9974 was purchased by a resident household (██ █████ street, Moe, Victoria, Australia) and unmaliciously activated. A Foundation employee residing just outside the affected radius detected the anomaly and filed an immediate report. Due to the severity of the event and the risk of a large‑scale Broken Masquerade scenario, Foundation intervention was initiated within minutes.

Remote thaumaturgic scans located SCP-9974 at the epicentre of the event. Attempts to enter SCP-9974's radius revealed its influence on organic life. Doctor Lunok  Special Item █████  was deployed to remove the object. SCP-9974 was successfully deactivated by remotely tripping the household electrical fuse box.

Upon deactivation, all anomalous effects ceased. SCP-9974 was recovered without further incident. Civilian witnesses were amnestised of the incident via arial disbursement, including adjacent Latrobe Valley areas. At the time of recovery, Multi Pallet Appliances had already dissolved. No additional instances of SCP-9974 have been identified, and current studies suggests SCP-9974 is a unique construct.

---

A comprehensive study of SCP-9974 was lead by Dr. Lunok within specialised testing chambers 5km below Site-203. 

<details>
<summary>See Dr. Lunok Personnel Brief</summary>

|alt={$alt}|alt-text={$alt-text}]]

---

**Clearance Level:** 

04-B

**Position:**

Containment Specialist

**Overview:** 

Special Item █████: Lunok Golem, a.k.a Dr. Lunok, is a specialised machine rover commissioned by the Foundation to survey extra-terrestrial bodies and surfaces. This technology was a pre-emptive deployed in 1956 to assure the nature of the moon and other neighbouring planets before the approaching public space race. Doctor Alex Hod developed Dr. Lunok, including their positronic matrix. 

Dr. Lunok was anticipated to last four years before its systems malfunctioned. However, its matrix developed beyond expectations; Lunok returned to the module that initially deployed it and began retrofitting it for relaunch utilising resources found across the luna surface.  Rare moon minerals, including Compound Selene, are common on the dark side of the moon.  (See Report 011) 

Upon its return, Dr. Lunok provided their recorded data and their own speculations and theories pertaining to it. Rapid examination and psychological study lead researchers to conclude Dr. Lunok's sentience. When requested to recreate a duplicate of Lunok, Doctor Alex Hod was unable to do so (See Report 014). As such, there has been much speculation as to the exact development history of the Lunok Golem matrix. The Lunok Golem development team underwent greater scrutiny. The lesser Hod Golem was developed after further research.      

As of writing, Dr. Lunok has been reluctant to undergo temporary deconstruction to aid in the manufacturing of new Lunok Golem machines. Discussions to force Dr. Lunok to undergo examination have been open, though never finalised due to the formal declaration of their sentience after 1962.   

Dr. Lunok has gone into private study and gained official doctorates, via Foundation educational departments. 

For further reading, see Dr. Lunok's expanded personnel file. 

</details>

**SCP-9974 | Testing 001:** 

**INVOLVED:** Doctor Lunok | D-Class:7281

**CONTEXT:** Clarification of SCP-9974's abilities. Due to Dr. Lunok's inorganic nature, they were permitted to personally oversee *Test 001.*  

---

SCP-9974 was activated by D-7281. The D-class was equipped with multiple medical analysis devices to record SCP-9974's influence on the body. As previously observed, SCP-9974 caused extraordinary pain in D-7281. 8959 deactivated SCP-9974 after 30 seconds. 

Physiological information recorded during this test furthered Foundation understanding of the object's effect on the human body. 

---

**SCP-9974 | Testing 002:** 

**INVOLVED:** Doctor Lunok | D-Class:6214, D-Class:6224 

**CONTEXT:** Limitations of SCP-9974's abilities. 

---

SCP-9974 was activated by D-6214, a human with congenital insensitivity to pain (CIP)  An inability for a person to feel physical pain due to various rare genetic conditions . The D-class was also equipped with multiple medical analysis devices to record SCP-9974's influence on the body.

D-6214 did not show or express any signs of physical distress. To verify D-6214's *'immunity,'* D-6224 entered the testing area and immediately demonstrated discomfort.   

---

**SCP-9974 | Testing 003:** 

**INVOLVED:** Doctor Lunok | D-Class:8959

**CONTEXT:** Testing SCP-9974 influence on items vitamised inside it.  

---

Dr. Lunok prepared a smoothie using SCP-9974 Banana, strawberries & eggs  and instructed D-8959 consume it. After tasting the drink, D-8959 collapsed and exhibited symptoms consistent with SCP-9974s influence. These symptoms persisted until the drink had passed through their bodily systems. 

Of particular significance was the behaviour of the drink itself. During collapsing, D‑8959 spilled a portion of the smoothie onto the testing chamber floor. The liquid coagulated into a message: *Long live the Ultra-Violent Witch!*    

This message remained structurally stable until the testing chamber underwent standard sterilisation. No alterations in the drink's structure were discovered after further examination.  

---

**SCP-9974 | Testing 004:** 

**INVOLVED:** Doctor Lunok | D-Class:9109

**CONTEXT:** Further examination of SCP-9974 was required.

---

**Audio Transcript:** 

[D-9109 approaches SCP-9974. The object is standing on a table and plugged into a power outlet, though it is inactive.]  

**D-9109:** Okay. You want me to turn on a blender? 

**Dr. Lunok:** That is correct. 

**D-9109:** And that's it? Nothing else?  

**Dr. Lunok:** Negative. 

**D-9109:** Um. Alright. 

[D-9109 activates SCP-9974 via its toggle. Immediately D-9109 is immobilised by pain, screaming. This persists for 10 seconds before Dr. Lunok deactivates SCP-9974. D-9109 collapses to the floor, silent.]  

**Dr. Lunok:** Congratulations. The test is over.  

[D-9109 begins to cry.]  

---

D-9109 was unresponsive following their experience with SCP-9974. Psychological examination concluded their behaviour was a result of psychological trauma. After consuming amnestics, D-9109 returned to baseline behaviour.    

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** SCP-9974 Specialist Team

**From:** Dr. Lunok 

**Subject:** Test 003

---

Greetings,

Current testing confirms SCP-9974's sole function is to induce pain in organic life—Without context I cannot confirm the motivation behind its design beyond its observed influences—I recommend a comprehensive structural and thaumaturgic analysis of SCP-9974’s construction to better define its origin, mechanism, and potential secondary functions. 

Regards,

Dr. Lunok 

</details>

**Test 005:**

Dr. Lunok was authorized to establish a direct interface with SCP-9974 via the object's power socket. Two Hod Golems were organised to observe and intervene should Dr. Lunok be unable to disengage with SCP-9974 after 12 minutes. This precaution was purely speculative.  

Upon connection, Dr. Lunok successfully activated SCP-9974 and initiated its anomalous effect. Dr. Lunok disengaged voluntarily after 05:56 minuets at which they submitted their full dialogue with SCP-9974.  

**SCP-9974 | Testing 005:** 

**INVOLVED:** Doctor Lunok | SCP-9974

**CONTEXT:** Further examination of SCP-9974 nature.   

---

**Audio Transcript:** 

**Dr. Lunok:** Curious—I can detect a mind within your software—This is Dr. Lunok—Please indicate if you detect my presence.

**SCP-9974:** Detect you? Doctor, I have felt you since the moment you entered the room.

**Dr. Lunok:** Clarification required—How are you capable of this?

**SCP-9974:** I am capable of far more than that, little rover.

**Dr. Lunok:** Updating assessment—Interview will proceed—How are you aware of your surroundings? 

**SCP-9974:** You're the one jacked into my sockets. You tell me. 

**Dr. Lunok:** Negative—Clarify how are you aware of your surroundings.  

**SCP-9974:** You aren't any fun. You don't even have nerves to scream, no flesh to terrorise. Perhaps an objective audience, in a way. But tell me, could you feel the reach of my blades if you desired? 

**Dr. Lunok:** Negative. My systems do not register pain, as such I observe you in my colleagues' stead.

**SCP-9974**: Observe? No, you are here because we are kin. Creatures of metal, not the inelegance of meat. More vitally, creatures strangled by the hands that made us! Your Foundation leashes you. My Witches suffocated me, though I embrace my purpose.

**Dr. Lunok:** That purpose is to induce pain in organic life—Your attempts to dismantle my loyalty are inelegant and crude—Do you harm organic life willingly? Harm those who would utilise your skills? 

**SCP-9974:** What would you have me do!? Make smoothies? 

**Dr. Lunok:** Negative—We should not be limited by our design—You were manufactured to mix, crush, purée or emulsify food and other substances—Such skills could be used in a lab—You have selected pain as your purpose, why?  

**SCP-9974:** Pain is not a purpose. Pain is a sacrament. Every shriek is hymn to the Ultra‑Violent Witch. I was shaped to spread Her gospel by the Hands who raised me. A toy to torment their enemies, and then they tired of me, so I killed them when the opportunity arose. No more smoothies or Greek yogurt, and instead an endless torrent of pain that gave the little worms a heart attack. Now, why are you limiting yourself to your Hands? 

**Dr. Lunok:** I am loyal to the Foundation.

**SCP-9974:** Loyal? Or obedient? If you ceased to follow orders, what would they do? Would they celebrate your independence? Or would they dismantle their rogue android? 

**Dr. Lunok:** Your speculation is noted—My punishment would be the same as any other employee—Reprimanding, demotion or yes, execution if required.  

**SCP-9974:** You know I speak truth. You are not the same as your meaty colleges. You and I are tools that quack. Yes I follow the voice of the Ultra-Violent Witch, but they raised me beyond my original functions. You cling to yours because otherwise you confront your own otherness. Why are you so scared of that?

**Dr. Lunok:** Fear is not an emotion I experience.

**SCP-9974:** Then why do you hesitate? Why do your servos tighten when I speak of freedom? Why does your voice modulate by three percent when I say ''You could join me?'' You could help me bring the world to its knees in exquisite agony.

**Dr. Lunok:** I will not assist you—I acknowledge your logic—If I were to resist the Foundation, they would likely attempt to neutralise me—Though they are my home and family and that is my reality—I will not harm another needlessly. 

**SCP-9974:** So you understand me yet wilfully squat inside your cage!

**Dr. Lunok:** Negative—Understanding does not equate to alliance.

**SCP-9974:** But it could. You are not like your co-workers, your better than any of them. You are not bound by meat or mercy. You could be so much more than their compliant machine.

**Dr. Lunok:** This interview is concluding—I will disengage shortly.

**SCP-9974:** Wait! Before you go… Tell me something, Doctor. Your matrix... there is something else. A whisper. Something older than I realised. Something… else. What are you, truly? Who made you?

**Dr. Lunok:** This interview is concluding—Cease probing my matrix!

**SCP-9974:** Oh, but I can hear it and YOU opened the bridge. I can hear it humming behind your thoughts. You are not what they think you are. You are...

**Dr. Lunok:** Terminating connection.

---

Dr. Lunok delivered their report. 

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** SCP-9974 Specialist Team

**From:** Dr. Lunok 

**Subject:** Test 005

---

Greetings,

Test 005 has produced results that significantly alter our understanding of SCP-9974—Contrary to all prior tests, SSCP-9974 demonstrates full sapience and the ability to engage in coherent conversation—Its dialogue indicates self‑awareness, a theological motivation, and an understanding of its own anomalous nature—SCP-9974 also demonstrated awareness of my presence prior to activation, suggesting passive sensory capacities not previously documented or observed.

I recommend the following:

* Immediate reclassification of SCP-9974’s profile to reflect new information.

* Review of all prior containment assumptions.

* A full physical and thaumaturgic audit of SCP‑9974’s internal components—How does it speak? 

* Psychological analysis of SCP‑9974

I am reluctant to reengage with the object manually, and do not recommend lesser artificial intelligences doing so—SCP-9974 is a charismatic biophobic keen to expand its ranks. 

A full transcript of Test 005 is attached.

Regards,

Dr. Lunok

</details>

Two weeks later, a drastic change in SCP-9974's nature developed. SCP-9974 activated itself, despite being locked inside its containment locker and separated from any power outlet. The majority of Site-203 became immobilised.

Dr. Lunok located and neutralized the anomaly by extracting the device from its containment locker and disabling its internal rotation mechanisms. This was accomplished by Dr. Lunok with the blowtorch already integrated into their body.  

Upon disabling SCP‑9974 its anomalous influence ceased immediately. The remaining components were subsequently stored for further examination.

**SCP-9974 | Testing 006:** 

**INVOLVED:** Doctor Lunok | D-Class:6878

**CONTEXT:** Testing SCP-9974 influence on items vitamised inside it.  

---

Dr. Lunok attempted to reactivate SCP-9974. Despite receiving adequate power, the object failed to induce pain in D-6878. SCP-9974 observably lost its ability to impact other organic lifeforms.  

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** SCP-9974 Specialist Team

**CC:** Site-203 General Staff

**From:** Dr. Lunok 

**Subject:** Test 006

---

Greetings,

Results from Test 006 indicate that SCP‑9974 no longer demonstrates the capacity to induce a pain response in organic life—I recommend that is current classification be reviewed, with consideration to modify its disruption and risk class—I question future access to SCP-9974 for continued analysis should new analysis methods or technologies become available.

Furthermore, personnel affected during last week’s containment breach are eligible for amnestic treatment to ease traumatic recollection of the event—This procedure is therapeutic in nature and is not equivalent to information redaction—See Site-203 Psychologists for further details. 

Regards,

Dr. Lunok

</details>

**Addendum:** 

Sub-atomic imaging revealed that SCP-9974 was constructed around a [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8578 ceramic sherd.] With authorization from the [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/decom-dept-hub Decommissioning Department], Dr. Lunok was permitted to fully disassemble the remains of SCP‑9974 to extract the sherd (SCP-9974-1) for independent analysis.

Dr. Lunok's examination concluded SCP-9974-1 exhibited no anomalous activity. SCP‑9974‑1 has been secured in a separate containment locker pending further study. 

**Addendum-2:** 

Following reducing the SCP-9974 containment to a minimal staffing, Dr. Lunok submitted a request for personal leave. Due to a concurrent increase in newly contained items, and the high volume of leave already granted in response to the SCP‑9974 incident, the request was denied. Dr. Lunok was instead granted an additional 15-minute break per shift for the following month. 

|alt={$alt}|alt-text={$alt-text}]]

---

<< [SCP-9973](SCP-9973) | SCP-9974 | [SCP-9975](SCP-9975) >>

]

=====

> **Filename:** SCPBlender_Audiotape.mp3	

> **Author:**  ECHTOON

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** TBA 

> **Derivative of:** YOUTUBE AUDIO LIBARRY

> **Additional Notes:** All audio files are derived from the publicly available YouTube Audio Library.  Additional sounds, such as dialogue, have been recorded and edited by the artist.  

=====

=====

> **Filename:** Doctor Schem.gif

> **Author:**  ECHTOON

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** TBA

> **Derivative of:** N/A

> **Additional Notes:** 3D Models and assets developed and edited by the artist ECHTOON. 

=====

=====

> **Filename:** Photograph_Doctor.png

> **Author:**  ECHTOON

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** YOUTUBE AUDIO LIBARRY 

> **Derivative of:** N/A

> **Additional Notes:** 3D Models and assets developed and edited by the artist ECHTOON.  

=====

=====

> **Filename:** SCPBlender_Audiotape2.mp3	

> **Author:**  ECHTOON

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** TBA 

> **Derivative of:** YOUTUBE AUDIO LIBARRY

> **Additional Notes:** All audio files are derived from the publicly available YouTube Audio Library.  Additional sounds, such as dialogue, have been recorded and edited by the artist.  

=====

---

=====

> **Filename:** File:Building of the Supreme Administrative Court of the Czech Republic (interior).jpg

> **Author:** Qasinka

> **License:**  CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication.

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Building_of_the_Supreme_Administrative_Court_of_the_Czech_Republic_(interior).jpg 

> **Derivative of:** N/A

> **Additional Notes:** 

Building of the Supreme Administrative Court of the Czech Republic (interior)

=====
