=====

=====

**SCP-9780** - Here Comes The Airplane!

If you enjoyed this consider checking out my [Author Page :)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/p-p-place)

**Item #:** SCP-9780

**Object Class:** Hypatia

**Special Containment Procedures:** Cargo trucks set to transport plastic memorabilia and/or utensils to Site-Turquoise are to be screened beforehand.

**Description:** First discovered within Hisar Intercontinental Hospital, SCP-9780 collectively designates a subspecies of Silverfish (*Lepisma saccharinum*).

**Morphology:** Average juvenile specimens have a concave body structure 3 inches in length and possess specialized chromatophores that result in highly saturated exoskeletons. Said exoskeletons also posses a non-newtonian quality, hardening in response to physical pressure.  This effect mostly impacts their dorsal plates as to not interfere in the feeding process.

**Lifecycle:** While all specimens have been shown to lead a highly stationary lifestyle, juveniles frequently locomote through sewage systems or water pipes. Shedding their Cerci or forelimbs during adolescence. A comprehensive lifecycle beyond an approximate age of 18 years has yet to be observed due to lack of proper study. This is expected to change following the coming summer season.

**Distribution:** Concentrated in North America and Europe, mature specimens prefer to inhabit illuminated and open locations. Contrary to this, juveniles exhibit extremophilic tendencies towards high-pressure and sterile water sources.

**Diet:** Members of SCP-9780 reproduce and eat simultaneously, detaching clumps of offspring during feeding while slowly metabolizing through their exoskeletons. Specimens are unable to digest cellulose or standard carbohydrates, instead periodically ingesting organic epithelial tissue and mucus. Commonly found within infants.

<< [SCP-9779](SCP-9779) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9781](SCP-9781) >>

> **Filename:** Baby beim füttern.JPG

> **Author:** Curtis Newton ↯

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0 de

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Baby_beim_f%C3%BCttern.JPG

> **Additional Notes:** Metadata extracted from Wikimedia Commons using SCP Licensebox Wizard; License URL: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/de/deed.en
