**Item #:** SCP-9046

**Object Class:** Alive

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9046 is alive. All reports to the contrary are compromised, and individuals who submit them are subject to decontamination procedures. Being alive, SCP-9046 has food, water, shelter, and enrichment needs consistent with alive entities, which Site-25 is currently responsible for providing on a regular basis. When not tasked with providing, Site-25 personnel are split into teams with the following purposes:

* Conceptualizing ways to meet SCP-9046's needs more efficiently.

* Observing SCP-9046.

* Authoring reports on the significance of SCP-9046 and its alive qualities.

* Reviewing the aforementioned reports for signs that a member of personnel may require decontamination.

These tasks take precedence over all other Foundation duties and personal responsibilities.

**Description:** SCP-9046 is alive.

**Addendum:**

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *(SCP-9046's containment chamber. It is in the middle of the room, surrounded by 73 gray plastic trays arranged in circles around it. These trays have various foods in states of molding and rot on them, as well as a single glass of water each. Flies swarm many of them. Alongside these trays are an assortment of books, vinyl records, paintings, and video game cartridges. The room is lit by a single low-watt bulb directly above SCP-9046, which leaves the corners shrouded in darkness.)*

> 

> *(Junior Researcher Emily Proctor enters. She is carrying a tray with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, a small bag of Lays potato chips, a red delicious apple, and a glass of water on it. Her hair is disheveled; her eyes are puffy and bloodshot; her rib cage is prominently visible through her uniform. Her hands shake as she carries the tray.)*

> 

> *(She takes slow and deliberate steps around the edge of the circle, being careful not to step on any of the trays or enrichment items, until she finds an empty space to place the tray down. After doing so, she removes a paperback copy of* Gulliver's Travels *from the inside of her lab coat and places it next to the tray.)*

> 

> *(She stands up and stares at SCP-9046 in silence for some time, her hands still shaking. SCP-9046 is alive.)*

> 

> *(The breach alarm begins to sound; red light periodically fills the room, revealing an emaciated corpse in the far corner. Junior Researcher Proctor continues staring.)*

> 

> *(She smiles. She is not alive. SCP-9046 is alive.)*

> 

> **[END LOG]**

<< [SCP-9045](SCP-9045) | SCP-9046 | [SCP-9047](SCP-9047) >>
