**Item #:** SCP-9326

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9326 is to be kept in a clean kitchen cabinet amongst non-anomalous bowls and plates when not being taken out for testing purposes. When testing SCP-9326, the testing chamber must be cleaned top to bottom with an odorless disinfecting agent, otherwise the object's anomalous properties will not manifest. Once this is done, a wooden table made from the *Swietenia* genus will be placed into the testing chamber. The size of the table does not matter, but wood type is non-negotiable.

The table is then to be covered by a tablecloth containing absolutely no artificial fibers. SCP-9326 is to be placed at the center of the table with gloved hands. Once SCP-9326 is set onto the covered table, it is to be surrounded by all of the following items without exception. The objects must be placed in order as listed. They must also be completely accurate to the guidelines stated, otherwise the object's anomalous properties will not manifest.

* One five-inch porcelain plate, positioned to the upper left of SCP-9326.

* One five-inch butterknife, placed diagonally on top of the five-inch plate. The edge of the butterknife must face towards the napkin. 

* One three-inch dessert spoon, placed at the upper lip of SCP-9326. The round edge of the spoon must be facing the lefthand side.

* One three-inch dessert fork, placed above the dessert spoon. The prongs of the fork must be facing the righthand side.

* One crystalware goblet, positioned to the upper right of SCP-9326. The goblet must be filled with mineral water.

* One crystalware sherry glass, placed to the right of the water goblet. The sherry glass must be filled with either Amontillado or Oloroso sherry.

* One crystalware wine glass, placed below the sherry glass. The wine glass must be filled with white wine, specifically Albariño.

* One crystalware champagne glass, placed to the left of the wine glass. The champagne glass must be filled with Blanc de Blancs. It is important to note that none of the glasses must ever touch at any given time. 

* One non-paper napkin, placed to the left of SCP-9326. The napkin must rest four inches from SCP-9326.

* One fish fork, placed to the left of SCP-9326. The fish fork must rest three inches from SCP-9326.

* One entrée fork, placed to the left of SCP-9326. The entrée fork must rest two inches from SCP-9326.

* One salad fork, placed to the left of SCP-9326. The salad fork must rest one inch from SCP-9326.

* One salad knife, placed to the right of SCP-9326. The salad knife must rest one inch from SCP-9326.

* One entrée knife, placed to the right of SCP-9326. The entrée knife must rest two inches from SCP-9326.

* One fish knife, placed to the right of SCP-9326. The fish knife must rest three inches from SCP-9326.

* One soup spoon, placed to the right of SCP-9326. The soup spoon must rest four inches from SCP-9326.

* One oyster fork, placed to the right of SCP-9326. The oyster fork must rest five inches from SCP-9326.

Inactive instances of SCP-9326-2 are permitted to be taken by Foundation staff for personal use.

**Description:** SCP-9326 resembles a white porcelain plate with a gilded trim. The Chinese character for 'fancy' 意.  has been engraved on the bottom of SCP-9326, and filled in with jade. When not active, SCP-9326 can be used as a regular plate, and is safe to be machine washed.

SCP-9325 possesses human-level intelligence, but is incapable of expressing its emotions verbally. The changes in SCP-9326's mood are noted by the Chinese character on its lower side. SCP-9326 can independently alter the character to represent a change in its mood. However, SCP-9326 only uses these alterations to express discontent when not treated to its absurd personal standards. Observed characters have been 'angry' 恼. , 'gross' 毛. , 'stupid' 愚. , and 'die'  亡. . 

The object's secondary property manifests when the above procedures are enacted. After approximately three minutes and 45 seconds, SCP-9326 will self-replicate. The original instance of SCP-9326 is now referred to as SCP-9326-1, and all created instances are now designated as SCP-9326-2. Each instance of SCP-9326-2 will then materialize various food items, upon which they cease being anomalous. SCP-9326-1 will not manifest food atop of itself. The food produced always seems to be some sort of seafood dinner. ~~It is unknown if the food can currently be consumed.~~ The manifested food items have been deemed non-anomalous in nature, and can be safely consumed.

**Addendum:**  SCP-9326 was discovered at a crockery store in the Shandong Province, located in northern China. A note was attached with a single piece of Scotch Tape, and contained a detailed guide on how to arrange a fancy dinner using the plate in both English and Chinese.' The Chinese version of the guide is practically illegible, as it contains a hefty amount of gibberish characters. . It was purchased by Junior Researcher Jane ██████ as a gift for her girlfriend. When arranging the plates according to the attached guide, SCP-9326’s anomalous properties activated. 

Junior Researcher Jane ██████ later turned the original instance of SCP-9326 over to the Foundation, where it has remained since. When questioned on where the original owner acquired the plate, the owner of the store confirmed someone had traded it in for a fee of ¥3,400 Around $500 in USD. . Below is a transcribed interview of the storeowner’s testimony.

> **Interviewed:** [Mr. ████ Wěi]

> 

> **Interviewer:** [Dr. ███████ Lee]

> 

> **Foreword:** [Dr.  ███████ Lee entered under the guise of being a collector of valuable crockery. The interview is roughly translated from Mandarin]

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Mr. ████ Wěi:** I don’t see why you’re here about me. I sell all sorts of plates.

> 

> **Dr. ███████ Lee:** A very nice one, I might add. And, I am not concerned about the plate itself. What I’m curious about is where you got it from.

> 

> **Mr. ████ Wěi:** Well, it was ████ of last year. Or, maybe ████? Either way, I got it last year. We have a policy, you see.

> 

> **Dr. ███████ Lee:** Go on.

> 

> **Dr. S███████:** You can sell a plate to me, and I pay based on appearance. I don’t remember what the person who owned it looked like, unfortunately. Cataracts are stealing my eyes.

> 

> **D-900231:** Do you have security footage of the person entering?

> 

> **Dr. S███████:** No, sadly. The only electric things that work here are the lights and the door.

> 

> **D-900231:** That’s a shame. I was hoping I could get something from the original artist. Thank you for your time.

> 

> **D-900231:** Have a nice day, sir.

> 

> **Dr.  ███████ Lee:** Oh, actually, before I leave. Could I take a look at one of those bowls?

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** [Dr.  ███████ Lee purchased a bowl from Mr. ████ Wěi. As of transcription, no anomalous properties have been noted in the bowl.]

Multiple tests were conducted using different orientations of the required items, but none besides the above have shown to activate the object's anomalous properties. Comparisons between the food produced by SCP-9326-2 and normal, non-anomalously produced food have shown absolutely no visual or chemical difference. Below is a transcribed interview of a D-Class staff member instructed to eat the food present on SCP-9326-2.

> **Interviewed:** [D-900231]

> 

> **Interviewer:** [Dr. S███████]

> 

> **Foreword:** [D-900231 was given a verbal command to eat at least one of the items on the plates.]

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. S███████:** Can you just take ONE thing? ONE. That is all I am asking.

> 

> **D-900231:** I HAVE BEEN HERE LONG ENOUGH TO KNOW THERE'S ALWAYS A CATCH.

> 

> **Dr. S███████:** THERE'S NO CATCH. JUST EAT SOMETHING.

> 

> **D-900231:** What reason do I have to believe you? You could just be saying that!

> 

> **Dr. S███████:** *Juro por Dios que me voy a suicidar...*

> 

> **D-900231:** How do I know this isn't gonna...turn my skeleton into eggshells? O-or make my blood thinner than water? Or...I dunno, become sentient in my stomach and lay eggs in my gallbladder-

> 

> **Dr. S███████:** WE WON'T KNOW UNLESS YOU EAT IT.

> 

> **D-900231:** FINE. But if this makes me into some immortal "fuck-you-die" monster, I'm breaking this glass and killing *you* first.

> 

> [D-900231 reaches for the fish fork and takes a single pan-seared scallop of one of the inactive SCP-9326-2 instances. He eats it after a long moment of hesitation.]

> 

> [D-900231 chews, then swallows after several seconds of chewing.]

> 

> **D-900231:** Holy shit.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** [Dr. S███████ was given a slight reprimand for his informal behavior during the test. D-900231 was permitted to eat as much as he cared to. D-200931 later suffered indigestion in his cell.]

Attempts to communicate with SCP-9326 have been made, but most have proven unsuccessful.

<< [SCP-9325](SCP-9325) | SCP-9326 | [SCP-9327](SCP-9327) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
