=====

=====

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:scp-trans-pride">:scp-wiki:theme:scp-trans-pride</a> |trans-pride-logo= ~~] |trans-pride-footer= ~~]]]

**Item #:** SCP-9004

**Object Class:** Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9004 is presently uncontainable and, as psychometry is widely regarded with skepticism by the global population, does not require any containment efforts. As of 09/24/2025, the investigation into SCP-9004’s nature has concluded and the Department of Analytics has published a full report. Following Incident 09/25/2025, the file was pulled from the database until further review.

**Description:** SCP-9004 designates an anomalous phenomenon in which corpses analyzed by psychometrists contain far more data, (in some cases, up to 80 years), than could have been accumulated during the affected corpse’s life. Analysis of said data reveals that it is a continuation of the subject’s life post-mortem until a death of old age or other natural causes. 

The experiences of all SCP-9004-affected corpses appear to be universally positive and idealized, significantly more than all Foundation simulations, including divination, brute-force calculation, and observations of alternate timelines. Further analysis has shown that these sequences would have had an average chance of  less than 0.01% of coming to pass within baseline reality.

The following conditions have been determined as necessary for SCP-9004’s activation:

* The subject was under 50 years of age at time of death;

* The subject died in an unlikely way (<5% probability);

* The subject had lived a life in which the majority of their experiences were negative or traumatic.

Individually, each of these conditions have also been determined to be sufficient for activation. All corpses meeting these conditions tested by the Foundation were found to have been affected by SCP-9004.

= **Addendum -- Incident 09/25/2025**

Following the finalization of SCP-9004’s file, the project lead, Dr. Joseph Watts, was found dead in his home of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. His wife and son were found dead in the same room, and forensic analysis determined that they had been shot by Dr Watts. This was the first of a similar wave of suicides throughout the wider Foundation. A review by the Fire Suppression Department into the detrimental effect of knowledge of SCP-9004 on the Foundation’s aims is ongoing.

Of note, despite meeting the conditions for SCP-9004’s activation, it was not triggered in the case of Dr. Watts.

<< [SCP-9003](SCP-9003) | SCP-9004 | [SCP-9005](SCP-9005) >>
