#### NOTICE FROM THE PARAPHARMACOLOGY DIVISION

This document is Level 3/9150 Classified. Any requests for Treatment-R9KL is to be forwarded to the Department of Pharmacology, Parapharmacology Division, and/or Senior Researcher Stephanie Allen, alongside all necessary documents.

-- Jason L. Graham, Director, Department of Pharmacology.

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~Ongoing research is being conducted by the Department of Pharmacology in order to find a potential cure to SCP-9150. Foundation staff affected by the anomaly must undergo mandated therapy until the anomalous effect is no longer present.~~

~~Treatment-R9KL is to be synthesized and sold at Foundation-owned pharmacies under the common name of ██████ ████.~~

SCP-9150 is to be left uncontained. Treatment-R9KL is available for all Foundation staff on request. (See Addendum 9150.1)

**Description:** SCP-9150 refers to an anomaly that is present in the mind of every living *Homo sapiens*.

The anomalous effects of SCP-9150 are triggered when a person experiences a high concentration of negative emotions, and the anomaly will last until the individual has fully recovered from the trigger event. During SCP-9150, the individual will progressively lose a specific memory or concept, with the effect intensifying when the individual speak, thinks, or otherwise directly acknowledge the concept. The effects of SCP-9150 can be categorized into ~~4~~ 5 distinct stages, and a single affected individual can inhabit multiple stages of SCP-9150 for different memories. An advancement of the anomaly will also be accompanied by a specific activation event.

| Stage # | Effect | Activation Event |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Individual starts experiencing difficulty in remembering minor details of the memory. | Individual freezes in place and stares forward. |
| 2 | Individual begins to lose long term memories that are related to the core concept. | Individual crouches down and lies flat on the ground. If the ground is not appropriate for the action, the individual will wander around in search of an appropriate surface. |
| 3 | Individual have great difficulty in recalling the concept, requiring intense concentration. | Individual stares to the ceiling for a few seconds before whispering the phrase "Don't forget."All affected individuals during this event will speak the phrase in English regardless of their fluency or skill with the English language. |
| 4 | Individual completely loses all memory of the concept. However, the lost concept can still be retaught from scratch, and memories can be artificially replanted. | Individual will continuously scream before passing out. Affected individuals have been recorded to take from five seconds up to three months to awaken. |
| 5 | Individual loses ability to observe and comprehend the affected concept. Currently known to be permanent. | UnknownIt is currently debated whether a definitive Stage 5 Activation Event exist or not. |
From various Foundation records, there exists numerous evidence to SCP-9150 having been present in the human history for an indeterminate amount of time, presumably since the first emergence of *Homo sapiens*. The fact that the anomaly was only recently classified as SCP-9150 by the Foundation suggests that the anomaly was retroactively introduced into the collective noosphere.

To date, there has been a total of ~~1~~ ~~4~~ ~~12~~ ~~63~~ 221 recorded instances of individuals progressing to Stage 5 of the anomaly.

**Discovery:** The Foundation became aware of SCP-9150 on 5/7/2020 when Junior Researcher Sasha F. Hiller reported having problems with remembering specific details about their assigned research. Hiller was initially prescribed countertop medications, which were ineffective. After reports of similar symptoms in Foundation personnel, and reports from various Foundation-owned public hospitals of the same illness being present in the general populace, the anomaly was designated as SCP-9150, and the Paramedical Department was assigned for further research on the anomaly and its effects.

[[collapsible show="Experiment Log-9150.α" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

During experimentation, various Foundation employees that have reported symptoms attributed to SCP-9150 were interviewed in order to learn more about its effects. This protocol was further extended to also include civilians who were admitted in Foundation-owned hospitals for similar symptoms.

| SubjectSorted chronologically by interview date. | Background | Results | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Junior Researcher Sasha F. Hiller | Subject's pet hamster died of complications. | Subject have some difficulty in remembering what rodents normally look like. | Subject was assigned in the research team for an anomaly related to rats and other similar rodents. |
| Janitor Jane Owen | Subject engaged in physical violence with Researcher Ulysses Boom. | Subject have slight difficulty recalling details about the incident. Subject also reported to have, "spent way too much money on useless crap these pasts few days." | After the incident, Subject's pay was cut for 2 months as disciplinary action. |
| Junior Researcher Steven Allen | Subject's mother was killed in a car accident. | Subject lost almost all memory of the incident. When questioned about their deceased mother, subject said that the only thing they remember was that "she's no longer here." | Subject requested Foundation therapy and a paid leave for 1 month. Request was partially accepted. |
| D-12993 | Subject was present during another anomaly's containment breach on 7/7/2007. | Subject lost all memory of the incident. Subject was also reported to have become more calm and collected. | The containment breach resulted in 12 casualties and 29 injuries, 21 of which are D-classes. |
| Researcher Ulysses Boom | Subject engaged in physical violence with Janitor Jane Owen. | Subject have major difficulty recalling details about the incident, reporting that they only "know it was a horrible mistake." When questioned about Janitor Owen, Subject stared blankly with confusion. | After the incident, Subject was put on suspension for 1 month as disciplinary action. |
| O-█ | [REDACTED] | [REDACTED] | [REDACTED] |
| PoI-9150-1 | Subject was a witness to Incident-8232-Alpha. | Subject lost all memory of Incident-8232-Alpha. | Subject had recovered fully from SCP-9150 prior to the interview. |
| **34 ENTRIES OMITTED FOR BREVITY** |
| PoI-9150-23 | Subject was a witness to Incident-8232-Alpha. | Subject can no longer comprehend Incident-8232-Alpha, among other related concepts. | Subject was the first recorded instance of the Stage 5 effects of SCP-9150. |
| **145 ENTRIES OMITTED FOR BREVITY** |

**Addendum-9150.1**

Treatment-R9KL is an anomalous drug synthesized by the Parapharmacology Division, having the ability to permanently cure SCP-9150 in an individual, with a success rate of 100% in all recorded instances. However, Treatment-R9KL cannot recover memories and concepts lost during the anomaly, only removing the anomaly itself from the individual.

More information on the components and synthesis of Treatment-R9KL is strictly classified. If necessary, contact Senior Researcher Stephanie Allen for requesting access to Document-R9KL-1 and Document-R9KL-2.

**Addendum-9150.2**

PoI-9150-1 was the first civilian to be interviewed by the Paramedical Department as part of Experiment-9150.A, under the guise of a therapy session. PoI-9150-1 was a witness in Incident-8232-Alpha, the containment breach of an anomaly that lead to approximately 253 civilian casualties during the time period between 3/9/1988 to 11/3/2011 before the anomaly was eventually contained by the Foundation on 12/3/2011.

More information on the anomaly and Incident-8232-Alpha is strictly classified. If necessary, contact the Cryptozoology Division and/or Division Director Whittaker for requesting access to the SCP document.

[[collapsible show="Interview Log-9150.A" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

= **INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**Date:** 6/8/2022

**Interviewed:** PoI-9150-1

**Interviewer:** Field Agent Sophie S. Smitten

**Foreword:** The interview was conducted in ███████ Clinic, Surrey, England. Field Agent Smitten was substituted in place of PoI-9150-1's assigned therapist.

---

**<Begin Log, @@[13:23]@@>**

**Field Agent Smitten:** *Ahem.* Good afternoon, Mr. Pedro Ivor.

**PoI-9150-1:** Oh um, hi!

**PoI-9150-1:** Uh, sorry. I just thought I would be meeting my usual today. You know, Miss Guinness? Did something ha-

**Field Agent Smitten:** Oh right. Apologies for the sudden change. She couldn't come to work today for personal reasons. At least that's what she told me.

**PoI-9150-1:** Oh... that's a bummer.

**Field Agent Smitten:** But don't worry! She already gave me all the relevant information I need for this session, and she said she'll be able to return next session. And we can end it early or find a different substitute if you don't feel comfortable talkin-

**PoI-9150-1:** No no no it's fine! I just...

**PoI-9150-1:** ...

**PoI-9150-1:** ...Never mind. Anyway, um, you can start...?

**Field Agent Smitten:** Of course, let's go over some basic things first. How have your daily life been, lately?

**PoI-9150-1:** It's actually quite great lately! I just got a new job at the local Mcdonalds and my first shift will start around next Monday. And I think that-

**...** Extraneous data omitted for brevity.

**PoI-9150-1:** -well, I mean... *Sigh.*

**PoI-9150-1:** I still think about it from time to time...

**Field Agent Smitten:** Hm? What do you mean by that?

**PoI-9150-1:** Oh, you know... that day...

**PoI-9150-1:** It's just, something is missing from my head! I know something happened on that day, but I just... I just can't remember it! Why can't I remember it? Why can't I remember... him?

**Field Agent Smitten:** "Him"? Could you perhaps elaborate?

**PoI-9150-1:** I... well... I. I can't. I don't know.

**PoI-9150-1:** It's just... I think I used to know him. But... it's all gone now.

**Field Agent Smitten:** I see... It seems whatever happened then, it was traumatic enough to have affected your long-term memory.

**PoI-9150-1:** Actually, I remember now... There was another person there. A friend of mine?

**Field Agent Smitten:** Hm?

**PoI-9150-1:** Wyman. Wyman Slate. They were also there. We used to be close friends along with... uhm...

**Field Agent Smitten:** Interesting. Do you still remain in contact with this individ- sorry, friend of yours?

**PoI-9150-1:** No... after that day, we just... drifted apart, I guess. I think they might have took it worse than I did.

**PoI-9150-1:** The last thing I remember... was them talking about trying to "solve the mystery," or something like that. *Sigh.* I just really hope that, no matter where they are, they're doing alright.

**Field Agent Smitten:** I'm sorry for that.

**PoI-9150-1:** Oh, it's fine. It's just been quite a long time by now. As they say, no need to linger on the past!

**...**

**Field Agent Smitten:** Alright, I think that will be all for today. I hope that this was an enjoyable session for both of us.

**PoI-9150-1:** Oh! Since you're not coming back again, I just wanted to say... um, thank you, for being here with me. You're a very sweet person.

**Field Agent Smitten:** It's my pleasure, Mr. Ivor. And who knows? Maybe someday we'll get to have another session together again. *Although hopefully it won't be a substitute like this time.*

**PoI-9150-1:** Right. Uh, then, I'll be going now. Goodbye!

**Field Agent Smitten:** To you, too.

**<End Log, @@[15:32]@@>**

---

**Closing Statement:** PoI-9150-1 mentioned another witness to Incident-8232-Alpha that was previously unaccounted for. Further investigation is needed to find and amnesticize this individual.

 

[[collapsible show="Interview Log-9150.B" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

= **INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**Date:** 9/12/2022

**Interviewed:** PoI-9150-1

**Interviewer:** Field Agent Sophie S. Smitten

**Foreword:** The interview was conducted in ███████ Clinic, Surrey, England. PoI-9150-1 was informed of the interview beforehand.

---

**<Begin Log, @@[18:44]@@>**

**Field Agent Smitten:** Greetings, Mr. Ivor.

**PoI-9150-1:** Hello! It's nice to see you again since last time.

**Field Agent Smitten:** The feeling's mutual, sir.

**Field Agent Smitten:** So, I assume you have heard what this interview will be about, correct?

**PoI-9150-1:** Right. This will be about... my... amnesia? If I remember correctly?

**Field Agent Smitten:** Correct. Using the information I have collected from our last session together, I have discussed with other medical professionals, and the conclusion is that you were experiencing a rare kind of trauma-induced amnesia.

**PoI-9150-1:** Oh. Uh. Well, how does it work?

**...**

**Field Agent Smitten:** -so, in order for us to definitively determine your current health, we'll need as much information about the source of the trauma that we can find, and we hoped that you might possess something that will be useful for further research.

**PoI-9150-1:** ...

**Field Agent Smitten:** And, it's fine if you do not want to cooperate. I understand that you might not want your personal information to be seen by oth-

**PoI-9150-1:** No.

**Field Agent Smitten:** Hm?

**PoI-9150-1:** Oh, uh, I mean, I think I have something.

**PoI-9150-1:** Well, I don't have it on me, but I know that it's in my house... somewhere... I think. Is it fine if I give it to you tomorrow?

**Field Agent Smitten:** Of course. It is no hurry.

**PoI-9150-1:** Alright...

**Field Agent Smitten:** Thank you. Now, let's get back to our usual talk, shall we?

**PoI-9150-1:** Right! Of course.

**...**

**PoI-9150-1:** -you know, like, to spite him. He totally hates cats.

**Field Agent Smitten:** Actually, I've been wanting to ask something, if you don't mind.

**Field Agent Smitten:** How was your friend, Wyman Slate, like? From our sessions, it seems that you two had been close for a long time.

**PoI-9150-1:** Oh! Well, they're like, the nerd of the group. They've always been obsessed with studying and researching and other stuff like that.

**PoI-9150-1:** But also, they're super passionate with adventuring! I remember when they brought us to stea-

**...**

**Field Agent Smitten:** -and I think that concludes this session. Again, thank you for your cooperation, Mr. Ivor.

**PoI-9150-1:** Um... thank you too. See you tomorrow.

**Field Agent Smitten:** You too.

**<End Log, @@[19:53]@@>**

---

**Closing Statement:** On 13/9/2022, PoI-9150-1 returned to ███████ Clinic and gave their personal diary to Field Agent Smitten. (See Document-9150.1N)

 

[[collapsible show="Document-9150.1N" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

Prior to obtainment, the object's pages were glued together shut with a mixture of dirt, water, latex glue, wood glue, super glue, and other various unidentified substances, leaving most pages unintelligible/damaged upon opening for inspection. Relevant pages are scanned and archived in this document file.

1/1/1995

Dear diary,

Look who just got a brand new notebook! Like my last diary I'm just gonna write stuff whenever something interesting happens. Slate thought it was stupid how I always talk to my diaries but they just don't get the vibe honestly.

Anyway, I'm excited to start writing more random shit tomorrow.

Ivor out!

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

1/1/2000

Dear diary,

To be honest, I really can't believe it's already been a year since all three of us moved in here. I still remember as teens when we used to wander around the town doing buttfuck nothing all day, but now that we all got jobs to do, and a place to live, it just kinda feels like stuff changed, for better or for worse.

Slate said that they're planning a special surprise for the gang. Not sure what the hell they're planning but it sounds neat, so I'm into it. And of course, Bower's also planning something. Now it just seems like I'm a bad friend for not having anything.

Anyway, other than that, today was a very... eventful day. I did went some parties but I didn't really get to participate much in any of them. idk maybe I'm just a bit burnt out. I just wanna stay home with the gang I guess.

That's basically all, I think. See yall tomorrow.

Ivor out!

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

1/5/2000

Dear diary,

The news are in, apparently Slate was planning a hiking trip for the whole team (well technically they said that they needed to get whatever nerdy research stuff on the trip so it's actually "for academic purposes" but i know what they really meant) and now everybody's hyped for the climb. I don't really like spending stamina of stuff like this but the two of them are really excited and shit so I really have no choice.

Also Bower said they found a new gig as a bar stage performer. Honestly that sounds fuckin stupid but I'm a bit curious how his performance would look like. He said there would be one in a week so I really need to be there.

That's all for today. Ivor out!

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

1/10/2000

Dear diary,

Went to the bar that Bower was performing in. Everyone was cheering him on although I don't really get the appeal. He just sits on a stool and tell puns and everyone is just laughing. idk maybe I just don't have a sense of humor or somthing.

That's really all that happened today. Not very interesting.

See yall, Ivor out.

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

2/7/2000

Dear diary,

The date's set. Tomorrow will be the day of the hike, and we're going to ████████ █████ since apparently that's the "most awesome forest of all time," whatever the fuck that means. Bower also said that he will reveal the "big surprise" during the hike, so that's to look out for. (its probably gonna be some stupid punny gift as per usual but i like them so its fine)

Today I'm gonna get a nice big rest in preparation for tomorrow. I've already packed most of my stuff so it'll just be waking and dressing myself up for the walk.

Ivor out!

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

2/7/2000

Dear diary,

We've arrived at the base of the mountain. (Bower said he's gonna set up camp here first before ascending up to the summit.) Overall, the atmosphere here isn't too bad. Actually it's quite nice. I guess Slate wasn't kidding when they said the know a place.

Before going to bed Bower also decided to bring back the good ol tradition of spooky stories before bed. Of course it's the usual "rahh evil murder monster murders people in the woods" for the hundredth time. Honestly it's kinda silly how Slate is so serious about this topic, like he actually believes something stupid like this exists.

Welp, tomorrow's gonna be a long day of walking, so I'm gonna go now. Ivor out.

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

2/11/2000

⠀

hes gone

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

it killed him

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

it

⠀

Porterson

⠀

⠀

⠀

he asked

⠀

for me

⠀

⠀

b

⠀

⠀

i should have grabbed him

⠀

⠀

he reached out

⠀

⠀

why didn't i

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

why didn't i help him?

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

he died because of

⠀

⠀

⠀

5/3/2000

⠀

Dear diary.

⠀

I just don't feel like writing these anymore.

⠀

⠀

I

I don't want to look at the past.

⠀

⠀

⠀

I don't want to remember what happened

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

What happened to him.

⠀

6/19/2000

⠀

Dear Diary.

⠀

Every time I open this book it feels like I found something I shouldn't have.

⠀

I'm scared to turn the pages backwards.

⠀

⠀

What would he think of me?

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

What would he think if he knew I d

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

do I remember him?

8/30/2000

⠀

Dear diary.

⠀

I don't

⠀

I don't know who he is.

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

But I can if I just

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

I don't want to

⠀

9/1/2000

⠀

Dear diary.

⠀

Every day.

⠀

I just, can't stop thinking about this book. About what's in it.

⠀

Like a yawning abyss luring me in. I don't know what to do.

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

Would he want me to remember?

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

Who is he?

Will it even be worth it?

12/31/2000

⠀

Dear diary.

⠀

I don't think anything in this book is worth keeping anymore. So, this will be my last entry.

⠀

I hope I won't ever have to open this again. For my own sake.

Good bye, diary. For the final time.

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

⠀

**Addendum-9150.3**

PoI-9150-23 was taken into custody of the Foundation on 10/4/2022. Similarly to PoI-9150-1, PoI-9150-23 was also a witness in Incident-8232-Alpha, presumably at the same event as PoI-9150-1. Additionally, PoI-9150-23 was the first Stage 5 subject to be properly identified and examined by the Foundation.

[[collapsible show="Interview Log-9150.C" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

= **INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**Date:** 10/4/2022

**Interviewed:** PoI-9150-23

**Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Stephanie Allen

**Foreword:** Interview was conducted at Site-95's Multipurpose Interview Chamber #23. Prior to interview, PoI-9150-23 was sedated in order to aid with capturing.

---

**<Begin Log, @@[20:12]@@>**

**Sr. Allen:** Interview starts now. Greeti-

**PoI-9150-23:** Wh- where am I?

**Sr. Allen:** *Ahem.* Greetings Wyman Slate. You're currently under the legal custody of our Foundation.

**PoI-9150-23:** What do you mean "foundation"? What the hell are you all planning to do to me?

**Sr. Allen:** Do not be alarmed, Mx. Slate. You are safe here. We can assure it

**PoI-9150-23:** Well I sure as hell don't feel safe. And you didn't even answer my question! What the hell am I doing here?

**Sr. Allen:** Let me get into the specifics. So, for the past few decades, you have been suffering from a certain illness, correct?

**PoI-9150-23:** Oh good. This fucking shit again. I'm fine! I've always been fine! That stupid amnesia crap doesn't bother me anymore! I'm FINE.

**Sr. Allen:** Of course, I do not doubt that.

**Sr. Allen:** But, we here at the Foundation have been assigned a job, which is to find more information about your "amnesia". And we're certain that whatever you're currently suffering from, is not normal.

**PoI-9150-23:** Well, I DON'T want to be here. Get me out. Find some other duds to be your lab rats.

**Sr. Allen:** Unfortunately, you are not permitted to leave until we've gathered enough information. I'm sorry, but it's just part of the protocol.

**PoI-9150-23:** ...Are you fucking serious?

**Sr. Allen:** But I assure you, we'll do out best to make your temporary life here enjoyable. I promise it.

**PoI-9150-23:** ...

**PoI-9150-23:** ...Whatever. It's not like I have any choice in the matter anyway.

**Sr. Allen:** Thank you for your cooperation. After this interview, we'll escort you to your living quarters. I know you've had a rough day today, so it's best you get a nice rest.

**PoI-9150-23:** *Psh.*

**<End Log, @@[20:45]@@>**

---

**Closing Statement:** PoI-9150-23 is currently in an uncooperative state. Continuing research on PoI-9150-23's belongings may provide useful information on PoI-9150-23's past.

 

[[collapsible show="Document-9150.23D" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

Object was discovered and obtained during PoI-9150-23's capturing. For unknown reasons, most of the available documents and files contained within the object had become corrupted and unintelligible. Relevant files are copied and archived in this document file.

**{{stuffresearch_copy1_copy2.docx}}**

{{**[FILE CORRUPTED]**}}onclusive results on what the myth really entails. (This sucks)

**to do list:**

~~talk to john about the sound~~

foreshadow the gang for hype (yeahhh)

go to the library and get more info bout the myth

prepare stuff for the research at the mountain (IMPORTANT!!!)

## HIKE IS IN TWO WEEKS EXACTLY

dont lose this very important info from jess

Myth: {{**[REDACTED BY ORDER OF THE FOUNDATION]**}}

Information: {{**[REDACTED BY ORDER OF THE FOUNDATION]**}}

History: {{**[REDACTED BY ORDER OF THE FOUNDATION]**}}

Witnes{{**[FILE CORRUPTED]**}}

**{{me_and_the_bois_at_party.png}}**

{{**[FILE CORRUPTED]**}}

**{{tripplanning.docx}}**

{{**[FILE CORRUPTED]**}}**iking Trip!!!!**

**Stuff to prepare:**

Tent stuff **(NEED TO BUY)**

Food. *Get those shitty ass sausages for Bower.*

water bottles.

Flashlights **(get that one fixed or buy new one)**

genearal hiking gear n stuff will figure out later

New notebook as gift for Ivor

Better camera (hopefully with actual working video recording)

will add more lat{{**[FILE CORRUPTED]**}}

**{{Untitled-12.txt}}**

{{**[FILE CORRUPTED]**}}t will be fine

it will be fine

it will all be fine

he's fine

i'm fine

i'm {{**[FILE CORRUPTED]**}}

**{{Untitled-24_copy2.pdf}}**

{{**[FILE CORRUPTED]**}}minder: *do it for him*

the monster came from somewhere.

**SCP <- WHAT IS IT**

**research more**

**research more**

**resear**{{**[FILE CORRUPTED]**}}

**{{mittens_yayyy.jpg}}**

{{**[FILE CORRUPTED]**}}

[[collapsible show="Interview Log-9150.D" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

= **INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**Date:** 13/4/2022

**Interviewed:** PoI-9150-23

**Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Stephanie Allen

**Foreword:** Interview was conducted at Site-95's Multipurpose Interview Chamber #23.

---

**<Begin Log, @@[8:48]@@>**

**Sr. Allen:** Interview starts now. Greetings, Wyman Slate.

**PoI-9150-23:** Uh, hi.

**Sr. Allen:** Excuse me, is something wrong?

**PoI-9150-23:** No! Uh. I mean.

**PoI-9150-23:** I'm not sure what I'm supposed to refer you as... well I guess... interviewer?

**Sr. Allen:** Oh! I'm so sorry. I can't believe I really forgot to introduce myself yesterday. I guess I should properly do it now.

**Sr. Allen:** *Ahem.* My name is Stephanie Allen, but you can just call me Ms. Allen if you want.

**PoI-9150-23:** Oh, okay.

**PoI-9150-23:** So... what are we going to be doing today?

**Sr. Allen:** Well... we have... two things on the schedule. I think it'll be better to do them in order.

**Sr. Allen:** First. I've noticed you've become a lot more... calm, today.

**PoI-9150-23:** Okay well last time we talked I was just kidnapped and thrown into some random ass lab building I was being very rational.

**Sr. Allen:** Ah. Yes. We apologize for any... bad experiences you got from that.

**Sr. Allen:** But also, I'm curious about your thoughts on this facility, since you have spent a full day in here.

**PoI-9150-23:** Hm. It's alright.

**PoI-9150-23:** The bedroom was nice. Better than concrete at least. Although right now I really could use some Mittens right now.

**Sr. Allen:** Mittens?

**PoI-9150-23:** My cat. Found him as a little kitten on the street one day. It's looking hideous so I just took it. Eventually- ah wait I'm rambling again. Sorry. I'll get back to the topic now.

**Sr. Allen:** It's fine if you want to talk about anything? We can continue for as much time as you need.

**PoI-9150-23:** Hm. The food was also alright. Kinda wished there were more variety in the meals, though, I can't imagin-

**...**

**Sr. Allen:** -then. Ah! I think now is the perfect time to move on to our second objective of today. I'll be asking you some questions regarding your past, if that's fine with you.

**PoI-9150-23:** Uh... sure?

**Sr. Allen:** Good. Now, let's start with a simple one. Hm...

**Sr. Allen:** So, where were you born?

**PoI-9150-23:** I dunno. I was in an orphanage. Forgot the name exactly but it's somewhere in the south of this country. Eventually I grew up and got into school and shit. And then I got expelled because of that time I went to th

⠀

⠀

**Sr. Allen:** Hm? Because of what?

**PoI-9150-23:** Uh. After that I just started living in the streets. Not that I'm poor or anything I'm just conserving my funds for the futu-

**Sr. Allen:** I'm sorry, Slate. Could you please go back to the event that got you expelled?

**PoI-9150-23:** Oh, sorry? It was when we went to the mou

⠀

⠀

**PoI-9150-23:** Um. What?

**Sr. Allen:** Never mind. Let's just continue to our next topic. Do you have any close friends currently?

**PoI-9150-23:** Hm... not really. I guess there are those lab nerds, but I haven't really talked to them much. Well actually there's als

⠀

⠀

**PoI-9150-23:** So, yeah, no friends right now.

**Sr. Allen:** Interesting.

**Sr. Allen:** Do you know of Porterson? Porterson Bower, to be clear.

**PoI-9150-23:** B

⠀

⠀

**PoI-9150-23:** Hm? Are you alright, Ms. Allen?

**Sr. Allen:** Uh, sorry. What about Mr. Pedro Ivor?

**PoI-9150-23:** Wait, Iv

⠀

⠀

**PoI-9150-23:** Uh.

**Sr. Allen:** I see... well, thank you for your cooperation. We- I hope you'll have a good day today.

**PoI-9150-23:** Oh! Thanks. You too...?

**Sr. Allen:** *Chuckles.* You too.

**<End Log, @@[9:25]@@>**

---

**Closing Statement:** PoI-9150-23 is currently showing symptoms not associated with any of the known 4 stages. Further examination should be conducted in the case of a potential new unknown stage of SCP-9150.

[[collapsible show="Examination Results-9150.β" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

| Subject | Background | Affected Concepts |
| --- | --- | --- |
| PoI-9150-23 | Subject was a witness to Incident-8232-Alpha. | Incident-8232-Alpha (Monster, Creature, Forest, Mountain, Shadow), PoI-9150-1 (Pedro, Ivor, Pedro Ivor, Friend, Pal), Porterson Bower (Porterson, Port, Bower, Friend, Missing, Dead, Gone), Miscellaneous (Gang, Group, Family, Love, Fun, Research, Comedy) |

**Addendum-9150.3**

I just thought the both of them deserved to have some conclusion.

-- Stephanie Allen, Senior Researcher, Department of Health and Security

⠀

 

[[collapsible show="Conversation Log-9150.123" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Date:** 22/4/2022

**Subjects: PoI-9150-1 (Ivor), PoI-9150-23 (Slate)**

**Foreword:** Conversation was arranged and recorded at ███████ Clinic, Surrey, England. Both parties were not informed that the conversation was being recorded beforehand.

---

**<Begin Log, @@[17:49]@@>**

**Ivor:** Oh my god oh my god oh my god. It really is you.

**Slate:** Oh! Uh, hello!

**Ivor:** Eyy it's been so long since we've last talked! How have you been?

**Slate:** Well... I got a new cat?

**Ivor:** WOW I did not expect you to be a cat person. I still remember when you swore to "eliminate" all cats after that one time Bower's little kit scratched you in the face. Honestly, in hindsight it was hilarious.

**Slate:**  And uh, other than that... I'm not doing quite good, but thanks for asking anyway.

**Ivor:** Damn... well, I'm also not doing well, so we're basically the same!

**Slate:** Oh uh haha! Ha.

**Slate:** Yeah... we're... um...

**Ivor:** Hm? Is something wrong? Something on your mind?

**Slate:** Nono it's just.

**Slate:** Just... I don't want to tell it to someone I don't know.

**Ivor:** ...

**Ivor:** ...Huh?

**Slate:** Wait no I didn't mea-

**Ivor:** What do you mean "someone you don't know"?

**Slate:** Um... I mean...

**Ivor:** Do... do you not..?

**Slate:** It's not that! It's just...

**Ivor:**  Come one! It's me! Your best bud Ivor! Pedro Ivor!

**Slate:** Iv

⠀

⠀

**Slate:** Huh? Sorry?

**Ivor:** ...what? Do... do you not remember? What do you mean by that?

**Slate:** Sorry. My memory is... not the brightest. Can you um... remind me...

**Slate:** Who are you again?

**Ivor:** Huh? This is a joke, right? Do you not remember me? I-I'm your friend! From since we were both dumb children! Don't you remember all the stuff we used to do together?

**Slate:** Uh, right! My childhood. I was with B

⠀

⠀

**Slate:** And um. Kinda..?

**Ivor:** No. This isn't real. You're... you...

**Ivor:** Oh god. What happened to you?

**Slate:** Okay at this point I don't even know man a lot happened the last few da-

**Ivor:** Nononono this isn't you. This can't be. There's no way. There's...

**Slate:** ...

**Ivor:** ...

**Ivor:** I... I don't have anything else to say. I don't want to be here anymore. I'm sorry.

**Slate:** Oh. Uh. I'm really sorry for... ruining this conversation.

**Ivor:** No it's not your fault it's just... *sigh.* I'll just... go now. I can't...

**Slate:** ...okay. so. goodbye, um... friend?

**Ivor:** Goodbye, Sla-

**Ivor:** ...

**Ivor:** Goodbye, friend. See you later.

**<End Log, @@[18:00]@@>**

---

**Closing Statement:** After the conversation, both PoI-9150-1 and PoI-9150-23 were administered Class-C amnestics to remove all memories of the Foundation and were returned back into their normal lives.

**Addendum-9150.4**

[[collapsible show="Proposal-10KLL.1" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

**Proposal:** Due SCP-9150's effects potential to completely cripple any and all Foundation research. Treatment-R9KL is to be administered to every Foundation personnel; as a preemptive measure against SCP-9150.

#### O5 COUNCIL

| YEA | ABSTAIN | NAY |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 1 | 7 |
#### ETHICS COMMITTEE

| YEA | ABSTAIN | NAY |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 18 | 2 | 30 |
| STATUS |
| **##red|DENIED##** |

Although tempting, due to the cost and time needed to synthesize Treatment-R9KL, wide application across the whole Foundation is neither feasible with our current resources, nor worth the effort. Other methods of reducing the risk of SCP-9150 in Foundation personnel should be considered as an alternative to anomalous drugs.

-- Jason L. Graham, Director, Department of Pharmacology.

[[collapsible show="Proposal-10KLL.2" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

**Proposal:** Due SCP-9150's effects potential to completely cripple any and all Foundation research. Treatment-R9KL is to be administered to every researcher and Foundation personnel assigned to high-importance duties who are prone to encountering potentially traumatic events during work; as a preemptive measure against SCP-9150.

#### O5 COUNCIL

| YEA | ABSTAIN | NAY |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 7 | 2 | 4 |
#### ETHICS COMMITTEE

| YEA | ABSTAIN | NAY |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 22 | 4 | 24 |
| STATUS |
| **##green|APPROVED##** |

The anomalous effects of SCP-9150 poses a sizable risk to our most important personnel, therefore, many of our important duties, which can further lead to potentially catastrophic consequences later down the line. Although tedious, this is a necessary step that we'll have to take if we want our knowledge to be secured, contained, and protected.

-- O5-█

[[collapsible show="Proposal-10KLL.3" hide="[FILE OPENED]"]]

**Proposal:** As an alternative to Treatment-R9KL, more funding is to be allocated for the general well-being of Foundation personnel. Primarily focusing on the Department of Health and Security, Department of Human Resources, Department of Psychiatry, and more.

#### O5 COUNCIL

| YEA | ABSTAIN | NAY |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 | 2 | 6 |
#### ETHICS COMMITTEE

| YEA | ABSTAIN | NAY |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 41 | 2 | 7 |
| STATUS |
| **##green|APPROVED##** |

Look, this isn't a problem that can be solved with drugs. This anomaly, no matter how many drugs you throw at it, will not go away. We need to look further than just the surface level. Further than the symptoms. Further than the activation events. Further than the anomaly itself.

And then you'll see it.

There's no happy ending, so let's just try our best to make things better.

-- Stephanie Allen, Senior E-12, Ethics Committee

<< [SCP-9149](SCP-9149) | SCP-9150 | [SCP-9151](SCP-9151) >>

> **Filename:** notebook.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/9150contestzeekyboogydoog/notebook.png

> **Additional Notes:** Edited picture of a notebook I own.

> **Filename:** laptop.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/9150contestzeekyboogydoog/laptop.png

> **Additional Notes:** Edited picture of a laptop I also own.

> **Filename:** Pharmacology.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/9150contestzeekyboogydoog/Pharmacology.png
