=====

=====

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:scp-trans-pride">:scp-wiki:theme:scp-trans-pride</a> |trans-pride-logo= ~~] |trans-pride-footer= ~~]]]

**Item #:** SCP-9160

**Object Class:** Zeno

**Special Containment Procedures:** A fence has been erected around the entrance to the cave in which SCP-9160 transpires. Personnel are to observe it from a distance and not interfere unless instructed.

**Description:** SCP-9160 designates a paranormal event that occurs every Monday at 1700 hours within a cave in the outskirts of Branson, Missouri. 

SCP-9160 begins with an upbeat male voice with a Southern accent saying:

> “[Weapon One] vs [Weapon Two]!”

This voice has not been identified. It will first say this message in English, then French, then Spanish.

Following this, two humanoid entities will enter the cave. Study of these entities have determined that although their biology is identical to humans, they are incapable of human speech. Their appearances will be identical to the last two humans who have entered the cave. They will each be holding one of the weapons mentioned by the voice. The voice will then say the following:

> “Who will win?”

The humanoids will then fight to the death, using nothing but their weapons. In the rare case that one of them is disarmed, their opponent will cease motion until they can reclaim the weapon. These fights typically last 1-2 hours. The voice will occasionally interject, based on how the fight is proceeding. Should at any point the fight be interrupted, the event will repeat it from the beginning, generating two new humanoids. Proposals to exploit this are under review.

When the victor is decided, the voice will state:

> “There you have it folks!”

The winner will then drag the loser’s corpse to a hole present deeper in the cave and throw it in, before jumping in. This hole is 40 meters deep. On 2001, cleaning operations were deemed necessary.

Known weapons selected have included:

* Saber.

* Rapier.

* Dagger.

* Rock.

* Bow.

* Crossbow.

* Halberd.

* Whip.

* Spear.

* Longsword.

For the full list of weapons, consult Appendix B.

SCP-9160 was first discovered in 1993 following the break-up of the associated gambling operation. As it was a known town event, the clean-up operation was extensive.

**Addendum One:** In 2003, personnel noted that the weapon selected was “rifle”, which had no records of appearing. A number of new weapons have been introduced since then, including:

* Pistol.

* Shotgun.

* Grenade.

* Napalm.

* Flamethrower.

* Tear gas.

* Taser.

* Car.

Containment procedures are being drafted for the case of “nuclear bomb”, “anthrax”, “plane”, and similar such weapons.

<< [SCP-9159](SCP-9159) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9161](SCP-9161) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
