Class: **Elucid**

Containment class: ~~Classified~~

Name: ~~[Unknown]~~

Location of Discovery: Scp-9182 was discovered wandering the streets of [Classified], towering above the buildings. The anomaly was secured by [Redacted] and [Redacted] in a joint operation with a 48% casualty rate. All civilians that witnessed SCP-9182 either died of were given Class-C Amnestics

Description: All though no exact description of SCP-9182 can properly be made, the few D-Classes that survived the severe mental and emotional eradication caused by looking at 9182 have described it in great detail. Some describe it as a tall, slender figure made entirely of void, while others claim it was like a biblically accurate Angel staring into the depths of their very being. It is believed by the more religious parts of Foundation staff that SCP-9182 is the Archangel Gabriel or Lucifer himself. The O5 Council does not believe this claim but have ordered it to not be removed from the realm of possibility. All witnesses that survived direct contact died exactly 6 days, 6 hours, and 6 minutes afterwards she to unidentified radiation. SCP-9182-1 is a small black box the size of a jewelry box seemingly made of void as only the use of telepathic SCP's can move the object. Other attempts to move it otherwise have less to the same fate as having direct contact with 9182.

Any attempts of communication have less to eat bleeding noises coming back or cognitohazards being engrained into the researches mind, leading first to madness, then insanity, and finally genocide tendencies before committing ~~suicide~~. The only successful communication with the anomaly was through SCP-9182-2, a carrier pigeon that was summoned by 9182 with a letter attached. Though any attempts to read said letter has lead to the pigeon growing hostile and plucking the eyes out of whoever holds the letter.

**Casualties:** So far over 230 personnel and D-classes have died due to Cognitohazards, SCP-9182-2 and SCP-9182 itself.

All future research on 9182 has been suspended by order of the O5 Council. Any attempts to continue research without explicit authorisation will lead to instant termination of life.

All addendum removed on order of O5_6 Due to possible Cognitohazards being placed by SCP-9182 within.
