[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=SCP-9370[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/popsioaks-garden[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments=

= **SCP-9370** - OUR SIDE HAS TO WIN

]]

**Item Designation:** SCP-9370

**Classification:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Ignore the entity that manifests in Site-93's Containment Cell 45. SCP-9370 must proceed without interruption, once per day. Medics are to be stationed nearby, as participants in SCP-9370 do not exhibit the expected accelerated healing factor that the original inscription detailing SCP-9370 describes. 

In the event of interruption, SCP-9370 is to be resumed at the nearest available Site to Site-93. All personnel at Site-93 and potential backup Sites must be trained in the knowledge of SCP-9370. 

Personnel that have requested that SCP-9370 be stopped or reclassified as unnecessary are to be moved to other sites. Compliance is required.

SCP-9370 originally consisted entirely of protocols that were impossible to perform — locations described no longer exist and required biological materials were from extinct sources, among other issues. As such, the current version of SCP-9370 is a modern adaptation.

**Description:** SCP-9370 is a procedure used to contain an extradimensional threat via the enactment of specific activities in a predetermined order. Occasionally, carrying out SCP-9370 may create auditory and visual hallucinations of a humanoid entity. These persist during the duration of SCP-9370 despite the use of protective measures, yet do not result in lasting harm.

However, SCP-9370 involves steps with occasional complications that are unavoidable if triggered. These steps pose significant risk to individuals and can cause lasting harm.  This has been a cause of some protest; particularly amongst personnel in the Department of Anomalous Math's Statistics branch, whom are currently being monitored. It is unknown how the original participants of SCP-9370 prior to Foundation initiation survived these.

The identity, nature, and abilities of the threat contained by SCP-9370 are currently unknown. Certain analyses of SCP-9370's origin suggest it to be capable of large scale reality restructuring. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Discovery**

---

A set of instructions on how to perform SCP-9370 was discovered etched into a wall in a cave near Kondane, Maharashtra, India, in 1897 by early Foundation explorers. Linguistic archaeologists determined it to be most similar to Proto-Dravidian. Due to the technological limitations of the late 19th century, only the visible portions could be preserved with others being obscured by debris from cave-ins. Aside from the instructions for SCP-9370, the following was copied:

DANGER/RISK/CONCERN

THING/ENTITY/UNKNOWN

OUTSIDE/DESTROYED/REMOVED

PLACE/WORLD/HOME

Out of concern, Foundation personnel began performing SCP-9370 in a controlled manner to determine its effects, with the first instance recorded in June 1897. Reduced error rates and improved containment efficacy was recorded for nine months, after which Foundation personnel suggested the cessation of SCP-9370. This was approved. However, the resulting consequences involved major loss of life, and SCP-9370 was reinstated.

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Procedure**

---

SCP-9370 requires:

* An open book turned to page 210.

* Three participants maximum. 

* A start time no later within a 5 minute window of local sunrise.

* A room no larger than the largest bathroom in the nearest building.

* A concrete floor.

* 45 scalpels, sterile.

* 346 gallons of pig's (*Sus scrofa domesticus*) blood, replenished each day.

* 3 bones of *Gorilla gorilla.*

* A toy stuffed monkey.

* A star chart displaying the night sky as it appeared on the 22nd of December, 4510 BCE. Cygnus must be highlighted.

Common complications are noted below.

> **Step 3:** Move book to the left corner of the room. 

> **Complications:** Participant trips, causing minor damage to the book.

> **Step 12:** Participants must close their eyes and cover their ears with their hands while each hums a unique note.

> **Complications:** A black humanoid entity, strongly resembling a human fetus, materializes in Cell 45.

> **Step 30:** Participants must smear the pig’s blood on their hands, then their coats.

> **Complications:** The entity begins to mature.

> **Step 45:** Participants will draw a Class Zeta thaumaturgic sigil with pig’s blood.

> **Complications:** The sigil may activate with minor effects, causing bodily harm.

> **Step 63:** Participants must use Cygnus in the star chart to locate the approximate location of Cassiopeia.

> **Complications:** Holes similar to those created by trepanation, in the shape of Cygnus, appear in participant's skull. 

> **Step 120:** Participants must consume two meals’ worth of food in thirty minutes.

> **Complications:** Bloating, acid reflux, and other gastrointestinal issues are common.

> **Step 181:** Participants must perform a dance that involves movement of every limb.

> **Complications:** Participants report immense fatigue, and some are unable to stop dancing until the next day.

> **Step 290:** Participants must assemble a crude weapon from the scalpels. It will be used.

> **Complications:** Cuts are performed on unintended locations.

> **Step 457:** Participants must recite a prayer of supplication.

> **Complications:** A thin layer of dermis covers participants' mouth and must be removed via scalpel. 

> **Step 596:** Participants must correctly guess at what point their pencil will touch the ground when thrown across the room, with a 20 centimeter margin of error.

> **Complications:** An eye is struck by a pencil, intentionally.

> **Step 721:** The toy stuffed monkey must be turned towards the participants, and its hands, eyes, nose, and mouth touched by the participants. Usage of both hands is required.

> **Complications:** Participants report unease and request the toy to be removed. Participants have destroyed the monkey and consumed body parts that were touched.

> **Step 745:** Participants must accurately match bones to their own body's counterparts.

> **Complications:** Bones absorbed imperfectly, left exposed.

> **Step 1214:** Three bags of rice must be cut open and twelve grains assembled into a humanoid figure.

> **Complications:** Participants feel compelled to consume the rice raw irrespective of gastrointestinal capacity.

> **Step 1451:** Participants close the book and perform a percussion solo with its cover, utilizing their exposed skull.

> **Complications:** The entity requests information.

> **Step 1768:** One participant must state "they have done nothing wrong" in the local native language.

> **Complications:** The entity requests information, frantically.

> **Step 2555:** Participant fingers must be lined up shortest to longest, unattached.

> **Complications:** The entity produces high pitched vocalizations at nearly 120 decibels, and bends over.

> **Step 2789:** SCP-9370 concludes. Participants kill the entity via cessation, with it demanifesting rapidly.

> **Complications:** No signs of manifestation are found save noospheric readings showing minor elevation in tulpa markers.

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Test**

---

Advancements in noospheric containment technology allowed for testing of the entity generated by SCP-9370. Subsequent testing attempts yielded the same results. These are summarized below:

* Subject appears to all observers, irrespective of participation in SCP-9370.

* Subject is intangible, and not human.

* Subject does not react to any stimuli, save those generated by SCP-9370 participants.

* Further enactment of SCP-9370, especially the belief in SCP-9370's necessity, strengthens subject's manifestation.

* Subject is birthed as a "new" noospheric presence each day, yet simultaneously dates back to 1897, coinciding with Foundation initiation of SCP-9370.

* No entity exactly resembles any previous manifestation.

* Subject scores a "moderate" on a Standardized Thoughtform & Tulpa Scale (13/27).

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Further Exploration**

---

To ensure efficacy of SCP-9370, Foundation explorers were dispatched to the original inscription to determine if alterations to procedure were possible. The completed form of the inscription cited earlier was found following erosion of the original rockslide.

DANGER/RISK/CONCERN

THING/ENTITY/UNKNOWN

OUTSIDE/DESTROYED/REMOVED

THIS PLACE/WORLD/HOME

---

THING/ENTITY/UNKNOWN

IMPOSSIBLE/UNTRUE/CANNOT

RETURN/RUN/COME

JOB/DUTY/REQUIREMENTS

COMPLETED/FINISHED/EATEN

 

HOME/PLACE/FAMILY

 

SAFE/HEALTHY/HAPPY.

Independent analysis suggests that the aforementioned benefits of SCP-9370 may have been due to confounding factors, such as technological improvement. These extend to the consequences of cessation being explainable due to other sensitive factors at the time. However, this cannot be said with certainty. As a result, O5 Command has deemed risk of cessation too great.

<< [SCP-9369](SCP-9369) | SCP-9370 | [SCP-9371](SCP-9371) >>

> **Filename:** KITLV 88054 - Unknown - Temple in a cave at Kondane in British India - 1897.tif

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:KITLV_88054_-_Unknown_-_Temple_in_a_cave_at_Kondane_in_British_India_-_1897.tif)
