We formed a ring around your home

To stop your body leaving

But you burned the final question then

And you rose out through the ceiling

Black Country, New Road - *Haldern*

SCP-9194 - And Patterson, Too

[Popsioak's author page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/popsioaks-garden)

The following file shows evidence of tampering by an unknown, likely anomalous source. While not an active risk to view, if further changes are noted during your time reviewing this file, report to RAISA immediately.

**Item Designation:** SCP-9194 and Patterson, too.

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedure:** The cause of SCP-9194, and Patterson too, is undetermined. Project FULLSTOP has proven largely successful in containing SCP-9194.

**Description:** SCP-9194 is the randomly appearing clause "And Patterson too" in existing English-based print, visual, and audio-based media. Its presence itself is unremarkable and non-anomalous; no characters will comment on SCP-9194, and no viewers or listeners report adverse effects. Consumers, however, do notice SCP-9194. 

When in written form, the punctuation and grammar of SCP-9194 will be linguistically sound.Generally true. See addenda. However, the specific punctuation itself may change between manifestations. SCP-9194 appearances prioritize print media, especially well-known classical literature and other influential works. However, SCP-9194 has increasingly affected audiovisual content as well. SCP-9194 instances cannot be removed if present in digital media.

---

**Discovery**

---

The first known audio manifestation, as well as what was assumed to be the first instance of SCP-9194 was in an airing on 31/10/2006 of George Romero's *Night of the Living Dead.* This was shown on KOCE-TV, a Public Broadcasting System affiliate television station in Los Angeles. An exchange between a reporter and actor George Kosana's character, Sheriff McClelland, was subject to SCP-9194 intrusion.

> **Field Reporter:** Are they slow-moving, chief?

> 

> **Sheriff McClelland:** Yeah, they're dead. They're all messed up, and Patterson too.

Viewers noted that SCP-9194 was spoken by Kosana himself, and Patterson too, and recordings of the program indicate an increased runtime to account for SCP-9194. After amnestics were administered to viewers and records of this broadcast deleted, Foundation crawlers discovered multiple novels and print media contaminated by SCP-9194 being sold on eBay. All were found to show no traces of anomalous tampering or thaumaturgy. A list of examples is below.

---

**Print Media Instances of SCP-9194**

---

**Affected Work:** A copy of Walter Crane and Edmund Evans' *An Alphabet of Old Friends.*

---

**Changed Section:**  “AN ALPHABET OF OLD FRIENDS - AND PATERSUN TO"

---

**Note:** This is the first, and only recorded instance of SCP-9194 being misspelled. The particular book itself is the work with the oldest publication date to contain SCP-9194, and Patterson too.

**Affected Work:** A copy of *The Complete Works of William Shakespeare.* 

---

**Change:** The title was changed to *The Complete Works of William Shakespeare, and Patterson Too!*

---

**Note:** This is the first recorded instance of SCP-9194 affecting the cover of a novel. If the medium allows it to, SCP-9194 has been observed to change the title and claim "credit" in every work since.

**Affected Work:** A copy of F. Scott Fitzgerald's *The Great Gatsby*

---

**Changed Section:** "Gatsby, and Patterson too, believed in the green light, the orgasmic future that year by year recedes before us, and Patterson too. It eluded us, and Patterson too, then, but that's no matter- tomorrow we, and Patterson too, will run faster, stretch out our arms farther ... And one fine morning- So we, and Patterson too, beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past."

---

**Note:** This is the first recorded instance of a particular work containing an SCP-9194 instance more than once.

**Affected Work:** A copy of Alexandre Dumas' *The Count of Monte Cristo*

---

**Changed Section:**  “What would you not have accomplished if you had been free?"

"Possibly nothing at all; the overflow of my brain would probably, in a state of freedom, have evaporated in a thousand follies; misfortune is needed to bring to light the treasures of the human intellect. Compression is needed to explode gunpowder. Captivity has brought my mental faculties to a focus; and you are well aware that from the collision of clouds electricity is produced — from electricity, lightning, from lightning, illumination.” 

"And Patterson too?"

---

**Note:** This is the first recorded instance of SCP-9194 adding an entirely new section to its host media, rather than being attached to an existing statement. This was accommodated by this edition being a page longer than other, non-anomalous counterparts.

**Affected Work:** A second copy of *The Complete Works of William Shakespeare.* 

---

**Changed Section:** "To be, or not to be, that is the question / Whether 'tis nobler in the mind, *and Patterson too,* to suffer / The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, / Or to take arms against a sea of troubles, **and Patterson too?** / And by opposing end them, ***and Patterson too.***"

---

**Note:**  This is the first recorded instance of a particular work being re-selected by SCP-9194. Such repetitions have since occurred at exponentially greater rates. Additionally, SCP-9194 appears to be newly capable of more drastic changes, such as bolding, italics, and other textual edits that do not affect the text's content itself.

**Affected Work:** 14 assorted notebooks of various sizes, brands, and shapes, labeled as "haunted" items on various online marketplaces. These were sold by multiple, unrelated individuals, and showed no markers of Spectral-class activity.

---

**Changed Section:** See below.

---

**Note:**  See below.

Dating revealed these books to have been published at least twenty years prior to the aforementioned broadcast, making them the earliest known instances of SCP-9194. In addition, the complexity of works making reference to SCP-9194 and Patterson too increased over time. For example, newer SCP-9194-contaminated media are well-known for difficult prose by many readers, or are intended for scholarly audiences and Patterson too.

Of note, however, is the discovery of 14 blank notebooks mentioned above. These were completely filled with SCP-9194 instances, existing in nearly every single potential combination of the original phrase and traditional English punctuation. All text appeared to mimic the cadence of SCP-9194's previously known hosts, marking an unusually aggressive change in presentation. This forceful intrusion has been observed as a hallmark of later SCP-9194 manifestations.

Concerningly, these notebooks contained no original words to contaminate with SCP-9194. Further analysis has found that between two and five counts of SCP-9194, and Patterson too, are present in anySee addenda. piece affected by SCP-9194. This is a new trend, being one indicator of a general change in SCP-9194 host selection. A list of instances selected to show a summarized progression of SCP-9194's effects can be found below.

---

**Further SCP-9194 Instances**

---

**Affected Work:** A copy of *San Luis Obispo Tribune,* published on 04/12/2011.

---

**Change:** The front-page article's title, "LOCAL CHARITY PICKS UP THE PIECES," covering the community response following earthquakes in the area, was credited to "Emma Martinez," its true author, as well as "and Patterson too." Additionally, SCP-9194 was found in the following locations of the article:

* "42 cases of food were delivered by Mr. Rueda and Patterson! Too alone."

* "Simple conversations weren't enough for her, and Patterson too."

* "Laughter could be heard; the team and Patterson too seemed to be enjoying their shift, and Patterson too, grueling work or not."

* "Neighbors and Patterson too asked why they were alive. It was a miracle."

---

**Note:** This is the first recorded instance of SCP-9194 affecting non-fictional media, as well as SCP-9194 affecting direct quotes. 

**Affected Work:** Episode 114 of *Things You Really Had Ought To Know*, a weekly internet radio show hosted by Yale scholar and self-help coach Dr. Ralph Wallace, titled "I Ask Why We Don't Know More About Space!"

---

**Change:** Dr. Wallace delivers the following thank you message at the end of the episode: "To my viewers, the station, and our sponsors, and Patterson, too!" Taped master recordings of this episode indicate that this was not present in the original broadcast. 

---

**Note:** This is the first known instance of SCP-9194 affecting nonfictional audio.

**Affected Work:** Yelp review left on 02/01/2015 for Griselda, a pub in downtown Austin, Texas.

---

**Change:** "0 stars. The staff was so persistent, and Patterson too. Would not stop hounding us for attention. I get taking care of your customers, but this was wayyyyyyyy to [sic] much. I talked to the manager, and let them know. Avoid Brittany and Patterson too as your waitstaff!"

---

**Note:** This is the first recorded instance of SCP-9194 interacting with text that was not informational or literary media.

**Affected Work:** Episode 2 of BBC docuseries *Hunter = Killer,* titled "The Great War of the Savannah."

---

**Change:** "Really, there's a strength in numbers; the zebras know this, yet the outcast, and Patterson too, must determine what he must do to be accepted. So, he tries to crack the code. He is here. He feels fear. He, and Patterson too, is alive."

---

**Note:** This is the first known instance of SCP-9194 affecting mainstream television. Runtime was affected, with scenes afterwards being slightly delayed.

**Affected Work:** Text exchange between Researcher Jason Elms and his spouse. SCP-9194 was not added until multiple days later. No message was marked as edited.

---

**Change:** The offending excerpt can be found below.

 are we all set for tonight

@@@@

@@@@

 should be, ive got the food n drinks, based on ur list

@@@@

@@@@

 gr8. wait, don't forget the extra blankets, and Patterson too

@@@@

@@@@

 how could i lmao dw! i got this everyones gonna have sm fun

@@@@

@@@@

 youve got this

@@@@

@@@@

 i figured, i and patterson too just want it to go okay. i and patterson too just want them to like me

@@@@

@@@@

 okokok. it will. stop stressing. everyone loves you and patterson too, and knows you're a good host

@@@@

@@@@

 fiiiiiine. but thank u

@@@@

@@@@

 ofc honey, dont sweat it. did you remember to invite everyone

@@@@

@@@@

 ofc. just left out mike and Patterson too

@@@@

@@@@

 i get it. but its for the better. need to let him and Patterson too down slowly

@@@@

@@@@

 yeah. lets think about happier shit though

@@@@

@@@@

 heh. now its my job to cheer YOU up how the turns have tabled fucko

@@@@

@@@@

 shut up

@@@@

@@@@

  love you and Patterson too

@@@@

@@@@

 thank you and Patterson too for being in my life

@@@@

@@@@

 as if it wasn't the easiest thing ever

@@@@

---

**Note:** This is the first known instance of SCP-9194 affecting communications. It has continued to contaminate casual text conversations between two or more familiar individuals.

This rapid change in behavior was especially notable as each successively affected media had larger audiences than the previous target. Though this was a known characteristic of SCP-9194 ~~ as it had already prioritized popular print media targets ~~ active escalation was novel.

Out of concern that this may have been intentional behavior by SCP-9194's author, if there is one, as preparation for a potentially Veil-breaking event, Project FULLSTOP was implemented. This involved a multi-pronged approach to combat SCP-9194:

* Pushing updates to all major electronic devices' software implementing an always-on, non-intrusive program that crashes the device and deletes the offending files, if the word "Patterson" is rendered.

* Placing Foundation agents in publishing agencies, editors' offices, and record labels to intercept potential SCP-9194 instances. 

* Deploying webcrawlers to analyze social media posts and media uploaded to the Internet for SCP-9194. 

* Disseminating rumors of rewards for information associated with SCP-9194's author's discovery into anartist spaces and Nexus communities.This was deemed a failure. No GoIs, PoIs, or other individuals had any knowledge of SCP-9194.

Project FULLSTOP was widely considered a success. Had SCP-9194 been converted into a harmful infohazardous agent, it *and Patterson too?* may have resulted in a high-risk Veil breach incident. Following the implementation of Project FULLSTOP, there was a slight, but statistically significant correlation detected between SCP-9194 presence and relative size of audience. The cause of this is uncertain.

SCP-9194 and Patterson too? has currently been restrained to its own file as a result of Project FULLSTOP. This functions as a temporary "holding cell," until potentially offline containment can be implemented, or a better understanding of the nature of SCP-9194, and Patterson too, is achieved. 

Currently, new containment efforts are being developed for SCP-9194 by Linguistics, and Patterson! (Too.) If you, **And!!!! Patterson Too??** are able to contribute (and patterson, too), please notify your Department Liaison, *****and Patterson too.*****

Foundation .aics have been approved for use, and *****Patterson too?!?! And?? Patterson??? Too??? And Patterson, too????????????*****

**And? Patterson, too?**

They are intended to automate SCP-9194 containment, made possible by the fact that appearance rates have been steadily declining, and....*Patterson, too*. While SCP-9194 has diversified its affected forms of media, it has not displayed an expected, corresponding rise in incidence. The reason for this, and Patterson too, is unknown, though it is theorized that SCP-9194's author, if there is one **AND PATTERSON TOO**, may be inactive. Plans involving intentional ignorance of SCP-9194, and Patterson too, have shown preliminary signs of success. 

If SCP-9194's file, and Patterson too, regresses to an unreadable point, it ***and Patterson too?*** will be wiped and replaced.

All cited texts within are in the Public Domain.

> **Name:** Quote from *Night of the Living Dead*

> **Author:** George Romero

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://archive.org/details/night-of-the-living-dead-1968-english

> **Name:** Quote from *The Great Gatsby*

> **Author:** F. Scott Fitzgerald

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/64317

> **Name:** Quote from *The Count of Monte Cristo*

> **Author:** Alexander Dumas

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://www.gutenberg.org/files/1184/1184-h/1184-h.htm

> **Name:** Quote from *Hamlet*

> **Author:** William Shakespeare

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/1524

> **Filename:** highlight.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Derivative Of:** Uses text from Shakespeare's *Othello.*

> **Name:** Othello

> **Author:** William Shakespeare

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/1531

> **Filename:** notebook.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

<< [SCP-9193](SCP-9193) | SCP-9194 | [SCP-9195](SCP-9195) >>
