.danke {

    padding: 5px;

    margin-bottom:10px;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.1em; 

}

.agent {

    background-color:#002200;

    border: 3px solid #55AA55;

    color: #77CC77;

}

.site {

    background-color:#222200;

    border: 3px solid #AAAA55;

    color: #DDDD77;

}

.danke {

    padding: 5px;

    margin-bottom:10px;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.1em; 

}

.agent {

    background-color:#002200;

    border: 3px solid #55AA55;

    color: #77CC77;

}

.site {

    background-color:#222200;

    border: 3px solid #AAAA55;

    color: #DDDD77;

}

.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** Containment chambers designated for SCP-9419 must have the following properties:

* A minimum floor space of 25 square meters. 

* A corridor separating the containment chamber from commonly traversed facility passages. 

* Isolation from all direct sensory observation. This includes mandatory sound proofing and individual ventilation.

* At least two closed circuit security cameras monitored 24 hours from a distance of at least 20 meters. 

* A storage unit containing the biological necessities for an adult human to survive a minimum of 48 hours.

* Plumbing available for operators to use without leaving the chamber. 

Each containment chamber is to be continuously occupied by one member of Foundation personnel designated as an "operator". Within every chamber must be a selection of available games that can be accessed and utilized by the operator. The operator must be highly familiar with the rules of every available game and physically capable of playing the game for extended periods of time. Operators should be trained to engage in games which require no physical materials as well, in case of a lack of availability of physical games.

The purpose of the operator is to cause a manifestation of SCP-9419 within the containment chamber. If this occurs, then monitoring personnel are to inform relevant facility staff to the presence of SCP-9419 and document all details of interaction. The operator must engage with SCP-9419 in Scenario 1 (all scenarios are detailed below) for as long as is possible. Any breaks taken from engagement should not exceed 5 minutes, as each minute beyond the fifth exponentially increases the odds of triggering Scenario 1c.

Facility staff must be prepared to restock the storage unit with the containment chamber of the engaged operator. Restock staff must not interact with neither the operator nor SCP-9419 beyond what is absolutely necessary for completion of their task. The operator's choice of sleep prevention methods, including a selection of available medications, will also be provided so long as these do not interfere with the operator's continued engagement.

**Description:** SCP-9419 is a sapient entity which manifests as a human female. All details of the entity's appearance beyond the species and biological sex fluctuate depending on the individual targeted by SCP-9419, as SCP-9419 adapts to the preferences and biases of the target. This applies also to all aspects of the entity's personality; the entity appears to make itself "pleasant" for the purpose of interacting with her target. 

SCP-9419 targets individual humans adjacent to or capable of engaging with competitive games. It will manifest approximately 5 meters from its target and outside of their peripheral vision, then approach the target. The entity will attempt to conversate with its target in whatever language the target speaks and exclusively with vocabulary the target will understand. SCP-9419 may engage in rudimentary conversation; however, the entity will always attempt to guide conversation towards the currently available competitive games. It will pose a challenge to the individual in the form of a question, and there are three possible outcomes to the challenge:

* **Scenario 1:** The challenge is accepted, leading to Scenarios 1a to 1c (detailed below).

* **Scenario 2:** The challenge is denied. Should the target refuse to engage with SCP-9419, it will make exactly one more attempt to pose the challenge. Continued denial at this stage causes SCP-9419 to demanifest. Memories of SCP-9419 speaking a verbal farewell and exiting the area in non-anamolous manner are implanted in the mind of the target and all humans within sensory range.

* **Scenario 3:** The challenge is interrupted. Events which prevent engagement with the target will result in demanifestation similar to Scenario 2.

If the target chooses to accept the challenge, another three outcomes are possible:

* **Scenario 1a:** The target wins the game. SCP-9419 will congratulate the target, then pose the challenge question again. If the target continues to win, this process will repeat indefinitely. 

* **Scenario 1b:** The target loses the game. SCP-9419 will immediately demanifest, and the target will disappear. It is currently unknown if the target is spatially relocated or materially erased. Other humans within sensory range will have their recent memories modified to remove the presence of the target and SCP-9419.

* **Scenario 1c:** The game is interrupted. Events which prevent further engagement with the target result in demanifestation similar to Scenario 2.

SCP-9419 engages with games using the target's understanding of the rules, even if these rules violate the typical understanding of the game's rules or defined/programmed game states. The entity will engage with nearly any competitive game as long as there is some element of skill and a maximum of two players. The entity will refuse to engage with games requiring three or more players. Attempting to engage the entity in such a game will result in a Scenario 3.

SCP-9419 will also refuse to engage in games in which violence is permitted and/or necessary to achieve victory. Any attempts to engage in violence with SCP-9419 will result in a Scenario 3.

Targets who survive any SCP-9419 Scenario report feeling "normal" and "calm" while engaging with the entity. Regardless of anomalous situations, such as a manifestation in an impossible to reach location, the target reports no feelings of hostility or confusion; instead, targets will feel as though SCP-9419 arriving and departing was a typical non-anomalous event. However, targets will not offer any information regarding the event to others without specific prompting, and often use vague language to describe the event/entity, such as "a friend visited" or "I played a game with an acquaintance". As such, SCP-9419 has been classified as a cognitohazard. 

**Addenda:**

**Research Log #33 authored by Daniel Gutierrez on 15/2/1996**

@@ @@

Today's review of gathered videographic evidence may have provided our team further insight into the functionality of SCP-9419. I will detail the evidence we believe points to SCP-9419 being a singular spatially locked existence, as opposed to the possibility of multiple simultaneous manifestations. 

@@ @@

Due to a lack of recorded evidence, Foundation researchers have debated whether our current methods of containing SCP-9419 are functional or if we are operating based on faulty assumptions. We previously did not have the data to support the idea that SCP-9419 can only manifest in one place at a time, but today's analysis may move the needle in that regard.

@@ @@

I will be referring to Video Logs #24 and #25, our most recent recorded sightings of SCP-9419. In Video Log #24, which starts at 9:47PM on February 9th 1994, SCP-9419 manifests in the Copperfields Bar & Grill in Manchester, UK and targets George Davis-Langley at a billiards table. At 9:49PM, a Scenario 2 is triggered and SCP-9419 demanifests.

@@ @@

At 9:49PM on February 9th 1994, SCP-9419 manifests within Containment Chamber Mars-02 at an undisclosed Foundation facility and targets the operator Cheryl MacMillan. This event is captured and recorded as Video Log #25. By synchronizing the timestamps for the footage, one may observe SCP-9419 demanifesting from the Copperfields Bar & Grill and manifesting in Containment Chamber Mars-02 as close to simultaneously as our technology can show. The facility operator was on standby since 10:00AM of that same day, meaning SCP-9419 could have manifested at any point during her interaction with George Davis-Langley in Containment Chamber Mars-02. Instead, the simultaneous disappearance and reappearance indicates that SCP-9419 could only manifest at the second location once demanifested at the first.

@@ @@

It is the recommendation of the research team that our collection of Video Logs be re-evaluated in order to find more possible instances of simultaneous de/remanifestation, or to discover evidence to the contrary.

@@ @@

Signed, Daniel Gutierrez

**Video Log #29 Transcript**

**Date:** June 6th, 1997

**Subject:** First recorded instance of SCP-9419 learning a new game. Relevant portions edited for brevity.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*8:09AM: Felix DiMarco, 36 y/o operator in Containment Chamber Saturn-06, is sitting at a table with an empty seat across from him. He is playing Solitaire with a deck of cards.*

*8:10AM: SCP-9419 manifests inside of Containment Chamber Saturn-06. She is approximately 1.54 meters tall and appears to be Caucasian. She is wearing a tanktop that is tucked into her denim pants with a black leather belt. She has small stud ear piercings, and her blonde hair is held in a ponytail. She circles around to stand adjacent to the table, smiling as she addresses Felix.*

**SCP-9419:** Hey there! Sorry to interrupt, you looked so focused on your game there.

*Felix reacts with a casual demeanor and returns her smile.*

**Felix:** S'all good, I'm just passin' the time. You one of the staff here?

**SCP-9419:** No, I'm just visiting. Mind if I...?

*SCP-9419 gestures to the available seat. Felix waves a hand.*

**Felix:** Be my guest.

*SCP-9419 sits across from Felix.*

**SCP-9419:** Thank you. I appreciate it, Mister. 

*Felix begins to consolidate his cards back into the deck, as his game is finished.*

**Felix:** Name's Felix. And you?

**SCP-9419:** Penelope. My friends call me Penny. Would you like to play a game, Felix?

**Felix:** Sure, I ain't got nothing better to do. How's about I teach ya a game my pa taught me?

**SCP-9419:** Whatever you'd like. Dealer's choice. 

**Felix:** Ha, fair 'nuff. Game's called Battle of Queens. 

*8:11AM to 8:13AM: Felix explains the rules of the card game. SCP-9419 prompts further explanation only once. Felix then deals the cards and the game starts.*

**Felix:** A'ight, you're up first. Remember, draw first, then make your moves on the table.

**SCP-9419:** Right. Okay, I think I've got it.

*SCP-9419 takes her turn. As instructed, she knocks on the table to indicate her turn is finished.*

**Felix:** Good go, but ya missed a move right here. See? Red five on black 6. 

*SCP-9419 laughs and shakes her head.*

**SCP-9419:** Dammit, okay, guess I knocked too soon.

**Felix:** You're alright there, Penny. See, now I've got an open lane, and can drop any card I want. Boom, boom, boom.

*Felix knocks on the table. Gameplay continues for 6 minutes and 23 seconds. Dialogue exchange is very minimal.*

**Felix:** One more move, and, done!

**SCP-9419:** Ha-ha, you won! Good game. 

**Felix:** Good game, kid.

*SCP-9419 offers a handshake and Felix accepts.*

**SCP-9419:** Wanna play another round? I think I'm getting the hang of it.

**Felix:** Sure, deal us in. I got nowhere else to be, and they're payin' me to play cards with whoever shows up, so you won't hear me complainin' 'bout it.

**SCP-9419:** Paid to play cards, eh? No wonder you're an ace.

**Felix:** It's a good gig. Hell, maybe you could get a little game room of your own, too, iffen you're looking for work.

*SCP-9419 giggles as she deals the cards.*

**SCP-9419:** Maybe. You'll have to put a good word in with your boss for me.

*Gameplay resumes, and continues for 2 hours and 42 minutes. As instructed, Felix accepts each challenge when presented with Scenario 1a.*

*11:05AM: SCP-9419 achieves a winning game state. 22 seconds later, both Felix and SCP-9419 vanish from Containment Chamber Saturn-06.*

[END LOG]

---

**Researcher's Note:** The contents of this log imply the entity known as SCP-9419 learns information at a rate comparable to the average adult human. As this is the first record we have of the entity requesting to be taught the rules of the game, we ought to test if the entity retains knowledge of this particular game's rules between manifestations. "Battle of Queens" has been added to the skill-tracking database and the entity has been granted a rating of 01-Novice. 

**Research Log #102, authored by Doctor Daniel Gutierrez on 6/10/1999**

I want this log to be the official record of my first hand encounter with SCP-9419. I will recount every detail of this encounter to the best of my ability, while the experience and memories are still fresh. 

@@ @@

SCP-9419 manifested in Records Room 4 at Site 84 while I was performing routine paperwork organization. I was sorting duplicate reports between their specific classifications and disposing of redundant papers. To break the monotony, I had begun to ball up sheets of paper and toss them into the wastebasket. It was during this activity that SCP-9419 manifested.

@@ @@

SCP-9419 had the appearance of a woman in her late twenties. This manifestation had red hair and forest green eyes. She was wearing the type of clothing I would expect of an intern for most workplaces: business casual black skirt, white leggings and magenta button down top. I recall she was wearing modest heels as well.

@@ @@

SCP-9419 said a formal greeting, "good afternoon Doctor", and stood by the door. In retrospect, I don't recall ever hearing the door open or close, but at the time I did not even think about it. I greeted her and turned in my chair to see who she was but did not recognize her. That should have rung alarm bells, yet it did not. She asked me what I was doing, and I explained in brief detail my duty at that time. SCP-9419 shook her head and clarified, "what are you doing with *those* papers?"

@@ @@

The entity had gestured to the collection of golfball sized paper balls in the wastebasket.

@@ @@

I answered "disposal", which caused SCP-9419 to smirk. 

@@ @@ 

"You were playing a game." She accused. "I saw you throw 'em."

@@ @@

I replied with "I suppose. What's it matter to you? Who *are* you, anyway? And what are you doing here?"

@@ @@

"Anita Porter, and I'm on my break. Thought I'd keep you company for a bit. May I?" She had answered. There is not, nor has there ever been, an Anita Porter who worked for the Foundation. Despite my complete unfamiliarity, I didn't deny her request. 

@@ @@

The minor details of our conversation elude me now, but I do recall reminiscing about my first days working for the Foundation. I explained how the other newbies and I made a game out of tossing paper balls into waste baskets. We'd tally up our sinks and misses to determine a winner by the end of the day. Throwing the paper balls became a difficult habit to break, even after I'd been reprimanded for it.

@@ @@

"Can we play?" She asked me.

@@ @@

"Sure," I ended up replying. I recall the only hesitation I felt was a concern for being seen throwing around garbage by a higher up. As difficult as it may be to believe, the idea that I was communicating with SCP-9419 did not cross my mind once. I was simply in a room with a coworker, having a friendly and casual encounter with a pretty lady. No survival instinct flared up to warn me of the danger I ought to have been aware of.

@@ @@

Instead, we played. The game was simple: as I sorted papers, I'd pull out a potential projectile for disposal purposes and we would take turns making shots for the basket. Whoever missed first would be the loser.

@@ @@

Luckily, I won. It was SCP-9419 who missed. Thinking back on that moment, my heart begins to race as I realize how close I came to disappearing. Near-death experiences are a dime a dozen for Foundation personnel, but this was a first for me. I am grateful that, when offered to play a second round, I politely declined. SCP-9419 then appeared to smile, stand up, and say something to the effect of "well, I should get back to work. So long, Doctor." She then walked out the door, closing it behind. 

@@ @@

Of course, I'm now aware that this dialogue never occurred. In reality, the moment I declined, SCP-9419 vanished into thin air.

@@ @@

While my encounter may not be novel, it has made me realize a previously unrecorded aspect of the behavior of SCP-9419. It would be a *massive* coincidence that one of the researchers learning about SCP-9419 would go on to encounter SCP-9419 if there were no governing pattern to her appearances. Our data may be too scant to support it, but I have a hypothesis that SCP-9419 designates certain areas as "frequent haunts", to use a turn of phrase. Perhaps a higher than average game acceptance rate has been noticed by this entity, and as a result she returns here more often when selecting future targets. My bad habit of tossing paper around attracted her attention, or so I have come to believe.

@@ @@

In conclusion, I must admit that I underestimated the effect of SCP-9419 on her targets. Having experienced it firsthand, I can state with confidence that she erects mental blocks to keep her targets from considering the potential danger of accepting her presence. My reason for refusal had nothing to do with any perceived threat she posed; rather, it was external to our interactions. SCP-9419 made me feel comfortable with our interactions but seemingly didn't affect my emotions beyond that influence. Could this point to some aspect of morality, where this entity perceives further manipulations as wrong, or is it a limitation set by the entity's nature?

@@ @@

I have never felt so fascinated with her than I do now. 

@@ @@

Signed, Doctor Daniel Gutierrez

**Video Log #247 Transcript**

**Date:** January 22nd, 2000

**Subject:** The following is the dialogue exchange between SCP-9419 Containment Chamber Operator Jeremy Thurston and Case Designate SCP-9419, edited sparsely for brevity and readability.

**Additional Context:** Jeremy Thurston is a 04-Journeyman level card player employed by the Foundation at Site 88. This site uses hidden cameras and an inner ear communications device in their containment chambers for the purposes of cheating in games against SCP-9419. Cheating against SCP-9419 has mixed results, but in this instance, the deception was not discovered, perhaps in part due to the ability of Jeremy Thurston to maintain an inscrutable "poker face". He has been provided a document with exact details of how to interact verbally with SCP-9419.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*12:34PM: Jeremy Thurston, 43 y/o operator in Containment Chamber Mercury-07, is sitting at a table with a deck of cards, a radio, and an empty seat at the other end of the table. He listens to sports games as he practices his card tricks. Beside him is a clipboard containing pages of documentation.*

*12:34PM: SCP-9419 manifests within Mercury-07. Without an exchange of words or greetings, she steps over to and sits in the empty seat. She is approximately 1.9 meters tall and olive skinned. Her hair is long, black, and straight. Her eyes are nearly black in color, later reported to be very dark brown. Her clothing consists of a form-fitting brownish-orange dress and black slipper shoes. Both ears are pierced and she's wearing rings on both hands.*

**Jeremy:** Hello, beautiful. Would you like to play a game?

**SCP-9419:** I'd love to. Could you tell me what you'd like to play?

**Jeremy:** It's a game called "Liar's Deck". I'll deal nine cards to each of us, then play the top card of the deck face up. You will start your turn by drawing a card. Then, you play up to three "legal" cards face down. A legal card is any card of greater value, and you have to declare aloud what card you are playing as you play it, but you can also lie about the cards you're playing, and you must play at least one card. Either way, your declaration signals the end of your turn, so then I gotta go next. I've got two choices: one, I could accuse you of lying. The accusation reveals whichever cards you played, and if I was right, you gotta add every card on the stack to your hand. If I was wrong, then the stack goes to me instead. Then the top card is played face up again and we continue from there. My other option is to just accept you're telling the truth and play my own cards with the same rules applied to me. Winner is the first to shed their hand. Getting it so far?

*SCP-9419 nods her head.*

**Jeremy:** Good. Here's the kicker. If you are found out to be a liar, you incure a debt to the truth. To clear the debt, you must answer a question of mine to the best of your ability and being as honest as possible. Refuse to answer or lie again and you default on the debt, conceding the game. Do you think you can follow these rules?

**SCP-9419:** I can try, sure. Obviously, there's some stuff I'm not going to answer, so I hope we can agree to be reasonable with our questions.

**Jeremy:** Yeah, I gotcha. We all like our privacy. Just remember, if you do answer, the answer has to be honest, else you lose. Now, I'll deal us in.

*Jeremy shuffles the deck and deals the cards. Gameplay begins at 12:37PM. Three turns pass before SCP-9419 attempts to bluff. Jeremy's inner ear communicator beeps to inform him of the bluff.*

**Jeremy:** Liar. 

*SCP-9419 grins. The cards are flipped over and her bluff is revealed.*

**SCP-9419:** You got me. 

**Jeremy:** I most certainly did. Now, for my first question. What happens to me if I lose to you?

**SCP-9419**: You go away, I think. Okay, I play the top card face up, right?

*Another set of turns occurs. Jeremy calls out another bluff.*

**Jeremy:** Liar.

*The cards are revealed.*

**Jeremy:** Following up on your previous answer, my question is, do you mean that I would die?

**SCP-9419:** Not in a literal sense, no.

*The game continues. Jeremy purposefully bluffs badly and ignores a bluff by SCP-9419 to disguise the cheating that is occurring. This recurs as games continue. SCP-9419 is given an opportunity to ask a question of Jeremy.*

**SCP-9419:** Who do you work for?

**Jeremy:** The Foundation.

*Gameplay continues until Jeremy calls a bluff. He asks a question.*

**Jeremy:** Where are you from?

**SCP-9419:** Someplace very far away that I doubt you've ever heard of.

*The next question asked comes from Jeremy again.*

**Jeremy:** Are you from this planet?

**SCP-9419:** That's one I'm not gonna answer, sorry. I don't like telling strangers where I'm from. But, I'd like to keep playing, would you?

*Jeremy appears to be unphased by the implications of this answer as he repeats Scenario 1a. Gameplay resumes, and Jeremy gets to ask another question.*

**Jeremy:** Why are you here?

**SCP-9419:** To play games, of course.

*Gameplay resumes until the next question is asked, this time by SCP-9419.*

**SCP-9419:** Why do you want to know so much about me?

**Jeremy:** Uh, clarification, do you mean "you" as in "me, Jeremy" or "you" as in "people working for the Foundation"?

**SCP-9419:** You, Jeremy.

**Jeremy:** I guess the honest answer is that I don't. I was given a job, money to do it, and a deck of cards. The questions weren't picked by me, so...is that a good enough answer, Miss?

**SCP-9419:** That'll do. Your turn.

*Gameplay resumes. SCP-9419 bluffs, and Jeremy calls it out.*

**Jeremy:** Are you a human being?

**SCP-9419:** You may not believe me, but the truthful answer is both yes and no.

*Again, the implications go ignored by Jeremy. When gameplay resumes, SCP-9419 seems to be learning to play her hands much safer, making it more difficult for Jeremy to catch her on a bluff. He is forced to attempt a bluff and is called out for it.*

**Jeremy:** Damn, alright. What's your question?

**SCP-9419:** Are you cheating, Jeremy?

**Jeremy:** What? No, I...

*At 1:22PM, Jeremy and SCP-9419 vanish from Containment Chamber Mercury-07.* 

[END LOG]

**Researcher's Note:** A full analysis of every answer obtained during this game will be written up at a later date. In summary: SCP-9419 appears to admit to being extraterrestrial in origin and, at least partially, a non-human entity. Additionally, we have confirmation that the victims of SCP-9419 may still be alive. This information and more will be cataloged alongside similar video transcripts to corroborate answers given in other games run by the Foundation. 

| Successfully logged into "Employee Terminal" as User DGutierrez

| Accessing Chatroom Conference...

| Verifying credentials...

| Credentials verified. Joining Chatroom Conference...

| Joined Chatroom Conference. Welcome, DGutierrez

*User TSpade has joined the chat.*

*User MGardner has joined the chat.*

**ALarson:** Let's confirm we're all here. Type "present" in the chat for rollcall.

**TSpade:** Present.

**DGutierrez:** Present.

**ZJacobson:** present

**MGardner:** Present.

**FKraznov:** Present.

**HDell:** Present.

**ALarson:** Excellent. Thank you all for attending our monthly research conference on SCP-9419. For the record, the date is September 18th, 2006, and the time is 11:02AM. The first item on our schedule is log consolidation, raised by Dr. Jacobson. The floor is yours.

**ZJacobson:** Thank you, Chairman Larson. I propose the expansion of the skill-tracking database from paper logs at some locations to digital logs at all locations. Much time that could be better spent elsewhere has instead been allotted to intersite communication via phone or email. This proposal would make inclusion of this database mandatory at all locations where SCP-9419 has dedicated containment chambers, eliminating the need for intersite communications.

**ALarson:** Are there any objections?

**FKraznov:** I've got something.

**FKraznov:** The inclusion of the database will also require a unified skill measurement system, right?

**ZJacobson:** That's the idea, yes. Dr. Gutierrez and Dr. Gardner have a system in place that will be included in the database.

**FKraznov:** Alright, as long as we're all on the same page. No objections.

**ALarson:** I believe that settles that. 

**ALarson:** The second scheduled item has been raised by Dr. Gutierrez, and relates to the cheating method of containment for SCP-9419. The floor is yours.

**DGutierrez:** Thank you, Dr. Larson. I would like to petition my fellow research leads to modify the existing special containment procedures for SCP-9419 to include methods for cheating in games played with her.

**TSpade:** Here we go again.

**ALarson:** You object?

**TSpade:** Of course I object, like everyone else here should too.

**HDell:** I second his objection.

**DGutierrez:** Please elaborate.

**TSpade:** Cheating has highly inconsistent and dangerous results. Your site has the highest fatality rate of all, Dr. Gutierrez. Are you trying to get ours to match yours?

**DGutierrez:** Not at all, Dr. Spade. I believe my team has narrowed down the cause of cheating related loss states. SCP-9419 seems to made a case-by-case judgement depending on the game being played on whether cheating constitutes a loss or is considered an interruption of gameplay triggering a Scenario 1c. If we had access to more cheating tests from other facilities, the data could help us understand the data inconsistency.

**TSpade:** And you believe you came to this conclusion based on the data, and not based on your biases?

**DGutierrez:** The data supports my conclusion that SCP-9419 is not as capricious and inconsistent as you may believe. She follows a rigid logic and reasons out her conclusions. 

**HDell:** I'm sorry, but even your usage of she and her for this entity reveals your rose colored glasses. We cannot assume the notions of dimorphic sexual biology apply to this thing, yet you do. You are anthropomorphizing it. 

**DGutierrez:** I am merely repeating the stated pronouns of the entity herself.

**HDell:** I'm sure the doctorates in anthropology and psychology have nothing to do with these conclusions, right? Or how about the fact that you were exposed to its cognitohazard?

**TSpade:** Dr. Dell has a point. Your team has expressed on multiple occasions how they believe your direct exposure to SCP-9419 is clouding your judgment when it comes to perceiving it as the threat it is. We ought to be considering termination or improved containment methods that work consistently, not making excuses to interview this thing like it isn't a monster.

**FKraznov:** That does raise the question if the cheating method is more effective than the alternatives. I've been looking at your data, Dr. Gutierrez, and the results have not been promising overall.

**DGutierrez:** I'll be the first to admit that our first forays into cheating were not very effective. However, more recent data using improved methods have resulted in more communication opportunities and greater containment time when compared to sites not using the cheating method.

**FKraznov:** Your sample size is simply too small for me to take this seriously. It's my opinion we ought to be looking for non-compliant methods for containment, like generating spatial distortion fields to cancel its ability to vanish. If cheating looked better on paper, I'd approve of it as a stopgap, but not with the data we have now. I also object.

**ZJacobson:** I must object as well. Even if the data was more consistent, I'm not comfortable expanding on the current special containment procedures for the purposes of communicating with SCP-9419. We already know it lies regularly. Any conclusion we derive from information gained by talking to it should be viewed as dubious at best.

**DGutierrez:** We do not engage in cheating for the purpose of communication, we do so to increase containment time and save lives. It is an additional benefit that further communication is made possible with better containment.

**ZJacobson:** Your personal belief that SCP-9419 can be reasoned with doesn't influence that decision, Dr. Gutierrez?

**DGutierrez:** No, it does not. However, I maintain that belief, and the belief that attempting more aggressive containment methods in future could permanently jeopardize any possibility of rectifying a potential misunderstanding.

**TSpade:** Horse hockey, all of it. Regardless, you don't have the votes, Danny. It's clear to us you're compromised.

**DGutierrez:** Compromised?? Because I support a functional method of improved containment?

**HDell:** We ought to take the threat of a cognitohazard seriously. You have to admit that your encounter made you more sympathetic to SCP-9419.

**DGutierrez:** Damn right it did. I spoke to someone with human level reason, one lacking in motivation to cause harm. Our interview results speak for themselves. SCP-9419 does not want to cause harm.

**HDell:** I could not disagree more. It operates in such a way to mask its purpose and presence. Why mask itself so, if it has no malicious intent?

**DGutierrez:** I believe the entity we interact with is an avatar of a greater being, created for the purpose of interacting with us, similar to the player character in an RPG. Are you lying when you play a character in a video game? No, you're assuming a role for the purpose of having fun. I think it's the same for SCP-9419. It thinks we are like NPCs in a video game, and collects us up like trophies in an inventory.

**HDell:** While an interesting hypothesis, the support for it is lacking. Would the interpretation that SCP-9419 is a sociopathic human with reality-bending abilities not function with even fewer assumptions?

**TSpade:** Given its almost mechanical logic, I believe the artificial intelligence hypothesis has even fewer assumptions.

**ALarson:** We have veered too far from the topic at hand. As has been stated, the proposal has been rejected.

**DGutierrez:** This is ridiculous.

**ALarson:** It's how we do things, Daniel. Do you need to excuse yourself?

**DGutierrez:** Yes, I do. Continue without me.

*User DGutierrez has left the chat.*

@@ @@

To whom it may concern,

@@ @@

For almost twenty years, I have devoted myself to scientific research on behalf of the Foundation and its goals. Not once did I falter in that devotion, not while I believed my actions could prevent harm to the innocent people of the world. Yet, I have received a Notice of Demotion from my superiors. It states, in clear terms, that it is the belief of my superiors that my mind is not entirely my own. I was warned this notice may come if I rejected the offer to receive amnestics in order to erase the influence of 9419 from my memory.

@@ @@

I do not regret this decision. In fact, I believe strongly that any reasonable scientist in my position would reject that offer. You see, *everyone* is a composite creature, made up of memories and experiences that build you into who you are. My encounter with 9419 motivated me to seek out the Head of Research position and, yes, colored my view of the entity. How is this a punishable offense? How is this different from the emotions and motivations of dozens of scientists in this field? We *all* are influenced by experiences, and it is unfair to assume the same doesn't apply to me, or even to 9419 for that matter. 

@@ @@

My counter offer for the use of deceit detection technology on myself was ignored. Instead, the Foundation took the easier and "safer" route, removing me from my position of influence rather than attempting to prove I'm compromised by a cognitohazard. I understand why this was done. I just see it as the cowardly and lazy decision it was, and wish to receive acknowledgement of the injustice laid at my feet.

@@ @@ 

Signed, Doctor Daniel Gutierrez

<< [SCP-9419](SCP-9419) | SCP-9419 | [SCP-9419](SCP-9419) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
