=====

=====

:root {

    --header-title: "APPLIED TEMPORAL DEPT.";

    --header-subtitle: "For the Transcendence of Humanity";

    ~~lgurl: url('https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local~~files/chronesthesia-1/SCP_Time_logo.png');

    --header-h1-font-size: clamp(1.6rem, 5vw, 2.8125rem);

    --header-h2-font-size: clamp(0.8rem, 3vw, 0.9375rem);

}

#header::before {

    background-size: auto calc(var(--header-height-on-desktop) - 0.5rem);

}

#header h1 a::before,

#header h2 span::before {

    display: none;

}

#header h1 a::after {

    line-height: 1.2;

text-shadow: 2px 2px #fff, 

-2px -2px #fff, 

0px 2px #fff, 

0px -2px #fff, 

2px 0px #fff, 

-2px 0px #fff, 

2px -2px #fff, 

-2px 2px #fff;

}

#header h2 span::after {

    margin-top: 10px;

text-shadow: 1px 1px #fff, 

-1px -1px #fff, 

0px 1px #fff, 

0px -1px #fff, 

1px 0px #fff, 

-1px 0px #fff, 

1px -1px #fff, 

-1px 1px #fff;

}

**Item #:** SCP-9032

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation and civilian governments are to continuously suppress public knowledge of SCP-9032, while tracking and studying the behavior of all SCP-9032-1 instances. Besides this, no active measures should be taken. SCP-9032-1 cases should not be contained unless they pose an immediate threat to the previous goal or to the sustenance of global normalcy.

**Description:** SCP-9032 is a phenomenon that occurs on individuals (designated SCP-9032-1) that are unable to perceive time normally. SCP-9032-1 entities are typically:

* Largely inaccurate in perceiving the time duration of an event, a thought, or a physical process.

 * Those can include daily activities such as eating, sleeping, and talking, as well as academic or professional activities. Still, the latter is uncommon due to the impact this trait has on their careers.

 * The margins of said inaccuracy range from 0.1% (1ms / second) to 50% (0.5s / second).

 * This trait must not be a result of other pre-existing conditions (disease, trauma, etc.).

* Unable to keep track of time without relying on external "timekeeping" apparatuses;

* Unable to see time in its physical form.

* Difficulty in communicating concepts related to time.

Individuals affected by SCP-9032 will repetitively encounter mental images and abstractions that reflect non-existent objects and events. This effect manifests in multiple ways.

* A tendency to believe in non-existent descriptions of events and actively disseminate those narratives, and associated empathic reactions;

* Causing failure to comply with social norms.

**Addendum:** SCP-9032 is believed to be non-contagious, but standard measures against cognitohazards are advised.

**Addendum:** As of October 2, 2091, there is 1 SCP-9032-1 instance left.

**Addendum:** As of October 5, 2091, the last SCP-9032-1 instance has deceased; SCP-9032 is considered neutralized.

<< [SCP-9031](SCP-9031) | SCP-9032 | [SCP-9033](SCP-9033) >>
