**Item #:** SCP-9688

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9688 is to be contained in a standard object storage locker at Site-78.

 

**Description:** SCP-9688 is a metal toilet originally installed in the male public restroom at [REDACTED] Bus Station, England. When a human vomits into and then flushes SCP-9688, a stream of water laced with peppermint extract will be fired from inside its bowl, directly into the subject’s open mouth.

**Discovery Log:** SCP-9688 was discovered to have been created by Gregory Simmons, a local civilian and mage living in the area. Other similarly affected toilets were found in the public restrooms of several additional locations Mr. Simmons often frequented. These instances featured self-cleaning properties, higher resistance to damage, and specifically an enchantment that dissuaded the insertion of safety cones.

The following is an interview between Mr. Simmons and Dr. Charlotte Grant:

> **Grant:** Veil protocols forbid mages from placing any sort of enchantments in community spaces. You are aware of that?

> 

> **Simmons:** Shit, I didn’t know, ok? *rubs forehead* Probably read it somewhere like… fifteen years agoMr. Simmons completed his studies as a mage at a community academy around this time, but I forget.

> 

> **Grant:** And your reasoning for the creation of SCP-9688?

> 

> **Simmons:** Doing my part as a concerned citizen! Do you know how many people use that thing on a Saturday night? Don’t want it overflowing with bile...

> 

> **Grant:** We did notice that SCP-9688 functioned far better than its condition might suggest. So you also made it unable to clog?

> 

> **Simmons:** Yeah, the spray’s just a bonus. Nobody wants to mack down on someone with vomit all over their lips.

> 

> **Grant:** Why not give it superior enchantments?

> 

> **Simmons:** You people found me throwing up in a bus station toilet on a Tuesday afternoon. I spend my free time enchanting toilets, you think I have capabilities beyond that?

> 

> **Grant:** You’d be surprised. Do you have an affinity for any other arcane skills?

> 

> **Simmons:** Like I ever considered that… I'm not great with most magic, much less the mundane, even. Trust me when I say it’s a good thing I don’t know how to drive…

> 

> **Grant:** Was that why you couldn't repair the other nearby toilets?

> 

> **Simmons:** That's the thing, I can only enchant ones that aren't completely broken. It was the only working toilet in the whole bus station! Sure it didn’t even have a lid and you’d probably get god knows how many diseases just from breathing in the air around it, but it was better than nothing! …Just did what I could.

Mr. Simmons’s current employment status revealed him to have been unemployed for the last two years. Foundation employment and basic housing support is being taken under consideration.

<< [SCP-9687](SCP-9687) | SCP-9688 | [SCP-9689](SCP-9689) >>
