.scp-image-block {

    box-shadow: none;

}

 .creditRate {

    margin-right: 0 !important;

}

 .rate-box-with-credit-button {

    box-shadow: none !important;

}

=====

=====

**SCP-9898:** The International Date Scar

by 

*China is one massive time zone.*

**Item #:** SCP-9898

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9898 is kept on the body of Mark Copperfore, requiring no further active containment measures.

The current geopolitical state of the time zone system, including the International Date Line, is already being monitored as part of higher priority containment projects.

**Description:** SCP-9898 is a line of scar tissue in the shape of the International Date Line, the cartographic convention defining the boundary between two calendar days, present on the body of Mark Copperfore, a 40-year-old geography teacher from Auckland, New Zealand.

SCP-9898 streches from Copperfore's breast down to the bottom of his abdomen, measuring roughly 60 centimeters in length, and is positioned on the left side of his body. Aside from occasional meteoropathic pains, SCP-9898 did not cause any considerable discomfort in Copperfore's daily life.

SCP-9898 appeared in September 1993, as a consequence of a break-in in Copperfore's home. Copperfore woke up due to sounds made by a burglar, and upon encountering him, immediately got assaulted with a pocket knife. The burglar, whose identity remains unknown, promptly fled, while Copperfore's screaming alarmed his partner, who quickly contacted local police and paramedics. Copperfore's injury missed all vital organs and was relatively shallow despite its length, leading only to blood loss, and no other significant health consequences. SCP-9898 was discovered following Copperfore's interview in an Auckland newspaper in which he detailed the burglary and humorously noted the similarity between the shape of his injury and the International Date Line.

SCP-9898 was classified as anomalous due to suspected probabilistic irregularities. However, as these were unconfirmed, it remained a low priority project.

**Addendum 9898.1:** Incident Greenwich

Copperfore was found deceased as a result of an accident while attending a 1994 New Year's Eve party, where he tripped and landed on a misplaced pair of scissors. Post-mortem analysis of Copperfore's corpse has revealed that SCP-9898 has shifted directly onto his heart, puncturing it, and killing him near instantly. It remains unclear how a pair of scissors was physically able to move in a way to achieve this as a result of a simple direct impact. 

It was noted that at the same time the Republic of Kiribati had introduced a change in the county's date, altering the shape of the International Date Line to go around the nation's territory. This was caused by complications arising from the former arrangement, as one part of Kiribati had a different calendar date than the rest of the country, which resulted in significant difficulties in governmental and commercial affairs.

Due to diplomatic concerns, the governments of New Zealand and Kiribati have not been informed of the incident or the latter's involuntary involvement.

<< [SCP-9897](SCP-9897) | SCP-9898 | [SCP-9899](SCP-9899) >>

> **Filename:** dateline.png

> **Author:** Amitchell125

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:International_Date_Line_(Kiribati_region).svg)
