Item #: SCP-9462

Object Class: Euclid, Potentially Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-9462 is kept at Site-19 and is to be contained within a 8x8x8 meter box with at least 15 layers of tungsten, silver, and steel, with said layers ordered to be no thinner than 1.5 inches(every layer of metal is currently 2 inches thick because of a recent containment breach). SCP-9462 also has to have electric fences installed inside the chamber's walls. SCP-9462's containment chamber has to have at least 2 armed personnel guarding it at all times to alert of it breaching and to try and re-contain it. SCP-9462's containment chamber has to have at least one source of entertainment(books) and sleep, alongside weekly food supplies and water. (SCP-9462's weekly food deliveries have to mainly consist of carbs and fibers)

In the case that SCP-9462 escapes containment, personnel are to be equipped with CEWs and other weapons in the case SCP-9462 lashes out and attempts to terminate personnel. However, the CEW's and the protocol have both not been needed yet because of the nature of SCP-9462. This protocol is just to be sure no deaths will occur in the case he does attack personnel.

Description: SCP-9462 appears to be a male 14 year old humanoid entity standing at a measured height of 1.92 meters with high muscle mass, a large tail-like-limb instead of legs, black eyes with white pupils, red skin, a mutilated right shoulder, and a crown on the top of its head made out of bone, which has recently been revealed to be part of its skull.

SCP-9462 floats 3-7 cm off the ground at all times, and can transform his right arm into a large reddish-brownish spike with almost three dozen thorns on said arm.

SCP-9462 has high physical strength, speed, and durability, also having a high regeneration factor. However, his body has way higher electrolyte levels than the average person and nearly no body fat, making him extremely weak against electric currents, which also slows down his regeneration process. SCP-9462 also has pure immunity to illness and disease.

SCP-9462 is very patient, kind, protective, gentle, and overall one of the nicest anomalous objects in Site-19. The main two reasons why he is classified as Euclid/Potentially Keter however is because he is very difficult to contain and he could be very dangerous.

SCP-9462 was first found in a convenience store in Toronto on February 21st, 2021, and after a breach at Site-19, he went back to Toronto and got contained again, on February 25th, 2021.

Interview with SCP-9462 and Dr. ████.

Interviewer: SCP-9462

Interviewed: Dr. ████

Time of interview: 2:47 PM October 1st 2023

SCP-9462: Hello?

Dr. ████: So you are still contained. Jeez, you can barely tell with how bad those lights are in your containment chamber. We can barely see you.

SCP-9462: Yeah, it's horrible. So, what do you need?

Dr. ████: We at the SCP Foundation need to get as much information from these "things" as possible, and the fact that you're one of the rare ones that know how to speak, we can get a lot of information from you. Because of this, we'll need to interview you kind of often.

SCP-9462: Alright then. Ask me anything.

Dr. ████: We appreciate the compliance. First of all, we've noticed you instantly went to find SCP-076 to fight him during the containment breach on the 25th of February 2 years ago. Is there a specific reason as to why?

SCP-9462: I just like fighting, man. Besides, he is really strong, and I mean REALLY strong. Almost broke one of my ribs.

Dr. ████: And you are the same guy that can withstand a rocket launcher without nearly even a twenty-forth of you being damaged in any mildly-serious way. Great.

SCP-9462: Is there something wrong?

Dr. ████: Yes, there is something wrong. If you can withstand a round from a rocket launcher with minimal injuries and at the same time almost have your ribs broken by a punch from SCP-076, we'll need a WAY more durable containment chamber for him.

SCP-9462: So... valuable information?

Dr. ████: Yeah, but that info means more taxes for more money to contain the guy, which includes the amount of taxes I have to pay. Now, next question. Are there any specific things you need to survive?

SCP-9462: Just whatever the average person needs except at least two sources of entertainment, and a LOT more fiber and calories.

Dr. ████: Alright. Next question. Are there specific limits to what you can and cannot do?

SCP-9462: Yeah. The calmer the a situation is, the more time it takes for me to heal, but my body is able to perfect the healing instead of having to rush it. If you ask me, it's pretty cool.

Dr. ████: I bet. Anyways, last question. Were you born like this?

SCP-9462: No. Wanna hear what happened?

Dr. ████: Maybe in our next interview. I'm out of time. Your food reserve is coming in tomorrow.

SCP-9462: Alright! See ya!

*Dr. ████'s footsteps can be heard as he exits the room*
