=====

=====

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9575 is to be held within a Standard Humanoid Containment Chamber in Site-06-3, outfitted with 2 Scranton Reality Anchors. If SCP-9575 disappears from its cell, webcrawler I/O-CAPITAL is to be activated to monitor the web for any mentions of a human male appearing inside bathrooms. If the target of SCP-9575 is found, MTF Omega-12 (“Achilles' Heels”) is to be dispatched to their location to recontain the anomaly using the Mobile Reality Chamber and to amnesticize the affected civilians.

**Description:** SCP-9575 is an overweight, balding Caucasian human male in its 60s. SCP-9575 appears to be sapient, although it has not responded to any questions while in containment. SCP-9575 is capable of teleporting to any location on Earth and creating small invisible walls. 

Should reality anchors fail, SCP-9575 will immediately teleport from its cell to a new location. After breaching, SCP-9575 will choose its target, based on unknown criteria and start teleporting to their bathroom each time the target wants to use it. After appearing in the bathroom, SCP-9575 will proceed to ask its target for a fee (which varies depending on the wealth of the target) to use it. If the target refuses to pay or otherwise attempts to enter the bathroom through any other means, SCP-9575 will prevent the target from doing so by generating an invisible barrier which will only be removed following the payment of SCP-9575's demanded fee. If the fee is provided, SCP-9575 will allow the target private use of the facilities and return upon the target exiting the bathroom. 

The maximal duration of the hunt has not been determined yet, as the assigned MTF unit has been able to recover SCP-9575 in all recorded cases before it could end by itself. The longest recorded hunt up to date lasted for approximately ██ years before the anomaly was first discovered and put in containment by the Foundation teams.

**Addendum 9575.1:** Series of logs from a bathroom belonging to a retired Foundation employee, Dr. Engström (at the time, target of SCP-9575). Installed by the target himself.

> = **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

> = **May 5, 2021 (day 6)**

> 

> *Camera turns on. Dr. Engström is standing right in front of it with a screwdriver in hand.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Okay, It should work now. It's day... 6, I think. For the past 6 days SCP-9575 has been occupying my bathroom. In the past I heard that he disappears after I leave him here. I wonder how it looks... Well, tomorrow I will find out.

> 

> *Dr. Engström proceeds to turn off the camera, turning it on again after about 2 minutes.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** I don't know who came up with the idea of putting sockets inside bathrooms, but they really saved me some logistical issues. 

> 

> *Dr. Engström exits the room. Shortly after that, SCP-9575 comes inside, closes the door, and disappears.*

> 

> = **<<END LOG>>**

> = **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

> = **May 6, 2021 (day 7)**

> 

> *SCP-9575 appears inside the bathroom and proceeds to move towards the door right when it begins to open. Dr. Engström is visible standing outside.*

> 

> **SCP-9575:** 10.

> 

> *Dr. Engström proceeds to quickly pay the required 10 dollars in cash before quickly making his way inside. SCP-9575 proceeds to then exit the room and closes the door behind himself.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** I'm down another 10 bucks. It doesn't matter though, since I've got some recording to watch. I heard that one time this guy hunted someone for more than 10 years... I don't know how long exactly though, since my clearance wasn't high enough... Okay, let's see.

> 

> *Dr. Engström moves his phone closer to the camera which briefly freezes. Shortly after that, Dr. Engström moves his phone back to him and proceeds to watch footage registered from the previous day.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** That's... Disappointing. It just poofs out and that's it. Would be a whole lot more interesting if it cast a teleportation spell here or something.

> 

> *Dr. Engström proceeds to turn off the camera, turning it back on after about 14 minutes. Shortly after that, Dr. Engström proceeds to exit the room. After him doing that, SCP-9575 enters the bathroom. SCP-9575 disappears shortly after closing the door.*

> 

> = **<<END LOG>>**

> = **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

> = **May 12, 2021 (day 13)**

> 

> *SCP-9575 appears inside the bathroom and once again proceeds to move towards the door at the exact moment it began opening. Dr. Engström is visible outside the door with his hand gripping the handle.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Your presence is starting to piss me off.

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Are you going to pay or just complain?

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Very funny.

> 

> *Dr. Engström grabs a jar full of pennies from a shelf outside the door and proceeds to lightly throw it at SCP-9575. The jar shatters, causing the money to drop all over the nearby floor. SCP-9575 starts slowly picking them up.*

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Oneeee... twooooo... threeee...

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** For God's sake. You are now going to count them all!?

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Can you remain silent for a second? I lost my count and have to start all over again. Oneeee...

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Did I tell you already that you piss me off?

> 

> *Dr. Engström pulls out a 10 dollar banknote and drops it in front of SCP-9575's face. SCP-9575 proceeds to pick up the 10 dollars and exit the room. Dr. Engström then enters the bathroom, closes the door, and moves closer to the camera.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Those recordings use A LOT of memory. Even though I keep only the encounter parts of the recording, it's still somehow like 2 GB's per day. I will probably have to start deleting days that are just uninteresting, but let's get to the point, I'm really worried on what will happen if I get food poisoning or something. I will probably bankrupt myself on that. Welp... that's it for the day. I don't have anything else to say.

> 

> *Dr. Engström proceeds to turn off the camera for approximately 17 minutes. After turning it on again, Dr. Engström proceeds to exit the room. Shortly after that, SCP-9575 enters the room, closes the door and disappears.*

> 

> = **<<END LOG>>**

> = **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

> = **June 22, 2021 (day 54)**

> 

> *SCP-9575 appears inside the bathroom and proceeds to open the door behind which Dr. Engström is standing, visibly in pain. Dr. Engström quickly proceeds to pay, run inside while pushing SCP-9575 out of the room, close the door and turn off the camera for approximately 8 minutes*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** It happened! It fucking happened! I have diarrhea! I knew that this would happen one day! It's weird that this didn't happen earlier. I don't know what t-

> 

> **SCP-9575 (from behind the closed door):** I have no clue who are you talking to in there, but you know that you could have just bought insurance?

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** What? Insurance?

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Yeah. You pay an additional 50 cents per day and you get an insurance in case of an emergency.

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Why didn't you tell me that on the first day?

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Why would I? It's not very money-making-friendly of me to do that.

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** You like suffering, huh? You like to earn money from other's misfortune, huh?!

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Are you done in there?

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** There go my hopes of being able to delete this day... Too much imporant information to lose.

> 

> *Dr. Engström proceeds to exit the room, making way for SCP-9575 to come inside. Shortly after closing the door, SCP-9575 disappears.*

> 

> = **<<END LOG>>**

> = **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

> = **September 4, 2021 (day 128)**

> 

> *SCP-9575 appears inside the room and moves towards the door right when the handle begins to move. Dr. Engström stands outside the door.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** I'm out of cash. At least for now. Can I use it and pay you later?

> 

> *SCP-9575 is standing with its back turned towards the camera, so its expression is not visible.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** So?

> 

> **SCP-9575:** No. Coming inside is a privilege. I don't care how poor you are, you ain't getting in.

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** You stole all of my money and now you are calling me poor!?

> 

> **SCP-9575:** I know someone who could give you a loan if it suits you.

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** A loan? I assume with interest?

> 

> *SCP-9575 remains silent.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Just what I thought! You pesky rat!

> 

> *Dr. Engström proceeds to move away from the door, leaving SCP-9575 alone. The anomaly shortly after that moves inside the bathroom, closes the door and disappears.*

> 

> = **<<END LOG>>**

> = **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

> = **September 4, 2021 (day 128)**

> 

> *SCP-9575 appears inside the bathroom and moves towards the door. Dr. Engström is visible standing outside with 10 dollar banknote in one hand and a 50 cent coin in another. Dr. Engström hands both of them to SCP-9575 and pushes by him inside, closing the door shortly after entering.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** This is still the same day, but, of course, later. Obviously, I'm not broke... Yet. That was a small test. I don't really know why I did that. That was a stupid idea. I barely learned anything. I feel like this info might be useful though... First insurance and then loans... I just feel like this fucker is meaning to tell me something.

> 

> *Dr. Engström turns off the camera for about 23 minutes. After turning it back on, he exits the room. SCP-9575 enters immediately after and quickly disappears.*

> 

> = **<<END LOG>>**

> = **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

> = **December 16, 2021 (day 231)**

> 

> *SCP-9575 appears inside the bathroom and moves towards the door. It proceeds to open the door behind which Dr. Engström is standing.*

> 

> **SCP-9575:** You have diarrhea again? Unlucky.

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Unlucky for you! I have insurance, remember? I paid for one of the today's visits, so I go for free for the rest of the day!

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Hmmm... that would be true, butttt...

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** But what!? I paid you for this!

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Yeah, but how do I know that you are not trying to commit insurance fraud? You need to bring me a statement from the doctor, proof of our insurance contract, your social security number...

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** WHAT!? You didn't say about any of this when we signed this!

> 

> **SCP-9575:** I don't have any reason to tell you about the details.

> 

> *Dr. Engström clenches his fists in a helpless reaction. He then proceeds to take 10 dollars from his pocket and gives it to SCP-9575.*

> 

> **SCP-9575:** You forgot about your insurance payment.

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Go fuck yourself! You turned my own bathroom into a capitalist shithole!

> 

> *Dr. Engström pushes SCP-9575 out of his way and rushes inside. He quickly closes the door and turns off the camera for about 8 minutes.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** I got scammed. This is going for way too long! I hate him! I hate its methods! I hate how this is somehow acceptable by it! I gave it almost 90 dollars, so I wouldn't have to pay today and it still scammed me! Why does anyone allow this!?

> 

> *Dr. Engström moves towards the door and shortly after opening it, takes a swing against SCP-9575. Anomaly dodges it and trips the researcher who falls to the ground. SCP-9575 is visible laughing at Dr. Engström before entering the bathroom and closing the door behind itself. A single punch directed towards the door is heard as the anomaly moves closer to the camera.*

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Finally. A success.

> 

> *SCP-9575 moves away from camera and disappears.*

> 

> = **<<END LOG>>**

> = **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

> = **December 17, 2021 (day 232)**

> 

> *SCP-9575 appears inside the bathroom and, as always, proceeds to move towards the door. Behind the door, there is no one standing.*

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Hmmm...

> 

> *Dr. Engström suddenly lunges at SCP-9575 with a knife in his hand. Researcher stabs the entity multiple times while pushing it inside the bathroom. After the anomaly drops to the floor, the researcher proceeds to deal the final blow by cutting SCP-9575's carotid artery.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** I did it... I killed it...

> 

> *The camera freezes momentarly as Dr. Engström moves his phone closer to the camera to take the footage. Dr. Engström is visible watching the recording.*

> 

> **SCP-9575's voice from the footage:** -success.

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** What? What do you mean by a success?! You are dead! You can't win while dead!

> 

> *SCP-9575 slightly turns its head towards the researcher. Its head already losing color.*  

> 

> **SCP-9575:** Well... 

> 

> *Dr. Engström rapidly turns his head towards the dying anomaly.*

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** What?

> 

> **SCP-9575:** I made you hate what I hate. I succeded. I won. You also won, but you may not know it yet.

> 

> *SCP-9575 slightly chuckles before losing conciousness due to excessive blood loss. Dr. Engström proceeds to look in silence at the lifeless body of the entity for the next minute before turning the camera off.*

> 

> = **<<END LOG>>**

> = **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

> = **December 18, 2021**

> **An interview following Dr. Engström sending his findings and recordings to the Foundation.**

> 

> 

> **Interviewer:** Greetings, Dr. Engström. 

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Hello.

> 

> **Interviewer:** So, why did you choose to suddenly report this to us? I mean, you didn't do that for over 200 days, so why the change in mind?

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** It was the right thing to do.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Hmm... I can say that the recording that you gave us was really useful, but I hope that you understand that we will now have to amnesticize you, right?

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Just like the last time when you forgot to do that? 

> 

> **Interviewer:** Very funny. Do you have anything else that you want to tell us before we let you go home?

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Actually... Yes. After the last thing I thought about everything that happened during this year.

> 

> **Interviewer:** And?

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** Well... Could I potentially be rehired?

> 

> **Interviewer:** You want to return to us? I thought that we were stupid.

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** You know how it is. That last experience kinda changed my mind about some stuff.

> 

> **Interviewer:** I hope that you know that I, myself, can't do anything about that. However, what I can do is I will repeat your request to someone who deals with stuff like that.

> 

> **Dr. Engström:** That would be great.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Then we are all set. For now this interview has ended, though, so go to your old quarters. I'm pretty sure that we will get a response by the morning.

> 

> = **<<END LOG>>**

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

#### NOTICE FROM I/O-CAPITAL TO MTF OMEGA-12

A new mention of a balding, overweight human male appearing inside a bathroom has been found. Your new objective is to verify the claim and report the results of your investigation back to the Humanoid Containment Site-06-3.

<< [SCP-9574](SCP-9574) | SCP-9575 | [SCP-9576](SCP-9576) >>
