Item #: 9820

Object Class: Safe

Special containment procedures:

SCP-9820 is to be stored on an offline, isolated computer on site [##]. No further physical containment measures are necessary as it does not show any self-replicating or autonomous capabilities and its only anomalous property is having a negative storage footprint. Unauthorized duplication and connection to the internet of SCP-9820 is strictly prohibited. All copies created during testing must be deleted under controlled conditions.

Discovery:

SCP-9820 was discovered on 2018/04/22 after a folder titled “Minecraft” was noticed on one of the computers of site [##]. The folder was initially classified as an unauthorized installation of “Minecraft: Java Edition” and scheduled for removal. On the following day, after a routine inspection, it was found that the folder reported a size of -2 gigabytes.

Description: 

SCP-9820 is a copy of Minecraft: Java Edition 1.12.2 whose only anomalous property is having a storage footprint of -2 gigabytes.

Each successful copy of SCP-9820 results in an increase of storage space on the host machine. When deleted, the host machine will report having less disk space. 

No deletion or modification of data occurs on the drive, despite the increase in storage space.

Any attempt made to measure SCP-9820 with operating system tools or archival software failed, consistently resulting in an integer underflow error. The only archival tool that was able to accurately measure SCP-9820 was 7-Zip.

Aside from the anomalous size, it is otherwise indistinguishable from a perfectly normal copy of Minecraft: Java Edition 1.12.2. The application launches and runs at baseline performance. The installation includes an already authenticated Mojang account logged in, and allows creation of LAN servers. Any attempt made to use the Mojang account on any machine not containing SCP-9820 failed, returning an “account does not exist” error.

> Experiment log:

>

> 2018/04/22, 05:22.04:** the folder was 

> discovered. The IT department initially 

> dismissed it, and SCP-9820 was classified 

> as a simple corrupt version and was 

> archived almost immediately.

>

> 2018/04/23, 10:03.07:** the file was 

> attempted to be measured with multiple 

> archive tools. None worked except for 7-zip.

>

> 2018/04/23,11:29.22:** SCP-9820 was copied > and storage space was extended without 

> deletion of files.

>

> 2018/04/23,11:33.53:** the file was copied to > an empty USB drive and resulted in 

> negative storage space.

>

> 2018/04/23,11:56.29:** the file was duplicated > 56 times and resulted with -31.4 gigabytes 

> of storage on the C: drive.

>

> 2018/04/23,16:24.58:** the folder was 

> attempted to be uploaded to the 

> Foundation's servers and resulted in a 

> 32-bit -2,147,483,647 underflow error. 

>

> * **2018/04/23, 17:24.44:** the assigned 

> researchers attempted to find credentials for > the account.

> After successfully extracting the credentials > from the game’s configuration files, an 

> attempt to log in with the same credentials 

> on any other computer that didn't contain 

> SCP-9820, failed as the login page returned > an account doesn't exist error, implying that > the account could only work with SCP-9820.

>

> 2018/04/23, 18:31.52: Attempting to copy 

> the save files resulted in the discovery that > they always had a size of -22 megabytes no > matter the size of the world. 

>

>

> 2018/04/23, 19:31.41: Loading 65,536 

> chunks resulted in the same file size of -22 

> megabytes of a freshly generated world. 

> Playing on a world works perfectly, but does 

> not increase or decrease the size of the 

> save 

> file at all. Saving works as intended.

>

> 2018/04/23, 20:01.10: using commands 

> to 

> remove trillions of blocks did not change the > file size in any measurable way.

>

> 2018/04/23, 21:32.21: attempting to use

> mod loaders resulted in the discovery that

> they work, and when mods are added to the > game, they decrease the file size even

> more. When installing large modifications, 

> such as “HBM’s nuclear tech mod” ; it

> resulted in the filesize decreasing further.

>

> 2018/04/23, 22:11.05: attempting an

> automated injection of modifications, resulted

> in the discovery that each added modification

> reduced the reported file size exponentially

> more than the last.

>

> 2018/04/23, 22:53.50: After repeated

> modifications the reported file size reached

> the minimum value a signed 64-bit integer

> can have, suffered an integer underflow and 

> wrapped back to SCP-9820’s original

> reported size keeping all prior modifications.

>

> Researcher notes:

> “despite the increase in storage space, the > anomaly does not appear to delete or 

> modify > already existing data on the drive”

> 

> [end log]

> Addendum 9820.1:

>

> Following repeated analysis of SCP-9820 > researchers proposed several theories.

>

> Theory #1: SCP-9820 is the result of an 

> unknown data compression method.

>

> Result #1: after bit level analysis no known > compression or data reduction method 

> could be found. Theory unlikely.

>

> Theory #2: SCP-9820 is the result of high 

> data corruption.

>

> Result #2: Theory unlikely. Multiple file 

> checks reported no corruption, and the 

> game works perfectly.

>

> Theory #3: SCP-9820 is stored elsewhere.

>

> Result #3: Theory unlikely. SCP-9820 

> functions within an isolated environment 

> with network hardware physically removed.

> 

> <End of addendum 9820.1>

Notes:

Current research is focused on explaining where the data comprising SCP-9820 exists, as no known storage media should be capable of representing a negative storage allocation.
