Hey, mom.

It's uh, it's me. Sorry I haven't called for all these years, but I only recently got clearance to come out to 9727. You'd think with this being an Archon type thing it would be easier, but-- augh, I wasn't supposed to use that word. Sorry I still can't tell you who I work for, even now. They made me read a whole list of forbidden topics when I applied to fly out here, and, well, yeah. There's a big hullabaloo about people who have been designated interacting with other designated things. And I guess it makes sense. My employer is thorough. There's so much I want to say, but, maybe another day, I guess. There's always another day.

You always thought I was working for the government or something and that may as well have been true. But if it weren't for this line of work, I wouldn't have found the love of my life. I wouldn't have started my own little family. Her name is Ilse, and she's the smartest person in the world. We have an adopted son, James, who is perfect. He's the perfect little boy. Everything he does is so flawless and kind and I just see the joy in his eyes when he plays with his toys and Milo, our dog.

Is that what you saw in me when I was little? Is this what all parents feel? Even though he isn't my flesh and blood, I still love him with all my heart, and my chest tightens at the thought of no longer being able to see him. But that's a long ways off. Anyway, you saw that childlike wonder in me, yeah? It's helped me for all these years, in my research, in my work. I think you kind of have to keep an open heart to be in my line of work, dealing with the unknown, dealing with the new.

I'm uh, I'm sorry I never came to visit much after moving away for work. I didn't think you'd support me having a partner like Ilse, especially considering how you were about me before. There's a lot I don't think you would support about me. There's, well, maybe not a lot a lot, but still a lot. It's okay, though. It's okay. It's all in the past now.

Except I find myself here. Knowing you're there. Knowing you can hear me. It's all so frustrating, urgh. Well, I guess, you have no choice but to live with it now. Or not, I guess, ha. I know this solves nothing of the forty-some-odd year struggle between us, but I wanted you to hear it. Straight from my own mouth. Not inferences. Not cues picked up from phone calls or text messages. Or the lack thereof. I'm living my life how I want to live it, and there's nothing you can do to stop me anymore.

Bye, mom.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-9726](SCP-9726) | SCP-9727 | [SCP-9728](SCP-9728) >>

> **Filename:** phone.png

> **Name:** Ōtsuchi wind phone 5

> **Author:** Matthew Komatsu

> **License:** CC BY SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:%C5%8Ctsuchi_wind_phone_5.jpg)
