=====

=====

##757575|by 22o9L##

**Item #:** SCP-9077

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** 22.9-L.aic is to monitor amateur and professional mahjong competitions in order to determine candidates to SCP-9077's manifestation. Once a game shows signs of anomalous manifestation, all transmissions of the match are to be taken down and a Response Team is to be deployed to the location in order to contain the affair.

All audience members must be removed from attendance and amnestized in order to remove any memories of SCP-9077’s manifestation. These individuals are to have any recordings or photos of the incident confiscated and archived. New memories of a non-anomalous mahjong game are to be implanted onto the audience.

SCP-9077 is to be allowed to conclude within 2 hours, for the purposes of recording data about the phenomenon. If the game is not finished by this time, Foundation personnel are to intervene and force SCP-9077 to finish by removal of players from the mahjong table.

**Description:** SCP-9077 is an anomalous rule variation for riichi mahjong, Japanese mahjong rules.  that manifests after a series of criteria are fulfilled. Once the phenomena becomes active, the mahjong tile set in use will be spontaneously modified to accommodate the new rulings. All players become immediately aware of all rule changes, without the need of further clarification.

In order for SCP-9077 to become active, a hanchan length game  Standard length of a mahjong match. The game goes from east-1 round to south-4.  needs to go onto south-4 round, with no player below 15000 points. At least two yakuman hands  Highest scoring hand type.  must score without immediately winning the game. In addition to that, SCP-9077 was never observed to occur during casual play, only in mahjong related public events or  tournaments. The anomaly only occurs in in-person games.

SCP-9077 adds a number of local yaku Yaku are requirements a hand must fulfill to be able to score. Local yaku are non-standard house rules yaku.  varying from 1 han Han determines the point value a hand scores. to yakuman level. It's unknown how many local yaku are added by the anomaly, with a current known list of 15 new valid yaku. These additions do not override the standard yaku choices in any way, with it being possible for standard yaku and SCP-9077's being able to score together.

SCP-9077 will extend the game beyond south-4, with the round ceiling being unknown, if it even exists. The living wall from where the tiles are drawn will now contain an infinite number of tiles from every suit and number. Visually the living wall will remain the same, and is able to be dismantled in order to shuffle tiles for the next round, appearing to contain only the standard amount of tiles from each suit when shuffling. If the game is being played in an automatic mahjong table, the same properties manifest.

A game of SCP-9077 will only end after a player drops below 0 points. Players will be unable to stop themselves from playing until this condition is fulfilled. The anomaly suppresses all need for sustenance and other biological necessities during the duration of the game. Theoretically, a game of SCP-9077 can extend itself for an infinite amount of time, with the only reason for this not being possible is that the players would die by old age.

<details>
<summary>▶ Non-Comprehensive List of Yaku Added by SCP-9077</summary>

| Name | Requirement | Effect |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Big Thirteen Orphans | Make a standard 13 orphans hand.  Hand made of 13 lone honor or terminal tiles.  | A total of 13 father and mother figures watching the game explode. |
| Minor Three Dragons | A single copy of red, white and green dragon tiles. | Once the player declares riichi  Riichi can be declared when the player’s hand is closed (did not call on any tiles during the game) by paying 1000 points. Riichi is the most common type of yaku.  all other copies of red, white and green dragon tiles in other players hands will transmute into snakes Species seem to be random. and attempt to bite their respective players. Killing the snake reverts the transformation. |
| All 14 Flush | All tiles on hand must be the same suit, rank or be the same honor tile.  Honor tiles are pieces that can't form sequences, only pairs or triplets.  | The player who dealt onto the winning hand is struck by lightning. If the win was a tsumo,  Drawing your winning tile. nothing happens. |
| Jizo | Not having lost or gained any points during the game. | Upon winning, a jizo statue Stone statue used to represent bodhisattvas.  will manifest above the player with the lowest score and fall at 3 meters per hour onto said player. |
| Triple Riichi | Declaring riichi before hands are open. | If the player wins, the player who dealt onto the hand dies for 3 minutes and later is spontaneously resurrected. The game is on break during this interval. The resurrected player, if asked about their experience, will recount about fighting with demons in hell and escaping to continue the game. If the player fails their prediction, the tiles violently move towards their face at 5 meters per hour. |
| Under the Earth | Hand with 8 or more dora tiles.  Special tiles that grant 1 han, determined at the start of the game by tiles called “dora indicators”.  | If a player drops to 0 point or below after this hand wins the round, said player will immediately age 60 years. |
| Blessing | Unknown No player of SCP-9077 has disclosed information about this yaku’s requirement. It has never been observed by Foundation staff.  | This hand immediately ends the game, as the winning player disappears. No player that scored this hand has been located at this moment. |
</details>

<details>
<summary>▶ Incident Log</summary>

In ██/██/2017 after the containment procedures for the anomaly were established, Foundation intelligence personnel found SCP-9077 in a game on ██████ ███ Mahjong Parlor. This was the final game of the 1997 ██████ ███ local mahjong championship, between the 4 finalists. After the discovery of this event, a response team was deployed in order to contain the game and start disinformation procedures.

The game had become a local attraction through its duration, with a casual audience coming to watch the game regularly, with the ██████ ███ Mahjong Parlor providing eventual recaps of the rounds. As there is no known mental effect of SCP-9077 forcing the audience to watch the game, it is currently believed that the regular audience watched the game of their own will throughout its duration.

When the Foundation's assets arrived, the game had already ended with one player, 86-year-old Robert Sakurai, having won by SCP-9077’s local yaku "blessing". All remaining players then stood around the mahjong table and paid their respects alongside the audience. The local mahjong community organized a shrine for Sakurai when the Foundation’s forces arrived. The mahjong table used was left untouched after the SCP-9077 game finished.

Sakurai’s winning hand was left facing down on the table, with the other hands face up. Foundation personnel were unable to move themselves to turn the hand face up. No method of revealing Sakurai’s winning hand was successful, as a result of a mental and probabilistic effect. The game table was moved for containment in a Foundation reliquary.

Disinformation campaigns are currently ongoing.

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶ Interview Log</summary>

The following are excerpts from an interview with Elizabeth Muller, a player on the previous Incident Log related to SCP-9077. Elizabeth started the game as a 19 year-old, being considered a mahjong prodigy amongst the local comunity.

I didn't know Robert before the game. Personally, I mean. All I knew is that he was a scary guy. Had monstrous luck and excellent skills, the flow of the game was always with him.

No, he lost from time to time. Mahjong is a scary thing. One bad decision and all your good flow vanishes.

We did not play with one another before that game. Robert never saw one of my games. We knew each other as somewhat good mahjong players. But we never knew how close our skills actually were.

When we started playing, Robert Sakurai's face became more and more shocked. We were evenly matched. The other players, José Luis and Joshua were not bad either. But Robert was the most dangerous at the table. He hit the two yakuman. Amazing flow.

Yes, I know the game took a lot to finish.

No, I do not care about standing 20 years at a mahjong table when that meant playing more. Drawing more tiles. More wins. More struggles. More time with those people. Don't think anyone in the audience cared too.

Let me say something to you. Do you know what I have in my life? Nothing much. I worked a 9-to-5. No living relatives. As far as I know Robert's wife died a while ago and his grandsons don't care to call him on the phone. Do you know what José Luis and Joshua have? I don't know. But it does not seem to be much.

No idea what happened to Robert. He won, and I think that is about it. Mahjong, I think, is the only game that allows a human to prove themself. You need luck, skill, and knowledge. And at the end of the game, you might find some sort of enlightenment.

Yes, I wish to play more mahjong. I want to play all the mahjong games I can. After such a match, who wouldn't want to keep going?

Mahjong is a scary thing.

</details>

<< [SCP-9076](SCP-9076) | SCP-9077 | [SCP-9078](SCP-9078) >>
