**Item #:** SCP-9402

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Civilian access to SCP-9402 has been restricted under the cover of a nature preserve. Civilians attempting to enter are to be questioned and amnesticized as appropriate. If this is not possible, reports of SCP-9402-1 are to be explained as hallucinations.

Under the Treaty of Dartmoor, SCP-9402-1 have agreed not to leave SCP-9402 in exchange for its defence by the Foundation. The full text of the Treaty is available upon request. Any instances exiting SCP-9402 in breach of this agreement are to be detained and questioned, then returned to SCP-9402.

**Description:** SCP-9402 is an area of forest in Devon, England, affected by a simple but persistent illusion spell. When viewed from the outside, this causes it to appear as an ordinary forest. When viewed from inside, the presence of a variety of artificial structures made by SCP-9402-1 is apparent.

SCP-9402-1 are a species of humanoid, native to SCP-9402. Adults average approximately 8 centimeters in height. SCP-9402-1 display human level intelligence and innate low-level thaumaturgical abilities. SCP-9402-1 have formed a sizeable town within SCP-9402, referred to by its inhabitants as Amanita. The total population is estimated to be around 1,300 individuals. Buildings within Amanita are primarily made of wood and stone, though some are built of or into living plants or fungi.

Social status in Amanita is primarily determined by performance in contests known as "Rodent Runs". Placement is determined by speed. SCP-9402-1 breed fancy rats (*Rattus norvegicus domestica*) for this purpose, similar to typical members of the subspecies but bred for greater  speed and endurance. These competitions are of extreme social and cultural importance, and individuals who perform poorly are often ostracized.

**Exploration logs:**

<details>
<summary>+ 10/5/2026</summary>

**Date:** 20/8/2026

**Personnel:** Agent ActedDue to the low risk posed by SCP-9402, a single agent was deemed sufficient.

---

*[Agent Acted enters SCP-9402. A dirt path is visible, connecting a small cottage to the busier areas visible in the distance.]*

**Acted:** Looks like not many people live here. Huh, what's that?

*[Acted has spotted movement under a partially uprooted tree. Looking under it, he finds a small snake, which hisses at him.]*

**Acted:** Didn't mean to scare you, little guy, I'll be going- FUCK!

*[Acted turns around, revealing his ankle has been bitten by an adder.]*

**Acted:** I swear if *this* is what kills me...

 

*[The snake prepares to bite again, but glows and collapses before it can do so.]*

**Unknown:** Are you alright?!

**Acted:** My leg feels funny...

**Unknown:** Stay right there! I have some antivenom!

*[After a short wait, an SCP-9402-1 instance comes into view and begins to administer the antivenom.]*

**Unknown:** Sorry for the scare, Addison there gets defensive when there's babies involved.

*[Acted glances at the unmoving snake.]*

**Unknown:** Hmm? Oh, she's fine, just a little sleeping spell. Would you like some tea?

**Acted:** It's alright, you don't have to-

**Unknown:** Are you allergic?

**Acted:** No?

**Unknown:** Then I insist! Just wait there!

**Acted:** Well, thank you, Miss...?

**Unknown:** Oh, where are my manners? Hypha. Florence Hypha.

*[Florence leaves and returns with two miniature teacups. She passes one to Acted, who finishes it in one sip.]*

**Florence:** Sorry, that was the biggest cup I have!

**Acted:** No need to apologize! It's still delicious!

*[Acted notices the designs on the cups. Florence's has a picture of a younger Florence and two other instances, one adult and one juvenile. Acted's has a picture of a rat and an instance hugging.]*

**Acted:** Is that your family?

**Florence:** Why yes! Poor Wallace is no longer with us, but little Tiffany's all grown up! She's a Rodent Run rising star, even qualified for this year's Fortune Five!

**Acted:** I assume that's a big deal?

**Florence:** Oh, only where the five highest earning rats face off to determine the year's champion!

**Acted:** Congratulations! Is this her rat on the mug?

*[Florence's smile softens.]*

**Florence:** He was. Rat Rum. She raised him from a pup, was always so kind to him, and he rewarded her for it. But one day, he never woke up. She hasn't been the same since, thinks one of the other competitors poisoned him. Mind you, I don't think it's impossible that that's what happened, but there's no proof. It just seems to rile her up more. She's determined to win, so he can't.

**Acted:** Oh.

**Florence:** But no point dwelling on the past! The Fortune Five is actually on next week, if you want to come watch.

**Acted:** Sure.

---

**Afterword:** Acted proposed observing the Fortune Five race, a suggestion that was accepted.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ 20/5/2026</summary>

**Date:** 20/8/2026

**Personnel:** Agent Acted

---

*[Agent Acted enters SCP-9402. He emerges near a cobbled footpath. A large stadium is visible in the distance. A tree is visible next to the road, with several apertures carved into it. Shelf fungus forms a spiral staircase around the trunk. An SCP-9402-1 instance exits one of the openings.]*

**Unknown:** Why hello! I don't think I've seen you around here!

**Acted:** You probably haven't.

**Unknown:** So what brings you here, Mr...?

**Acted:** Reed.

**Unknown:** And I'm Horace Rafflesia! Pleasure to make your acquaintace! So, what brings you here, Mr. Reed?

**Acted:** I-

**Rafflesia:** Well, you came to the right place! Rafflesia Miscellany sells all sorts of helpful products!

*[Rafflesia produces a hand-drawn map and a sack made from leaves. Both are far too small for practical use by a human.]*

**Acted:** I'm good. I don't have any of your money anyway.

**Rafflesia:** Say, are you with the Foundation?

**Acted:** ...yes?

**Rafflesia:** Wonderful! Consider this a free sample! Put in a good word for me with your bosses, won't you?

**Acted:** ...sure.

*[Rafflesia hands Acted an item and leaves. It is a packet of cards, titled "Nezumusume".]*

**Acted:** ...sure, why not.

*[Acted opens the packet. Each card depicts an anthropomorphic rat.]*

**Acted:** Ratless, Rat o' War, Glirerock, Haru Urarat, Mr. Squeaks. Why does this rat have a gun?

*[Acted continues towards the stadium. Nothing of note happens until he reaches it. Florence is arguing with a security guard at the gate.]*

**Security:** Sorry lady, but those tickets are fake.

**Florence:** Work with me here! My daughter's racing today!

**Security:** I don't care if your daughter's the fucking queen of England! Nobody gets in without a valid ticket. Next!

*[Florence leaves the queue.]*

**Florence:** When I find Horace, he's going to wish his father got that vasectomy earlier...

*[She pauses and notices Acted.]*

**Florence:** Sorry, I wasn't able to get tickets...

**Acted:** Well, I doubt I'd be able to get in anyway.

**Florence:** Then why did you come?

**Acted:** I never said I wasn't going to watch.

**Florence:** Huh? Oh, I see! Very clever of you! Would you mind giving an old pixie a lift?

**Acted:** I suppose I wouldn't.

*[Acted places Florence on his shoulder. Both can easily see into the stadium. The course consists of a slalom, a balance beam and a maze. Competitors begin to enter the arena.]*

**Announcer:** Let's give a warm welcome to our competitors! First, we have Winston Gorse and Ratless!

**Florence:** Oh! There's my little girl!

**Announcer:** Tiffany Hypha and Ratoooooooo! Timothy Foxglove and Secretarirat!

*[Tiffany can be seen glaring at Foxglove.]*

**Florence:** Oh no.

**Acted:** What?

**Florence:** That's the competitor I was talking about. Thought he wouldn't qualify, but he got into the top five in the last race of the season.

**Announcer:** Robin Heartwood and Albratross! And last but by no means least, Margaret Liana and Squeaky Jones!

*[Each competitor takes their place, the rats on the opposite end of the course to the trainers.]*

**Announcer:** On your marks, get set... GO!

*[Each trainer gives a signal to their rat to start. The first obstacle is the slalom. Ratoooooooo is distracted by one of the poles and begins gnawing on it.]*

**Tiffany:** The hell are you doing?! You're losing time!

**Florence:** Strange. Rum never got distracted like that.

*[Ratoooooooo eventually leaves the pole and continues. He is significantly behind the competition.]*

**Tiffany:** Albratross! Heel!

*[Albratross freezes, quickly being overtaken by Ratoooooooo.]*

**Heartwood:** Albratross! Go! Ignore her!

*[Albratross resumes his previous course. Heartwood and Tiffany begin to argue. A referee intervenes.]*

**Referee:** There's no rule against calling to a competitor's rat.

*[Heartwood scowls and Tiffany jeers at her.]*

**Heartwood:** Yeah, yeah, laugh it up...

*[The rats begin to complete the slalom and move onto the balance beam.]*

**Gorse:** Ratless! Charge left!

*[Ratless tackles Ratoooooooo off the beam, forcing him to return to the start of the obstacle. Tiffany glares at Gorse but says nothing.]*

**Foxglove:** Secretarirat! Shove that pathetic excuse for a rodent down!

*[Secretarirat attempts to push Ratless off the beam, but the latter holds firm. Both rats start clawing at each other.]*

**Florence:** Oh my! I assure you, it usually isn't this violent...

*[Ratoooooooo approaches the brawling rats but doesn't move further.]*

**Tiffany:** Ratoooooooo, fight through them! We can't afford to lose more time here!

*[Ratoooooooo obliges, attempting to climb over the combatants. Secretarirat attempts to bite his tail to prevent him from moving forward, but Ratoooooooo counters with a scratch to the eye. Secretarirat squeals and blindly lashes out, drawing blood from Ratless. Ratoooooooo continues to the maze, but is visibly shaken.]*

**Florence:** Pardon my language, but what the fuck?!

**Acted:** I take it this isn't supposed to happen?

**Florence:** It's more common than most would like to admit, but Tiffany was always against this kind of thing! Why is she getting involved?!

*[Ratoooooooo and Squeaky Jones reach the maze's entrance. Squeaky Jones attempts to nuzzle Ratoooooooo but is interrupted by Liana commanding him to keep going.]*

**Heartwood:** Albratross! Now!

*[Albratross jumps over Secretarirat and Ratless. Secretarirat finally shoves Ratless off.]*

**Tiffany:** Get moving! They're right behind you!

*[Ratoooooooo shakes off the shock and runs to the other end. Squeaky Jones recovers and enters the maze.]*

**Tiffany:** Hurry up! We can't afford to fall behind now!

*[Ratoooooooo and Albratross begin working through the maze, as Ratless and Secretarirat reach the entrance. Ratless sniffs the air, then pauses and turns to stare at Acted.]*

**Gorse:** What are you doing?!

*[Acted glances at his pocket.]*

**Acted:** Oh no.

*[Ratless runs out of the arena and begins to scale the stadium's wall. Spectators scramble out of the way.]*

**Announcer:** Ratless has left the course! He is disqualified!

**Gorse:** No, no, no! I worked so hard to get here!

**Heartwood:** Didn't your dad give you Ratless?

**Gorse:** Shut up.

*[Acted cannot run without stepping on fleeing spectators. Ratless darts up Acted's leg and enters his pocket, briefly rummaging around before leaving with a pack of dog treats. He climbs onto Acted's unoccupied shoulder and begins to tear the pack open.]*

**Acted:** I am so sorry, everyone!

*[Gorse raises his middle finger towards Acted. Meanwhile, Secretarirat and Albratross have exited the maze and are onto the final stretch. Ratoooooooo and Squeaky Jones have begun to tire and fall behind. Acted returns Ratless to Gorse.]*

**Acted:** You should probably take him to a vet, that scratch looks-

**Announcer:** And this year's champion is Secretarirat! Second place goes to Albratross, third to Ratoooooooo and fourth to Squeaky Jones!

**Heartwood:** ...Fuck. I needed that money.

*[The crowd cheers as Foxglove walks to the podium to accept his trophy and cash prize. Tiffany intercepts him and they begin arguing. Gorse and Liana speak to a reporter, the former is clearly frustrated. Heartwood is nowhere in sight.]*

**Tiffany:** I bet you hired him, didn't you? First Rat Rum, now this?

**Foxglove:** I'm sorry for your loss, but I had nothing to do with your second-rate rat's retirement! I absolutely had nothing to do with this! Besides, isn't that your mother-

**Tiffany:** EXCUSE ME?!

*[Tiffany slaps Foxglove, who retaliates with a punch. The two begin fighting.]*

**Florence:** Put me down. I need to have a word with my daughter.

*[Acted obliges. Florence grabs Tiffany's coat and drags her away from Foxglove.]*

**Tiffany:** Who just grabbed me?! I'm gonna sue-

**Florence:** I did not raise my daughter like this!

*[Tiffany turns her head around.]*

**Tiffany:** Mum?!

**Foxglove:** I tried to warn you!

**Florence:** *[to Foxglove]* You stay out of this! *[to Tiffany]* Now, I might not like Mr. Foxglove, but you don't see *me* hitting him do you?

**Tiffany:** But I-

**Florence:** But nothing. Getting yourself an assault charge won't help anything. 

*[Florence drags Tiffany toward Ratoooooooo.]*

**Florence:** Up close, it's no wonder he got distracted! Poor thing's teeth are far too long!

*[Florence finds a large stick and gives it to Ratoooooooo, who eagerly accepts it.]*

**Florence:** Did you not let him wear them down before the race?

**Tiffany:** There wasn't time! We had to train!

**Florence:** Would you do this to Rum?

**Tiffany:** This. Isn't. Rum.

**Florence:** And that means he doesn't have needs?

**Tiffany:** I'm an adult, you can't tell me what to do!

**Florence:** I suppose I can't.

*[Florence leaves the stadium.]*

**Foxglove:** Well, it was *nice* chatting with you. Now I must go collect- where's Secretarirat? Did you steal him?!

**Tiffany:** I was with you the entire time!

**Foxglove:** Hmmph. I suppose you are innocent. At least of this.

**Heartwood:** Hey!

*[Heartwood, Albratross and Secretarirat are at the top of the bleachers, near the exit.]*

**Heartwood:** If you want him back, give me the money! Nothing personal, but I've got a family to feed!

**Foxglove:** Keep him!

*[Heartwood falters.]*

**Heartwood:** I- what?

**Foxglove:** He'll be old and slow by next season!

**Heartwood:** ...If that's what you think, I am keeping him for his own good. One more mouth to feed isn't such a big deal...

*[Amanita's police arrive on the scene. The head officer points at Acted.]*

**Officer:** There's the criminal scum! Stop in the name of the law!

*[Several officers beat Acted with miniature truncheons but fail to do any damage.]*

**Officer:** Uhh... you need to come to the station! No cameras!

**Acted:** Alright. Just be aware some very powerful people will notice if I don't come back.

**Officer:** Oh, uh, noted, sir!

---

**Afterword:** Acted was apprehended on charges of interference in the race, but was released after it was determined SCP-9402's courts did not have jurisdiction over Foundation personnel.

</details>

**Addendum:** On 23/8/25, a package addressed to Acted was delivered to Site-██. Once determined to be safe to open, it was given to Acted. The package contained a letter and several newspaper clippings.

Dear Mr. Reed,

I hate to be writing this, but I do not believe it is safe for you to return to Amanita.

I think the news can put everything into words better than I can.

Don't worry about us. The fighting hasn't reached the outskirts, and Tiffany is staying in my cottage until this blows over. It's strained, but we'll make it work. 

Yours,

Florence Hypha

...the question of who is responsible for the presence of the giant at the Fortune Five remains unanswered. Winston Gorse has accused Timothy Foxglove, who has accused Tiffany Hypha, who has made the bizarre claim that no racers were involved. Margaret Liana has threatened to sue all three for emotional distress, saying that the incident scared Squeaky Jones, who was unavailable for comment...

Protests continue throughout Amanita after mistreatment of Rodent Run rats was revealed at the Fortune Five. An anonymous source has told us police have a critical truncheon deficit and may be forced to resort to asking the protestors what they want...

...in addition, many protestors demanded an investigation in allegations of police brutality. Mayor Briar has said he will solve all problems if citizens vote for him in next week's election...

Mayor Briar resigned this morning, saying he most certainly was not forced at gunpoint to do so. Winston Gorse is expected to take office tomorrow...

Mayor Gorse has announced an end to the Rodent Runs, citing mistreatment of the rats involved. Gorse has said he has never accepted the violence common in these races...

Mayor Gorse has announced the Cavy Course contest, sponsored by Gorse Ranch. The inaugural race is to be held this Saturday...

<< [SCP-9401](SCP-9401) | SCP-9402 | [SCP-9403](SCP-9403) >>

> **Filename:** ratsratswearetherats.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** Own Work
