**Item Number:** Scp 9937

**Object Class**: Safe/Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures**: None are needed due to the effects gained upon leaving SCP 9937. However, due to Agent ██████, cameras are to be stationed everywhere outside the door, and Agent ██████ has had a metric kill agent implanted inside her skull, should she ever go rouge.

SCP 9937 is a singular office room with four walls that reach up far beyond the sight of the naked eye. Upon further investigation it is uncertain how high the wall goes, but it seems that there is no roof. The walls are lined with a peeling red wallpaper adorned with a diamond pattern. The walls beneath are basic drywall, but upon testing it appears to be indestructible

 *note- the wall appears to react uniquely to ███████ and other substances that would melt ██████ leading personnel to believe that the true form of the wall is an ███████ alloy somehow disguised as drywall. further investigation required. -05-█*  

In the room there is a desk with a singular laptop that resembles a silver Chromebook. no amount of force has been able to remove said Chromebook, and the desk appears unmovable too. upon entering the room any and all personnel will immediately know the password to the computer, which has been designated as SCP 9937-1.

The password for SCP 9937-1 is a series of 18 numbers that changes whenever a new person enters the room. As of right now, the password is ██████████. *note: we need to have a better training program for new researchers. I understand why we picked ███████ to write this but she has absolutely no idea how to write a proper file. honestly- with the importance of this file and the limited options we have for writing it, at least teach her how to write this damn thing more structured. -O5-█* 

When SCP 9937-1 is unlocked there is a single file in the center of the screen. Upon clicking said file, a video will play. The video contains footage of incredibly sensitive and classified info, including surveillance footage of the Administrators office. Upon immense searching of said office, no camera was found and it is currently unknown how this footage is being taken. When leaving the room you have a 50% chance (1 in 2) to forget everything you have seen, and you have a 50% chance (1 in 2) to immediately drop dead upon leaving. The only exception to this is Agent (formerly doctor) ████████. Coincidentally, Agent ███████ also has immensely curious interactions with other SCP's, and SCP status for agent ████████ is being considered.  *I am aware that it is generally frowned upon to leave this many notes on a single file, but for the love of God why is she writing so much about herself in the third person? Save this for your own file agent ████████. - O5-█* 

It seems that all the information in the file can change depending on how many people know it. The less amount of people that are aware of the information, the lower chance it has to show up in the file. But, there is an incredibly low chance that upon clicking the file you will gain knowledge of every SCP in existence. This includes terminated ones, and ones that have yet to be discovered. knowledge of this goes up to SCP-███████, which is over 100,000 anomalies away, and it is unknown if the foundation will even exist by the time we get there.

*Note: Because of the sensitive nature of the information Agent ██████ has gained, arguments for both granting them SCP status, and her termination have been sent to command. Both are being considered. -O5-█*
