---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9285-1 and SCP-9285-2 are required to be contained separate from each other at all times outside of testing. SCP-9285-1 may be freely accessed by all Foundation Personnel ranking Level-0 and higher. A minimum Level-5 clearance level is required to access SCP-9285-2. Under no circumstances, unless a test is being conducted, may SCP-9285-1 and SCP-9285-2 ever be used simultaneously. SCP-9285-1 is to be kept in a standard light containment chamber. SCP-9285-2 is to be kept within a secure lockbox within a safe buried in a deep bunker located 10 miles outside of Containment Site DELTA.

**Description:** SCP-9285 is a pair of objects, designated SCP-9285-1 and SCP-9285-2 respectively. SCP-9285-1 is an old Steinway & Sons grand piano, presumed to have been built in the mid 1930s. Despite how old the piano is, no visible wear is found on the piano, internally or externally. SCP-9285-1, when played, will sound perfect to those listening, and has never needed retuned. People who have heard SCP-9285-1 played have described it as "the most beautiful, soulful piano you'll ever hear." SCP-9285-2 is a generic sheet music manuscript. Within the sheets of SCP-9285-2 are different piano melodies, varying in difficulty. These melodies contain different objects, entities, and people that have been annexed into the manuscript. Many pages are missing and torn out of the manuscript.

Thorough testing has determined that pairing SCP-9285-2 with SCP-9285-1 allows the anomalous properties of SCP-9285-2 to react. Upon writing a title within SCP-9285-2, it will fill in itself a new melody to be played. Once that melody is played while SCP-9285-2 is set on SCP-9285-1, the item written as the title will disappear from the world and be contained within the page SCP-9285-2. Upon playing the melody a second time, the item will be released next to SCP-9285-1. It should be noted that if a page containing an item is destroyed, said item cannot be recovered. See Addendum 3, Limitations Test 107.

---

**Addendum 1: Discovery**

SCP-9285 was discovered when Containment Site DELTA requested Mobile Task Force Unit Mu-13 ("Ghostbusters") be sent to investigate an abandoned music hall in East Rutherford, New Jersey after word spread about a "haunted piano" within the building. When operatives of Mu-13 arrived at the location and went to investigate, they found SCP-9285-1 and SCP-9285-2 together on the stage, bathing in a spotlight. Mu-13 secured the objects and subsequently sent them to Containment Site DELTA. 

---

**Addendum 2: Initial Testing**

Upon arrival within Site DELTA, their scientists quickly began their research on SCP-9285. Many researchers were confused by SCP-9285-2, not understanding the meaning of the music within. Chief Researcher Andrew Wilkins was the first one to understand the meaning of SCP-9285-2. An interview between Investigative Agent █████ Chief Researcher Wilkins has been attached below.

**<Begin Log>**

**Agent █████:** Will you please state your name and rank?

*<The crumpling of a plastic water bottle can be heard before Wilkins frantically answers>*

**Chief Researcher Wilkins:** Shit, uh, Andrew Wilkins, Site DELTA Chief Researcher.

*<Agent █████ speaks towards the camera, his face partially blacked out>*

**Agent █████:** Today is January 2nd, 2018. The time is 22:08. Researcher Wilkins, could you please explain your findings with SCP-9285?

**Chief Researcher Wilkins:** Oh, that piano with the manuscript? That thing was fascinating, truly. It initially just look like a normal piano and sheet music manuscript, but it wouldn't have ended up here if it was normal, of course. A bunch of other researchers tried to understand what the manuscript meant, but none could crack it.

**Agent █████:** And what did you discover with it?

**Chief Researcher Wilkins:** Well it was really simple. Did you know I grew up playing the piano? People called me a prodigy, but I had other priorities. None of the other researchers knew how to read sheet music, but when I took a look at it I was astonished by how basic the melodies were.

**Agent █████:** So what did you do?

**Chief Researcher Wilkins:** Well, I took the manuscript, propped it up on the piano, and started playing. My first thought was, "wow, these titles are odd."

**Agent █████:** What was the title of the melody you played?

**Chief Researcher Wilkins:** It was called "Glass Jar," really odd I thought. But when I played the melody and to my surprise, a glass jar appeared on the floor next to the piano, I called in the other researchers. When I looked back at the manuscript, the melody was gone from the pages, but there was a glass jar right there in front of us.

**Agent █████:** So if I'm understanding this properly, SCP-9285-2 contains different objects that, upon playing the melody attached to them on SCP-9285-1, will make them appear there, as if they've been "kidnapped" into the pages of SCP-9285-2.

**Chief Researcher Wilkins:** Precisely. The manuscript itself had a title on the front, it's called ##red|"The Annex Manuscript"## which, while being really cool, didn't give any hints towards it's origin.

**Agent █████:** I see.. Well, I suppose that can conclude this interview. If you have any new, major findings, please share with us. I appreciate your time for this interview.

**<End Log>**

---

**Addendum 3: Subsequent Findings**

After initial research, Chief Researcher Wilkins continued to flip through ##red|"The Annex Manuscript."## Wilkins decided to mess around with the limitations of SCP-9285-2. Wilkins documented his findings below.

= **SCP-9285-2 Limitations Test 001**

**Object of Interest:** Glock-17

**Findings:** Upon writing "Glock-17" as the title, SCP-9285-2 filled out a simple melody. When I played the melody, a fully loaded Glock-17 appeared next to the piano. The weapon was returned to the armory shortly following the test.

---

= **Unnecessary Test Logs Removed From File**

---

= **SCP-9285-2 Limitations Test 083**

**Object of Interest:** SCP-999

**Findings:** SCP-999 was brought into the containment chamber. I wrote "SCP-999" as the title of the melody and SCP-9285-2 filled out a fairly complex melody. Upon playing the melody, SCP-999 faded away, and appeared on the sheet next to the title. Playing the melody again, SCP-999 reappeared next to SCP-9285-1. Simply a fascinating discovery.

---

= **Unnecessary Test Logs Removed From File**

---

= **SCP-9285-2 Limitations Test 107**

**Object of Interest:** Syringe

**Findings:** I sat a syringe on top of SCP-9285-1, and wrote "Syringe" as the title of the melody in SCP-9285-2. A very simple melody was produced. I played the melody, and the syringe on top of SCP-9285-1 disappeared, and was within the sheets of SCP-9285-2. I decided to rip this page out and burn it with a lighter. I discovered that the page fully burned, but the syringe did not reappear. Does this mean that anything can be permanently destroyed from existence?

---

An email from Chief Researcher Wilkins to Agent █████ is attached.

<details>
<summary>+Read it?</summary>

**From:** Andrew Wilkins

**To:** [INFORMATION WITHELD]

**Subject:** SCP-9285 Discoveries & Test Request

Dear Agent █████,

I have made a grand discovery involving SCP-9285. If there is anything on a page from SCP-9285-2, and that page is destroyed, the object on the page is lost forever.

This is a HUGE discovery. This means anything we desire can be removed from existence.

With this, I would like to propose a test request. Would you be willing to hear me out on this one?

- Chief Researcher Andrew Wilkins

</details>

<< [SCP-9284](SCP-9284) | SCP-9285 | [SCP-9286](SCP-9286) >>
