⚠️ **Content warning:** This article includes people from Russian History dating from 1549-1979. Resemblance of any fictional character to any real-life persons are purely coincidental. This article also contains the following:

- Reference to suicide

- A detailed autopsy

- Death threats

This article is a work of fiction, but it does reference real tragedies, massacres and murders committed by real people.

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

#### BY ORDER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HISTORY

**This file contains historically sensitive material. Unauthorized access is strictly prohibited. Access to this file is restricted to D.O.H personnel.**

-- Genrikh Toptunov, Director, D.O.H "ROSSIYA"

##### **WELCOME TO D.O.H "ROSSIYA"**

INPUT LEVEL 4/9891 D.O.H "ROSSIYA" SECURITY CREDENTIALS

USER: G.TOPTUNOV

PASSWORD: * * * * * * *

ACCESS STATUS: APPROVED. 

WELCOME BACK, GENRIKH TOPTUNOV.

---

**To:** ##red|A.Novikov@git.scp.int## ##grey|03/07/1992 03:31AM##

**From:** G.Toptunov@git.scp.int

**Subject:** Change

---

Hello Andrey,

I would like to sincerely apologise for the change in policy relating to SCP-9891. The recent discovery of historical documentation has made this change necessary. Therefore, your primary directive is to learn about the entity, and your secondary directive is to ensure that the subject does not wake up. Use all the resources, limited as they are, at your disposal.

You will receive the historical documentation and revised containment procedures immediately.

Regards,

Genrikh Toptunov

---

**To:** ##red|G.Toptunov@git.scp.int## ##grey|03/07/1992 07:02AM##

**From:** A.Novikov@git.scp.int

**Subject:** Re: Change

---

Director Toptunov,

I acknowledge the budgetary limitations, and I will do as I must to satisfy your directive. In light of your concerns regarding SCP-9891, I believe that a formal psychological analysis of the subject is critical to help understand it. Therefore, I request that a psychologist be assigned to analyse the documents. I would recommend Mikhail Polyansky, as his studies have been promising.

Andrey Novikov

---

**Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-9891 is currently dormant.

Interaction with SCP-9891 is prohibited. Access to documentation by personnel outside of the Department of History is not permitted under any circumstances.

Due to the unknown duration of SCP-9891's dormancy, it is not possible to determine when suppressive measures are to take place. Consequently, active preventive measures are considered to be high-risk.

SCP-9891 is to remain in its standard containment cell. Staff are to observe the entity between 1500 and 1510 local time. Personnel must perform daily visual observations from behind polycarbonate glass using a manual lighting system and audio monitoring using a manually activated internal microphone to detect sounds originating from the subject. Manual activation is required to prevent accidental stimulation. The containment cell is to remain sterile, with no sensory or environmental stimuli provided other than the approved observation equipment. SCP-9891 must not be continuously observed, including via containment cell CCTV, outside of the daily observation protocol. 

If SCP-9891 shows any sign of consciousness, such as voluntary movement or vocalisations, the Site Director is to be notified immediately. The Site Sub-Director is to then initiate a site lockdown and site personnel are to deploy paralytic neurotoxins in an attempt to return the entity to its dormant state. 

---

**Description:**

SCP-9891 is a humanoid entity with confirmed historical records dating prior to 1549, with documents showing that it lived among communities east of the Russian Tsardom. SCP-9891 is approximately 2.4 metres in height and possesses a thin physique. SCP-9891's respiration ranges from 5-9 breaths per minute. Initial examination upon recovery revealed that its sclerae exhibited signs consistent with conjunctival injection. The exterior of SCP-9891 is black and displays a texture consistent with silicone elastomer.

SCP-9891 is classified as an adversarial entity due to its involvement in two regicides and one suspected regicide between 1881 and 1918. Initial behavioural analysis indicates an ideological fixation, accompanied by ritualistic tendencies, directed toward the Russian monarchy. Documentation regarding these incidents indicates a pattern of surreptitious activity, with the entity remaining unidentified until the discovery of personal documents written by the entity. In addition, SCP-9891 is resilient to blunt-force weaponry, firearms, and military-grade explosives, but its resilience to chemical agents is unknown.

SCP-9891 has been dormant since July 17th, 1918. Subsequent analysis of the post-1918 dormancy indicates a second documented instance of the entity voluntarily entering dormancy, with the first occurring after a 1549 treaty between the entity and Ivan IV of Russia. 

During its second period of activity, it assumed the identities of politically significant individuals during times of political instability. This was enabled by synthetic body suits which exhibit a texture consistent with an elastic polymeric substance. The primary purpose of these body suits was to allow SCP-9891 to assimilate into 19th- to early 20th-century society. The method by which it created these body suits is unknown.

| Suit designation | Apparent identity | Active period |
| --- | --- | --- |
| SCP-9891-1 | Unknown male | 1861 |
| SCP-9891-2 | Ignacy Hryniewiecki | 1881 |
| SCP-9891-3 | Grigori Rasputin | 1914-1916 |
| SCP-9891-4 | Stepan Vaganov | 1918 |
---

### **Discovery**

The following transcripts show a recovered GRU-P informant message prior to the extraction attempt and an audio log detailing the extraction of SCP-9891.

---

### **Discovery-A**

From: MOSCOW

To: [REDACTED]

19/06/1979

On 13th June of this year, the GRU-P announced that a project would begin to take steps to reclaim historical objects, with the intent of reclaiming the strength of the Soviet Government. The GRU-P believes that seismic activity in Sverdlovsk is linked to an entity that will help accomplish this goal. Files regarding this object have been pre-emptively secured. The being should be located north-west of Shuvakish, Sverdlovsk. In GRU-P circles, it is believed that by September, two GRU-P squads will be sent to the area. MOSCOW further believes that this project is of great importance, and it, per Brezhnev, “is key for the long-term survival of the state.”

---

### **Discovery-B**

[BEGIN LOG]

*Akinfeev and Kirov are dispatched north of Shuvakish by MTF Red-1 "Bear", after arriving from Yekaterinburg.*

**Novikov**: Plans have changed. There’s heavy GRU-P presence in the area. Find the object, and extract in three hours.

*Kirov glances at Akinfeev.*

**Akinfeev**: Understood, Major.

*MTF Red-1 "Bear" leaves the area.*

**Akinfeev**: On me.

*Akinfeev and Kirov walk northward. Akinfeev stops and raises his hand.*

**Akinfeev**: Stop.

**Kirov**: Hm?

**Akinfeev**: (Whispering) A patrol.

*Voices can be heard in the distance.*

**Akinfeev**: (Whispering) Wait…

*Akinfeev and Kirov go prone into the shrubbery*

*Kirov raises his rifle.*

**Akinfeev**: (Whispering) Don't.

*Voices fade.*

*Silent for 5 seconds. Akinfeev and Kirov then stand up.*

**Kirov**: Gone?

*Akinfeev nods and they move forward.*

*Kirov sighs.*

**Akinfeev**: Did you serve?

*Kirov looks down.*

**Akinfeev**: (Chuckles) Thought so. Let’s move. Slowly.

*Akinfeev and Kirov walk northward towards the treeline.*

**Kirov**: This isn't right...

**Akinfeev**: Did worse in Prague.

*Silent for 1 second. Akinfeev then sighs.*

**Akinfeev**: So either they get it, or we do.

**Kirov**: … Understood.

*Silent for 10 seconds then Akinfeev stops walking.*

**Akinfeev**: And are you certain we have the right place?

**Kirov**: We should be close.

*Akinfeev looks around.*

**Akinfeev**: West. Move.

*Kirov and Akinfeev walk westward.*

**Akinfeev**: Scout the area. I’ll start digging.

*Kirov nods and leaves.*

*5 minutes of extraneous detail expunged.*

**Kirov**: Clear!

*Distant mumbling can be heard, but it fades.*

**Akinfeev**: (Whispering) Lower your voice! They’ll hear us.

*Akinfeev directs Kirov to extract the object from the burial site.*

*Akinfeev kneels closer to the object and observes it.*

**Akinfeev**:... There’s barely any rot.

*Kirov bends down.*

**Kirov**: (Whispering)  Listen.

*Breathing.*

**Akinfeev**: Stay back. I’ll check it out.

*Akinfeev leans closer as Kirov covers him.*

*Breathing can be heard.*

**Akinfeev**: Breathing's off.

*Akinfeev touches the body.*

**Akinfeev**: What is this?

*Akinfeev puts his head against the body.*

**Kirov**: I-

**Akinfeev**: ... Something's inside.

**Kirov**: What? Is it alive?

*Silent for 2 seconds as Kirov looks between the body and Akinfeev.*

**Akinfeev**: I don't know.

*Akinfeev backs away.*

**Akinfeev**: Open it. Slowly.

**Kirov**: But what if-

**Akinfeev**: If it moves, I’ll drop it.

*Kirov approaches the body.*

**Akinfeev**: Slowly and quietly. Nothing sudden.

*Kirov nods and opens the object.*

**Akinfeev**: (Slight chuckling) This is something else...

*Akinfeev moves closer to the body*

**Kirov**: (whispering) C-captain?

*Silent for 2 seconds as Akinfeev stares at the body*

**Akinfeev**: Sweep the area.

**Kirov**: Yes, sir.

*Kirov walks away as Akinfeev turns on his radio.*

**Akinfeev**: Taiga-1 reporting. The object has been secured. Appears humanoid. Height is approximately two metres. Hard to tell. Black surface. Unresponsive. Coordinates 56°56'05.7" north, 60°27'46.5" east. Prepare for extraction. We'll be at the rendezvous point in one-five. Over.

**Novikov**: (Crackling) Negative. Heavy GRU-P presence. Secondary Rendezvous point at the East Line. Over.

**Akinfeev**: Received. Out.

*Akinfeev turns the radio off and sighs as Kirov returns to him.*

**Kirov**: Everything alright?

**Akinfeev**: Change of plans.

**Kirov**: What happened?

**Akinfeev**: We'll be moving eastward. I need you to carry this thing. Stay alert.

**Kirov**: Yes, Captain.

*Kirov puts the body in a fireman's position on his shoulder. He and Akinfeev then slowly walk through the forest eastward toward the eastern rail line.*

**Kirov**: Fuck...

*Akinfeev walks ahead.*

**Akinfeev**: (Under his breath) What is this thing?

[END LOG]

---

#### **Content**

The following sections document SCP-9891's actions and psychological development.

| Sections | Name | Era |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Section 1 | Trauma | 1549-1552 |
| Section 2 | Onset | 1861 |
| Section 3 | Critical incident | 1861-1870s |
| Section 4 | Volition | 1881-1896 |
| Section 5 | Delusion | 1914-1916 |
| Section 6 | Remission? | 1918 |
| Section 7 | Consequence | 1994-1999 |

 

---

## ****Section 1: Trauma****

---

### **Addendum-1.1**

The following transcripts consist of primary source documentation recovered from the regional archives of Kazan, dating 1549-1552. These records track the socio-political landscape of the region prior to and after the dormancy of SCP-9891.

---

### **Transcript-1.A (Treaty)**

1. First, there shall be appointed by each of the parties three cartographers for the determination of the boundary of Russia and the East, with the sole regard to ensuring accurate representation of the boundaries in the common interest of both parties.

5. And to ensure peace between Russia and the East, entry beyond the line of demarcation is forbidden, and in case of mistaken entry or antagonistic attitude, the two parties must discuss amicably, and in this same period, the being must remain neutral and not stray from Kazan, so negotiations can remain neutral and peace can be exercised.

7. To limit any following discrepancy, the being must lie dormant for three centuries eastward beyond the Urals, and once met, the being may rise in peace, as this oath is the reassurance of neutrality between the two parties for as long as it remains dormant.

8. Once awoken by a designated character, the being must retire its position, and if agreed, this agreement shall be renewed for an additional century, as the possession of land shall be under the jurisdiction of the people of the East.

---

### **Transcript-1.B (Poem)**

Black are the moors before Kazan,

And their stagnant waters smell of blood:

I said in my heart, with horse and man,

I will swim across this shallow flood.

Under the feet of Argamack,

Like new moons were the shoes he bare,

Silken trappings hung on his back,

In a talisman on his neck, a prayer.

My warriors, thought I, are following me;

But when I looked behind, alas!

Not one of all the band could I see,

All had sunk in the black morass!

Where are our shallow fords? and where

The power of Kazan with its fourfold gates?

From the prison windows our maidens fair

Talk of us still through the iron grates.

We cannot hear them; for horse and man

Lie buried deep in the dark abyss!

Ah! the black day hath come down on Kazan!

Ah! was ever a grief like this? A Tatar folk song translated into a poem which was written by Alexander Chodzko.   

---

### **Transcript-1.C (Military Journal)**

The assault upon Kazan was as glorious as it was harrowing. Upon the orders of his Excellency, we conceived the notion to brutalise the Tatars to ensure subservience. Issues brought forward by the treaty shall be considered imputed, given that there is nothing remaining to abide in.

Therefore, the consequences of our sins shall remain unpunished as they were blessed by God himself and his truthful servant. What additional evil there may be in the Tatar land may now also be imputed as our sappers and cannons have thoroughly dismantled their walls and defences, rendering them without a place to call home. By the blessings of our forefathers and the lineage of our royal sovereign, this shall remain as such and the Tatar land shall remain as our own without sin as it once did.

---

## ****Section 2: Onset****

---

### **Addendum-2.1**

Recovered excerpts from the newspaper 'Sankt-Peterburgskie Vedomosti', dated 1861, and diary entries attributed to Valentina Ivanova, dated January 18th to January 31st 1861 (Old Julian style). These items document seismic activity and first contact with SCP-9891 since 1549 in Yekaterinburg, Russia.

---

### **Transcript-2.A (Newspaper Article)**

There has been a terrific earthquake in Yekaterinburg. The historical accounts show that Yekaterinburg has not experienced a quake in some time, but this period of peace has been shattered. In the growing city, accounts of great convulsions of the ground have been reported to have caused even greater havoc than ever before. Some have argued that this is a once-in-a-millennium event.

---

### **Transcript-2.B (Diary Excerpt)**

January 18th: Today there was a great shake upon the ground I stand. Father and I prayed to God that it would stop and it would a short time later, but the feeling of terror remains after the occasion.

January 25th: Today I saw a very peculiar man. His clothes were rather ragged and ill-fitting as if he had just learned what clothing was. He seemed rather pleasant, not worrisome at all I must say but his face was quite misshapen. I wonder where he comes from. I wonder what he is really like.

January 26th: I met that man today. He spoke calmly to me. He had the same attitude as my brother Alexsandr, blunt but warm. At times I could not understand a word he was saying, though as I had to ask him to repeat himself on numerous occasions, but he explained that he had a rough time returning home. I wonder if he had met my brother, they would have got on nicely. I wish to talk with him more in the future.

January 27th: Father invited this man to our home today for food. A poor man deserves at least some respect. His face was also in a positive state, which was truly wonderful to see. He expressed his desire to meet the Tsar today, but he did not seem entirely gracious when talking about him as if there was some personal issue. Father and he had a small argument regarding it. I personally feel some alignment to the man because he feels brave enough to say so. Father and I do respect him, but I fear for differing reasons. Nonetheless Father still appreciates his presence.

January 28th: Today something happened to the man. The man asked for a book to read but he was in great confusion. I believe it was Sergey Solovyov's History of Russia. I asked what was wrong. He was so distressed as he could not speak an utterance. We hope he will be well. What in that book could have been so distressing?

January 29th: The man has not come back. I deeply fear for him. I do not know what could have caused what happened yesterday. He was such a kind soul. He says things I could never dare to say but even Father does not mind it.

January 30th: Praise be the man returned today. It was only earlier that he knocked on the door. With such happiness, we embraced him. Praise God. Never have I felt so pleased to meet with a friend such as him. Dinner was had with him, Father and me, and it was truly a great occasion. I look forward to meeting with him again.

January 31st: The man has stated a desire to leave. He expressed that he wanted to see the West and visit Saint Petersburg. He wished to meet with his royal highness himself. I wanted to go with him but Father would not let me. Father would offer him a carriage but he refused and insisted he would walk on his lonesome. Father obliged and embraced him. He will always be welcome here.

---

### **Addendum-2.2**

Letters written to Tsar Alexander II following the encounter with Valentina Ivanova and her family, originally recovered from the Imperial Archives.

---

### **Transcript-2.C (Petition)**

Sire,

I and the Eastern people request that I may come to you in quest of peace and justice. Many years ago an ancestor of yours alongside myself and my people signed a joint agreement guaranteeing a universal peace between Russia and Qazan and the remaining East. But now O Tsar, I have come to recognise that a great injustice has befallen the East, and I humbly request your audience to discuss such matters.

O Emperor, as humble servants of God it is our duty to refer back to this binding agreement as, by such agreement, peace is to be maintained for three centuries, but due to the misdirection of your ancestor this was betrayed in the harshest possible manner. I place minimal blame towards yourself as you have no say regarding the past, only the present. Therefore this request of audience should not be condemned by your council, and if God wills it and by the virtue of your holy right, discussion shall be had.

Refuse not to sanction, and give orders to rectify such crimes against Qazan. Let our people live in peace and not under the Yoke of Russia. This, Sire, constitutes my sole principal need as I lay before you a message of reconciliation and if abided by, Russia and Qazan will be rendered eternally grateful. This petition would be ignored. 

---

**Evaluation Note-1:** Initial psychological analysis indicates that SCP-9891 is exhibiting emotional distress. However, interaction with the individual ‘Valentina Ivanova’ and her family indicates the capacity for prosocial engagement. The observable dichotomy between action and response demonstrates volatility relating to affective incongruence, specifically between personability and underlying instability. - Dr Polyansky

---

## ****Section 3: Critical incident****

---

### **Addendum-3.1**

The following document is a letter sent by SCP-9891 to Alexander II originally recovered from the Imperial Archives. It is dated May 1861, a month after the Bezdna massacre in the Kazan Governorate.

---

### **Transcript-3.A (Letter)**

I can only pity you, Alexander, for your insolence. I will pray for your salvation every day and night to ask the Lord to forgive you for your sins upon my people, for I will not. The Lord's mercy is bountiful, and I pray he forgives my intent, for divine wrath shall be cast upon thee and the blood who have allowed such absolute debauchery.

---

### **Addendum-3.2**

The following document is an excerpt from a Tatar folk tale written in the 1870s. Foundation ethnographers observe that the folk tale is interpreted as referencing the Bezdna massacre of 1861.  The narrative centres around a being named the "Oltu man". 

---

### **Transcript-3.B (Folk Tale)**

A long, long time ago when I was still a boy, I was told of a man, as tall as a Mosque, with a beautiful Oltu appearance. He lived before any of us and he would live on the Volga longer than any of us will live. Our ancestors would gaze upon him, knowing no matter how far or near, the Oltu man would be there.

A long, long time ago when my father was still young, I was told of a man, as tall as a Mosque, with a beautiful Oltu appearance which would gleam in the Volga flow. He lived as a peacemaker with his hand raised. He would live to maintain peace on the Volga, for longer than any of us will live. Our ancestors would gaze upon him, knowing no matter how far or near, the Oltu man would be there.

A long, long time ago sorrow fell upon the land. When I became a man, I was told of someone, as tall as a Mosque, with a beautiful Oltu appearance. When he decided to act in grace he lowered his hand. He acted in thought of protection but the forests were destroyed on the Volga by the bear. He left only silence but the river flow carrying golden ash, for longer than any of us will live. Our ancestors would no longer gaze upon him, knowing that the Oltu man was no longer there. 

A short, short time ago, I told my son of a man, as tall as a Mosque, with a beautiful Oltu appearance. I told him he would return, I told him he would protect us from evil but I was wrong. The Oltu man was no longer there. The songs of the birds stopped. The ground turned grey. The children were turned to silence and mothers told to not look upon the Volga. The river that once carried an ash of gold began to fall to darkness. The glow of ash fell beneath the weight of a crimson flood. Our ancestors would gaze into the distance, wondering if the Oltu man would return.

A short, short time ago, now wiser, I told my son I saw a man, as tall as a Mosque, with a beautiful Oltu appearance. He still lived among us but he no longer lives with us. When I thought of him I saw a great protector, but now all I think of him is the Oltu wanderer. The grieving wanderer is all I see and when we gaze upon him, we no longer know what the Oltu wanderer will be.

---

## ****Section 4: Volition****

---

### **Addendum-4.1**

A journal Entry written by Ignacy Hryniewiecki, found in a residence in Abramovo, Sverdlovsk Oblast by Okhrana officers. Dated 28th February 1881 (old Julian style).

---

### **Transcript-4.A (Manifesto)**

Alexander II must die. He will die, the traitor shall fall and with him the martyrs of the fallen Sibir shall rise. How many more sacrifices will our stolen land ask of its sons before it is liberated? It is my lot to die righteously, but if I am to see victory, I shall live in peace for eternity, for one hour in the bright season of our triumph is heavenly, but I believe that with my action I shall do all that it is my duty to do, and no one in the world can demand more of me as the desire for reclamation for our homeland remains pure and just for our unhappy land shall return with rejoice once the plague has rid itself. Death in this effort shall be a noble sacrifice as the future of this land shall be held with ill will and eventual collapse away from the heartless souls that look over your dominion. The lambs of Siberia will join to flock and rid the Moskva from our forests.

---

### **Addendum-4.2**

Excerpt of eye-witness testimony of the assassination of Alexander II from the diary of Imperial guard Kirill Andropov, dated 8th October 1881 (old Julian style).

---

### **Transcript-4.B (Eyewitness Testimony)**

Once the first assassin had thrown his bomb leaving the Tsar unharmed, I was thoroughly relieved. The Tsar insisted on seeing the captured assailant, which I respect him for his resolve, and I heard him say, "Thank God, I escaped injury". I then saw the second assassin at quick pace throw his explosive device and shout, "It is too soon to thank God yet". The explosion caused a great deal of harm to his majesty and to himself. I attempted to move closer to the site of the attack in a moment of desperation to see the ailing Tsar but the bomb thrower caught my attention. As the smoke cleared I noticed that his body was not that heavily damaged. He was swiftly escorted away by the men of Chief of police Dvorzhitzky.

---

**Evaluation Note-2:** The subject appears to show an increasingly unstable mental status. SCP-9891 did show an initial willingness to open diplomacy, but the ensuing massacre at Bezdna caused an acute stress response. This led to psychological decompensation, fixating on the Russian monarchy in an effort to avenge the people of Kazan. The subject's rhetoric further incorporates Orthodox imagery with a divine mandate whilst alternating with explicit threats towards the monarchy. I would recommend that the entity should be closely observed. - Dr Polyansky

---

### **Addendum-4.3**

The following transcripts contain journal entries found in two residential properties in St Petersburg, dated 1881-1896. This period covers the reign of Alexander III and the coronation of Nicholas II.

---

### **Transcript-4.C (Journal Entries)**

**Journal entry 1: Restoration**

For he is God's servant for your good. But if you do wrong, be afraid, for he does not bear the sword in vain. For he is the servant of God, an avenger who carries out God's wrath on the wrongdoer. - Romans 13:4

If God is to exist then he has come before me and his divine grace has commanded me to strike on the soul of the false servant. The damned followers of a false authority shall remain unblessed for all eternity. For now and forever they shall be forsaken, and my kin shall awaken from their prison and rise to challenge the false shepherd. Our homeland shall be blessed and pure without sin whilst the invaders shall feel dirty and remain savage! They shall learn through torment from now but even then my role is yet to be completed. Once the purest of Siberian snow has been reclaimed, the land shall be reborn and a glorious rebirth shall take hold of this God forsaken world.

God has to exist for the clock has begun, but Something is wrong. Oh so painfully wrong. It was only so recent that I touched the ground that was once ours but now it feels as impure as ever. No longer we wake to the sound of angels and laughter but instead to Greed and slothfulness. The fire is lost and the fallen grow but a piece is missing, and that piece is with you. I though have been blessed. I was awoken to holy fire and shall create holy bliss and that piece shall be reclaimed. Many moons have passed by but I shall see a rising sun and all of Sibir will be shined upon. The animals therefore shall be slaughtered. Their presence creates impurity on pure land. The blessing shall reverse this disgrace. Only in due time. The heart of Qazan shall be reclaimed.

**Journal entry 2: Vision**

"For we walk by faith, not by sight." - 2 Corinthians 5:7

I'm sorry. You will have to depart now. You may suffer now. I can no longer see you now. I still hate you. I always will, and with your kin. I remember serving you that drink you love so dearly. May God allow that memory to be more clear but I can feel it in me. So joyous. But you didn't view it as anything did you? You expect to be served like a slave master, didn't you? 

But now our eyes are wide. Wider than before and wider than forever more as the hand of the holy being shall cast a shadow upon thee and close the eyes of yourself master. I pray for you master. I pray for you all. I pray not for wrath but for eternal solitude. I see you with your wife and your bastard son. On this occasion you will be temporary but their memory of you. In bed. Weak. Is forever. You live despised.

The people will speak in favour of you but only when you are dead. The people abhor you everyday. Poor boy. But there is no need to worry anymore Sasha, your eyes are closed. You won't see again as you eternally sleep. If you so wish you can dream of what your blood has done. I'll be there with you. Watching your kin. Like I always have done. The clock strikes 6 and the heart is within grasp. Thank you. Alexander III would officially die of kidney failure on 4th November 1894.

---

### **Transcript-4.D (Letter)**

I know only one way for you to reach God. I would not state this if this was not definitive. For you to reach the holiest of grounds you must rid yourself from this earth so the land of Sibir is free of your blood. This path is one that is most righteous and hardest to reach but if your spiritual resolve is as weak as your governance, then I believe you can walk down it. I pray that God will have mercy on you and that he will forgive you for I will not and in due course you shall learn of this in the Khodynka field. God save Russia, for no one else can. Hail your demise. May death come upon your blood.

---

**Evaluation Note-3:** SCP-9891's psychological state has continued to deteriorate. The subject's rhetoric aligns with a pattern of scrupulosity that targets the Tsar which is beginning to replace the focus on Kazan and Tatar populations. Analysis indicates that it is justifying its actions through theology-based radicalisation. This strongly suggests a pattern of delusional belief based on moral authority. If this pattern were to continue, it brings concern regarding the safety of containing it. - Dr Polyansky

---

## ****Section 5: Delusion****

---

### **Addendum-5.1**

The following documents detail anomalous incidents and journal entries surrounding Grigori Rasputin. Foundation analysis flagged these due to anomalous physiological and textual discrepancies when compared with imperial archive documents.

---

### **Transcript-5.A (Surveillance)**

8th January. Rasputin sent a telegram to Pokrovskoe addressed to an unknown person:

"I thank you for your care over our homeland. God shall treat you kindly"

17th January. Rasputin spent fifty minutes with Tsarina Alexandra Fyodorovna.

20th January. Rasputin was pictured praying in front of a large fire outside of Petrograd.

23rd January. Rasputin spent three hours in his residence in Pokrovskoe. A villager reported strange noises:

"I think I heard someone speak in Grigori's house. I couldn't tell. It was very unclear and strange."

25th January. Rasputin was sent to the Anglo-Russian hospital by Tsarina Alexandra Fyodorovna for injuries to the face. Rasputin sent a telegram to the Tsarina:

"I appreciate your great care Alexandra, but God has myself in his safe hands. Trust in his will and I shall recover. I humbly request you return me."

28th January. Rasputin was spotted angrily talking with a servant, heard saying:

"Leave me be!"

29th January. Rasputin was spotted by a servant, named Yuri Antonin, acting strangely. The servant states:

"Last night I saw Rasputin in the Lesnoy Imperial Forestry Institute Park. . He looked terrible. Black things across his body. I saw him praying and speaking in a strange tongue."

---

### **Transcript-5.B (Newspaper Article)**

A frightful discovery was made last night as three bodies were found hanging from trees in the Imperial Forestry Institute Park. This was discovered by the night-watchman, Yuri Antonin, who at the time was completing his rounds. According to Antonin,  each body had a placard attached to them with crudely written text reading “Alexander”, “Sasha” and “Nicky”. 

People within Petrograd claim that this is a work of a 'German spy' or 'Anarchists', but the head of security to his Imperial Majesty, Alexander Spiridovich, has attempted to reassure these fears and has promised that “this threat upon the life of the Tsar will not go unpunished.”

---

### **Transcript-5.C (Journal Entries)**

**Journal entry 1: Destiny**

For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works, which God prepared beforehand, that we should walk in them.- Ephesians 2:10

The thread has been laid bare. The eleventh hour is near for you and your bastard marriage. The great white throne has judged you for eternity for your blood has condemned my land to ruin and may the fallen judge you with words so sharp they pass through you, for God is no longer on this earth to provide his divine wrath. Fate by its hand shall damn you for eternity and beyond. We are ruled by sinners who grip their hands over our throat. No more bird songs. No more peace. Their nightmare is hailed and the clock ticks as they advance at our expense. May the fallen be greater.

Nothing is wrong. It is now all so right. The chain is broken and the eleventh hour is here. God will bless the noble soul who strikes me down as for who strikes me down shall determine if you live for immortality or for two short years. And by God let it be so because I shall return to avenge the fallen and rid this cursed land. Your fate has been determined. Your last breath is all planned for. Watch the clock as it is ticking and Sibir shall bury you in history. May God have mercy on your soul for we will not.

**Journal entry 2: Transcendence**

The world and its desires pass away, but whoever does the will of God lives forever. - John 2:17

Remember you must fall as fate is the doer of all for the act of God is above all. The twelfth hour is near.

The LAMB has invited ME to its home. I SEE YOU. I see him clearly. Himself and his family. At last but he does not SENSE me. The lamb though shall not feel my presence. You are as blind as the blind who worship you FOR YOU CANNOT FEEL what has been felt. 

The servant of God lives amongst you and as such, you shall be struck down by the God you so humbly serve. I IMPLORE you to feel what will rip you apart. YOUR DECADENCE IS WHAT MAKES YOU and it shall be what makes you fall to the shepherd. But to know that the feeling of the end that is so near would feel so complete, then and only then it is near the day of judgement, but then what? In good time your blood shall no longer last... Grigori Rasputin would be murdered in December 1916. 

---

**Evaluation Note-4:** Documentation from 1914-1916 indicates that the mental status of SCP-9891 had degraded with the subject continuing to exhibit scrupulosity. In addition, the entity's writings highlight symptoms consistent with schizophrenia and behaviour consistent with grandiose delusions due to more common references to ideologically motivated violent ideation. Alongside this, over time, its religiously driven hostility towards the monarchs of Russia appears to have become more ideologically focused. Analysis of these journal entries shows a growing focus on the Tsars which coincides with a reduction of reference to Kazan. - Dr Polyansky

---

### **Addendum-5.2**

The following transcript is an excerpt of the autopsy of Grigori Rasputin by Professor Dmitrii Kosorotov, dated December 20th 1916, shortly after the final journal entry by Rasputin.

---

### **Transcript-5.D (Post-mortem)**

POST-MORTEM OF THE DECEASED GRIGORI YEFIMOVICH RASPUTIN

The body is that of a man of about fifty years old, of medium size, dressed in a blue embroidered hospital robe, which covers a white shirt. His legs, in tall animal skin boots, are tied with a rope, and the same rope ties his wrists. His dishevelled hair is light brown, as are his long moustache and beard, and it is soaked with blood. His mouth is half open, his teeth clenched. His face below his forehead is covered in blood. His shirt is also marked with blood. There are three bullet wounds. The first has penetrated the left side of the chest and has gone through the stomach and the liver. His torso is noticeably flat in comparison to other post-mortem reports. Internal organs are intact but rubbery in texture with dark liquid lining the stomach.

Examination of the head: His facial features are unclear as his face appears to be distorted. The cerebral matter gave off a strong smell of alcohol. Examination of the stomach: the stomach contains about twenty soup spoons of liquid smelling of alcohol. The examination reveals no trace of poison. 

Wounds: His left side has a weeping wound, due to a slicing object such as a sword. His right eye has come out of its cavity and fallen down onto his face. At the corner of the right eye the membrane is torn. His right ear is hanging down and torn. His neck has a wound from some sort of rope or tie. The victim's face and body carry traces of blows given by a supple but hard object. His genitals have been crushed by the action of a similar object. These attacks on the body appear to be causing a dark liquid to emanate from each wound.

---

### **Foundation Note**

The existence of Documentation relating to SCP-9891 between 20th December 1916 and July 17th 1918 is currently unknown.

---

## ****Section 6: Remission?****

---

### **Addendum-6.1**

The following transcript is an uncovered telegram from Vladimir Lenin sent to  Alexander Beloborodov, the chairman of the Ural regional soviet, dated July 16th, 1918. Documents an order regarding the Tsar and his family.

---

### **Transcript-6.A (Lenin message)**

Comrade! The advancement of the counter-revolutionaries towards the Yekaterinburg stronghold is of great concern. Most notably due to the risk of our bourgeois hostages being recaptured. The interests of the whole revolution require this to be an urgent matter. With the hostages at risk, a definitive end must be met.

1. Order the execution of the hostages.

2. Dispose of them.

3. Seize all remaining items of wealth.

4. Hold Yekaterinburg.

Dispose of the traitors with discrete intent and defend Yekaterinburg until the last man, so the people can be proud of our cause and continue to shout "Death to the Tsar and Death to the Counter-revolution".

Telegraph the receipt and implementation. Yours, Lenin.

---

### **Note**

List of Soldiers ordered to execute Tsar Nicholas II and his family at Ipatiev house, Yekaterinburg:

- Yakov Mikhailovich Yurovsky 

- Grigory Petrovich Nikulin 

- Mikhail Aleksandrovich Medvedev 

- Pyotr Zakharovich Ermakov 

- Stepan Vaganov 

- Alexey Georgievich Kabanov

- Pavel Spiridonovich Medvedev

- Victor Nikiforovich Netrebin 

- Jānis Martynovich Tselms

- Filipp Isayevich Goloshchyokin 

---

### **Addendum-6.2**

The following transcript is a testimony discovered in Ipatiev house, written by Stepan Vaganov. Dated 17th July 1918.

---

### **Transcript-6.B (Journal entry)**

**Journal Entry 1: Confession**

For in much wisdom is much grief: and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow. - Ecclesiastes 1:18

My Kin

This was many moons ago...

In Qazan and Qashliq I remember sitting by you, thinking of our peaceful existence driven by the stag and the falcon. On a festive day our way of thought was clear and holy with no trouble in our wake. But life knocked you back and I could not help you for you were mutilated and betrayed and myself was made a fool for trusting them. Their actions proved my naïve nature for I could not support you in your time of strife. 

I can only confess that I failed you and even with completion, that truth remains as such but for this time my rifle and bayonet is wishing for your blessing. They are ready. Only tonight for the twelfth hour is here. For 300 years you have waited my kin, but these characters of debauchery are merely nothing, for they can do and change nothing. 

I only confess what I feel is able to soothen what cannot be undone and reclaim what was lost. But only for you, I have no fear in my intent to commit this act in the correct way. The body may be young but the mind is old so it shall grow no older. After these days I shall lie with you in the purest of earth for there shall be peace in my sleep. 

I only confess that there is nothing more. Clarification has brought the realisation that the future remains empty. I now wish to be with you for all time for my sleep will provide peace to your land with my hand raised. Thank you.

---

**Evaluation Note-5:** The final written record of SCP-9891 is significant. The entity has returned to its original focus, being the Tatar people and Kazan, instead of solely focusing on the Tsar. In addition, SCP-9891 is expressing remorse regarding its initial dormancy. However, intent to commit regicide remains active. In accordance with directive 03-07-1992, I believe that it is a priority to keep it asleep. - Dr Polyansky

---

## ****Section 7: Consequence****

---

### **Addendum 09-09-1997**

The following documents detail the staff of D.O.H "ROSSIYA" and the observation protocol of SCP-9891. Documents inner-site communication and video logs of the protocol.

---

### **Internal Memorandum-A**

Date:01/07/1994

To: Genrikh Toptunov

From: Andrey Novikov

Director Toptunov,

In accordance with the Containment Procedures Revision 03-07-1992, Akinfeev and I have successfully ensured that SCP-9891 remains dormant. Evaluation by Dr. Polyansky has indicated that this will remain the case under current operational conditions.

However, the modernisation of equipment and containment procedures is required to maintain compliance with Foundation standards for anomaly containment. Current containment measures do not meet the minimum requirements to maintain long-term dormancy.  Monitoring and suppression equipment was first installed between 1980 and 1983, meaning that the lighting and audio components are now operating seven to eight years after scheduled replacement. I request that you notify the Site-12 administration to conduct a formal review of our containment infrastructure and for additional funding to be made available.

Failure to act will limit our capacity to prevent an awakening event and will compromise our efforts to contain SCP-9891.

Andrey Novikov

---

**To:** ##red|G.Toptunov@git.scp.int## ##grey|03/07/1994 08:21 PM##

**From:** J.Low@git.scp.int

**Subject:** Re: Funding request

---

Dear Genrikh,

We regret to inform you that after a careful review of your request and the infrastructure of D.O.H “ROSSIYA”, we are unable to offer you funding at this time.

Our decision was based on existing financial constraints at Site-12 and within the wider Department of History. Unfortunately, as a result of this, we will be unable to assist with any further request for the foreseeable future, and we must prioritise the long-term financial stability of the Department of History.

We understand that this may be disappointing, but given your track record since inheriting the Directorship in 1987, we have total faith in your capabilities to successfully contain SCP-9891.

Yours faithfully,

Judith Low

---

### **1996 Maintenance log**

Incident report 1 (09/02/1996): SCP-9891 containment cell experienced recurring light fixture failures. Maintenance replaced the bulbs but they became defective within four hours.

Incident report 2 (17/05/1996): Audio device within the SCP-9891 containment cell malfunctioned, experiencing frequent muting. Maintenance replaced the microphone with the same standard-issue model.

Incident report 3 (01/06/1996): The automatic door leading to the SCP-9891 observation area malfunctioned. Maintenance performed a forced entry and fixed the door, postponing the observation protocol.

Incident report 4 (27/10/1996): The SCP-9891 containment cell lightbulb shattered. The lightbulb was replaced immediately.

---

**31-08-1997**

Test: Daily mandated observation of SCP-9891

Staff: A.Novikov, V. Akinfeev

[BEGIN LOG]

**Novikov**: Commencing daily observation of SCP-9891. Akinfeev, turn the light on.

*Akinfeev turns the inner chamber light on.*

**Novikov**: No visual changes. Enhance the volume.

*Akinfeev raises the volume of the inner chamber microphone.*

*Faint breathing can be heard.*

**Novikov**: All normal. End observation.

**Akinfeev**: Yes, sir.

*Akinfeev turns off the lights and reverts the volume back to normal.*

[END LOG]

**01-09-1997**

Test: Daily mandated observation of SCP-9891

Staff: A.Novikov, V.Akinfeev

[BEGIN LOG]

**Novikov**: Commencing daily observation of SCP-9891. Lights on.

*Akinfeev turns the inner chamber light on.*

**Akinfeev**: Exact same as yesterday.

**Novikov**: Good. Enhance volume.

*Akinfeev raises the volume of the inner chamber microphone.*

*Breathing can be heard.*

**Novikov**: All normal. End of Obser-

**Akinfeev**: Wait…Listen…

*Novikov leans forward.*

*Breathing can be heard.*

**Novikov**: Breathing sounds consistent. End of observation.

*Akinfeev turns off the lights and reverts the volume back to normal.*

[END LOG]

**02-09-1997**

Test: Daily mandated observation of SCP-9891

Staff: A.Novikov, V.Akinfeev

[BEGIN LOG]

**Novikov**: Commencing daily observation of SCP-9891. Lights on.

*Akinfeev turns the inner chamber light on.*

*SCP-9891 twitches.*

**Novikov**: Slight movement reported. Nothing significant. Enhance volume.

*Akinfeev raises the volume of the inner chamber microphone.*

*A slight vibration can be heard.*

**Akinfeev**: Hmm, that's strange.

**Novikov**: The microphone's probably faulty. Increase the volume to maximum.

*Akinfeev increases the volume to maximum.*

*Humming can be heard.*

**Akinfeev**: Has that happened before?

*Silent for 2 seconds.*

**Novikov**: No...it's fine, probably still a glitch. End of observation.

*Akinfeev turns off the light, then deactivates the audio. He then leaves the room.*

*Novikov's hand shakes as he grabs a nearby rotary phone. He turns the dials and picks it up. The call is answered.*

**Novikov**: Director Toptunov-

*Confused mumbling.*

**Novikov**: I-I-

*Annoyed mumbling.*

**Novikov**: I heard something.

*Confused mumbling.*

**Novikov**: I don't think it is.

*Brief mumbling.*

**Novikov**: Are you sure?

*One word mumbled.*

**Novikov**: Alright.

*Novikov puts down the phone and leaves the room.*

[END LOG]

**03-09-1997**

Test: Daily mandated observation of SCP-9891

Staff: A.Novikov, V.Akinfeev

[BEGIN LOG]

**Novikov**: Commencing daily observation of SCP-9891. Lights on.

*Akinfeev flicks the light switch.*

**Akinfeev**: It's not working.

**Novikov**: Try it once more.

*Akinfeev flicks the light switch repeatedly.*

**Akinfeev**: I think it's broken again.

**Novikov**: Christ... Enhance volume.

*Akinfeev raises the volume of the inner chamber microphone.*

*Silent for 6 seconds.*

**Novikov**: (whispering) For fuck's sake... Akinfeev, try the light again.

*Akinfeev flicks the light switch.*

*The light sputters, then turns on.*

**Akinfeev**: No…that can’t be right.

**Novikov**: Notify Toptunov immediately. It’s gone.

[END LOG]

---

Classification has changed to Keter. Emergency suppression measures initiated.

---

### **Transcript-05-09-1997 (Journal Entry)**

**Interviewed:** Site Sub-Director Andrey Novikov

**Interviewer:** Site Director Genrikh Toptunov

**Foreword:** The following transcript is an interrogation conducted by D.O.H “ROSSIYA” Director Genrikh Toptunov after SCP-9891 breached containment.

[BEGIN LOG]

*Novikov enters the room. Toptunov is on the opposite side of a desk.*

*Toptunov stands and offers a handshake but Novikov refuses.*

*Novikov and Toptunov sit down. Toptunov collects himself and turns on the audio recording device.*

**Toptunov**: This is being recorded. Understood?

*Novikov stares at Toptunov.*

**Toptunov**: Do you recall what happened on the…3rd of September?

*Silent for 3 seconds.*

**Toptunov**: Do you care to explain what happened?

*Novikov looks down.*

**Novikov**: It escaped.

**Toptunov**: Do you know how the hell that happened?

*Silent for 2 seconds.*

**Novikov**: I don’t know…

*Silent for 2 seconds.*

*Toptunov slightly leans forward.*

**Toptunov**: It was the *one* job you had and *you* don’t know?

**Novikov**: …Correct.

*Toptunov sighs and he grabs some files.*

**Toptunov**: I talked with Akinfeev earlier and…

*Novikov tenses and stares at Toptunov who picks out a group of files.*

**Toptunov**: He said some things…

*Toptunov pauses as Novikov slightly leans forward.*

**Toptunov**: …about you.

*Novikov pauses for a second*

**Novikov**: He wouldn’t.

**Toptunov**: (chuckles) I have what he says… Right. Here.

*Toptunov pauses for a second before placing down the files. He then slides them over to Novikov.*

*Novikov glances at Toptunov.*

**Toptunov**: It’s here if you change your mind.

*Novikov slides the files back to Toptunov and stares at him.*

**Toptunov**: I understand-

**Novikov**: No you don’t.

*Toptunov sits back and gestures towards Novikov.*

**Toptunov**: Then tell me-

**Novikov**: You fucked me over.

*Toptunov does not respond for a second.*

**Toptunov**: You can retract that-

**Novikov**: You’re the one who didn’t-

**Toptunov**: I know.

*Toptunov sighs.*

**Toptunov**: Doesn’t excuse it though.

*Toptunov pushes the files towards Novikov.*

*Toptunov pauses for a second*

**Toptunov**: Read it. Please.

*Novikov brushes the files away to the side of the desk.*

**Novikov**: You have nothing-

**Toptunov**: I implore you-

**Novikov**: You “Implore” me?

**Toptunov**: Andrey. Just read it.

*Novikov glances at the files.*

**Toptunov**: Take your time.

*Novikov looks at Toptunov.*

**Novikov**: I didn't. Do. Anything.

*Toptunov places his arms on the desk.*

**Toptunov**: Then how do you explain what happened? Did it just fucking disappear?

**Novikov**: I told you-

**Toptunov**: You told me nothing.

*Novikov looks down.*

**Toptunov**: Look, if you just tell me-

*Novikov sighs.*

**Toptunov**: Andrey. If you just tell me what happened…

*Novikov looks at the files and doesn’t respond.*

**Toptunov**: (reserved) All the time you need.

*Novikov looks at Toptunov and doesn’t respond.*

**Toptunov**: Think it over. I’ll see you in the morning.

*Toptunov puts his hand out but Novikov stands, turns around and walks out of the room.*

*Toptunov grabs the files, slumps back in his chair and turns off the audio recording device.*

[END LOG]

**Closing statement**: Site Sub-Director Andrey Novikov would be demoted and replaced by Vladimir Akinfeev.

---

### **Internal Memorandum-B**

Date:07/09/1997

To: Vladimir Akinfeev

From: Genrikh Toptunov

Sub-Director Akinfeev,

I write to you to discuss a change in directive regarding the breach of SCP-9891. Your primary directive is to now discover and contain SCP-9891, and your secondary directive is to find additional documents by the entity. Additional funding will be provided by the Site-12 administration to support you. Anatoly Kirov will also be assigned to this investigation.

Failure to re-contain SCP-9891 will result in your immediate termination.

Genrikh Toptunov

---

### **Addendum 01-08-1999**

The following journal entry was discovered in Moscow's Red Square and was written by an unknown individual dated 1999.

---

### **Transcript-1999.A (Journal Entry)**

**Journal entry 1: Acceptance**

To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:  A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted. - Ecclesiastes 3:1-2

I speak in an unknown world to an unknown people. I no longer speak to the people of Qazan and Qashliq anymore for they are rendered non-existent. What am I to them? Today and maybe forever I shall never know, for I will never want to know. The traitors are long gone. I did my bidding for you, and yet I look upon the world and see that my justification was fruitless. 

Instead, their sins are actually in my favour. It appears to keep them clouded. It keeps them ignorant. It may even keep them negligent. Their pride forces them to be as such, allowing for envy to creep into their thought as they observe a superior people but that is what I wished for. That is what I foresaw and yet, the clock goes on. I see another, and another, and another for all time. It is endless and will forever be endless.

No more tales are told and there are no more songs to sing and I struggle to accept that because there are no more of them. The heart is lost so I can only pray that the land of my people is rendered pure as the purest of forests can be. For I remember those days, for I remember everything, and for now I can no longer offer gratitude but instead only request allowance for my hand to lower. Only then, it may be time to let go. 

---

<< [SCP-9890](SCP-9890) | SCP-9891 | [SCP-9892](SCP-9892) >>

> **Name:** Dmitrii Kosorotov Rasputin post mortem

> **Author:** Dmitrii Kosorotov

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://view.officeapps.live.com/op/view.aspx?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ysmithcpallen.com%2Fsites%2Fdefault%2Ffiles%2Fsites%2Fall%2Fdocuments%2FSource%252012%2520Raspotine.doc&wdOrigin=BROWSELINK
