Alleyway, by 

---

Check out my [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-bark-s-office Author Page!]

**Item #:** Alleyway

**Object Class:** Not dangerous

**Special Containment Procedures:** Tautological language is permitted in this file and similar documents due to the nature of what it's describing.

Despite being publicly accessible, Foundation security staff disguised as council workers (who are leaving the alley in disrepair) are to disincentivise public access where possible. Civilian knowledge of the alley is not considered a breach of normalcy, as it is public. It has been deemed acceptable for the public to know of individual facts pertaining to the alley, so long as they are not aware of the fact that the alley only has a restricted list of attributable facts.

~~Efforts to discover more facts that can be attributed to the alley are ongoing.~~ No further tests pertaining to the alleyway are to be authorised without Level 4/Alleyway approval.

**Description:** The alleyway is an alleyway with a heavily restricted set of facts attributable to it with which it can be described.

The list of known attributable facts is as follows:

- It is an alleyway

- It is publicly accessible

- It smells of piss Not to be confused with smelling like urine. 

- The local council has left it in disrepair

- It is not dangerous

- It has a heavily restricted list of attributable facts

It is not possible to attribute anymore facts to the alley, as they would not be facts pertaining to the alley.

Foundation efforts to secure the alley failed, as it is publicly accessible. Containment, while deemed necessary, was not implemented, as it is not dangerous. Attempts to restrict access to, or otherwise alter the infrastructure of the alleyway, could not be implemented, as such attempts would make it not an alleyway. The alley has no SCP designation, as it is not a fact that it is an SCP. The alley cannot be sanitised by Foundation personnel (or anyone else, for that matter), because it smells like piss. Clinical tone is not possible in some regards to the alley; for example, it smells of piss specifically, not a more formal scent such as urine or waste.

**Discovery:** The alley was discovered after the corpse of local Councillor Harold Ryan (whilst in the act of leaving the alley in disrepair) was found mutilated in a recycling bin within the alley. This death occurred despite the alley not being dangerous.

Its properties were discovered after local law enforcement refused to investigate Ryan's passing, as it occurred under non-dangerous circumstances. No funeral was held for him.

Foundation efforts to reconcile the alleyway not being dangerous with the death failed, though it was discovered the alleyway had a heavily restricted list of attributable facts with which it could be described.

**Addendum Alleyway-1:** Incident log

During efforts to test the alleyway and glean more attributable facts to it, a Foundation researcher with greasy hair was found to also have incredibly restricted attributable facts to them. The only facts pertaining to the researcher are now as follows:

- They are a Foundation researcher

- They investigated the alleyway

- They have greasy hair

Attempts at containing them failed, as it is not a fact they have anomalous properties nor are within Foundation custody. Foundation secrecy remains intact.

Testing has been discontinued since.

<< [SCP-9088](SCP-9088) | Alleyway | [SCP-9090](SCP-9090) >>

> **Filename:** Back Alley - geograph.org.uk - 5667097.jpg

> **Author:** Bob Harvey

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Back_Alley_-_geograph.org.uk_-_5667097.jpg
