.danke {

    padding: 5px;

    margin-bottom:10px;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.1em; 

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

**Special Containment Procedures:** As of now, SCP-9703 has not been contained. Due to the nature of its spread and vector of infection, containment procedures have not been fully defined and are currently being researched by Site-201b's Cold Weather Research Team as well as the Media Broadcast, Biological Weapons, and Internal Medicine divisions.

The Media Broadcast division will supply each Foundation branch with a dedicated Television Broadcast Technician. This technician should have a Cognitohazard Resistance Value of at least 5.0 and no prior work experience in extreme cold weather environments. This technician will be responsible for monitoring local news weather broadcasts.

Site-201b has been authorized to mobilize a specialized strike team, hereby known as Team 'Clarion Call'. Clarion Call is given plenary control of all broadcasting within an incident area and is authorized to terminate all audio and video broadcasts by whatever means they deem fit for the duration of an outbreak. The team is also tasked with coordinating search and rescue operations for victims of SCP-9703. It should be noted that Clarion Call is a specialized response team outside the Mobile Task Force command structure (at the request of Dr. Halslip, lead researcher on SCP-9703).

****Administrative Note: The existence of Clarion Call as an independent division is under review. The Ethics Committee is investigating whether the team should be folded into the standard MTF hierarchy.****

At the first sign of a 9703 incidence event, hereby known as 9703-1, the responding broadcast technician is to alert site command, Site-201b's response team, and Clarion Call  immediately. After mobilization, audio and video broadcasts in a 150 km diameter zone from a 9703-1 event are to be forcibly terminated. Media broadcast of any kind within the area of effect will be suspended until such a time that no spread of the contagion can be verified. Clarion Call will coordinate search and rescue efforts utilizing resources from nearby Foundation sites and local emergency services.

Victims shall be identified as SCP-9703-1 with a location and ID number suffix (i.e. 9703-1-Boston22). Affected humans in the area must be quarantined and confined to their local Foundation site. Restraints must include a standard straitjacket covered with a wool coat or blanket. Containment cells should be padded to prevent blunt force trauma affecting the quarantined individual. 

Devices that look similar to heat exchangers should be set up in the holding cell, out of reach of the 9703-1 instance. These devices are non-functional. The devices are to appear functional in an effort to convince the 9703-1 instance their containment cell is heavily refrigerated. Every effort should be made to convince contained victims that they are at a cool enough temperature and there is no danger of burning. These measures are meant to be pacifying in nature in order to prevent contained 9703-1 instances from committing self-harm.

9703-1 instances will, without fail, attempt to break out of containment and harm themselves. There is a high chance of fatality or trauma if an instance escapes. 9703-1 instances will not be released until approved by Site-201b's Bio-Weapons and Internal Medicine leads.

**Description:** SCP-9703 is an anomalous weather broadcast that appears suddenly during off-peak news cycles. The content of the broadcast before, during, and after an incident varies, but each outbreak follows a similar pattern of events, outlined below:

* The broadcast begins with the meteorologist walking off camera or disappearing entirely. Survivors have reported the broadcaster speaking before abruptly stopping and then leaving the camera view. Others have reported the meteorologist simply fading from existence. At least one has stated not noticing that the broadcaster had disappeared, as they were simply too engrossed by the weather report.

* Shortly after, a local map of the area appears, showing temperatures in the viewer's city as well as the surrounding regions. 

* The temperatures shown slowly begin to rise at an exponential rate, eventually surpassing temperatures that would vaporize most organic matter. 

* The map then zooms out to show the weather at a national scale, combined with visual effects showing an impending firestorm. Text on the screen describes the onset of global uncontrolled burning, as well as mass volcanic eruptions. 

* The broadcast then directs viewers to seek shelter in the coldest places they can find to stave off the effects of the flames. 

* Most reports state witnessing the image of the globe glitching. At which point the broadcast returns to the original programming that would have followed it. Interviews with survivors have not provided evidence of any other subliminal visual messaging at the conclusion of the broadcast. 

The broadcast itself transmits a cognitohazardous pathogen that causes affected individuals to constantly seek cold environments, becoming an 9703-1 instance. Upon the cessation of the broadcast, viewers will suddenly begin experiencing symptoms of fever, though the fever is purely psychosomatic. This is followed by the removal of most clothing and complaints of intense sweating, despite no visible sweat on the individual. 9703-1 instances will seek out the nearest cold environment locally available. Previous outbreaks have shown affected individuals taking cold showers, filling a bathtub with ice, or even trying to sit inside refrigerators. Ultimately, this proves unsatisfactory for the individual at which point they will seek out greater sources of cold, such as a local ice rink. 

The nature of the pathogen causes the affected individual to believe that no source of cold is sufficient and that extreme measures need to be taken to cool their body temperature. This belief causes the affected persons to walk towards naturally cold parts of the world. The direction these individuals take depends on the region they live in, but will generally trend towards the planet's polar regions, especially if the region of the outbreak is relatively temperate. If the region has an area where freezing is naturally occurring the victim will travel that direction instead. Though much of the information on victim trajectories is obtained after containment (generally long after an outbreak's zero hour) triangulation calculations have provided strong evidence of travel vectors; generally calculated using a combination of outbreak ground zero coordinates, departure points for a given victim, footprint tracks, and witness testimony. 

---

**Addenda**

Most reports on individual outbreaks are still being investigated and documented. Listed below are three recent incidents of note.

**Incident Report**

> 9703-1-Cairo

> Date of Incident: June 17th, [DATA EXPUNGED]

> Area of Incident: Cairo, Egypt

> Area of Effect: 25 miles, centered around the [DATA EXPUNGED] recreation center

> Total Affected Individuals: 15 (14 contained). Of the 14 contained, all 14 made a full recovery after 15 days in containment. One individual was not able to be found before they fled the city.

Broadcast began at 1430 and ended at 1435. Site-107's designated broadcast technician noticed the broadcast at 1433 and dispatched containment teams. Clarion Call arrived on the scene around 1515. Upon arrival, 10 affected individuals were found dousing themselves with a hose. They were restrained and contained immediately. Site-107's response team medevaced them to Site-107 for containment.

Four individuals were found elsewhere in the city, sheltering inside an ice cream truck. The individuals were restrained within the vehicle. The truck was commandeered to drive them to containment.

One individual, designated 9703-1-Cairo15, could not be found for 24 days. A Foundation research team working in Sochi spotted an Egyptian Male who seemed to be walking in the direction of Krasnodar, Russia. Clarion Call was dispatched to the area and was eventually able to locate the subject and identify him as 9703-1-Cairo15. He was found in Timashevsk, Russia, 2737 km from Cairo. The vector he was on implies he was on a path towards Moscow. The man was found initially unresponsive, wearing disheveled clothing, and showing symptoms of severe dehydration.  The man collapsed before he could be restrained and died on the way to Site-210b.

**AUDIO LOG**

Recording from Captain Rausch, radio message to Site-201b command. Portions translated to English from Egyptian Arabic.

[BEGIN LOG]

**Capt. Rausch:** "Dispatch, this is Captain Rausch. Reporting from...just outside Timashevsk. I think we found the missing guy from the Cairo outbreak. We've been following him for a bit in order to gather the data you requested. He's acting pretty erratic and we're worried for his safety. We can't let him keep walking like this."

Heavy winds can be heard alongside the shuffling of feet. The sound of soft, frightened mumbling slowly increases in volume as Captain Rausch gets closer to the subject.

**9703-1-Cairo-15:** "It's all going to burn, all of it. It's already burning. Scorching the Earth. It's safe in Siberia; nowhere's safe. It's always cold there. Not cold enough. Nothing gets through the cold there. Must reach...Siberia."

Sergeant Tenebre approaches 9703-1-Cairo15.

**Sgt. Tenebre:** "Whoa, slow down, partner. You're safe, we've got you. Look, it's only 29 degrees out here."

The sergeant shows 9703-1-Cairo15 a display with a temperature sensor showing 29 degrees Celsius.

**Sgt. Tenebre:** "You're not going to burn out here, maybe a sunburn at best."

**9703-1-Cairo15:** "You don't understand, the flames are moving, always moving, chasing you. No matter where you go...can't get away from them. Can't you see I've already burned?"

9703-1-Cairo15 can be heard rolling up his sleeves. 

*Sergeant Tenebre reports the victim was attempting to show him a non-existent burn on his forearms.

Sergeant Tenebre places his hand on 9703-1-Cairo15's shoulder in an effort to calm him.

**Sgt. Tenebre:** "I guarantee you you're safe. Look around, there's nothing but sand and concrete. You don't even feel hot to me."

The man flinches and begins gibbering in fear.

**Capt. Rausch:** "Sergeant Tenebre, back off. This isn't helping. Agitating him is the last thing we need right now."

The sound of equipment suddenly shuffling is heard as 9703-1-Cairo15 aggressively grabs Sergeant Tenebre's vest. A struggle breaks out and members of Clarion Call can be heard shouting.

**9703-1-Cairo-15:** "WE'RE ALL GOING TO BURN, DON'T YOU GET IT!? The flames can't be stopped!"

**Sgt. Tenebre:** "Woah woah, get off of me, we're here to help you!"

**9703-1-Cairo15:** "You can't help anyone. We'll all be turned to ash!!!"

Sergeant Tenebre initially struggles to subdue the 9703-1-Cairo15 but is eventually able to throw him to the ground. 9703-1-Cairo15 hits the ground and the sound of bone crunching on concrete is heard. The recording goes silent apart from desert winds. After a few moments, Captain Rausch begins shouting orders.

**Capt. Rausch:** "Biggs, Canton, check the civilians vital signs. Tenebre, call for a medevac. Everyone else, eyes open, keep the AO clear." 

**Sgt. Tenebre:** "Oh shit..oh shit..."

Sergeant Tenebre's voice is shaky. Clicks of clasps and shuffling of radio equipment can be heard as he fumbles with the radio.

**Capt. Rausch:** "Sergeant. Sergeant! TENEBRE! God damnit pay attention."

**Sgt. Tenebre:** I...I...I...I'm.....we should've grabbed him....days ago...."

Sergeant Tenebre loses his grip on the radio and it smashes to the ground. Static bursts are heard in between clattering sounds. The transmission from this point on becomes intermittent.

**Capt. Rausch:** "Oh for [signal dropped] sake, give me that. Command, [signal dropped] Captain Rausch with Clarion [signal dropped] Medevac asap at....shit what are our coordinates."

**Cpl. Biggs:** "Captain, he's got [signal dropped] pulse."

**Capt. Rasuch:** "What?! [signal dropped] waiting for me [signal dropped] to start CPR? Keep that man alive!"

**Cpl. Biggs:** "Yes, Captain."

**Sgt. Tenebre:** "No no no no."

**Capt. Rasuch:** "Tenebre, get it together. Get [signal dropped] location immediately. We're not losing this one."

[END LOG]

Clarion Call was able to retrieve 9703-1-Cairo15 and bring him back to Site-201b. Unfortunately, the man died on his way to containment. An autopsy is pending. Preliminary examination indicated 9703-1-Cairo15 died due to exhaustion and malnutrition, compounded by blunt force head trauma. Sergeant Tenebre has been temporarily placed on administrative leave, and Captain Rausch has recommended that he be given a psychological evaluation.

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** command@site-201b.net

**From:** khalslip@site-201b.net

**Subject:** Cairo Incident

---

I've been reviewing the reports from Cairo and found it interesting that the victims chose to head off in different directions. Based on some deductive vector plotting and comparing it to the average walking speed of humans, we've been able to ascertain that all 15 of these individuals were infected at a similar, if not the same location. It then poses the question of why they chose to go different places and why some of them decided various methods of temperature control were acceptable. It is interesting to compare to our deceased individual who clearly had a grander idea of what constituted a 'cold enough' location. I would like to request testing against some the remaining 14 individuals, in a controlled manner of course. We have not yet finished the round of amnestic treatment on them and I believe we could glean some important information on how this affects the behaviour of infected persons. 

- Dr Halslip, Lead Researcher

@@ @@

**To:** khalslip@site-201b.net

**From:** command@site-201b.net

**Subject:** Re:Cairo Incident

---

Unfortunately, we have to deny your request to test on 9703-1-Cairo 1 through 14. Especially considering the incident caused by Sergeant Tenebre during the apprehension of 9703-1-Cairo15, your department is currently under a bit more public scrutiny throughout the Foundation then I or the rest of site admin would like. Any testing you do must be conducted safely within Site-201b. Remember, undue loss of life or excess trauma inflicted on victims invites greater attention. Secrecy is paramount over improving containment methods or enhancing our understanding of the anomaly. The situation has not yet escalated to a point that we need to take drastic measures.

Please feel free to schedule a review if you feel this deserves more discussion. Remember, your unit is a guest at our site and has been given quite a lot of resources. Those privileges can be revoked at any time.

- Site 201b Command Liaison

</details>

---

**Incident Report**

> 9703-1-D

> Date of Incident: January 22nd, [DATA EXPUNGED]

> Area of Incident: Fairbanks, Alaska

> Area of Effect: Confined to the USGS Research Station

> Total Affected Individuals: 7 (1 contained). One individual is currently at the Site-201b morgue. Six individuals could not be found and have been deemed lost.

A group of researchers at a USGS site in Fairbanks, Alaska were reported missing at 0800. The broadcast technician stationed at Provisional Site 4000 was unable to catch the incident while it was occurring. Elsewhere in the facility, a junior researcher was viewing the same broadcast. They were found attempting to claw their way through the walls of the cafeteria before being subdued. Fellow research staff who had been briefed on 9703 recognized this behaviour as indicative of an outbreak. They alerted Site-201b who were then able to verify a transmission event had occurred. 

After receiving the dispatch call, an aggressive blizzard blanketed the region, rendering Clarion Call unable to respond in time. MTF Delta-14 “Winter Wonderland” had to be dispatched to attempt recovery and containment. A thorough search of the region was conducted but the MTF was unable to locate six of the 9703-1-D instances. After 8 hours of operation, Delta-14 located the corpse of 9703-1-D7. The instance was a female, aged 47. She was found frozen in a snowbank in a walking position. Measurements taken from the angle she was facing and the location of footsteps in the snow allowed researchers to create a vector that aimed at the North Pole, implying that she was attempting to reach it on foot. Her body was taken to the Site-201b morgue for autopsy.

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** command@site-201b.net

**From:** khalslip@site-201b.net

**Subject:** Cairo Incident

---

I know you are concerned about the USGS probe. It's never fun when the federal government tries to strongarm their way in to our affairs but I assure you we can easily handle them. The propaganda machine is already running full speed, it will be sorted before they find anything.

Onto the incident itself, it was in a particularly extreme biome and I stand by calling in the MTF. Without their expertise, I doubt we would have even found the single corpse we did. This is yet another data point showing that we need more resources, we clearly need to train Clarion Call members to more effectively use their equipment and improve response times. This is merely an operational failure that we can solve with the right funding.

I do think it is notable that the victim we did recover appeared to be marching towards the North Pole. It appears clear that the pathogen provides some sort of 'temperature compass' to the infected. From our most recent exposure studies, victims always oriented towards the coldest areas relative to where they were infected, rather than the objectively coldest place on the planet. On this note, I would like to advise we send a memo to NASA to make sure that the astronauts on the ISS cannot view weather reports. Not that they would need them but I worry about a scientist on the space station watching some news from home and suddenly opening the air locks.

Lastly, I would again like to request we do some specific testing on the next batch of individuals we recover. Our monitoring team hasn't been able to identify outbreaks fast enough for us to reliably prevent them from infecting people. We've been mostly successful preventing loss of life and our amnestic treatments appear to cure infection. The treatment takes time, however, time that we don't have. If you could authorize some supervised testing I'm sure we could come up with some actually effective containment procedures.  

- Dr Halslip, Lead Researcher

@@ @@

**To:** khalslip@site-201b.net

**From:** command@site-201b.net

**Subject:** Re:Fairbanks & USGS Inquiry

---

The calling in of Delta-14 was not the issue here, Doctor. It's the fact that we have already given you enormous leeway and constantly acquiesced to your request for more resources. Only for a failure of this scale to occur when we had almost immediate notice! We almost lost someone at Provisional Site-4000. This shouldn't be affecting our staff in the first place. I worry your methods are faultier than you are presenting them as. 

You argue that we don't have time but this is only the 6th incident this year. While the effects have the potential to be devastating, outbreaks are not ocurrring often enough to warrant an extreme response. The Foundation has already setup a response team specifically for this directly under your command. You have been given far more authority than a researcher of your station is usually granted and you have not yet proven it deserved. Please do not ask for testing on members of the public again. This is your second warning.

Please forward your theories on this 'temperature compass' to the Department of Anomalous Ontology. They may have some insight or suggested research that could prove fruitful. We will be checking in with marketing to make sure the USGS has been handled. 

- Site 201b Command Liaison

</details>

---

**Incident Report**

> 9703-1-Quito

> Date of Incident: December 24th, [DATA EXPUNGED]

> Area of Incident: Quito, Ecuador

> Area of Effect: Town Square +/- 5 km

> Total Affected Individuals: 100 (99 contained). 56 made a full recovery after 3 weeks in containment, pending release after psychological review. 10 are still in containment and are to be watched by a rotating staff of guards and a psychological supervisor. 33 died by walking into the ocean and drowning themselves. The bodies have been recovered. 1 individual died while in containment.

Transmission of this event was sudden and explosive. At 1345, during a celebratory event in downtown Quito, 100 individuals were exposed to a 9703 broadcast that took over a live stream being projected onto a wall in a public square. Chief Broadcast Technician Alvarez at Site-201b was able to notice this broadcast as it occurred and alerted Ecuadorian Foundation sites and Clarion Call. In the process of placing these calls, Technician Alvarez began exhibiting symptoms of a 9703 infection, suddenly removing their tie and outer layers of clothing. They were able to maintain lucidity long enough to shout for help, at which point local site security restrained them. Technician Alvarez is currently being administered a dose of Class B amnestics, partially as an experiment to see how effective it is in treating 9703 infection compared to the previously more cautious dose.

On site in Quito, a large group of affected persons immediately began racing towards the nearest body of water. Clarion Call and local response teams arrived in the region at 1410. Around half of the infected persons were able to be contained relatively swiftly, but a large remainder of them split off in different directions, leading to teams dividing attention in order to restrict movement. Containment of the immediate area took two days. During that time, about a third of the affected individuals were lost and only found once a news report from a radio station in Esmeraldas reported seeing dozens of people walking into the ocean and drowning. Recovery efforts were made resulting in 33 bodies being found. All 33 have been confirmed having exposure to the pathogen in Quito.

Ten of the contained instances are still attempting to escape containment and have been refusing food and water. Attempting to care for the group has caused them to react violently, attempting to bite staff with protestations of 'bringing the fire here'. Sedation and intravenous feeding have been authorized in order to keep them healthy.

One individual, 9703-1-Quito100 was found walking in circles in the center of town. A survey of the area showed that this specific location was experiencing the effects of an unrelated anomaly from Earth's magnetic field. The instances were contained and brought to Site-201b. Eventually, they were able to break free of their restraints and proceeded to smash themselves against the walls of their cell, repeatedly screaming phrases such as: "get to the ice", it's so hot", and "we're going to burn". This continued for five minutes until the individual knocked themselves unconscious. Medics arrived to resuscitate the individual, however the repetitive impact on their head caused internal trauma leading to their death.

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** command@site-201b.net

**From:** khalslip@site-201b.net

**Subject:** Equatorial Site Testing Approvals

---

The nature of this incident is interesting as the location is quite close to the Equator. This combined with the effects of the magnetic field disturbance caused one of our affected specimens to walk in circles, helping to temper the immediate effects of the pathogen. I believe this warrants further study and would like to dedicate more resources to equatorial sites to catch onset of 9703 incidents quicker. It may even be worth testing the pathogen in the area if we are ever able to contain it. 

Perhaps it would be beneficial to reroute a select few future infected to a designated location in the equator, in case an equatorial outbreak never occurs. Maybe we could even re-transmit a broadcast as we catch it to some D-class. The closest we've done to this was the junior researcher at Provisional Site-4000 but as I said in my previous email, those documents have been sealed, much to my protestations. We still have 10 active cases in containment for crying out loud. One even died while we were protecting them. Wouldn't we rather them die yielding crucial data than stuck in a containment cell?

I know this is risky but we haven't been able to find any method or reason why or when these broadcasts occur. I worry that we are rapidly approaching an incident on a larger scale than Quito. If this hits a major metropolitan area again, or something on the scale of a county, we might not have the resources to effectively prevent massive loss of life. We are undeniably unprepared and I think gaining the ability to fight back massively outweighs the loss of a few lives. 

Please think about it.

- Dr Halslip, Lead Researcher

@@ @@

**To:** khalslip@site-201b.net

**From:** command@site-201b.net

**Subject:** Re:Equatorial Site Testing Approvals

---

Dr. Halslip, you have been warned against suggesting testing anomalies against the general public multiple times now. D-Class we could approve but you have not provided a reliable method of safely re-broadcasting without putting Foundation staff at risk. We agree on providing more resources for equatorial sites but I must remind you to keep your curiosity and your ambition in check.

I do not want a repeat of what happened last time we let your leash loose. This is a poorly thought out plan and another in a string of ill conceived schemes from you. Your status as Lead Researcher is currently under review. You've done some good work while here, doctor, but that does not preclude you from disciplinary action. You are on thin ice here, Dr Halslip.

- Site 201b Command Liaison

</details>

---

**Autopsy Reports**

Autopsies were performed on the deceased instances 9703-1-Cairo15, 9703-1-D7, and 9703-1-Quito100. Aside from conditions that would naturally have been caused by the environment in which they were recovered, such as prominent frostbite in 9703-1-D7, each corpse showed no major clues on what biological or physiological effects could have caused this condition. 9703-1-Quito100 was the exception. An examination of the subject's brain tissue showed what appeared to be scarring consistent with tissue recovered from 1st to 2nd degree burns. 

---

@@ @@

  

**Memorandum Regarding Restructuring of the Site-201b Internal Response Team**  

**Ethics Committee**  

The following memo has been designated mandatory 

reading for all Foundation Site Directors. 

---

After a thorough review requested by:

* Site-201b Director Kerrin Arashim

* Cold Weather Division Chief Lindsay Alabaster

* Biological Weapons Division Director Anthony Marks

* And Internal Medicine Chief of Staff Dr. Kirby Strong

It is the recommendation of the Ethics Committee that Dr. Kennedy Halslip of Site-201b has breached the SCP Foundation code of ethics and has abused the powers granted to him by the site's administration and the greater Foundation as a whole. The loss of life and amount of trauma caused by his decisions, along with the egregious over expenditure, loss of effective research time, and misuse of Foundation resources, is far-reaching and expansive. 

The ethics committee has determined that Dr. Halslip be removed from his role as lead researcher on SCP-9703, his command over Team Clarion Call revoked, and his position be demoted to Associate Researcher on solely Safe class anomalies. In addition, Dr. Halslip's pay is to be garnished by an appropriate percentage, to be determined, to recover funds misappropriated during his time working on SCP-9703. Director Arashim will assign a replacement lead researcher to the response team within the week. All research created by Dr. Halslip is to be archived and catalogued by this new research team.

It is also the recommendation of the ethics committee that Special Response Team Clarion Call be folded into the MTF command structure, specifically as a support team for MTF Delta-14, "Winter Wonderland". Their experience working in related cases should prove useful for Delta-14's operations and provide some soft response options in similar scenarios.

---

Misappropriation of Foundation funds is an expected and common occurrence in an organization the size of the SCP Foundation. However, in this case, the combination of a researcher's unchecked ambition and desire to exert a greater degree of global influence has caused issues that could easily be mistaken for embezzlement or fraud. While the ethics committee found no evidence of such illegal conduct occurring, Dr. Halslip's actions are a gross misuse of his station. Action must be taken. 

If you or other members of your site have questions or concerns about this restructuring, please reach out to Director Arashim of Site-201b. This decision will not be appealed or reversed. There will be a small lag time as the team is rebuilt, during which time response and containment efforts may be less effective than has become standard. Thankfully, it appears as if outbreaks of SCP-9703 have been occurring less as of late. There is currently no concern by the Foundation and no danger to the public. We request your patience and cooperation while this transition takes place. 

Thank you for your concerns,  

*The Ethics Committee*  

@@ @@

---

#### MAYDAY - CODE A119

Outbreak in Progress. SCP-9703 event occurring in Portland, OR. 

Requesting immediate containment efforts. 

3Ports breach likely.

Broadcast is running on a loop, I repeat.

The Broadcast is running on a loop.

-- Broadcast Technician L. Bennett, Site-64 Media Outpost

 _

<details>
<summary>Urgent Weather Broadcast in Progress, Portland, OR. Click to connect.</summary>

</details>

 _

<< [SCP-9702](SCP-9702) | SCP-9703 | [SCP-9704](SCP-9704) >>

> **Filename:** ccc_portlandOR_broadcastCapture_03.mov (hosted on Youtube)

> **License:** CC BY-SA

> Weather Broadcast Capture, Portland, OR [DATE REDACTED] video provided by "Pumodi", under CC BY-SA
