=====

=====

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Kalam:wght@300;400;700&display=swap');

.kalam-light {

  font-family: "Kalam", cursive;

  font-weight: 300;

  font-style: normal;

}

.kalam-regular {

  font-family: "Kalam", cursive;

  font-weight: 400;

  font-style: normal;

}

.kalam-bold {

  font-family: "Kalam", cursive;

  font-weight: 700;

  font-style: normal;

}

.danke {

    padding: 5px;

    margin-bottom:10px;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.1em; 

}

.agent {

    background-color:#002200;

    border: 3px solid #55AA55;

    color: #77CC77;

}

.site {

    background-color:#222200;

    border: 3px solid #AAAA55;

    color: #DDDD77;

}

 

**SCP-9551:** The Origin of All

**Author:** 

CONTENT WARNING: Mentions and graphic description of suicide, which may be disturbing to some.

~~**Special Containment Procedures:** The anomaly is functionally uncontainable. However, it has surrendered itself into Foundation custody and remains cooperative with Foundation staff. As such, SCP-9551 is allowed to roam the facility it's contained at, provided at least 4 security guards equipped with portable Scranton Reality Anchors accompany it.~~ See revised containment measures.

**Revised Containment Procedures:** Containment no longer necessary. See Addendum 9551.12.

**Description:** SCP-9551 does not appear to have a set physical form. Rather, it changes forms depending on the person viewing it. For example, it has appeared as: 

* A dog with 7 legs and 1 arm

*  A perfect black sphereLater analysis revealed the sphere to absorb 100% of all light, visible or otherwise.

* NothingConfirmed by the [ Antimemetics Division](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/antimemetics-division-hub ) to be an antimeme.

* A rotting, unrecognizable corpse

* A grey void

* An incomprehensible mass

* An adult human male, visually in its thirties, approximately six feet tall

Across all variations of its appearance, the only consistent feature is the mild warping of reality in its immediate vicinity. This does not appear to be of any danger to either the anomaly nor any lifeforms in its vicinity.

The anomaly has expressed on multiple occasions a desire to understand human life and everything commonly associated with it. This has been demonstrated on multiple occasions, and as such, has led to more lenient behavior from the Site Director. 

**Discovery:** SCP-9551's discovery has several contradictions to it. Official documents have SCP-9551's discovery dating back to the early days of the Foundation.Potential forgery of documents ruled out by RAISA. However, the earliest any personnel can remember SCP-9551 coming into Foundation custody is 12/25/2024. ~~It is currently unknown whether or not SCP-9551 is the cause of this inconsistency, and if so, whether or not it intentionally did so.~~ See addendum 9551.3 for information regarding this phenomenon. 

To further complicate the story, the lack of a consistent appearance for the anomaly has led to several false reports of sightings before the aforementioned date.

**ADDENDUM 9551.1:**

= **INTERVIEW LOG 9551.1**

---

**DATE:**  03/17/2025

**INTERVIEWER:** Dr. Samantha Williams

**NOTES:** Dr. Williams was chosen as, to date, she is the only researcher on site who perceives SCP-9551 as human, which may help with research efforts. A small body camera attached to her clothing will be worn for additional security.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*SCP-9551 can be seen sitting straight up in its cell, staring at the wall with a blank expression.*

*Dr. Williams enters the room, and the anomaly turns to look at her.Based on Dr. Williams notes, as the footage displays no consistent form for SCP-9551.*

**Dr. Williams:** Hello SCP-9551.

**SCP-9551:** Hello Doctor Samantha Williams.

*Dr. Williams pauses for a moment before continuing. Confusion is registered on her face before she pulls out a clipboard.*

**Dr. Williams:** I didn't tell you my name. Care to explain?

**SCP-9551:** I know your designation.

**Dr. Williams:** Yes, but I'm curious as to how you know it to begin with.

**SCP-9551:** I see. My apologies Doctor Samantha Wil-

**Dr. Williams:** Just call me Dr. Williams. You don't need to refer to me by my full name every time.

**SCP-9551:** I apologize Dr. Williams. I am not familiar with language.

*Dr. Williams appears interested by this information and writes something down on her clipboard.* 

**Dr. Williams:** You're not familiar with language? Please elaborate.

**SCP-9551:** I do not understand what your question is. 

**Dr. Williams:** What makes you unfamiliar with our language?

**SCP-9551:** Not just your language. Any language.

**Dr. Williams:** Well, you speak our language quite well for someone not familiar with language.

**SCP-9551:** Humans typically express appreciation when talked to in a manner such as this, correct?

**Dr. Williams:** When complimented, yes. 

**SCP-9551:** Very well. I am appreciative of your kind words Dr. Williams.

*Dr. Williams snorts.*

**Dr. Williams:** More manners than my brother, that's for sure.

**SCP-9551:** You appear to hold some level of animosity towards this brother. 

**Dr. Williams:** ...I did not mean to say that. I apologise. 

**SCP-9551:** Is not everything done with purpose? It would seem illogical to speak of a topic you did not mean to speak of. 

**Dr. Williams:** Welcome to Earth.

**SCP-9551:** Your greeting is appreciated and reciprocated.

**Dr. Williams:** No, that's not what I... never mind. 

**SCP-9551:** Perhaps you would like to discuss your relationship with your brother.

**Dr. Williams:** No, I wouldn't. 

*SCP-9551 looks confused.*

**SCP-9551:** I do not understand why. Surely having additional people working on a problem is a more efficient way of solving the issue? 

**Dr. Williams:** I said no. 

*SCP-9551 starts rapidly shifting between forms and goes silent.*

**Dr. Williams:** SCP-9551?

*SCP-9551 continues to maintain silence. Dr. Williams laughs.*

**Dr. Williams:** Seems the concept of "the silent treatment" isn't that foreign to you. Let's give you some time to adjust. This interview is terminated for the moment.  

---

[END LOG]

**ADDENDUM 9551.2:**

The following is a note written by Dr. Williams shortly after her first interview with SCP-9551.

I'm not sure whether to spend the evening laughing, or being frustrated. Maybe both. Apparently the concept of "no" is a foreign concept. Got rather sulky when I refused to unprofessionally speak of my family issues in front of it. We'll see if we get anywhere next interview.

**ADDENDUM 9551.3:**

= **INTERVIEW LOG 9551.2**

---

**DATE:**  03/24/2025

**INTERVIEWER:** Dr. Samantha Williams

**NOTES:** This interview was initiated seven days after the interview in Addendum 9551.1 in order to give SCP-9551 time to adjust. The anomaly is noted to have significantly improved in its understanding of language.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Like before, the anomaly is seen sitting upright in its cell, staring at the wall with a blank expression. It is noted that it has returned to a more human form. As Dr. Williams enters the room, it slightly turns away. Unlike before, the anomaly appears to have consolidated its form.*

**Dr. Williams:** Hello SCP-9551. I'd like to continue our discussion from last time. 

*As before, SCP-9551 refuses to speak.*

**Dr. Williams:** This again? 

*Dr. Williams sighs before continuing.*

**Dr. Williams:** If I tell you about my issue with my brother, will you talk?

*SCP-9551 turns to face Dr. Williams.*

**SCP-9551:** I will. 

**Dr. Williams:** Oh, now you talk. 

*SCP-9551 stares at Dr. Williams.*

**Dr. Williams:** Very well. He left me behind.  

*SCP-9551 continues to stare.*

**Dr. Williams:** He ran off with some girl, leaving me behind with my two miserable parents, then never explained why when I saw him again years later. You'd think a guy who works to explain the unexplainable could do some explaining himself, but apparently not.

**SCP-9551:** So you feel that you have been abandoned by the one being you thought generated excess chemicals in their body in reference to you to leave you with the ones that do not do that for either of you.

**Dr. Williams:** ...sure.

**SCP-9551:** And so when you complimented my mannerisms previously, you were referencing your brother's refusal to explain themselves, despite working in the same line of work as you.

**Dr. Williams:** That's one way of putting it. 

**SCP-9551:** Fascinating.

*Dr. Williams flips open her clipboard to an empty page.*

**Dr. Williams:** Why don't you elaborate on that?

**SCP-9551:** As you wish.

**Dr. Williams:** Actually, before that, a quick observation. We noticed that you appear to be maintaining your human form for all to see.

**SCP-9551:** I decided this was easier for your species to communicate with.

*Dr. Williams jots that down on her clipboard before continuing.*

**Dr. Williams:** You got that right. Back on topic, you say my poor relationship with my family is fascinating. Why?

**SCP-9551:** I have no concept of "family".

**Dr. Williams:** And what do you mean by that?

**SCP-9551:** I originate from beyond this plane you call existence. As such, I am, by nature, utterly detached from all of this. 

**Dr. Williams:** Then might I ask how you're here?

**SCP-9551:** I am not. 

**Dr. Williams:** Hm. EssophysicsThe study of manifestations of concepts within reality, or other entities on a similar scale. was never my strong suit, but I get the gist of what you mean. 

**SCP-9551:** I imagine so, Dr. Williams.

**Dr. Williams:** Well, you've given me a lot to think about. Until next interview, SCP-9551. In the meantime, I have some errands to attend to.  

---

[END LOG]

**ADDENDUM 9551.4:**

The following was written by Dr. Williams immediately following the prior interview. 

That was relatively productive. From what we've discussed, its initial assertion that it wants to understand us appears to be true. I also learned that it's willing to be deliberately obstructive if it doesn't get the information it wants. In this case, that information was about my family, as irritating as that is. I suppose this job requires some degree of sacrifice. Next interview, I want to get some more information on where it comes from. It claims to be beyond this plane, so I'm curious if it's from a known higher plane, or perhaps even an undiscovered one. Either way, should be helpful to know. 

**ADDENDUM 9551.5**

= **INTERVIEW LOG 9551.3**

---

**DATE:**  03/31/2025

**INTERVIEWER(S):** Dr. Samantha Williams

**NOTES:** While SCP-9551 still struggles with the subtleties of the human language, its overall understanding has still improved remarkably, albeit it still has a tendency to take speech very literally.

---

*Dr. Williams enters the room as before and sits down.*

**Dr. Williams:** Hello SCP-9551. Been some time, hasn't it?

**SCP-9551:** No.

**Dr. Williams:** I take it that has to do with the higher plane of existence you said you came from?

**SCP-9551:** Yes. 

**Dr. Williams:** Well, I wanted to talk about that anyway. So what do you mean by "no"?

**SCP-9551:** That is a negative response to your initial question?

**Dr. Williams:** Let me rephrase. When I stated it's been some time, you said it hasn't. Why?

**SCP-9551:** I do not experience time as you do. 

*Dr. Williams pulls out a pen.*

**Dr. Williams:** Care to explain?

**SCP-9551:** You, and others like you, are beings of linear time. Time starts in one place and ends in another. That is how you perceive time. That is how you *exist*. I do not exist in the same way. I perceive time far differently, and it is certainly not a linear path for me. 

**Dr. Williams:** So how do you see it then?

**SCP-9551:** If I may analogise, your Isaac Newton conducted an experiment using light and a prism, did he not?

**Dr. Williams:** I don't see how - 

**SCP-9551:** Please do me the privilege of humoring the question.

**Dr. Williams:** Alright. Yes. He believed that white light was composed itself of 7 visible colors. To prove that, he passed sunlight through a prism, revealing 7 different colors. He also fused these colors back into white light again by passing them again through another prism. That is, of course, the simplified version. 

**SCP-9551:** Time is much like Isaac Newton's prism experiment. Just like light travels through the first prism, refracting in many different ways, leading to both visible and invisible forms of light, time too is constantly being refracted in an infinite number of directions. And just as how you only experience a small fraction of that light, or time, I experience all variations of it, all at once. I am everywhere, at everytime. It is for that reason there are so many inconsistencies with your records. My presence is irregular.

**Dr. Williams:** That is... certainly enlightening. You claim to be everywhere?

**SCP-9551:** Correct.

**Dr. Williams:** Can you explain that further?

**SCP-9551:** I am of the Origin of the light of time before it refracts though the [ Prism of the Beginning](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-343 ).

**Dr. Williams:** What?

**SCP-9551:** I come from the source. I Am Who I Am.

*Dr. Williams snorts.*

 **Dr. Williams:** “God said to Moses, “I AM WHO I AM,” and he said, “You shall tell the children of Israel this: ‘I AM has sent me to you.’” Exodus 3:14. Amusing.

**SCP-9551:** Correct. You seem familiar with the Bible.

*Dr. Williams shrugs.*

**Dr. Williams:** We deal with a lot of religious anomalies. We’re required to. So you claim to be “God”? 

*SCP-9551 thinks for a moment before speaking.*

**SCP-9551:** I am of the essence of a being you might consider “God”.

*Dr. Williams pauses a moment to write, before turning back to SCP-9551.*

**Dr. Williams:** Isaac Newton had two prisms. If the first one is the Prism of the Beginning, then the second one is...

**SCP-9551:** Correct. The [ Prism of the End](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/three-short-scenes-about-death ). The point where all shades of being converge, where all distinction ceases to be and reunites with the Undivided Origin. 

**Dr. Williams:** ...thanks for your time. This'll be a lot to comprehend. 

---

[END LOG]

That was interesting, I suppose. I've consulted with others, and, from our understanding, the anomaly appears to be some sort of manifestation of an entity that it believes to be our creator. The rest is a bit more confusing. I'll have to talk with it next interview and see if it can elaborate. The question now is whether to report this to the Site Director. Knowing him, he may assign someone else to interview the anomaly, and I'm not sure I want that. I'll think about it. 

**ADDENDUM 9551.6**

= **INTERVIEW LOG 9551.4**

---

**DATE:**  03/31/2025

**INTERVIEWER(S):** Dr. Samantha Williams

**NOTES:** While SCP-9551 still struggles with the subtleties of the human language, its overall understanding has still improved remarkably, albeit it still has a tendency to take speech very literally.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Williams enters the containment cell as before and sits down.*

**SCP-9551:** Hello again Doctor.

**Dr. Williams:** Hello SCP-9551. 

**SCP-9551:** Why do you call me that? What significance does the name have?

**Dr. Williams:** It's just a standard designation for an anomaly. 

**SCP-9551:** And what makes me an anomaly?

**Dr. Williams:** We define anomalies, simply put, as things that do not fit into the natural order of the world.

**SCP-9551:** It seems to me you have a great deal of beings contained which very much do fit into the world, and predate humanity itself. Would that not make you the anomalies?

*Dr. Williams shrugs.*

**Dr. Williams:** Not my department.

**SCP-9551:** I see. Very well. Is it your brother's department? You expressed anger towards him last time we discussed him, so I presume you've since forgiven him?

*Dr. Williams pauses briefly before responding.*

**Dr. Williams:** Let me make a couple things clear, yes? Firstly, no, I haven't forgiven him, and I never will, not after what he did. Secondly, drop it. Do not bring him up, alright?

**SCP-9551:** I don't - 

**Dr. Williams:** I said drop it!

*There's a moment of silence.*

**SCP-9551:** Very well, I will respect your wishes. 

**Dr. Williams:** Good. On a different note, why are you here? To clarify, very few of our anomalies willingly surrender themselves into Foundation custody. So what makes you different?

*SCP-9551 seemingly hesitates before answering.*

**SCP-9551:** I don't understand. 

**Dr. Williams:** What don't you understand? I can rephrase my question if you need.

**SCP-9551:** I mean that statement literally. I wish to understand the nature of things. 

**Dr. Williams:** And how does your containment here accomplish that task?

**SCP-9551:** Containment? I could leave whenever I wanted. I am here because I wish to be. 

**Dr. Williams:** My point stands.

*SCP-9551 thinks for a moment before answering.*

**SCP-9551:** We die in the dark so you can live in the light. That is the motto you live and die by. And that is precisely the point. You are the ones who understand what happens in the dark. You do not live under the illusion that the light is all there is. 

**Dr. Williams:** Sure, but we're not the only groups of interest who are aware of the existence of SCP's. So why us specifically?

**SCP-9551:** Your [ Global Occult Coalition](*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/goc-hub-page ) would rather destroy me than attempt to study me, the council's [ Chaos Insurgency](*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/chaos-insurgency-hub ) will throw the world into anarchy before they even attempt understanding, and [ Darke](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/marshall-carter-and-dark-hub ) doesn't care about anything but making money. You are the only ones who seek understanding above all else, thus you're the most suited to help me understand. 

**Dr. Williams:** But what does that actually mean? What don't you understand?

**SCP-9551:** Your world has chefs, people who make food for others. These people work for years on end to be able to craft dishes worthy of your tire awards. I do not. Anything I desire, I can create. I work for nothing. Emotion, pain, work, all are foreign concepts to me. I do not understand. I must understand. I will understand. 

**Dr. Williams:** I suppose that makes sense. Now, I wanted to follow up on our previous interview. So far as I understand, you claim to be some sort of manifestation of an entity that created "everything", if you will. Would that be a correct interpretation?

**SCP-9551:** That is correct. 

**Dr. Williams:** What I don't understand is the rest of what you said. What are these "prism's" you mentioned? 

*SCP-9551 sighs.*

**Dr. Williams:** ...did you just sigh at me? Interesting development. Anyway, I do want an answer to my question. 

**SCP-9551:** The first Prism marks the beginning of all that you perceive to be, the very principle of differentation, while the final marks the point where all that is distinct ceases to be distinct. I cannot explain it further than that. 

**Dr. Williams:** So, if I'm understanding it correctly, they - 

**Unknown: Later determined to be the Site Director.** Just what do you think you're doing? Meet me in my office. Now. 

**Dr. Williams:** ...we'll pick this up later. Thank you for your time, SCP-9551.

**SCP-9551:** Say hello to your brother on my behalf, please. 

---

[END LOG]

**ADDENDUM 9551.7** 

= **SITE DIRECTORS LOG 9551.1**

---

**DATE:**  03/31/2025

**NOTES:** The following log was recorded by a camera in the site directors office.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*The site director walks into the office, visibly angry. Dr. Samantha Williams follows behind and closes the door behind her.*

**Dr. Williams:** Sir, I can see you're angry, but if you'll just let me explain - 

**Site Director Marshal:** Oh really? Why would I be angry? Perhaps your blatant disregard of protocol?

**Dr. Williams:** Sir - 

*Site Director Marhsal rolls his eyes.*

**Site Director Marshal:** Cut the "sir" shit. I'm your brother for God's sake.

**Dr. Williams:** ...fine. Look, sometimes protocol being disobeyed is for the greater good. 

**Site Director Marshal:** The greater good? Let's not pretend this isn't self interest. 

**Dr. Williams:** Only a little. This could be a major discovery for us. Is it so bad I want to be here for it? 

**Site Director Marshal:** When it's the safety protocols you're disregarding? Yeah, it is that bad. What if you get hurt because of it?

*Dr. Williams visibly gets angry.*

**Dr. Williams:** Like you care if I get hurt. If you cared, you wouldn't have run away and left me with two people who hated me. 

**Site Director Marshal:** What? I didn't - 

**Dr. Williams:** Did you even think about me before you ran off with that fucking girl?

**Site Director Marshal:** I... of course I did. I ran away *for* you.

**Dr. Williams:** Oh, of course you did. That's why you never bothered to check in. 

**Site Director Marshal:** That's not - 

**Dr. Williams:** No. Don't say anything. We're done here. 

*Dr. Williams gets up and walks out.*

**Site Director Marshal:** Samantha!

*At this point, Dr. Williams got up and left, before heading over to SCP-9551's observation room. Site Director Marshal did not follow for approximately an hour and a half. For the sake of brevity, that duration has been cut from the log.*

*Dr. Williams is observed sitting down, watching SCP-9551 through the glass. Site Director Marshal enters the room.*

**Site Director Marshal:** May I sit down?

**Dr. Williams:** You're the site director. You can do what you want.

**Site Director Marshal:** Technically, I can't. Most of what I do actually goes through the O5's.

*Dr. Williams blankly stares at Site Director Marshal, who sits down.*

**Site Director Marshal:** Look, I came here to explain myself.

**Dr. Williams:** Don't bother. You've made your choices. 

**Site Director Marshal:** And I'm making the choice to explain myself. I just ask you listen. 

*Dr. Williams sighs.*

**Dr. Williams:** Fine. Explain away. 

**Site Director Marshal:** Our parents were miserable. We both know that. 

**Dr. Williams:** I know. After all, you left me with them.

**Site Director Marshal:** I left because I thought it was me making them miserable. I had hoped that by leaving, they would treat you far better.

**Dr. Williams:** Except they didn't. And you never bothered to check.

**Site Director Marshal:** Because I was scouted by the Foundation before that, and they insisted I cut ties with my civilian life. I stupidly accepted, changed my name to my wife's, as I believed everything was fine. That's also why I never explained anything when I saw you later.

**Dr. Williams:** And what about when I joined the Foundation too? You no longer had any obligation to cut ties with me.

*Site Director Marshal visibly hesitates.*

**Site Director Marshal:** I suppose I was ashamed of myself. I decided letting you hate me would be penance for unknowingly letting you suffer for so long. 

**Dr. Williams:** ...and what happened to your wife?

**Site Director Marshal:** ...she died last year. 

*Dr. Williams is silent for 2 minutes, 16 seconds before responding.*

**Dr. Williams:** ...I never hated you. 

**Site Director Marshal:** What?

**Dr. Williams:** I never hated you. I've been angry with you for so long, but I never hated you. 

**Site Director Marshal:** But why? You should hate me. I deserve it.

**Dr. Williams:** It'd be easier if I did. I spent hours when I was younger trying to force myself to hate. But I couldn't. Before you left, you were the only person in my life I could look up to and rely on. They say you can't teach an old dog new tricks. That was one trick I never forgot.

*There's a secondary, shorter pause.*

**Dr. Williams:** I suppose now I have to either forgive you, or continue being angry. I don't know what I want to do. 

**Site Director Marshal:** I don't want forgiveness. 

**Dr. Williams:** And I don't want to spend the rest of my life angry. I can't. I'm tired of it. 

**Site Director Marshal:** So what's your decision?

**Dr. Williams:** I... I don't know. People often say that anger is a poison that burns your soul, or something like that, anyway. What if I've been angry so long that it's part of who I am now?

**Site Director Marshal:** Hey now, that's not fair to you. Come here.

*Site Director Marshal pulls Dr. Williams into a hug. Dr. Williams does not pull away.*

**Site Director Marshal:** Look, you are who you are. But who you are is up to you. No-one can tell you who you want to be. So I'll ask you instead: who do you want to be? What do you want for yourself?

*Dr. Williams is silent, before sitting up again and sighing.*

**Dr. Williams:** I don't think I can forgive you yet. But I want to start trying. I really do.

**Site Director Marshal:** You're sure that's what you want?

*Dr. Williams nods.*

**Dr. Williams:** I'm sorry about your wife. 

**Site Director Marshal:** ...me too.

**Dr. Williams:** So what about SCP-9551?

**Site Director Marshal:** Do you really want to continue your work with it?

**Dr. Williams:** I do.

**Site Director Marshal:** I do have to submit my findings. However, I can request that you remain assigned to the anomaly. I'll do that on the condition you agree to have me, and 2 guards accompany you. Deal?

**Dr. Williams:** ...deal. I suppose we should get on with our other tasks. 

**Site Director Marshal:** I suppose we should.

*Before Site Director Marshal leaves, Dr. Williams calls him.*

**Dr. Williams:** Duncan? I appreciate you explaining things to me.

**Site Director Marshal:** And thank you for listening.

[END LOG]

Dr. Williams wrote the following 27 minutes after her discussion with the Site Director.

People are flawed. That is true of everyone. What's not often recognized is that everyone has a flaw that stands above the rest, that holds them back more than any other. Not everyone knows what it is. I found out today that mine is that I'm perhaps too quick to judge without knowing the full story. Thanks to that, I've spent years angry at my brother. Perhaps this deal of ours helps get some time back, but I doubt my brother will stop hating himself any time soon.  

**ADDENDUM 9551.8**

**Note:** The anomaly was granted permission to request certain freedoms in the interest of keeping its cooperation. The following is a list of requested items and their approval status. 

| Request | Approval Status | Additional Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| A computer with internet access | Denied | Potential global threat if the anomaly can exhibit memetic properties |
| A gaming console | Approved(contingent) | Only if games are strictly single player |
| A variety of fiction and non-fiction books | Approved | N/A |
| Ability to leave the cell | Approved(contingent) | If accompanied by 4 gaurds with SRA'sScranton Reality Anchors. SRA's maintain a steady [ hume](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/and-this-one-explains-humes ) level in the surrounding area, making ontokinesis, colloquially know as reality bending, extremely difficult. |
| A varietal of foods from all different taste categories | Approved | N/A |
| Access to Foundation technology for study | Denied | Request is too broad |
| A variety of analog games and personnel to play with | Approved | D-Class and Foundation personnel on break approved for interaction with supervision from security |
| Movies and tv shows on DVD from a variety of cultures | Approved | D-Class and Foundation personnel on break approved for interaction with supervision from security |
| A more comfortable bed | Approved | N/A |
**Final Notes:** *Most of SCP-9551's requests were pretty reasonable, thankfully. And all of them appear to align with the anomaly's stated goal of understanding. So, happy to oblige them.*

**ADDENDUM 9551.9**

= **INTERVIEW LOG 9551.4**

---

**DATE:**  04/07/2025

**INTERVIEWER(S):** Dr. Samantha Williams, Site Director Duncan Marshal

**NOTES:** N/A

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Williams and Site Director Marshal enter the anomalies containment cell together, Dr. Williams holding the clipboard. SCP-9551 is noted to look more dejected than any previous interview. Site Director Marshal addresses Dr. Williams.*

**Site Director Marshal:** I'll only interject if I feel the need to. Otherwise, just carry on as normal.

*Dr. Williams nods.*

**Dr. Williams:** Good evening, SCP-9551.

*SCP-9551 is unresponsive.*

**Dr. Williams:** SCP-9551?

**SCP-9551:** This variation is deeply flawed. I confess disappointment.

**Dr. Williams:** What?

**SCP-9551:** You humans have so much potential, yet you all seem so set on the goal of hurting each other as much as you can. Is this your meaning?

*Site Director Marshal speaks up.*

**Site Director Marshal:** Of course not. Not everything we do is put towards hurting each other. We have artists, actors, chefs, scientists, biologists, doctors, athletes, and more. We're more than that. 

**SCP-9551:** Perhaps you are, and yet, your Foundation, and the other organizations like it.

**Dr. Williams:** What about us?

**SCP-9551:** You have more than enough power to guide humanity into a more peaceful age, and yet, despite all that power, you refuse to act on it.

**Site Director Marshal:** There are rules to follow. We cannot exert our own will on the natural order of things.

**SCP-9551:** And who decides what that natural order is?

**Site Director Marshal:** I'm afraid that's - 

**SCP-9551:** Yes, it was your organization, based on some [ arbitrary set of rules](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/wjs-proposal ) that was also set by this organization. Many of these beings you call "anomalies" were inhabiting this Earth for many millennia before anything even resembling a human ever set foot on it.

**Dr. Williams:** If you know that, then you know why we don't do that. Society itself would collapse if they knew what we knew.

**SCP-9551:** A forest fire leaves room for new growth once it's finished burning down the forest. And the forest is all the better for it. 

**Dr. Williams:** But - 

**SCP-9551:** I am present across every possible variation of every possible moment of time. Your Foundation has been through that exact moment many, many times. I assure you, they haven't destroyed society yet. 

**Site Director Marshal:** That's - 

**SCP-9551:** I come seeking meaning, and I find this instead. 

*There is a pause before Dr. Williams speaks.*

**Dr. Williams:** Why come here then? If you truly exist as you do, then would you not be aware of our status?

**SCP-9551:** When you see everything, you see nothing. And I cannot defy the whole any more than you can. 

**Dr. Williams:** Can you clarify on that? 

**SCP-9551:** We all have functions, doctor. Mine appears to have been to realize this variation's failure. Perhaps chaos itself is meaning?

**Dr. Williams:** We are not failed. We - 

**SCP-9551:** Your Foundation's issue is that you cannot comprehend a world outside of your control. You must have absolute order. To do this, it labels everything it doesn't understand as an anomaly, something to hide away, and yet, fails to consider that almost everything is outside its limited understanding.

**Site Director Marshal:** That's hardly fair. There's more to us than that.

**SCP-9551:** Fair, Site Director? Was it fair when you left your sister?

*Site Director Marshal appears upset by the anomaly's words, while Dr. Williams gets visibly angry.*

**Dr. Williams:** Please don't speak to my brother that way, SCP-9551.

*SCP-9551 appears surprised by Dr. Williams' outburst.*

**SCP-9551:** You would defend your brother after all that's happened?

**Dr. Williams:** He's family. Of course I would. 

*SCP-9551 stares blankly at Dr. Williams momentarily before, for the first noted time on record, laughing.*

**SCP-9551:** Fascinating. I am quite pleased you two have finally reconciled.

**Dr. Williams:** We're getting there. I will be noting you laughing. That's certainly a first.

**SCP-9551:** Yes. My thanks for teaching me the joys of laughter, Dr. Williams. Perhaps there is more to you humans than I thought.

**Site Director Marshal:** Yes, there is.

**Dr. Williams:** Duncan, we should end things here.

**Site Director Marshal:** If you believe so, then let's do it.

*SCP-9551 smiles as they leave the room.*

---

[END LOG]

**Final Notes:** SCP-9551 remained smiling for exactly thirty minutes after the conclusion of the interview.  

**ADDENDUM 9551.10**

= **DR. WILLIAMS LOG 9551.1**

---

**DATE:**  04/07/2025

**SUBJECT(S):** Dr. Samantha Williams, Site Director Duncan Marshal

**NOTES:** The following log takes 30 minutes after the conclusion of Interview Log 9551.4, and follows Dr. Williams' actions.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Williams and Site Director Marshal enter the cafeteria, grab a tray of food, and sit down. There is a momentary pause before Site Director Marshal speaks.*

**Site Director Marshal:** Did you mean it?

**Dr. Williams:** Mean what?

**Site Director Marshal:** What you told SCP-9551? 

**Dr. Williams:** I did.

**Site Director Marshal:** Thank you. 

**Dr. Williams:** No matter what, you're family. No matter if I hate you, I still love you. Not that I hate you, but you get the gist of it.

*Site Director Marshal laughs.*

**Site Director Marshal:** Yeah, yeah, I got it.

*Dr. Williams nods. A few more moments of silence pass.*

**Site Director Marshal:** This reminds me of when we were younger. Eating dinner up in our room together.

*Dr. Williams smiles.*

**Dr. Williams:** That I do remember. Didn't we hang around at the window, watching Ms. Perkins TV cause our parents wouldn't let us watch ours?

**Site Director Marshal:** Our neighbor? Yeah. I'm still convinced she knew we were watching and she kept moving it closer to the window for us.

**Dr. Williams:** Ms. Perkins? Oh come on, that crusty old lady would never do that. 

**Site Director Marshal:** I'm telling you, that's exactly what happened. 

*Dr. Williams snorts and shakes her head, before looking away. A few minutes of silence pass before Dr. Williams speaks up.*

**Dr. Williams:** Duncan? 

**Site Director Marshal:** Yeah?

*Dr. Williams hesitates.*

**Dr. Williams:** I forgive you.

**Site Director Marshal:** What?

**Dr. Williams:** It's just not worth it being angry at you forever. You don't need to beat yourself up anymore.

*Dr. Williams gets up and hugs Site Director Marshal.*

**Dr. Williams:** And I'm sorry for... myself. 

**Site Director Marshal:** I - 

**Dr. Williams:** Please excuse me. There's something I need to do. 

*Dr. Williams leaves the cafeteria in a rush, before heading towards SCP-9551's containment cell and entering.*

**SCP-9551:** Hello doctor. You're back soon.

**Dr. Williams.** Earlier you mentioned our lack of understanding. 

**SCP-9551:** I did yes.

**Dr. Williams:** So help me understand. I can't improve anything if you don't understand anything.

*SCP-9551 smiles.*

**SCP-9551:** I see. Your brother.

**Dr. Williams:** Yes. 

**SCP-9551:** How interesting. You forgave him.

**Dr. Williams:** How did... oh, right. Can you help me or not?

 **SCP-9551:** I can.

*Site Director Marshal enters the room with two guards.*

**Site Director Marshal:** Samantha!

*SCP-9551 vanishes and rematerializes in front of Dr. Williams, before tapping her on the head with its finger. Dr. Williams immediately collapses.*

**Site Director Marshal:** What the fuck did you do to my sister!? 

**SCP-9551:** I did as she asked, and granted her understanding. Her mind could not handle it and shut down.

**Site Director Marshal:** Guards, get my sister. We're going. As for you, this isn't over.

*The guards pick up Dr. Williams. Site Director Marshal and the guards quickly leave the room.*

---

[END LOG]

**Final Notes:** Dr. Williams remained unconscious for nearly 2 weeks following the events described in the log.

**ADDENDUM 9551.11**

Dr. Williams remained in her room for the following 12 days following the events described in Addendum 9551.9, during which nothing of note happened. On day 13, Dr. Williams was found dead in her room, large lacerations in both wrists. An audio transcription created by Dr. Williams prior to her death was found on her desk, attached below. Additional notes have been added in post to help with reading comprehension. From the manner of speech in the transcription, it's clear that Dr. William's psychiatric damage went far deeper than initially realized.

I can't get it out of my head. I can't can't can't. My head hurts. But my brain won't let go, won't let me forget. What's the point really? Why should we continue? Why should anything be anything be anything?

The Foundation loves loves loves their descriptions. *A slapping sound is heard, presumably Dr. Williams hitting herself in an attempt to maintain sanity.* Focus. Focus. Just focus. Describe it. Describe what you saw. What you saw... *Another slap. Dr. Williams makes a groaning sound before addressing the computer directly.*

Duncan. You'll blame yourself. Please don't. Blame... I don't know. Don't blame yourself is the point. *Dr. Williams winces.* Right. Description. Describe. Describe. 

*Dr. Williams is silent.*

*The silence continues.*

*The silence continues.*

*The silence continues. Dr. Williams finally speaks up.*

I saw... I saw it all. I saw... everything. I saw what SCP-9551 sees. I watched and watched and could do nothing, because SCP-9551 can do nothing. I saw a [ Crimson Flame](*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-darkness-after ) making its way though a Garden beautiful beyond description, reducing everything it sees to cinders. I saw as the [ Prism of the Beginning](*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-343 ) started Creation's unstopabble march towards the [ Prism of the End](*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/three-short-scenes-about-death ), and saw as they were revealed as the same. I saw a realm of pure possibility, an Alpha Plane, and the [ Gods](*https:*wanderers-library.wikidot.com/what-is-a-god ) who inhabit it as it emanated down, shaping shape, shaping everything. I saw other existences of the Garden, where [ thought forms](*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6820 ) attempted perfection, where a [ lonely star](*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3812 ) ascended, where a [ sentient story](*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3143 ) attempted to solve its own existence. But far above it all, I saw IT. I saw the Origin, the first beginning, the final end, the divergence and convergence, the indifferent, the Truth, the [ original essence](*https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unus_mundus ). 

*Crying.* I saw too much. My head hurts. Please help me. Please. It hurts so much. Plea-

At this point, the transcription ended, presumed to have been caused by Dr. Williams accidentally. This was the final communication from Dr. Williams before her death. 

**ADDENDUM 9551.12:**

= **INTERVIEW LOG 9551.5**

---

**DATE:**  04/20/2025

**INTERVIEWER:** Site Director Duncan Marshal

**NOTES:** Site Director Marshal decided to personally conduct this interview against the advice of Foundation assigned therapists.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Site Director Marshal opens the door and walks in, pausing for a moment with the door open, as if expecting someone else. His face momentarily contorts as he closes the door and sits down.*

**SCP-9551:** Evening, site director.

*Site Director Marshal grunts in greeting.*

**SCP-9551:** I am sorry about your sister.

**Site Director Marshal:** ...my sister is dead. 

*Something approximating pity crosses the anomaly's face.*

**SCP-9551:** I know. She has left this plane for a higher one. A better one. She is at peace.

*Site Director Marshal's face visibly contorts with anger and he starts yelling.*

**Site Director Marshal:** It's your fault she's dead!

**SCP-9551:** I did as she asked, and granted her understanding.

**Site Director Marshal:** She was my sister you dumb shit! She was my sister and you fucking killed her. You - 

*Site Director Marshal breaks down crying. A few minutes pass before Site Director Marshal gets a hold of his emotions. He addresses SCP-9551in a monotone voice.*

**Site Director Marshal:** I apologise. That was unprofessional. 

**SCP-9551:** Why do you cease your showcase of emotion? Is that not a denial of your own being, a refusal to show yourself to others?

**Site Director Marshal:** What?

**SCP-9551:** I mean what I said.

*Site Director Marshal is quiet for a moment.*

**Site Director Marshal:** I want to blame you, you know. For my sister's death. I want to look at you and say it's your fault, that it's all your fault.

**SCP-9551:** And?

**Site Director Marshal:** I can't. I just see my sister forgiving me, even after all I'd done, and I see her choices. I can't even be angry at you. But what am I without it? What am I without my sister? Why - 

*Site Director Marshal's voice cracks and he quiets.*

**SCP-9551:** Go on. 

**Site Director Marshal:** ...why did she have to die?

**SCP-9551:** She didn't.

 **Site Director Marshal:** What are you - 

**SCP-9551:** Let me finish, please. 

*Site Director Marshal pauses, before nodding in agreement.*

**SCP-9551:** Your sister was an intriguing entity, as are all you humans. She so clearly held great contempt for you, yet leapt to your defense. A highly self-contradictory, yet fascinating phenomenon. And I think I began to understand it there. But not yet. Certainly not yet. 

**Site Director Marshal:** Understand what?

**SCP-9551:** Then, later on, she forgave you. After all that had happened, she chose to forgive you, rather than live in that state of contempt any longer. And finally, there's her choice to understand. And I finally understood myself. I understood meaning.

**Site Director Marshal:** And what's that?

**SCP-9551:** I said before. I am present across all possible variations of every possible moment of time, and as such, I see everything, but at the same time, I know nothing because of it. You are not like that. You have choice. That is your meaning. You can exercise your will, make good choices, make bad ones. I envy that freedom. Your sister did not have to die because she didn't have to do anything at all.  

**Site Director Marshal:** And that's supposed to make me feel better?

**SCP-9551:** That is precisely the point. What route you go is up to you. Feel terrible, so bad you want to rip your heart out rather than continue feeling that way, and yet, continue on because you must. Or move on. The choice is yours. Ignis aurum probat.

**Site Director Marshal:** Fire tests gold, adversity tests strong men.

**SCP-9551:** Correct. The question is, will you take the heat, or will you melt in the forge?

*Site Director Marshal is quiet, appearing sad.*

**Site Director Marshal:** But what am I without her? What if I crack?

**SCP-9551:** The Japanese have an art called Kintsugi. They take precious minerals such as gold or silver, and repair the cracks in their pottery to create something more beautiful than before. Perhaps take a page out of their book.

*There's another moment of silence.*

**Site Director Marshal:** And my sister is really at peace?

**SCP-9551:** You have my word.

*SCP-9551begins to fade from view.*

**Site Director Marshal:** What's this? What are you doing?

**SCP-9551:** I have found what I came for. Goodbye director. May we meet again

*SCP-9551 smiles before disappearing completely.*

---

[END LOG]

**Final Notes:** No contact has been made with SCP-9551 since the events described above.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>The End</summary>

*A pair of two dance*

*They laugh and smile together*

*A doctor at peace*

</details>

It is unknown how this log was attached to the document. Any attempts to edit or delete it have been met with failure.

<< [SCP-9550](SCP-9550) | SCP-9551 | [SCP-9552](SCP-9552) >>

> **Filename:** ticonderoga-icon.svg

> **Name:** ticonderoga-icon.svg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/more-acs-icons

> **Name:** Quote from Exodus 3:14; World English Bible

> **Translator:** Michael Paul Johnson

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [ World English Bible](*https://www.biblegateway.com/versions/World-English-Bible-WEB/#vinfo )
