"Oh Susannah" by  

@@ @@

[ I have an Author Page!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/mister-toasty)

@@ @@

**Item Number:** SCP-9361

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The structure is to be boarded up and monitored by a revolving research team, with all roads leading into it blocked off. Further exploration and investigation of the complex's interior has been deemed unnecessary. Information regarding the station's broadcast is to be suppressed, regarded as faulty equipment, or labeled a hoax.

**Description:** SCP-9361 is an abandoned radio station located 50 km west of Logan, West Virginia, United States. The station emits a broadcast that can only be received by motorists driving on Interstate 77 between the cities of Charleston and Beckley. Although the broadcast occasionally intersperses with other frequencies, thus making reception difficult, portions are still comprehensible Various recordings have been made of this broadcast and are available for personnel with Level-2 clearance or higher. . These broadcasts largely consist of a single adolescent female reciting a series of disconnected words and phrases, though occasionally a piano can be heard playing.

After receiving information concerning multiple civilian disappearances in the area, and web-crawlers compiling information regarding local urban legends, Foundation agents traced the broadcast to a derelict studio, built in 1921 and abandoned in 1957. MTF Epsilon-6 (“Village Idiots”) was dispatched to investigate, but shortly after acquiring contact, the team went completely silent. A second Mobile Task Force was assigned to discern the whereabouts of their predecessors, but were met with similar results. A remote drone was dispatched by a third task force, successfully investigating the structure's interior (video footage available).

Over two-hundred human corpses were discovered in the studio basement, with thirty identified as members of the previous Task Forces; various local civilians were also identified. The cause of death in all cases remains unknown. No other individual was discovered during the investigation, and the station was determined to have gone without power for nearly seventy years As of the time of this writing, the broadcast remains in transmission. .

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Addendum-1:** Transcriptions of various broadcasts produced by SCP-9361.

@@ @@

Late. It's today. Are you there? I've begun to water [indiscernible]. Will you be there with me? It's not much. Play in the snow. He went there.

[A piano is heard, playing scales in ascending order.]

I watched the sun go down. Where are you? It's morning. I'm [indiscernible] today. The sand. Can you go? It makes me feel like... No, no. Four. Only now. Where is he?

[Three notes on a piano are heard.]

Almost. My shoes came off. There was a garden. Mixed. Please come here. The sky is white. I love the grass. I miss you. Listen.

[Four notes on a piano are heard. The tune was identified as "Oh Susannah".]

I've gotten better. I've been practicing. Just like you asked me to. I've been practicing.

[The same four notes are heard. The broadcast became silent for nineteen hours.]

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

[The sound of a chair scraping on the floor is heard.]

Tools. Sit for awhile. Listen. It's grey. She told me the answer. He was helping me in my class. Where are you? It was cold yesterday as well. I had a dream the other night.

[Random notes are played on a piano for twelve seconds.]

The chickens got out. I only managed to catch two. I could see the rainbow through the trees. Went swimming. Then I laid in bed. I saw you. Can you [indiscernible]? Where did you go? The chimney.

[Six notes are played on a piano, identified as part of "Oh Susannah".]

I didn't feel it, but they say it happened. I heard it was supposed to end. No more fighting. I had to help wash my dress today. We're out of chalk. The sun was so red this morning. I wanted to go sailing. I miss [indiscernible].

[Ten notes are played on a piano. The eleventh is out of tune.]

I'm sorry.

[Sniffling is heard.]

I'll get better.

[Scales in descending order are played. One scale is out of tune.]

It's all we've got. Mom says.

[The broadcast is silent for three hours.]

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

 

[A low rumbling is heard. Stones are heard colliding with one another.]

Listen.

[Several high notes are rapidly played on a piano.]

It sounds like birds. You told me they'd be flying home soon. Back north. But it's snow. It's snow. It's snow.

[The same high notes are played, but more slowly.]

It's very quiet. I keep practicing. I'm taking the burlap to the store. Chop the wood and bring it with you. Trade.

["Oh Susannah" is heard playing, with several keys out of tune.]

I'm trying. I've gotten better.

[Sniffling is heard, followed by rumbling.]

Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. It is hypothesized that portions of the transmission were compulsory in nature, drawing various civilians to the station.  Help me. Where are you? You said. You said.

[Random notes are played on a piano.]

There were so many birds. You told me they'd be flying home soon. Back north. I've been practicing.

[The same note is played multiple times in succession.]

[Sniffling is heard. A soft, dry coughing can faintly be heard in the background. The transmission becomes silent for an hour.]

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

[The dry coughing returns in place of the transmission, and continues uninterrupted for nine minutes.]

[Ten notes of "Oh Susannah" are played on a piano. The eleventh note is out of tune, and is played consecutively for two minutes.]

[Five minutes of dead air pass. Sniffling can be heard.]

You said. You said. [indiscernible] Where are you?

[One minute of dead air.]

Come here. Come here.

["Oh Susannah" is attempted multiple times, with various notes out of tune.]

Please. Come here. Come here. You said. You said. Come here. There are more birds in the sky. It's getting warmer. You said. You said. Come here.

[A rumbling is heard. A dry cough is heard.]

Please. Where are you? I've been practicing. Just like you wanted. I'm getting better.

["Oh Susannah" plays in full. Half the notes are out of tune.]

When are you coming home?

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Addendum-2:** Three months after the investigation, a mine shaft was discovered near [Blair Mountain](https://www.nps.gov/articles/000/the-battle-of-blair-mountain.htm) in Logan, WV, containing fifty-six corpses. Among the recovered possessions was a faded photograph, with only the letters "S S NA" being legible.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

=====

> **Filename:** Lambertseter_radio_1931

> **Author:**   Anders Beer Wilse 

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lambertseter_radio_1931.jpg

=====

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9360](SCP-9360) | SCP-9361 | [SCP-9362](SCP-9362) >>
