=====

=====

**SCP-9087** - Night Swimming

**Author:** 

**[My Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/demolitionderpy-s-author-page)**

This article contains references to the loss of pregnancy.

**Item #:** SCP-9087

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation AIC systems are to constantly monitor CCTV networks in all affected metropolitan areas for SCP-9087 manifestations. In the case of a confirmed SCP-9087 manifestation, the nearest MTF is to be dispatched to remove the instance using a combination of solvent-based removers and abrasive blasting.

SCP-9087-A instances should not be allowed to manifest. In the case that an SCP-9087-affected individual is unable to access an open body of water, Foundation assets integrated within local law enforcement should facilitate their transport to suitable locations within 24 hours of initial exposure.

Once this 24-hour period has ceased, these individuals should be prevented from entering open bodies of water. Amnestics are to be administered to the affected individual and any witnesses following an SCP-9087-A manifestation.

SCP-9087-C instances are to be monitored.

**Description:** SCP-9087 manifests as street art depicting a humanoid-animal hybrid with irisless, pupilless eyes and an open mouth. SCP-9087 is capable of manifesting upon any exterior surface in metropolitan areas across the world. SCP-9087 is chemically identical to aerosol paint, being easily erased by standard removal methods.

Upon making visual contact with SCP-9087, any individual who has previously suffered a second-trimester miscarriage or stillbirth will be compelled to submerge themself in an open body of water, usually a canal or river, during the succeeding nighttime. This usually results in accidental death by drowning.

If prevented from ending their life in this manner, SCP-9087-affected individuals will begin to rapidly undergo symptoms of pregnancy 24 hours after visual contact is made. Within 45 minutes of symptoms beginning, they will give birth to a humanoid entity resembling the SCP-9087 artwork, designated SCP-9087-A. The SCP-9087-A instance will de-manifest once visual contact with it is broken for approximately 15 seconds. Individuals who give birth to SCP-9087-A instances will no longer have the ability to become pregnant, despite their internal anatomy remaining unchanged.

Should an SCP-9087-affected individual submerge themself in an open body of water once pregnancy symptoms have begun, they will instantly give birth to an SCP-9087-A instance. This instance will engorge to around 5x its previous size before dissipating into the water, leaving behind a broken-up mass of thin, translucent membrane and ocular tissue. This residue spreads rapidly through plumbing infrastructure; all water this tissue comes into contact with is designated SCP-9087-B. It is currently unknown what percentage of drinking water within global metropolitan areas consists of SCP-9087-B.

All children born of pregnant individuals who have consumed SCP-9087-B (designated SCP-9087-C) weigh roughly 21 grams in excess of what their true body mass should typically be. It is so far impossible to say whether SCP-9087-B induces further effects or behaviours in adolescence and adulthood. It is currently unknown what percentage of living humans are SCP-9087-C instances.

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-9086](SCP-9086) | SCP-9087 | [SCP-9088](SCP-9088) >>

@@@@

@@@@

> Image taken by me.
