=====

=====

@media (max-width: 768px) {

  .scp-image-block.block-right {

        margin: 0 0 1em;

  }

}

by [SeekGull](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/seekgull)

**Item #:** SCP-9606

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9606-1 and SCP-9606-2 are currently held in Storage Unit-12 at Site-149. Their spatial arrangement is not to be altered without authorization.

**Description:** SCP-9606 refers to the anomalous relationship between SCP-9606-1 and SCP-9606-2.

SCP-9606-1 is a marble bust depicting a male figure in formal attire. The origin is unknown.

SCP-9606-2 is a marble sculpture depicting a nude female figure leaning against a pillar. Attributed to P. Marchetti, Florence, circa 1847.

When the spatial positioning between SCP-9606-1 and SCP-9606-2 is altered, brass plaques mounted on the base of each sculpture display different inscriptions. 

> **Position:** Separate storage units

> **SCP-9606-1 plaque:** "The unblinking eye remains spotless, yet famished."

> **SCP-9606-2 plaque:** "Beyond the reach of meaning, she is simply stone."

> **Position:** Same storage unit without direct line of sight

> **SCP-9606-1 plaque:** "Set, propriety strains against the urge. Still, it yearns."

> **SCP-9606-2 plaque:** "Imposed possibility stirs the performance. The gesture awaits."

> **Position:** Only SCP-9606-1 observing SCP-9606-2:

> **SCP-9606-1 plaque:** "Desire and reverence, intertwined. His gaze wanders still."

> **SCP-9606-2 plaque:** "The hounding weight of sight warms the marble."

> **Position:** Only SCP-9606-2 observing SCP-9606-1:

> **SCP-9606-1 plaque:** "Composure worn under scrutiny. Is this devotion true?"

> **SCP-9606-2 plaque:** "The promised consort turns away, watched. Is this mercy?"

> **Position:** Both facing each other

> **SCP-9606-1 plaque:** "Beheld and beholding. Honored, yet shamefully unsatiated. Helpless, confined."

> **SCP-9606-2 plaque:** "She blooms, witnessed by one. Carved for many, bound by many."

> **During repositioning:**

> **Both plaques:** "Is nature set in stone?"

Testing of additional arrangements is ongoing.

@@ @@

]

<< [SCP-9605](SCP-9605) | SCP-9606 | [SCP-9607](SCP-9607) >>

> **Filename:** statues.png

> **Name:** Mustachioed_male_(marble_bust)_focuses_attention_on_nude_female_(life-size_marble_sculpture)_in_a_storage_room_at_the_Me_-_NARA_-_541888.jpg

> **Author:** Unknown author or not provided

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mustachioed_male_%28marble_bust%29_focuses_attention_on_nude_female_%28life-size_marble_sculpture%29_in_a_storage_room_at_the_Me_-_NARA_-_541888.jpg
