]

=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9790 

**Object Class:** Disputed  Both the Archon and Thaumiel classifications have been proposed and are currently under consideration.

**Special Containment Procedures:** A metal fence has been installed in a 5 meter radius from the hatch leading into SCP-9790 . A titanium padlock has been installed as a replacement for the previous one. Its keys are currently in the possession of the Assigned Department.

*The sealed door* is not to be opened under any circumstances. SCP-9790 -2 may be injured or terminated in the case of sudden global increase in reports of bipedal cryptids. 

Finding ways to slow or non-permanently pause the development of SCP-9790 -3 has been deemed imperative for the continued ability of the SCP Foundation to uphold the Normalcy Protocol. Introduction of disease to SCP-9790 -3 for this purpose is currently under consideration.

**Description:** SCP-9790  refers to an underground structure located on the outskirts of Minsk, Belarus. The structure first came into the attention of the SCP Foundation following a review of all catalogued Foundation properties on 24/03/2020. SCP-9790  was designated as "Site-0", with a date of acquisition listed as 30/10/1961, the records of its original owner having been redacted.

SCP-9790  can only be entered through a 5 meter long metal tunnel, descending from a hatch similar in appearance to that of a bomb shelter entrance. The main body of SCP-9790  is a concrete tunnel, 100 meters in length, containing 15 reinforced metal doors on either side. In addition, a single wooden door is present on the northern end of SCP-9790 .

Above each door is a brass plaque, 27 of them having had their text scratched out and replaced with the word "CONDEMNED" some time prior. In addition, all but 2 of the doors have been welded shut from the outside, rendering the rooms inaccessible. 

A *singular door* has had its plaque removed. The *gateway and its contents* are not to be acknowledged, designated or interacted with by any personnel, including those of the assigned Department. The *entrance* has since been welded shut. Personnel staying near the *passage* have reported smells of rotting meat and hearing a singular, constant tone emanating from inside the room.

SCP-9790 -2 refers to a pulsing mass of brown hair and biological material present in a room behind one of the two unsealed doors, with a plaque reading "Nocturnal Offspring" above its entrance. The room contains a medical bed, a heart rate monitor and an empty bedside table. The mass has been seen to twitch occassionally, before shrinking in size. At its current rate, the mass is presumed to cease existing before the year 2100. 

SCP-9790 -3 refers to a mass of human tissue resembling that of an adult male torso, though containing no organs outside of the skin and blood vessels. The plaque above the room containing it read "The Masterpiece". The room contains the same furnishing as the one housing SCP-9790 -2. SCP-9790 -3 has been observed to increase in mass by approximately 0.8% per year.

The wooden door present in SCP-9790  leads to a single office room, with a desk containing multiple documents pertaining to SCP-9790 -2 and SCP-9790 -3. In addition, a pile of ash has been found under the desk, its relevance currently unknown. The former has been handed over to the Department of Mythology and Folkloristics.

Although most documents regarding SCP-9790 -3 are highly redacted, a single page containing relevant information has been found. 

> 

> PATIENT STATUS: SERIOUS

> 

> SYMPTOMS: RED AND BLACK RASH, BLISTERS

> 

> DATE: ██/██/███

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> PATIENT STATUS: SERIOUS

> 

> SYMPTOMS: SWOLLEN LYMPH NODES, PARTIAL SKIN NECROSIS

> 

> DATE: ██/██/███

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> PATIENT STATUS: MODERATE

> 

> SYMPTOMS: FEVER, LOCALIZED SKIN NECROSIS

> 

> DATE: ██/██/████

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> PATIENT STATUS: MILD

> 

> SYMPTOMS: FEVER, HEMORRHAGE

> 

> DATE: ██/██/████

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> PATIENT STATUS: UNDECIDED

> 

> SYMPTOMS: FEVER, UNKNOWN 

> 

> DATE: ██/██/2019

> 

The implications of these documents are currently under investigation by the Assigned Department The Department of Abnormalities..

<< [SCP-9789](SCP-9789) | SCP-9790 | [SCP-9791](SCP-9791) >>
