**This article contains CWs for:** Death

⚠️ content warning ↑

.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: tran bcarent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top , 99.. , 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origiao

O ki 9 i97: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

.popup-link {

    background-color: rgba(55, 55, 55, 0.25);

}

.popup {

    border: 5px solid black;

    padding: 10px;

    position: fixed;

    left: 15%;

   bottom: 50%;

background-color:white;

    visibility: hidden;

    pointer-events: auto;

}

 .popup::before {

    content: "Translation";

    font-weight: bold;

    font-size: 135%;

    display: block;

    text-align: center;

    margin-bottom: 5px;

}

:is(.popup-link):is(:hover) + .popup, .popup:is(:hover) {

    visibility: visible;

}

.fakeprot .mailform-box .buttons{display:none;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link {padding: 0.1em 0.5em;text-decoration: none;background-color: #F4F4F4;border: 1px solid #AAA;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:hover {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:active {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-unfolded-link{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-folded{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot .passw input[type=text] {text-security:disc;-webkit-text-security:disc;-mox-text-security:disc;}

.mailform-box td:first-child {width: 80px;}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

.randomiser { display: none; }

.random-image-2 { display: none; }

  {

  .random-image-1 {

    display: none;

  }

  .random-image-2 {

    display: block;

  }

}

]

**Special Containment Procedure:**  Upon opening this document, you will be selected for the Ritual of a Thousand Hands. Any outside contact you have had will be cut off. Escape is impossible.

 For the remaining time, please read the rest of the document. We thank you for your services and have notified your loved ones of your death.

**Description:**  SCP-9380 refers to the lesser deity of violence, chaos, and firearms that you will meet - known as 'Lord Vanaman.' SCP-9380 ontologically opposes ordered structures, seeking to break all order. You will be sacrificed to sate this urge.

Followers of SCP-9380-1, or 'Vanamanism,'  depict SCP-9380 through statues or artworks as a humanoid rhesus macaque (Macaca mulatta) with 12 hands, assumed to be a simplified depiction. Furthermore, most records of SCP-9380 and SCP-9380-1 religious practices come from documentation by followers of SCP-9380-1. If you have sweets, butter, or a banana on you, please place them on the floor.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=400px

|url=http://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/lord-vanara-king-of-the-world/Ruin_temple.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=Entrance into SCP-9380-2

]]

Palm temple ~~ designated SCP-9380-2 ~~ is a non-anomalous temple located in Punjab, India, where followers of SCP-9380-1 made their pilgrimage to. Inside SCP-9380-2 are a series of artifacts and paintings related to SCP-9380. Please familiarise yourself with the image on the side. You will be brought to SCP-9380-2 for the ritual. 

**Discovery:**  SCP-9380 was first discovered after a team of archaeologists went missing in SCP-9380-2. A recovery team was sent to find the missing archaeologists. After a few hours, the recovery team also went missing. Due to this, Foundation agents took over the investigation of the disappearances at SCP-9380-2. 

**Incident log-9380-1:** On the 22/07/25, SCP-9380 breached containment. In 12 hours, over 37 Foundation sites went into lockdown. At the conclusion of the event, it was determined that 14 sites were lost. All 14 sites disappeared. It was determined that sites were destroyed by ontological erasure -  the erasing of concepts

**Addendum 9380-1:** The following is a list of artifacts discovered in SCP-9380-2 which will be used during the ritual. Please get acquainted with them:

| 'The Hand of Lord Vanaman' | A 20cm copper hand with the word 'claim' engraved on the wrist. The artefact comes from the time where 'Lord Vanaman's 12,000th hand was cut off by a wicked asura.' |
| --- | --- |
| 'Threads' | A series of 12 copper hands welded together. They were used by SCP-9380-1 followers for clairvoyance. |
| 'Cover your senses' | A bronze head that has its eyes, ears, and mouth covered by SCP-9380. The meaning of the artefact is unclear as there is no written record of its existence.  Followers of SCP-9380-1 covered their eyes, ears, and mouths as an act of respect to SCP-9380. This will happen to you in order to reduce the chance of failure. |
| 'Love' | A painting depicting SCP-9380 with his male love interest, Rishi. |
| 'The Ritual of a Thousand Hands' | A series of paintings depicting the process of the ritual.  Part of the ritual involves the 'dance of desperation.' When you arrive at SCP-9380-2, you will be given time to practice it. |
**Addendum 9380-2:** To establish a relationship with SCP-9380, read the following extracts from 'The Interlocking Fates of Lord Vanaman': 

"Lord Vanaman was known for his mischievous antics, and on the monsoon, he would enact a prank on the mortal Rishi. He would take his herd of cows and make them invisible. Once completed, Rishi was in a panic, for the cows were to be sold to a wealthy merchant. Without the money, he would go very, very hungry. When Lord Vanaman realised what fate befell Rishi, he tried to make the cows visible again. But he only scared the cows. They ran as Rishi chased behind them..."

"Feeling awful, Lord Vanaman appeared before Rishi and apologised for his misdeeds. The farmer forgave Lord Vanaman and took him inside his house for chai. As Lord Vanaman drank, he looked at Rishi preparing roti for his widowed mother. He wanted to help. So, Lord Vanaman gave Rishi a gold necklace and told him that great fortune would come to his family if he wore it. And indeed, those fortunes rained upon them..."

"It was on a certain day that Lord Vanaman traced his 64,999th hand that he saw a grim future. His lover, Rishi, would die during the Kurukshetra War. His lover would lay dead, saving the life of a man destined to survive. Lord Vanaman went to the Gods, pleading for Rishi's fate to be changed. The Gods did not budge, and resentment grew in Lord Vanaman's heart..."

"Wanting to change the course of destiny, Lord Vanaman disguised himself as a royal soldier and joined the war. He tried to use his ears to hear Rishi's voice, but only heard the clanging of blades. He then tried to use his eyes to find the golden necklaces, yet the dust made it hard to see. Afterwards, he tried calling out to Rishi, but his voice was drowned out by the mighty elephants. It was hard to keep track of anything.  But  he soon spotted Rishi. He was in combat. And as his sword struck down one foe after another, an arrow was flying towards Rishi's head. Lord Vanaman acted and pushed his lover to the side. However, Rishi was pushed into the way of stampeding horses. At the time, Lord Vanaman did not know of Rishi's death until the war was over."

"Heartbroken, Lord Vanaman carried the corpse of Rishi and created a temple for his body to lay in.  Inside, Lord Vanaman wept for three years, and cursing himself,  he proclaimed that without his lover, he would wash away the world. For those three years, the world faced a never-ending filth. It ruined the crops, poisoned the rivers, and killed thousands of humans. His followers wished for it to stop, but Lord Vanaman's sense was covered by grief's words. After the third year, Lord Vanaman left the temple, wiping away his tears. He looked out at a ruined sight. Only the temple survived. He called it Palm temple..."

"Lord Vanaman cursed the Gods. He cursed the pointless war. And he cursed himself for being unable to stop anything. With these three curses, Lord Vanaman vowed to destroy the order that had ruined so many lives. For the kingdoms that participated in the war, he took the kings and ripped them apart. For the order that conducted the war, he crushed the temples in one blow. And for the gods, he rained a thousand arrows upon them, hoping it would kill them..."

"One day, our land will scream for mercy, and Lord Vanaman will die. His cries will echo and only screams will respond. He will hunger and what will remain are crushed crops. He will wander the land and find nothing but the emptiness of our houses. And as his blood stains our Earth, he will return to the grave of his lover - Rishi - and will sleep beside him."

**Addendum 9380-3:** At this moment, please trace your palm lines. If it feels rough like a piece of thread, then please write up your last words here:

# name

 * title: Your last words:

 * type: text

 * rules:

  * required: true 

  * maxLength:100

  * minLength: 1

<details>
<summary>Send</summary>

Thank you for giving us your last words. Please remain calm and do not scream. We enjoyed your time here.

</details>

**Addendum 9380-4:**  If necessary, read the "Prayers of the Forsaken" below: 

| Do not fret, for at your last moments, he will be there with you, and carry you to your grave. |
| --- |
| If there is no one to cry for you, then he will cry in your stead. |
| Be grateful, for he will be with you every step of the way. |
| He will comfort you, you who cannot stop the waves of dread into your heart. |
| Death is not the end or the start, but the journey to the next life. |
**Addendum 9380-5:** Look at the images below. If none of them depict SCP-9380, please write your last words. If SCP-9380 is present, proceed to the next addendum.

---

<details>
<summary>What do you see?</summary>

 

---

</details>

**Addendum 9380-6:** If you have not recited  the "Prayers of the Forsaken,"  close your eyes and cover your ears for 10 minutes. You do not hear the screams of the thousands. Do not acknowledge anything. 

**Addendum 9380-7:** If you have written your last words and are still alive, lock the nearest door. If you hear the sound of a buffalo, remain quiet. If it yawns three times, your soul will be dragged to Yamaloka.  The overall name for the 28 realms of Hindu Hell. Some examples of realms include: Tamisa - where one is starved and bound by rope, Kumbhipaka - where one is cooked alive in boiling oil -, and Maharaurava - where one's flesh is eaten - and more. 

**Addendum 9380-8:** If you are reading this, you have proven your worth. Please remain at your current location until you have been captured for the ritual. Your position in the Foundation has been replaced in advance.

<< [SCP-9379](SCP-9379) | SCP-9380 | [SCP-9381](SCP-9381) >>

> **Author: Detective_O1**

> **License: CC-BY-SA 3.0**

> **Filename: Group of Temples and Hindu Monastery near Mahanadi river Kharod Chhattisgarh 025.jpg **

> **Name: Ruined Temple**

> **Author: Ms Sarah Welch**

> **License: Creative Commons Zero, Public Domain Dedication**

> **Source Link: [> **Filename:Blood.png**

> **Name: Blood.png**

> **Author: Detectiveo_1**

> **License: Creative Commons Zero, Public Domain Dedication**

> **Filename: Big Hanuman.jpg **

> **Name: Big.jpg**

> **Author: Saerin*

> **License: Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0**

> **Source Link: <https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Big_Hanuman.jpg](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Group_of_Temples_and_Hindu_Monastery_near_Mahanadi_river_Kharod_Chhattisgarh_025.jpg>**)**

> **Filename: Monkey's Hand LACMA M.2003.33.2.jpg**

> **Name: Monkey.jpg**

> **Author: Henri Charles Guérard (France, Paris, 1846-1897)*

> **License: Public Domain**

> **Source Link: [> **Filename: A Tie for a Life time.jpg**

> **Name: Tie.jpg**

> **Author: Kan202023*

> **License: Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0**

> **Source Link: <https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:A_Tie_for_a_life_time.jpg](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Monkey%27s_Hand_LACMA_M.2003.33.2.jpg>**)**

> **Filename: Arjuna Karna final battle, Kurukshetra war, 12th-century Mahabharata relief, Hoysalesvara temple Halebidu.jpg**

> **Name: War.jpg**

> **Author: Ms Sarah Welch*

> **License: Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0**

> **Source Link: [[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:A_Tie_for_a_life_time.jpg]**)]
