**Item #:** SCP-9124

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Known victims of SCP-9124 are to receive regular health checkups to mitigate any damage caused by it. All involved medical professionals have been put in contact with one another to better manage the condition. Medical literature is to be monitored for potential unknown victims.

**Description:** SCP-9124 is a shared condition wherein blood is able to pass between victims. It is known to afflict seven women, four of which have been identified conclusively. Despite the lack of physical connection between the victims, substances injected into one will appear in the bloodstream of the others some time later, ranging from minutes to weeks, and the heartbeats of each victim can be faintly detected in the others. New victims can be conclusively identified by the presence of the DNA of known victims in their blood.

The health effects of SCP-9124 are manageable. All victims have compatible blood types, so no immune response is present; however, victims have different reactions to various medications and allergens, requiring coordination on the part of their doctors. Bloodborne infections suffered by one victim are consistently passed to the others. Mind-altering substances are also a significant issue -- while all known victims have been instructed to refrain from ingesting these substances, one or more unknown victims consume alcohol and cannabis on an irregular basis, causing unplanned intoxication in all victims.

While no known victims have an innate understanding of SCP-9124's nature, all have intuited the infiltration of their body by foreign materials, demonstrating subconscious awareness through the content of their dreams, creative output, or delusions. None were aware of the corresponding exfiltration until they were informed of it.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-9123](SCP-9123) | Don't tell anyone, okay? | [SCP-9125](SCP-9125) >>
