[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=SCP-9295[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/popsioaks-garden[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments=

= **SCP-9295** - The Sand and the Sieve

]]

**Item Number:** 9295

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** All personnel are to memorize the following biographical data concerning PoI-1973:

* His name was Rajinder Singh, though he went by Roger.

* He died at home of natural causes at the age of 83.

* He had a large family, with six children and twelve grandchildren.

* One of his grandchildren is Field Agent Daman Kalsi.

* He lived in Modesto, California.

* He was capable of exercising a limited form of foresight, which was passed onto his direct descendants.

* He had a finance degree he never used after he immigrated.

* He picked grapes with his children in the fields of Central California when they first arrived.

* He displayed severe symptoms of Lewy-body dementia.

* He immigrated to the United States in April of 1977. 

* He once worked three jobs at once.

* When he passed, trees and flowers bent down.

* He was the only person who liked the "Black Ice" tree-shaped air fresheners that hang in cars.

* His favorite fast-food cookie was from McDonald's.

* He saved and read through every magazine he received in the mail, even if it was a coupon book.

* He was bad at cooking.

* After picking fruit, he cut chicken in the freezers of Foster Farms.

* In 1984, he opened a gas station, which closed. This significantly drained his family's finances.

* He then worked in the United States Postal Service until retirement.

* He did not like the taste of almonds, but grew a large almond tree in the backyard.

* He had three heart attacks, all of which he survived without any lasting impacts.

* He drove an orange Toyota 4Runner.

* He liked buying two donuts for himself with his grandkids, who each received one. He would not share them.

* He had two brothers, one of whom died of tuberculosis when Singh was four.

* He did a poor job of remembering to cancel subscriptions.

* He had never broken a bone.

* He was a very serious man. He barely laughed.

* He was not good at handling spice.

* The day he passed, many animals visited.

* He was very superstitious when it came to the evil eye or "nazar."

* He went completely bald at the age of 53 through no decision of his own.

* His favorite basketball team was Denver's.

* Only one child and two grandchildren of his were there when he passed.

* He liked to pretend that he was healthy when he wasn't.

* His grandson was a caretaker for all 9 years he was ill with Lewy-body dementia.

* He watched PBS Kids and pretended to hate it.

* He had well below-average rates of family visitation, phone calls, and general contact.

* When he passed, a number of buildings and structures turned and tilted to face his home. 

* He picked his grandchildren up from school every day.

* No one seems to care that he is gone.

**Description:** SCP-9295 is a poorly-defined K-Class scenario involving the forced collision of all physical matter on the planet, including the planet itself. All atoms will travel at the speed of light towards the next nearest atom, creating untold destruction due to the resulting nearly-infinite collisions.

SCP-9295 was discovered by Field Agent Daman Kalsi via hereditary foresight, following the death of PoI-1973. It was suggested by Kalsi that his physical proximity to the demise of PoI-1973 "supercharged" his future-telling capabilities. As such, this information could not be verified by other members of PoI-1973's family, nor by independently-contacted seers.

Field Agent Kalsi, however, has been confirmed to be telling the truth when asked about the importance of recalling the above information. The list was also contributed by him.

The number of futures in which SCP-9295 comes to pass reportedly decreases the more individuals are aware of PoI-1973. This effect is compounded if more facts about PoI-1973 are known. 

As such, Foundation resources are collecting and compiling all available information on PoI-1973 into a biography. This will be required reading for all personnel.

<< [SCP-9294](SCP-9294) | SCP-9295 | [SCP-9296](SCP-9296) >>

> **Filename:** pole.jpg

> **Name:** Leaning pylon soggy ground wind.jpg

> **Author:** B137

> **License:** CC0 1.0 Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Leaning_pylon_soggy_ground_wind.jpg
