=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9893

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9893 is kept in a modified humanoid containment chamber at Site-17. All carpeted and upholstered surfaces, save for SCP-9893's bed, have been replaced with easy-to-clean alternatives; its bedsheets require daily changing. SCP-9893 requires monthly dental cleanings and weekly psychological evaluations.

Frequent honey production has proven beneficial to SCP-9893's mood and overall stability. As such, SCP-9893 should have access to an unrestricted supply of chocolate (or other sugar-rich, non-acidic, minimally sticky foods). Likewise, materials for bottling this honey should be provided to SCP-9893. Honey produced by SCP-9893 is provided to Site-17's kitchen as necessary, with the rest given as gifts by SCP-9893 itself.

Personnel should accept any honey SCP-9893 offers to them, provided it is offered in a container or applied directly to a food item; any other proposed method of transfer should be gently rebuffed. Other offers made by SCP-9893 may be evaluated on an individual basis.

No exceptions to standard protocol beyond those explicitly laid out in official documentation are to be made for SCP-9893. Unsupervised interactions between SCP-9893 and staff are not permitted under any circumstances.

<details>
<summary>+ Show SCP-9893 Request Log</summary>

Since containment, SCP-9893 has made the following non-trivial requests:

* Permission to provide honey to personnel (##green|**GRANTED**## upon review, see containment procedures)

* Unscented shampoo and body soap (##green|**GRANTED**##)

* Reassignment of containment personnel who have "negative vibrations" (##red|**DENIED**##)

* Assignment to Site-17 kitchen staff (##red|**DENIED**##)

* Supervised access to the employee lounge (##red|**DENIED**##)

* "Any way [to] help out" (##green|**GRANTED**##; one-month trial membership as custodian's assistant)

* Candles and a lighter (##red|**DENIED**##)

* Reassignment of "evil" containment personnel (##red|**DENIED**##)

* An opportunity to record a spoken word performance (##green|**GRANTED**##; recording available upon request)

* Crayons, paper, and tape (##green|**GRANTED**##)

* Literature pertaining to candymaking (##green|**GRANTED**##)

* A concubine (##red|**DENIED**##)

* A non-anomalous wooden "magic staff" created by SCP-9893 prior to containment (##red|**DENIED**##)

* A non-anomalous wooden "magic wand" it created prior to containment (##green|**GRANTED**##)

* Rope (##red|**DENIED**##)

* A blindfold (##green|**GRANTED**##)

</details>

**Description:** SCP-9893 is a human female of apparent Mediterranean descent in its late 20s. SCP-9893 has several morphological differences from baseline humans, most notably a pair of black geniculate antennae 0.73 meters in length extending from its forehead. These antennae are under SCP-9893's conscious control and serve as tactile, olfactory, and gustatory organs. SCP-9893's irises and sclera are replaced by a smooth black surface of unknown function.

When supplied with a high-sugar diet, SCP-9893 is capable of producing honey from any of its exocrine glands. The exact biological mechanisms which allow this are unclear. Honey produced by SCP-9893 has no chemical abnormalities (save for the absence of pollen, which renders it hypoallergenic) and has been proven safe to consume. Its color, taste, and other properties are contingent on SCP-9893's diet; honey produced under its current regimen is strong, amber-colored, and tastes slightly of cocoa. It has been generally well-received by personnel.

SCP-9893 is 165 cm in height and weighs 53-59 kg; its physical abilities are about average for its size. It is fluent in Greek and conversant in English. It identifies itself as "Melithea", though it will also respond to its SCP designation.

SCP-9893 had no major health problems at its last checkup (2008-03-13); it has a history of gum disease and tooth decay owing to its extremely high sugar intake and sporadic dental care, though this has been mostly corrected since its containment. SCP-9893 possesses genetic abnormalities corresponding to the anomalies described in this document, as well as others of uncertain function.

**Addendum 9893-A:** Abridged psychological profile, compiled by Dr. Fox

SCP-9893 quickly develops strong feelings towards others, mentally categorizing them as allies or enemies based on her initial impressions of them. Her own behavior is likewise bifurcated, easily swinging between extreme generosity and overt hostility. She is subject to frequent, brief bursts of intense emotion, a tendency she is aware of and has expressed a desire to rectify.

SCP-9893 harbors numerous grandiose delusions; common themes include descent from royalty, magical properties of her honey, possession of psychic abilities, and divine status. She nonetheless performs adequately on standard tests of mental ability and is capable of rational, goal-oriented behavior.

While SCP-9893's symptoms are consistent with some established mental disorders, the causal relationship between her behavior and her anomalous properties (if any) is unknown. Formal psychiatric diagnoses have thus been deemed inappropriate. Additionally, due to SCP-9893's genetic and biological abnormalities, chemical regulation of her behavior has not been approved.

SCP-9893's stated goal in life is to bring about the triumph of "good" over "evil", which she intends to accomplish in the short term by the provision of gifts (most notably her honey, though she will frequently offer various services to those she considers "good") and in the long term through acquiring immense magical powers. Her particular spiritual beliefs do not correspond with any actual anomalous phenomena that could potentially grant her these abilities, so this latter motivation is not a cause for concern.

**Addendum 9893-B:** Subject history

SCP-9893 was found in Karyes, Greece living in a hut on the outskirts of town in 2006, where it had reportedly been living for about five years. It claims that it "shifted" to this universe in 2001, as this was "where [it] was needed most". No evidence pertaining to SCP-9893 prior to its arrival in Karyes has been found.

SCP-9893 was mostly viewed by other residents as an eccentric and minor nuisance, if they were aware of it at all. It made no effort to hide its anomalous nature; other residents ascribed its unusual appearance and abilities to cosmetics, costumery, and/or other forms of trickery.

As SCP-9893 lacked any documents that would demonstrate its identity, proof of citizenship/residence, etc. it was unable to receive government assistance or maintain formal employment. Thus, it supported itself financially by selling or bartering honey and performing odd jobs. Notably, it received unsold candy and soda for free from a local grocer, which allowed it to make a modest profit from its honey production.

SCP-9893 was the subject of multiple complaints to law enforcement, most pertaining to disorderly conduct or harassment. These cases were used by police as an excuse to extort SCP-9893 for money and other assets, rather than treated as criminal offenses. SCP-9893 described the Karyes police department as "a great stain of malevolence upon the earth" and its officers as "archdemons of greed".

On July 28th 2006, Daphne Lambrakis (age 21) was declared missing, having last been seen by her roommate two days prior. On September 13th, police located a witness in Karyes who reported seeing SCP-9893 together with Mrs. Lambrakis on the date of her disappearance. Investigators executed a search of SCP-9893's hut, where they discovered Mrs. Lambrakis bound by the wrists and severely malnourished. Medical attention was promptly issued and Mrs. Lambrakis eventually made a full recovery.

Mrs. Lambrakis stated that she encountered SCP-9893 during an unplanned stop in Karyes. SCP-9893 then lured her to its hut, restrained her, and fed her exclusively honey for about six weeks. SCP-9893 repeatedly detailed to Mrs. Lambrakis its intent to embalm her in honey, then later reincarnate into her body as an "empowered being".

SCP-9893 was arrested for kidnapping; in the course of processing SCP-9893, law enforcement discovered that SCP-9893's anatomical anomalies were genuine and documented them as such; the description triggered a standard intervention by the Foundation, during which SCP-9893 was taken into Foundation custody.

**Addendum 9893-C:** Incident 9893-31

Sometime in February 2009, SCP-9893 began to seduce Agent Wilkins, a member of its containment team. Later that month, the two arranged to covertly meet in SCP-9893's containment cell overnight. In preparation, Wilkins tampered with the surveillance system to send looped input to the cameras in SCP-9893's cell; while this prevented immediate discovery of their rendezvous, the events of Incident 9893-31 prompted the recovery of backup footage.

On March 28th at 9:30 PM, Wilkins entered SCP-9893's containment cell as planned. The two then engaged in sexual activity. At 11:12 PM, Wilkins put on SCP-9893's blindfold (see request log). Following this, SCP-9893 placed its fingers in Wilkins's ears and exuded honey at a rate sufficient to puncture her eardrums, severely disorienting her. SCP-9893 retrieved its wand (which it had covertly sharpened into a shiv, likely over an extended period of time) from its chest of drawers and stabbed Wilkins repeatedly in the hands, elbows, and knees, incapacitating her. It then sealed her wounds with honey, preventing external bleeding.

After immobilizing Wilkins, SCP-9893 retrieved a lighter and iPod Nano from her pants pockets. SCP-9893 used the iPod to play a copy of its spoken word recording, which it later described as a ritual incantation. As the recording played, SCP-9893 used the lighter to melt several crayons onto Wilkins's skin, forming various symbols with alchemical and occult significance. At 11:21 PM, Wilkins began to struggle, prompting SCP-9893 to bash her head against the wall until she fell unconscious.

Over the course of the next four hours, SCP-9893 performed various ritual dances and prayers while intermittently orally secreting honey into Agent Wilkins' mouth. As Wilkins was unable to swallow the honey, it gradually suffocated her; the time of death is 2:45 AM. Shortly following her death, SCP-9893 collapsed from exhaustion, remaining on the floor of its cell until 7:30 AM, when other containment personnel performed its morning check-in.

SCP-9893 later claimed that while it did engage in sexual activity with Wilkins for its own enjoyment, its subsequent violent behavior was intended to "synchronize energies" with her before "liberating her life force to create a high angel" that would carry out SCP-9893's will. Despite its insistence to the contrary, there is no evidence that its actions had any anomalous effect.

A review by the Containment Standards Committee determined that, if not for Agent Wilkins' flagrant breaches of protocol, SCP-9893's containment procedures would have prevented Incident 9893-31 from occurring. As such, no alterations to these procedures are planned, though SCP-9893's privileges are under review.

= << [SCP-9892](SCP-9892) | SCP-9893 | [SCP-9894](SCP-9894) >>
