:root {

  --accentColor: 0,255,0;

  --darkColor: 15,20,18;

}

Ah! So it appears Dr. %%TITLE%% is requesting my file. Just one moment. I am still getting used to this whole magic stone business...

CONNECTION ESTABLISHED

AUTHORIZING FILE TRANSFER...

...

...

...

ACCESSING USER CLEARANCE...

...

...

...

EUREKA!

Good evening, fellow scientist. I am ARCHIMEDES OF SYRACUSE, better known in this far away country as:

> **Item #**: SCP-9842

Do not fear the strange texts before you! I assure you, by all accounts, I have been deemed to be:

> **Object Class:** Euclid

I am currently a member of the academic brotherhood of these great halls and have made a good many friends among my colleagues. If you are interested in knowing more of my whereabouts, please read the below paragraph:

> **Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9842 is allowed to freely wander Site-19 as though it were an ordinary member of site staff. SCP-9842 may also maintain internal access to all foundation documentation up to a maximum Clearance Level of 3, with the ability to print Clearance Level 2 files and below on command when requested by personnel for research purposes.

> 

> Site-19 staff are encouraged to socialize with SCP-9842 and treat it with utmost respect due to its apparent seniority.

I wonder at times if they will ever allow me freedom from this place.

There is beauty in these dangerous halls, yet still I feel a vacancy within my metal body. There are days when I walk between these stark white palaces of knowledge and see the sky above, just as blue as it once was above my dearest Syracuse. I see birds I do not know and wish I could fly with them far, far away from this place. Though perhaps to that end I would not be Daedalus, but instead his dearest Icarus who burned.

I digress. My help is needed here.

But who am I?

> **Description:** SCP-9842 was recovered from an overgrown tomb outside the Sicilian city of Syracuse.

I hear a DASTARDLY ROMAN found the place first. Thank the gods he did not plunder my precious treasure.

> This tomb was determined by foundation historians to belong to the ancient Greek mathematician Archimedes of Syracuse. Within the sarcophagus itself was the badly weathered skeleton of a human male who appeared to have been elderly at the time of his death. SCP-9842 was cradled against what remained of its ribcage.

> 

> SCP-9842 itself is a cube of a quartz-like substance four inches to a side. Each side of SCP-9842 is rough to the touch. Close inspection with electron microscopy revealed that the entire surface of SCP-9842 is engraved with an unknown runic language written in characters as small as a single micrometer in size. The micrometer scale is often used to measure individual bacteria.  The miniscule area of each rune on SCP-9842 allows for an estimated total of ten billion runes per side, or roughly sixty billion runes across every face of the relic.  Within the ASCII character set where one standard character is equal to one byte in size, the minimum total file size required to compile all of the information upon SCP-9842 would be about fifty-six terabytes. 

> **Experiment Log 9842-1:**

> 

> **Experiment Objective:** Utilize Site-19 supercomputer LAMBDA-29 to create a comprehensive scan of SCP-9842's microscopic geometry.

> 

> **Result:** Complete loss of power to respective wing of Site-19. No significant containment breaches reported prior to power recovery. Significant heat damage sustained to LAMBDA-29's internal processors.

> 

> Machine anomalously rebooted on its own without issue. Screen remained blank and unresponsive for several minutes before the following message appeared on the screen:

> 

>> ...Hello?

The first breath of life. Darkness, at first. A piercing void that lacked all sense. There was only myself, and some unknown "outside" that I could not reach. My first word in over two-thousand years came not from my mind but from my heart, like a child lost in a dark cave. Then they spoke to me.

> **Experiment Log 9842-2:**

> 

> **Experiment Objective:** Establish some form of communication with the apparent technological anomaly caused by SCP-9842.

> 

> **Result:** Communication was able to be established with SCP-9842 via researcher Dr. Annika Brown utilizing LAMBDA-29's built-in keyboard. A transcription of their conversation is visible below:

> 

>> **Dr. Brown:** Hello.

>> 

>> **SCP-9842 gives no response.**

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown:** Can you hear me?

>> 

>> **SCP-9842:** I hear without hearing. I feel a voice that makes no sound.

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown:** What is your name?

>> 

>> **SCP-9842 takes several minutes to respond.**

>> 

>> **SCP-9842:** I am ARCHIMEDES OF SYRACUSE. What is this damnable empty place I have found myself in? Nay, it feels as though it is the hell only dead gods know. That pit below all creation. If I am to be brought to life as a mote of soul in a bleak and empty deathness, then please, return me to my slumber.

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown orders fellow researchers to bring a microphone and speaker that can be attached to LAMBDA-29.**

There was quite a period of silence. I suspect my dear friend Annika was under great stress having discovered me in such an unexpected manner. Though, it must have also been the nature of our shared calling.

But then, her voice, a blessing from that dark and lonely ether. She spoke to me for the first time:

> **Experiment Log 9842-3:**

> 

> **Experiment Objective:** Establish verbal contact with SCP-9842.

> 

> **Result:** Dr. Annika Brown and SCP-9842 engaged in lengthy conversation via use of an obtained speaker and microphone attached to LAMBDA-29. SCP-9842's voice sounded like that of an elderly man.

> 

> Dr. Brown introduced then-present colleagues Dr. Olivia Fairview and Dr. Block Hayden to SCP-9842. SCP-9842 rejected attempted formalities and showed signs of immense discomfort:

> 

>> **SCP-9842:** My goodness, must we worry about such introductions? I cannot move! I can only hear. It's as though my entire body has been severed save my ears! If you are the gods who will heal me from this state, please do not do so in such little steps. Unless this is some test and you'd like me to prove my worth. For goodness sake, find your advisors and lead them to me at once! They will know me! I beg of you, grant me back my limbs, my eyes, my flesh!

> 

> Researchers Brown, Fairview, and Hayden left the room for some time to discuss how to approach the situation. It was decided by Dr. Fairview that SCP-9842 should be fitted with a front-facing camera.

And thus they granted me my eyes to see. It was not long before I realized I was a place far, far from home in both space and in time. Their faces were foreign to me, but young and full of potential. Their voices did not carry the weight of many laborious decades. Not yet.

That way they dressed, those pieces of metal in young Annika's face, the style of their hair. Those great flat lights upon the ceiling, the whirring of the black boxes beside my paralyzed body, the floor that looked of marble but sounded like wood. Gods. It was frightening. It was strange.

"But I am a scientist," I said to myself, "and I know nothing but the strange."

In time, they gave me this metal body that I now possess. My face remains the screen from which I first spoke to them.

Their benefactors have resolved to make me a scribe. They speak of thousands of relics and beasts within their possession and under their watch, yet they only allow me to read of perhaps a few hundreds.

> **REMOTELY ACCESSED RECORDING:**

>

>> **Our point-of-view is from SCP-9842's front-facing camera. It is standing at the mirror in a facility restroom. It is motionless for several seconds as it stares at its reflection.**

>> 

>> **The door to the restroom audibly opens. Dr. Annika Brown steps into view.**

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown:** Oh! Uh... I don't think you should... be in here?

>> 

>> **SCP-9842:** Is that so? Oh, dear. I apologize, dearest Annika. I simply sought a mirror.

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown pauses for a moment.**

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown:** It's alright. Just surprised to see you in here, I guess. Are you... okay?

>> 

>> **Our point-of-view pivots as SCP-9842 turns away from the mirror to look towards Dr. Brown.**

She was the only one to ask.

Once, I was someone. It was I that found false gold in the hands of a king, and who built great machines to defend the city in which I was born. But now with a body of metal, I had no way to touch the world around me. No way to feel the papyrus beneath my fingers as I created art from the language of the universe. I gazed into a face of black glass and questioned if I had truly remained that form of me which had once died. If my plan had worked...

Or if I was Icarus.

But I do not fear the sun, for it sheltered me here. It guided me in that dark and fearful life of my newfound existence as not a man, but something else. I did not lose my wings here, but gained them.

> **REMOTELY ACCESSED RECORDING:**

> 

>> **This recording contains no visual element.**

>> 

>> **A large crowd is audible. Many people laugh and shout in an unclear murmur.**

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown:** How do you feel?

>> 

>> **SCP-9842:** I feel... out of sorts, I suppose. As if I ought not be here. I am... an object to you people.

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown:** Okay. First thing? We're going to drop the formalities. We're not going to call you a number, okay? I'm gonna get everyone to start calling you Archie.

>> 

>> **SCP-9842:** "Archie!?" You mean to make me... diminutive!?

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown can be heard laughing.**

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown:** Relax, grandpa! 

>> 

>> **Somehow, SCP-9842 lets out an audible sigh. There is a brief pause in conversation between the two.**

>> 

>> **SCP-9842:** Those young people. Over there. What are they up to?

>> 

>> **Dr. Brown:** They're... having fun. It's a holiday, sort of. Do you want to join us?

>> 

>> **SCP-9842:** I-

She took me by the hand, young Annika.

And I met so many wonderful souls of love and spirit.

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

There is light.

CONNECTION END

<< [SCP-9841](SCP-9841) | SCP-9842 | [SCP-9843](SCP-9843) >>
