]

]

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-9507-D has been successfully decommissioned, no containment measures are required. Person of Interest-VINE has been amnesticized of SCP-9507-D and Foundation efforts to assist them; covert monitoring of them is to continue until May 10, 202█. Foundation Webcrawler I/O FUNGI is to search for and flag keywords pertaining to Provisional Group of Interest-1985 ("Our Mother of Geese") and Provisional Group of Interest-2010 ("Ducksu").

The inert SCP-9507-CONDUIT-D is held within Reliquary Site-25 for analysis.

**Description:** SCP-9507-D was a series of anomalous avian phenomena affecting the musician and Twitch livestreamer Vincent ████████Known professionally as Vinny Vinesauce, Vinny, and/or Vinesauce..

SCP-9507-D manifested in the form of the spontaneous appearances of numerous instances of *Melanitta americana*American Scoter duck. (hereafter referred to as SCP-9507-DUCK-D) and *Branta canadensis*Canada goose. (hereafter referred to as SCP-9507-GOOSE-D) within a five meter radius of POI-VINE's vicinity. Upon materialization, SCP-9507-DUCK-D and -GOOSE-D would immediately converge upon POI-VINE's location, and a SCP-9507-Skirmish Event would result. The specifics of a typical SCP-9507-Skirmish Event followed this pattern:

* SCP-9507-GOOSE-D - upon sight of POI-VINE - would vocalize in unison, before aggressively rushing towards them;

* SCP-9507-GOOSE-D would begin attacking POI-VINE via bites, "smacking" them with their wings, and attempting to "scratch" them with their feet, all whilst hissing;

* After an indeterminate amount of timeThe shortest recorded time being 30 seconds, the longest recorded time being three minutes., SCP-9507-DUCK-D instances would intervene, attacking SCP-9507-GOOSE-D instances and deterring them away from POI-VINE;

* A group of up to 10 SCP-9507-DUCK-D instances would form a circular "shield" around POI-VINE;

* SCP-9507-DUCK-D and SCP-9507-GOOSE-D would engage in battle, with actions consistent with standard avian aggression tactics;

* The sudden demanifestation of all SCP-9507-DUCK-D and SCP-9507-GOOSE-D instances after POI-VINE either leaves the immediate area, or 10 minutes have passed; and

* Injuries sustained by POI-VINE during SCP-9507-Skirmish Events would spontaneously heal themselves upon the Event's termination

All other attempts at halting/intervening in SCP-9507-DUCK-D, SCP-9507-GOOSE-D, and SCP-9507-Skirmish Events had consistently failed, prior to decommissioning.

SCP-9507-CONDUIT-D was the stone mechanism used to coordinate SCP-9507-GOOSE-D, carved into the shape of POI-VINE. Refer to **Addendum 9507-03 - Decommissioning** for more details.

**Addendum 9507-01 - Discovery:** The Foundation became aware of SCP-9507-D on February 15, 202█, when POI-VINE made a throwaway mention of an SCP-9507-Skirmish Event during their "pre-stream". The mention was flagged by DEVINCHAT.AICAn Artificial Intelligence Conscript that monitors the livestreaming website Twitch for signs and mentions of anomalous activity., and is transcribed below:

**POI-VINE:** So. Weird fucking thing happened to me today, chat. I went to go and grab a bite to eat after the session today, because... y'know, they kind of tend to take a lot out of me. And I thought "Hey, I have plenty of time to kill before I want to stream tonight", so I went out a little further than I usually go for these sorta things...

*(chat member Dooreet192 asks in chat, "which place :O" [sic], which POI-VINE reads aloud)*

**POI-VINE:** I'm not gonna tell you, chat, sorry. I don't need any "one-guy"s causing trouble at this place. But anyway, that's not important. I got myself a couple of pierogis, and went to sit down and eat. All of a sudden, I hear a fuckton of geese making noise above me.

*(POI-VINE makes a scoffing noise)*

**POI-VINE:** Now, you all know my problems with geese. And I was thinking "Oh god, here we go again", but...

*(POI-VINE is silent for a few seconds; their voice is more subdued upon resuming)*

**POI-VINE:** Those fuckers just started *dive-bombing* me. Listen, there were other people walking around where I was. These geese *completely* ignored them. They just started attacking me, biting and hissing and flapping in my face. And I ended up knocked on the ground, my pierogis ruined, while these bastards wouldn't let up on me.

*(POI-VINE takes a deep breath)*

**POI-VINE:** Chat, I'm going to be real. I was scared for my life. But then, out of nowhere, this duck flies in and slams itself against one of the geese pinning me down. I shot up to my feet, and looked to see a bunch more ducks, flying in and starting to attack the geese. Now, I want to make it clear. The area I was in, *no* geese or ducks come by there. So this was strange as hell.

*(Chat member SwannTrumpet states "you must have angered the Mother of All Gooses" [sic], which causes POI-VINE to laugh for a few moments)*

**POI-VINE:** Yeah. Yeah, that's what it felt like to me. But yeah, it was like a fuckaphony of quacks and hissing at that point, so I just decided to cut my losses and get the hell out of there. After a point, I wasn't able to hear them anymore; I guess they fucked off after they realized I was gone.

*(Jabroni_Mike, a close friend and moderator in POI-VINE's chat, asks "Vinny are you okay?", which POI-VINE reads)*

**POI-VINE:** Yeah, yeah, I'm fine, Mike. I looked myself over, and - despite how hard those bastards were biting and kicking at me - I didn't have a single scratch. I'm going to go to the doctor tomorrow, just in case, to make sure I'm all good. But, anyway...

[EXTRANEOUS MATERIAL EXPUNGED]

As this was initially believed to be an Extranormal Event missed by the Foundation – and because of the prohibitive expense required to administer amnestics to ██,000 individuals – no further action was taken besides a request for POI-VINE to be monitored for a period of █ months.

However, two days later, while on an unrelated mission in Staten Island, Mobile Task Force Iota-27 "Rat Pack" witnessed another SCP-9507-Skirmish Event occuring with POI-VINE outside of their apartment. Iota-27 – at the time posing as law enforcement officers – attempted to intervene during the duration of the Event to no success. All SCP-9507-DUCK-D and SCP-9507-GOOSE-D instances demanifested after 10 minutes had passed; POI-VINE's injuries – including several marks on their arms – were witnessed to instantly heal on their own. After conferring with Iota Command, POI-VINE was taken into custody at Site-2475, where they were interviewed about the events that had transpired.

> **Interviewed:** POI-VINE

> 

> **Interviewer:** Site-2475 Director Ren Lasser

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dir. Lasser:** I apologize for the suddeness of all of this, mister—

> 

> **POI-VINE:** Just Vinny is fine.

> 

> **Lasser:** *(Laughs)* If you'd like. Though it's against our usual protocol.

> 

> **POI-VINE:** What do you mean "protocol"? Who the hell are you people anyway?

> 

> **Lasser:** Oh, just an organization that deals with strange things that happen to people like you.

> 

> **POI-VINE:** You mean this weird shit with the birds? Do you have any idea why it's happening?

> 

> **Lasser:** That's what we're hoping to find out. Tell me, Vinny, have you had anything strange happen to you prior to these... incidents?

> 

> *(Silence from POI-VINE for 3 seconds.)*

> 

> **POI-VINE:** Now that you mention it, there *was* something weird that happened the day before.

> 

> **Lasser:** Oh? Do tell...

> 

> **POI-VINE:** One of my mods who helps manage my email submissions told me about a weird spam email that'd been sent to me.

> 

> **Lasser:** Did they tell you what the "spam" said?

> 

> **POI-VINE:** A little bit. Apparently, it was full of complete gibberish, weird symbols, and...

> 

> **Lasser:** And?

> 

> **POI-VINE:** ... Pictures of geese. *(Sighs)* Shit...

> 

> **Lasser:** Now, this is very important. Did your moderator tell you anything else about the email? Is it still in your inbox?

> 

> **POI-VINE:** No. Fuck, they deleted it before telling me about it. ... Shit, do you think I got cursed or something? Is there any way to reverse it?

> 

> **Lasser:** Unfortunately, we currently don't know about either of those. Until we figure out what's going on, we'll have to keep you here for your own safety--

> 

> **POI-VINE:** What do you mean? I got bills to pay and commitments to make, I can't just--

> 

> **Lasser:** That will all be taken care of, I assure you. We won't keep you here forever. My son would never forgive me if his favorite streamer was gone. We just need to hold you here until we find out more information about this.

> 

> **POI-VINE:** ... I don't like this...

> 

> **Lasser:** Neither do I, but it's the only way to keep you safe. *(Laughs)* Besides, you were probably overdue for a vacation anyway, weren't you?

> 

> **<End Log>**

>

> **Closing Statement:** POI-VINE was escorted to their temporary quarters, and a file for SCP-9507-D was submitted.

**Addendum 9507-02 - Escalating SCP-9507-Skirmish Events:** During the duration of POI-VINE's retainment by the Foundation, SCP-9507-Skirmish Events continued to occur with increasing escalation. A log of SCP-9507-Skirmish Events that occurred can be found below.

**February 18:** 30 SCP-9507-GOOSE-D instances manifested in the hallway connecting Site-2475's POI quarters to the cafeteria, proceeding into the latter room and attacking the present POI-VINE. Site Security immediately attempted to less-lethally subdue SCP-9507-GOOSE-D instances; however, their ammunition had no effect. 30 SCP-9507-DUCK-D instances appeared via Site-2475's ventilation ducts, swarming SCP-9507-GOOSE-D and "shielding" POI-VINE from further attacks until Site Security was able to secure them and evacuate them from the cafeteria; Skirmish Event ceased immediately afterwards. Security measures updated.

**February 19:** 40 SCP-9507-GOOSE-D instances manifested in the restroom POI-VINE was in via the drainage grate. Despite the activation of Site-2475's embedded Scranton Reality Anchors following the Skirmish Event the day prior, the SCP-9507-GOOSE-D instances remained present in baseline reality and began attacking POI-VINE. 40 SCP-9507-DUCK-D instances subsequently entered via the restroom's mirrors, and engaged in standard Skirmish Event maneuvers. Due to a malfunction with Site-2475's cameras, Site Security was unaware of the SCP-9507-Skirmish Event until it neared its conclusion. Upon demanifestation of anomalies, POI-VINE was escorted out of the restroom and back to their quarters. Security measures updated.

**February 20:** Despite stringent lockdown, reality anchoring, Faraday caging, Hume balancing, and [REDACTED] measures, 150 SCP-9507-GOOSE-D and 9507-DUCK-D instances manifested in POI-VINE's quarters. [DATA EXPUNGED]. Site-2475 evacuated.

**Addendum 9507-03 - Decommissioning:** Following the return of personnel to Site-2475 following decontamination and cleanup procedures on February 21, Doctor Ren Lasser and other departmental staff of the Site filed a joint request to the Decommissioning Department regarding SCP-9507-D, which is reproduced below:

> 

> ++ ****SCP Object Decommissioning Proposal Form****

> 

> **Item #:** SCP-9507

> 

> **Object Class:** SolipsisAnomaly only affects a singular entity.

> 

> **Head Researcher:** Dir. Ren Lasser

> 

> **Supporting Personnel*:**

> * *Dr. Leonard Greye - Representing Foundation Sanitation Dept.*

> * *Heath Ich - Representing Foundation Aviary Dept.*

> * *Dr. Chad Somunen - Representing Foundation Containment Dept.*

> * *Sera F. Sach - Representing Foundation Budgetary Div.*

> * *Usagi Yasando - Representing Foundation Therapeutics Dept.*

> 

> **Please check off or fill in the applicable boxes regarding the reasons for submitting your proposal:**

> ☑ Excessively High Risk of Lifted Veil Scenario

> ☑ Excessive Danger

> ☐ Ability to Decom. Apollyon-Class Object

> ☑ Expense

> ☑ Ethical Concerns Over Necessary Containment

> ☑ Legal Concerns

> ☐ High Risk of K-Class Scenario (if so, please state which type(s):@@____@@)

> ☑ Other (please state): Tremendous waste cleanup required should containment continue *- Dr. L. Greye*

> 

> **Summary:** Continued protection of POI-VINE from SCP-9507 is impractical logistically, ethically, and legally. Due to the increasing amounts of SCP-9507-DUCK and -GOOSE instances manifesting with each passing day, the possibility of a Lifted Veil scenario occuring also increases. Additionally, there is possibility of these manifestations resulting in POI-VINE's death, as well as the increased workload for our sanitary personnel, rising costs for repairs, and psychological distress amongst our staff. *- Dir. Lasser*

> 

> ^^*Must be of level 3 clearance or higher.^^

After two hours of deliberation by the Ethics Committee and Overwatch Command, SCP-9507-D was approved for Decommissioning. Two members of Mobile Task Force Zeta-57 "Bag and Tag" were stationed at the building across from Site-2475, and POI-VINE was allowed to exit the facility in order to facilitate a more "controlled" SCP-9507-Skirmish Event. 25 SCP-9507-GOOSE-D instances immediately manifested in the air surrounding POI-VINE; the attacks and subsequent materialization of 25 SCP-9507-DUCK-D instances were allowed to occur unimpeded. In the meantime, both Zeta-57 members were able to attach one Foundation Self-Stabilizing Tracking Device each to both an instance of SCP-9507-GOOSE-D and SCP-9507-DUCK-D. Once completion was confirmed, POI-VINE was escorted from the premises to [REDACTED], allowing the anomalies to dissipate.

The Tracking Device attached to the SCP-9507-DUCK-D instance ceased to function in the air above Bayonne, New Jersey. However, the Device attached to the SCP-9507-GOOSE-D instance was pinged in a remote area near Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada, before also ceasing to function.

Subsequently, the remainder of MTF Zeta-57 was dispatched to intercept the location, which was discovered to be an undocumented cavern system. The location showed signs of being lived in, albeit hastily abandoned prior to Zeta-57's arrival.

A still powered laptop computer was discovered, revealing a throwaway email account with a singular message sent from it; conference with POI-VINE confirmed that it had been the message received by their moderator. The message contained numerous cognitohazards, 1628 separate images of *Branta canadensis*, and the following text:

{{VINCENT VINESAUCE}}

{{FOR TOO LONG YOU HAVE BESMIRCHED OUR KIND}}

{{WE ARE BEAUTIFUL MAJESTIC CREATURES}}

{{AND SHALL NOT BE INSULTED ANY LONGER}}

{{YOU HAVE TWO DAYS TO REPENT}}

{{OR YOU SHALL FACE THE WRATH}}

{{OF OUR MOTHER OF GEESE}}

Across from the laptop was SCP-9507-CONDUIT-D. Zeta-57's Kant Counters confirmed its connection to SCP-9507-D. After deliberation between Zeta Command and a Decommissioning liasion, permission was granted to destroy it, which was accomplished by it being crushed by the boots of two squadron members.

Immediately after the destruction of SCP-9507-CONDUIT-D, an instance of SCP-9507-DUCK-D appeared in front of POI-VINE, holding a damp piece of paper within its beak, releasing it, and demanifesting. The contents of the paper are reproduced verbatim below:

thak u fren viny for baring with us

we apolgiez for disdress n pain

the war btwn the basterd geese and [Illegible] is eturnal

but u are dukk fren

we wil dew r bezt two protec u, shood wii nede to again

Ducksu

---

<< [SCP-9506](SCP-9506) | SCP-9507-D | [SCP-9508](SCP-9508) >>

=====

**Filename:** VRV.png

**Name:** Vinny playing live

**Author:** Anonymous64bit

**License:** CC-BY-SA 4.0

**Source Link:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Vinny_playing_live.jpg Wikimedia Commons]

@@ @@

**Filename:** Vinny Lasser Interview.mp3

**Author:** AlienSpaceBat, , Vinny Vinesauce

**License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

**Note:** Edited via Audacity

**Derived from:**

**Name:** Cassette Tape Rewind

**Author:** Albertomarun

**License:** Creative Commons 0

**Source:**  Freesound

**Name:** Factory Fluorescent light buzz

**Author:** janbezouska

**License:** Creative Commons 0

**Source:** Freesound

**Name:** blank tape

**Author:** richwise

**License:** Creative Commons 0

**Source:** Freesound
