**Item #:** SCP-9136

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to SCP-9136-2’s natural memetic conjuring abilities, this SCP cannot be contained. However, SCP-9136-1 could be physically contained in a  chamber with soft cotton paddings around the walls. The room can be decorated with some furniture such as a couch, a bed, a toilet etc. Under no circumstances should SCP-9136-1 wander beyond the chamber, unless escorted by a Personnel with a clearance of Level 3 or higher. SCP-9136-1 can be given food regularly, or when requested. Within her chamber, the SCP could wander around and do anything as she pleases.

**Description:** SCP-9136 consists of 2 main entities: SCP-9136-1 is a normal American teenager of age around 16, with black curly hair. SCP-9136-2 is a memetic entity that exists in another dimension. It is observed that one can only enter this dimension by causing physical or mental harm to SCP-9136-1. The dimension consists of a small 8m  8m  8m room with one (1) lit television at its top right corner. The walls are in vintage 1990s floral stripe wallpaper, with most of them rusted, decayed or peeled off. There are random blood splatters around the room, presumably made by previous victims. 

    In the center of the room stands a singular block of concrete of height, width and length 1m  5m  5m respectively. On the concrete, there pinned an assortment of human skins and [REDACTED], taken from various body parts. In the middle there is one (1) singular keypad with ten (10) numbers: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 0. If the victim enters this dimension, the television will turn on, then a black, lanky, and bald humanoid digital figure with elongated arms and short legs will appear in the television. The entity will then open its 2 cartoony eyes and produce a long, wide smile, revealing its sharp, white teeth. The humanoid figure then instructs the victim to enter one random number on the keypad. If they fail to guess the number the entity is thinking within three (3) tries, they will have their skin [REDACTED] and pinned onto the concrete, before the entity phases out of the television and kills them by consuming them. If they succeed, they will lose one body part of their choice and return to reality with a warning not to touch SCP-9136-1 again. 

    

    It is theorised that this figure is the controller of this dimension, but this theory is not tested, because the humanoid figure refuses to speak about anything related to it. 

    

    It is seen that if the victim were to cause harm to the girl again, they would instantly disintegrate into ashes. SCP-9136-1’s memories will also be refreshed, and she will not recall any harm caused by the victim, or even recall the existence of the victim. If the victim inflicted physical damage, SCP-9136-1’s wounds will disappear as soon as the victim either expires, or apologises to SCP-9136-2.

    

---
