**SCP-9236:** Exegeses on Shambala

**Author:** 

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/whenwerewe Here's my page!]

**Item #:** 9236

**Object Class:** Explained

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9236 is not contingent: it will occur in all cases. For this reason, Foundation resources are to be dedicated to ensuring its arrival is minimally disruptive. The manner and conditions under which it appears are unknown, but they certainly require the formation of a superstate across much of the Levant, and the levying of enormous industrial power in the region.

Pro-urbanist agitation is to reach a height by the year 2030, and continue at this level until the instantiation of SCP-9236 in 2043. Although all apparent resistance is guaranteed to ultimately fail, Foundation operatives are to infiltrate and crush such movements as they form, to minimise unnecessary friction.

It is not yet known how the social conditions which cause SCP-9236 will emerge. The degree of value drift required within the next decades is expected to cause considerable upheaval. Foundation analysts continue to seek parameters which will allow for a peaceful end to parentageReaders are reminded that the eventuation of SCP-9236 cannot be prevented. Your efforts are better focused elsewhere..

**Description:** SCP-9236 is the city which will be built between the Tigris and Euphrates in June of 2043, and the process of its habitation.

The city will be arranged in a square whose corners touch the two rivers, and be raised from stones of many colours. Each building will rise one hundred and eight metres into the sky, and the towers will tessellate over the desert, so that the space between them gives rise to a series of parallel streets. The wind will whistle through them. Where the towers end there will be a wall of glass, composed of a single perfect piece, cast in place by enormous furnaces. Contemporary materials science suggests such a thing is impossible, but the fires have been seen.

It will be built over twenty-two days. On the first eighteen days the walls will be cast from sand, and on each of the last four days, one-quarter of the city will be completed. At the centre of each quarter a pit will be dug, and around it subterranean tunnels will extend radially in every direction to the walls. Though the surface will be unbearably warm, and the residents of the towers will suffer constant deprivation, the undercity will be cool and damp. The condensing water will be sufficient to sustain one-fifth of the population.

On the roof of each tower will be a garden, where persimmon and pear will grow. Many of them will wither under the heat, but those that survive will sustain the population on fruit alone for thirteen months. The towers will be too large for their inhabitants, and wild animals will nest in the corners and balconies. Dens of rats will fill the closets.

SCP-9236 will be completed on the 26th of June, 2043. After this date, all children will be removed from their homes and shall reside within it.

<< [SCP-9235](SCP-9235) | SCP-9236 | [SCP-9237](SCP-9237) >>
