CW: This article contains mentions of substance abuse.

Written by 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9052 is currently considered neutralized. All civilian persons who were knowledgeable of the SCP-9052 event were amnesthetized following its conclusion. Under the events of SCP-9052-1 exhibiting repeated anomalous properties, Oakland Park Catholic Cemetery is to remain closed until anomalous activity ceases. A cover story of dangerous wildlife activity is to be instated to excuse the closure. An effort to discover the whereabouts of PoI-9052-1's corpse is currently underway.

**Description:** SCP-9052 refers to a week-long event of anomalous activity which took place at the gravesite of Zechariah Robinsons (PoI-9052-1). The gravestone of PoI-9052-1 will henceforth be referred to as SCP-9052-1. All anomalous activity at SCP-9052-1 took place over the time period of 1/22/201█ to 1/29/201█, periodically from 11:00 PM - 11:59 PM every day.

SCP-9052-1 is located at Oakland Park Catholic Cemetery. SCP-9052-1 measures 1.1 m x 0.3 m x 0.1 m. SCP-9052-1 consists of granite, and is topped off by a segmental pointed arch. SCP-9052-1 previously contained an engraving of PoI-9052-1's name, which had disappeared after SCP-9052 had concluded. Additionally, the corpse of PoI-9052-1 disappeared under similar circumstances.

During the aforementioned time period, a group of seven (7) humanoid entities surrounded SCP-9052-1 in a circular formation, which will henceforth be known as SCP-9052-2. Subclassifications will be assigned as necessary. An eyewitness account from Jeffrey █████ Nightguard at Oakland Park Catholic Cemetery. Labeled PoI-9052-2.  given on the Parawatch wiki forums on 1/23/201█ gave a description of SCP-9052-2's appearance and its initial encounter with SCP-9052-2. SCP-9052-2 remained at the cemetery until 12:00 AM, when all instances simultaneously vanished.

<details>
<summary>+ Press here to open post</summary>

> **Thread**: I HATE MY GRAVEYARD JOB

> **Created By**: Jeffreys1051

> ##green|**Jeffreys1051**## 1/23/201█ (███) 7:53:32 #84016491

> ~~-~~-

> Okay so for quick context I work the graveyard shift at a Catholic Cemetery as a night guard and I HATE IT HERE NOW I REALLY DON'T WANT TO GO BACK TO WORK.

> 

> Yesterday at 11:00 P.M, I saw a group of 7 dudes in suits surrounding a graveyard. Assumed it was regular business at first, probably just teenagers fulfilling some sort of bet. I get my taser in case they don't fuck off after the first few warnings or get aggressive, but then I get a good look at them and realize something...

> 

> They didn't look that human. Their skin was SUPER clear, and it seemed to be made of glass, with a slight white opaque tone. Most of their facial features were missing, such as a mouth or eyes. But they did have outlines of what appeared to be a nose and ears. They had hair, but similarly, it was also made of glass. Unlike their skin, their hair color varied. Some had an opaque brown tint, while others kept the white tint or had a sort of yellow tint.

> 

> After noticing this I'm obviously creeped out but I still try stomaching it and approach the figures. Then, the moment I get too close, THEY DISAPPEAR? I walk away, even more creeped out, AND THEY COME BACK IN MERE SECONDS. It kept going on like this for 12 minutes until I got too creeped out to handle it and ran away. I called the police afterwards but they probably think I'm a lunatic now. Also called my priest for good measure lol.

> 

> Does anyone here have any clue what I encountered? And am I safe to go back to work? I feel like I won't return unless the whole graveyard gets an exorcism lol.

</details>

A small task force of four (4) armed Foundation Personnel were sent to the area, under the guise of being police officers sent to assist in catching the intruders. All attempts to interact with SCP-9052-2 resulted in it disappearing, remanifesting after the attempted contact ended. Attempts to immobilize SCP-9052-2 through weapons such as tasers and tranquilizers similarly resulted in disappearance.

Personnel reported being able to hear SCP-9052-2 conversing. Attempts to record audio of SCP-9052-2's conversations were successful. Following the night of 1/29/201█, the ground surrounding SCP-9052-1 began to open up, allowing the corpse of PoI-9052-1 to levitate up from its place. SCP-9052-2 and the corpse of PoI-9052-1 both vanished afterwards, with the ground surrounding SCP-9052-1 returning to normal. The engraving of PoI-9052-1's name on SCP-9052-1 was reported missing following this event.

No further anomalous activity has been observed.

**Addendum 1:** Report on PoI-9052-1

A detailed investigation into why this event particularly took place at the gravesite of PoI-9052-1 is being led by Foundation Researcher █████. So far, no conclusive explanation has been found by Foundation Researcher █████. Research into the life of PoI-9052-1 returned zero ties to occult, paranormal, or thaumatological phenomena. No ties to registered groups of interest have been found.

Records indicate that PoI-9052-1 had no biological children or significant other. Recent contact with acquaintances or living family members has not been observed. Census data and online activity indicates PoI-9052-1 was of the Catholic faith. Testimony from pastors of local Catholic churches (and other denominations of the Christian faith) reported no knowledge of PoI-9052-1 as one of their church's regular attendees.

It is to be noted that online activity of PoI-9052-1 indicated usage of the Tor network to buy illicit substances. PoI-9052-1 suffered from an untreated substance use disorder (SUD), which was found to be linked to its lack of communication with other persons. Acquaintances and family members of PoI-9052-1 had cut contact with it in previous years due to aggressive behavior and general social isolation caused by its SUD.

It is currently unknown if this was a factor in SCP-9052, but further research to analyze if a correlation exists is being conducted.

PoI-9052-1 was also unemployed, losing its job in the previous month due to factors caused by its SUD. PoI-9052-1 died on 9/18/200█ Following heart failure caused by opioid poisoning. The body of PoI-9052-1 remained undiscovered for months following its death, only being found after a neighbor requested a welfare check due to the repugnant odor in the vicinity of PoI-9052-1's residence. An indigent funeral was organized for PoI-9052-1, with the burial taking place one (1) day before SCP-9052 activity began to manifest (1/21/201█).

**Addendum 2:** SCP-9052-2 Conversation Log

> **SCP-9052-2-A:** Thou art a lone soul.

> 

> **SCP-9052-2-B:** Such took its great toll.

> 

> **SCP-9052-2-C:**  No kin to aid thou.

> 

> **SCP-9052-2-D:** Or brethren to save.

> 

> **SCP-9052-2-A:** At wits great end.

> 

> **SCP-9052-2-E:** As thee's soul gave.

> 

> **SCP-9052-2-A:** To the unthinkable.

> 

> **SCP-9052-2-F:** Now thou hath found brethren.

> 

> **SCP-9052-2-G:** Among the forgotten.

> **Filename:** grave.png

> **Name:** Grave of Sami Serozan

> **Author:** Sureta

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Grave_of_Sami_Serozan.jpg

<< [SCP-9051](SCP-9051) | SCP-9052 | [SCP-9053](SCP-9053) >>
