,,Word count: ~5.7k,,

  _

For the briefest of moments, you're alive.

A splitting headache blossoms to life between your eyes. You groan, sitting up to reach for the your bedside table before falling flat on the floor.

"Shit!" Your throat feels raw. You look around, before standing and collapsing in nightwear you don't remember putting on. You settle for crawling to the bathroom and drink a hearty amount from the tap. 

The tap shuts off with a mechanical *click,* and catch your breath on the ceramic tiles. 

Slowly, you walk to the door. Your legs threaten to give in, but you reach for the door's hatch and pull it to the side. The familiar rumble of steel gives way to another door of glass, which you push open. *Why the hell are there two doors?*

The corridor is dark, but light spills in to your right, presumably a door of some kind. The floor is polished hardwood, with a expensive-looking rug spread across it.

Most importantly, there's a shadow in the shape of a person at the end of the corridor.

You slam the door shut behind you, breathing in and out. It's a scene from a horror movie of some sorts, sending your heart into a frantic rhythm. *Calm down. Deep breaths. Smart move's to lock the door, but it doesn't* have *a goddamned lock.* You scowl at the hatch, which stays as uncaring as ever.

After much deliberation, you prepare the open the door again. You hold a wooden comb in your left hand- the closest thing you have to a weapon. Slowly, you peek over the threshold.

To your left is a dead-end. At the very least, you can't make out if there's a door or not. To your right, there's what looks like a kitchen, and an approaching figure.

You slam the door once more, before trying (and failing) to drag the nightstand over to block out the exit. There's footsteps outside, muffled against the carpet. A gentle knock.

"Hello? Are you awake?"

The door opens. You prepare to swing.

A *hiss* as the door unseals itself. "Oh, *schei-*"

You lunge at whoever it is, and the floor screams with joy as you hug it face-first. Or maybe that's you.

---

"-ve car wasn't a good idea-"

Your eyes snap open and you bolt up. The woman is standing a good distance away with her hands up. You stand up, and the woman backs away. "Shit. Hello? Simon? You okay?"

A frown tugs at your face. "Where am I?"

The woman laughs. "Let's have a nice, long talk."

---

"So-" The woman sets down a cup of tea on its platter in front of her. Across from her, you nurse a bruised skull and ego. "Let's make a deal. You don't ask questions until I'm done, and I'll answer when you're finished." 

You nod.

The woman leans back. "You are currently on your way outside the universe."

*That's a Hell of a conversation starter.* You open your mouth to respond, and the woman raises her hand. "Hey. No. We had a deal."

You quiet yourself and look down in shame.

"You are currently on your way *outside* the universe. You can't leave. I might, though." A smirk. "Now. Don't ask me how or why I'll leave, since I don't know either. Just listen, and answer my questions when I ask them. Capisce?"

You nod.

She smiles. "I'm Ariadne Muller. Call me Ari if you want. I'm not the actual Ari, but that's a story for later." Her lips curl into a slight smile, before a tide of guilt beats it into a thin, straight line. "You, my friend, are Simon Haller. Check the computers if you want. They'll tell you that you're Simon."

You think about it for a moment. *Yeah. Sounds right.* You try to speak, but end up coughing instead. Ari frowns and pushes her untouched tea to your side of the table. You blow on the tea before taking a sip. Lemon, no sugar.

Ari continues. "We are currently onboard the ITV *Ouroboros.* ITV stands for Intertemporal Vessel." She gestures vaguely upwards. "As I said, we're about to exit this universe."

You raise an eyebrow, and Ari holds up a hand. "Yeah. I get it. Sounds insane." The barest hint of a smile shows in her eyes, but the remainder of her gaze is pulled elsewhere. "You want an explanation, yes? Here." She pulls out a drawing tablet, setting it flat on the table before drawing four black, parallel lines. "These are going up, see? This is normal timeflow." She bisects the lines with a stroke of green before drawing another arrow. "This is the *Ouroboros*'s trail. We run, well, weirdly, compared to everything else." She tilts it up so you can see it properly.

Your head is spinning. "Dumb it down?"

Ari sighs, powering the tablet off. "The rest of the universe is frozen to us forever, Sim."

You hear the clatter of the cup and realize you've set it down. She looks at you, really *looks,* and sighs. "Yeah. It's something, I know, I know." She smiles. "We can still watch it in the monitoring room, though. But there's no exit to this train, which means no entrance, either." She absent-mindedly grabs at the table in front of her. "Give me a moment, will you?" She moves to prepare another cup of tea.  You glance around. The table you're sitting at is the only dust-free thing in the room. There's no fridge, nor a stove, and all the knives are missing. The couch's leather is cracked and worn, stuffing spilling out of the edges.

The clinking of glass brings you back to reality. "So. Your turn."

You rack your brains for a proper question. "How'd you get here?"

Her response is quick. "A lighthouse." 

You raise an eyebrow. "Excuse me?"

She coughs. "Not elaborating. That's the truth, though. *Somehow.*"

"How'd I get here?"

Ari's expression flickers repeatedly. "No clue either." You were never the best at reading people, but even you could tell she was lying. No reason to press, though.

"Where'd you get the tea grounds from?"

She eyes you quizzically. "Seriously?"

You shrug. "Answer the question."

Ari gestures to the dispenser on the wall. On a second glance, it's not quite a water dispenser. There's a glass covering and an odd input below it. "That. Don't ask me how it works. I don't know either." Not the answer you were hoping for, but it's something. 

You stand up. "Mind giving me a tour?"

She flashes a genuine smile. "It would be my pleasure."

---

You're standing in the middle of outer space, surrounded by a passing nebula. It's breathtaking, by far the most beautiful thing you've ever seen. "How're we looking at that? I thought the rest of the world was closed off."

Ari shrugs. "I think there might be sensors outside. There's some physics going on with the light so we can have a 360 degree view." She looks away. "Enjoy the view while you can. The room'll go dark soon enough."

"Why's that?" The space in front of you is still bright, and objectively a long way off from ending. It's not like you're moving faster... "Wait, how fast're we going?"

Ari sighs. "I'm tired of shrugging. Let's make another deal. I give you everything I know so far, and you'll stop asking so much about sufficiently advanced stuff."

"Sufficiently advanced?"

Her face contorts with annoyance. "This is why I didn't go into teaching." She hands you the tablet, unlocked.

#### **Secure, Contain, Protect**

---

**Item #:** 9465

**Object Class:** Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** N/A

**Description:** SCP-9465 is a spacecraft designated the ITVIntertemporal Vessel *Ouroboros,* capable of exit and re-entry between timelines.

SCP-9465 runs perpendicular to normal timeflow, causing the inversion of its space and time. To an external observer, the craft and its trail would appear as a black streak across space, lasting for an infinitely small duration.

The vessel has undergone[]

The interior of SCP-9465 is equipped with several matter recyclers with an efficiency of 1:1, allowing perfect reuse of human waste and creation of modern technology. Additionally, the space inside of SCP-9465 has undergone severe compression, allowing SCP-9465's passengers more room than the exterior would suggest.

It is unknown who built this goddamned thing.

SCP-9465 is currently unobservable from the baseline universe.

"What's this, a report of some kind?"

Ari nods. "Yeah, remnant of my old job. I could *really* do with some of the stuff they have there, honestly."

You raise a finger, before it slowly drops to the ground. "This is the shittiest report I've ever seen. Part of it isn't even there, what's with the brackets?"

She puffs up. "I know, okay? I'm still working on it. I said, 'Everything I know so far', not 'Everything there is to know'." You hand her the tablet, which she palms. "There's a reason I'm still a *Junior* Researcher, anyways." She swipes twice before depowering the screen, placing it in a bag.

*Junior Researcher...* "For what?"

She gives you an odd look. "Huh?"

You stare at her.

She stares at you.

Ari rubs her head. "Oh, *shit.*"

---

"You look pale." 

*No shit.* You'd just discovered an international conspiracy. "You're *so* fucked if your bosses find out."

"You think they will?" Ari laughs, before her expression slowly grows more somber. Behind her, the nebula fades into a pink pinprick. "Chances are, we're stuck here. Not sure if *I'll* be able to get out, either." A sigh. 

"What do ya mean, *'get out'*? You just said the place had no exit."

She waves it off."Enough of that. I haven't shown you the Terrarium."

*Those tiny globe things you keep plants in?* "The Terrarium?"

"Yeah." She stands up. "It's pretty much what you're thinking. Come on."

You follow her out of the monitoring room, past the kitchen. For a moment, you pass by the room you woke up in and find it empty.

You stop. "Did you clean it out?"

"Clean what out?" She looks over. "Oh. That. Yeah, you could say so." She drags you out with some force, nails digging into your skin. "Do you want to go or not?"

"Ow, ow, ow, okay, Jesus-" You tap out, and she lets go. 

"Alright then. Look." She opens the door at the end of the hall, and the wind kisses your cheeks.

It's a different kind of beautiful. The nebula earlier was eye-catching, burning. Here's just... "Calm. I like it." It's a park of sorts. It has no right to be on a craft like this, but you're just glad it's there. "We even have a proper night sky, huh?"

Ari smiles. "Yeah. It's pretty nice. There's a good spot here, follow me." The path is lined with trees and glowing street lamps.  A part of the path forks off and leads to a fountain with benches around it. It's an odd arrangement, but it fits. Ari sits on one, gesturing to her surroundings. "I go here when I miss the clouds."

You chuckle. "What, you like rain?"

Ari shrugs. "I like the smell, and the sound. Not so much the water itself." She leans on the armrest. "This is all real, by the way. I have no clue how. I walked a good fifteen kilos south and it's still going." 

"Full of surprises," you mutter under your breath. "Alright. Anything else of importance?"

"Yeah. Sorry, I got sidetracked." She stands up, fastening the bag over her shoulders. "Let's go."

---

Medical bay. Control. Bedrooms. Archives. It's all a big blur, but you know that this place is something else.

"That's about it." Ari's voice is distant, like a fading dream. "Any... Oh, come on. Simon. Hey." She snaps twice in front of your face. "He-e-ey. I said, *any questions?*"

You blink. "Yeah, sorry. It's just... a lot. Damn thing is *huge.*"

"It really is." She sits on a pile of books. "Oi. Watch it." She grabs your hand as you start leaning. "Don't want you to break your neck." 

*Why do I feel this way?*

*Is it the dread that I'll never see the rest of the world?*

"Hey." Your throat suddenly feels very, very dry. "How long have you been here?"

She looks over at you. "Around... Hm." She pulls out a small notepad with tally marks on it, showing it to you. You count them. *Two hundred and twenty three days.*

Eight months of isolation, with nobody else around. You shiver. "How've you lasted that long?"

"I've been reading the books around here to keep sane," she continues, "And sleeping in the Terrarium." She looks up. "There isn't a way out, Sim. I've looked. Unless the Terrarium has one somewhere in that infinite park, we're stuck." There's an air of finality in her tone.

*What do I do now?*

"You said something about you leaving."

She waves a hand. "I'll explain that later. It's, uh, getting pretty late for me. I'll go to sleep now. You go look around if you want." Ari stands up, walking towards the door. "Night."

"Night." It's a half-dead whisper. The door slams shut, and you're alone in the library.

Alone at the edge of the universe.

---

The days pass faster than they have any right to. You learn how to brew tea in the kitchen. You sit in the Terrarium and cry. You decorate your bedroom. Ari somehow sources wallpaper and a nightstand, and vaguely gestures to the front of the ship when you ask how.

Most importantly, you talk with the only other person present.

"...king failed because of the clinical tone. Damn Task 1. And 2, for that matter." You've been listening to a rant on a test she failed a few years back. "I got picked up by the Foundation after that, but... Come on." Small problems. You know they're the best way to break tension. "How 'bout you, Sim?"

Huh. That's unexpected. "I, uh... I remember crying on-stage during a school play once." Embarassment washes over you. "It was high school. I had a rough moment right before, so they took me offstage and bought me something warm. Somebody else filled in for me." It's faint, but it's there- the taste of hot chocolate, slaps on the back by former friends whose names have long vanished. 

Ari frowns. "What happened right before that?"

You shrug it off. "Romance. Juvenile recklessness, and all that." You trace a circle in the air with your hands. "It's funny. I went on and got broken up with three more times. Never learned my lesson, just kept diving into a loop. It's like walking into fire, kinda."

Her gaze is distant, which is common, but her hands are pale and shaking. You reach out. "Hey. Hey!" You snap your fingers twice in front of her. "Don't go knocking yourself out on me. I still need to tell you embarassing shit."

Her eyes refocus, and she looks away in mild embarassment. "Yeah. Sorry. Uh..."

The smile slides off your face. "Did I hit a nerve?"

A wince. "Yeah, you did. Um. My house burnt down with my dad inside. I, er-"

*Oh.* "Sorry about, uh, your loss."

She doesn't respond. It stays quiet in the kitchen, broken only by the sounds of cups settling on their platters. She takes a long sip. "It feels like it was yesterday. Really does. I was a kid, fourteen-ish? I remember feeling like my guts were being played with like a harp. He was, uh..." She trails off.

You offer. "Complicated?"

She nods. "It was only a few months ago. I was the one doing the burning." She doesn't elaborate, and the conversation drifts elsewhere.

Talks like these aren't uncommon.

---

You find yourself getting used to being alone. It's like having a roommate, in a way. You'll see her sitting at the Terrarium's fountain and wave, and she'll wave back. You'll pass her in Control, recording a video log. You'll occasionally hear a piano, but you don't know where in the bloody *Hell* a piano would fit onboard.

It's the quiet liveliness that keeps you sane as you parse through the Archives, reading old books and new ones, drinking tea, staring at the hexagonal light above you.

Ari walks in with a cup of tea. You snap your fingers at her. "Hey. No liquids in here. Set it aside."

She scoffs, sitting at an open table. "What's the point of reading if you can't drink tea with it? It's the way I was taught, anyhow." She opens one of the books on the edge of the pile: *Loss: Coping With What You Can't Predict.*

You eye the cover warily. "Are you going to stab me and cry over it?"

Ari feints throwing the book at you. "No, n-nothing like that. It's about, uh. The rest of everything, I guess." She sets the book down and sips from her tea. "Knowing that you'll be alone for a long time. It's still loss, just not in the traditional sense. Alone-ness...? *Einsamkeit.*"

It's the same feeling that's been gnawing away at you too, though it's slightly alleviated by the presence of someone else. "Yeah. I get it. Nothing around you for ages. Like we're at sea."

She frowns. "No, not quite. You have the tides. The..." She snaps her fingers twice. "There's a word for this. Crap. *Schaum.* The white stuff in the ocean whenever a wave hits."

"Sea foam?" You guess. "Froth?"

"Froth. I should have picked a better analogy." Her gaze is distant again. "You have the sun and the moon above you. You have the water below you. Here, you have nothing." Her voice fades, and she checks the watch. *When did she get one?* "Nothing at all."

She's clearly thinking about something else. You clear your throat. "Hey, I'll be in Monitoring for a little bit. Alright?"

Ari doesn't respond. You shrug and walk away.

---

The door behind you opens and light floods in. "Hey." Footsteps approach where you're lying down, and you see her above you, holding a flashlight. "We're outside the universe. That's why it's so dark." She checks her watch again. 

You stir, sitting up. "You say it so casually. 'Oh, we're outside *everything*, *ever.* We'll be re-entering in a few months. Maybe years.' Never said what that means, anyways." You push yourself upwards, facing her. "Ain't that mean we're outside of existence?"

"Not quite. It's like... Hm. Picture it as a bunch of little valleys running parallel." She sits next to you. "In between those banks are mountains. We carve our way through the mountains, which is space and time, and cruise through the valleys, which are just space." She frowns. "Did you get that?"

"Sorta. We're inside space without time?"

"There we are." She snaps a finger and begins clapping. "You're finally coming around."

You rub the back of your head. "It's more like you finally made a half-coherent analogy." You look away, a smile tugging at your lips. "Why're you awake? It's the middle of the night, isn't it?" *Time works strangely around here, anyhow.*

"Coffee and old shows in Control." She sits next to you, legs swinging off the catwalk. "There's a quote from one of the episodes. It's from one of the fairy tales I used to read about, actually.

"There's a shepherd boy, a wise kid. He answers everything to satisfaction, and he became famous for that. An old king summons him, and asks the shepherd boy three questions. If his answers satisfy the kind, he'll be taken in as a prince.

"For the first question, the king asks 'How many drops of water are there in the ocean?' The boy answers with 'Close off all the rivers feeding into the seas, and then I will count the drops in the ocean for you, Milord.' The king found his answer satisfactory, and asked him the second question."

You're wondering where she's getting at by waxing philosophical, or poetic. Can't quite tell. You do know to shut your mouth, though, so you nod along.

"'How many stars are there in the sky?'"

She stops for a brief moment, looking upwards, before forcing a smile and continuing.

"The boy asks the king for a large sheet of paper and a pen. The king grants his wish, and the boy dots the paper with tiny pinpricks of ink, so many that you'd die of old age before counting all of them. He answers, 'There are just as many stars as there are points on this paper, Milord.' The king couldn't be bothered counting them, and both of them knew. The king found the boy's answer satisfactory, and asked him a third question."

"'How many seconds are there in Eternity?'"

You know where this one is going, but not its relevance. You nod along anyways.

"The boy composes himself for a moment before he answers. He takes a breath, before speaking.

"'There's a diamond mountain to the south of these lands, Milord. It is two-and-a-half miles tall, two-and-a-half miles wide, and two-and-a-half miles...' Deep?" She's checking her notes. "How's a mountain 'deep?'"

You elbow her. "Cheater."

She scowls. "You wanna hear it or not?"

You do, so you lean back. "Carry on."

Ari clears her throat. "'Once a century, a little bird comes and sharpens its beak on the mountain. When the mountain is worn to dust, then one second of Eternity will have passed.'" She stops, looking you dead in the eye. "You didn't see anything."

You bow. "No, Milady."

A smile tugs at her face, before she folds the paper back into her bag. "How long do you think it'll take before this train stops? It's lasted for a long time, that's for sure. Probably older than human civilization. But..."

You shrug. "What makes you think it's a train?"

"Car doors. The flooring. The carpet." She glances upwards. "You've never been on a train?"

You shake your head, before realizing she isn't looking at you. "No. Not the 'overnight' kind."

"It's nice. Took one from Munich to Paris when I was a kid. It was a fun trip." She picks at her nails. "I barely remember any of it. Price of growing up, I guess."

*Fair. But...* "What's with the story all of a sudden? Feels a bit odd."

She smiles. It's vivid and bright, and in your mind, you could swear there's a shimmer to it.

There's something deeply sad about it.

"Look up."

You do. 

There are no stars in the sky. The nearest river is unfathomably distant.

"So, what?"

You're answered with the blare of an alarm and the muffled impact of leather on metal. You look over. Ari's gone. The flashlight is on the ground, as is her bag.

"Ari? This is a sick joke you're playing, you asshole."

Your hands shake. You rifle through her bag. The tablet, the note, a water bottle. You unfold the note as carefully as you can, as if it would vanish the second you drop it. The alarm pierces at your ears, and you rush through the kitchen, through the Terrarium, through Medical's white sheets. When you get to Control, every screen is flashing the same warning in bright red:

***External Interference Detected!***

You turn off the alarm and stare at the *Ouroboros*' report. Ari is gone. So is everything that she was wearing at the time, so's a small portion of Monitoring's catwalk, which is being replaced. You scroll down to the cause, and find an unhelpful "rubber-banding" as the answer.

You pull yourself away from the screen and open her bag, finding her note and the tablet. You unfold the note and read. The front is the story. It's in her handwriting, carefully etched. It smells of wood and lemons. You flip it over, and find something else scrawled there.

"1825491 for the tablet and Control."

"I'm sorry."

*What the **fuck** is going on?*

You tuck the note back into the bag and make your way to the Terrarium. You sit in front of the fountain, powering on the tablet and typing in the code.

*You were checking your watch. You got more paranoid near the end. You set that book aside for* me, *didn't you? That's why you were hesitating, you didn't have a lie ready.*

*You dick. You knew this would happen.*

You fail it the first time, and the second. For the third, you punch the numbers in carefully.

It unlocks. The first thing that catches your eye is the Notes app, which you open. It's full of schematics, imported from Control. There's sheet music, there's recipes, there's a complete log of all her thoughts.

You know you aren't making it there right now.

For the briefest of moments, you're alone in this Hell, all by yourself.

You pull up your knees and begin to cry.

---

"Simon Haller. Eight days since Ari went, uh, missing."

Your voice plays back at you, ragged and raw. It booms throughout Control.

"I did a full sweep, just in case. The Archives and Terrarium are too big for me to go through, so I decided to take everything else. Nothing at all. Thus concludes the journey, I guess."

You hit pause, and look at yourself as you are on screen.

Dirty. Messy hair. Red eyes. Emaciated.

You hit play.

"She was smiling. I would draw it, but I suck at drawing. It's fine." The digital you smiles weakly at the camera. "I got all the time in the world to learn how."

Digital you looks down towards the tablet. "I never found out how she was playing the piano. I'll get to that later, I guess. Why the Hell am I recording? Not like anybody else will find out to listen."

The you onscreen shrugs. "Haller out. Maybe for a while."

You close the recording and stare at the black screen, at your reflection. It's neater than it was all that time ago.

Two hundred and twenty three days. The same amount of time she spent alone. That's how long you've been waiting.

You've scoured the ship, as the video said. You've gone a lot farther into the *Ouroboros*' storage. Ari's recorded herself, too. You've finished watching all of them today.

Deeper than that, there's massive, unplayable files. They're counted in an denomination you can't even guess, so you leave them untouched, though you know what they are.

More importantly, you've closed all the loose ends.

*Why didn't I wake up in the bedrooms past the Terrarium?*

*Why'd she pale so much for off comments?*

You turn on the microphone, and start recording.

"Simon Haller. Two hundred and twenty three days."

The man on screen looks cleaner than he did in the last few recordings. You parse the lines on his face and find anger tucked inside.

"So. I finally managed to crack the encryptions. Turns out that she hid it in some sheet music." He leans back into the chair with an audible *creak.* "Not the only thing she's hid." He gestures vaguely. "That room I woke up in? The car she never talked about?"

"It's a fucking *fabricator.* Huge one. It's how she got the wallpaper, the carpets, the bed, all of it."

He leans forward. "And me. She quite literally *made* me. I doubt she did it herself, just gave the order to. A human's too complex for another human to know everything. Somewhere, in those files behind this damned monitor, is *me.* I don't even know if I'm *real* or not!" He slams the desk, and the camera shakes.

"I..." He's hyperventilating. "Okay. Enough of that, enough." He rubs his eyes. "I don't know, man. I'm just tired. Look, today's been rough, okay? I'm normally more composed." He stares into the camera. "Haller out."

---

"Hey. Haller here." He's smiling, holding the camera. There are bags under his eyes, but the his voice sounds excited. "I think I can play a decent thing now. Look." He sets the recorder atop the piano. He's in the fabricator for sure. "Look. Or hear."

He looks calmer. There's a hint of sorrow in his eyes, but it's more the mist of morning than a rainstorm.

It's a short piece. There's the odd note out, but it's mostly good. After two minutes he stops and grins at the camera. "It's better. Not as good as she was, but it's pretty damn good." He grabs the camera again. "I'm only halfway through, but I can play to tempo now. Uh... Did I tell the time?" He didn't. The next video plays.

"Haller." He's in the Archives, sitting on a bench across from the camera.

"Haller!" He's in the kitchen, waving a knife haphazardly.

"Simon." He's in the Terrarium, the night sky brilliant above him.

"Haller." Monitoring. He's wearing glasses now,

"Hall-er." Piano. He plays faster, clearer.

"Hey, it's me." Piano again.

"Hello, world." Archives.

"Haller." Terrarium.

They're all wearing different expressions. Sad, happy, contemplative. A thousand videos of a life, playing on every screen in Control.

With each video that passes, he gets older.

---

"Hey. It's me again." Simon's older, with graying hair, wrinkles crossing his face. Lonely, sure, but still happy. "I figured out what the files are for. They're fabricator recipes for *me.* My noggin, specifically." He taps his head with a knowing smile. "There's a lot of them. I do mean a *lot.* Here, hold up." He grabs the camera, pointing it towards the screen. "Can't count them. This has been going on for a while, I guess." He sets the camera down, and scrolls for a few minutes.

It's an endless wall of data. Each Simon, every Simon, ever.

Slight variations of him. Altered by...

"...I think she named the craft." Different video. Simon's using a cane now, standing in the middle of Control. "It fits too, I guess. All those files are me. It's a bootstrap paradox from Hell." He gestures at the camera. "Each time I, uh, die, I guess, I'm recorded. They're not going to be used as templates for the next me, obviously, but they're there. Base me is the topmost file, prefaced with a *0*." He leans on his cane, a pose straight out of an old film. "I finished a couple of books today. Went out for a run in the Terrarium. I think I figured out why she went missing."

The video ends, and the last record begins to play.

You lean in.

---

"Hey."

The camera feed is black. It's the inside of the monitoring room.

"I think I might genuinely bite it soon. I'm not showing you my face for now. I look terrible."

Darkness and breathing. 

"Any second now."

Three minutes.

"Any second, now. Come on."

A brilliant explosion of light and color. Simon groans for a second, before laughing. "There it is! I've been waiting on that one for a while. I've missed it. For a while, to boot. Didn't think it would happen in my lifetime, but wouldn'tcha know?"

The laughter continues for a few moments before fading. Stars float by.

"Ari. You set this up. I know you did. You did it because I told you, because you watched me tell you. You're watching me right now, long after I'm gone." He clears his throat

"Listen and do me a favor. I know about your 'rubber-banding' with time. I've watched all of your videos, had to translate them from German." He pauses. "You're caught up in some timey-wimey stuff. I ended up watching that show too, y'know. I don't know how you burnt your own house down. I don't know how it caused you to end up here, nor how it took you outta here. Anyways. If you've gotten this far, you know when it'll happen." The camera shakes as Simon presumably adjusts his position. "Don't be an asshole next iteration."

There's a solid minute of silence.

"The train's rumbling again. It's nice." There's the sound of metal clanging, the *Ouroboros* experiencing turbulence as it wades through a nebula. On the left side of the screen, you see white hair.

"Turns out we were never carving through the mountains. They were already carved for us in the first place. The timeless valleys have a trail from the last time around, so I course-charted the *Ouroboros* to follow through. It'll take a long time for the things onboard to reach the point where you got on, so I'm hoping nothing breaks." 

He stands- Old, frail, proud, reciting from memory:

"'There's a diamond mountain to the south of these lands, Milady. It is two-and-a-half miles tall, two-and-a-half miles wide, and two-and-a-half miles deep.'" He clears his throat as his voice echoes throughout the chamber. "'Once a century, a little bird comes and sharpens its beak on the mountain. When the mountain is worn to dust, then one *second* of Eternity will have passed!'" He spreads his hands, laughing, before catching himself. "Shit. Shouldn't have done that."

The stars pass above the camera. He sits down, face shadowed.

"Maybe one second of Eternity's already passed here. Maybe it'll keep passing, over and over, or maybe it'll stop." He sounds older than ever, his voice far away and solemn. "Either way. I'll still be here. You, a version of you will always arrive. I, a version of me, will always be there after you're gone."

"Delete the videos after you bring the next me around. I reckon you'll be busy talking with him, so be honest and say goodbye properly next time. And speaking of." He raises the camera to his face. 

Withered. Near-dead. Smiling. Alive. You can see joy behind the lens of his glasses. "Haller, signing off. Goodnight, world."

The video goes black.

You take off the headset.

---

You sit at Control, numb. The progress bar for the main fabricator has moved from 98% to 99%, with the estimated time remaining at 20 minutes. 

"Ari."

*Yes.*

"You're watching me right now, long after I'm gone."

*I have. I am.*

You walk, stretching your hands. Eight months of near-solitude after being warped here, but it'll come to an end soon.

It bites at you as you walk past the medical bay, the bedrooms, the Terrarium, past the fabricator walls where the cycle prepares to restart. The guilt, the loneliness. Respite.

*I'm sorry I left you. I'm sorry I'll leave you.*

You fix yourself a cup of tea from the kitchen. You sit, thinking, drinking.

You make another cup. Then, another.

Then there's creaking and a slam. You glance over, and the fabricator's glass door is open.

You walk over to the room, before knocking twice.

"Hello? Are you awake?"

---

> This article contains an excerpt from *[*https:*en.wikisource.org/wiki/Grimm%27s_Household_Tales,_Volume_2/The_Shepherd_Boy The Shepherd Boy]// (1819) by Jacob Grimm and Wilhelm Grimm, translated by Margaret Raine Hunt (Public Domain).

<< [SCP-9464](SCP-9464) | SCP-9465 | [SCP-9466](SCP-9466) >>
