=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9131

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:**

Only one individual is to enter any SCP-9131 instance at a time.

SCP-9131-745 is located in the third-floor testing chamber-26 within Site-17.

Mobile Task Force PHI-67, "Underhanders" A MTF focused on investigating anomalous criminal organizations, scamming groups, Ponzi schemes, and underground fighting rings. is to be tasked with contacting groups of interest known to be in possession of SCP-9131 instances and retrieving them.

 All retrieved SCP-9131 instances are to be catalogued and ~~neutralized with appropriate explosive charges.~~

**Description:** SCP-9131 is the collective designation for an unknown number of objects possessing enclosed spaces. Extensive testing has revealed that the material composition of  SCP-9131 instances can only be altered from matter inside the instance.

When the number of non-vegetative lifeforms within an SCP-9131 instance becomes two or more, said lifeforms will eventually engage in physical combat regardless of circumstance.

The nature of this effect is as of yet unknown and under review.

**Discovery:** SCP-9131 was first discovered on July 20th, 2027 during a containment breach in Site-17, in which D-3658 & D-2291 managed to flee the site through a demolished wall. After reaching a nearby town, the two entered SCP-9131-745 presumably to call a getaway driver.

The properties of SCP-9131, as well as the bodies of the D-class were documented five hours later due to a police call by a witness.

**History:** SCP-9131 was manufactured through unknown means by GOI-247 ("The Scarlet Spector"), a religious crime syndicate created from the fragments of the Chicago Specter and The Church of His Holiness in Red.

SCP-9131 was mainly used in hazing rituals for new members, installing the hierarchical ideologies of the group while isolating them from consensus society. All combat between these members was recorded as insurance against law enforcement or sold as pornography.

While the Scarlet Specter was eventually dissolved after concentrated raids on their compounds by Mobile Task Force PHI-67, newer information concludes that various SCP-9131 instances were lent to other groups of interest long before, resulting in current containment procedures.

**Addendum-1:** Interview Log-A

The following is an interview between a former member of the Scarlet Specter and Dr. Mikel Compton.

[BEGIN LOG]

---

**COMPTON:** Let’s start with who you are.

**KOCH:** Austin Koch, 25. Been with the specter for a few years before they went under.

**COMPTON:** Do you consider yourself a member of the Scarlet Specter?

**KOCH:** What kind of question is that?

**COMPTON:** Standard for cult cases, just having your mental state.

**KOCH:** I don’t spend 5 years in rehab to be judged about my mental state.

**COMPTON:** I’m taking that as a "no". Anyway, could you tell us more about the specter’s operations and how they relate to SCP-9131?

**KOCH:** There’s really not much to talk about. In retrospect, I joined while the ship was still sinking, so I wasn’t told much. Most of the shit they let us see was for intimidation more than anything. Refuse to follow orders? They put you against your day-1. Leave the family? You’ll be choking out your baby brother by tomorrow.

**COMPTON:** Wow.

**KOCH:** Yea. For what it’s worth, I'm sure there was some sort of magic bullshit you’d be more interested in. I don’t take it for much more than a torture device, but I can’t deny the blood-soaking thing is quite odd the more I think about it.

**COMPTON:** We assumed it was a way of hiding evidence of the fights.

**KOCH:** Same here, but when you’re attending sermons about some blood-red god every other week, it gets another meaning.

**COMPTON:** Were you not that involved with the religious side of the group?

**KOCH:** Nobody was. Maybe except for the founders? The faith was more of a set dressing to keep the unwanted out, and the prayers were just loyalty tests more than anything.

**COMPTON:** I see. Did you ever witness an SCP-9131 being made? Or knew when or how they were manufactured?

**KOCH:** Yes and no. Never actually saw how they did it, but the preachers said they represented the true nature of mankind or whatever. Which was a lie because they did it to the animals too, I guess all the 'survival of the fittest' freaks talk the same.

**COMPTON:** The animals?

**KOCH:** You don’t know? Makes sense, the higher-ups kept the smaller ones closer. Used the cars for deals and the phone booths as traps. They made a whole game out of putting a fuckton of scorpions in shit inside the same little box to see which one makes it out.

**COMPTON:** Do you believe there was a threshold for the size of the instances?

**KOCH:** Nope. The boxes were never the focus, so the rest of what I remember is sparse. They don’t work on plants tho, if you were wondering. Don’t know why.

**COMPTON:** Anything else to add?

**KOCH:** Not now, though I'm sure you'll find more looking inward. Don't miss the forest for the trees and all that.

**COMPTON:** Thank you for your time.

[END LOG]

---

**NOTE:** *I am issuing a formal request for the proactive usage of SCP-9131 instances during the cross-testing of anomalies, aswell as forensic analysis of potential thaumic protection seals.*

---

**Addendum-2:** Example Instances

The following is a curated list of SCP-9131 instances discovered throughout the American continent.

| DESIGNATION | DESCRIPTION | STATUS |
| --- | --- | --- |
| SCP-9131-223 | A red 2016 Honda Civic. | Contained |
| SCP-9131-463 | An empty lectern | Contained |
| SCP-9131-899 | A plastic mold of a human mouth and jaw | Neutralized |
| SCP-9131-615 | An Amazon-brand zen booth | Contained |
| SCP-9131-784 | A standard boxing ring with a cloth stitched to it | Neutralized |
| SCP-9131-129 | An industrial fishing net | Neutralized |
| SCP-9131-976 | A closed animal hospital in Texas | Contained |
| SCP-9131-878 | An IPhone-12 | Contained |
| SCP-9131-264 | A Trash shute | Contained |
| SCP-9131-993 | A straw basket | Contained |
| SCP-9131-123 | A collection of 33 human hands | Neutralized |
| SCP-9131-732 | A taxidermy Komodo Dragon | Contained |
| SCP-9131-129 | A church confessional booth | Neutralized |
| SCP-9131-976 | A grey dodecahedron | Contained |
| SCP-9131-845 | D-2848209 | Neutralized |
---

**Addendum-3:** Interview Log-B

The following is an additional interview between Dr. Mikel Compton and Senior Researcher Elise Parker of the Applied Thaumaturgy Department regarding the nature of SCP-9131.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**PARKER:** Run me through your concerns regarding 9131.

**COMPTON:** They're more questions than concerns. I wanted to get your department's analysis on record.

**PARKER:** Alright then.

**COMPTON:** Now, Ms. Parker, do you believe that SCP-9131 is thauamturgic in nature?

**PARKER:** Its complicated,  though we haven't found any traces of workings or EVE around the instances themselves. Or any evidence of them being thaumic constructs.

**COMPTON:** Maybe they were hidden?

**PARKER:** You can't hide something like this. And regardless, this is a pretty special case as far as cult rituals go. However, that doesn't necessarily mean they weren't made with thaumaturgy.

**COMPTON:** How so?

**PARKER:** Well, magic is a fickle thing. And the parameters on what makes a working are practically arbitrary.

**COMPTON:** I'm not getting it.

**PARKER:** To put it simply, the answer lies in belief in the working. Although they're usually separated in documentation, Akiva Radaiton and Elan Vital Energy rely on similar principles. For example, did Koch ever report seeing an instance being used?

**COMPTON:** No?

**PARKER:** But he still believed they were real. Even though every death caused by the instances could be explained in a non-anomalous fashion, Koch had no trouble following the cultural consensus.

**COMPTON:** Are you suggesting that belief in the existence of the instances made them real?

**PARKER:** Considering that we have no proper evidence of thaumaturgy, that is definitely plausible.

**COMPTON:** But the cult wasn't nearly big enough to incite such specific alterations in reality.

**PARKER:** Indeed. But seeing how they were so eager to lend instances to other groups, there's a possibility that most of the required belief was "outsourced".

**COMPTON:** Is there a possibility that the anomaly is of a...divine nature?

**PARKER:** Unlikely. As if it were the god of enclosed spaces or something, then surely it would've shown up sooner and be much more influential.

**COMPTON:** I mean, I don't think that many people worship enclosed spaces.

**PARKER:** But they cherish their homes, their land, hell, their phones! Worship isn't limited to prayer and prostration.

**COMPTON:** Alright, how will these observations impact containment efforts?

**PARKER:** Currently? I'm not sure. Though you should expect an eventual drop in instances and their anomalous effects, considering the recent fallout of the cult itself. I would say more research is warranted.

**COMPTON:** Do you belive that cross-testing with SCP-9131 would be safe?

**PARKER:** Exposing the anomaly to more "believers" could stabilize its anomalous properties, but i cant deny the half-hearted knowledge we currently possess regarding 9131. Especially its dimensional prerequisites.

**COMPTON:** Hmm?

**PARKER:** The anomaly only works on things with "enclosed" spaces, but that's a frankly ill-defined parameter. Not something you can easily put on a hidden magic seal. Either way, i think you need to start thinking more inward.

**COMPTON:** Inward huh...

[END LOG]

---

**Addendum-5:** Testing Log

The following are two rounds of tests conducted on SCP-9131-154 A large steel box with an opening hatch. with various insects.

<details>
<summary>+ First Round of Testing.</summary>

| TEST NUMBER | PROCEDURE | RESULTS |
| --- | --- | --- |
| TEST-01 | D-3322 asked to destroy the box with a variety of blunt objects for 30 minutes. | No visible sign of damage recorded. |
| TEST-02 | The box is submerged in molten iron for 24 hours. | No visible sign of damage recorded. |
| TEST-03 | 50 explosive charges are detonated around the box. | No visible sign of damage recorded. |
| TEST-04 | Destruction became [inside.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2719 ) The box went inside. | No visible sign of damage recorded. |
| TEST-05 | Thaumic artillery bombardment was used on the box. | No visible sign of damage recorded. |
---

****NOTES:**** I needed to confirm the anomalies' durability before the main tests. Safe to say we were smart to keep a few around, as these objects have the potential to be quite useful for security purposes.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>+ Second Round of testing.</summary>

| TEST NUMBER | PROCEDURE | RESULTS |
| --- | --- | --- |
| TEST-06 | Two Hercules beetles were left in the box for one hour. | Both beetles were found to have terminated each other after 15 minutes. |
| TEST-07 | Two fire ants were placed in the box with two cubes of sugar near them. | Both ants were found to have terminated each other after 2 hours. |
| TEST-08 | Two newborn caterpillars were placed atop a sheet of foliage in the box. | Both caterpillars were found to have terminated each other. The smell of phosphorus was reported to be emitted from the foliage. |
| TEST-09 | Eight fire ants of two different colonies were divided and placed in the box with a cube of sugar near them. | While the number of ants doubled during the test duration, all ants were found terminated within the box after 12 hours. |
| TEST-10 | Two bees of the same colony were placed in the box for 1 hour with a thaumic seal of paralysis carved into a paper sheet in the box. | Both bees were found to have terminated each other. The thaumic seal seemingly expiring earlier than expected. |
| TEST-11 | 500 water bears were placed in the box, which was also filled with [SCP-447.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-447 ) | [REDACTED] |
| TEST-12 | Two potted rose flowers were placed into the box along with an unobserved assortment of insects. | Both rose flowers remained alive, the wings of one of the insects appearing to complete the roses' leaves. |
| TEST-13 | D-2233 was placed in the box along with a nematode. | D-2233 was found terminated via breakdown of organ systems. |
| TEST-14 | The box was opened and placed near two Hercules beetles. | The beetles walked into the box and terminated each other after 108 hours. |
| TEST-15 | Two AIC. models contained in small plastic vessels were taped on top of the American & Chinise flags, respectively, and placed in the box. | Results pending. |
---

****NOTES:**** I should've looked outwards sooner.

</details>

---

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

**Addendum-6:** Update

On March First, 2028, Dr. Mikel Compton requested the delivery of extended simulation software from the Department of Temporal Anomalies to use in further testing. This would result in the discovery of an additional SCP-9131 instance three days later.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

---

The instance has been henceforth designated [SCP-9131-001](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8218 ). Reclassification is pending.

---

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-9130](SCP-9130) | SCP-9131 | [SCP-9132](SCP-9132) >>

> **Filename:** White payphone.jpg

> **Author:** RM21

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:White_payphone.jpg

> **Filename:** Ocean world Earth.jpg

> **Author:** NASA, Apollo 11

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ocean_world_Earth.jpg
