**Item #:** SCP-9947

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9947 is to be kept in a 3x3 cm box made of carbon steel with a lockable door. In the ~~Light Containment Wing~~ Moderate Containment Wing. The keys to the door are to be held by Level-3+ personnel.

SCP-9947 is pending movement to the Moderate Containment Wing of site-██ by order of the O5 Council

 after giving multiple personnel serious illnesses in the first five months of containment.

**Description**

SCP-9947 has been observed to release Carbon Monoxide in the containment chamber. When inspected further, it was discovered to come from the packaging. The Peanuts themselves were inspected and are not releasing any gas.

The Foundation has recreated SCP-9947 on multiple occasions to assist in researching the anomaly. The recreated versions are to be locked in more 3x3 cm boxes in the observation room. 

After the symptoms fade the consumed peanut will reappear in the packaging in perfect condition.

3 days after consumption the consumer will gain an uknown illness reffered to as SCP-9947-2 or simply "Sen" Symptoms include

* Weaker Limbs

* ~~Vomiting~~ Cured

* Headaches

* Potential Food Poisoning

* ~~Migranes~~ Cured

* Stomach Aches

* Violence

* Potential Death

* Minor Loss of Vision

**Testing Procedures:** In order to enter the containment chamber, you must enter via the airlock while wearing a hazmat suit. Security is to order the D-class to enter the separate testing chamber. You will take a peanut and exit the containment chamber. Decontamination will automatically begin when Door 2 closes. You are to enter the testing chamber, give the D-class the peanut, and instruct the D-class on what to do next.

**Crosstesting this anomaly is prohibited without authorisation from an Ethics Committee Senior or higher.**

**Incident Procedures**

In the case that an instance of SCP-9947 is consumed, it is to be reported to a member of the Security Department. Security is to restrain the consumer and put them into a padded cell. After 3 days, the Psychology Sub-Department will interview the consumer and will determine if they must stay in for another day based on the collected data.
