**SCP-9614** - Old Doll.

**Author:** 

**Theme by:** 

[local lesbian commie's author page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local-lesbian-commie-s-secret-hideout)

**Item #:** SCP-9614

**Object Class:** Chained

**Special Containment Procedures:** The place of recovery has been made property of the Special Collections Program. Item is to be monitored and kept in its chamber at all times. Casualties in Site-20 are being investigated.

**Description:** Object seized from a clandestine art gallery in December 1997. SCP-9614 is the animated corpse of an eyeless pale woman. The item wears minimal antique clothing, and thin barbed wire extends up from its neck, hands, and feet until disappearing at an uncertain point above its head. Exposed bones, rotting tissue, and a few defensive marks on the forearms are visible. It remains floating two centimeters above the ground at all times.

SCP-9614 appears to be murmuring much of the time, though it speaks at a volume so low as to be inaudible. At increasingly irregular intervals the object attempts to interact with the surroundings, but fails to overcome the barbed wire "puppet strings" restricting its movements.

SCP-9614 was believed to be non-hostile following zero resistance upon its retrieval and containment. However, since the object's arrival at Site-20, multiple Program employees have been found dead during working hours. Their cause of death has been ruled to be asphyxiation. Camera footage shows the victims levitating through an unseen force and clawing at their necks before expiring.

The surveillance team has once reported that SCP-9614 abruptly went missing from its chamber, but dispatched personnel confirmed it had remained in containment all along. While within the item's chamber, one staffmember reported hearing SCP-9614 apologetically murmuring in Italian, though this report has remained uncorroborated so far. Nevertheless, it is known that whispers are still often heard throughout the art gallery it was recovered from, and this phenomenon will be further examined.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

> **Filename:** Creepy me.jpg

> **Author:** J3SSL33

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Creepy_me.jpg)

> **Additional Info:** This image was edited.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

 << [SCP-9613](SCP-9613) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9615](SCP-9615) >> 

@@ @@
