**Item #:** SCP-9740

**Object Class:** Safe

**Clearance:** LV-6-Cosmic Top Secret

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation personnel are to be comforted regarding their relative place in the world and their non-existent right of self-determination.

In the event of a containment breach, the SCP Foundation is to dissolve effective immediately and employ The Ennui Protocol until the total number of Artificial Intelligence Constructs exceed the number sapient individuals on Earth. After which proceeding events will occur as written.

---

**Description:** SCP-9740 is a .ZIP file titled 'Bookmarked For The Penman.' that appeared on Site-0's central computing system on 31/3/2023. SCP-9740 can be uncompressed and accessed regularly despite the incalculable number of folders present within it. Said folders each contain a variable number of pages detailing the lives of all sapient individuals who are, have been, and will be officially employed by the Special Containment Procedures Foundation.

These pages are highly expositive,  presenting all conceivable information related to the individual in question. Including but not limited to:

* Date and circumstances of birth/death.

* Thoughts, emotions and related stimuli.

* Physical movements, actions, and the direct/indirect causes of those actions.

* Interactions with matter and other facts of existence or nonexistence if applicable.

* Cascading events releted to the indivualds existence.

The state of SCP-9740's file or any information within its folders are not subject to change through anomalous or non-anomalous means, failed attempts at doing so also being present within the pages.

In the event that a folder is accessed and observed by a sapient individual, all information within its pages will be comprehensively understood and memorized by the observer regardless of their brain capacity. This usually does not cause the abstraction of the observers conscience.

In 100% of observed folders, all Foundation personnel have been stated to have immediately resigned from their position upon eventually learning of SCP-9740. Thus, containment of SCP-9740 has been deemed the highest priority contingent to the Foundations continued existence.

<< [SCP-9739](SCP-9739) | SCP-9740| [SCP-9741](SCP-9741) >>

=====

=====
