# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 4/9939 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 4/XXXX AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

<details>
<summary>Input Level 4 Credentials</summary>

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9939 should be contained in a 30 m x 30 m x 15 m underground chamber located 10 meters underground, filled with rock and minerals. SCP-9939 must remain under constant surveillance to prevent escape. All entry points leading to SCP-9939 should always be guarded by two personnel. 

When adding additional material to the containment unit every two weeks, SCP-9939 should be moved to a 7 m x 7 m x 7 m cube connected to its main chamber by one airlock. The process should be done in 15 minutes or less.

Test subjects should enter through 3 airlocks and 1 checkpoint to prevent contamination of the chamber. Testing on SCP-9939 should only occur during times when the entity is resting to prevent the endangerment of staff. Level 4 clearance required to access SCP-9939.

Following Incident-9939-4, D-Class must be disciplined and must take the Safety Test-9939 before candidates for testing are decided.

 

**Description:** SCP-9939 is a 5-meter-tall humanoid golem with iridescent eyes, made up of dirt, rock, and other minerals. Originally located at Site-228, it was moved to Site-19 because of the lack of space. SCP-9939 primarily consumes dirt, rock, and one live animal every two weeks.

SCP-9939 requires the iron in blood to keep itself alive. It is noted that SCP-9939 hunts by waiting and luring prey, a process that will result in SCP-9939 successfully consuming the blood of the prey in most cases. Additionally, SCP-9939 is capable of sensing heartbeats within 250 meters. SCP-9939 is also capable of reconstruction if destroyed.

It is also thought that, due to the amount of iron in SCP-9939, ~~theoretically~~, it can release EMPs (electromagnetic pulses) and disrupt radio communications. The site's Electromagnetic Research Subdivision is currently testing solutions to this problem.

It is thought that SCP-9939 was created in the late 16th century. According to interviews and research conducted by Dr. Sheppard, Dr. █████, and others, SCP-9939 seems to have █████ origins, with an indirect connection to the ██████ ████. It is also suggested by Dr. █████ that SCP-9939 was created in opposition to the [Golem of Prague](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-golem-of-prague ) by ██████ followers. Sightings of SCP-9939 started in the late 1930s when a golem-like being was reported near the foothills of the Czech side of Mt. Sněžka. The sighting was brushed off by locals until the 1940s, when SCP-9939 moved to the attic of the Old-New Synagogue, and 2 weeks later, a Nazi officer mysteriously died in the attic. This is the first recorded hostile behavior of SCP-9939. No further sightings were documented or reported again for 52 years.

**Update 1/9/1998:** SCP-9939 has acknowledged the Golem of Prague residing in the Old-New Synagogue, where SCP-9939 had described hiding from it during recent interviews by Dr. Sheppard.

SCP-9939 was resighted in 1992 near the summit of Sněžka. This reached the attention of the Foundation, and Mobile Task Force Eta-77 ("Sphere Within Spheres") was deployed to recover the entity.

Upon arrival, SCP-9939 was observed hunting and eating a weasel. Although the majority of the carcass of the weasel was left behind, it was discovered in an analysis that 97% of the blood was missing, consumed by SCP-9939. Eta-77 quickly secured and successfully contained SCP-9939. The entity was kept at Site-228 for two months before being relocated to Site-19.

Rabbi █████ ██████ (later given amnestics) was questioned on the alleged "Jewish" golem, and the Foundation was allowed to contain SCP-9939 after it was concluded that SCP-9939 had come into contact with SCP-███ in 1930 due to records of ███████ behaviour, eliminating any association of the anomaly with Judaism like the different Golem of Prague. However, it is documented that SCP-9939 often communicates in Hebrew, and on occasion, in Latin  The switch to Latin by SCP-9939 is probably due to the anomaly becoming more aggravated, but more research is required until a conclusion can be made. . Despite being able to understand English, it is recommended to ask questions during tests in Hebrew. English should only be used when SCP-9939 has been fed a live animal or is docile and shows no signs of irritation.

**Incident-9939-4**

Throughout the course of SCP-9939's first 3 months in Site-19, the entity had breached containment three times. Although it chose to stay back when provided a live deer, dents were still visible on the hallways above and had to be repaired. During Test 9939-C7, SCP-9939 had become agitated when D-7345 had exhibited violent and destructive behavior towards the entity. 

**Update 3/4/2005:** It has now been concluded that D-7345 had severe mental issues based on behavior with previous anomalies and SCP-9939.

View through the digital chest camera mounted on D-7345.

---

<Begin Log>

---

*0:00* **Dr. █████:** Enter the chamber

*(0:05)* *D-7345 enters the chamber and looks for SCP-9939*. 

*(1:01)* **Dr. █████** SCP-9939 is to your left. Approach slowly.

*(1:09)* **D-7345:** 'Kay doc. Why so many plants?

*(1:12)* **Dr. █████** I can't answer your questions.

*(1:19)* **D-7345:** I know. Just messing. Same shit you tell me every time.

*(1:25)* *D-7345 approaches SCP-9939.*

*(1:48)* **D-7345:** Hey there, Big Chungus.

*(1:55)* **Dr. █████** Stick to the questions on your hand. You don't want to go hungry again tonight.

*(2:00)* **D-7345:** *(whispers)* Shithead. *(Normal)* Fine.

*(2:09)* *D-7345 taps SCP-9939. It slowly opens its eyes and turns to D-7345.*

*(2:20)* **SCP-9939:** עוד אחד מהצ'קים שלהם **T** Translation: "Another one of their checks"

*(2:45)* **D-7345:** What the hell did you just say? Anyways... Uh... May fo ta mag iya? 

*(2:59)* **SCP-9939:** █████ ████ אני בא מידי אדם. מבורך על ידי **T** Translation: "I come from the hands of a man. Blessed by the ███████ ███." 

*(3:07)* *D-7345 picks up a rock in the containment chamber and throws it at SCP-9939.*

*(3:09)* **D-7345:** Jackass. I am supposed to get answers from you. Not cryptic messages.

*D-7345 grabs a sharp stone and cracks part of SCP-9939*

*(3:12)* **Dr. █████** D-7345, stick to your task. You will have to be neutralized if directions aren't followed. Agitation of SCP-9939 cou-

*(3:17)* **D-7345:** Oh shut up!

*(3:18)* *D-7345 proceeds to hit SCP-9939 again*

*(3:21)* **SCP-9939:** זה מספיק! **T** Translation: Enough! 

*(3:25)* *D-7345 climbs onto the cracked portion of SCP-9939 and keeps hitting it.*

---

<End Log>

Due to D-7345's actions, SCP-9939 had responded violently and successfully emitted an EMP, disabling technology and electronics for all of Site-19. 

View through cameras located in SCP-9939's containment chamber.

---

<Begin Log>

---

*(3:29)* **SCP-9939:** חרגת מהגבול, חייל מעבדה! **T** Translation: "You have crossed the line, lab rat!" 

*(3:34) SCP-9939 throws D-7345 onto the ground. The entity stands up, breaking the ceiling.*

*(3:34):* **D-7345:** Fu-

*(3:35) SCP-9939 crushes D-7345 and releases an electromagnetic pulse*

---

<End Log>

The following video logs were recovered and restored after SCP-9939 had released an EMP.

View through Hallway 6L Camera 02

---

<Begin Log>

*(5:23) Walls are visible crumbling as security guards run through the hallway. SCP-9939 crashes through a large doorway with hands covered with blood. Unintelligible yelling is heard as gunfire directed at SCP-9939 does no damage as it charges forward.*

*(5:58)* **Sgt. Denis Clain:** Someone get the damn AT-4!

*(6:12) A heavily armored guard aims an anti-tank gun at SCP-9939 and pulls the trigger. The blast had blown the golem into multiple pieces.*

*(6:27)* **Corp. Vance Flemming:** Is it gone?

*(6:34) As the debris clears, the pieces of SCP-9939 slowly move together and reform into the main body.*

*(6:48)* **SCP-9939:** (*Unintelligible*)

*(7:04) SCP-9939 is seen picking up Corp. Vance Flemming and throwing him at the security personnel, knocking them all down. The golem then rips the gate from the wall and drops it onto them. It then walks away slowly into Sector 2.*

---

<End Log>

View through HelmCAM N7B

---

<Begin Log>

*(24:09) MTF Nu-7 ("Hammer Down") enters through multiple points in the building. Their scans indicate that multiple anomalies are located in the East Wing.*

*(25: 17)* **Alpha:** Echo and Delta, I need you two to get to the control room. See what we can prevent and restore.

*(25:20) Echo and Delta are seen diverging from the group and entering a staircase to their right. The rest of the team continues panning the hallways as they hear the first crash. In an instant, rifles and lasers were pointed to the source of the crash. It was identified as SCP-9939.*

*(25:53)* **Bravo:** AT-4!

*The camera shakes as Bravo launches the AT-4. It hits the center of  SCP-9939, demolishing it.*

*(26:00)* **Alpha** Get them pieces and isolate them! We all saw the footage.

*(26:14) All pieces of SCP-9939 were controlled.*

<End Log>

---

**UPDATE 4/9/2020:** Video log moments after 26:14 have been corrupted due to a second EMP from SCP-9939.

SCP-9939 was later temporarily recontained by having the pieces of the anomaly contained in different cubicles, which were filled with water and made of tempered glass. It was later returned to its original containment after four months of repair and renovation. However, the entity had later left a message carved into the cubicle that contained its head portion:

Cur rodentium laboratorii id fecit? Aegerne erat? Nunc vides quid accidit cum mecum male gesseris. Proximo tempore fortasse temptabo. **T** Translation: Why did the lab rat do that? Was he ill? Now you see what happens when you misbehave with me. Next time, I might try. 

(Same text in Hebrew)

למה העכבר במעבדה עשה את זה? האם הוא היה חולה? עכשיו אתה רואה מה קורה כאשר אתה מתנהג רע כלפיי. בפעם הבאה, אולי אנסה. **T** Translation: Why did the lab rat do that? Was he ill? Now you see what happens when you misbehave with me. Next time, I might try. 

---

**Video Test-Log 9939-H**

Based on a new study by Dr. Sheppard and Dr. █████, the history of SCP-9939 during the 1938-1944 period has become clearer, providing insight into SCP-9939's motives. 

**Disclaimer:** For the use of English, SCP-9939 was fed a *Capreolus capreolus.*  Roe deer. 

---

**D-10344, Herman Flemming, has scored 100% on the Safety Test-9939. #1 candidate for testing.**

---

---

---

<Begin Log>

---

**ERROR 901**

**ERROR 901**

**ERROR 901**

**ERROR 901: AUTHORIZATION NEEDED**

**ERROR 901**

---

**CLEARANCE UPDATED...**

...

...

...

---

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

**You are now authorized.**

---

**Retrieving File...**

---

*(00:42)* **Dr. Sheppard:** D-10344, enter the chamber.

*(00:45) The sliding door hisses as it opens. D-10344 enters the chamber and the doors close with a quiet thump behind him.*

*(00:52)* **Dr. █████:** *(whispering)* Get him to ask it about its past

*(00:055)* **Dr. Sheppard:** All ready done, sir. D-10344, please hold your right hand up to the chest camera.

*(1:01) Dr. █████ inspects the questions written on the subject's hand.*

*(1:08)* **Dr. █████:** Hmm... These should work for what we need.

*(1:15)* **D-10344:** Do... I... Where do I go?

*(01:19)* **Dr. Sheppard:** Ah, yes. Just follow the rocky path and look for a large boulder or hill with a disc-like piece atop it.

*(01:26)* **D-10344:** Okay.

*(01:31) D-10344 walks across the rocky path and reaches SCP-9939. The entity is visible resting, but not asleep.*

*(01:43)* **Dr. Sheppard:** Begin asking the questions we have given you. Don't worry about the answer.

*(01:47) D-10344 obeys and begins.* 

*(01:48)* **D-10344:** Where do you come from? Do you come from... Snyesh...ka?

*(01:57)* **SCP-9939:** אני מניח שאפשר לומר זאת. אם כי, רוב הזמן עוסק בלחימה באלה... *(Unintelligible)*  Nazis  **T**  Translation: I suppose you could say that. Although, most of time was fighting those... Nazis 

*(02:13)* **Dr. █████:** *(Confused)* Scrap all the current questions. Ask it what I tell you. Why did you fight them?

*(02:18)* **D-10344:** *(To SCP-9939)* Why did you fight Nazis?

*(02:21)* **SCP-9939:** זה לא ברור? הם רדפו אחרי. כנראה כדי להשמיד אותי או לשים אותי בחדר גרוע יותר מהמקום הזה. **T**  Translation: "Isn't it obvious? They were after me. Probably to destroy me or put in a room worse than this place."  

**[DATA EXPUNGED]**

*(11:25)* **SCP-9939:** לא שאני רוצה להתגורר כאן, אני מעדיף להיות כאן מאשר במקום שהם תכננו לשים אותי בו. **T**  Translation: "Not that I would like to reside here, I would rather be here than where they had planned to put me."  

*(11:32)* **SCP-9939:** הם ידעו יותר מדי עליי... **T**  Translation: "They knew too much about me." 

*(11:38) SCP-9939 looks up and across the chamber for a few moments. Then silently faces D-10344 again. D-10344 was requested to ask another question .*

*(11:42)* **D-10344:** Tell us. We will not use it for wrongdoing.

*(11:47)* **SCP-9939:** לא אגיד לך כי זה יגרום לי סבל, ואני יודע שלא היית רוצה את זה. עם זאת, אגיד לך איפה ייתכן שתמצא את התשובות שלך. **T**  Translation: "I will not tell you for it will cause me anguish, and I know you wouldn't want that. However, I will tell you where you might find you answers." 

*(11:59)* **D-10344:** Where?

*(12:10)* **SCP-9939** *(SCP-9939's eyes become more brighter)* Parvus cellarium est in parva casula in extremis Munichen. Habent cervum rubrum in porta ante. Ibi invenies responsa tua. **T** Translation: "A small basement is in a small cabin on the outskirts of Munich. It has a red deer on the front door. You will find your answers there. 

*(12:34)* **Dr. Sheppard:** Thank it.

*(12:36)* **D-10344:** Thank you.

*(12:39)* **SCP-9939:** *(SCP-9939's eyes return to normal and faces D-9939)* על לא דבר. **T**  Translation: "You are welcome." 

---

<End Log>

---

---

The following documents were recovered by MTF Eta-77 ("Spheres Within Spheres") by following SCP-9939's directions.

**Document 9939-1940A translated:**

**Project Red Deer — Object FLUGZER  Thought to stand for "flugzeugzerstörer."  -- December 1, 1940**

...

O-FLUGZER seems to be a golem-like entity. Contact Mr. Dietrich for the full file.

**PROJECT RED DEER**

Due to O-FLUGZER posing a threat to our airplanes, vehicles, and other mechanical objects, O-FLUGZER must be destroyed or secured to extract the unknown material causing these damages. O-FLUGZER is also suspected of helping Jews escape or hide.

**Step 1:**

The current location of O-FLUGZER is thought to be in or around Sněžka. Locating this hiding spot will involve   SS-1 searching for any traces of O-FLUGZER. View the full file for the list of possible traces.

**Step 2:**

Once O-FLUGZER has been found, SS-2 and SS-3 are to secure the area while SS-1 closes the area off to the public. If any citizen or personnel outside of Project Red Deer comes into contact with O-FLUGZER, they must be terminated on sight.

**Step 3:**

O-FLUGZER will be secured by explosive weapons. SS-2 and SS-3 will dismember O-FLUGZER by any means and secure the pieces. The pieces will be put into metal cubes provided by JSS-4.

**Step 4:**

Termination of JSS-4 is to be initiated due to ██████ █████ ████ ███████ ████████ ████ ███████ ████ █ ██████ ███████████ ██.

**Step 5:**

**Initiate Phase 2**

---

---

**PHASE 2**

Once O-FLUGZER is secured, all suspected nickel, iron, and █████ is to be extracted through any means.

All collected materials are to be under the care of FLUGZER-R.

The metal cubes will then be opened in a 6 meter by 6 meter by 6 meter cube made of titanium. After the scheduled test V1 through V8 are completed, O-FLUGZER is to be terminated by █████████ or █████████.

If all else fails, initiate **Phase 3**

---

The file for phase 3 is not recoverble.

The following is the recovered report of Project Red Deer. **(Document 9939-1940B)**

**REPORT: Project Red Deer**

**Summary: Due to the deaths of 56 out of the 60 people in SS-2 and SS-3, O-FLUGZER is to be ignored.**

PRD: **Failed**. O-FLUGZER had █████████ ████ ███████ destroyed the ██████ of 56 personnel remotely, killing them instantly.

**Conclusion:** SCP-9939 has undergone irreversible change due to SCP-███ affecting all parts of the entity since c. 1921. Additionally, [DATE EXPUNGED}.

</details>

> **Filename:** Screenshot 2026-02-01 102744.png

> **Name:** SCP-GOLEM

> **Author:** Sitansh

> **License:** CC-BY-SA

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-9939)

<< [SCP-9938](SCP-9938) | SCP-9939 | [SCP-9940](SCP-9940) >>
