**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9567 is to be surrounded by a 3 meter tall electrical fencing.

Any civilians approaching SCP-9567 are to be intercepted and subsequently redirected. Any civilians who have seen SCP-9567 are to be dosed with Class-A amnestics and subsequently redirected. 

To maintain public secrecy, SCP-9567 is to be designated as a planned city, a private project that was undergoing construction that had suffered an unfortunate incident. A catastrophic chemical breach at a local plant just outside of the city led to the site becoming a hazard.

**Description:** SCP-9567 is an anomalous, fully constructed city spanning 5 square kilometers, located within the ███████████ Plains of Northern Europe. It is an anomalous city known as “Etta Tique” prior to Foundation acquisition, is inhabited by over 30,000 entities designated SCP-9567-1. SCP-9567-1 instances are visually identical to baseline humans, and baselines living creatures such as dogs, and cats but possess anatomies such as being biologically composed entirely of an unknown wax-like substance.

SCP-9567 enforces, and demands absolute adherence to specific behavioral “roles” by any living subject within its limits. These roles must be adhered to without the nuance of human beings. Due to this anomalous nature, the city has been observed to have no signs of corruption, criminal activity or disorder of any kind. An individual’s role is strictly determined by their clothing and their immediate geographical location within the city. 

The city exhibits two distinct anomalous responses to deviations from the parameters of one’s role.

Scenario 1 (Transformation): An individual who has entered SCP-9567 will be turned into an instance of SCP-9567-1 over time, the rate at which they are transformed being based on the individual’s deviation from the expected role they must act. SCP-9567-1 instances will not respond to minor deviations. Individuals in the midst of transforming into SCP-9567-1 instances can revert back to their original physical form over the course of time by leaving the limits of SCP-9567 or by adhering without deviance to one’s role while within the limits of SCP-9567.

Scenario 2 (Termination): An individual who has entered SCP-9567 will be attacked by instances of SCP-9567-1. This scenario will play out when an individual is being destructive to SCP-9567.

SCP-9567-1 properties: SCP-9567-1 instances resemble the sentient beings that it is in the image of except for seemingly being made out of wax. With SCP-9567-1 instances being mistaken for realistic wax figures when standing still.

SCP-9567-1 instances are non-hostile usually, having been observed to act out their roles with superhuman efficiency and precision. SCP-9567-1 instances can communicate, but will not respond to any questions regarding the anomalous nature of the city. Furthermore, SCP-9567-1 instances have been observed to ignore ammunition from handheld firearms, and they continue to operate despite suffering damage that would be fatal to the corresponding being they resemble. It is unknown if all instances of SCP-9567-1 are former sentient beings that have entered the cities limits though this was theorized to be unlikely by Foundation researchers,

**Addendum: Behavioral Guidelines and Roles** 

Note: Below is a summarized log of observed roles, and their required parameters but is not everything.

Roles & Locations

Behavior Parameters

Civilian

A civilian must not litter. A civilian must not cause inhibit others for prolonged periods of time, upwards of 5 minutes before the transformation into an instance of SCP-9567-1 will begin, and upwards of 15 minutes before the local law enforcement will intervene. An civilian must obey all laws.

Student

An individual dressed as a student while in an academic building for teaching must attend classes. An individual cannot skip class, sleep during class, talk during class, eat during class, interrupt the class without having followed the tutors instructions such as, “raise your hand before speaking”. A student must obey a teacher unless they have an excuse not to such as a prior arrangement. A student must obey the dress code. A student must not run in the hallways. A student must hand in their assignments on time if given assignments. A student must pass any task, quiz or exam given.

Theater Attendees

All attendees must stay seated, and silent during a performance. All attendees must applaud after a performance unless given a satisfactory reason as to why they would not applaud. All attendees must walk in good posture, head facing forward, no slouching of the arms, steady pace. All attendees must use proper language, no swear words, no informal language.

Store Customers

All customers must pay for what they are buying at the cashier without major delay. If a customer no longer desires to buy something they have put in their cart, they must put back the item in their rightful place. 

Restaurant Patrons

A guest must stay seated at their seat unless they have a valid reason not to such as going to the restroom. A guest must finish the dish they have ordered unless they have a satisfactory reason not to. A guest must pay for what they have ordered. A guest must thank the staff, and give an compliment to the chef unless they have a satisfactory reason as not to.

Medical Patients

A patient must have a physical injury of some sort to be admitted. A visitor must have a valid reason as to be visiting the medical center. 

<< [SCP-9566](SCP-9566) | SCP-9567 | [SCP-9568](SCP-9568) >>
