**Item #:** SCP-9894

**Object Class:** Humanoid

**Containment Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9894 is currently contained at Site-72's medical ward under long-term supportive care. No further procedures are needed.

**Description:** SCP-9894 is a Greek male youth estimated to be approximately 17 or 18 years of age. SCP-9894 has not aged since entering Foundation custody.

SCP-9894 possesses a serious skull fracture to the back of the head that has left it in an incapacitated state. All mundane and anomalous attempts to treat it have failed, and the injury has not been noted to improve (nor worsen) during containment. Otherwise, SCP-9894 appears to be impervious to all other ailments and injuries.

**Discovery:** SCP-9894 was one of the earliest anomalies encountered by the Foundation, having been initially discovered by the Hellenic Society for Cultural PreservationA precursor group to the Foundation formed in opposition to Ottoman rule, focused on preserving and documenting Greek heritage. in 1823, during the Greek Independence War. Several details of the initial meeting have been redacted, per O5 security protocols, but the following passage was granted to Site-72's containment team.

> *"…Georgios appears to have been correct. In the Peloponnese, we have found a festival to the ancient gods that appears to have gone unnoticed by Turks or Christians. There, handsome youths from the village of Amykles still perform the HyacinthiaA major Spartan festival dedicated to Apollo, commemorating the death of Apollo's lover Hyacinthus., singing and dancing around a tomb to honor Apollon and his lover. Inside the tomb lies another youth surrounded by rich purple flowers..."*

The HSCP established a small outpost near the tomb in order to study the anomaly, but chose to leave the ritual in place despite secrecy concerns due to cultural bias. As the HSCP developed into the Foundation, the long-standing protocols surrounding SCP-9894 were revisited, and the O5 Council agreed to take the anomaly into formal custody.

**Addendum:** Attempts to interview the anomaly have been inconclusive, as the subject does not appear to be able to sufficiently comprehend its surroundings during its rare periods of relative lucidity. However, SCP-9894 will occasionally make vocalizations in an unknown language while unconscious. In 20██, these vocalizations were recognized by Dr Jason Lycus as Mycenaean GreekA form of Greek spoken between the 16th and 12th centuries BC. Lycus was fluent due to his familiarity with GOI-004D "The Cult of the Builder", who proceeded to record and translate the next several vocalizations made by SCP-9894, which are transcribed below.

> Where are you

> You said I would [unknown, rise?]

> My love

> Do you still remember me

> Please come back

<< [SCP-9893](SCP-9893) | SCP-9894 | [SCP-9895](SCP-9895) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
