=====

=====

.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}

**%%title%% -- %%content{4}%%**

**[Calibold's Mega Cool Author Page](Calibri Bold's Mega Cool Author Page)**

**Item #:** SCP-9695

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Internal facilities operations of Candlestick Park have been outsourced to the SCP Foundation by the San Francisco Recreation & Parks Department. Every year on April 15th, Candlestick Park is to be completely closed to the public and all non-essential personnel for a thorough safety and maintenance inspection.

**Description:** SCP-9695 refers to an event which takes place every year on April 15th in Candlestick Park in San Francisco, California. At 7:00 PM local time, the baseball game between the Los Angeles Dodgers vs. the San Francisco Giants which took place on April 15th, 1991, will remanifest on the field.

The field of Candlestick Park is the only area affected by SCP-9695. All entities manifested by SCP-9695 are physically indistinguishable from their non-anomalous counterparts. The players and equipment manifested are incorporeal, but will behave identically in comparison to the original game, and are unable to be affected or influenced by outside forces. SCP-9695 will occur even if the stadium seats are pushed forwards to accommodate for football instead of baseball, and the projected entities will simply pass through them as they would any other obstacles.

The reason SCP-9695 exists is unknown; the game itself is of little note or significance, and none of the players, coaches, or other staff have any known connection to other anomalous phenomenonGaylord Perry is the only member of either team with such a history, but only played for the San Francisco Giants from 1962 to 1971, and is unlikely to be involved with SCP-9695..

Investigation of attendees of the original game is ongoing; below is a list of individuals who were in attendance who had a noteworthy experience at the game which may have triggered SCP-9695.

*The following testimony was given by Selena Nguyen.*

Oh, my God. Okay, it's a great— yeah, okay, here we go.

So Al and I, we'd been dating for like, it was about our two year anniversary of us dating, you know? And Al, he— he calls me up, he's like, surprise, we're gonna go see the Giants! And like, we love the Giants, or like, I love the Giants, he's not as much into baseball, but my whole family is like, you know, crazy about them.

Anyway, so we get there, whole time he's like, super excited, and I've brought him to these games before, you know? So like— yeah, I'm thinking, well I'm not thinking anything, I'm just like, yeah, wow, he's really— really excited. And like, we get in our seats, and it's really cold, like just above freezing, but Candlestick, you know, it's like that all the time. I've got two of those pins they give you for sticking around.

Anyway, whole game, he's really jumpy, but like, as it goes on he's like, kind of nervous, and by the end he's like, still nervous, but also kind of sad? And I'm like, the Giants lost, and I'm a little pissed too— anyway, I'm still having fun, it was fun, you know.

So we go out to the car, and he's shaking just a bit, and he's like, hold on a sec. So I stop, and he's just like, he looks like he's gonna throw up, and I'm thinking he's just sick, right? And then he's like, I'm so sorry, I wanted this to be a bigger thing, I don't know what happened, but— and then right there, he gets down on one knee, and asks me to marry him.

I'm freaking out, he's got this goofy nervous smile on, and I know he's freaking out a bit too, but I say yes, of course I say yes, you know? And he puts the ring on, and he's grinning like an idiot, and we start kissing— anyway, that's about it, yeah. Didn't know until later, but apparently there was supposed to be this big thing with like, the thing, and they'd call us up, but I guess they just like, forgot? Which is totally shitty of them, but honestly I think this way was way better, you know? So I'm kinda, I'm kinda glad it happened. Yeah.

*Daniel Garrett could not be reached for an interview; information about the game and his family was provided by his mother, Isabella Garrett.*

Daniel Garrett celebrated his seventh birthday by attending this game with his father, Robert Garrett; while he is not the only individual to have celebrated a birthday at this game, his experience is unique in that it was the last birthday he spent with his father. Robert Garrett had been diagnosed with lethal heart cancer four months prior and was unable to afford surgery to treat it; he would die two months after the game.

Robert, while reportedly a capable husband and father, struggled to connect with his son, in part due to Daniel's autism diagnosis. Robert took Daniel to Candlestick Stadium to celebrate his birthday, and while Isabella confirmed Daniel had been excited to go and enjoyed the event, he was also not as avid of a baseball fan as his father, and expressed neither an aversion to the sport nor an active interest in it.

Daniel had been made aware of his father's diagnosis shortly before his birthday, but Isabella was unsure how he'd felt about the diagnosis or Robert's passing.

*Robert Tiller is a subject of interest on account of having caught the only foul ball to enter the stands during the original 1991 game. He is currently imprisoned in the San Quentin Rehabilitation Center on charges of vandalism and assault; he has refused all visitation.*

*Melodie Jackson sent a written statement from her vacation home in Paris, France.*

Prof. Chamberlain,Professor Charles Chamberlain is an alias used to correspond with potential persons of interest regarding SCP-9695, under the pretense that he is writing a book covering the history of baseball fandom.

I hope you'll forgive me for refusing an in-person interview. I've been out of the country for two months now and I have barely enough time to write this brief letter, let alone return to the states to speak in person.

I appreciate your message of condolences, though I'd imagine a lesser woman would find it undermined by the frivolousness of your questioning. Nevertheless, I suppose it is your duty to make such inquiries, and as a mutual aficionado of the sport I can appreciate your workmanship.

To be brief, learning of my mother's passing during that fateful game has scarcely affected my affection for baseball. The day holds great significance to me, and I suppose the game itself does by association. Nevertheless, I've had little desire to return to Candlestick Park, and while the experience has certainly left an air of gloom in that place, I'd daresay my busy schedule and affinity for the Dodgers are each equally to blame for my avoidance.

I hope you'll forgive me for not delving into greater detail of the events of that day; those matters are all too personal. At any rate, I believe I have satisfied your questions, and wish you the best in seeing your work fully realized.

Sincerely,

Dr. Melodie Jackson

*Roger Craig was the manager of the San Francisco Giants during the original 1991 game, though he retired in December 1992.*

*[Extant audio removed.]*

**Chamberlain:**Interview was conducted by Agent Arthur Murray using the name of Charles Chamberlain. Thank you for agreeing to meet with me, Mr. Craig.

**Craig:** Of course, thank you too.

**Chamberlain:** The book I'm working on right now, it's mostly focused on fans of baseball, but I wanted to get into the importance of baseball games to both fans of the sport and participants. As an example, I wanted to focus on a particular game between the Dodgers and the Giants on April 15th, 1991, the score ending 2 to 1 in favor of the Dodgers. Do you remember that particular game?

**Craig:** Well, I think I do, I'm pretty sure anyway. There's uh, I've had a lot of games, that one I think I remember.

**Chamberlain:** Any reason you remember that one in particular?

**Craig:** So, uh, not really, I suppose, it was, well, it was cold, but we all know Candlestick Park is cold. I played there myself when I was pitching, it was always cold there, they even made those little pins, but no, I'd say I don't remember it for any reason other than you just sort of remember these things, especially seeing it wasn't terribly long ago.

**Chamberlain:** Nothing really special about it?

**Craig:** Well, not that I can think of, I suppose for me there's been a lot of games, and the same goes for the players too. We play a great deal, we play some good ball, and I guess a lot of games, they just don't stand out as much.

**Chamberlain:** During my research I found there were a few people who had very memorable experiences of that game. Does that surprise you at all?

**Craig:** Well, not really. I think, I think that people, they come to these games for something special, and we try to give it to them every time. For us, I think, it's just part of our— it's something we do every day, but the people watching, I think they can have something really special for them.

*[Extant audio removed.]*

**Addendum 9695.1:** On September 30th, 1999, Candlestick Park hosted its final baseball game, and the seats have been permanently set to the football position. Despite this, SCP-9695 continues to occur every April 15th.

<< [SCP-9694](SCP-9694) | SCP-9695 | [SCP-9696](SCP-9696) >>

=====

The Most Important Baseball Game In History

=====

> **Filename:** CandlestickPark.jpg

> **Name:** File:Candlestick Postcard - 01.JPG

> **Author:** Mike Roberts

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Candlestick_Postcard_-_01.JPG
