=====

=====

**SCP-9082** - Live From The Red Room.

**Author:** 

**[My Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/demolitionderpy-s-author-page)**

**[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/series-0 Series 0 Hub]**

**Item #:** SCP-9082

**Object Class:** Hypatia

**Special Containment Procedures:** Item SCP-9082 has been blocked from being accessed on the surface web; all attempts at fully removing the object from the Internet have failed. Users of SCP-9082 are similarly unable to be traced.

Research and monitoring are localised at Site-12, although all personnel may contact Project Lead Dr. Jay Gan regarding special access to SCP-9082. 

**Description:** Discovered in 2002. Origin is as of yet unknown. SCP-9082 is a website accessible at the domain 'www.redroom.live.██' which hosts numerous live-streams and text-based forums. Said live-streams consist entirely of static shots of interiors; examples include basements, classrooms, bathrooms, kitchens, church halls, and bedrooms. Despite their well-kempt appearance, these rooms have never been seen occupied by a living human. A small community of unidentified individuals is active on SCP-9082, frequently discussing the contents of the live-streams and related topics on the site's forums and live chats.

When accessing a SCP-9082 live-stream, the viewer is capable of transferring their consciousness into the room depicted by using their blood to paint a circular pattern on their computer screen. This may only work when the subject is within a dark room. Personnel report immediately falling asleep and awakening within the room depicted. They are capable of moving through the space, described as "floating" or "gliding", but are unable to access areas not in view of the camera. The space which would be directly behind the camera is replaced by a concave white void tapering off from the existing walls and ending in a rounded, oblong point. 

Within 4-8 hours, personnel's consciousness will return to their body, and they will awaken. The sensation of being in a room has been described as intensely [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/victim-complex euphoric]. For the duration of the event, the cadaver of the affected individual will appear motionless within the live-stream feed of the room. SCP-9082 users often encourage others to engage in this act, expressing a great deal of pleasure within the stream's live chat when users' corpses appear on-screen. Multiple cadavers can appear in a stream at one time, with no known limit. This is seen as a communal activity by SCP-9082 users.

Certain rooms featured in SCP-9082 have been successfully identified, although live-streams do not seem to actually occur from/in these locations -- entering these spaces does not register any change within related live-streams, nor has any recording equipment ever been discovered. All identified rooms have been previous locations of homicides, a fact seemingly known by SCP-9082 users, whose handles and forum messages sometimes reference the circumstances of certain murders or the names of victims. 

Personnel are not advised to engage with SCP-9082 users. Only White Class personnel and above may use SCP-9082 for recreational purposes.

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-9081](SCP-9081) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9083](SCP-9083) >>

@@@@

@@@@

> **Filename:** Map_marker_icon_–_Nicolas_Mollet_–_Crime_scene_–_Events_–_iOS.png

> **Author:** Nicolas Mollet

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://mapicons.mapsmarker.com/
