**Authors note: I am attempting to fully create the organization that one of my other researchers used to work at, if i can, I will add the logo.**

**Authors note 2: contact me on discord if you want to add my SCP to a video (user is qiblifan0356)**

"It's gone, move on, move on, not like half of 'em were like my family."

- DR.HEDRICK

".....Don't have words to say, really? You want a quote?"

- SAGGITARIUS 

Item #: SCP-9378 "The Avian department of Protection"

**Object class:** Esoteric

**Special containment procedures:** Remaining members must be watched, and possible new ones must be questioned, other than Dr.Hedrick. If a member of the organization's highest rank, aka "Shifters" has been found, they should be in taken for questioning immediately.

Some of them are also rogue; if a suspected rogue enters the building, they should be contained immediately. We do not need a flying humanoid roaming the building freely, "accidentally" using their abilites.

**Description:** The Avian Department of Protection (ADP) was an organization relatively similar to the SCP Foundation, with the goal of containing mostly bird-like anomalies. This organization collapsed, and the Chaos insurgency launched a massive attack on them for no apparent reason. For now, as of current, only 2 out of the 6 Shifters in total have been found and interrogated. These shifters currently reside in Site-304, their names being **Dr.Hedrick** and **Sagittarius**

The logo of this organization was an unknown bird inside a circle with its mouth open, with one feather on either side of that circle. This logo was the first thing displayed on all of the ADP's websites, buildings, uniforms, and more. It represented the absolute resilience of all avians as a force, their stubborn refusals to go extinct, and their bonds as a huge team.

There were also a couple of rank logos that had been found, including ranks one up to 5, plus rank 10 thanks to Dr.Hedrick.

**AUDIO LOGS**

?: Name, please.

H: Hedrick.. this is an interrogation on XXXX, I'm guessing.

?: Yes, we need your other name, though.

H:..uhhh, Shift-2, or "Flame"

?: We'll just ask a few questions, then call in Sagittarius.

H: Ight, just don't get too personal, don't want the facility in flames *nervous chuckle*

?: Alright, first things first, what was your role as a shifter?

H: Mostly just tactical, defence, and magic. At the time, avians like me were extremely rare.

?: What was the role of other shifters?

H: 1, Loon was in charge of everythin' classified, like the committee here, 

3, Sagittarius, was the main aviary bird, 

4, Pitohui was the, what do you call it.. weapon designer,

 heck, I have one of his weapons on me to this day, 5, 

Sparrow was leading communication, 

And finally, 6, Jay, sendin' out spies, a big softie, she was, miss 'em all.

?: What happened to them?

H: Dead, missing, dead, etc, Shift-1 died in front of my eyes.

A bullet coated in poison pierced his side, died 10 minutes later.

?: Do you miss him?

H: Not just him, the Shifters were like family, supported each other no matter what.

?: Tell us more about how being a subspecies of humans. They know you're older than you seem.

H: .....ridiculed, nearly killed, beaten, but I got through it, that's what is important.

?: Do you have anything else to say before I call in Sagittarius?

H: Just.. try not to get too angry, she can be a bit aggravating, 

especially in stressful situations.

?: Alright.

Dr.Hedrick was sent out, later being called to communicate with an avian SCP.

?: Come in.

S: Yeeesss?? 

?: Name, or past name if you had any.

S: Sagittarius, was Shift-3, though most call me Sagi or Sec.

?: We will only ask a few questions-

S: Seriously? "Just a few questions'? I saw Aviane comin' out 

looking like she's reconsidering her memories.

?: No disrespect, please.

S: You can't terminate me, just.. ask your questions and get this over with.

?: Your role as a Shifter was to take care of the aviaries, yes?

S: Yep, lotta birds in those little things, sometimes would see half insane ex-shifters 

who got stuck in bird form.

?: What happened to you during the raid?

S: My fucking wing was snapped off by some dumb insurgent.

they also trapped me in one of their facilities and 

tested some crappy weapons on me, guess what?

?: Huh?

S: Broke 'em all, no matter what they did to me,

you can't chain my beak.

?: Do you still feel it?

S: Yes BECAUSE YOU PEOPLE KEEP QUESTIONING...!

?: Apologies, it is because your organization greatly helped

us before it's collapse.

S: Oh ya', heard 'bout it, guess 

Aviane didn't just stumble upon a 

nice little lab and decide to nest in it.

?: How about you?

S: just escaped and ran, later I found where she lived

and decided to join her.

?: That is all, goodbye.

Sagittarius was later seen with Hedrick, maniacally laughing.
