**item#:** SCP-9152

**Object Class** Safe

**Security Clearance Level:** 3

**Special Containment Procedures:** 

SCP-9152 is kept in site-87,  a safe which is opened by a code, fingerprint scan, eye scan and a level 3 keycard. 2 guards always guard the door of the containment chamber. Personnel interacting with SCP-9152 must be monitored with high definition cameras. The book must be carefully cleaned every week.

**Description:** 

Object SCP-9152 is a book which changes its text about what the reader is wandering about. It looks like a classical blue book. It is 30 centimeters long, 20 centimeters wide, 3 centimeters high. It knows what people know and the knowledge of the next 50 years.

**Discovery log:**

**Discovery date:** 

Once on site 21 on a break time a janitor was thinking about how pistols work. She went to the in site library, saw a book about pistols, she opened it and started reading. The book was written like it was written especially for her. When she finished reading she thought about how machine guns work, then suddenly the book changed the text about machine guns. When she saw the text changing in front of her eyes, she ran to the staff supervisor with the book and told everything. The staff supervisor contacted the site security command desk. They sent 3 security guards to bring SCP-9152 to the office until it will be transferred to  site-87. Then a scientist was assigned to interrogate the janitor.

**Interrogation Log:**

Dr.Wilson: Why did you pick up the book?

Ellie: I was just wondering how pistols work then I saw a book about pistols and picked up.

Dr.Wilson: What were you doing when it changed its text?

Ellie: I just thought about how machine guns work and it changed its text.

Dr.Wilson: Did you tell anyone before alerting your supervisor?

Ellie: No, I didn't.

Dr.Wilson: You did the right thing. Any strange things?

Ellie: No, nothing. … I almost forgot. There was a strange feeling that the text was written especially for me.

Dr.Wilson: Okay, is that all?

Ellie: Yes, I am sure.

Dr.Wilson: Okay the medical department will take the rest.

**Footnoteblock**

Ellie and her supervisor were given amnestic drugs. SCP-9152 was successfully transferred to site-87.

Date: 7.10.2024
