**Item #:** SCP-9228

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9228 is to be contained at all times in a 10x10x10 steel containment. Any testing on SCP-9228 must be approved by at least two Level 4 personnel.

**Description:** SCP-9228 appears to be a sticky mass of red slime, weighing about 40-68kg  with a consistency similar to that of human blood. Subject’s size and shape is easily malleable and can change shape at will, though when at rest, SCP-9228 becomes a dome covered with spikes roughly 3 meters wide and 2 meter in height. It’s surface is extremely absorbent to blood and will attempt to absorb blood in 10 meter radius.

SCP-9228 was found in a abandoned warehouse in Norway on [DATA EXPUNGED] Experiments with D-Class show that prolonged exposure will cause mental problems and depression. Seemingly hate SCP-999 and will attempt to consume SCP-999

Experiment Log: D-236734 is introduced in SCP-9228's containment. SCP-9228 goes towards D-Class.

D-236734: What the fuck is that blob?!!

SCP-9228 produces a loud piercing noise

D-236734 starts sobbing

SCP-9228 climbs over D-236734

D-236734 have symptoms of depression. 

D-236734: End...me...pleas...

SCP-9228 inserts part of its body into his nostrils and fill his lungs causing suffocation and death.

Shortly after, SCP-9228 form tendrils and stab them into corpse of D-236734.

Inspection of corpse shows all blood in the body of D-236734 was taken by SCP-9228

SCP-9228 grows by over 60 percent and attempt breaking the glass of the observation room.

Mobile Task Team quickly took SCP-9228 down with large volt of electricity
