=====

=====

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:pride-logos">:scp-wiki:component:pride-logos</a> bedrock=-]

|code=progress-alt2

]]

#page-title { display: none }

.font {

font-size: 1.15em

}

.custom-hr {

    height: .25em;

    background-color: #472101;

    border: none;

}

.blank {

    height: .15em;

    display: block;

    clear: both;

}

.notes{

    padding: 2em;

    background: #fcf0e6;

    color: black;

border:solid .15em #873d00;

overflow:auto;

  margin-top: 2em;

  margin-bottom: 2em;

}

.interview{

    width: 80%;

    padding: 1.5em;

    background: #E7FCE6;

    color: black;

border:solid .15em #034a00;

overflow:auto;

  margin-top: 2em;

  margin-bottom: 2em;

  margin-left: auto;

  margin-right: auto;

}

.acs{

    padding: 1em;

    background: #edf3f7;

    color: black;

border:solid .15em #002f4f;

  margin-bottom: 1em;

}

.info-container{

--barColour:  #472101;

--linkColour: #FFF;

}

# Special Containment Procedures

As it remains disputed whether SCP-9626 is a human or a bat, staff must make no assumptions regarding the anomaly's identity. To avoid the appearance of bias, SCP-9626 is to be housed in a standard non-humanoid, non-chiropteroid containment chamber.

Until it has been conclusively determined whether SCP-9626 can be classified as a human or as a bat, extra care must be taken to avoid containment according to improper ethical standards. To this end, neither the Unified Foundation Policy of Human Rights nor the General Foundation Animal Welfare Protocols are to be applied.

# Description

SCP-9626 is former Junior Researcher Jason Arroyo, who is alleged to be a bat.

# Discovery and Investigation

## Initial Discovery

**On 2 NOV 2022, Researcher Arroyo became the subject of an internal Human Resources investigation following an anonymous report by his supervisor, Senior Researcher Anders Waller, who suspected Researcher Arroyo to be a Philippine naked-backed fruit bat.** 

* A preliminary investigation on 25 NOV 2022 determined this to be unlikely, as Researcher Arroyo was at the time a Foundation employee of three years, possessing multiple postgraduate degrees, and bats are unlikely to pursue secondary education or find gainful employment.

* A review of Researcher Arroyo's history as a Foundation employee revealed no notable incidents. Researcher Arroyo appears in no prior Human Resources reports, with the exception of a complaint filed against Senior Researcher Anders Waller on 31 OCT 2022 for inappropriate remarks.

* Although the accusations against Researcher Arroyo were initially dismissed, they were later escalated by Researcher Waller to Senior Human Resources Manager Liam Hearst, citing Researcher Arroyo's high-pitched voice, large ears, and preference for working at night as evidence.

## Investigation Notes

**Following escalation to Mr. Hearst, an investigation was opened to determine whether the Human Resources department had jurisdiction over non-human employees.**

 

* Standard inquiries resumed on 1 MAR 2023, as the issue of jurisdiction was settled following a review by the Department of Semantics. On 12 MAR 2023, Mr. Hearst concluded that as an ordinary human employee's identity would not require a three month long investigation, Researcher Arroyo was most likely a bat. 

* When questioned as to how a bat came to be employed within the Foundation to begin with, Mr. Hearst explained, “It turns out that 20% of all mammals are bats, and 100% of all Foundation employees are mammals, so mathematically speaking it's not that far-fetched.” 

* Although Foundation zoologists have confirmed that approximately 20% of all mammalian species on Earth are bats, this statement has not been reviewed by the Department of Mathematics.

## Preliminary Interventions

**As Researcher Arroyo, being an alleged bat, was determined to be unfit for his role as Junior Researcher, proceedings were initiated to remove him from the position.** 

* On 23 MAR 2023, Mr. Hearst filed a standard Request for Termination of Researcher Arroyo. 

* Although the Request for Termination received preliminary approval, later objections were raised by Ethics Committee representatives, based on concerns that, as a Philippine naked-backed fruit bat, Researcher Arroyo was a member of an endangered species, and was entitled to special protections under international conservation laws. 

* When asked for comment, Mr. Hearst withdrew the Request for Termination, and filed instead a standard Request for Termination of Employment. 

On 4 APR 2023, termination of Researcher Arroyo’s employment was initiated. Per standard employment protocols, Mr. Hearst conducted an exit interview with Researcher Arroyo. The full transcript of this interview is provided below.

## Exit Interview 9626.01

---

**Subject:** Junior Researcher Jason Arroyo (SCP-9626)

**Interviewer:** Senior Human Resources Manager Liam Hearst

**Time of Interview:** 4 APR 2023 10:20 

---

**Mr. Hearst:** Thank you for joining me this morning, this shouldn't take long. We just have some questions we need to go over before we can get started.

**Researcher Arroyo:** Is this about my complaint?

*Mr. Hearst looks at Researcher Arroyo quizzically.*

**Mr. Hearst:** Your complaint?

**Researcher Arroyo:** About Waller.

*Researcher Arroyo shifts in his seat.*

**Researcher Arroyo:** It's just, he's always making fun of my appearance. Like, my ears, and my nose, and making fun of my voice, and I don't think it's appropriate.

**Mr. Hearst:** Yes...no. I believe that was taken care of. 

**Researcher Arroyo:** How was it taken care of?

**Mr. Hearst:** That's more of an HR issue.

**Researcher Arroyo:** You're HR.

*Mr. Hearst pauses.*

**Mr. Hearst:** Yes, exactly. So...

*Mr. Hearst shuffles through the papers on his desk, not making eye contact with Researcher Arroyo.*

**Mr. Hearst:** How long would you say you've been a bat?

**Researcher Arroyo:** A bat?

**Mr. Hearst:** A winged mammal of the genus chiroptera.

**Researcher Arroyo:** I know what a bat is.

**Mr. Hearst:** Ah, excellent.

*Mr. Hearst smiles. A moment passes.*

**Mr. Hearst:** So…would you say you’ve always been one?

**Researcher Arroyo:** I’m not a bat.

*Mr. Hearst frowns and looks at his papers.*

**Mr. Hearst:** Hm…

**Researcher Arroyo:** I’m a man.

**Mr. Hearst:** Yes...see, it's just, you do look a bit like a bat.

**Researcher Arroyo:** I don't feel like a bat.

*Mr. Hearst leans forward.*

**Mr. Hearst:** What would being a bat feel like?

**Researcher Arroyo:** I wouldn't know.

**Mr. Hearst:** Then how can you be sure?

**Researcher Arroyo:** Can I go back to work?

*Mr. Hearst shuffles through his papers again.*

**Mr. Hearst:** It does *say* here that you're a bat. 

**Researcher Arroyo:** Who does?

**Mr. Hearst:** We've received several anonymous reports.

**Researcher Arroyo:** From who? Waller? I mean...they're obviously false, right?

*Mr. Hearst shuffles through the papers on his desk.*

**Mr. Hearst:** No...no, they're definitely real. I'm looking at them right now. 

**Researcher Arroyo:** I mean they must have been made in bad faith. 

*Mr. Hearst sighs.*

**Mr. Hearst:** This is a place of science. Faith has nothing to do with it.

*Researcher Arroyo opens his mouth to speak, then stops.*

**Mr. Hearst:** I'd like to make it clear, we have nothing against bats. It's just, if you’re a bat, I can’t exactly have you working directly with the other team members. It’s a safety concern. There's no cure for rabies.

**Researcher Arroyo:** I don't have rabies.

**Mr. Hearst:** Lots of bats have rabies. 

**Researcher Arroyo:** But I'm a man.

**Mr. Hearst:** Men can get rabies too. 

**Researcher Arroyo:** I can take a rabies test.

**Mr. Hearst:** We can't legally ask you to disclose that information. 

**Researcher Arroyo:** Even if I volunteer it?

**Mr. Hearst:** It's an HR issue.

**Researcher Arroyo:** You're HR.

**Mr. Hearst:** That’s what makes this so difficult. 

*Mr. Hearst smiles sympathetically as he leans back in his chair.*

**Researcher Arroyo:** Is there anything I can do to convince you to change your mind?

**Mr. Hearst:** That's the thing, I'm afraid it's out of my hands. A decision has already been made.

**Researcher Arroyo:** And who made that decision?

*After a long moment, Mr. Hearst sits up straight.*

**Mr. Hearst:** The most important thing to us is that you feel heard right now. We want you to feel heard.

**Researcher Arroyo:** I don't think I'm being heard at all. 

**Mr. Hearst:** But do you *feel* heard?

**Researcher Arroyo:** No. 

*Mr. Hearst frowns.*

**Mr. Hearst:** That’s odd…is there anything we could do to make you feel heard?

**Researcher Arroyo:** You could listen to me. 

**Mr. Hearst:** Other than that. 

**Researcher Arroyo:** You could let me go back to work. 

**Mr. Hearst:** I'm not sure you're appreciating the nuance of the situation. 

**Researcher Arroyo:** Can you explain it to me?

**Mr. Hearst:** If I could explain it that easily, it wouldn't be nuanced, would it?

**Researcher Arroyo:** You can try.

**Mr. Hearst:** I think that would just result in a lot of frustration on both sides. 

*Researcher Arroyo looks around the room.*

**Researcher Arroyo:** Can I go home?

**Mr. Hearst:** I told you it’s a safety concern.

**Researcher Arroyo:** I thought going back to work was a safety concern.

**Mr. Hearst:** Exactly.

**Researcher Arroyo:** So if I just go home...

**Mr. Hearst:** I'm afraid it's not that simple. We can’t just let you loose in public. 

*Researcher Arroyo lets out a firm, heavy sigh.*

**Researcher Arroyo:** Bats fly around loose in public all the time.

**Mr. Hearst:** But you said you're a man.

**Researcher Arroyo:** Men can go out in public too!

**Mr. Hearst:** Not men who are alleged to be bats.

**Researcher Arroyo:** Make up your mind! Is the problem that I'm too much of a bat, or that I'm not enough of a bat?

**Mr. Hearst:** The problem right now is that you're being needlessly hostile.

**Researcher Arroyo:** Because this makes no sense! I can’t stay here, because I’m a man who's a bat! I can’t leave, because I’m a bat who's a man! I can't stay, I can't go, and whatever I say won't make a damn lick of difference!

**Mr. Hearst:** Yes, exactly! Thank you for understanding, it makes this a lot easier. 

*A long moment passes as Researcher Arroyo shuts his eyes tightly.*

**Researcher Arroyo:** So…containment?

**Mr. Hearst:** Precisely.

*Researcher Arroyo pauses, takes a deep breath, and looks around the room again before speaking.*

**Researcher Arroyo:** Okay, just...listen. Listen to me very closely. Please. What if...I agree?

**Mr. Hearst:** Agree?

**Researcher Arroyo:** With the HR report.

*Mr. Hearst furrows his brow.*

**Mr. Hearst:** I'm not sure, it's never happened before.

**Researcher Arroyo:** But then there's no dispute, right? I'd just be a bat. An ordinary bat. 

**Mr. Hearst:** What are you saying?

**Researcher Arroyo:** Just that there's nothing wrong with being an ordinary bat, right? You said it yourself, you have nothing against bats.

**Mr. Hearst:** True...

**Researcher Arroyo:** So then...

*Researcher Arroyo steadies himself.*

**Researcher Arroyo:** I admit it. You're right. I'm a bat.

**Mr. Hearst:** You're...yes...yes, of course...

**Researcher Arroyo:** And like you said, the Foundation doesn't contain bats just for being bats.

*Mr. Hearst frowns, staring down at his papers for a long moment.*

**Researcher Arroyo:** So I can go, right?

*Mr. Hearst says nothing.*

**Researcher Arroyo:** Right?

*After a moment, Mr. Hearst looks up and smiles.*

**Mr. Hearst:** Aha! You almost got me. 

*Mr. Hearst stamps Researcher Arroyo's termination paperwork, then speaks into an intercom on his desk.*

**Mr. Hearst:** You can collect Mr. Arroyo when ready. Our meeting is done.

**Mr. Arroyo:** No. Listen to me!

*Mr. Hearst laughs to himself.*

**Mr. Hearst:** You almost had me there, really.

*Two security officers enter the room.*

**Mr. Arroyo:** Listen, I'm a bat! I'm a bat!

**Mr. Hearst:** But you forgot about one thing.

*The security officers take hold of Researcher Arroyo as Mr. Hearst folds his hands behind his head, smiles, and leans back in his chair.*

**Mr. Hearst:** Bats can't talk. 

**END LOG**

<< [SCP-9625](SCP-9625) | SCP-9626 | [SCP-9627](SCP-9627) >>

=====

> **Name:** Fruit Bat

> **Author:** David Blaikie

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/nikonvscanon/2428330254/in/photostream

=====
