=====

=====

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:scp-trans-pride">:scp-wiki:theme:scp-trans-pride</a> |trans-pride-logo= ~~] |trans-pride-footer= ~~]]]

.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}

**Item #:** SCP-9053

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** The monitoring and containment of SCP-9053 is beyond the present capabilities of the Foundation. However, this is currently not a cause for concern. Individuals who accidentally discover SCP-9053 are unlikely to believe in it or share their views with the greater public. As SCP-9053 is an apparently non-anomalous phenomenon, no cover story has been assigned.

The Department of Analytics is in the process of investigating the vectors, cause, and mechanics of the SCP-9053 anomaly. To facilitate this, a likely SCP-9053 vector is to be contained within Site-433 and subject to constant observation. Concurrently, Foundation webcrawler Shelley.aic has been tasked with the analysis of the internet as well as records from a number of Foundation-allied paranormal research groups including the M█████ Institute, [Parawatch.org](parawatch-hub), and the American Society for Parapsychological Research. The results of this analysis are to be forwarded to the SCP-9053 Research Team upon completion.

**Description:** SCP-9053 designates an anomalous phenomenon affecting mannequins, dolls, and other imitations of humanity. These mannequins will often be observed engaging in behavior that suggests sapience and locomotion, often in a manner that is considered uncanny and threatening. All observed events have later been determined to have entirely mundane explanations, however the frequency at which these events occur still warrant investigation.

= **Addendum -- Interview-5/10/2025-SCP-9053**

The following is an interview between Researcher N. Dennikin and Non-Anomalous Item of Interest (NAIoI) 49821, a full-body department store mannequin recovered from a shopping mall in Teaneck, New Jersey. NAIoI-49821 was noted for being involved in an abnormally high number of reported SCP-9053 events. To aid it in communication, NAIoI-49821 was provided with a keyboard.

= {{**[FOOTAGE BEGINS]**}}

**Researcher Dennikin:** Ok. Let's begin. 

*[Researcher Dennikin clears her throat.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** For the record, this is an interview between Level 2 Researcher Nikola Dennikin, PID-4029-MW, and NAIoI-49821, a plastic mannequin possibly involved in the SCP-9053 phenomenon. The date is the fifth of May, 2025. Interview is taking place at Site-433 with the goals of determining what anomalous traits, if any, the object has.

...I think that's everything. Let's get cracking.

**Researcher Dennikin:** Can you hear me, NAIoI-49821?

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Are you aware of your current situation?

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Can you understand me, NAIoI-49821?

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Do you know who I am?

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Are you alive? We know you're capable of movement. Your model has posable joints and we have footage.

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** NAIoI-49821, please consider cooperation.

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** If you are able to hear me, please respond in any way you see fit. A keyboard has been provided to you to aid in this.

*[There is no response. Researcher Dennikin stands in silence for five minutes.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** ...God fucking damnit. This is pointless.

*[Researcher Dennikin sighs.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** I mean, what the fuck am I doing? I'm 30 and I'm interviewing mannequins. Meanwhile Dave'sBelieved to be a reference to Researcher David Katz (PID-6059CM). out there on the path to replacing Mildew as Director.

*[Researcher Dennikin sighs.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Of all the useless goddamn projects to get assigned to, I get to deal with the probably completely normal dolls.

*[Researcher Dennikin rubs her forehead.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Ahh… it’s just awful. I've never liked mannequins, y'know? It's not the Uncanny Valley or anything like that. It’s just, like, the way they move. Blank faces…

Like when you’re in a department store and you’ve got nothing to do so you pose the fashion dolls in all kinds of positions or rub its face. Heh, back when I was a kid it used to be a joke to feel its tits. We all did it. Does that count as assault?

*[There is no response. Researcher Dennikin moans.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Shut up. You used to do it too.

*[Researcher Dennikin laughs bitterly. There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** How does it feel to know there’s a million of you out there? Identical in every way? Only differentiated by clothing. Really, the only thing that makes you special is that we’re studying you. Wasting my valuable time since you twitched funny once.

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** No… me and David broke up. Two years ago, remember?

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Nah… don’t worry about it. I wouldn’t have time to date here anyway. You?

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Does it feel lonely? Standing alone in a store or a studio or just an apartment, never being spoken to in any way? Is that why you move? Is it acting out?

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Sorry… yeah that was kind of personal, especially considering…

*[Researcher Dennikin slicks her hair back. Her palms are sweaty.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** I miss him, yeah. I really do. I just… no, fuck you for that. Fuck you.

*[Researcher Dennikin begins hyperventilating.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** You’re just a mannequin.

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** I don't know if I can keep on doing this. I can ask to get transferred, but they only do that if it's actively harming you. I’m so damn *tired.*

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** Are you happy about that, Sally?Researcher Dennikin has provided no explanation for why they gave NAIoI-49821 this nickname. 

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** I think there's something wrong with me. I mean, I've been having dreams of you. *Dreams.*

*[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** You know what? Be quiet, Sally. I'm telling you about it. You should know what you're doing to me. Put this down as atypical interview tactics.

*[Researcher Dennikin clears their throat before beginning.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** So I was somewhere. I don't want to say I was floating… but I wasn't driving, and I was moving and I could see all the parts of the city. And then I saw this house. This happy beautiful painted white house. And it had a little family in it too. A house just like any other house, but still somehow special.

I don’t know how to describe it, but it was just a house. I'm rambling. Anyway, it made me… happy? Fulfilled. Content. Peaceful. Looking at the house. Looking at that quiet domestic joy. Then I looked closer.

It was a fake family. A fake house. It was plastic. It was a life-size doll house in the middle of the city. Who would build that? Why would that exist? But it did, right there, in its own impossibility. A life-size toy like the one I used to play with before my sister took it back and slapped me. A pretty little facade.

But then I was in the house. I was a kid and it was *my* house. Not the house I grew up in as a kid, but like it? Like the way I remember it when I'm not really focusing? My family stayed in this small place in Pennsylvania for like two months when I was little, so maybe it was that?

And it was dinner time. Mom made her famous fried chicken and we were all seated around this little table. My family had rules for dinner time. Everyone in the family had to be there before we began. But no one in the family was there. It was *you* people.

You know what I'm talking about. Mannequins. Dolls. Three of them. My dad. My mom. My sister. My mom had the little splash of berry red lipstick that she always wore. My sister-mannequin wore the blue dress she got for her birthday and then handed down for me. They were all at the table tucking in.

I'm a lucid dreamer usually, but I couldn't move. I couldn't get out of it. I just had to sit while these faceless things pretended to be my family, stuffing their faces with my mom's chicken. How did you eat with no mouths? *[Researcher Dennikin whimpers.]* I know you didn't have mouths because no one talked.

Then dinner ended and they nodded. I woke up in my dorm drenched in sweat.

 *[There is no response.]*

**Researcher Dennikin:** I still can't get over it. Sally, you were my sister, weren't you?

*[Researcher Dennikin frowns at NAIoI-49821 before punching it in the chest. The mannequin collapses onto the keyboard, hitting several keys. Researcher Dennikin looks at the spelled message and screams. She runs out, terminating the interview.]*

= {{**[FOOTAGE ENDS]**}}

NAIoI-49821 was transferred to low-priority storage at Site-270. Further research is ongoing.

<< [SCP-9052](SCP-9052) | SCP-9053 | [SCP-9054](SCP-9054) >>
