**Item #:** SCP 9470

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:**

All instances of SCP-9470 are to be contained in a 24x12x10 (Ft) Reinforced, heat proofed room that is to be maintained at 100 F (38 C) Containment chambers for SCP-9470 must each have their own backup generators. SCP-9470 Is contained at Site-56 in █████ ███████. Experiments involving SCP-9470 require written approval from at least two level 3 personnel. Physical contact must only be made by D-Class personnel.

**Description:**

SCP-9470 appears as a 2022 Hyundai █████ ██. SCP 9470 weighs approximately 4515 pounds (2048 KG) and is silver in color. SCP-9470 is visually indistinguishable from a regular 2022 Hyundai █████ ██. Upon Entering SCP-9470, there is a 5% chance of the doors automatically shutting and locking. The interior temperature than rapidly increases to 4172 F (2300 C) before foundation equipment fails. the temperature is suspected to reach well above █████ F (████ C). this process takes approximately 2 hours. Once the anomalous ability subsides, all doors will unlock. During this process, outside temperatures of the anomaly remain the same. During attempts to recover victims remains, only half of what is expected is found in the rear right cup holder. SCP-9470 appears indestructible; refer to incident 9470-A. SCP-9470-A does not appear sentient. SCP 9470 was first discovered in a desert near █████████ Utah.

**Incident 9470-A**

In ██/█/2023 GOI, Global Occult Coalition captured SCP 9470 And relocated it to ████ ████ ████ █████ ████, in ████ ████ ████ Utah. In an attempt to destroy SCP 9470, The anomaly was placed in a standard ███ ███████. this resulted in an explosion, killing 26, but leaving SCP 9470 unharmed.
