**Item #:** SCP-9912

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9912-1 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber. The chamber is to include exercise equipment and recreational supplies.

In the event of SCP-9912-1’s expiration, a replacement subject is to be moved into the chamber following clean-up.

**Description:** SCP-9912 is a spectral entity, resembling a hairless humanoid dressed in white robes with large feathered wings extending out of the back of its shoulders. An enlarged human eye takes up a majority of SCP-9912’s face; no other facial features are present. A thin, glowing ring floats perpetually above SCP-9912’s head.

SCP-9912 will remain within the direct presence of one specific human (SCP-9912-1) at all times. SCP-9912 moves without motion and can pass through solid surfaces. SCP-9912 cannot be physically touched; it, however, is able to interact with physical matter if it so chooses.

SCP-9912 will treat SCP-9912-1 in a manner comparable to a carer/nurturing figure. A list of notable anomalous properties and forms of treatment includes:

* Manifesting bowls of simple food for SCP-9912-1 when hungry (Water, prepared fruit/vegetables, fresh meat, cooked fish, sliced bread, oat cereals).

* Healing minor injuries that SCP-9912-1 suffers through the application of a mucus substance produced from SCP-9912’s eye.

* Humming a quiet, continuous melody while SCP-9912-1 partakes in recreational activities such as exercise and study, or sleeping. The tune is considered universally pleasant by SCP-9912-1 subjects and is said to greatly boost their morale and help them fall asleep.

* The complete cessation of anxiety, depression, and other similar long-term negative feelings in SCP-9912-1.

SCP-9912 will remain in the presence of SCP-9912-1 for several years, until the subject's physical and mental well-being have made significant improvement. Following this, SCP-9912 will wait until the subject intends to rest, and then begin humming until SCP-9912-1 has fallen asleep. SCP-9912's humming will take on a lower-pitch, and its eyeball will roll back into its socket, revealing a pair of large human teeth that will extend from the top and bottom. SCP-9912 will proceed to remove the ring from above its head and press it into one side of SCP-9912-1's neck and quickly slash across, decapitating them cleanly. SCP-9912 will then cease humming.

SCP-9912 will use the ring to chop the headless body into pieces, which it will place into bowls that it manifests. Preparation will begin with cutting the limbs from the main body, followed by separating their higher and lower portions, then the hands/feet, before finally the individual's digits. The torso will be dissected and removed of all internal organs before being sliced into small pieces along with the subject's limbs, save for the digits. Once the entire body has been prepared, SCP-9912 will place the pieces into bowls, separated categorically (Digits, limb pieces, torso pieces, internal organs). A separate bowl containing a mixture of leftover pieces will be placed before SCP-9912-1's decapitated head, which will remain untouched. SCP-9912 will then begin to consume the remains, usually producing mucus while doing so. Once finished, SCP-9912 will place the ring back above its own head, and its eye will return to normal.

Following three hours of inactivity (During which SCP-9912 will stand upright with its arms raised upwards and humming), SCP-9912 will move towards whichever human is closest to its location, confirming them to be the new current SCP-9912-1. 

In some cases, contained subjects that are informed of SCP-9912’s intentions show no resistance towards it. This is not considered unusual.

 << [SCP-9911](SCP-9911) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9913](SCP-9913) >>
