**SCP-9339:** Shrewtamer

**Author:** 

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/whenwerewe Here's my page!]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |blur-reveal=--]

|blur-amount=1.3

|speed=0.2

|float=true

|align=right

|width=250px

|url=http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-9339/tongue.png

|alt=alt|alt-text=A tongue presenting with nodular lesions

|add-caption=true

|caption=The tongue of a post-recovery penitent. Note the nodular formations and thickened tissue.

]]

**Item #:** SCP-9339

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** The sanctity of marriage is to be reinforced at regular intervals through the use of broad-spectrum media saturation campaigns. Particular attention is to be paid to messaging towards youth demographics, which are disproportionately disciplined by SCP-9339. Images of SCP-9339 penitents are to be displayed prominently on regular programming, with a particular focus on the surgical complications arising during recovery.

SCP-9339 penitents of class BETH penitents are to be appropriately surgically separated and chastised thereafter.

    

**Description:** SCP-9339 are the consequences of a declaration made by the Bishop of Rome, Vicar of Jesus Christ, Successor of the Prince of Apostles, Supreme Pontiff of the One Most Holy Apostolic and Catholic Church, Innocent XI, as concerns the novel practice of “going steady”, i.e. engaging in romantic relations outside of marriage (or indeed even as its intended predecessor). This practice had been growing in popularity among new adults in the West, especially those in the Union State of America, since around 1995.

Innocent’s condemnation of the practice at the Fifth Council of the Vatican was followed by the appearance of a halo of celestial light around him, one of only five confirmed miracles in the twenty-first century. Further consultation with the archangel Gabriel at Sinai confirmed that this condemnation had been made *ex cathedra*, and should be understood as a true expression of heavenly will.

Afterwards, it was found that the act of kissing between unmarried individuals would result, in about 0.5% of cases, in the permanent bonding of the involved organs. The epidermis of the two involved individuals will shift to allow the underlying muscle to fuse, and capillaries will often knit so that blood is carried between the penitents. Although this occasionally affects more innocent acts, it has been extremely effective in curbing the practice of unmarried concupiscence, and so the condemnation has remained in force despite the protests of various Marian groups in favour of expressions of maternal love.

SCP-9339 involving only the mucosal tissues are often trivial to rectify, with a simple surgical procedure separating the involved penitents. It has become customary to seek pilgrimage to Rome in order to purge one’s sin after such humiliation, but Foundation interference in these cases is not necessary. These are referred to as ALEPH cases.

However, of particular note are SCP-9339 cases that involve the tongues of the penitents, known as BETH cases. Within the first hour, fusion typically extends deeper than the mucosa, as lingual muscle fibres interweave. Small blood vessels cross the interface early, and one penitent attempting to speak or swallow will trigger mirrored motion in the other, due to engagement of the nervous system. Ultimately, the tongues behave as a single, thickened organ. At this point, the only treatment possible is for surgeons to gain access to the female penitent’s lingual roots through a controlled mandibular opening. Surgeons isolate the root, clamp the aberrant vessels feeding in from the other penitent, and incise the deadened tissue.

Typically, enough tissue is left to the male penitent that further surgery can restore oral function and eventually even speech. After surgery, female penitents are often considered prized brides.

> **Filename:**tongue.jpg

> **Author:** Juliusz Rafałowicz, Leopold Wagner, Barbara Rafałowicz

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.researchgate.net/figure/Example-of-nodular-lesions-selected-from-the-patient-records_fig2_394791790

<< [SCP-9338](SCP-9338) | SCP-9339 | [SCP-9340](SCP-9340) >>
