=====

=====

*Do these councils go all the way up?*

(Posted 2nd April 2026)

[More by this author](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/hazels-auteur-page )

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the risks involved with monitoring O5 communication channels, current protocol requires Overseers to personally report any instances of SCP-9962 directly to RAISA.

**Description:** SCP-9962 is a phenomenon affecting secure instant messaging channels used by O5 Council members. The anomaly manifests itself as text messages from an individual claiming to be a member of a supposed "O6 Council". Despite numerous assessments from Foundation IT teams, the origin of SCP-9962 is still unknown.

Below is an archive of reported SCP-9962 instancesAs of 22/03/2026.:

**14/03/2026, O5-8:**

### UNKNOWN

 i just wanted to check how things were running down at the fives 

 any updates the big man should know about? 

 (the big man is me) 

 What? Who is this? 

 oh you get promoted and forget about me? 

 hahahaha just joshing 

 it's O6-2 

 big bro if you will 

 I won't. 

 How did you get this number? 

 haha wdym? 

 all O6 council members have your info 

 There is no O6 Council. 

 oh yeah mums the word haha 

 we do love bein sneaky 

 catch you on the flip side 8 ball 

**15/03/2026, O5-4:**

### UNKNOWN

 yo are you going store? 

 while you're there can you pick up some handcuffs 

 Handcuffs? 

 yeah you know 

 handcuffs 

 for containing things 

 thats our thing right? we contain. 

 I'm sorry who is this? 

 oh sorry new phone lmao. its O6-2 

 B) 

 ??? 

 thats me wearing sunglasses 

**17/03/2026, O5-9:**

### UNKNOWN

 yo 

 nine iron 

 how goes it 

 Oh hi 

 Are you that prank caller? 

 nah its O6-2 

 has someone been bothering u guys? 

 Um 

 No don't worry about it 

 haha class 

 anyways what you been up to? 

 I don't think I can divulge that 

 come on you can tell me 

 im big bro! 

 No 

 im your oneesan 

 What 

 sorry 

 forget i said that 

 ive been watching a lot of anime recently 

 have you seen jojos? 

 No 

 its rlly good 

 its kinda like you guys 

 How so 

 its these people who save the world 

 but they dont get any recognition 

 I see 

 anyways i gotta go do something 

 O6 and out 

 haha 

**19/03/2026, O5-6:**

### UNKNOWN

 hey 

 Who is this? 

 O6-2 

 Oh I see. 

 What is it? 

 i was thinking of coming down the office and seeing u guys 

 is there a good day for that? 

 when ur not too busy 

 Let me check with the others The O5 council voted in favour of attempting to make the supposed “O6-2” appear in person. 

 You can come by tomorrow 

 alr perfect 

 ████ █████ ████ Current location of O5 headquarters.  right? 

 you still there? 

 . 

 Yes that's correct. 

 haha nice 

 be there at ten 

**20/03/2026, O5-6:**

### UNKNOWN

 sorry mate i can't come by the office today :( 

 Why not? 

 my leave request got denied 

 Denied? 

 By who? 

 O7 council :( 

<details>
<summary>» More by HenryFH «</summary>

| [My Author Page](hazels-auteur-page) |
| --- |
</details>

.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}

<< [SCP-9961](SCP-9961) | SCP-9962 | [SCP-9963](SCP-9963) >>
