**SCP-9485:** Born too early; too late; or not at all

**Author:** 

**Word Count:** ~520

**Reading time:** 2 minutes

.blockquote{

border-radius: 10px;

margin: 10px

}

.align-center

{

text-align: center

}

]

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The anomalous nature of SCP-9485 instances only becomes apparent on close inspection, which due to their being in outer space is impossible for civilian entities. A Foundation disinformation campaign is thus sufficient for containment.

---

**Description:** SCP-9485 are a group of ~~unfertilized~~ inert eggs with a radius of 150-600km, found in various locations in the outer Solar System and resembling ordinary celestial objects. A total of 6 instances are known to exist, all beyond the orbit of Jupiter. More are likely to exist elsewhere.

No instance of SCP-9485 shows signs of continuing embryonic development. The causes for this are thought to be diverse.See Addendum. The age of instances cannot be established beyond a rough lower limit of 800 million years. Instances are thought to have been introduced to the solar system simultaneously or within a relatively short timespan.

The structure of a typical SCP-9485 instance is as follows, starting from the surface and proceeding inwards:

# A superficial layer of rock, regolith or water ice, deposited onto the surface over geologic time. Acts as natural camouflage.

# A 10-30km thick layer of metallic iron intersperced with calcite. The shell. 

# A 100-200km deep viscous subsurface ocean composed primarily of water. The albumen. 

# A solid or semisolid core, often heterogenous.The vitellus and the embryo.

---

**Discovery:** Some instances of SCP-9485 have been known to civilian astronomers starting in the 17th century, although their anomalous nature remained unknown until 2005 when a secondary probe launched from unmanned Foundation spacecraft ODYSSEE-3 Known to the public as the *Cassini-Huygens* probe.  performed induced seismography on *Rhea*, one of the moons of Saturn, and received results consistent with an almost entirely liquid composition. *Rhea* was subsequently classified SCP-9485-1 after testing of other bodies led to similar findings.

---

**ADDENDUM 9485-A: CATALOGUE**

*The following is a full list of known SCP-9485 instances.*

---

#

Public name

Additional information

1

Rhea (Saturn V)

First recorded instance. The non-differentiated, homogenous structure of the core suggests this instance was never fertilized.

2

Oberon (Uranus IV)

Coincidentally discovered two months after SCP-9485-1 by the clandestinely launched ODYSSEE-2. The interior of the instance is frozen solid.

3

Mimas (Saturn I)

Smallest known instance. Contains no discernible core. The most likely explanation is that the impact which created the *Herschel* crater also scrambled the interior of SCP-9485-3.

4

Tethys (Saturn III)

A drilling rig located on the *Odysseus* crater was able to pierce the crust of SCP-9485-4 in 2018 and retrieve samples from the albumen. Subsequent samples found microbes inadvertedly introduced by the probe had contaminated the interior of SCP-9485-4 and begun consuming the nutrients within. As a result, an ever-expanding but likely temporary ecosystem has formed within SCP-9485-4.Personnel responsible for overseeing the sterilization of the probe's drillbit and sampling equipment were demoted for gross negligence.

5

████ (█████)

**[REDACTED]**

6

*Not Applicable.*

A trans-Neptunian object. Has yet to be observed by the public. A proposal by senior researcher J. Gilliéron to officially "discover" SCP-9485-6 is under review.

-

*Not Applicable*

Unconfirmed. A number of asteroids and fragments in the asteroid belt are anomalously high in calcite, suggesting the past presence of an SCP-9485 instance.

<< [SCP-9484](SCP-9484) | SCP-9485 | [SCP-9486](SCP-9486) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Tethys.png

> **Name:** Tethys - Rev 15 (37267740632).png

> **Author:** Justin Cowart

> **License:** CC BY 2.0.

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Tethys_-_Rev_15_(37267740632).png)

=====
