:root {

  --title: "SITE-137";

  --subtitle: "HISTORY WEIGHS ON OUR SHOULDERS";

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

[Canon Hub](Canon Hub) >> [From 120's Archives Hub](From 120's Archives Hub) / La Piel del Toro >> SCP-9993

= SCP-9993

= An article set for the **SCP-9000 contest**

= 13k words

= by 

---

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains depictions of racism and sexism. Proceed at your own risk.

=====

=====

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** All sites in western and southern Europe are to be in full lockdown in preparation for SCP-9993. As warfare with SCP-9993 remains a possibility, Task Forces and military assets are being preemptively mobilized at the behest of the Directors of Sites 34, 137, Aleph, Area-08, the Temporal Anomalies Department, and the Department of Temporal Anomalies. Overwatch command awaits further developments to assertain if deployment of HECOR [High-Energy Concentration Orbital Railgun](scp-9600 ), an orbital Foundation eigenweapon used to prevent emergent K-Class Scenarios. will be necessary. Diplomatic contact with the pertinent national authorities have been put in motion to organize the full evacuation of all European cities in a 400 km radius from the suspected center of SCP-9993.

**Description:** SCP-9993 is a temporal disturbance traveling forwards in time at a rate 6 times faster than the normative temporal flow. SCP-9993 seems to be located spatially on northern Spain and will coincide with baseline temporality in 03/04/2014. Currently, SCP-9993 manifests as SCP-9993-1, a constant burst of tachyon, shtrums,Subatomic particles result of paracausal activity. and chronon particles manifesting in the future location of SCP-9993 that then disipates on the space all around it.

**Discovery:** SCP-9993 was discovered 01/04/2014, at 6:12 AM, when the Atreus Array system detected unusual variations in the Hume field and the tachyon emissions on the lower atmosphere in northern Spain. The Department of Temporal Anomalies momentarily classified it as ETE-9993Extranormal Temporal Event, meaning an automatic Γ-level breach of normalcy alert is raised on all surrounding Foundation Facilities. and notified the closest sites. Intertemporal probes sent to intercept the anomaly failed to report back.

During the following 24 hours, the potence of the Hume disturbance and tachyon emissions of SCP-9993-1 grew exponentially, prompting escalation to potential UK-Class "Temporal Breakdown" or DK-Class "Reality invasion" scenario worldwide. Current Special Containment Procedures were put in place and [Research and Containment Team Δt](welcome-to-delta-t)^^ⓘ^^ Research and Containment Team Δt Research and Containment Team Δt is a transtemporal Foundation agency which was founded in 1998 to combat and correct a rising number of retrocausal, temporal, and counter historical anomalies which were appearing with alarming and increasing regularity.- agents from the Temporal Anomalies Department were summoned.

#### Announcement by O5-11 regarding SCP-9993.

As a general rule, we know time to be a stable continuity. Non-anomalous people travel through time in a single direction and on a set speed throughout their lives. But we, in the Foundation, are aware of phenomena that break the laws of physics on a daily basis. And time is malleable and fragile when faced with these phenomena. SCP-9993, with its abnormal chronological nature threatens the present from the past.

It is very possible that it will pass our current time and head for some future far off point, but we cannot afford to act upon that eventuality as the nature and trajectory of SCP-9993 is still unknown to us. Be it a simple fluke or something much more dire, all of the Foundation must be prepared for its arrival.

█████ ████

O5-11

O5 Council

By 16:23, 02/04/2014, the center of SCP-9993-1 was located, and all containment teams converged on the location. Rally Point A was established by containment teams 8 km away from the hypothetical epicenter of the anomaly. Foundation task forces accompanied by personnel from the Department of Temporal Anomalies and Parahistory Department and PHYSICS Assessment Team 731 were present at the site. During the night the tachyon levels in SCP-9993-1 continued to rise, registering at roughly one mole of Shtrums per atom. RCT-Δt personnel promptly arrived at Rally Point-A.

There isn't much to say. We were all prepared for a [Daevite](scp-140)^^ⓘ^^DaevaThe Daevite Empire was an ancient civilization which has the anomalous effect of retroactive temporal causality due to the effects of SCP-140.- invasion, an anticausal weapon sent from an unrecorded civilization in the future or perhaps some time deity was playing with us. Wouldn't be the first time. 

When Delta-T arrived and started setting up their contraptions, we let them do it. After all, they've dealt with stuff like this before. They put a timer in the camp that slowly counted down to the estimated arrival of SCP-9993. They also seemed to know more than us. Which is par for the course in their case. The other doctors in observation duty were worried because there were seemingly not enough time agents to deal with the gravity of the situation.

It was dread inducing, but what could we do about it?

Alice Forth

Director

Department of Temporal Anomalies

During the following morning, all onsite agents armed themselves with tactical esomat suits and stood in formation in Rally Point A. Furthermore, Foundation military vehicles had been brought onsite and retrofitted with mobile Mk-VI XACTS devicesXyank Anastasakos Constant Temporal Sink, a piece of paratechnology in use by the Temporal Anomalies Department to stabilize temporal fluctuations within a given area. and Scrantron Reality Anchors.

By 9:23, 03/04/2014, SCP-9993-1 arrived at its peak and SCP-9993 manifested fully.

We were all biting our nails in anticipation. After all, what can 250 soldiers in the middle of the Monegros desert do other than that? The others couldn't keep their hands away from their weapons. Reloading them, touching them up, the likes. The battlemages from some task force I don't remember the name of were covering themselves in chalk and honey. They had a sacrificial lamb that didn't stop bawling and everything.

But we all came back to the wall of light in front of us. According to the chronomancer on my right that was the usual when it came to extratemporal anomalies manifesting in the present. It's something about the speed of light. I didn't catch it fully. Because at that point, the brightness died down. And in front of us there was nothing.

Agent. Edurne Zugarramurdi

Thaumaturgical Asset

Site-137

The first impression of SCP-9993 was that it was an empty plot of land comparable to the surrounding area. The acting leader of the expedition, Dr. Jimena Menéndez, ordered the military forces to stay back and sent a small team in a modified vehicle into the anomaly with the intention of exploring it

### **Record 2014/04/03 - 100201**

#### Rally Point A

****Members:****

* STF Xi-10 (Hanging Out Meeting):

 * Captain Humberto Castillo Fuertes

 * Agent Alice Molinaro

 * Agent Suban Dualeh

* Research and Containment Team Δt

 * Dr. Ak

 * Ag. Groundhog

* COMMAND

---

*<All agents are crammed on the cockpit of the exploratory vehicle, wearing esomat suits and looking through the windshield at the desert beyond. Dr. Ak, on account of being a [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paranthropus paranthropus], is sitting on a modified chair>//

**Ag. Dualeh:** It looks normal.

**Dr. Ak:** *<Speaking through a bionic speaker system>* DOUBT.

**Ag. Groundhog:** Yeah it does, but trust me, it never is.

**Cpt. Castillo:** Command, requesting permission to advance into the anomaly.

**COMMAND:** Permission granted.

*<The vehicle starts. It moves from a road that has been bisected by the anomaly, and traverses the first stretch of desert.>*

**Ag. Dualeh:** So, why didn't they send a drone to do this?

**Ag. Groundhog:** We sent an unmanned temporal vessel into it but it didn't yield anything.

**Ag. Dualeh:** So it shot down what we sent into it?

**Ag. Groundhog:** Perhaps.

*<Silence on recording, only punctuated by the groaning of the motor.>*

**Ag. Molinaro:** So, just to be clear. Are you actually time travelers?

**Ag. Groundhog:** We are.

**Ag. Dualeh:** If you come from the future, wouldn't you already know what this thing we are venturing into is?

**Dr. Ak:** TIME. COMPLEX. VARIABLES.

**Ag. Groundhog:** If we did know, we still wouldn't tell you. Part of the directive to avoid paradoxes.

**Dr. Ak:** PROTOCOL.

**Ag. Molinaro:** Thank you, Planet of the Apes.

**Dr. Ak:** INSULT. OFFENSE.

**Cpt. Castillo:** Silence. There's movement ahead.

*<The vehicle is climbing past a ridge. Beyond it, buildings are visible.>*

**Ag. Dualeh:** Buildings.

**Ag. Molinaro:** Yeah, we can see them.

**Cpt. Castillo:** This is Captain Humberto Castillo to command. There are buildings inside the anomaly.

**COMMAND:** We see them through your cameras.

**Cpt. Castillo:** Command, are there any records of a town inside of SCP-9993 before?

*<Silence on recording.>*

**COMMAND:** No. This is a new development. Move closer.

**Dr. Ak:** BUILDINGS. TIME. DISPLACEMENT. 

**Cpt. Castillo:** Will they be hostile?

**Dr. Ak:** UNKNOWN.

**Cpt. Castillo:** I'm preparing counteroffensive measures, then.

**Ag. Dualeh:** Wait, why? They look normal from here.

**Ag. Molinaro:** Maybe. But once we get closer they might want to eat us or something.

**Ag. Groundhog:** You don't want to know what time decompression does to a body.

**Ag. Dualeh:** No, I do. Specially if I'm the one heading into them.

**Dr. Ak:** VEHICLE. SECURE.

*<The vehicle moves closer.>*

**Ag. Dualeh:** It looks like a normal town. For this general location, that is.

**Ag. Molinaro:** Yeah. Classic old and run down buildings.

**Ag. Groundhog:** Something should be different.

*<The vehicle is now at the threshold of the town but is unable to proceed further due to its width exceeding that of the roads.>*

**Cpt. Castillo:** We have to leave the vehicle and continue afoot. Doctor, you stay here and keep the engine warm. Be prepared to extract if the situation gets too dire. The rest, move out. The Xi-10s go together and Groundhog goes with me. Radio in if there's any trouble. Keep a clear line of communication with command, if needed.

**Dr. Ak:** AFFIRMATION.

**Ag. Molinaro:** Aye.

*<The teams exit the vehicle through an airlock. Agents Dualeh and Molinaro proceed deeper into the town while Cpt. Castillo and Groundhog travel its perimeter.>*

**Ag. Molinaro:** This truly looks like a normal town.

**Ag. Dualeh:** It did just get teleported from somewhere in a flash of unexplainable blinding light. That's stuff normal towns aren't supposed to do.

**Ag. Molinaro:** I guess. What do the instruments say?

**Ag. Dualeh:** Classic stuff. We just  left a truck with an SRA the size of a bear, so hume values will be within bounds. Tachyon emissions are abnormal but that's to be expected... Everything else is peachy.

*<They proceed deeper into the town for 30 seconds.>*

**Ag. Dualeh:** Okay, here's something.

**Ag. Molinaro:** What?

**Ag. Dualeh:** Everything is old.

**Ag. Molinaro:** What?

**Ag. Dualeh:** Modern towns have signaling and telephone cables. Look around. Do you see any of those here?

**Ag. Molinaro:** No...

**Ag. Dualeh:** Exactly.

**Ag. Molinaro:** Okay, so town without any modern infrastructure. That's normal in inner Spain.

**Ag. Dualeh:** I know, abandoned towns are a dime a dozen. But you at least get electricity. Alarms here and there. There's nothing here.

*<A door in front of them opens. A middle aged woman wearing medieval age attire stumbles out. She looks at the two agents and falls on her ass.>*

**Ag. Dualeh:** Woah!

**Ag. Molinaro:** *<Into the radio.>* Captain, Command, this is Agent Molinaro. There's a human in the anomaly.

**COMMAND:** Bag him and bring him to the Rally Point.

**Cpt. Castillo:** Be careful and approach with caution. Could be dangerous.

*From behind the woman, a small boy stumbles out. He helps the woman up and then looks directly at the two agents. It screams.*

**Ag. Molinaro:** *<Into the radio.>* Agent Molinaro again. There's two humans in the anomaly.

**Ag. Dualeh:** *No hay dos sin tres*."There's no two without three."

**Ag. Molinaro:** *<Into the radio.>* There's probably more.

**Cpt. Castillo:** Hostile?

**Ag. Dualeh:** No. Scared.

**Cpt. Castillo:** Approach with care and ascertain intentions, then.

*<Ag. Molinaro approaches a middle-aged woman who is transfixed at the sight of the two agents.>*

**Ag. Molinaro:** Hello! I'm with an organization that helps people in unusual situations. Are you doing alright?

**Unidentified Woman:** What?

**Ag. Dualeh:** We asked if you're doing alright.

*<The woman seems increasingly frightened.>*

**Unidentified Woman:** What are you? What is that? *<She points down the street at the van.>*

**Ag. Molinaro:** That's a van. And this is Agent 23647 and I'm agent 19526.Ag. Dualeh and Molinaro's employee numbers, respectively. Agents are authorized to give them out in specific situations as per standard foundation practice.

*<The woman screams incoherently, drops to her knees and starts praying.>*

**Ag. Dualeh:** Okay, now what do we do?

*<Ag. Dualeh approaches the next person, a boy who is sitting against the wall of the house, looking intermitently at the woman and the agents.>*

**Ag. Dualeh:** Hey, you good?

*<The boy does not move.>*

**Ag. Molinaro:** *<Speaking into the radio.>* Civilians are disoriented and largely unresponsive. What is the next course of action?

**Cpt. Castillo:** Found three other civilians in the fields. They are unconscious. Command, I don't think we are currently in danger and I'm officially requesting backup.

**COMMAND:** Received, rest of the teams are on their way.

Following this initial foray into SCP-9993, six other teams were sent into the town and surrounding areas, finding 121 individuals in various states of consciousness. They were all gathered into provisional Rally Point A to be questioned as the entire town was scanned for any further anomalous activity. Once the status of relative normalcy was confirmed, the population was permitted to return to SCP-9993 and enter a state of containment.

To the attention of the O5 Council:

I have carried on with the first hand examination of SCP-9993, as instructed, and thoroughly determined that it poses no active menace. The township itself is inert and its inhabitants lack awareness of what's going on. Moreover, they display no overtly hostile intent. Regardless, I have discreetly removed from the premises any elements that I have deigned to be of interest to the Council for further research. 

Far be it from me to pretend to know more than the Council, but I nevertheless recommend the thorough containment and surveillance of the remainder of the town and its dwellers.

Factotum Versailles

OVERWATCH COMMAND

As of 05/04/2014, SCP-9993-1 was found to have subsided significantly, yet not completely. Surveillance and research teams were left on site and a new SCP document was drafted.

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** All actions for containment of SCP-9993 are to be carried out by Outpost-137 under the purview of Site-137. The provisional supervisor of Outpost-137 is Dr. Diego Orbach, with assistance from a liaison from RCT-Δt, currently Dr. Ak. Outpost-137 is currently guarded by PTF Delta-21 ("Time out").

An electric fence is to surround SCP-9993. All roads leading to SCP-9993 have been cut  and air travel around SCP-9993 is to be closely monitored. Standard Cover Story 26 ("Toxic spill") is in use.

SCP-9993-A are to remain contained fully within SCP-9993. They are subject to a curfew (from 20H to 05H) yet their day to day lives are to carry on as unimpeded as possible. Interaction between Foundation personnel and SCP-9993-A instances is to be kept to a strict minimum. The main objective of these interactions is to aid in the containment of SCP-9993 and SCP-9993-A themselves. These protocols can be waved away in the specific circumstances of a potentially dangerous Extranormal Temporal Event.

Guidelines for interaction with the inhabitants of SCP-9993 (henceforth, SCP-9993-A) are as follows:

* Every individual interacting with SCP-9993-A must wear specialised hazmat suits for the protection of both SCP-9993-A and the individual.

* Any and all materials coming from outside of SCP-9993 that are expected to come in contact with SCP-9993-A are to be properly sanitized.

* Cultural exchange between SCP-9993-A and the rest of the world is to be handled by the designated SCP-9993 cultural liaison (currently Dr. Dani Oliva).

 *  SCP-9993-A are subject to education and reeducation in the designated area of Outpost-137 as to properly fit with baseline reality, and update them in the history and scientific advancements that have ensued since 1632.Dossiers on education and reeducation are found in Supplemental documentation.

 * Foods and drinks for SCP-9993-A consumption are to be properly rated as appropriate by onsite medical personnel.

 

These measures are expected to remain in place until such a time as all SCP-9993-A instances have been properly immunized to baseline time microbes and other such organisms. To this end, all inhabitants of SCP-9993 are to undergo vaccination and education in proper higiene. 

Other services such as security and healthcare are to be provided by Foundation personnel.

Structures within SCP-9993 are to be maintained in pristine condition, though additional infrastructure for the purposes of transport, sanitation and surveillance can be added at Outpost-137's discretion. Additional buildings can be constructed in SCP-9993 whenever necessary.

In case of a noticeable augment of SCP-9993-1 and the occurance of an Extranormal Temporal Event, the Temporal Anomalies Department is to be notified immediately. To this end, Tachyon and Kant counters are to be present in every 4 square meters in the entirety of SCP-9993's surface.

**Description:** SCP-9993 is an area of 10 km^^2^^ containing the town of "San Antonio del Monte," located 50 km east of Zaragoza, Spain. SCP-9993 was completely absent from consensus reality from the year 1632 until 03/04/2014.

SCP-9993 has 146 inhabitants (henceforth referred to as SCP-9993-A), and a total of 36 buildings of various sizes and intended use. Inhabitants of SCP-9993 have been found to be baseline humans by all currently issued tests.

SCP-9993 suffers irregular augments of SCP-9993-1, meaning an increase in Tachyon and Chronon emissions and a decrease in localised Hume values. Such events are classified as an ETE-9993 with its own numerical designation. **[Further Information is Classified Level 5: Top Secret]**

<details>
<summary>Following section is redacted per order of the O5 Council</summary>

This report is to be sent to the O5 Council to expose the conclusions of the Temporal Anomalies Department's impressions on SCP-9993.

The nature of SCP-9993 was already known to us before its arrival to your baseline temporality, yet the nature of the Foundation meant that the actions you undertook were supposed to happen regardless of our prior knowledge. Yet, even if SCP-9993 has proven to be inoffensive and its inhabitants are simply defenseless people from the 1600s, the area is still anomalously active, as proven by the tachyon bursts still happening on it, which were unexplained until the events of this morning. I attach footage recorded by a surveillance camera in SCP-9993.

### **Record 2014/04/20 - 10145**

#### Captured by surveillance cameras in the outskirts of SCP-9993.

---

*<SCP-9993-A89 (male, 31 years old, responds to the name Antonio "El Corto") is inspecting his field, examining the plants.>*

*<There's a flash of light six meters away from SCP-9993-A89 and he falls over. A machine appears in the middle of the light. It has manufacture consistent with victorian era paratechnology. A trapdoor on the side of the machine opens and an entity wearing a diving suit emerges from it.>*

**Unidentified figure:** Greetings!

**SCP-9993-A89:** *<In Spanish>* What?

**Unidentified figure:** I come from the past to visit the irradiated wastelands of the far future in behalf of Prometheus Laboratories! Tell me native, what year is it?

**SCP-9993-A89:** *<In Spanish>* I don't understand you!

**Unidentified figure:** I thought italians would have gone extinct already. I might be at the wrong time.

**SCP-9993-A89:** *<In Spanish>* I'm sorry but...

**Unidentified figure:** Fear not, native, I shall leave now. I am clearly not in the future but in the past. I wish thee farewell!

*<The entity reenters the machine, which disappears in another flash of light.>*

The man with the diving suit has been identified as Dr. George H. Waters, a Prometheus Labs engineer from 1914, whose last project was a self titled "Time Machine". Until today, we didn't know if he had succeeded in his endeavours, as we thought he had perished in an explosion in his lab while testing his invention. The truth of the matter is that he survived and escaped into the future, but SCP-9993, probably due to its natural chronological instability attracted him to it. This event has already been classified by my department as "ETE-9993-1", because we expect many more of these events to be happening soon.

This is a great opportunity for both the Foundation and the efforts of my department to keep the timeline safe, as SCP-9993 seems to be a great attractor of temporal anomalies, which we could use to capture them.

Thaddeus Xyank

Director

Research and Containment Team Δt

</details>

---

**Addendum 9993-1:** Interactions with SCP-9993-A.

Predictably, cultural and scientific knowledge among SCP-9993-A is limited to that found in seventeenth century rural Spain. Containment efforts hinge on SCP-9993-A instances knowing enough of the modern world to streamline those same containment efforts. The nature of SCP-9993 itself as an isolated anachronicity will make the education in current topics difficult.

The SCP Foundation lives and breathes in a society that is inherently a product of the western age of enlightenment ideals, with our Veil having subsequently expanded to cover the entirety of the globe. We have encountered many cultures which are fundamentally different than our own (leaving beside the inherent anthropological idiosyncracies of the differences between Supra and Infra-Veil societies). Many times, these cultures are dead and thus supposedly static (Vemhoff, 1946, 28) (Lindqvist *et al.*, 2004, 41), sometimes, they are alive and have evolved alongside our own (Andrews, 2011, 35).

SCP-9993 poses a challenge as it is our own culture, yet temporally isolated in the past. Walking through the streets of SCP-9993 immediately after it was discovered was like walking through a living museum. Which raises, of course, the nontrivial issue of the changes that have elapsed in four centuries of time. Spain in the 1600s was rigid. It had a caste system, the king and nobility at the top, supported by a church that favoured fear and zeal, and a high majority of peasants at the bottom. Now, it also was the biggest empire of the world, controling and ruthlessly exploiting the Americas and Asia, and entrenched in wars in Europe. But the people at the bottom rung of the ladder were extremely poor. Yet they were proud of their apparent might. And we cannot forget about the sexism, racism and religious intolerance common at the time. 

It's too early to tell, but as it stands it seems like this anomaly is a snapshot of the time, both physically and societally.

Now, we know of temporally isolated anomalies and the challenge they present. Psychologically, being or feeling outside of your own time causes an infinite amount of problems (Reynders, 1999, 65), and in SCP-9993, these will be upscaled to a whole town. This means that we have to do out best to help the inhabitants of San Antonio del Monte out of current predicament. I am unsure of how all of this will be dealt with in the long run. But I look forward to seeing the situation evolve. While solutions to the issue currently elude us, progress is being made, and I look forward to seeing the situation evolve.

Dr. Dani Oliva

*Review of the Discovery of SCP-9993*

Internal Foundation Publishing

24/06/2014

A center of learning has been created as the first permanent building in Outpost-137 as a means to aid in communication between Foundation personnel and SCP-9993-A. The following are excerpts of the first recorded interactions between them. All of them were originally recorded in Spanish.

### **Record 2014/06/27 - 10187**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A81

Male, 38 years old, responds to the name of Don Mariano de la Vega.

---

**Dr. Orbach:** I know these news are a lot to take in, but we are trying to help you.

**SCP-9993-A81** I don't believe this. This is outrageous!

**Dr. Orbach:** Yeah, I know, you spend all your life thinking the world works in one specific way and it turns out that it doesn't. It is upsetting.

**SCP-9993-A81** How dare you do this to us! Imprison a town of good catholic folk like us!

**Dr. Orbach:** I'm sorry?

**SCP-9993-A81** I don't know who you work for, be it the Great Turk, or the anglicans of the perfidious Albion or even those accursed and affeminate Franks, but this insult shan't go unpunished! I'll have you know that my uncle was of the Order of Borja y Aragón! I have noble, untainted blood in my heart and my cousin is a captain in the armies of the King! They will see to it that retribution is served and you are driven away from our lands!

**Dr. Orbach:** Oh, alright then. I guess I'll let you return to your house and calm down.

### **Record 2014/04/29 - 100192**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A6

Female, 30 years old, responds to the name of Orosia Aguirre.

---

**Dr. Oliva:** Hello.

*<Silence on recording.>*

**Dr. Oliva:** Are you alright?

**SCP-9993-A6:** Are you going to eat me?

**Dr. Oliva:** ...No? 

*<Silence on recording.>*

**Dr. Oliva:** You are aware of the fact that you are now in the year 2014, are you?

**SCP-9993-A6:** Yes madam. That's what you keep saying.

**Dr. Oliva:** This is why, to better adapt you to current times, we want to show you what has happened in the last four hundred years, bit by bit. Are you alright with that?

**SCP-9993-A6:** I think so. It's hard to understand you because you speak through that tube inside of that frog skin attire.

**Dr. Oliva:** It's not a skin. It's a suit to keep us both isolated from possible patho... It doesn't matter. It is for our safety and yours. If it all goes well, we will teach you about biology and why this suit matters soon. For now, let's keep it simple.

**SCP-9993-A6:** It feels like a punishment. You are going to eat us. God punished us for our sins and we are now in hell. But why? We paid our dues. We prayed every day. We honored king and God.

**Dr. Oliva:** See? *<They hold up a pen.>* This is the most simple thing we could think about. It's a pen. It's for writing. It holds the ink inside of it, so you don't need an inkwell or anything like that. It makes writing so much easier. It's pretty neat, right?

*<Silence on recording.>*

**SCP-9993-A6:** I don't know how to write.

### **Record 2014/05/07 - 10202**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A9

Female, 72 years old, responds to the name María Trueva.

---

**SCP-9993-A9:** Good morning.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Good morning. 

**SCP-9993-A9:** What did you want?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Generally we're doing interviews to ascertain how you are adapting to your current situation. If I had to guess, it would be pretty traumatic to get hoisted from one era and get planted on another.

**SCP-9993-A9:** It might be. But I am old and It doesn't faze me much. It's like a dream.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Why is that?

**SCP-9993-A9:** I don't know. Perhaps it is because I've heard all the stories that go around. They say that up north, where the heathens live, women mate with demons with that one Luther's face. I've heard that in the Americas there's people without heads, that have their eyes, nose, mouth and such all planted in the middle of the torso. Father Narváez, and father Morelos and father Tomé before him used to preach of the miracles of Jesus and the happenings of Moses, Noah and that one called Melquisedec. All of this seems unbelievable and wondrous, but everyone says it's true. So why would a town that sleeps in one year and wakes up years later be that incredible?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** I guess it wouldn't be. But your opinion is a bit unique in this town. Most other people are scared and accuse us of various great evils.

**SCP-9993-A9:** Forgive them, if you will. I know them and love them, because I fed a great lot of them from my breast when they were naught but babes, but they grow stubborn, dense and dim-witted with age. 

**Dr. Bensaïd:** So, do you have any advice as to what to do?

**SCP-9993-A9:** They will get used to it like I've gotten used to the many tragedies in my life. You just have to help them along.

### **Record 2014/05/08 - 10223**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A75

Male, 8 years old, responds to the name Juan Ciervo.

---

**Dr. Oliva:** Hi, uhh... How are you?

**SCP-9993-A75:** Mother told me not to talk to you.

**Dr. Oliva:** What a great start.

**SCP-9993-A75:** Mother told me you were demons or angels or monsters or Englishmen.

**Dr. Oliva:** Your mother is... Orosia Aguirre, right?

**SCP-9993-A75:** Um... Yes.

**Dr. Oliva:** Makes sense. Then, depending on how you see the world, we might be all of those things.  Except Englishmen. I was born here, and not in England.

**SCP-9993-A75:** Really?

**Dr. Oliva:** Yes.

**SCP-9993-A75:** Is it true that we are no longer in the uh... year of our Lord 1632?

**Dr. Oliva:** Yes.

**SCP-9993-A75:** And... how?

**Dr. Oliva:** We don't know how. It just happened.

**SCP-9993-A75:** So, what happened? In all of these years?

**Dr. Oliva:** Many things. We can fly now.

**SCP-9993-A75:** Really?

**Dr. Oliva:** Yeah. We have these, uhh... ships, I guess? Yes, long and thin metal ships that can elevate themselves to the skies.

**SCP-9993-A75:** That's incredible.

*<Agent Molinaro enters the room.>*

**Ag. Molinaro:** Hey Dani. The kid's mom is outside crying.

**Dr. Oliva:** Oh. Seriously?

**Ag. Molinaro:** Yeah, she's screaming at Dualeh.

**Dr. Oliva:** Oh for... Ok. Juan, I hope to see you soon. Have fun out there. Alice, could you bring him to the mother? Thank you.

**SCP-9993-A75:** Bye, miss!

**Dr. Oliva:** Bye...

Similarly, microphones were planted across town to record conversations of potential interest.

### **Record 2014/06/07 - 10308**

#### Excerpt of a mass held in the SCP-9993 church of Saint Anthony.

---

*<Camera is located inbetween the benches of the church, which are packed with people. It captures SCP-9993-A62(Male, 52 years old, responds to the name "Father" Narváez) with his back turned on the congregation.>*

**SCP-9993-A62:** *In nomine deus, Amen.*

**Multiple voices:** *Amen.*

*<SCP-9993-A62 crosses himself and turns around.>*

**SCP-9993-A62:** My children. These are dire times. Everything we knew, everything we loved, has disappeared. We have been thrust into what our captors claim is a different time. Yet do not let their lies cloud your judgement. I have prayed, I have communed with Him and without a doubt I can carry his message to you: we are now in hell. A hell of machines, witch engines of great power, described in the book of Revelation. They burn with sulphur through cities of iron where the peoples sin uncontrollably.

*<There are gasps among the audience.>*

**SCP-9993-A62:** Yes, my children. The message is clear. In the scripture there are examples of the wrath of God descending upon a city and punishing its inhabitants for the sins commited. Remember Sodom and Gomorrah. Remember the whore of Babylon. They burned for their defiance of God.

**SCP-9993-A121:** Will we burn?

**SCP-9993-A62:** No, Manuela, this is no more than a test for the strongest warriors of the faith. Look at the eyes of the demons that have captured us. They may wear the skin of men but they are not. Their perversion pervades their whole being. Make no mistake, we are being tested. These unholy abominations want to make you stray from the divine light. Do not let them. Stand strong. Stand stalwart. For God is watching us.

*<SCP-9993-A62 crosses himself once more.>*

**SCP-9993-A62:** Amen.

---

The SCP-9993 containment team reported that the lack of infrastructure present in the town and the often confrontational nature of SCP-9993-A  pose difficulties given the large scale nature of the containment project.

---

**To:** m.bosch@scp.int

**From:** d.orbach@scp.int

**Subject:** SCP-9993 Problems

---

Hello Milena.Site Director of Site-137. I hope this email finds you well.

I write to you because I need a bit of support with running this place. We have occupied an entire town with what they are perceiving as, essentially, an alien military force, and that doesn't help things run smoothly. The SCP-9993-A mistrust us, the soldiers treat this like an army camp and we simply don't have enough infrastructure to make the place work.

We've put up electric fences, cameras and microphones, we even have drones patroling the skies. I'm sure some poor intern is monitoring telecommunications to scrub all the mentions of a new town in Aragón. But that doesn't help with the fact that the people here are restless. 

We have to bring the food in unmarked trucks from Site-34 and we have to serve it to the inhabitants in the form of featureless protein rich gruel. They used to have a couple of wells in town but the time traveling adventure has somehow dried them. There's probably some geological-temporal nonsense going on with the groundwater (which we would know if a geologist had come down from 898 as I requested). So the water is also sourced from the outside. They hate all of it. We've been trying to wrangle them for an in depth analysis to see if they carry any pathogens from way back when. They throw stones at us when we do that.

I'm sure I don't have to tell you how much these difficulties strain the overall containment project.

Hope to hear from you soon. 

@@ @@

**To:** d.orbach@scp.int

**From:** m.bosch@scp.int

**Subject:** Re:SCP-9993 Problems

---

Hello Diego, I'm afraid I don't understand exactly what you are asking for, but I can give you an answer regardless.

SCP-9993 is a highly sensitive project. This is a little break of confidentiality here, but temporal anomalies are subject to extreme surveillance for a reason: their mere existence threatens the structure of baseline reality. You, and by extension me, are being watched by the O5 Council with a close eye. And the RCT-Δt are perhaps even more zealous, as you can see with how they act around you.

I have it on good authority that SCP-9993's appearance in baseline reality has caught the attention of some players in the paranormal global stage. Which just means that you have to be even more careful.

Right now, and only thanks to our recently augmented budget, all I can do is sign off the building of more amenities for your outpost and the inhabitants of the town.

---

**Addendum 9993-2:** Incidents of note.

The following are a list of incidents involving attempted containment breaches and/or tampering of SCP-9993 and the possible parties involved.

* 12/04/2014: A riot starts in SCP-9993 when SCP-9993-A52 and SCP-9993-A100 assault Agents Dualeh and Jaccard. Instances involved were reprimanded. The possibility of higher punitive measures was shot down by the directorship of Outpost-137.

* 20/04/2014: The first ETE-9993 (ETE-9993-1) event occurs.

* 22/04/2014: A member of "The Watch"Member of the Global Occult Coalition's Council of 108. *Modus operandi* and motive unknown. appears on the primary entrance to Outpost-137 accompanied by agent Neum of the GOC's PSYCHE division, demanding full control of SCP-9993. Agent Neum adds that it constitutes an anomalous enclave officially in territory of the MAGOF*Ministerio de Anomalías, Generalidades Ocultas y Fantasmagoria* (Ministry of Anomalies, Occult Generalities and Phantasmagoria). Spanish ministry in charge of anomalous endeavors and member of the Council of 108. and thus, should be under control of the GOC. The demands were denied citing the Algeciras Accords.

* 06/05/2014: A .txt file appears in six computers in Outpost-137. It bears the insignia of the terrorist group [Causality 𝑖](chaos-insurgency-hub ) and proclaims the future independence of SCP-9993, as "All temporal assets shall be freed." The file is later found to have always been present in the computers, making this event be reclassed as ETE-9993-3 **[Further Information is Classified Level 5: Top Secret]**.

* 20/05/2014: A letter from Marshall, Carter and Dark is received, offering to buy the plot of land SCP-9993 stands on to create a human zoo where customers could enjoy an immersive experience living in a theme park resort named "DonQuixoteLand". In exchange for SCP-9993, MC&D offered 9.000.000 euros, the location of 9 presumed lost Safe-class anomalous objects and a nine year lease on the extraction of naturally occurring spinal fluid from ██████████. Internally, the offer has been rejected, but communication is being kept open by the GoI Espionage and Counterespionage Department with the aims of locating and recontaining these anomalous assets.

* 04/06/2014: SCP-9993-A89 starts a disturbance in the main square of SCP-9993. Upon interrogation, he states that he has seen the future, and details multiple events yet to happen, as confirmed by RCT-Δt. This is classified as ETE-9993-4.

* 27/06/2014: SCP-9993-A75, Juan Ciervo, disappears. A town-wide search is started and hole in the electric fence is found. As all SCP-9993-A instances pose a threat to the Veil and the possible spread of extinct contagions, containment teams were mobilised to recontain the threat.

---

**Addendum 9993-1:** Interactions with SCP-9993-A, contd.

Following the disappearance of an inhabitant of SCP-9993, interviews were scheduled with other SCP-9993-A to try to ascertain more the motives of the disappearance. SCP-9993-A6, the mother of SCP-9993-A75 was unresponsive and SCP-9993-A73, A74 and A76, SCP-9993-A75 sister and brothers respectively, were unable to answer any questions formulated by the containment team.

The supervisor of Outpost-137 ordered that SCP-9993-A of interest be interrogated under the guise of continued education efforts.

### **Record 2014/06/27 - 10339**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A22

---

**Foreword**

SCP-9993-A22 (Male, 42 years old, responds to the name of José Trueva) is the neighbor of SCP-9993-A75's family.

---

**SCP-9993-A22:** Good morning, Doctor Bensaïd.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Good morning... José. How are you today?

**SCP-9993-A22:** Nothing much to do. I normally work on the field, but you people don't let me do it. So without my field I can't do much.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Your concern is noted. So, today we're going to talk about the world. What do you know about it?

**SCP-9993-A22:** What do you mean "the world"?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Geography. That sort of thing. Do you know where we are?

**SCP-9993-A22:** San Antonio del Monte?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Yeah, but like, where on a map.

**SCP-9993-A22:** I don't think I've ever seen a map. Oh no. That's wrong. I once saw a map because Don Mariano de la Vega showed it to me.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** And?

**SCP-9993-A22:** I didn't understand it.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Alright, but could you point me to the nearest city?

**SCP-9993-A22:** Can do. *<He points to the west.>* That way is Alcubierre. *<He stands up and points with more energy in the same direction.>* Farther away there is Zaragoza. *<He points to the east.>* That way is Barcelona. *<Lastly, he points south-west.>* And that way is Madrid and his Majesty.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Very good! So, are you aware of the world's size?

**SCP-9993-A22:** My brother left for the new world some ten years ago. He wanted to escape the war. Oh. Not ten. You know... Time. I don't know how he did, over there. I never received any news. And I guess it's too late for that, now.

*<Silence on recording.>*

**Dr. Bensaïd:** I'm really sorry.

**SCP-9993-A22:** Such is this valley of tears, but God provides. What did you want to show me?

*<Dr. Bensaïd produces a globe of the earth.>*

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Do you recognise this?

**SCP-9993-A22:** No...?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** This is the Earth. Well, a miniature scale model of it.

**SCP-9993-A22:** So it is round!

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Yeah.

**SCP-9993-A22:** Don Mariano told me that, once. I didn't believe it. You know, from the top of the Monegros, it's all flat. He called me stupid. Guess he was right.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** He went too far. *<Dr. Bensaïd rotates the globe and points at Spain.>* We are here. That way is America, and that way is Asia. 

**SCP-9993-A22:** That can't be right. We are so small!

**Dr. Bensaïd:** We are. Yet, that's not entirely true.

**SCP-9993-A22:** What do you mean?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Do you know how far the first towns and cities you named are?

**SCP-9993-A22:** I've never been outside of San Antonio, but I think... roughly one day of travel on foot for Zaragoza. I don't know the rest.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Barcelona is much farther. Now, would you say that these distances are suitable for children to walk around?

**SCP-9993-A22:** Juan is young. I could work the fields for hours when I was his age. He'll be alright.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** I guess we disagree in some matters.

*<He picks up the globe and looks at it.>*

**SCP-9993-A22:** Unbelievable.

### **Record 2014/06/27 - 10340**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A81 (Don Mariano de la Vega)

---

**Foreword**

Since his last interview, it has been ascertained that SCP-9993-A81 is an *hidalgo*, a member of the small nobility and considered to be a leader among the community of SCP-9993.

---

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Hello Don Mariano de la Vega. Can I call you Don Mariano?

*<SCP-9993-81 is silent.>*

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Are you alright? Do you need...

**SCP-9993-81:** You disgust me. 

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Pardon?

**SCP-9993-81:** You heard me. *Voto a bríos*!Untranslatable. You lot are heathens and demons. Your skin, your language, your life is wrong. You look like a filthy *Morisco*Term used to refer to former muslims living in the Iberian Peninsula after the Iberian muslim kingdoms were conquered by the christian kingdoms. who should have been driven out of this land with...

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Ok... So that's enough of that. *<He presses the intercom.>* Agent Molinaro, could you please remove this subject from the premises. Thank you!

### **Record 2014/06/29 - 10342**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A62 (Father Narváez)

---

**Foreword**

The thorough examination of surveillance cameras revealed suspicious activity from SCP-9993-A62, the local priest, which was brought for questioning immediately after.

---

**Dr. Orbach:** Hello father.

*<Silence on recording.>*

**Dr. Orbach:** I profusely apologize for the treatment you've surely suffered.

*<Silence on recording.>*

**Dr. Orbach:** Father Narváez. I know you do not trust us. But we have to collaborate in this. This is an urgent endeavor.

*<Silence on recording for two minutes.>*

**Dr. Orbach:** *<Into the intercom.>* Please bring someone here to talk some sense into this... individual here.

**SCP-9993-A62:** There's no need.

**Dr. Orbach:** Oh, thank god.

**SCP-9993-A62:** I would keep His name out of your mouth. You may burn the holy cross on yourself if you mention it again.

**Dr. Orbach:** A child is lost. He shouldn't have gone far, but he's out there, without food or drink or anything. He might not survive.

**SCP-9993-A62:** Then such will be the will of the Almighty.

**Dr. Orbach:** You must be really proud of yourself.

**SCP-9993-A62:** I do not feel pride for my actions. For pride is sin. I only do what's right.

**Dr. Orbach:** Yeah, yeah, we've all read the booklet. But you've acted out of line.

**SCP-9993-A62:** My soul is clean. I only come clean in front of God. Only he can judge me.

**Dr. Orbach:** If that lets you sleep at night. We've bugged the entire town, so let me review your actions regardless, just for the record. You went into Orosia Aguirre's house the day before his son disappeared.

*<Silence on recording for two minutes.>*

**Dr. Orbach:** Silent treatment doesn't do much to me. I've had to deal with people more threatening than a backwards town monk.

**SCP-9993-A62:** Your insults mean nothing to me. I've been tasked by the Almighty and the Zaragoza diocese to help the people of this town. Each and everyone of us is tainted, that much is true. But children... they're purer souls. They don't understand what's going on and look at you with the whores of your women who walk freely around, doing men's tasks; and your heathen moors who openly worship demons and your unholy witch engines... they look at you and they might not identify the taint of sin pervading into your mind. So I have to save them! Set them free from your filthy claws.

**Dr. Orbach:** So the hole in the fence is also your making?

**SCP-9993-A62:** I shan't speak no more with the minions of the serpent.

**Dr. Orbach:** Very well then.

---

**Afterword**

SCP-9993-A62 was placed under close surveillance, and every house he entered after the previous interview was closely monitored for suspicious activity. Following visits from SCP-9993-A62, three other children tried to escape SCP-9993, but were stopped and returned to their houses.

@@ @@

Observing the shifts in the culture of SCP-9993 is extremely revealing. There is, of course, the aspect of learning the tiny tidbits of day to day life in the 1600s. We already knew the broad strokes -- I read *Don Quixote* and *Lazarillo de Tormes* in high school. But there's small details that aren't shown there. Day to day rituals, the way to eat food, the way people move.

Yet the consequences of their temporal transplantation are visible in their society. We are teaching them our ways, and our advancements, and they react to it. They now know the broad strokes of what a car is, and what the wonders of modern medicine can achieve, yet many of them are skeptical. And rightfully so. For them, combustion engines are akin to witchery. Thus, they either get defensive, like the ones following the priest of the town, one SCP-9993-A62, or they go the other way and start believing current humanity to be miraculous angels capable of great feats. We have registered the start of such worship starting as a grassroots movement in some minoritary spaces. Yet a not insignificant group has just been trying to survive and adapt in the pressures of their current situation.

I've advised that we try to ease tensions and slow down the exchange of information as to not overwhelm the collective of SCP-9993-A. And also because there's some things that we have to ponder how to properly explain. Because whether they regard them with skepticism or wonder, so far they've only been exposed to what we could call "the good things" of the last 400 years. But there are also horrors that i can't fathom how to expose to them. They understand guns, but how could they understand the current scale of warfare? Could they conceptualize the nuclear bomb? How do you explain climate change to someone who still goes to church to light candles to the appropriate saints who would give them the correct amount of rain? And how do you manage to change an entire town's worth of conceptions like that? Is it even worth it?

At the time of writing, these questions still lie unanswered.

Dr. Dani Oliva

*Sociological progress on SCP-9993*

Foundation Internal Publishing

06/01/2014

@@ @@

---

**Addendum 9993-3:** ETE-9993

<details>
<summary>Following section is redacted per order of the O5 Council</summary>

This report is to be sent to the O5 Council of the TL-1911 timeline, as a status report of all investigations and compiled ETE-9993 happening in the SCP-9993 currently extant in that timeline.

The origin of SCP-9993 remains under investigation. Currently we believe it is a result of either the temporal instability inherent to the 5th Occult War (happening concurrently with the 30 Years' War, from 1618 to 1648), the actions of a single lone transtemporal ontokinetic agent or just a naturally occurring fluke of time. What has become clear is that since its apparition in baseline reality, it presents a permanent space of instability within the structure of time. Here is an abridged list of Extranormal Temporal Events:

* ETE-9993-1: (20/04/2014) A lone individual commandeering an unregulated temporal travel device from 1915 appears in SCP-9993 (detailed in my last memo).

* ETE-9993-2: (30/04/2014) Rift to the mesozoic era opens inside SCP-9993-A41's house. 20 organisms of the era escaped through it. 8 of them are currently still at large within the area and have seemingly adapted to it. The 12 remaining have been sent to Site-403.

* ETE-9993-3: (06/05/2014) A .txt file is retroactively planted in six computers in Outpost-137 by terrorist group Causality *i*.

* ETE-9993-4: (04/06/2014) SCP-9993-A89 inexplicably is witness to six key events in the future of the timeline, including **[Further Information is Classified Level 6: Cosmic Top Secret]**, the eradication of all lactose materials by 2179, **[Further Information is Classified Level 6: Cosmic Top Secret]**. He subsequently creates a disturbance in the town square. Interrogations by regular personnel and later by our personnel reveal that he's in an emotionally altered state and believes himself to be the only one capable to save and I quote "Humanity and its friends the cows from the wrath of God." Subject was amnesticized and returned to SCP-9993.

* ETE-9993-5: (18/06/2014) A grave with the inscryption "Thaddeus Xyank 2451-2019" spontaneously appears in SCP-9993's graveyard. It has since been demolished.

* ETE-9993-6: (29/07/2014) All timekeeping devices within SCP-9993 were found to be inconsistent in comparison with ones outside of the anomaly. Upon request, a [Gamma rank Eigensamble](secure-facility-dossier-site-222 )Peace of timekeeping paratechnology capable of tracking shifts in the standard of time. was manufactured and placed within SCP-9993.

* ETE-9993-7: (09/08/2014) All religious icons in SCP-9993 are transformed into [INFORMATION WITHHELD AS PER SAFEGUARDS ON OPERATION TIMEGELD]

* ETE-9993-8: (22/08/2014) SCP-9993-A31 disappears from SCP-9993 for a day. When they return, they do so bearing heavy transhuman alteration and mild psionic abilities. They are subsequently identified as PoI-189324, a known serial time traveler, and contained as SCP-█████.

* ETE-9993-9: (16/09/2014) Special investigator Verdana, of the Department of Temporal Anomalies reports that every test of [SCP-4132](scp-4132)^^ⓘ^^SCP-4132SCP-4132 is a device manufactured by Chronos Controlos capable of making an individual experience an hour in another period of time. Currently in use by the Department of Temporal Anomalies for exploration and research of unaccesible time periods. inexplicably show various locations of SCP-9993 during the entirety of the day.

These events demonstrate what we already believed: the fact that temporal anomalies seem attracted to the location. This has or will turn SCP-9993 into a volatile point of interest of multiple potentially hostile agents in the chronoline. I've put Delta-T on high alert regarding this location as there might be further incursions. It's only a matter of time before the [Golden Horde](golden-horde-blues)^^ⓘ^^The Golden HordeThe Golden Horde (GoI number unavailable), consists of a time traveling band of Mongol warriors with violent intent and unclear goals. Their actions represent a 16% of time crime related phenomena as recorded by RCT-Δt. or [something much worse](cos-tu-smierdzi ) comes barreling through SCP-9993. I requested the construction of six specialised Cyprog-Daghlian Temporal Stabilization Field Generators for deployment in Outpost-137 until the Council decides what to do with the anomaly.

As SCP-9993 has already become an indispensable asset to RCT-Δt (and thus, the Foundation at large) for capturing and studying time travelers unaligned with the Foundation, my recommendation is that we strengthen our presence within. Other transtemporally capable GoIs know of SCP-9993 and they are making moves to attempt secure it for themselves, as is evidenced by the Global Occult Coalition and the Chaos Insurgency's demands. Yet the construction of this so-called "temporal trap" requires a population willing to follow the Foundation's guidelines.

This is all I have so far. I await our next meeting.

Thaddeus Xyank

Director

Research and Containment Team Δt

</details>

---

**Addendum 9993-4:** The search for SCP-9993-A75.

While the internal investigations over the disappearance of SCP-9993-A75 were happening inside SCP-9993, police and emergency service communication channels around the area were being monitored. 

On 18/07/2014, an outbreak of an unidentified disease was detected in the Lozano Blesa Hospital of Zaragoza. This fact was brought to the Foundation's attention due to elevated activity by the GOC's World Parahealth Organization onsite. An MTF team was sent to investigate and found SCP-9993-A75 inside the hospital, as well as many infected individuals. It had been determined that SCP-9993-A75 was the vector of the pathogen and was about to be moved offsite by the WPhO. Nevertheless, Foundation personnel were able to secure him through diplomatic means and extract him to Site-137. 

It was subsequently found that SCP-9993-A75 had been discovered by a family while it was traversing a road close to SCP-9993. It was brought to the hospital due to his words being interpreted as delirious rambling. Once in the hospital, the instance's health deteriorated and the surrounding persons subsequently suffered symptoms of the unidentified illness. Later findings revealed that it was a strain of common cold that had naturally disappeared but SCP-9993-A75 still carried. SCP-9993-A75 was similarly infected by the common flu.

---

**To:** m.bosch@scp.int

**From:** d.orbach@scp.int

**Subject:** SCP-9993 Problems part 2

---

Hello Milena.

I am writing for two reasons:

1. I want to know how the child is faring and when we can get him back here.

2. I would like guidance in terms of what to do with the GoIs that are showing at our doorstep. I guess you or Jimena are dealing with the absurd letter from the auction house guys. But please tell me something is being done about the GOC. I'm still reeling from a silent, freakishly tall faceless time traveler asking me to hand over the site. I could easily wave away the agent with their warrant from the ministry, but the first one was very scary.

3. If we can do anything else with the SCP-9993-As. With the limited resources we have, whatever we try they shrug it off. Some of them are starting to come around, as I'm sure Oliva told you, but the conspiracy to help the children escape demonstrates that we are surely doing something wrong here.

Thank you for your help in advance. 

@@ @@

**To:** d.orbach@scp.int

**From:** m.bosch@scp.int

**Subject:** Re:SCP-9993 Problems part 2

---

Hello Diego. 

I appreciate the work you are trying to get done and your honesty. So let me answer your concerns one by one.

1. SCP-9993-A75 had the common cold, but the lack of an immunological system resistant to our current strains made him be more gravely ill. Doctors foresee some weeks of recovery.

2. GoI relations experts are trying and get them to leave you alone. But I can make no promises, especially after this containment breach.

3. This is the important one. The escape of one SCP-9993-A instance is proof that the current containment methods aren't enough. You are trying to play nice with anomalies. I know that there is a current among some sites, [Vegas Accords](the-signing-of-the-las-vegas-accords ) signataries and whatnot, to try to appease the abnormal with niceties. We can't afford to do that here. It simply isn't our *modus operandi*. Whether they want it or not, the SCP-9993-A pose a threat to our society and the veil. You need a firm hand.

And, of course, there's the matter of the SCP-9993-1 and the time distortions. You cannot fix that, but palliative measures enacted by RCT (like those fancy new machines we sent there from Area-11) will probably be enough to appease the O5s.

Keep your dogs on a short leash, Diego.

Until next time.

---

**Addendum 9993-1:** Interactions with SCP-9993-A, contd.

Following the rediscovery of SCP-9993-A75, the inhabitants of SCP-9993 weren't notified of the fact, yet the battery of education interviews for SCP-9993-A continued. 

### **Record 2014/07/21 - 10452**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A89 (Antonio "el Corto")

---

*<Dr. Oliva lifts a can of insecticide.>*

**Dr. Oliva:** And if you press here, you release it and kill the pests on the crop.

**SCP-9993-A89:** Even the plant louse?

**Dr. Oliva:** Specially the plant louse.

**SCP-9993-A89:** That is witchcraft.

**Dr. Oliva:** It's the future, Antonio. We can do everything. Now, remember not to eat it.

### **Record 2014/07/24 - 10454**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A81 (Don Mariano de la Vega)

---

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Will you behave, today, Don Mariano?

*<SCP-9993-A81 is standing against the door of the interview cubicle. He spits on the floor.>*

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Diego, I think he won't be reasonable today either.

**Dr. Orbach:** If you want to stop it, we can. You don't have to go through this again.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** It's ok. Mariano, come here.

**SCP-9993-A81:** I don't follow orders of [EXPLETIVE REDACTED].

**Dr. Bensaïd:** I didn't know that word existed in 1632.

**Dr. Orbach:** Me neither, to be honest.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Holes in the historical record, am I right? I guess we'll have to call the linguistics folks over this.

**SCP-9993-A81:** What do you want of us? We are a great and proud people. We are chosen by God to steward his word. We...

**Dr. Orbach:** You are full of yourself. Do you want the truth? You are an Hidalgo, right? You are proud of the fact that your father proved that he didn't have a drop of jewish or *mudejar*Islam followers permitted to stay in christian kingdoms. Afterwards they would be forced to convert, giving rise to the *Morisco*. blood and now you don't have to pay taxes or work because that would taint your resumé.

**SCP-9993-A81:** What are you blabbering about?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Dude, the spanish empire falls. The war you were in the middle of in your age, which we call the 30 year war, ended bankrupting the kingdom so much that it would not fully recover for a century.

**SCP-9993-A81:**  I'm not your uncle..."Dude" and "uncle" are the same word in Spanish.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** And thank God for that.

**Dr. Orbach:** All in all, Mariano, you were living in a lie of being all powerful. "Your majesties" the Hapsburgs fall due to their family tree looking like an onion. Their last child was more dead than alive and then the French put their own house to rule Spain.

**SCP-9993-A81:** Not the French...

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Time moves on, Mariano. You are here now. You can either adapt or not.

### **Record 2014/07/28 - 10460**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A9 (María Trueva)

---

*<Dr. Bensaïd pauses the MP3 player.>*

**Dr. Bensaïd:** It's in English, María. Modern music. These are called "The Beatles".

**SCP-9993-A9:** That was just noises.

### **Record 2014/08/02 - 10491**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A73

---

**Foreword**

SCP-9993-A73 (Female, supposedly 16 years old, responds to the name Alfonsa Ciervo) suffered a temporal translocation for roughly 60 years of subjective time, but two minutes of time within SCP-9993, which was later classified as ETE-9993-10.

---

**Dr. Oliva:** What do I have to do?

**Dr. Ak:** QUESTION.

**Dr. Oliva:** Oh, yeah, I got that. The question is how do I do it? I'm out of my depth here. I think this is something a psychologist should do, not me.

**Dr. Ak:** YOU. RESPONSABILITY.

**Dr. Oliva:** Can't you learn to type better? *<Dr. Oliva looks at SCP-9993-A73.>* Hi. 

**SCP-9993-A73:** Good afternoon.

**Dr. Oliva:** I am deeply sorry for thrusting you into this interview, but we have to understand what happened to you.

**SCP-9993-A73:** That's reasonable.

**Dr. Oliva:** So...

**SCP-9993-A73:** I shall be honest, I am not sure what happened either. I remember it clearly, like it happened yesterday.

**Dr. Oliva:** *<Under her breath.>* It did happen yesterday.

**SCP-9993-A73:** I was cleaning clothes in the washing place when everything became like crystal. It was marvelous at first, but then I saw that my mother wasn't talking and that Manuela was still, like a statue. And it became self-evident, the world was stuck in place except for me.

**Dr. Oliva:** What did you do?

**SCP-9993-A73:** I waited.

**Dr. Oliva:** For?

**SCP-9993-A73:** 70 years.

**Dr. Oliva:** No, but what were you waiting for.

**SCP-9993-A73:** Time to resume.

**Dr. Ak:** OBVIOUSNESS.

**Dr. Oliva:** And that's the only thing you did?

**SCP-9993-A73:** There are many things to do while waiting. I read all of the books in the little library in this building. I read all the documents available to me. I watched every bird, stuck in place. I learnt the shape of every building, tree, stone and person in town.

**Dr. Oliva:** That's more like it.

**SCP-9993-A73:** I have contemplated why God would put me in this situation and come put the other side stronger in faith and in purpose.

**Dr. Oliva:** And what would that be?

**SCP-9993-A73:** Help my people as much as possible. I know them inside and out, I know every hair on their head and every pore on their skin. And I love them fully. I was alone for 70 years and I don't want anyone else to suffer that fate.

**Dr. Ak:** INSPIRATION.

**Dr. Oliva:** Please stop speaking.

**SCP-9993-A73:** He can't help it. As all of us can't escape the nature of ourselves...

**Dr. Oliva:** Great. I see two ways out of this, we can give you amnestics, which would erase all memory of what for us were 24 hours and for you were 70 years, or you can go back to life in town knowing the unbearable truths about yourself you must surely have discovered. Or something along those lines.

**SCP-9993-A73:** I would never erase myself.

**Dr. Oliva:** Good enough for me.

---

**Addendum 9993-2:** Incidents of note. Contd.

* 26/08/2014: The GOC sends a memorandum to Site-137, demanding once again the control of SCP-9993 citing the World Parahealth Organization having to step in to sanitize the outbreak of smallpox as an agravating factor. In exchange for being left alone, the GoI Espionage and Counterespionage Department tips the GOC to multiple unlicensed thaumaturges acting in Catalonia.

* 02/09/2014: ETE-9993-11 occurs just before the installation of the Cyprog-Daghlian Temporal Stabilization Field Generators. Department of Temporal Anomalies personnel onsite help during the event.

* 06/09/2014: Myrmidon InternationalAnomalous Private Military Company with a sizeable R&D department. contacts Outpost-137 requesting a partnership in developing biological paraweapons out of SCP-9993-A. The offer is ignored.

* 11/09/2014: SCP-9993-A75 returns to SCP-9993. He explains his experiences outside of SCP-9993, leading to other SCP-9993-A asking personnel about medicine and the world outside SCP-9993.

### **Record 2014/10/01 - 10649**

#### Conversation at Outpost-137's gate

---

**SCP-9993-A22:** Hello.

**Ag. Dualeh:** Hello.

**SCP-9993-A22:** I had a query.

**Ag. Dualeh:** You should ask the doctors, then.

**SCP-9993-A22:** I think anyone can answer this one.

**Ag. Dualeh:** Oh. Shoot, then.

**SCP-9993-A22:** Shoot?

**Ag. Dualeh:** It doesn't matter. Ask the question.

**SCP-9993-A22:** Are people still normal outside of here?

**Ag. Dualeh:** What do you mean?

**SCP-9993-A22:** Father Narváez keeps going on and on about how you are perverted. Your women act like men and your men act like women, he says. He says your world is full of heathens and sodomists and...

**Ag. Dualeh:** Woah, woah, woah.

**SCP-9993-A22:** My question in the end is, is all of that the truth?

*<Silence on recording.>*

**Ag. Dualeh:** Well, no. It's different. I think the world has maybe always been "perverted" as that man says. Even in your times.

**SCP-9993-A22:** But...

**Ag. Dualeh:** Look, have you seen my skin color? In your times I would have been a slave or something. I would say that's the perverted thing, not the fact that I have women coworkers who act as soldiers.

*<Silence on recording.>*

**SCP-9993-A22:** But sodomy...

**Ag. Dualeh:** Oh come on, man. That priest of yours is a crazy. Yeah, men can have husbands and can women can have wives, now. Is that so weird? I'm sure there has been men in your town who fell in love with other men.

*<Silence on recording.>*

**SCP-9993-A22:** Her name was Juliana.

**Ag. Dualeh:** What?

**SCP-9993-A22:** When I was a boy there was a woman my age. She was friendly, hardworking and nice with everyone. She helped people. But one day the daughter of the mill owner said that Juliana had tried to kiss her. So Father Narváez named her a witch. He stripped her down and chained her to the pole in the square. We all gathered around and threw old food at her. We all forgot how nice she was before the Father decided that she was a witch.

**Ag. Dualeh:** What happened to her?

**SCP-9993-A22:** The inquisition arrived and burned her.

**Ag. Dualeh:** Fuck...

*<Silence on recording.>*

**SCP-9993-A22:** She was my friend. She... *<SCP-9993-A22 starts sobbing.>* ...was just normal?

**Ag. Dualeh:** Yeah, man.

*<SCP-9993-A22 sobs a bit more.>*

### **Record 2014/10/20 - 10718**

#### Excerpt of a mass held in the SCP-9993 church of Saint Anthony.

---

*<The camera is located in-between the benches of the church, which are noticeably emptier. Father Narváez is in front of the altar, looking at the congregation.>*

**Father Narváez:** Which is why we mustn't forget ourselves. We mustn't forget who we are, where we came from. We mustn't foget the perversion that these so called "people" aim to force upon us.

*<He walks down the steps to the altar. He grabs the first person in the first row of benches.>*

**Father Narváez:** Am I right, Miguel? I remember when you were born and your mother, may she rest in peace, brought you to me to be baptised in the light of the Lord. How do you feel about the perversion being forced down our throats? How do you feel about women, unmarried, walking around and giving orders? Because I tell you, and I tell you the truth, that what they do here, in our town, is only a small taste of what they do out of here.

**Miguel Hernández:** It is a perversion of the natural order!

**Father Narváez:** It is! And you, Manuela, do you remember when you were a small girl and you bruised your knee? Do you remember how you came to me and I helped you recover? How do you feel about the talk of these "small animals that carry disease through the air"?

**Manuela Gascón:** Is it heresy?

**Father Narváez:** It is! God didn't create that! Right? Is it true?

**Multiple voices:** It is!

*<Mariano de la Vega walks towards Father Narváez and whispers something into his ear.>*

**Father Narváez:** Well, no more! No more, I say! Half of the town has fallen to their lies and deceit. Half of the town has sold their body to the devil. *<He points at a painting in the ceiling, depicting hell.>* They will burn for ever more! And do not talk to them! Lest they pollute your ears with their sweet lies, like the serpent tempted Eve with her lascivious tongue!

*<The congregation starts shouting.>*

* 22/10/2014: It is remarked that since the installation of the new Stabilization Field Generators, there haven't been any Extranormal Temporal Events.

* 30/10/2014: Dr. Orbach and Dr. Oliva were invited to SCP-9993-A6 Orosia Aguirre's house as thanks for having brought SCP-9993-A75 home and also helping her daughter, SCP-9993-A73. The house was cleaned of possible contaminants and all inhabitants had been treated for any possible pathogens. The meeting served as an experiment for possible coexistence between SCP-9993-A and baseline humanity, proving that limited exposure wasn't detrimental to any of the two groups.

It is always an honor to be able to integrate oneself with the native inhabitants of an anomalous location. The recent experiences have served as a way to learn more about the day to day life of the 1600s. Primarily, the hardship. Orosia Aguirre (SCP-9993-A6), is a single mother of four (SCP-9993-A73, A74, A75 and A76), as her husband went to fight the 30 years' war. Due to the nature of SCP-9993, we can't know if he ever returned.

Yet past the hardship there was care. There was a sense of community. Orosia didn't know what to give us, as the food SCP-9993-A has been receiving has mainly been nutritive paste designed to make them resilient to current times. So she scrambled to prepare a rather simple, but effective garlic soup. And just to get that, she needed the support of her neighbors, who lent garlic and stale bread.

Of course, the conversation revolved around the adventures of her child. It was also obvious that the new nature of her daughter had become some sort of taboo. Another subject was the kind nature of her neighbors, who had helped massively during her son's disappearance. That kindness had now partially disappeared and she was concerned.

As it stands, the town is divided. Roughly one third of SCP-9993-A has warmed up to the modern world, mostly by expressing interest in what's beyond the electrified fences. They have seemingly made up their minds about not being in 1632 anymore. Another third is hellbent on their idea of still being in 1632, or perhaps beliefs weirder still. Their main point seems to be that everything we say is a fabrication and we spout harmful ideologies. The last third lies somewhere in the middle. And it's difficult to test the boundaries of these three groups.

Orosia warned us that something was going to happen, something big.

Dr. Dani Oliva

*Notes on the culture of SCP-9993*, unpublished 

01/11/2014

---

**Addendum 9993-5:** ETE-9993-Ω

NOTICE: The following event has an inconsistent record due to the inherent difficuty in recording chronologically unstable timelines of events. The record as it stands has been reconstructed from multiple eyewitnesses, different recordings of onsite surveillance equipment and data stored in deepwell servers.

**Appended Special Containment Procedures:** Personnel present in SCP-9993 during ETE-9993-Ω are to be made aware of possible differing memories of the events after ETE-9993-Ω as retroactive changes within SCP-9993 are being implemented. Personnel currently present in SCP-9993 are to take appropriate medicine for temporal dissociation. In the case of the appearance of a duplicate of an SCP-9993-A, RCT-Δt is to be notified immediately.

**Minutes of ETE-9993-Ω:**

**Ag. Molinaro:** The first day SCP-9993 appeared, I went in expecting the worst. We weren't told what it was, but I had heard of spatial anomalies that eat agents like candy, and Daevite plant golems that rip people apart. I was dreading it would be something like that. Instead we got a cozy town. With its problems, of course, but a cozy town at the end of the day. *<Deep breath.>* I think it was a respite, a lie. What we were expecting on the first day, came back to bite us in the ass in the last day.

ETE-9993-Ω remains a temporally unstable point in the timeline of SCP-9993, being constantly overwritten by the RCT-Δt, suspected members of the paraterrorist cell Causality *i*, at least two offshoots of the Golden Horde and temporal isolatesThough in some instances they appear to be wholly independent of the timeline, timeline travelers or fully extradimensional beings. of various SCP-9993-A instances. Nevertheless, the Department of Temporal Anomalies is working towards establishing a final and workable timeline of events and actors present during the event. The current one as of **[Information is Classified under Level 6: Cosmic Top Secret]** goes as follows:

The following is a reconstructed timeline of events from ETE-9993-Ω:

* At an as of yet undetermined point in the weeks before ETE-9993-Ω, SCP-9993-A81, Don Mariano de la Vega (either a real version of him or a temporal agent previously isolated by an external force) received information to sabotage the recently installed Cyprog-Daghlian Temporal Stabilization Field Generators.

* SCP-9993-A81 manages to sabotage the field generators.

### **Record 2014/11/20 - Ω205**

#### Reconstructed from multiple DEEPWELL servers

---

[11:02]: SCP-9993-A81 enters Outpost-137 in time for a scheduled interview.

[11:03]: Ag. Dualeh, who was guarding the room where the Cyprog-Daghlian Temporal Stabilization Field Generators are located, looks around, sees that there's nobody in the corridor, and leaves his post. He enters the bathroom.

[11:06]: SCP-9993-A81 walks into the unguarded Temporal Stabilization Field Generators room and takes out an unknown device.

[11:07]: A silver vehicle manifests floating on top of the SCP-9993 church. It is immediately forced to demanifest by the Temporal Stabilization Fields, marking a disrupted ETE-9993.

[11:09]: SCP-9993-A81 activates the unknown device as the Stabilization Field Generators do their automated check-up routine. The Stabilization Field Generators are now offline. Alarm klaxons sound throughout Outpost-137.

* Multiple hostile actors manifest from non normative temporalities within SCP-9993, accompanied by RCT-Δt agents to combat them.

**Ag. Dualeh:** I was in the bathroom when the klaxons started. I got up and then the stall door exploded inwards. Imploded? I don't care. There was a bear outside. What kind of bear? I don't know! It was big and black and it roared at me. And then it turned around and disarmed a hostile with a karate kick. I think he was from the Insurgency. The armed guy. Not the bear.

* Temporal warfare ensues throughout the town. Usage of acausal, precausal and paracausal weaponry causes heavy damage and losses on Foundation-aligned personnel.

### **Record 2014/11/20 - Ω826**

#### Captured by surveillance equiment in the main square of SCP-9993

---

*<Ag. Molinaro and RCT-Δt agents Wither and Groundhog are in the main square of SCP-9993, taking cover behind a Foundation issue vehicle.>*

**Ag. Molinaro:** What do we do?

**Ag. Wither:** Golden Horde is scheduled to appear...

*<Seven mongol warriors charge down a side street, howling.>*

**Ag. Wither:** ...then. *<They let loose a couple of shots, downing one of the horses.>*

*<Different, distorted shots are heard, and bullers impact against the car. One of the doors turns into oil, molten metal and smoldering sand.>*

**Ag. Groundhog:** Those are new ones. Damn!

*<They lean out of the cover and shoot towards an unseen enemy. A hostile wearing paratech camouflage falls to the floor.*

**Ag. Groundhog:** They're Causality.

**Ag. Wither:** Yes.

**Ag. Groundhog:** And they're three minutes early.

**Ag. Wither:** And... they're too many.

**Ag. Groundhog:** They changed the timetable again.

**Ag. Molinaro:** What does that mean?

**Ag. Groundhog:** No time to explain. Just hope that the schedule goes correctly and what should happen happens.

*<The mongol warriors and the paraterrorists clash in the middle of the square. One of the horses reverts to a fetus, dismounting its rider and several Insurgents fall to the floor, puckered by arrows.>*

**Ag. Wither:** Bingo!

**Ag. Molinaro:** Oof.

**Ag. Groundhog:** It's still too hot, I say we get away from here and try again.

**Ag. Molinaro:** I don't have to repeat that I don't know what you two terminators mean, but by all means.

*<The three agents run towards a street empty of hostiles. Various SCP-9993-A are seen cowering behind doors and columns.>* 

**Ag. Molinaro:** *<To one SCP-9993-A>* Don't worry, everything will be fine.

*<An implosion can be seen in the background, and an unidentified RCT-Δt is blown way by the blast. Viscera fills the air in the shape of a fractal for exactly 5.67 seconds and then they fade into light.>*

**Ag. Groundhog:** They'll be okay. Follow me!

*<Groundhog ducks into an open doorway, with Molinaro following closely behind.>*

**Ag. Wither:** No! Not that way!

*<A cybernetically augmented individual (later identified as an alternate timeline version of SCP-9993-A81) steps out of the door, wielding a thaumaturgically enhanced rapier.>*

**Ag. Groundhog:** Fu--

*<SCP-9993-A81 thrusts its blade into Ag. Groundhog's eye socket, impaling his head on the rapier. The weapons energy surge causes his cranium to violently combust, showering the area in gore. Agent. Wither fires at the entity's chest, but is unable to cause significant damage.>*

**Ag. Molinaro:** *Cazzo!*

**Ag. Wither:** Groundhog'll be fine! Shoot the cyborg!

*Both agents fire at the entity, staggering it. It collapses to it's knees and begins to vomit anomalously large quantities of water. This is accompanied by increasing numbers of live carp, which flap about on the ground surrounding the entity. Agent Withers presses ahead, approaching the hostile before placing his weapon against a weak point in its armor. The entity disintegrates into a mass of viscera, vaguely resembling clockwork structures.*

**Ag. Wither:** Let's go someplace else.

5- A variable amount of SCP-9993-A instances (currently 34) led by SCP-9993-A81 or SCP-9993-A62 attempt to take control of Outpost 137 and/or coerce other SCP-9993-A to fight with them.

**SCP-9993-A9:** Because I heard all that ruckus outside and I decided to stay inside. But then Father Narváez entered my house, without knocking or anything. He's supposedly a holy man, but that doesn't give him permission to enter into the house of an old widow unannounced. At least that's what I think. Regardless, he did a big proclamation about how he had received help from new friends, God-fearing and agreeable with him, who would help him and all of us escape from the devils that have us imprisoned. By which I guess he meant you. *<Long silence.>* I hit him in the head with a rolling pin.

6- Regardless of timeline, multiple SCP-9993-A are terminated by the actions of the dissident group or the hostile forces (currently 9). Several other SCP-9993-A (currently 17) are considered to be missing, primarily after being extracted by Causality *i* forces.

### **Record 2014/11/20 - ΩΣΠ**

#### Reconstructed from multiple DEEPWELL servers

---

11:22: In the outskirts of SCP-9993, three unidentified SCP-9993-A armed with pitchforks threaten another SCP-9993-A. One of them is markedly more reticent in their actions.

11:23: A Causality *i* paraterrorist comes running out of the town. They gesture at the group, who turns to look at them.

11:24: The four armed people discuss for a minute. Then, one of them punches the previously threatened SCP-9993-A while another takes their side.

11:25: The discussion intensifies before the Insurgent fatally shoots the threatened SCP-9993-A. As he falls, he's able to be identified as SCP-9993-A22, José Trueva. Another SCP-9993-A drops their pitchfork and cradles SCP-9993-A22

11:26: The Insurgent and the other two SCP-9993-A demanifest in a flash of light.

7- Following variable strategies (which change according to the RCT-Δt manuals for warfare for every given second), the hostile forces and Insurgents are repelled with minimal casualties amongst Foundation and allied forces.

Current plans cap off the length of ETE-9993-Ω at 18 minutes.

All inert remains of the ETE-9993-Ω have been placed in containment in Safe-Class Anomalous Item Storage silos in Site-137. Temporally active remains are continually being removed by RCT-Δt agents. A round of interviews with SCP-9993-A who sided with the attackers was scheduled.

### **Record 2014/11/20 - 10951**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A81 (Don Mariano de la Vega)

---

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Hello, Mariano, I hope you are well.

**SCP-9993-A81:** What is that?

**Dr. Orbach:** Not a what. A who. This is Dr. Ak.

**Dr. Ak:** SALUTATION.

**SCP-9993-A81:** What is he and why is he screaming?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** That's something related to a lesson in biology you refused to learn.

**Dr. Orbach:** All you need to know now is that he's seen the disaster you caused out there and he isn't happy.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** He ripped an arm off of a guy with his teeth an hour ago.

*<Silence on recording as SCP-9993-A81 slowly backs away into the wall of the room.>*

**Dr. Orbach:** Of course, we're not happy either. Dealing with terrorists is out of my pay grade, yet here we are. So, how about you tell us how and why you did what you did?

**SCP-9993-A81:** I... I wasn't...

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Did you think the Insurgency had your best interest in mind? We've seen what they've done to you. Or what they will do to you, I guess.

**Dr. Ak:** SPLIT. MULTIPLICATION. PROLIFERATION.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** I don't know how time works, but it seems like you are going to be sent here over and over again, fighting in this pointless war. You'll spend the rest of your life in those seventeen minutes.

*<Silence on recording.>*

**SCP-9993-A81:** They came to me and Narváez. They said you were the hand that strangles, that from your mouth only come lies.

**Dr. Orbach:** When did this happen?

**SCP-9993-A81:** I'm not sure.

**Dr. Ak:** ANACHRONISM.

**Dr. Orbach:** I don't know what that means, but I'll leave it to your expertise.

**Dr. Ak:** AGREEMENT.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** And what did you tell them?

**SCP-9993-A81:** We explained what you were doing to us. The imprisonment, the lies, everything.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Which were the lies?

*<SCP-9993-A81 spits on his direction.>*

**Dr. Ak:** OFFENSE.

**Dr. Orbach:** I would advice against doing that, Mariano. He will get angrier.

**SCP-9993-A81:** Your lies are the entire speech! Spain not being an empire, what you called "equality between genders and races", the chaos and the heresies and blasphemies of your day to day life! Every twisted thing that you maintain and...

**Dr. Orbach:** I see. And the Insurgency offered to give you freedom from these lies if you helped them.

**SCP-9993-A81:** Yes!

**Dr. Ak:** RIDICULOUSNESS.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** I agree.

**Dr. Orbach:** You've been used, Mariano. You've become a tool of a group driven by hate.

**SCP-9993-A81:** Nonsense!

**Dr. Orbach:** And you've hurt your own people too. José Trueva, your own neighbor, is dead. So is Manuela Gascón and Jorge Martinez. Others are badly hurt. We saw them do it. They are your true people, who looked at you as their figure of authority and you betrayed them. Are you happy?

**SCP-9993-A81:** They should have listened to me! They didn't believe enough, in me, in the priest, in God! They weren't ready! They...

**Dr. Bensaïd:** They're dead. You know? José looked up at you. Thought you were a role model, a worldly noble who knew the truths about many mysteries. He told me so himself. And they shot him in the head.

**SCP-9993-A81:** He was simple! He...

**Dr. Bensaïd:** We're done here.

### **Record 2014/11/20 - 10952**

#### Interview with SCP-9993-A62 (Father Narváez)

---

**Dr. Oliva:** Hello, Narváez.

**SCP-9993-A62:** It's Father Narváez to you.

**Ag. Molinaro:** Shut up.

**Dr. Oliva:** First of all, I'll have you know that Dr. Ak here can verify any information you say, immediately. *<Dr. Ak nods.>* So, first question: for how long have you been receiving information about the world outside of San Antonio?

**SCP-9993-A62:** Since the start.

**Dr. Oliva:** That's what you talk about in your sermons, then?

*<Silence on recording.>*

**Ag. Molinaro:** So, all the times when this guy talked about the fire and brimstone outside of here, he was talking about information received from the Insurgency?

**Dr. Oliva:** I would think it's a possibility.

**Dr. Ak:** AFFIRMATION.

**Dr. Oliva:** Do you have anything else to say?

**SCP-9993-A62:** Your present is corrupt.

*<Silence on recording.>*

**Dr. Ak:** CONTINUATION.

**Dr. Oliva:** Please carry on.

**SCP-9993-A62:** You have straddled the world with your blasphemous science. You've desecrated all that's holy and beautiful to build your roads and your machines. Your slabs of onyx say nothing but lies and slander and dull your senses to the true majesty of the Lord. The anathema has won and your world is close to ruination. Clearly we were sent here to stop it. We come from a past where all is right and true and holy! My friends on the outside saw this truth, and decided to help us achieve it!

**Ag. Molinaro:** That tracks, but...

**SCP-9993-A62:** We will defeat you, because we are righteous. You are nothing more than whores who have used the outpour from their slits to brainwash and supplant your men. You are weak. And we are strong!

**Dr. Oliva:** These interviews have been very unproductive. Do you think we've learned enough?

**Dr. Ak:** AFFIRMATION.

**Dr. Oliva:** Thank you.

An investigation realized by the RCT-Δt revealed that SCP-9993-A81 and SCP-9993-A75 had long been compromised by external agents and attempting to chronologically correct this would cause too much damage to the timeline. Thus, ETE-9993-Ω cannot be prevented, only mitigated through continuous warfare.

SCP-9993-A81 and SCP-9993-A62 were moved to Site-06. SCP-9993-A democratically elected a new priest, designated to be SCP-9993-A73.

---

**Addendum 9993-6:** Year of containment update.

To the attention of the O5 Council:

As a year of containment has elapsed, it is my belief that SCP-9993 has reached a point of nigh autonomy. The inhabitants have adapted in a satisfactory manner and it is no longer required to wear biohazard protection to interact with them.

RCT-ΔT's attempt at creating a honeypot for atemporal paraterrorists presented such success that the anomaly was almost terminated in the process. My advice, thus, is to reduce the TAD activity *in situ* and relegate them to a force to be called in times of emergency, for as long SCP-9993-1 remains active and still generating or attracting Extranormal Temporal Events.

All in all, I see a high likelihood of a reclassification to [Nexus](adjustment-period ) soon, if the Council so permits it.

Factotum Versailles

OVERWATCH COMMAND

---

**Addendum 9993-1:** Interactions with SCP-9993-A, end.

**Juan Ciervo:** Hello mister Bensaïd.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Hi Juan. How are you today?

**Juan Ciervo:** Good. Mama told me you were going to give me something new today.

**Dr. Bensaïd:** That's right. Here.

**Juan Ciervo:** What is this?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** It's called ice cream.

**Juan Ciervo:** Ice...? Like the ice from the winter when it's cold? What does it do?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Not much. It's food. You take this spoon, take a bit and put it in your mouth.

**Juan Ciervo:** Like this?

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Yup.

**Juan Ciervo:** Oh. Ooooh!

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Do you like it?

**Juan Ciervo:** Yes Mr. Bensaïd! It's very good!

**Dr. Bensaïd:** Absolutely. Off you go, you.

**Juan Ciervo:** Thank you Mr. Bensaïd! Thank you very much!

<< [SCP-9992](SCP-9992) | SCP-9993 | [SCP-9994](SCP-9994) >>

> **Filename:** lossy-page1-800px-ETH-BIB-Erosionslandschaft_mit_Bew%C3%A4sserungsanlagen_%28Los_Monegros%29_aus_3500_m_H%C3%B6he-Mittelmeerflug_1928-LBS_MH02-05-0075.tif.jpg

> **Author:** Walter Mittelholzer

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:ETH-BIB-Erosionslandschaft_mit_Bew%C3%A4sserungsanlagen_(Los_Monegros)_aus_3500_m_H%C3%B6he-Mittelmeerflug_1928-LBS_MH02-05-0075.tif

> **Filename:** Monegros_%2C_2019_febrero_21.jpg

> **Author:** 19tarrestnom65

> **License:** CC By SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Monegros_,_2019_febrero_21.jpg

> **Filename:** Monegros_%2C_2019_febrero_18.jpg

> **Author:** 19tarrestnom65

> **License:** CC By SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Monegros_,_2019_febrero_18.jpg

> **Filename:** Pueblo_Medieval_Encinasola.jpg

> **Author:** SAMFERFER

> **License:** CC By SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Pueblo_Medieval_Encinasola.jpg

> **Filename:** Sari%C3%B1ena-Cartuja_de_Monegros_14.JPG

> **Author:** Zarateman

> **License:** public domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sari%C3%B1ena-Cartuja_de_Monegros_14.JPG

> **Filename:** Sari%C3%B1ena-Cartuja_de_Monegros_04.JPG

> **Author:** Zarateman

> **License:** public domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sari%C3%B1ena-Cartuja_de_Monegros_04.JPG

> **Filename:** Fiona_Hyslop_MSP_and_a_Roman_%28Antonine_Guard_Living_History_Society%29_at_the_Roman_vs_Picts_5k_race%2C_Callendar_House.jpg

> **Author:** amaldon

> **License:** CC By SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Fiona_Hyslop_MSP_and_a_Roman_(Antonine_Guard_Living_History_Society)_at_the_Roman_vs_Picts_5k_race,_Callendar_House.jpg
