=====

=====

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Martian+Mono:wght@100..800&display=swap');

.tabQuote {

    padding: 0.5em 1.5em;

    margin: 0.5em;

    background-color: var(--darker-color);

    border: 3px solid var(--accent-color);

    border-top-left-radius: 20px;

    border-top-right-radius: 20px;

    border-bottom-left-radius: 10px;

    border-bottom-right-radius: 0px;

}

#page-content .blockquote.report {

    font-family: 'Martian Mono', monospace;

    border: 1px solid #6d6d77;

    border-radius: 10px;

    background: #e0e0e1;

    color: black;

    margin: 1em 0.5em;

    font-weight: 400;

}

.queerbox_large {

    border-radius: 20px;

    margin: 0.5em auto 1em auto;

    width:95%;

}

#page-content hr {

    margin: 1em 2em;

}

#page-content table.wiki-content-table {

    max-width: 80%;

}

/* Email Fixes */

.top-left-box > .from-box, .to-box, .cc-box, .subject-box {

    margin-right: 0em;

}

.header-box > .top-right-box {

    filter: invert(1);

}

.footer-box > .bottom-left-box {

    border-left: 2px solid var(--off-white);

}

.dyna-email {

    background-color: var(--darker-color);

}

.top-middle-box > .from-name-box, .to-name-box, .cc-text-box {

    margin-left: 0em;

}

.scp-image-block {

    border: solid 2px var(--subdued-accent-color);

}

.scp-image-caption {

    color: white;

}

.spacer hr {

    background-color: transparent !important;

}

/* Table Formatting for Mobile */

@media (max-width: 600px) {

    #page-content table.wiki-content-table tr :is(th,td) {

        display: block;

    }

}

---

**Item #:** SCP-9490

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9490 is currently contained within the town limits of Eris, Texas, Est. 1860, Pop. 504  through enforced economic and environmental factors. It is not currently believed to pose a threat to normalcy, and therefore, is unconcealed within Eris.

**Description:** SCP-9490 is a phenomenon affecting five students at Terrance Irvington High School. These individuals Hereafter SCP-9490-A through SCP-9490-E.  are visually indistinguishable from one another, despite sharing no familial relation. According to reports, SCP-9490 began during the middle of January, 2025; since that time, the five individuals have physically transformed.

The origin of this metamorphosis is currently under investigation -- a brief on each individual was prepared and is presented below:

| SCP-9490-A: Karey Thorn |
| --- |
| **Bio:** 17 year old female, academically gifted. One brother, younger, parents still married. Father is the local pastor, mother is a housewife. | **Identifying Trait:** Mole on left cheek. |
| SCP-9490-B: Raven Paterson |
| **Bio:** 16 year old female, athlete. Captain of Junior softball team, member of volleyball team. Lives alone with her mother (unmarried) | **Identifying Trait:** Scar above right eyebrow. |
| SCP-9490-C: Danielle Zhu |
| **Bio:** 18 year old female, musician. Lead pianist, member of Terrance Irvington Orchestra. Parents travel for work, supervised by older brother. | **Identifying Trait:** Long black hair. |
| SCP-9490-D: Emma Middleton |
| **Bio:** 16 year old female, average student. Parents unknown, family unknown. Digital history minimal, with accounts created in November, 2024 | **Identifying Trait:** **Unknown.** |
| SCP-9490-E: Rachel Fenton |
| **Bio:** 17 year old female, artist. Three brothers, two sisters, lives on a farm. Father is the town sheriff, mother is a housemaker. History of self-harm. | **Identifying Trait:** Prominent 'Cupid's Bow'. |
Initial information on the five instances was gathered via social media investigations -- research found that all five instances were close friends. No clues were found regarding the anomaly, prompting a direct investigation. On April 12th, 2025, a team of researchers was dispatched under the guise of a 'personal road trip', with the group's vehicle rigged to fail.

On the night before arriving in Eris, Texas, Researcher Stern discovered an unexplained anomalous event within the Foundation archives with many similarities; identifying connections between this event and SCP-9490 was made into a top priority accordingly.

**AO-TX0909-5 Incident Report:**

---

In September, 2009, Foundation agents intercepted a series of 911 calls, placed by residents of Lubbock, Texas. Callers voiced concerns of potential cult activity in a nearby recreation center, and claimed to have seen individuals being tortured or kept against their will. A missing persons report was issued for one such individual, but they were never properly identified.

Upon further review of local PD records, surveillance photographs showed five individuals who appeared to be visually identical; facial recognition found no matches to known persons. Foundation records similarly found no connections to living or deceased persons.

Background Akiva Radiation readings captured at the alleged location were ~80AKV, indicating that the group was likely an anomalous religious cult. The practices of this organization, and the causes behind this transformation have not yet been determined. 

---

**Addendum 1:** Initial Research Logs

Upon arrival, the team immediately began researching SCP-9490 and any potential connections to an anomalo-religious organization. The following was captured by Dr. Culver's ambient personal recorder, during their first night in the Fenton homestead.

**SCP-9490 Interim Log 1**

**Location:** Fenton Farm Homestead

---

**Dr. Culver:** Thank you again for giving us a place to stay, I--

**Mrs. Fenton:** Never you mind that, we have plenty of space now that Thomas is off to college.

**Technician Burg:** Well, you have a lovely home.

<*The Fentons laugh.*>

**Mrs. Fenton:** Ain't you a peach? <*She turns to Dr. Culver.*> Now remind me, y'all are professional bird watchers?

**Dr. Culver:** That's right. <*She glares at Technician Burg.*> We were looking for Prairie Chickens when our car broke down. You haven't happened to see any, have you?

**Mrs. Fenton:** We have plenty of chickens on the farm!

<*Mrs. Fenton laughs, while Dr. Culver and Technician Burg politely smile. SCP-9490-E walks into the room.*>

**SCP-9490-E:** Mama, what's so fu-- Oh, hello.

**Mrs. Fenton:** Rachel, we have guests. <*She turns to Dr. Culver.*> Miss... I'm sorry, I don't think I got your name?

**Dr. Culver:** Sarah. That's Yuli. The other woman Evana is just in our room.

**Mrs. Fenton:** Sarah, Yuli, this is my daughter, Rachel. Ain't she the prettiest girl in the whole grade?

**SCP-9490-E:** Mama, stop!

**Dr. Culver:** Takes after her mother, right?

**Mrs. Fenton:** Oh, you're delightful! <*Laughs.*> Are you done with your homework already?

**SCP-9490-E:** Yeah. I was just coming in here to make some cupcakes for the picnic tomorrow, but since--

**Mrs. Fenton:** Oh, I'm sure our guests won't mind, now do ya?

**Dr. Culver:** Please! We don't want to intrude any more than we already hav--

**Mrs. Fenton:** Nonsense! That's just what being a good Christian is all about. But, if you'll excuse me, I have to take the sheets off the line before the storms roll in.

<*Mrs. Fenton leaves. SCP-9490-E looks at Dr. Culver and Technician Burg hesitantly.*>

**SCP-9490-E:** I... Ex... Excuse me, Miss Sarah?

**Dr. Culver:** Just call me Sarah. What is it?

**SCP-9490-E:** Well, Miss Sarah, I was wondering if you wanna make cupcakes with me? It's an old family recipe, and its always more fun to bake with friends. <*She pauses, blushing.*> But of course, you're probably too busy, you know, with your whole bird thing and whatnot, but--

**Dr. Culver:** You were listening, weren't you?

**SCP-9490-E:** Please don't tell my mama, I'm not supposed to--

**Dr. Culver:** Your secret is safe with me, but... well, if it's a family recipe, that doesn't seem fair to just let me learn it for nothing! What if we made a deal instead?

**SCP-9490-E:** A deal? Like what?

**Dr. Culver:** You teach me the recipe, I'll be your sous-chef, and then tomorrow -- I'll spend the entire day with you, teaching you all about finding rare birds. Sound fair?

**SCP-9490-E:** That would be delightful! Y'all could even join me for the picnic with my friends, just... You know what? Don't worry about it. I'll be right back and then we can start!

<*SCP-9490-E leaves.*>

**Technician Burg:** You'll teach her about birds, huh?

**Dr. Culver:** You know what, Yuli? Shut up. <*She pauses.*> I'll do some more research tonight. But, for now? I'm going to try and do my job. Don't you have somewhere else to be?

**Dr. Culver -- Log 1**

**Date:** 04/13/2025

---

Our vehicle broke down as expected, and Sherriff Fenton kindly invited us to stay with his family while the car is being worked on ~~ thank god for southern hospitality. The Foundation assured me that they will be unable to fix the vehicle until we are ready to leave ~~ and I am sure that will be true.

I spent time with SCP-9490-E today, she taught me her family recipe. A lot of trust in a stranger, but she's a sweetheart. I wouldn't have known there was an anomaly here if I hadn't found recent photos of her -- she looks nothing like she used to. I kept seeing her catch a glimpse of herself in the mirror, smiling.

Why is she so okay with this? 

It's weird, though. She still looks like a normal teenage girl. A mole, a scar, vaguely tanned and otherwise non-descript. She blends into the background perfectly -- maybe that's why the town hasn't said anything about it? Or do they just not care?

Tomorrow, SCP-9490-E is having her friends over -- Researcher Stern and I plan to spend our day with them, as they 'show us around Eris'. As promised, I have looked up some more facts about local birds that should keep my end of the bargain. It's only fair.

Our equipment has been set up in our room and has already started to take readings. Ambient Akiva radiation levels are in the range of 25-30 at the Fenton farm; Technician Burg plans to further calibrate the Akiva counters, to try and identify the potential source.

Tonight, when I was heading to our room, I overheard SCP-9490-E praying in her room. She was sitting in front of her vanity, with a candle between herself and the mirror -- while peeking in, I managed to catch a little before she finished.

= *'--flection of a reflection is the original. The original asks the reflection for benediction; the shimmering face is still. The flame flickers, but the soul stagnates, forgotten. I give myself to the eternal observation of the divine.'*

Did they pray for this? Were these desperate cries intentionally answered by a sapient being? Was this all just chaos, entropy, an accident? Is there an answer?

The Akiva counter captured a single spike in ambient radiation during the night, but no other anomalies were noted.

**SCP-9490 Interview Log A**

**Location:** Fenton Farm Orchard, Eris, Texas

---

<*SCP-9490-A through -E are gathered around a picnic blanket, under the shade of an apple tree. Researchers Culver and Stern sit beside them, as the wind blows. The instances are all visually identical, only distinguished by their clothing and voices.*>

**Dr. Culver:** It's nice to meet all of you! Can I just say -- you are all gorgeous.

**SCP-9490-D:** What? No, we're not. You're too sweet.

**Dr. Culver:** No, really! I remember, I used to look like a troll in high school, wearing my hoodie everywhere. I wish I could have looked more like you five, genuinely.

<*Silence. The instances look around between each other, suspicious. SCP-9490-B looks as if she may speak, but a glare from SCP-9490-A quiets her.*>

**Researcher Stern:** Seriously, you all should have seen her last night. Sarah spent an hour in front of the mirror last night just fidgeting with her appearance!

<*Researcher Stern laughs warmly, and the five instances join in. Dr. Culver's eye twitches, but she gives an artificial smile.*>

**Researcher Stern:** Obviously, you have to tell us what your secret is -- drop the skincare routine girls! I swear, I moisturize every night, but you all glow!

**SCP-9490-C:** I'm not really... <*Laughs awkwardly.*> Y'all're wondering why we all look like each other, right?

<*Researchers Stern and Culver share a look, nodding.*>

**Dr. Culver:** We didn't want to intrude, but--

**SCP-9490-E:** Truth is, we don't know.

**SCP-9490-A:** One day, we all woke up, and noticed something was different.

**Dr. Culver:** I feel like I go through that every day. This morning, I woke up and realized the bags under my eyes were even worse than usual. <*She snorts.*> How did you know it was *different* different? Was it some immediate instinct or--

**SCP-9490-B:** It wasn't immediate. In fact, I barely realized anything was going on; I'm the same as you. I thought I was just having an off day. Or that Emma had done something different with her hair. Raven said she was trying out a new foundation, right? We just kept finding excuses. <*She giggles.*> It was nice, you know? We were finally able to share makeup between all of us.

**Researcher Stern:** I'm sorry, I'm just trying to understand-- you all know that you look the same, right?

<*The instances nod.*>

**Researcher Stern:** And you have... no idea what happened?

**SCP-9490-A:** No clue. My father said that we have been visited by the grace of God, and we should be thankful. Genesis 1:27 states that 'God created mankind in his own image'. Powerful shit, right? And yet, we all claim independence, bodily autonomy, the freedom to shape ourselves as we desire... That doesn't make any sense though, does it?

<*The instances nod in unison.*>

**SCP-9490-A:** How can God take on so many forms, and have us all look exactly like him? <*She smiles, as a tear wells in her eye.*> But we were visited, blessed by a divine transformation. We are all now the vision of God, exact reflections of the divine. Isn't that incredible?

**Dr. Culver:** Visited? Did you see--

**SCP-9490-A:** Don't be silly, that's not how our Lord works. I just *know* that it must be true, and so do the other girls. Look at us, don't you think we're beautiful?

<*SCP-9490-D looks away, while the remaining instances beam, grinning widely.*>

---

**Note:** *SCP-9490-A is clearly the leader of their group, given how much the others all look to her. SCP-9490-D seems the least convinced, probably our best bet for the truth. Tomorrow, Stern will be applying pressure on her, while I make contact with Pastor Thorn to see how much of this is his teachings, and how much is just SCP-9490-A's personal religious fervor.*

*This research is consuming me ~~ last night, I dreamt of their faces as I slept. There was an empty containment chamber, a empty podium, and that face; huge, hanging from the wall. It watched me. It saw me. It knew me. I saw the face slowly begin to smile, dimples flashing back at me, like it knew a secret I didn't. It spoke to me, but when I woke, I couldn't remember a word. ~~ Dr. Culver*

**Akiva Radiation Report -- Technician Burg**

---

The Akiva Radiation levels in Eris, Texas, are unusually high. The town doesn't appear to have any greater levels of religious worship than any other small Texan town, but the background radiation is universally higher. I've attempted to compare the signature of Eris to that of the former incident, but I'm having trouble identifying the exact details.

For now, at least, I managed to capture readings of each SCP-9490 instance on their way out. The relative levels are below:

* **SCP-9490-A:** 50AKV

* **SCP-9490-B:** 30AKV

* **SCP-9490-C:** 130AKV

* **SCP-9490-D:** 250AKV

* **SCP-9490-E:** 62AKV 

That would [make SCP-9490-D a deity](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/akiva-counter-operating-instructions#akiva-individuals); I've informed Researcher Stern to be cautious accordingly.

---

**Addendum 2:** Investigation into Potential Divine Intervention

Given the relative Akiva readings, and their lack of digital history, SCP-9490-D was identified as the most likely source of the anomaly. As they had also been identified as the weakest link in the group, Researcher Stern began further interrogation.

**SCP-9490 Interview Log B**

**Location:** Terrance Irvington High School Library

---

<*SCP-9490-D sits in the library, studying. Researcher Stern approaches them.*>

**Researcher Stern:** Can I sit?

<*SCP-9490-D appears flustered, flipping their phone screen face down. They blush, scrunching their nose as they pick at their mole.*>

**SCP-9490-D:** Su-- Sure. Where's your friend?

**Researcher Stern:** Sarah? <*She laughs.*> She's been busy with her 'absolute double cleansing'. Some new skincare routine I guess? I... Yeah, I don't get it.

**SCP-9490-D:** Mmm, yeah. <*SCP-9490-D is focused on her textbook.*>

**Researcher Stern:** What are you studying for?

**SCP-9490-D:** Philosophy. There's a test on Thursday.

**Researcher Stern:** You have a philosophy class here? That's awesome, I never had anything interesting like that.

<*Awkward silence.*>

**Researcher Stern:** So, do you like--

**SCP-9490-D:** This is really awkward.

<*Researcher Stern laughs, as SCP-9490-D gently smiles.*>

**Researcher Stern:** You're right, I'm sorry. I haven't been a teenager for a long time, I think I forgot just how painful it was when an adult tried to 'connect' with me.

**SCP-9490-D:** It's fine, I like that you're at least talking to me like a person.

**Researcher Stern:** You don't get that from a lot of adults here?

**SCP-9490-D:** As if.

<*SCP-9490-D scoffs. The librarian in the distance coughs, a silence filling the room as the sole sound echoes.*>

**SCP-9490-D:** I'm sorry, you don't need to hear about my problems.

**Researcher Stern:** Problems? You seemed to be doing alright yesterday ~~ or at least, the other girls seemed to say so. Is there something that they don't want you to~~

**SCP-9490-D:** No! No, no, nothing like that. They would never, they just worry about me. <*She smiles.*> They've been with me through some of the worst moments of my life, walking beside me the entire time. They've all done so much to help me just... be myself, you know?

**Researcher Stern:** It's a good thing you have them, this seems like a lot to have to deal with on your own. <*A beat.*> What do your parents think about this?

**SCP-9490-D:** They're... They're confused. Scared. Like... genuinely uncomfortable, you know? It happened once before, last winter but... this time was worse. They left town to go stay with my grandmother, and left me here to... to figure things out.

**Researcher Stern:** I'm so sorry.

**SCP-9490-D:** No, it's really okay! Things have been weird, so I asked to stay behind, I didn't want to have to deal with changing schools, you know? It was hard enough to make friends the first time, and I just finished explaining my whole deal to everybody. I don't want to go through that again. I... I just want to be treated like a normal girl.

<*Researcher Stern looks around -- the library is still empty.*>

**Researcher Stern:** How are you actually doing? Like... I can't imagine what you must be going through, puberty was bad enough for me. How are you still focused on school when... you know, your face is...

**SCP-9490-D:** I... does it really matter? I know that things are different, but... honestly? I *finally* feel like the girl in the mirror looking back at me. Y'all can't understand how beautiful this makes me feel.

<*SCP-9490-D blushes, looking down at her feet.*>

**Researcher Stern:** Beautiful?

<*SCP-9490-D brushes a strand of hair behind her ear, looking up at Researcher Stern.*>

**SCP-9490-D:** All my life, I've hated my body. Hated my face. Hated every glimpse I'd catch in the mirror, sick of what my body was becoming; I started to look like my father. I hated it.

**Researcher Stern:** What changed?

**SCP-9490-D:** I don't really know. I've always thought the other girls were prettier than me, and then one day... one day we were just as pretty as each other. No more jealousy, I didn't need to be envious of Karey, or Raven, I could just be myself.

**Researcher Stern:** You still feel like yourself?

**SCP-9490-D:** It's fu-- It's messed up, right? <*She laughs.*> I look nothing like I used to, but now... now look at me. I'm perfect. This is... this is what I was always meant to become. It feels like that sometimes, you know? The small voice inside of me that said I could become whatever I wanted was right; I don't know how it happened, but now we're all exactly who we wanted to be, together.

**Researcher Stern:** Can I ask you a bit of a non-sequitur?

**SCP-9490-D:** Sure.

**Researcher Stern:** Do you believe in God?

<*SCP-9490-D frowns.*>

**SCP-9490-D:** God?

**Researcher Stern:** You know, some divine force, a higher power in this life? It doesn't have to be *the* God, but--

**SCP-9490-D:** I... I used to. I really, really did. <*She sighs.*> I know that Karey said this is a gift from God, but... I think Nietzsche might have been right, about God being dead. Maybe things just happen to people, you know? And we have to create our own reasons.

**Researcher Stern:** I see you've been studying for that test. Should I leave you to it?

**SCP-9490-D:** Yes, please.

<*Researcher Stern departs, watching SCP-9490-D from afar for the next half hour. SCP-9490-D is seen crying, attempting to pray, and laughing. Akiva radiation readings taken by Researcher Stern at the time detected 4AKV. The cause of this departure from previous readings is unknown.*>

---

**Note:** *I think I've figured out why we found out so little about SCP-9490-D ~~ if I'm right, it's none of the Foundation's business. She's not a God, she's just a girl. A scared, anxious girl, doing her best to figure things out. I'm unsure if any of the girls know what's going on~~ maybe their parents know more than they're letting on? -- Researcher Stern*

**SCP-9490 Potential Divine Myth**

Upon contacting Pastor Thorn and informing him I was curious and wanted to learn more about his daughter's condition, I was summarily ignored. 

My calls were screened and the one time I managed to see him in person, he nearly blew a gasket before having me escorted out of the church. Following three more days of attempted contact, Pastor Thorn sent the following note.

---

You are an outsider, and we cannot trust you. I say this up front, and honestly, in the hopes that this will dissuade you from looking into my daughter any further.

Somehow, I doubt this will do anything; I know the look on your face all too well. Therefore, I write you with a compromise. I will not answer any questions, nor will you have access to my family; however, I will tell you of the events leading to God gracing us with their presence.  You must understand, while I only have a single daughter, they are each my Daughter.

They may not be blood, but these girls are each Daughters of Eris. We take care of our own.

You see, there is a legend about our town that I think you should know. Eris was founded during a snowstorm nearly a century ago, during an unseasonable summer. Eris' founder, Eveline Irvington, was a woman of faith who had lost her way. Carrying a child borne out of wedlock, she wandered the Texan expanse, looking for salvation.

That savior came in the form of a glowing figure, ascending from the earth and stopping the storm in its tracks. It was ethereal, she would say, a shimmering figure who never settled on a given visage; a mirage and a martyr, alone together in Eris. When Eveline finally gave birth, her daughter was the most beautiful girl in all of Texas, or so they say. Divine radiance, a holy spirit in the body of a baby girl.

I know not what power has taken hold of our daughters, but my faith in the Lord tells me that this is part of His plan. They hold the power of Eris, and I know that my prayers have been answered; the mirage will protect our Daughters, just as it always has.

Dr. Culver, in an attempt to better integrate with the community, had travelled to the town bakery-*cum*-café, under the cover of utilizing the free Wi-Fi. While there, Dr. Culver was approached by Andrea Paterson, the mother of SCP-9490-B.

**SCP-9490 Interim Log 2**

**Location:** Eris Bakery and Café

---

**Ms. Paterson:** Excuse me, but you're the woman staying at the Fenton farm, right?

**Dr. Culver:** I am. Can I help you?

**Ms. Paterson:** Oh, my daughter was just gushin' about you and your friends, and I just wanted to-- <*She looks around, hesitating.*> May I?

**Dr. Culver:** Yes! Please, sit. How can I help you?

<*Ms. Paterson sits, crossing her hands over her knees. She fidgets with the hem of her skirt, watching the bakery worker at the register. A moment later, the worker goes into the back.*>

**Ms. Paterson:** I... Y'all aren't bird watchers, right?

**Dr. Culver:** I don't think I--

**Ms. Paterson:** None of y'all have had a single pair of binoculars. <*She laughs.*> It's alright, I know about magic and all that. You're one of those people who shows up right after things go wrong, making people disappear and all that? I seen it happen, time after time.

<*Dr. Culver pauses.*>

**Ms. Paterson:** You don't have to say anything, I know that you probably have to keep your secrets, but -- please, I need your help. I don't know what to do.

<*Dr. Culver puts her hand on top of Ms. Paterson's, which had began to shake.*>

**Dr. Culver:** Can you tell me what's going on?

<*Ms. Paterson swallows, hesitating. Noises of machinery can be heard in the back of the shop.*>

**Ms. Paterson:** It's all my fault, I don't know what went wrong. It wasn't supposed to--

**Dr. Culver:** Why don't we start at the beginning?

**Ms. Paterson:** Right. <*She swallows.*> I haven't always lived in Eris, I moved here sixteen years ago. Before that I... I was part of a cult that worshipped... somethin'. Someone. They did magic-- I mean *real* magic, rituals, blood sacrifice and whatnot. When I was younger, I had ran away from home. They took me in, taught me how to fend for myself, learned a spell or two as a member... but the longer I stayed, the weirder they got.

**Dr. Culver:** How so? Do you remember the name of the--

**Ms. Paterson:** 'The Ones Who Tip The Scales'. <*She shivers.*> I haven't said that name aloud in years. It dredges up the worst memories...

**Dr. Culver:** I'm so sorry, but...

**Ms. Paterson:** Right, let me continue. <*She takes a deep breath, steadying herself.*> When I first joined, they let me see a couple of ceremonies. Simple things, glamor magic, fertility rites, the kinds of things that helped out the community and didn't hurt a fly. The longer I stayed there... have you ever seen what somebody looks like after a month of torture?

**Dr. Culver:** They were torturing people?

**Ms. Paterson:** Members of the cult. Claimed it was for their own good too!

**Dr. Culver:** What?

**Ms. Paterson:** Well, they believed that everything that happened in the universe was a bit like putting a weight onto a scale. Good things happen, and your good scale gets heavier; bad things happen, bad gets heavier. They said that when you die, you ain't judged by how good you were -- see, they said that God didn't want you to have it too good in life, otherwise you wouldn't know what it was like to suffer and all.

**Dr. Culver:** So they preached suffering, intentionally?

**Ms. Paterson:** Mhm. And if you weren't willin' to do it yourself... well they certainly didn't mind giving you a hand. If you wanted to have a good life...

<*There is a moment of silence.*>

**Dr. Culver:** Why did you leave?

**Ms. Paterson:** I was pregnant. <*She bites her lip, drawing blood.*> I had it bad, but... can you imagine what they would do to a baby? I didn't want that life for my child, so... one night, in the middle of a big ritual, I faked an illness and I ran. First on foot, then hitchhiking until I ended up here, in Eris. I was planning on leaving when Pastor Thorn saw me, took me into the church, and helped me restart my life.

**Dr. Culver:** I'm... I'm glad you made it out. <*She pauses.*> So why do you need help, now? What changed?

**Ms. Paterson:** Raven did, bless her heart. She, well.. she grew up. She's on all sorts of teams at school, even made captain of her softball team! <*She frowns.*> Her team had *finally* made it to regionals, and... well, they were supposed to go up to Lubbock and compete.

**Dr. Culver:** Isn't that a good thing?

**Ms. Paterson:** I'm happy for her, believe me, it's just... when I ran away from home and joined the cult, I was right about her age. She looks exactly like I used to, a scared but scrappy teenager, and...

**Dr. Culver:** Is that where--

**Ms. Paterson:** Yes. I was terrified that they would see her, and realize she was my daughter; right before I left, they said my child was destined to be the vessel of our God of Scales, that it was her holy birthright... You have to understand, I couldn't let them take my daughter. I couldn't let it happen.

**Dr. Culver:** So you cast a spell?

<*Ms. Paterson nods, looking down.*>

**Ms. Paterson:** It was a simple ritual, one I knew I remembered right; glamor magic was always where I excelled, and it was never meant to get out of hand, but...

**Dr. Culver:** If you want my help, Ms. Paterson, I need to know what you did.

**Ms. Paterson:** It was just supposed to disguise her! Make her blend into the crowd, you know? Help her look like the other girls she hangs out with. <*She frowns, fighting back tears.*> On that night, I had the casting mirror, candles lit, and had just finished my meditation. I remembered what it used to feel like, back then, and pulled on the power deep within me. Our spells, well, they were always equal: for this gift, I knew I would have to pay a price.

**Dr. Culver:** Which was?

**Ms. Paterson:** I don't know. Whatever I gave up... it's gone. At first, the spell was subtle, changing only her face, but... then it just didn't stop. One girl, then two, then all five of them; Raven and her friends all started to look the same, and nobody raised a fuss. The church even called it a 'blessing', some holy sign; but I was terrified. Please, you have to help me stop this, help me bring my daughter back. I... <*She begins to cry.*> I just couldn't let her go through what I had, you have to understand!

**Dr. Culver:** I... I can't say I understand, but I will help your daughter. I'll make this right. <*She stands, closing her laptop and sliding it into her bag. Ms. Paterson continues to cry.*> Thank you for telling me about the cult, I'll reach out if I have any other questions.

---

**Note:** *Lubbock. Finally, we have a direct connection between SCP-9490 and the previous event~~ But it only raises more questions. Why would the cult report her as a missing person when they knew it would get the cops involved? And just whom did she escape? ~~ Dr. Culver*

---

**Addendum 3:** 'The Ones Who Tip The Scales'

Following discovery of the thaumic ritual that incited SCP-9490, Dr. Culver consulted Foundation archival records for mentions of 'The Ones Who Tip The Scales', flagged as being tied to Lubbock, Texas, or having theological connections. Through this search, AO-TX0909-5 was confirmed as being connected to the group in question; the anomalous cult had been independently identified by the Foundation in 1973, and deemed a minor threat to the Veil at the time.

**Minor GOI Profile: "The Ones Who Tip The Scales"**

**Location:** Lubbock, Texas

**Size:** ~30 Members

**Focus:** Thaumic rituals, balance

---

**Summary:** "The Ones Who Tip The Scales" are a minor religious cult that worships a local Pagan deity without a name. Founded in the late 1800s, the cult believes in a cosmic balance to all things. They operate with a minimal hierarchal structure, led by the 'Arbiter of the Scales'.

The rituals performed by the group have minimal impact to the Veil, being predominantly minor and self-serving. The group seems to have no desire to grow exponentially, nor to affect the fabric of reality with their casting. Instead, they seek to find perfect balance within their own lives; a divine path, in honor of their patron deity.

The cult believes in the following core teachings:

* The Garden of Eden is an oasis within the High Plains of Texas, where the divine being first visited the cult's founder;

* You must strive to balance all aspects of your life. Only those who are in perfect equilibrium will be allowed into God's kingdom;

* Balance and equality are holy mandates, and it is their divine duty to enforce these forces externally;

* For all wants, there are needs. For all rewards, there is a price;

* The divinity they worship has a destined vessel, who will return balance to the world. This is their final goal, called '*The Blending of Eternal Opposites*'.

---

**Ritualistic Practices:** "The Ones Who Tip The Scales" are capable of low-level thaumaturgy, most often ritualistic in nature. These rituals are often cast in a group, with each member commanding only a minimal control over the divine force. Their rituals follow a standard procedure, based on Foundation intelligence.

**The Initiation:** The spellcasters must mediate, calling upon their patron deity. Through collective, focused thought, the divine aspect is summoned to our plane of existence. Once the primary caster is in the "center of the Goddesses' eye", they become suffused with Akiva radiation on a level equivalent to an average demigod. This power allows the rituals to take effect.

**The Sacrifice:** The primary caster, now infused with divine power, presents the target of their ritual with a 'gift'. This gift can take many forms, but is always of significance to the primary caster; the gifts range from tangible goods, knowledge, secrets, or aspects of the individual themselves. A 'price' is paid by the caster, causing the ritual to enter what they refer to as an 'unbalanced' state. The gift *must* be accepted for the ritual to continue.

**The Equivalency:** The recipient of the 'gift', the target of the ritual, must give something to the primary individual in return. This must be freely given, perceived as equivalent by all participants, and must establish a deeper bond between the participant and recipient. The act of giving a gift in turn causes the ritual to return to a 'balanced' state,  channeling the divine power into the spell.

**The Banishing:** Following completion of the spell, the ritual must be closed by both the primary caster, and the recipient. This is done in unison, severing the connection between the deity and this plane; the divine force is banished from the primary caster, and the candles are extinguished. The effects of the ritual or spell will have already began, but will not be impeded by the banishing.

All rituals performed by the group follow all four stages exactly; there have been no recorded divergences to date.

---

**Addendum 4:** SCP-9490's Development

On April 16th, 2025, Dr. Culver contacted the Foundation with an emergency request for assistance: SCP-9490, previously limited to the five instances, had changed.

SCP-9490 is no longer a standalone phenomenon, but has continued to spread throughout the community of Eris, Texas. From the original five instances, the anomaly has spread to thirty students at Terrance Irvington High, each changing appearance to be identical to one another. We've seen traits that we can link to student's former appearances, but there are still a number of physical aspects that remain unlinked.

As a result of the spread, the distinctive features of SCP-9490-A through -E are no longer as distinguishable amidst their current appearance; this appears to change as more individuals are impacted by the phenomenon.

In terms of *why* this is happening and still spreading, I have a theory that explains not only the varying Akiva radiation readings, but the method of infection shown by SCP-9490. It is my belief that a ritual was cast by Ms. Paterson, in accordance with the practices of 'The Ones Who Tip The Scales' -- however, I believe this ritual was not completed properly.

It is my theory that Ms. Paterson performed the first three steps of the ritual, but omitted the final step. The divinity worshiped by the cult is no longer in her, however, seeming to have jumped from host to host.

I believe that the instances are unwittingly fulfilling the requirements of the ritualistic practices, inadvertently spreading SCP-9490's influence through social bonds. This would explain why SCP-9490 was initially limited to a single friend group; however, at the current rate of spread, SCP-9490 will soon affect the entire population of Eris, threatening containment and the Veil.

The worst part of all of this is that the community is unbothered by the changes. They worship the afflicted, the new found 'beauty' of each instance making the collective group less and less recognizable as human. They compliment each other, mention how much you 'look like everybody else', smiling all the while. The people of Eris, Texas, are happy this is happening, and I can tell this is going to get out of hand, fast.

I need additional support, especially experts who can assist in reversing the ritual and banishing the divinity from the current host: Raven Paterson, SCP-9490-B. That may sound extreme, but -- I will admit, I have developed some sympathy for the original five instances. Sometimes I feel like I know exactly what they're going through. We just need more support, before things get even worse.

For all of us.

Following internal discussions and votes, Eris, Texas, was placed under immediate quarantine, until such a time when the spread of SCP-9490 could be stopped. To protect further agents, no additional Foundation staff were to enter Eris, and all currently assigned individuals were instructed to continue their assignments, indefinitely.

On April 17th, 2025, the following conversation was captured between Dr. Culver and Researcher Stern:

**SCP-9490 Interim Log 3**

**Location:** Fenton Farm Homestead, Guest Bedroom

---

**Researcher Stern:** Any news from command?

**Dr. Culver:** Radio silence. I picked up radio chatter last night, I think there's something going on that they won't tell us about yet. An MTF shouldn't be in the area without making contact with us...

**Researcher Stern:** You don't think...

**Dr. Culver:** No. They're just getting in place, I'm sure of it. <*She scratches at her face.*> God, these pillows are the worst. I think I'm developing a rash.

<*Researcher Stern pauses, watching Dr. Culver with trepidation.*>

**Dr. Culver:** What? You disagree? Don't tell me you *like* these pillows, Evana--

**Researcher Stern:** It's not about the pillows, Sarah. <*They sit on the edge of the bed, frowning.*> We need to talk. I... I'm not trying to accuse you of anythi--

**Dr. Culver:** What? What are you talking about? <*She laughs uncomfortably.*> Seriously, what's going on?

**Researcher Stern:** You... you have a mole where you were scratching, on your left cheek.

**Dr. Culver:** What? No I don't! <*She rifles through a nearby vanity, searching for a hand mirror.*> I think I would know if I--

**Researcher Stern:** I think you participated in the ritual, at some point. I think... Sarah, I think you're an instance of SCP-9490.

**Dr. Culver:** What? That's impossible, I would never--

**Researcher Stern:** Yuli had been talking with me about this in secret, but... at first, we thought that our counter was busted, you know? We didn't want to bother you with it, it seemed so minor.

**Dr. Culver:** What did? Evana, just tell me what's going on here, that's an orde--

**Researcher Stern:** The first night we got here, your Akiva radiation spiked. Burg thought that something went wrong, since... well, you were registering as emitting 240AKV. It didn't make any sense, unless...

**Dr. Culver:** We both understand what that means. <*She blinks emptily.*> You've known this entire time?

**Researcher Stern:** Not the entire time. I started getting worried when you became hyperfixated on your appearance. I didn't have much to go on, but... you have very distinct dimples when you smile, you always have. Did you know that? I've always been envious of your appearance, you have this subtle beauty whenever you think nobody is watching--

**Dr. Culver:** Evana, stop beating around the bush.

**Researcher Stern:** Fine. I wasn't suspicious until I saw those dimples when SCP-9490-E smiled. You've been compromised.

<*Dr. Culver finally locates a hand mirror. She holds it before her face, looking into it. She does not respond for a significant time period.*>

**Dr. Culver:** You... we have to find a way to fix this, we have to--

**Researcher Stern:** I'm afraid Burg and I need to work without you.

**Dr. Culver:** It's not a fucking virus. Plus, you need my experti--

**Researcher Stern:** Command agrees, the risk of the anomaly spreading through you is too high. You've already displayed signs of compulsion, not to mention that the requirements of the ritual are so vague that even you helping draft a proposal could be seen as fulfilling the spell. Until we have this divinity restricted and banished from Eris, we just can't--

**Dr. Culver:** You've been talking to them behind my back? You don't even trust my fucking thoughts?

<*Dr. Culver slams the hand mirror into the vanity, glass shattering everywhere. The noise echoes, before an awkward silence descends on the two.*>

**Researcher Stern:** I'm sorry, Sarah. I truly am. <*She shakes her head, standing.*> I'm going to help you, I promise. Just... just hold on, okay?

Over the following weeks, Lead Researcher Stern and Technician Burg would attempt to further analyze the phenomenon, identifying further vectors of infection while attempting to slow or reverse the spread of SCP-9490. During this time, Dr. Culver would continue to submit logs and reports to the Foundation, despite their formal suspension. A timeline is presented below, with notable efforts and their results noted.

**SCP-9490 Containment Timeline**

**Date:** April 17th, 2025

**SCP-9490's Impact:** 36 Instances

**Status Report:** SCP-9490 has continued to gradually spread, but other than Culver, has been restricted to the student body at Terrance Irvington High.

**Proposed Solution:** Through compulsion rituals, the town council has been influenced to initiate a nightly curfew for all residents of Eris, Texas. This is intended to prevent further spread by limiting social situations for the current set of instances.

**Results:** Curfew was implemented, to minimal public outcry.

**Date:** April 20th, 2025

**SCP-9490's Impact:** 51 Instances

**Status Report:** Terrance Irvington High hosted an intramural football game; despite the curfew, the entire student body was in attendance. This lead to a massive influx of SCP-9490 instances. Walter Allen, the quarterback, was identified as the primary source of SCP-9490's spread, as all teammates who had received a throw by him exhibited heightened Akiva radiation levels.

**Proposed Solution:** The curfew appears to have had minimal impact -- Foundation agents located outside of the Eris city limits are to engage in a sealing ritual, restricting the divine power to the quarantined zone.

**Results:** Success. Ritual took effect, restricting divine energy and influences to the town, while preventing external sources from interceding.

**SCP-9490 Auxiliary Recording A**

**Location:** Terrance Irvington High School Football Field

---

**Dr. Culver:** Girls?

**SCP-9490-A:** I'm sorry, do we know you?

**Dr. Culver:** It's me, Sarah. <*She pauses.*> I mean, it used to be me, Sarah. Now? Now I'm not...

**SCP-9490-E:** You're still Sarah. I'm still Rachel, she's still Emma; we're all still exactly who we were. <*She smiles.*> Do you... do you want to sit with us?

**Dr. Culver:** Su-- Sure. I'd... I'd really appreciate that. <*She frowns.*> How did you make this seem so easy to handle?

<*The original group of instances laugh together.*>

**SCP-9490-B:** It gets easier once you realize you can look into a mirror, and see the face of god. 

**Date:** April 24th, 2025

**SCP-9490's Impact:** 105 Instances

**Status Report:** SCP-9490 has continued to spread exponentially; restriction of existing instances via curfew has backfired, instead causing SCP-9490 to spread through families of afflicted individuals. SCP-9490 is no longer restricted to a single demographic, and counter rituals have proven ineffective to date.

**Proposed Solution:** Contact should be established with "The Ones Who Tip The Scales", to request support in controlling their patron deity. There may be rituals or practices unknown to the Foundation which could counteract SCP-9490.

**Results:** Solution was rejected by TactTheo command, due to the proposed danger. It was argued that SCP-9490 could represent "*The Blending of Eternal Opposites*", presenting greater risk than benefits. As an alternative, a banishment ritual was performed utilizing methodology based on the cult's -- this ritual failed.

**Date:** April 27th, 2025

**SCP-9490's Impact:** 322 Instances

**Status Report:** SCP-9490 experienced a superspreading event as the result of a sermon given by Pastor Thorn entitled 'The Mirage of Beauty'. During this sermon, Pastor Thorn directly addressed the changes experienced by the town, as he himself had recently become an SCP-9490 instance. The topics of subjective beauty, the history of Eris, and the divine blessing were covered. At the conclusion of the sermon, Pastor Thorn asked all members of the congregation to turn to their neighbor, and compliment something about their appearance. Their neighbor would then compliment their appearance in return.

**Proposed Solution:** SCP-9490 continues to spread through social interactions between individuals, presenting the highest rate of infection. A ritual should be cast, to cause distrust between community members; this artificial suspicion will reduce the rate of infection by isolating the residents of Eris from one another.

**Results:** The ritual was performed, but deemed a failure. The latent influences of the culture of Eris, Texas, and by extension, southern hospitality counteracted the ritual. As a result, no change in behavior was noted: it appears that an imposed distrust does not prevent SCP-9490 instances from taking care of others.

**SCP-9490 Auxiliary Recording B**

**Location:** Unknown

<*This recording is the last confirmed piece of information submitted to the Foundation by Dr. Culver. She is considered MIA until such a time when her remains may be recovered, for further research.*>

---

**Dr. Culver:** And on the tenth day, although she walked just as she had for many days, there was a difference in the air. There was an electric feeling, a jolt of life that coursed through her; in that moment, something told her she was meant to be here.

<*A muffled sound is heard, as Dr. Culver can be heard closer to the microphone, nearly whispering.*>

**Dr. Culver:** They say that you can listen to the ground and hear the voice of God in Eris. Just lay down, put your ear against the dirt, and listen to her sing. She's always sung the same song, centuries of one melody; a tune that shifted through time, filtered through the ears that heard her secret.

<*The recording is silent for the next three minutes.*>

**Dr. Culver:** She said that we are all born into sin. We all shift the scales -- it is our sacred duty to balance them back. We are created in the image of a cosmic joke; we seize our birthright and become the Daughters we were meant to be.

<*Crackling static can be heard on the recording, as the audio quality degrades.*>

**Dr. Culver:** I will never be alone again.

**Date:** May 14th, 2025

**SCP-9490's Impact:** 507 Instances

**Status Report:** SCP-9490 has spread to the entire population of the quarantined area. Individuals are no longer visually distinguishable, appearing as 507 identical persons of varying height and weight; although SCP-9490 instances no longer resemble an average human, appearing as an exaggerated, distorted version; all residents express confidence in their appearances. Contact was lost with all Foundation employees within Eris: both Researcher Stern and Technician Burg were last seen on May 11th, in attendance at Pastor Thorn's church.

**Proposed Solution:** The Texas Department of Transportation has rerouted all traffic around Eris, Texas, and closed all main roads leading into town. A perimeter fence was erected by Foundation agents, with the cover story of a biological epidemic disseminated. All planned rituals and ongoing research were abandoned, in favor of total containment.

**Results:** Eris has been deemed lost, as containment shifts to prolonged stasis; it is believed that within 100 years, once all residents of Eris have passed, SCP-9490 will be neutralized.

**Date:** October 16th, 2025

**SCP-9490's Impact:** 508 Instances

**Status Report:** The first instance of SCP-9490 jumping between species was identified following reports of a 'deer with a human face' outside of the containment zone. Foundation Agents captured a photograph of the instance, which disappeared into the nearby brush; retrieval and capture efforts are underway.

SCP-9490 instances no longer appear human.

**Proposed Solution:** The Department of Decommissioning has been contacted, to formulate a strategy to eliminate all SCP-9490 instances. Internal reports indicate that happiness levels within Eris, Texas, have soared, as well as community engagement. The potential usage of SCP-9490 as a bio-anomalous weapon is simultaneously being explored.

**Results:** Pending.

<< [SCP-9489](SCP-9489) | SCP-9490 | [SCP-9491](SCP-9491) >>

=====

**Filename:** faces1.png

**Author:** 

**License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

**Derivative Of:** The image is a composite of the following sources:

=====

**Name:** Wasted Hours

**Author:** Steven Leonti

**License:** CC BY 2.0

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/stevenleonti/6990458701

=====

**Name:** Alexis 1

**Author:** Javcon117*

**License:** CC-BY-SA 2.0

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/javcon117/15580794131/

=====

**Name:** 101511-19

**Author:** J.K. Califf

**License:** CC-BY-SA 2.0

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/emerycophoto/6513562275/

=====

**Name:** CL Society 454: High school student

**Author:** Francisco Osorio

**License:** CC BY 2.0

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/francisco_osorio/23903858371/

=====

**Name:** Kristine

**Author:** Rafael Castillo

**License:** CC BY 2.0

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/miggslives/4405021283/

=====

**Filename:** faces2.png

**Author:** 

**License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

**Derivative Of:** The image is a composite of the previous images, as well as the additional the following sources:

=====

**Name:** 23.Reunion20.GMHS.MD.24July1993

**Author:** Elvert Barnes

**License:** CC-BY-SA 2.0

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/perspective/25296802206/

=====

**Name:** Laura Olais, Employee Winner, Gila District Office (Arizona)

**Author:** Bureau of Land Management

**License:** CC BY 2.0

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/mypubliclands/41405905985/

=====

**Name:** Untitlted

**Author:** Rafael Castillo

**License:** CC BY 2.0

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/miggslives/4405754282/

=====

**Name:** IMG_0089

**Author:** Daniel Lewis

**License:** CC BY 2.0

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/rattler97/3865309187/

=====

**Filename:** faces3.png

**Author:** 

**License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

**Derivative Of:** The image is a composite of the previous images, as well as the additional the following sources:

=====

**Name:** High School Musical First Show-90.jpg

**Author:** Milton Heard

**License:** Public Domain Mark

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/mheardiv/8726016851/

=====

**Name:** 161358

**Author:** Jake Guild

**License:** CC BY 2.0

**Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/simpleskye/32699179591/

=====

**Filename:** faces4.png

**Author:** 

**License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

**Derivative Of:** The image is an edited composite of all previous image sources.

=====

**Filename:** face5.png

**Author:** 

**License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

**Derivative Of:** The image is an edited composite of all previous image sources.

=====

**Filename:** face6.png

**Author:** 

**License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

**Derivative Of:** The image is an edited composite of all previous image sources.

=====

**Filename:** deer.jpg

**Author:** 

**License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

**Derivative Of:** The image is an edited composite of all previous image sources, as well as the following additional image source:

=====

> **Filename:** Deer (52357950419).jpg

> **Author:** Larry Lamsa

> **License:** CC-BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [ WIKIMEDIA COMMONS](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Deer_(52357950419).jpg)

=====
