=====

=====

Check out [my author page](8B3)

> WELCOME TO SITE-01 SCiPNET ACCESS TERMINAL. PLEASE INSERT ID CARD.

> PROCESSING...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> **DOES THE BLACK MOON HOWL?**

{{**in tones that warp the minds of men**}}

> PROCESSING...

> ACCESS GRANTED. WELCOME, O5-5. PLEASE ENTER A COMMAND.

{{access file scp-9555}}

> SEARCHING...

7 FILES FOUND:

<details>
<summary>scp-9555_clearance_level_3</summary>

**Item #:** SCP-9555

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9555 is considered self-containing. Access to the Site-41 inter-level supply elevator is restricted to personnel with clearance level 4 or higher.

**Description:** SCP-9555 is the fifth sublevel of Foundation [Site-41](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/antimemetics-division-hub). At an unknown point prior to 1990, all conventional methods of entry into SCP-9555 were disabled: staircases were blocked off with concrete, and elevators were modified to no longer access sublevel 5. It can still be accessed through elevator shafts, and by small objects via the Site-41 inter-level supply elevator on sublevel 4, but all subjects that have done so have been lost. Additionally, SCP-9555 is completely impenetrable to all forms of sound and radiation, rendering external observation impossible.

Maintenance personnel stationed at Site-41 have reported memories of working on sublevel 5, but are unable to recall any details. This may be an effect of SCP-9555, but due to the prevalence of memory-altering anomalies affecting Antimemetics Division personnel, this remains pure speculation.

</details>

<details>
<summary>document_9555-1</summary>

**Audio Log 27/08/19██**

**<Begin Log>**

████: How's the treatment coming along?

████: Not well, I'm afraid. Fortunately, there haven't been any more major incidents, but there haven't been any breakthroughs either. We may have to start considering alternatives.

████: Like what?

████: Termination, in the worst case.

████: Isn't that a bit extreme?

████: Like I said, it's the worst case scenario, but I can't rule it out. Whatever this is, it's beyond the scope of my understanding, possibly human understanding as a whole. We have to be prepared for anything.

████: What about containment? Is that feasible?

████: It should be. I'm working on a set of procedures in case it comes to that, but it's still an outcome I would rather avoid.

████: I understand. Make sure to keep me updated.

████: Of course.

**<End Log>**

</details>

<details>
<summary>scp-9555_clearance_level_4</summary>

**Item #:** SCP-9555

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Sublevel 5 of Site-41 has been allocated entirely to containment of SCP-9555. All methods of entry into the containment area have been disabled, except for the Site-41 inter-level supply elevator. Once every 28 days, a package provided by O5 command is to be delivered to SCP-9555 via the supply elevator. The package should return within 2 hours, at which point it is to be returned to O5 command. Under no circumstance is the package to be opened.

**Description:** SCP-9555 is an entity possessing extremely potent infokinetic abilities. Its abilities are largely undocumented, but it is believed to be capable of manipulating and destroying all forms of information within its range of influence. It can also create and manipulate infohazards to some extent, though this is not well understood.

Current containment procedures limit SCP-9555's range of influence to sublevel 5 of Site-41. However, all information that enters its range is completely destroyed. This renders the area impenetrable to all forms of sound and radiation, and causes any object that enters it to become imperceptible. The Site-41 inter-level supply elevator is shielded from this effect by unknown means.

SCP-9555 is the subject of a highly potent infohazard, likely of its own creation. Any subject that learns any information about SCP-9555 other than what is included in this document—including its origin, physical description, and how it was acquired by the Foundation—is completely erased from existence. Due to the nature of the infohazard, the number of individuals who have been affected is unknown.

</details>

<details>
<summary>document_9555-2</summary>

**Audio Log 12/07/19██**

**<Begin Log>**

████: Is there really no other option?

████: Believe me, I wish there was, but we have to respect the majority consensus. You've been at this for years with no results. The others are getting impatient.

████: I suppose I can't argue with that. What are they proposing?

████: I told them you had a set of procedures ready to go. You do, right?

████: Yes, but the plan I formulated will take some time to implement. Did they specify a deadline?

████: You have to submit the procedures by the end of the month, and then they have to be approved. Don't expect them to be too lenient.

████: I suppose that's only fair.

**<End Log>**

</details>

<details>
<summary>scp-9555_clearance_level_5</summary>

**Item #:** SCP-9555

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9555 is contained in a standard humanoid containment cell on sublevel 5 of Foundation Site-41, within a memetic exclusion field generated by SCP-9555-B. Every 28 days, a package containing the following items is to be delivered to SCP-9555's containment cell:

* 28 days worth of MREs

* 700 mg of 125x concentrated class-B amnestics

* One standard dose of [SCP-006](SCP-006)

* 500 sheets of printer paper

* One pack of colored pencils

This package should be returned within 4 hours, and should contain at least one instance of SCP-9555-A. If this is not the case, O5-5 is to be notified as soon as possible.

SCP-9555's containment area is to undergo semi-annual maintenance checks under the supervision of O5-5, to ensure that SCP-9555-B remains operational and that current containment procedures remain effective. This is the only time SCP-9555-B is allowed to be deactivated. After each maintenance check, all personnel involved are to be amnesticized.

**Description:** SCP-9555 is a human female possessing anomalous cognitive abilities, including resistance to amnestics and a CRV (Cognitive Resistance Value) of 97. It was 15 years old at the time of its containment in 1982, and is kept from physically aging past this point via regular doses of SCP-006.

SCP-9555's anomalous properties stem from a portion of its consciousness existing outside of the human noosphere, allowing it to fully comprehend concepts that would be harmful to a non-anomalous human. This could allow SCP-9555 to act as a vector for highly dangerous memetic hazards, as it may not recognize that certain ideas are harmful. It may also allow [hostile extranoospheric entities](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3125) to use SCP-9555 as a "backdoor" into the human noosphere. Because of these risks, SCP-9555 poses a significant danger if left uncontained.

Some time prior to containment, SCP-9555 learned how to create visual cognitohazards, referred to as SCP-9555-A instances. While in containment, SCP-9555 is allowed to continuously produce SCP-9555-A instances, which are then collected and adapted for use by the Foundation.

SCP-9555-B is a device designed by O5-5 for containment of SCP-9555, both to maintain secrecy and to prevent a containment breach. It is capable of producing a memetic exclusion field, which filters out all information that passes through it. The field is omni-dimensional, allowing it to affect both extradimensional and extranoospheric entities. SCP-9555-B also maintains a partial gap in the exclusion field, allowing simple objects to pass through unabated via the Site-41 inter-level supply elevator. However, objects containing a high density of information—such as memetic entities, sapient lifeforms, and sophisticated computers—remain affected.

</details>

<details>
<summary>document_9555-3</summary>

**Abridged Testing Log**

*Note: the following tests were conducted independently by O5-5 prior to containment of SCP-9555.*

> **Date:** 17/05/1977

> **Procedure:** SCP-9555 was given a standard CRV test.

> **Results:** The test indicated a CRV of 79, placing them in the 99th percentile for humans.

> **Date:** 01/11/1977

> **Procedure:** SCP-9555 was asked to perform a series of computations involving [SCP-033](SCP-033) (Θ').

> **Results:** SCP-9555 was able to perform each computation with no apparent difficulty.

> **Date:** 30/09/1978

> **Procedure:** SCP-9555 was shown a series of 100 images, 44 of which were cognitohazardous. It was asked to identify which were cognitohazardous and which were not.

> **Results:** SCP-9555 was able to correctly identify 97 of the images.

> **Date:** 28/04/1979

> **Procedure:** SCP-9555 was given a series of 10 doses of class-B amnestics, each with a different concentration of Y-909 compound. After each dose, the effects were observed over the course of 24 hours.

> **Results:** No effect was observed until SCP-9555 was given a dose containing 50x the standard concentration of Y-909 compound. After receiving a dose with 125x the standard concentration, it experienced the typical effects of class-B amnestics, along with a number of side effects not typically observed.

> **Date:** 09/04/1981

> **Procedure:** SCP-9555 was asked to produce a visual sedative agent.

> **Results:** SCP-9555 was able to produce the requested item after 15 minutes of drawing.

> **Date:** 06/02/1982

> **Procedure:** SCP-9555 was asked to draw "the texture of the number five".

> **Results:** SCP-9555 was able to produce the requested item after 3 hours. The result was highly cognitohazardous, but fit the parameters of the request.

> **Date:** 20/12/1982

> **Procedure:** The CRV test was repeated.

> **Results:** The test indicated a CRV of 97 (the highest ever observed in a non-augmented human), confirming that SCP-9555's anomalous properties have developed over time.

</details>

<details>
<summary>document_9555-4</summary>

**Interview Log 19/09/2006**

**<Begin Log>**

**O5-5:** How are you feeling today, Rebecca?

**SCP-9555:** I'm feeling alright. Gosh, it's so weird hearing you call me Rebecca.

**O5-5:** Sorry, Becky. I have to be formal for the interview.

**SCP-9555:** No worries, I understand.

**O5-5:** Thank you. Now, could you state how long you've been in containment, just for the record?

**SCP-9555:** Let's see, it's been... 9 days, right?

**O5-5:** Did you remember to skip theta prime?

**SCP-9555:** Right, so 10. Sorry.

**O5-5:** You're fine, don't worry. Have you noticed anything unusual? Any developments we should be aware of?

**SCP-9555:** No, everything's been pretty normal.

**O5-5:** Good, that's good. How about your drawings? Any problems with those?

**SCP-9555:** Nope. What do you need them for, anyway?

**O5-5:** Research, to find out what's wrong with you.

**SCP-9555:** That makes it sound like I have cancer or something. I'm fine, aren't I?

**O5-5:** Yes, but we don't want you to be a threat to other people. Remember when you showed your mother one of your drawings?

**SCP-9555:** Yeah, but... I know better now. You can trust me.

**O5-5:** Don't give me that look, Becky. You know my mind is too powerful for your feeble tricks.

*[SCP-9555 giggles]*

**SCP-9555:** I don't know what you're talking about.

**O5-5:** Don't make me send you to your room, little girl.

**SCP-9555:** Joke's on you, old man, this is my room now!

**O5-5:** Rats, foiled again.

*[SCP-9555 laughs]*

**O5-5:** But all jokes aside, do you understand what I mean?

**SCP-9555:** I guess so.

**O5-5:** Good. And remember to take your medicine when it arrives, okay?

**SCP-9555:** I will.

**O5-5:** Thank you.

*[4 second pause]*

**SCP-9555:** Hey, daddy?

**O5-5:** Yes, Becky?

**SCP-9555:** How much longer will I have to stay here?

**O5-5:** They'll let you go soon, don't worry.

**SCP-9555:** I'm looking forward to it.

*[2 second pause]*

**O5-5:** Me too, Becky.

**<End Log>**

</details>

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> PLEASE ENTER A COMMAND.

{{erase file document_9555-4}}

> ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO PERMANENTLY ERASE 1 FILE? (Y/N)

{{y}}

> ERASING FILE...

> FILE ERASED. PLEASE ENTER A COMMAND.

{{log out}}

> LOGGING OUT...

<< [SCP-9554](SCP-9554) | SCP-9555 | [SCP-9556](SCP-9556) >>
