]

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9072 is currently contained within Shrewsbury Prison, with all procedures aimed at strengthening the narrative that the entity is a ghost story. 

All individuals taking part in the Night Behind Bars experienceExperience provided by Shrewsbury Prison where individuals are allowed to stay overnight in a cell inside the prison. are to be monitored by on-site personnel. If it is believed an individual was exposed to SCP-9072, they are to be provided Class G amnestics upon leaving Shrewsbury Prison. All observations performed whilst inside Shrewsbury Prison are to be performed by MTF-Theta-60 ("Ghostbusters") whilst undercover as employees of the Prison.

Activity is monitored from provisional Site-500 via motion sensors and antennae embedded within the structural walls of all cell wings. All received transmissions are to be filtered, with non-transcribable messages being discarded, whilst transcribable messages are stored for future use. SCP-9072's movement is to be monitored throughout the entirety of its manifestation, with all civilian reports to be attributed to conventional paranormal folklore narratives. Any individuals believed to have been exposed to severe effects of SCP-9072 are to be held within Site-500 for psychological evaluations and dream logging. 

**Description:** SCP-9072 refers to a humanoid entity that has the appearance of a male human's shadow. From observations, the entity is believed to be 1.7 m (67 inches) tall, and locomotion occurs via silent levitation. Attempts at identifying the entity through thermal camera footage have failed, as the entity appears to emit no body heat.

The entity manifests between 11:00 PM and 6:30 AM local time, on all days of the year aside from the 10^^th^^ of October. During manifestations, SCP-9072's movement patterns have indicated intelligence. The entity has been observed causing nearby lights to flicker, open and close various doors and move light objects to create sound, as well as emitting radio transmissions with varying frequencies that are around 90% non-transcribable and 10% transcribable into single words or two to three word sentences. 

When a person is within 0.5m (20 inches) of SCP-9072, they experience a feeling of dread and being watched while inside Shrewsbury Prison. In some cases, these feelings persist for up to 48 hours after leaving. In rare cases, symptoms last until the individual's death, but are not fatal themselves.

Other reported effects of encounters with SCP-9072 include: a feeling of being grabbed on the shoulder; audible hallucinations of children laughing; young voices calling to their mother; and faint crying. SCP-9072 appears to have inspired "The Shadow Man" ghost story. However, Foundation analysis suggests a correlation with regional haunting narratives. Children laughing and young voices are associated with "The Georgian Child." Sounds of faint crying are tied to "The Grey Lady," and feeling a hand on the shoulder is linked to "The Governor's Wife." These effects—along with moving objects, flickering lights, moving doors, a sense of dread, and feeling watched—are public knowledge. All other mentioned symptoms are not known to the public.

**Addendum-9072-1:** Discovery log.

[[collapsible show="+ [AUTHORISED PERSONNEL ONLY]" hide="- [ACCESS GRANTED]"]]

SCP-9072's existence was confirmed in March of 2013, upon a Foundation-led investigation into reported paranormal activity within Shrewsbury Prison. Following confirmation of anomalous activity, closure of the facility was mandated under a financial restructuring cover story. In order to avoid suspicion from local residents, it was allowed to remain open as a tourist attraction.

During initial investigations, it was seen that attempts to communicate with SCP-9072 resulted in increased anomalous aggression by the entity. This meant that the entity's movement was more erratic, all transmissions were non-transcribable, and all individuals who came near the entity experienced more severe psychological effects. Direct communication attempts were banned following these events.

Site-500 was established in December of 2013, in order to closely study transmissions emitted by SCP-9072 and to house victims of SCP-9072 encounters. The site was constructed underneath Shrewsbury Prison and is currently directed by Dr. Barry.

**Addendum-9072-2:** Interview Logs 1.

[[collapsible show="+ [AUTHORISED PERSONNEL ONLY]" hide="- [ACCESS GRANTED]"]]

> = **INTERVIEW LOG 1-1:**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Date:** 2014/01/03

> 

> **Subject:** Floyd Harrison

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Barry

> 

> **Foreword:** Floyd was a confirmed victim of SCP-9072 exposure for two weeks prior to this interview. This interview was conducted in an attempt to understand the psychological effects of SCP-9072.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Can you describe any psychological abnormalities you have been experiencing?

> 

> **Subject:** Fuck, where do I even start? Um, well, recently I've just had this fear of shadows. Like, I see one, and I just feel so uneasy, and I get Goosebumps too.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Is this all shadows?

> 

> **Subject:** No actually, its just human shadows. But some shadows feel scarier than others, like if I see my wife's or children's shadows, I get uneasy, but not that scared. But when I see the shadow of an average-sized man, I just can't handle being near it.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Noted, have you experienced any other effects?

> 

> **Subject:** I've got this constant feeling that I'm being watched and this impending sense of dread in my chest. I've never believed in ghost stories, but it feels like how people describe being near the Shadow Man.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Understood, are there any other effects that I need to know about?

> 

> **Subject:** Well I can't sleep but when I do, I have these strange dreams.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Can you remember anything from these dreams?

> 

> **Subject:** Yeah, its always the same. I'm in a cell in Shrewsbury Prison, which looks populated with prisoners. 

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Does anything happen in this dream?

> 

> **Subject:** This guard comes into my cell, and drags me out of the prison to the gates. The dream always ends there.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Do you see anything whilst being dragged?

> 

> **Subject:** Everyone is turned away, so I can't see any of their faces. That's until I reach the prison gates, because there is a large noose, as if I'm being dragged to be executed. But I didn't do anything. 

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Anything else I should know?

> 

> **Subject:** Yes.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What then?

> 

> **Subject:** There... There's a crowd around the noose.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Continue.

> 

> **Subject:** And the people.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Yes?

> 

> **Subject:** They all have the same face.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Who's face is it?

> 

> **Subject:** I... I don't know.

> 

> **<End Log>**

---

> = **INTERVIEW LOG 1-2:**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Date:** 2014/01/06

> 

> **Subject:** Debbie Tranchard

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Barry

> 

> **Foreword:** Debbie was a confirmed victim of SCP-9072 exposure for four weeks prior to this interview. This interview was conducted in an attempt to understand more about the recurring dreams documented in the previous interview log.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Tell me about these recurring dreams that you've been experiencing.

> 

> **Subject:** Its the same dream everytime, I'm walking down the street then these two police officers tackle and start beating me.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What street are you walking down?

> 

> **Subject:** I'm not sure, I think I'm near the town centre but a lot of buildings that are normally there are missing. It's like what it used to look like, a long time ago.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Can you make a guess?

> 

> **Subject:** Well from the clothes of people I see, its like the Victorian times.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What sort of clothes are people wearing?

> 

> **Subject:** Its either some dirty rags, or nice suits. No in between.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Can you hear anything in this dream?

> 

> **Subject:** Yeah, a lot of shouting.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Can you make out what is being said?

> 

> **Subject:** Not really, its just loud muffled shouting, but I can make out one word which sounds like its overlapped with the other muffled shouting.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What's the word?

> 

> [Subject doesn't respond.]

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What was the word?

> 

> [Subject begins to sob.]

> 

> **Subject:** Mu... Murderer.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What are the po—

> 

> **Subject:** (choked sobs) I swear I didn't do anything, I swear.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Are you ok?

> 

> [Subject lowers head into hands.]

> 

> **Subject:** I didn't do it. I didn't do... it.

> 

> **<END LOG>**

> 

> **Additional notes:** Subject refused to respond to any further questions. When they woke up the next morning after being housed overnight at Site-500, they reported having no memory of the conducted interview.

---

> = **INTERVIEW LOG 1-3:**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Date:** 2014/01/10

> 

> **Subject:** Junior Researcher Alfie

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Barry

> 

> **Foreword:** Junior Researcher Alfie was exposed to SCP-9072 during initial communication attempts where the entity was believed to be in an aggressive state. This interview was conducted to see changes in psychological effects from victims when the entity is aggressive and not.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** How do your symptoms compare to other individual's recorded symptoms?

> 

> **Subject:** They're just sort of worse, I get uneasy and scared around basically anyone's shadow except from any woman's or child's. I can barely sleep at night, and when I do, the dreams I have are very. Odd.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Can you describe these dreams?

> 

> **Subject:** Well it always starts with me in some courtroom.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What's happening in this courtroom?

> 

> **Subject:** Well I think I was being charged with something from where I am, there's a jury quite a lot of people watching and a judge.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What are these people like?

> 

> **Subject:** They're all just saying nonsense, I can only make out a few words.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What are the words?

> 

> **Subject:** Murderer, guilty, innocent, damfool and blunderbuss.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Understood, so what do these people look like?

> 

> **Subject:** Creepy, they have very faded faces. Like, I can see their features, but not well enough to identify any of them. Hair is all visible, though. Everyone's hairstyles look like they're from the Victorian era, and their clothes are too.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Understood, does anything notable happen in this courtroom?

> 

> **Subject:** No not really, just a bunch of shouting and I always wake up feeling dizzy. But afterwards, the scene just... changes.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Elaborate.

> 

> **Subject:** Well, one second I'm in a courtroom. Next, I'm in a cell.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What happens in this cell?

> 

> **Subject:** Its the same cell every time, C203. I always wake up, and it feels real. I can smell a weird odour, hear the banging of weapons on different cell doors and taste morning breath in my mouth.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What else happens?

> 

> **Subject:** Well I'm woken up by some Guard who gives me some gross food through the gaps in the cell door. It tastes really bad, but I just eat it. I feel like I haven't eaten in weeks.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Does the dream end here?

> 

> **Subject:** Well I finish eating, then... then... then... I didn't do it.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What?

> 

> [Subject begins to sob.]

> 

> **Subject:** I see a face in the mirror.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Your face?

> 

> **Subject:** No. His face.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Who's face?

> 

> **Subject:** I didn't do it. I didn't do it. I didn't do it. Murderer. Guilty. Innocent. End this—

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Additional notes:** Shortly after this interview, the subject passed out. 16 hours afterwards, the subjects' heart rate significantly increased to 200 BPM for a few minutes before they expired. The cause of death was determined to be severe neck trauma and strangulation, with rope burns identified on their neck. 

> 

> At the same time that the subject expired, SCP-9072's activity became significantly more erratic for around 30 minutes, with power inside Shrewsbury Prison failing until this activity ended. All transmissions received were transcribable despite SCP-9072's behaviour. All recovered transmissions during this 30-minute period.

---

> I didn't do it

> I didn't do it

> Where am I?

> GUILTY. GUILTY. GUILTY.

> What? What's going on?

> I didn't █████ I didn't ██████. Innocent. Hung.

> What... WHAT IS THIS?!

> ██████████████████. GUILTY.

> INNOCENT. INNOCENT. INNOCENT. I DIDN'T DO IT! I... I... I DIDN'T DO IT!

> WHAT?! I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!

> Hung. Hung. Hung.

> I didn't do it.

> I didn't do it.

> I didn't do it.

> I didn't do it.

> Hung. Hung. Hung. Hung. Hung

> No... NO!

> Hung. Hung. Hung. Hung. Hung

> ST—

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> I didn't do it.

**Addendum-9072-3:** Interview Logs 2.

[[collapsible show="+ [AUTHORISED PERSONNEL ONLY]" hide="- [ACCESS GRANTED]"]]

On 24/04/2014, the ban on communication attempts was lifted due to several weeks of highly docile behaviour from SCP-9072. The following are interview attempts that occurred within a one-week period, before communication events were paused.

> = **INTERVIEW LOG 2-1:**

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Date:** 2014/04/24

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-9072

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Barry

> 

> **Foreword:** This was the first attempt of communication with SCP-9072 following the lift on the ban of communication with SCP-9072. Dr. Barry communicated through a loudspeaker installed within the prisonThroughout these communication attempts, all civilian access to the prison for any reason was prohibited during SCP-9072's manifestation periods. whilst SCP-9072's responses were projected onto a screen in front of Dr. Barry.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072, can you hear me?

> 

> [Subject doesn't respond.]

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072, I repeat, can you hear me?

> 

> [Subject doesn't respond. SCP-9072’s activity begins to become more erratic.]

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072, I'm not trying to hurt you, I just want to talk to you.

> 

> **Subject:** ☐☐☐☐☒☐☐☐☐☒☒☐☐☒☐☐☒☐☐☒☐☐

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Sorry I didn’t understand, can you repeat?

> 

> [Subject's behaviour continued to become more erratic.]

> 

> **Subject:** ☐▦▦▦☒☐☐☐▦▦▦☒☐☐☐▦▦▦☒☐☐

> 

> **Dr. Barry**: I'm sorry, could you please repeat your response?

> 

> **Subject:** Stop!

> 

> **Dr. Barry**: I need to proceed with this interview, SCP-9072. Are you willing to share any information about yourself?

> 

> [Subject doesn't respond. SCP-9072's activity began to become more erratic as multiple doors across Shrewsbury Prison began opening and closing.]

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Final attempt. SCP-9072, are you willing to provide any information about yourself?

> 

> **Subject:** I didn't do it.

> 

> [Various lights across Shrewsbury Prison begin to rapidly flicker.]

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Additional notes:** SCP-9072's activity remained highly erratic for the remainder of its manifestation period. Civilian access to Shrewsbury Prison was prohibited to allow MTF-Theta-60 to clean up the prison, due to damage caused by SCP-9072.

> = **INTERVIEW LOG 2-2:**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Date:** 2014/04/26

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-9072

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Barry

> 

> **Foreword:** This was the second communication attempt, a different approach was used by Dr. Barry in an attempt to get information from SCP-9072 about its nature.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072, I am Dr. Barry and I work for an organisation that is interested in helping you. I request that you provide any information you believe is necessary for us to achieve this.

> 

> [Subject doesn't respond.]

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072, I'd like to repeat that I am Dr. Barry and I work for an organisation that is interested in helping you. I request that you provide any information you believe is necessary for us to achieve this.

> 

> [Subject doesn't respond.]

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072, I am offering to help you, provide any information that you beli—

> 

> **Subject:** Go away.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** I understand you may not want my help, but I just want to know a bit about you for research purposes. Can I at least get your name?

> 

> [Subject doesn't respond. Observing researchers reported a feeling of being watched as the lights began to flicker within Site-500.]

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072, can I please just get your name?

> 

> [Subject doesn't respond.]

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** I repeat, SCP-9072, can I please just get your name?

> 

> [Subject doesn't respond. Loose objects within Shrewsbury Prison began to fall, and all doors within the prison opened at the same time.]

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072, can I please just get your name?

> 

> [All activity within Shrewsbury Prison stopped, as well as activity within Site-500.]

> 

> **Subject:** Your honour, my name is Thomas Rogers, I am 29 years old and work in a factory.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Unders—

> 

> **Subject:** That is correct yes.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072, elaborate what you—

> 

> **Subject:** I plead not guilty.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-90—

> 

> [Subject's activity suddenly becomes highly erratic. Various individuals affected by SCP-9072 who were sleeping during this interview began having seizures whilst all lights within Shrewsbury Prison turned on, before the power supply broke.]

> 

> **Subject:** PLEASE! I DIDN'T DO IT! I DIDN'T DO IT! I DIDN'T DO IT! I DIDN'T D—

> 

> [All activity from subject ceased.]

> 

> **<END LOG>**

> 

> **Additional notes:** Following this interview, Shrewsbury Prison would be forced to close to the public due to the broken power supply, which took one week to completely fix. Only two individuals who experienced seizures survived, and each of them reported a vivid nightmare. View Interview Logs 3 for more information.

> = **INTERVIEW LOG 2-3:**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Date:** 2014/04/30

> 

> **Subject:** SCP-9072

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Barry

> 

> **Foreword:** This interview took place several days after the previous with the entity's activity being significantly more erratic across this period. Dr. Barry continued with the same approach as last time, in hopes of getting a more understandable response.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072, can you hear me?

> 

> **Subject:** ▦☒☐☐☒☐☐▦▦▦▦☒☐☐☒☐☐▦▦▦▦☒☐☐☒☐☐▦▦▦▦☒☐☐☒☐☐▦▦▦▦

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** I'm sorry can you repeat SCP-9072?

> 

> **Subject:** ▦▦▦☐☒☒☒▦▦▦☐☒☒☒▦▦▦☐☒☒☒▦▦▦☐☒☒☒▦▦▦☐☒☒☒

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Sorry, SCP-9072 I don't appear to be able to understand. May you please repeat?

> 

> **Subject:** What? 10^^th^^ of October, that day?

> 

> [Dr. Barry did not respond and observed subject's transmissions.]

> 

> **Subject:** I didn't do anything? Why am I here?

> 

> [Lights began to flicker in Shrewsbury Prison, despite the lights being considered broken prior.]

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** SCP-9072?!

> 

> **Subject:** Murderer? I am not a murderer!

> 

> **Subject:** ▦▦▦▦▦▦▦▦▦▦☐▦▦▦▦▦▦▦▦▦▦▦▦▦▦

> 

> **Subject:** What ☐☐☐▦▦☐☒. Who is that?

> 

> **Subject:** I want to go home, I don't wanna be here anymore.

> 

> **Subject:** LET ME ☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐☐

> 

> **Subject:** [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR] [ERROR]

> 

> [All light flickering ceased as SCP-9072 de-manifested.]

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Additional Notes:** Various antennae installed within Shrewsbury Prison C Wing broke following the receival of SCP-9072's final transmission. Additionally, all personnel working at Site-500 were emailed Image-9072-1 seconds after SCP-9072 de-manifested. The origin of this email is unknown. Personnel reported the sensation of someone standing directly behind them when viewing the image.

---

**Addendum-9072-4:** Interview Logs 3.

[[collapsible show="+ [AUTHORISED PERSONNEL ONLY]" hide="- [ACCESS GRANTED]"]]

Following Interview Log 2-3, all seventeen individuals previously contained for long-term SCP-9072 exposure experienced simultaneous seizure activity lasting until the entity’s de-manifestation. Each surviving individual reported a vivid nightmare, but also reported that all of their other symptoms had faded. Each individual was interviewed and was amnestized afterwards, allowing them to re-integrate into society.

> = **INTERVIEW LOG 3-1:**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Date:** 2014/05/02

> 

> **Subject:** Alexander Bath

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Barry

> 

> **Foreword:** This interview took place three days after the subject's seizure to allow them to recover and reach a more stable mental state.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** How well do you remember this nightmare?

> 

> **Subject:** Like it really happened, and only happened a few minutes ago.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Ok then, talk me through it.

> 

> **Subject:** (exhales) Ok, so it started and I was in this cell, inside of Shrewsbury Prison.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What cell was it?

> 

> **Subject:** C203. Anyway, when in the cell, there was this guard on the other side. And he was talking about my own execution. He mentioned it was on the 10^^th^^ of October. I didn't know how far away that was, as I didn't know the date.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Did you recognise the guard, and did he say anything else notable?

> 

> **Subject:** I didn't recognise him, but his face looked normal. He had thick eyebrows, a handlebar moustache and some really nice blue eyes. He didn't say anything else notable, and for the rest of the nightmare, he just stood and watched me.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** So what else happened?

> 

> **Subject:** Well, after he said that I heard this voice that didn't sound like mine, but it felt like I was speaking it.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What did the voice say?

> 

> **Subject:** It said,  I didn't do anything? Why am I here? The Guard didn't respond; it felt like the nightmare jumped past his response. The voice then said, "Murderer? I am not a murderer!" 

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Did it say anything else?

> 

> **Subject:** Well it did, but it was all sounded so layered and distorted I couldn't make out what it was saying. But then... I felt like...

> 

> [Subject begins to sob.]

> 

> **Subject:** I lost control.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Explain.

> 

> **Subject:** Well... it wasn't me doing it. But this force just moved my head and began banging it on the sink. It kept going, blood was going everywhere and... I... I couldn't stop it until I passed out.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What happened after you passed out?

> 

> **Subject:** I saw this like, figure. It wasn't very tall, I'd say around five feet nine, it looked like a shadow, and it just stood there.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Where were you?

> 

> **Subject:** In the bed you gave me. I saw it; none of you did. It reached out towards me after a few moments and faded away. Its touch was cold.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> = **INTERVIEW LOG 3-2:**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Date:** 2014/05/02

> 

> **Subject:** Sophia Griffin

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Barry

> 

> **Foreword:** This interview took place moments after Interview 3-1. The subject was briefed on the content of Interview 3-1, and they confirmed that their nightmare differed but followed a similar structure.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Subject:** So what do you need exactly?

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** I need you to provide a full chronological account about your nightmare, but don't go into details about things already covered in the interview log I showed you.

> 

> **Subject:** Ok, so firstly the cell I was in was different.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What cell were you in?

> 

> **Subject:** A204.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** What happened then?

> 

> **Subject:** So the guard appeared but he said things on the same page but differently. Also, he was clean-shaven and had green eyes. 

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** If what the guard said was basically the same, I don't want to know. What did you say?

> 

> **Subject:** Well it was all quite similar, the voice was confused on what they did, but after all the stuff you've heard before. It kept going.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Please explain.

> 

> **Subject:** Instead of the layered voices the other person reported, my voice said "Who is that?" and "Let me go, I'm innocent", after that the voice just became layered and inaudible. The guard's voice wasn't audible whilst the voice was saying these things.

>  

> **Dr. Barry:** What happened next?

> 

> **Subject:** Well... well...

> 

> [Subject begins to sob.]

> 

> **Subject:** I began banging my head on the jail door, this female voice kept saying "Get out" but I didn't know where it was coming from. Blood went everywhere, and I passed out.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Did you see a shadow person?

> 

> **Subject:** Kinda.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** Clarify please.

> 

> **Subject:** It was a small humanoid, that reached out for me like the other said. But... but it did look like a shadow.

> 

> **Dr. Barry:** So what was different?

> 

> **Subject:** It was white. And its presence was freezing cold.

> 

> **<END LOG>**

> 

> **Additional notes:** Following this interview, various on-site researchers when the seizures took place, reported frost forming on the subject upon the seizure ending.

 

**Addendum-9072-5:** Incident-Image-9072-1.

[[collapsible show="+ [AUTHORISED PERSONNEL ONLY]" hide="- [ACCESS GRANTED]"]]

Following the transmission of Image-9072-1, Foundation analysts identified the photographed location as a graveyard adjacent to St. Chad’s Church. MTF-Theta-60 were dispatched to the area, where they reported seeing various humanoids similar to SCP-9072 in their peripheral vision. An investigation into the gravestones captured in the image revealed one of them had the name "Thomas Rogers", showing he died on the 10th of October. It is unclear if this is the same Thomas Rogers referred to in communication attempts with SCP-9072.

MTF-Theta-60 dug up Thomas' grave, where they found a damaged wooden coffin. The coffin did not contain any corpse, with only a note and an image inside. The note stated the following:

> *The gates the spirit refers to are the gates of its prison. The spirit's soul is trapped within the place it was killed, with its body buried beneath its escape, the gates out. If that body were ever to be uncovered, the spirit would be free to roam all of Shrewsbury. Shall this never happen, keep it sealed, and keep the others quiet.*

> 

> -[UNINTELLIGEABLE]

---

After this discovery, beneath the entrance gates of Shrewsbury Prison were scanned which confirmed the presence of a body 8m (26 ft) beneath surface level. It is unknown if this is the body of Thomas Rogers, as no attempts at retrieving the body have been made, due to fear of the entity's anomalous effects spreading.

Investigations into other entities similar to SCP-9072 were made upon the recovery of the note. These investigations did not confirm any other anomalous activity within any other building within Shrewsbury. It is theorised that these other entities may exist, but due to unknown reasons, they are unable to engage in similar activity to SCP-9072; this is unconfirmed. The only evidence of this potentially being true was during an investigation within Town Walls Tower, where multiple MTF-Theta-60 personnel reported a 1m x 1m (39 x 39 inch) area of a specific room feeling significantly colder than the rest of the building. No visual sightings were reported, however.

During SCP-9072's next manifestation, the entity's behaviour was more erratic than it had ever been recorded. All individuals within a 2 km (1.2 miles) radius were believed to have been affected by SCP-9072. Notably, the entity's manifestation stopped later than usually recorded, with all activity ceasing at 9:00 AM. The next manifestation, all activity by the entity returned to normal levels.

**Addendum-9072-6:** [DATA EXPUNGED]

[[collapsible show="+ [LEVEL 4 CLEARENCE REQUIRED]" hide="- [CLEARENCE APPROVED]"]]

**Addendum-9072-6:** Incident-9072-10/10

On the 10^^th^^ of October, 2014, SCP-9072 activity did not occur as expected. However, multiple mysterious deaths began to surface the following morning. Various individuals had died in their sleep of severe neck trauma and strangulation. Suspecting the link to SCP-9072, all deaths were covered up, and all bodies were retrieved and stored at Site-500. Eight bodies were confirmed to have experienced this mysterious death.

It was confirmed through surveillance footage that all these individuals had walked past Shrewsbury Prison's main gates that night, but did not enter. However, various other individuals who were unaffected had done the same. Further investigation revealed that all eight of these individuals walked over a specific spot, which was where the body of Thomas Rogers had been buried.

An experiment occurred where several D-classes walked over the area where Thomas Rogers' body was underneath. However, no D class members died. Further investigation is required. 

**Update 10/10/2015:** A second experiment occurred on the same day as the initial deaths. All D-classes who walked over the specific spot died in their sleep of severe neck trauma and strangulation. Update to containment procedures is pending, and further investigation is ongoing.

<< [SCP-9071](SCP-9071) | SCP-9072 | [SCP-9073](SCP-9073) >>

> **Filename:** The main gate, Shrewsbury Prison - geograph.org.uk - 6510588.jpg

> **Author:** [*https://www.geograph.org.uk/profile/21377 Jeremy Bolwell]

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_main_gate,_Shrewsbury_Prison_-_geograph.org.uk_-_6510588.jpg)

---

> **Filename:** File:065-RE1A0115.jpg

> **Author:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?title=User:Josephinebeasley&action=edit&redlink=1 Josephinebeasley]

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source link:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:065-RE1A0115.jpg Wikimedia Commons]

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Filename:** human-path-walk

> **Author:** [*https://pixabay.com/users/studyo-1649473/ studyo]

> **License:** CC 0 1.0

> **Source link:** [*https://pixabay.com/photos/human-path-walk-male-silhouette-1045469/ Pixabay]

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Filename:** spiritcapture.JPG

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source link:** [SCP wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9072)

---

> **Filename:** Graves at St Chad's - geograph.org.uk - 1727130.jpg

> **Author:** [*https://www.geograph.org.uk/profile/6699 ceridwen]

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source link:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Graves_at_St_Chad's_-_geograph.org.uk_-_1727130.jpg Wikimedia Commons]

---

> **Filename:** Cromwell's Head - 1911 news photos (better copy of news photo cropped).jpg

> **Author:** Anonymous

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source link:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Cromwell%27s_Head_-_1911_news_photos_(better_copy_of_news_photo_cropped).jpg Wikimedia Commons]
