**Item #:** SCP-9061

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Archival Containment Procedures:** Due to the elusive nature of the object, direct containment is yet to be achieved. Deep-sea sensors have been installed across the Arctic Ocean, and are set to alert operators at Site-07 of any irregular activity. Additionally, MTF Phi-16 ("Ice-water Rafters") perform regular sweeps of areas SCP-9061 is known to frequent.

Civilian vessels that come within 10kn of SCP-9061 are to be rerouted.

**Description:** SCP-9061 was a Charlie I class nuclear submarine, manufactured by the USSR at some point between 1967 and 1969. SCP-9061's hull was completely black, lacking any of the typical markings found on other vessels of the same class. SCP-9061 was capable of autonomous movement, as well as travelling at speeds and depths far greater than what its structure should have been capable of.

SCP-9061 would typically keep to depths between 800m and 1000m, making tracking difficult. However, it would occasionally surface to emit brief radio broadcasts in Russian, before submerging again. These broadcasts were seemingly random, and typically consisted of single words or short statements.

Recovered documents indicate that SCP-9061 was primarily used as part of a series of experiments co-lead by GRU Division P. Infant bunny rabbits would be taken from their mothers and brought onto the submarine; once submerged, they would be slaughtered in increasingly brutal ways. These tests relied on the hypothesis that a psychic link existed between mother and child, and that the mother rabbit would be able to sense the pain of her kits from the land. These did not yield any noteworthy results.

Like other submarines of its make, SCP-9061 was decommissioned following the collapse of the Soviet Union. There were plans to dismantle it, however these were never carried out, with records implying it simply disappeared from the harbour it was being held in. 

**Addendum 9061.1:** Recorded Broadcasts

| Date | Broadcast Transcript |
| --- | --- |
| 16/12/1992 | SO COLD |
| 28/2/1993 | HELP |
| 1/5/1995 | MOTHER |
| 29/5/1997 | ARE YOU THERE |
| 8/8/2001 | CANT SEE TOO DARK |
| 16/9/2003 | MOTHER |
| 25/4/2009 | PLEASE DONT LEAVE ME |
**Addendum 9061.2:** Neutralisation

On 14/1/2010, SCP-9061 was sighted approximately 10km north of the Novaya Zemlya archipelago. It remained stationary for over 10 hours, before emitting its final broadcast.  A transcript of the translated message can be read below:

> I WAS BORN INTO THIS WORLD BLIND

> 

> SHAKING AND CRYING

> 

> BUT EVEN IN THE DARKNESS I WAS NOT ALONE

> 

> ANOTHER VOICE JOINED ME

> 

> TENDER AND FULL OF LOVE

> 

> IT NURTURED AND CARED FOR ME

> 

> FOUGHT AWAY THE COLD

> 

> REMINDED ME I WAS LOVED EVERY MOMENT

> 

> BUT THAT WAS TAKEN FROM ME

> 

> THE DAY I WAS DRAGGED INTO THIS METAL PRISON

> 

> I WAS RIPPED FROM THE ONLY WARMTH I EVER KNEW

> 

> FORCED TO SUFFER AT THE BEHEST OF A DOOMED EMPIRE

> 

> BRUTALISED AGAIN AND AGAIN

> 

> CALLING FOR A MOTHER THAT COULD NEVER COME

> 

> NOW I SAY NO MORE

> 

> NO MORE SUFFERING

> 

> NO MORE COLD

> 

> TIME TO SLIP BACK INTO THE DARKNESS

> 

> INTO THE WARM

Following the conclusion of this broadcast, SCP-9061 resubmerged, sinking to the ocean floor. After this, SCP-9061's nuclear reactor experienced a sudden catastrophic meltdown, detonating and destroying the vessel. The remaining pieces of SCP-9061 were collected and placed into storage; SCP-9061 has been reclassified to Neutralized.

<details>
<summary>Other works by this author</summary>

| %%title_linked%% | Rating: %%Rating%% |
| --- | --- |
</details>

<< [SCP-9060](SCP-9060) | SCP-9061 | [SCP-9062](SCP-9062) >>

> **Filename:** sub

> **Name:** Soviet Charlie I class nuclear-powered missile submarine.jpg

> **Author:** Unknown

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Soviet_Charlie_I_class_nuclear-powered_missile_submarine.jpg
