**Item #:** SCP-9434

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Following recent discoveries surrounding SCP-9434, all staff assigned to SCP-9434 are to be educated on its effects. Any claims of SCP-9434 being used are to be reported to Dog Resources.

**Description:** SCP-9434 appears to be a standard dog whistle. When blown, all nearby dogs will respond in a variety of ways. On first hearing the whistle blow, subjects typically respond with shock. On subsequent exposures, subjects begin to react with aggression, barking at and sometimes attacking the user. Finally, if SCP-9434 continues to be used past this point, subjects display a clear decrease in mood.

**Addendum SCP-9434-1:** Following initial discovery, SCP-9434 has been permitted for use within Foundation animal control as a deterrent for bad behaviour within canine units. This has proven effective despite a notable decrease in the mood of all canines involved.

**Addendum SCP-9434-2:** After previous success in mundane Foundation canine units, use of SCP-9434 has been authorised within specialised intelligent canine unit MTF-Pi-31 ("Backyard's Bane"). After initial results consistent with prior testing, the unit did not begin to show a decrease in mood. Instead, multiple dogs within the unit began attempting to construct a large device out of various toys and obstacles used in training. Increased usage of SCP-9434 has only shown to increase the unit's motivation to build this device. 

Following O5 approval, the decision has been made to throw them a bone, providing various electrical components and other materials that may be helpful for construction. Additionally, usage of SCP-9434 has been authorised to take place once every hour in order to ensure maximum motivation.

**Addendum SCP-9434-3:** The canines have now separated into various dedicated sub teams, each of which is dedicated to a different aspect of construction. These teams all appear to be led by one working cocker spaniel, Lovingly named "Shart" by Foundation personnel after an incident involving Researcher Benson's curry and a plain white wall.  which appears to be barking orders at each team.

During testing of the eighth version of the device, a technical malfunction resulted in a small explosion. No dogs or personnel were injured, however all canines in the engineering unit were congregated nearby at the time of the explosion. This resulted in the sub team being covered in soot. Approximately one quarter of the unit's monthly budget was spent on grooming to amend this mistake.

**Addendum SCP-9434-4:** After multiple weeks of failed experiments, the canines successfully produced a functioning translation device, allowing them to speak English fluently. The canine unit waited for the next use of SCP-9434 before using the device for the first time, educating Foundation personnel on the connotations and meaning behind using SCP-9434, expressing that humans "can't say that". Shart also requested to be referred to as "Charlie" instead. This request has been denied.  

<< [SCP-9433](SCP-9433) | SCP-9434 | [SCP-9435](SCP-9435) >>

> **Name:** CPRileyFace.jpg

> **Author:** Calyponte

> **License:** [*https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ CC BY-SA 3.0]

> **Source Link:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:CPRileyFace.jpg Wikimedia Commons]
