#page-title {

    display: none;

}

====

=====

[!-- Merry Christmas, Guaire! You're a great writer and an excellent friend.

Thanks for everything, and the absolute best of wishes for the new year! --]

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** The Department of Investigation must determine which candidate for SCP-9549 is truly anomalous. Prospective containment protocols for each will be drafted as the investigation proceeds.

@@ @@

**Description:** SCP-9549 is an anomalous location masquerading as SCP Foundation Area-45. There are two facilities presently responding to this designation, both equipped with a Director and small support staff, but Foundation records attest to the construction of only one. Due to a suspicious loss of electronic documentation, it is not known which facility is legitimate and which is not.

Both are situated in the state of California, United States of America: SCP-9549-1 in San Juan Capistrano, SCP-9549-2 in San Francisco.

@@ @@

**Addendum 9549.1, Discovery and Investigation:** SCP-9549 was discovered when a mandatory summons to the quarterly O4 Council was received and declined by two different Directors from two distinct IP addresses. Detective Quinn Roscoe was dispatched to California to investigate; their first meeting was at SCP-9549-1 with its supposed Director, one A. Prado.

@@ @@

*<SCP-9549-1 is a sprawling hacienda on the outskirts of San Capistrano. Its staff are few; an unspeaking man in formal attire bows deeply to Detective Roscoe, and leads them deep into the house.>*

*<Director Prado, a deeply tanned and athletic man of middle age, is seated behind an expansive oak desk. He stands and moves to shake Detective Roscoe's hand as they enter.>*

**Dir. Prado:** Investigator! Welcome to my home. 

**Det. Roscoe:** That's a strange way of putting it. 

*<Director Prado gestures for Detective Roscoe to be seated. They comply, and the Director returns to his own seat.>*

**Dir. Prado:** Don't think less of me. All Directors become proprietorial eventually, and I've been isolated for a good long while to boot. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Isolated? 

**Dir. Prado:** That's right. I was beginning to wonder if the Foundation hadn't forgotten we were here. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Fat chance of that. 

**Dir. Prado:** Of course. 

**Det. Roscoe:** There are, however, some... discrepancies. With our records.

*<Director Prado's expression darkens.>*

**Dir. Prado:** I imagine so. 

**Det. Roscoe:** What year was this facility built? 

**Dir. Prado:** 1919.

**Det. Roscoe:** For what purpose?

**Dir. Prado:** To investigate claims of anomalous troublemakers in the area. Tricksters, ruffians, rogues. The local mythology is full of them. 

**Det. Roscoe:** And you haven't contacted Overwatch since then? 

**Dir. Prado:** Of course we have. It's only... 

*<He frowns.>*

**Dir. Prado:** Are you suggesting you have *no* record of our communications with you? It's only been a year!

**Det. Roscoe:** A year? 

**Dir. Prado:** Yes! We received a classified communique demanding radio silence for the duration of a crisis, and never received the all-clear. We take operational security very seriously around here, investigator. Too many highwaymen and scoundrels about to risk loose lips.

**Det. Roscoe:** I... see. We'll, uh, come back to that later. You've been hiring staff on your own initiative? 

**Dir. Prado:** When needed. We're not a large facility, and we have most of what we need to be getting on with. What our resources can't cover, I pay out of pocket. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Really? 

**Dir. Prado:** Yes. You may audit our books when this conversation ends; you'll find my personal wealth well-documented. 

**Det. Roscoe:** No doubt. Maybe we'll see about getting you reimbursed now that the, ah, blackout has been lifted.

**Dir. Prado:** I'm in no hurry. 

**Det. Roscoe:** That's very generous. 

*<A red light flashes on the Director's desk phone. He presses a button.>*

**Dir. Prado:** Yes?

*<A very gruff voice responds.>*

**Voice:** Is the investigator there, sir? 

**Dir. Prado:** They are. 

**Voice:** Can you ask what they intend to do with that lying, thieving, puffed-up pretender in his stolen castle? Sir? 

**Dir. Prado:** Not how I would have chosen to broach the subject. 

*<He clicks his tongue, and gestures at the telephone.>*

**Dir. Prado:** Investigator Roscoe, this is Deputy Director Iron.

**Det. Roscoe:** Nice to meet... hear. From, you.

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** Detective Roscoe, the situation here has become quite impossible. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Would you like to come to the office and discuss it with us? Assuming the Director doesn't mind. 

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** I'm in the field. All I have to say is this: that so-called Director Fuchs is a traitor, a knave, and just short of a murderer -- with the only missing ingredient being the bravery to put the knife in himself. He *must* be brought to justice if our work here is to continue.

**Det. Roscoe:** I'll take that under advisement, Deputy Director.

*<They shift in their seat, then address Director Prado again.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Sir, how long have you been aware of the second facility? 

**Dir. Prado:** A few months. It started in the summer. Fuchs took up residence in an old decommissioned armory, and started styling himself as Director. Lord knows where he found his personnel. 

**Det. Roscoe:** What does he do? 

**Dir. Prado:** As my Deputy said. He steals things. Interrupts our local supply chain. Embarrasses our agents in the field. He ate one of them last week. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Beg pardon?

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** All but the bones. 

**Det. Roscoe:** I... that was a sudden swerve. I thought you said he wasn't a murderer? 

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** No ~~ though he might as well be ~~ he's merely an opportunist. Agent Simon had tracked him to the cellars of an old theatre, and... perhaps it's best if you hear for yourself.

*<There is a pause, and an audio recording is piped over the telephone.>*

*<Sounds of the creaking of wood, heavy breathing, and footsteps.>*

**Agent Simon:** Director Fuchs?

*<She sneezes.>*

**Dir. Fuchs:** Help!

**Agent Simon:** Where are you? 

**Dir. Fuchs:** Oh, help! Help me! I'm trapped!

**Agent Simon:** I can't see you! 

**Dir. Fuchs:** Up here! 

**Agent Simon:** You're in the ceiling?

**Dir. Fuchs:** I was trying to get away, but I'm too fat! I'm stuck!

**Agent Simon:** Where did you... 

*<Sounds of wood being shifted.>*

**Agent Simon:** I can't even see how you got up there. 

**Dir. Fuchs:** Just pull the boards off! Please! 

**Agent Simon:** Alright, just a second. 

*<Sounds of physical exertion.>*

**Agent Simon:** You must have really wedged yourself in there pretty good. 

**Dir. Fuchs:** You're too kind, agent. 

*<A cacophony, primarily wooden with several music notes interspersed. The recording becomes tinny. Groans of pain.>*

**Dir. Fuchs:** Much too kind. 

*<Padded footsteps.>*

**Dir. Fuchs:** Are you feeling quite well? You look a bit deflated. Am I such a disappointment to you? 

*<The groaning ceases.>*

**Dir. Fuchs:** Ah. Well. 

*<A beat.>*

**Dir. Fuchs:** Waste not, want not. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Jesus. 

**Dir. Prado:** As ungodly an opponent as one could ask for. 

**Det. Roscoe:** How did he trick her?

**Dir. Prado:** He was speaking into the other end of a pipe running through the ceiling. 

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** It was a piano, if you're wondering. From the stage.

**Det. Roscoe:** Hold on. This is a *Director?* A Director is doing this? How does he manage his facility if he's mucking around in the field? 

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** We don't know. 

**Dir. Prado:** We've never been inside. I've never even seen his face. 

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** I have. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Deputy Director?

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** We're... acquainted. From long ago. 

**Det. Roscoe:** So you know for sure that was him? On the tape?

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** It was him. It could only be him. 

**Det. Roscoe:** I thought this place was lousy with criminals. 

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** This is his style. You may take my word for it. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Okay. 

*<They stand.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Well, that's a start. I'll be staying locally; I get the feeling this isn't going to be a brief investigation.

**Dir. Prado:** My people are at your disposal. You might check in with the Chief of Security before retiring.

**Det. Roscoe:** I will do that. Thank you for your assistance, Director. Deputy Director.

**Dir. Prado:** Always pleased to cooperate with the proper authorities. 

**Dep. Dir. Iron:** So long as justice is done. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Right.

@@ @@

**DETECTIVE ROSCOE'S NOTES**

I'm starting to understand how this facility ended up as a rounding error. 

There's maybe two dozen people working here, and they aren't working on much. Just one MTF unit, and the Commander is... Honestly, once we've got all the confusion cleared up, I think this guy needs to lose his job. He was only half-listening when I explained what I'm doing in San Capistrano, and the sum total of help he offered was to set me up with a car and chauffeur. My first impression was "nepo baby," but that can't be right; if he's related to anyone important, we'd never have lost track of this place. 

Iron is still unavailable, too. Nobody seems to know what it means for a Deputy Director to be "in the field."

At any rate, the next order of business was obviously checking out SCP-9549-2. It was a shame to leave San Capistrano for the city traffic, but needs must. 

Most of my complaining about the security chief stems from how that drive went. 

Around the midpoint of our trip, the trunk of the car suddenly popped open. I watched as a man dressed in black combat fatigues and a face mask swung out, and leapt onto the roof. My chauffeur had his hand on the radio when our stowaway reappeared on the hood, and lopped the antenna off with a swing of his sword. 

He was holding a sword. 

At this point, the chauffeur was slowing down. I shouted "Speed up!" He shouted "I can't see!" Which was fair, but he did speed back up regardless.

The man on the hood was laughing. He sat down, rolled over, and with his toes in the wiper well he clawed at the hood latch until it opened. He then swung around to the other side, and I could just make out the point of his sword entering the engine compartment over and over. A variety of colorful fluids sprayed every which way. Our attacker jumped off, twirling his sword idly, as the car sputtered to a stop. 

"Do we open the doors?" asked my chauffeur, but before I could respond ~~ in the negative, obviously ~~ the man in black had approached, and stuck the tip of his sword into the keyhole of my door. A little scrabbling, and the lock popped open. I didn't think it was a good idea to try and lock it again. 

The door opened, and the man in the mask beamed down at me. "*Buenos noches, amigue!* It is very good to make your acquaintance. Pray come and take the evening air with me."

I got out. The highwayman made no threatening gestures, sword dangling at his side, but I had the distinct impression that violence was only one wrong move removed. "Who are you?" I asked him. It almost never gets you anything worthwhile, but almost never isn't. 

"You do not know?" He clicked his tongue. "That is a shame. You should have done your research before coming to San Capistrano. I will endeavor to educate you. But first, I will take your clothing."

He left us our underwear, at least. He also stripped the car of everything electronic, and most of the fabric, stuffing it all into a carpet bag which we'd also apparently been carrying in the trunk. Worst of all, he took my files ~~ not that they were very far advanced yet ~~ and my tablet computer, which at least was encrypted. Then he slashed our tires, walked a little ways into the desert, and whistled very loudly. 

He turned back to us, grinning, and said: "Your people will be along shortly. Give my respects to the Don, and tell him he ought to reconsider his wastrel son's mode of employment. Until we meet again!" Then he jumped back up on the hood, slashed at the windscreen, and leapt onto a white horse which came tearing around the nearest rise. In a moment, they were gone. 

The chauffeur cleared his throat, and asked: 'Was that Batman?"

"I don't think so," I said, staring at the jagged 'Z' our attacker had etched into the glass.

@@ @@

Area-45 dispatched a replacement vehicle, and replacement wardrobes, for Detective Roscoe and their chauffeur. MTF Commander Prado.That explains the crack about the Director's son -- Det. Roscoe  promised to investigate the robbery while the Detective proceeded to SCP-9549-2 as originally planned.

On arriving at San Francisco, Detective Roscoe received the following message via SCiPnet:

@@ @@

To the illustrious Investigator, welcome! 

I regret that my castle is at present unfit for hosting visitors -- drafts, leakage, unruly neighbors, &c; but I should very much like to meet with you and sort these trifling matters out. If you are amenable, an agent of mine will meet you at Rochelle's in the Upper Market within the hour. I'm certain we can clear up any misunderstanding, and resume friendly relations with the mother organization.

-- Director Fuchs 

@@ @@

Detective Roscoe proceeded to the indicated location. 

@@ @@

*<The interior of Rochelle's is dimly lit, and the restaurant is populated with individuals in a variety of formal and businesswear. A well-built man in business casualwear is waiting for Detective Roscoe, and flags them over to his table. He has already been eating.>*

**Man:** Greetings, *señor.*

**Det. Roscoe:** *Amigue,* if you please.

**Man:** I am Commander Ramon, Deputy Director of Area-45.

**Det. Roscoe:** I've met someone else who claims the same.

*<Commander Ramon chuckles deeply.>*

**Comm. Ramon:** And terrible things about my Director, no doubt. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Extremely terrible, in point of fact. 

**Comm. Ramon:** They are expert liars. That is how they have fooled the people of San Capistrano for so many years. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Fooled them how? 

**Comm. Ramon:** They have stolen our authority, our identities, everything. A more hideous den of thieves you will never see. 

**Det. Roscoe:** You make it sound more like a cantina than a casa. 

*<A beat.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** No? Alright. I was hoping to meet with Director Fuchs in person. 

*<Commander Ramon shakes his head.>*

**Comm. Ramon:** The Director is a very busy man. 

*<A man laughs, very loudly, across the restaurant.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** This is an official investigation. 

**Comm. Ramon:** His business is official also.

**Det. Roscoe:** Then I'll have to ask you to answer for him. What of these claims that he preys on the people of this city, and interferes with Foundation operations? 

*<The ambient sounds of the restaurant increase in pitch and volume slightly.>*

**Comm. Ramon:** The guilty casting blame. They are the true predators. The Don--

**Det. Roscoe:** You mean Director Prado? 

**Comm. Ramon:** I will not call him that. The Don is little more than an old criminal with aspirations he will not live to achieve. And his son--

*<A sharp crack. Commander Ramon leaps to his feet, as Detective Roscoe looks around in alarm.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** What's going on? 

*<Several more sharp cracks. The sound of shattering glass. Commander Ramon draws a concealed service weapon, and crouches behind the table.>*

**Comm. Ramon:** Oh, no. Not this. 

*<Detective Roscoe stands, knocking over their chair. They run to the other side of the table, squinting through the smoky restaurant. There are scuffles occurring in every corner.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Not *what?*

*<A rattle of gunfire, and every bottle behind the bar explodes.>*

**Comm. Ramon:** We should go. 

*<He grabs Detective Roscoe and pulls them toward the back of the restaurant. The individuals in business suits have now organized according to fashion, and are wielding a variety of weapons, pointed at members of the other groups. The entire establishment has erupted into violence, and the staff are cowering.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** What's happening?!

**Comm. Ramon:** I should have recognized...

*<A bullet grazes Detective Roscoe's temple, and they fall to the floor, dazed. Commander Ramon grabs them, hauls them up, and forces them towards a portholed door.>*

**Comm. Ramon:** Through the kitchen, *señor.*

*<The kitchen staff have already vacated into a lounge at the back. Commander Ramon checks the door; it is locked. A hail of bullets enters the kitchen from the service window, striking a pot of simmering tortilla soup and splashing Detective Roscoe's jacket. They moan as Commander Ramon squeezes off several shots in response, then violently shoves them up onto a sink counter.>*

**Comm. Ramon:** The window!

*<He hurriedly throws up the sash, and shoves Detective Roscoe again.>*

**Comm. Ramon:** Go!

*<Detective Roscoe wriggles through the window, but the sash comes down on their backside. They are trapped. They look up to see the man in black, now wearing a Cordovan hat, still wearing a grin.>*

*<He punches Detective Roscoe in the face, then reaches down to deactivate the body camera.>*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

*<The camera resumes recording as Detective Roscoe stirs awake. They are sitting in a dusty basement room outfitted with rustic wood furniture; their singed jacket has been neatly folded on the table.>*

*<The Detective's attacker enters through a low door on the far wall. He is still masked, though the hat is again gone.>*

**Highwayman:** Are you well-rested, *amigue?*

**Det. Roscoe:** You knocked me out! 

*<The highwayman raises his hands in a gesture of innocence.>*

**Highwayman:** I rescued you from a stressful situation! You needed the chance to calm down, so that we might speak.

**Det. Roscoe:** You kidnapped me! 

**Highwayman:** I do not like the idea of speaking in a cell.

*<Detective Roscoe scoffs.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Okay. Fine. We're talking. I'll start. 

**Highwayman:** Excellent. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Where's your hat? 

**Highwayman:** The hat is no good for stealth. It occasions more comment than it used to. I keep it for special occasions only now. 

*<The highwayman's eyes narrow.>*

**Highwayman:** You know who I am, then. 

**Det. Roscoe:** I'd feel ridiculous saying it. 

*<Detective Roscoe mimes slicing a 'Z' in the air with their forefinger.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** The Fox.

*<The Fox —* El Zorro *-- claps.>*

**El Zorro:** Quite so! It is an honor to be properly acquainted. And now, perhaps, we can help one another. 

**Det. Roscoe:** You're a thief. 

**El Zorro:** A thief on the side of justice. If you know me, you know that. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Maybe I'm not on the side of justice. 

**El Zorro:** But you think you are. Most do. 

*<He pauses.>*

**El Zorro:** You are not surprised to see me.

*<Det. Roscoe snorts.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** This isn't [ my first pataphysical rodeo](arsene-lupin-vs-the-scp-foundation-hub ). I probably know more about why you exist than you do. So what help can you provide me? 

*<El Zorro picks up a chair from the table, turns it around and straddles it, facing Detective Roscoe.>*

**El Zorro:** There is another Fox in California, one who dishonors that name. You are campaigning against him, I believe. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Fuchs? I haven't even met him. I was speaking with his Deputy when--

**El Zorro:** --when a very convenient altercation occurred, injuring and embarrassing you greatly, yes?

**Det. Roscoe:** ...yes. Hmm.

**El Zorro:** Specifically, when armed representatives of Marshall, Carter and Dark encountered their opposite numbers from the Chicago Spirit -- both parties visiting to secure the local vintages for their respective establishments.

**Det. Roscoe:** I... what? I didn't know that.

**El Zorro:** And who arranged your presence at that place, that time? 

*<Det. Roscoe sighs, and nods.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** I get the picture.

*<El Zorro lifts a finger in warning.>*

**El Zorro:** He is wily. You cannot trust him. Assume everything he speaks is a lie crafted to destroy you. 

**Det. Roscoe:** I need to actually meet him if I'm going to prepare my report. 

*<El Zorro cocks his head.>*

**El Zorro:** And this report, it will favour the Don?

**Det. Roscoe:** From what I can see, that version of 45 would appear to be the real one. Yes. But I don't have enough evidence yet. As long as the other Director's safe in his foxhole...

*<A beat.>*

**El Zorro:** Yes?

**Det. Roscoe:** I've just had a terrible idea.

@@ @@

Detective Roscoe requested the deployment of MTF Epsilon-11 ("Nine-Tailed Fox") to handle incursion into, and the securing of, SCP-9549-2 in the North Bay area of San Francisco.

@@ @@

*<SCP-9549-2 is a large, crenellated sandstone fortress rising up in the midst of an otherwise residential neighbourhood. MTF Epsilon-11 easily breach the tall gates, approaching the heavy iron-banded front doors.>*

*<A voice is projected from somewhere above, matching the one on Deputy Director Iron's recording.>*

**Dir. Fuchs:** Good investigator! You received my summons! 

**Det. Roscoe:** I did not!

**Dir. Fuchs:** But you answered, anyway. Won't you come in and partake of my hospitality? 

**Det. Roscoe:** I was intending to batter the doors down. 

**Dir. Fuchs:** Oh, there's no need for violence. I will come quietly.

**Det. Roscoe:** It wouldn't do you any good to attempt otherwise. My friends here are very adept at securing rogue anomalies. 

**Dir. Fuchs:** I'm beyond thrilled to hear it. You really are the answer to all my prayers. Enter! Cross my threshold! Be welcome! 

*<Captain Bloch of MTF Epsilon-11 approaches Detective Roscoe. She taps them on the shoulder.>*

**Cpt. Bloch:** We're coming with you. 

**Det. Roscoe:** God damn right you're coming with me. And you're going *first.*

 *<Epsilon-11 pass through the front doors, entering into the facility with Detective Roscoe in train.>*

*<The interior is no more ornate than the exterior, and a variety of narrow tunnels run off from the entrance hall in every direction.>*

*<Epsilon-11 splits into several smaller squads to explore the facility more effectively, remaining in radio contact. Several minutes of travel suggests that the entire castle is a warren of switchbacks and blind alleys.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Already it's a maze in here. 

**Dir. Fuchs:** Would you like directions? I *am* the Director, after all.

**Det. Roscoe:** No, thank you. We can find the bear traps and bottomless pits all on our own. 

**Dir. Fuchs:** What a tremendous sense of humor you do have. 

*<An alarm sounds.>*

**Dir. Fuchs:** You'll need it. 

**Det. Roscoe:** And there it is.

*<Captain Bloch's radio activates.>*

**Agent Fehr:** Sentry reporting. Your egress is blocked.

*<The lights go out.>*

**Detective Roscoe:** It isn't very noble to keep your guests in the dark.

**Dir. Fuchs:** You're perfectly right. Where are my manners?

*<Red lights flash in the tunnels.>*

**Electronic Voice:** CONTAINMENT BREACH ALERT. CONTAINMENT BREACH ALERT.

**Det. Roscoe:** Stalling isn't going to help you! 

**Dir. Fuchs:** Who's stalling?

*<A klaxon sounds.>*

**Dir. Fuchs:** As I said, I'm very glad you came.

*<An agent cries out: "Contact!">*

*<Several things happen simultaneously. Bulkheads slam down throughout the castle, further separating the members of Epsilon-11. A large number of men and women in a variety of period dress, armed with firearms and bladed weapons, appear from every direction to engage the bewildered operatives. A man in a white wolf skin seizes on Detective Roscoe's pant leg, and begins biting through it.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Bad dog! Man!

**White Wolf:** Death to the oppressors!

*<Detective Roscoe kicks him in the face. The White Wolf attempts to gnaw the toe of their boot, then suddenly yelps and stumbles back.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** God bless OSHA.

*<They kick at the White Wolf with their steel toes again, and he scurries into the darkness with a growl.>*

**Cpt. Bloch:** This is a distraction.

*<She thumbs her radio.>*

**Cpt. Bloch:** Engage at will!

**Dir. Fuchs:** Do keep an eye on your purses.

**Cpt. Bloch:** Gonna make me a fox-fur purse.

**Dir. Fuchs:** Best of luck to you. 

**Cpt. Bloch:** Detective, you lot, with me. 

*<At every turn, the diminished party is confronted by folklore heroes brandishing weapons. Many are wearing detainee uniforms over or under their traditional costumes.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Fuchs!

**Dir. Fuchs:** Investigator! 

**Det. Roscoe:** You let your anomalies loose?!

**Dir. Fuchs:** What an accusation! For shame! What kind of a Director would I be if I did that! 

**Det. Roscoe:** No kind of Director! 

**Dir. Fuchs:** No less than Prado is, mind you. 

**Cpt. Bloch:** Do we withdraw? 

**Det. Roscoe:** No! We're not leaving without him. Can we get a bead?

*<Agent Roper spies a niche with electrical equipment. She pulls a toolkit from her belt and gets to work.>*

**Agent Roper:** Tracing comms now.

*<A figure in a black hat, black mask and black leathers appears at the far end of the corridor, firing a pistol and whooping.>*

**Deadwood Dick:** You'll not box *these* blaggards and bumpkins, you stone-souled sods!

*<The small party shelters in the niche. Agent Roper is down, and receiving medical attention from the medic.>*

*<Captain Bloch turns to Agent Chin.>*

**Cpt. Bloch:** Left leg.

*<Agent Chin leans into the corridor and fires. A bullet strikes the target in his thigh. He swears, and retreats around the nearest corner.>*

*<Captain Bloch confers with her wounded agent, then turns to Detective Roscoe.>*

**Cpt. Bloch:** This way. 

*<Leaving Agent Chin to cover their retreat, Captain Bloch and Detective Roscoe proceed deeper into the fortress. Shouts and gunfire echo through the passages, and the Captain issues frequent orders over her radio.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** He's not even in here, is he.

*<A man in Revolutionary French fancy dress, with a red flower on his breast and a mask on his face, brandishes a sword at Captain Bloch.>*

**Scarlet Pimpernel:** I'll not have you send my lord to an early grave. 

**Det. Roscoe:** But he's an asshole!

**Scarlet Pimpernel:** And you are uncouth. 

**Det. Roscoe:** This isn't France. We don't have the guillotine. 

**Cpt. Bloch:** We've still got the electric chair. 

**Det. Roscoe:** He didn't need to know that! 

**Scarlet Pimpernel:** *En guarde,* fiends! 

*<Captain Bloch opens fire. The Pimpernel dodges ~~ the bullet ripping the fabric of his left suit shoulder ~~ and thrusts his blade at the Captain, who staggers back.>*

**Cpt. Bloch:** Get out, Detective.

**Det. Roscoe:** But--

*<The Pimpernel strikes again, pressing his blade into the Captain's vest. She crashes into the wall, winded.>*

**Cpt. Bloch:** Go!

@@ @@

Director Fuchs was not located at SCP-9549-2.

@@ @@

**Things I Saw After Escaping SCP-9549-2, In Chronological Order**

by Detective Quinn Roscoe

* MTF Epsilon-11 ("Nine Tailed Fox") regrouping, assessing casualties, and preparing multiple captured anomalies for transport; 

* Transport motorcade travelling on the Bay Bridge;

* One of the trucks suddenly veering into another, in a sideswipe;

* The driver of the first truck leaping from the passenger side door and entering the second truck; 

* It's fucking Zorro;

* The driver of the second truck tossed into the first truck;

* A whip cracking from the second truck to the first, removing the ignition key so that the vehicle coasts to a stop; 

* Armed agents in the third truck pulling alongside the second, attempting to get a clear shot;

* The rear door of the second truck opening, and Zorro jumping out onto the hood of a disguised Area-45 security car; 

* Anomalies escaping the first truck, and scattering;

* A battering ram being thrown from the back of the second truck, and Zorro catching it; 

* Zorro breaking the car's windshield;

* An agent opening fire, and Zorro twisting out of the way; 

* The tranquilizer dart striking the car's driver;

* The escapees from the first truck hijacking civilian vehicles on the other side of the road;

* Zorro sliding through the windshield, gently pushing the unconscious driver into the passenger seat; 

* The remaining anomalies exiting the second truck onto the hood of the car; 

* Zorro returning to the second truck; 

* The second truck veering into the third, pushing it into the guardrail; 

* Zorro swinging out of the driver's side window, and clambering onto the roof of his truck; 

* The chase car taking an offramp;

* Zorro producing his hat, clapping it to his head, and saluting me with his sword;

* Zorro leaping from the roof of his truck, onto the roof of the other, then over the edge of the freeway and into the bay; 

* The lines on my palms.

@@ @@

Detective Roscoe immediately returned to Area-45 to discuss matters further with Director Prado.

@@ @@

*<The Director is waiting in an open arena toward the back of the hacienda, where he has apparently just finished fencing. His partner leaves through a side exit as Detective Roscoe approaches.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** I am officially fed up with all of you. 

**Dir. Prado:** How official are we talking? 

**Det. Roscoe:** This transcript is going in the file. 

*<Dir. Prado strips off his fencing gloves, and hands them to his silent assistant.>*

**Dir. Prado:** Very official, then. What is your grievance, investigator? 

**Det. Roscoe:** You're not a real Director. 

**Dir. Prado:** Am I not? 

**Det. Roscoe:** No. You're not. Because this isn't a real facility. It really is just your house. 

**Dir. Prado:** What would you call a building which houses dangerous anomalies? 

**Det. Roscoe:** That depends on whether they're captured, or living there. 

**Dir. Prado:** Captured. We have several legitimate SCP objects under lock and key within these walls. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Like what? 

**Dir. Prado:** Simon Legree, who owned Uncle Tom. Jay Gatsby. We even have a cell picked out for Mr. Potter, once the rights finally get worked out.

**Det. Roscoe:** I'm detecting a trend.

**Dir. Prado:** I told you we have a problem with bandits. You didn't ask me to specify what sort.

**Det. Roscoe:** You've got plenty of the other sort, too.

**Dir. Prado:** *La Adelita,* the spirit of the Mexican Revolution. Hua Mulan. Dick Turpin. Perhaps I don't think of them as a problem. 

**Det. Roscoe:** But you wouldn't, then, would you? Don Alejandro Vega?

*<A beat.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Where's your son? Pretending to mismanage his MTFs, or sleeping off his adventure on the freeway?

*<Don Alejandro looks meaningfully at the exit.>*

**Don Alejandro:** How did you figure it out? 

**Det. Roscoe:** *The Curse of Capistrano.* Zorro always knows where the police are going, because his alter ego asks them. This was that, with fewer steps.

**Don Alejandro:** He is always learning, that one. 

**Det. Roscoe:** You must be very proud.

**Don Alejandro:** I am. I know for a fact that you will not be able to dislodge us from this place, our home, while he protects us. Not without attracting undue attention. 

**Det. Roscoe:** What would you suggest, then? 

**Don Alejandro:** Leave us to our devices.

**Det. Roscoe:** I can't do that. 

**Don Alejandro:** You're worried about your henhouses? Then reduce the fox population by one. 

**Det. Roscoe:** But which one? 

**Don Alejandro:** Whichever one you think you can, I suppose.

*<He smiles.>*

**Don Alejandro:** Do you know what Area-45 was, Detective? Originally?

**Det. Roscoe:** No.

**Don Alejandro:** It was an embezzlement scheme. 

*<A beat.>*

**Don Alejandro:** Never constructed, never supplied. The money all poured into one man's accounts, and he set himself up nicely in this comfortable house. 

**Det. Roscoe:** There's no way that would work.

**Don Alejandro:** Before computers? It worked just fine. When I arrived...

*<Don Alejandro smiles.>*

**Don Alejandro:** He was a tyrant and a criminal. I dismantled what he'd built in a month, and took his scheme for my own. 

**Det. Roscoe:** To steal from the Foundation.

**Don Alejandro:** But not enrich myself. What you have, you have no right to. It's a noble calling, harassing your ilk. Your power is *illicit.*

**Det. Roscoe:** Oh, come off it. You're a nobleman, and so is Fuchs.

**Don Alejandro:** We are not defined by what we have, but what we do with it.

**Det. Roscoe:** Sure, you keep telling yourself that. How does your opposite number fit into this equation, anyway?

*<Don Alejandro snuffs disdainfully.>*

**Don Alejandro:** Fuchs can smell opportunity. He knew my authority was an act, and he supposed he could play the part just as well, if only I were out of the picture. He rounded up the other rogues, one by one, in preparation for his coup.

*<Don Vega smiles cruelly.>*

**Don Alejandro:** But he didn't reckon on El Zorro.

**Det. Roscoe:** Neither did you. 

*<Don Alejandro frowns.>*

**Don Alejandro:** Meaning? 

**Det. Roscoe:** You'll Z.

*<Detective Roscoe heads out of the courtyard. They stop, and wrinkle their nose.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Sounded better in my head.

@@ @@

Acting on suspicions acquired during the research phase of their investigation, Detective Roscoe arranged for a private meeting between the two Deputy Directors at a neutral location: a Foundation safehouse on the West Side Freeway, halfway between San Capistrano and San Francisco.

@@ @@

*<Commander Ramon is already seated in the safehouse when Detective Roscoe enters. Deputy Director Irons is standing; he is a massive anthropomorphic wolf.>*

**Detective Roscoe:** ...oh.

**Comm. Ramon:** That is what I said, *señor.*

*<Detective Roscoe extends a tentative hand. Irons stares down at it, snarling, until it is withdrawn.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Isengrim, I presume.

*<They slap their forehead.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Oh. Iron. *Right.*

**Isengrim:** Have we met? 

**Detective Roscoe:** No, but I did skim Goethe's version of *Reynard the Fox.*

*<Isengrim snorts.>*

**Isengrim:** Of course my nephew the rogue has his own name on our story. Full as it is with his revolting exploits. 

**Det. Roscoe:** They literally renamed foxes, all foxes, after him. He's a little bit famous.

**Isengrim:** Infamous, more like.

**Det. Roscoe:** And you must be... well, *Ramon.* Most afflicted of the *policia* by the Curse of Capistrano himself. 

*<Ramon scowls.>*

**Ramon:** The same. Though that Curse would seem to have fallen on you and yours, now, as well. 

*<Detective Roscoe shrugs.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** I'm sure he'll be back to robbing your riches as soon as we leave. 

*<Isengrim's hackles rise.>*

**Isengrim:** You're leaving? You haven't yet brought that revolting miscreant to justice! 

*<Ramon is livid. He slams a fist on the table in front of him.>*

**Ramon:** Or that impertinent highwayman! 

*<Detective Roscoe shrugs.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** What can we do? And what *should* we do, given that your masters are primarily a danger to each other? 

*<A beat.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Gentlemen? And... beasts?

*<Isengrim glances at Ramon.>*

**Isengrim:** We resolved to tell them. 

*<Ramon nods easily.>*

**Ramon:** And tell them we will.

*<He glances up at Detective Roscoe with a forced smile.>*

**Ramon:** Our masters are not in conflict. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Oh?

**Isengrim:** They colluded to bring you here. 

**Det. Roscoe:** For what?

**Ramon:** Your embarrassment, and their enrichment.

*<Detective Roscoe scoffs.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** They can't possibly expect to win a fight with the Foundation.

**Isengrim:** Not in the long term. But they are adaptable. When my nephew, and the Don, and his son tire of this game, they will abscond. And you will not find them again, unless they want you to. 

**Det. Roscoe:** And you don't want that. 

*<Ramon bristles.>*

**Ramon:** I despise the man Zorro with every inch of my pride.

*<Isengrim bares his fangs.>*

**Isengrim:** I want nothing more than to be avenged on my faithless kin.

**Det. Roscoe:** Did he really kill and eat that agent? 

**Ramon:** What? 

**Isengrim:** Badly injured. I invented the additional details. 

*<Ramon glares up at Isengrim.>*

**Ramon:** You savage.

**Det. Roscoe:** You're one to talk. 

*<Ramon narrows his eyes.>*

**Ramon:** What do you mean by that? 

**Det. Roscoe:** Isengrim, I assume you lifted that detail from what Reynard did to your chickens. 

*<Isengrim nods.>*

**Isengrim:** Just so. And the sullying of my fair wife's virtue.

**Det. Roscoe:** Something the matter, Ramon?

*<Ramon is looking at his hands.>*

**Ramon:** Please, *señor.*

**Det. Roscoe:** *Amigue,* I told you. Several times.

*<They turn to Isengrim again.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** I think he's a little antsy, because he knows *I know* he tried to ravish Zorro's lover.

**Isengrim:** You *what.*

**Ramon:** I can explain! 

**Isengrim:** You WHAT?! The lovely maiden Purido? You would DARE?!

*<Ramon stands, knocking his chair aside, one hand up in a defensive posture, the other reaching for his belt.>*

**Ramon:** IT WAS JUST A STORY!

*<Isengrim leaps on Ramon. In an instant, the policeman is torn to shreds and disemboweled. His remains coat the floor, the table, and part of the walls.>*

**Isengrim:** Are you well?

*<Detective Roscoe is retching in the corner.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** I... was not. Expecting. That.

**Isengrim:** I can't imagine why. What did you think I was going to do? 

**Det. Roscoe:** Tell Zorro?

**Isengrim:** Well, I'm still going to do that, obviously. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Good. 

*<Detective Roscoe forces themself to their feet.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** Good. 

**Isengrim:** Do you want me to drive you anywhere? 

*<Detective Roscoe takes a step back.>*

**Det. Roscoe:** No! No. I'm good. 

**Isengrim:** I could clean my jaws. 

**Det. Roscoe:** It's fine. 

**Isengrim:** Okay. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Okay then.

@@ @@

The remainder of Detective Roscoe's containment plan was set in motion in the succeeding days. In lieu of their final report (still pending), the following is a summary conversation between the Detective and a colleague in the Department of Investigation.

@@ @@

**Det. Roscoe:** I saw Reynard the Fox for the first time before I left California. It shouldn't surprise you to hear that he really is a fox.

**C.A.D.:** And what was he doing? 

**Det. Roscoe:** Hiding in a tree from Zorro.

**C.A.D.:** Ah. Exit stage left.

**Det. Roscoe:** Not quite. Zorro was hiding from Milady de Winter. Reynard promised her D'Artagnan's heart if she gave his enemy the kiss of death. I'm not sure which of those things is metaphorical, if any. 

**C.A.D.:** So, a stalemate then? 

**Det. Roscoe:** That's right. Don Alejandro wouldn't permit his son to strike against Reynard while he thought the deal was on, but when he found out Ramon was working for the other side, all bets were off. The Vegas hate corrupt policemen more than anything. And since Isengrim killed his nephew's deputy...

**C.A.D.:** They won't be making peace any time soon. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Here's hoping. I think, all told, I arranged a pretty neat trick on the tricksters.

**C.A.D.:** I'm not sure I completely grasp your containment solution here. 

**Det. Roscoe:** They were both trying to mess with the Foundation. Now they're messing with each other instead. 

**C.A.D.:** But they're still at large. And I don't buy for a second the idea that they're uncontainable.

**Det. Roscoe:** The disruption is minimal if we leave them alone. They'll be laser-focused now. We're just background noise to them. If we step in again, it's liable to be even more high-profile than the bridge incident. 

**C.A.D.:** I just don't know. It feels... incomplete. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Look, this is the best way I can explain it: it's pataphysics. These are fictional forces in conflict. The way you deal with them is, you drive them to something that's passable as a conclusion. I've seen plenty of episodes of *Star Trek* where they do that. Handwave a vague solution, shrug in mild embarrassment, fly into the sunset, job done. Story over.

**C.A.D.:** You never saw any of the movies, then. 

**Det. Roscoe:** What do you mean? 

**C.A.D.:** You really do need to broaden your media horizons, friend, if you're going to keep dealing with fictional foes. But look. I think you should at the very least propose a *true* solution, for the file, even if you don't think it's viable or necessary. Call it due diligence. 

**Det. Roscoe:** Well. I do have one, actually. 

**C.A.D.:** Yes?

**Det. Roscoe:** We could open a third Area-45, to keep an eye on the other two.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9548](SCP-9548) | SCP-9549 | [SCP-9550](SCP-9550) >>

=====

> **Filename:** brogue.jpg

> **Name:** Mission San Juan Capistrano

> **Author:** Lordkinbote

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=342611)

This article is based partially on *The Curse of Capistrano* by Johnston McCulley, 1919, in the public domain, and *Reinecke Fuchs* by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, 1794, in the public domain.

References are made to *The Three Musketeers* by Alexandre Dumas, 1844; *The Scarlet Pimpernel* by Baroness Orczy, 1905; *Le Loup Blanc* by Paul Féval, père, 1843; and *Deadwood Dick, the Prince of the Road* by Edward Lytton Wheeler, 1877, all in the public domain.

=====
