=====

=====

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:scp-trans-pride">:scp-wiki:theme:scp-trans-pride</a> |trans-pride-logo= ~~] |trans-pride-footer= ~~]]]

**Item #:** SCP-9203

**Object Class:** Epicurus

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9203 is contained within a locked room at all times. As it does not need to eat, sleep, drink, defecate, or urinate and is not a citizen of the United States, most containment amenities are unnecessary.

Due to the nature of SCP-9203’s anomalous properties, it is contained willingly and abides by a contract it has signed with the Site-19 administration. This contract has been written on parchment and signed in blood as per the entity’s request. The salient points are as follows:

* A single member of personnel is to visit it on a biweekly basis. This individual is not to be repeated except by request. (See below.)

* SCP-9203 is to be provided with a subscription to *Playgirl* Magazine.

* SCP-9203 is to be provided with three buckets of virginal goat blood once every four days, for bathing purposes.

* Personnel are to provide and play board games of SCP-9203’s choosing on at least a weekly basis.

Negotiations are under way to convince SCP-9203 to use its anomalous traits in service of military operations.

**Description:** Discovered in Whistlebay, Wyoming in 1992 following a number of sightings and reports of kidnappings by the entity. Moved to Site-19 following negotiations.

SCP-9203 is an anomalous morbidly obese female humanoid with a height of 6 feet 3 inches. SCP-9203 has mottled green skin, 6 arms,Each with a different number of fingers, ranging from 3 to 12. 3 eyes, and a large fleshy conical protuberance on its head. SCP-9203 has been taught crude English by Special Collections Program staff, although its native language is believed to be a form of corrupted Old Church Slavonic.

SCP-9203 has featured in a number of urban legends in Whistlebay and was referred to by the locals as “The Whistlebay Witch”. These stories date back to the 1800s, although SCP-9203 activity has only been confirmed as early as 04/12/1992 when Amber Hearth, a local cashier, was kidnapped by the entity and held within the abandoned Wizard Games Emporium, a local gaming store that closed in 1989.

The following anomalous properties have been confirmed of SCP-9203:

* SCP-9203 is capable of teleportation.

* SCP-9203 is capable of compelling individuals to approach it from within a 70 feet radius.

* SCP-9203 is capable of spontaneously generating objects and in most cases uses this to generate art or game supplies.

* SCP-9203 is capable of inducing a state of paralysis for at least 150 hours. While under the effects of this, subjects have testified that they remain conscious.

* SCP-9203 has some degree of knowledge of the future. Anomaly has exhibited this characteristic several times, most notably by being familiar with rule sets of board games that had not yet released or been announced.

When provided with a human, SCP-9203 will compel the individual to pose their body in various ways and then remain motionless before beginning to sculpt out of clay a small figurine and then paint it, creating an extremely detailed model of the subject before releasing them. This process tends to take 3-4 days, depending on the subject. While engaging in figurine painting, SCP-9203 will be unresponsive to other stimuli and prefers not to be disturbed. It has a large collection of figurines, of which 30% are Program staff, 2% are Whistlebay inhabitants, and the remaining are unidentified.

SCP-9203 is an avid enjoyer of board games, with a particular fondness for miniature wargames. The vast majority of its conversation is related to this topic. It has multiple games running with Program staff on their off-nights, as per the containment contract.

**Addendum One:** On 02/13/2003, Catherine Lake, who was kidnapped by SCP-9203 on 06/21/1992, died in a car crash. The Department of Publicity was dispatched for clean-up operations when it was discovered that her body was made of clay by the coroner. SCP-9203 has refused to comment.

<< [SCP-9202](SCP-9202) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9204](SCP-9204) >>
