=====

=====

:root {

 --header-subtitle: 'Department of Architecture' !important;

 --accentColor: 74, 109, 229;

 --altAccentColor: 206, 216, 247;

 ~~rating-module-button-color: var(~~accentColor);

}

**SCP-9173:** Seawalls

**9k CON ENTRY**

**By **

~5.4k words

**Item #:** SCP-9173

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** Provisional Site-90 has been constructed around SCP-9173 to conceal its existence. Any and all civilians are to be kept a minimum of 100 meters from SCP-9173 at all times, under the pretence of construction work. Anomalous items and personnel, including those pregnant and/or those having undergone gender-affirming surgery, are not to come within 200 meters of SCP-9173 unless explicit Level 4 approval is given. All personnel working closely with SCP-9173 are to undergo remote medical check-ups on a monthly basis.

SCP-9173-A's range is to be recorded semihourly with the use of Kant counters located throughout Site-90. Abnormalities in SCP-9173-A's range and the corresponding SCP-9173-A-1 events are to be identified and, if possible, predicted by MTF Upsilon-2 ("Where's Waldo?") with the aid of Eunomia.aic and logged immediately. All Foundation response teams activated for anomalous events are to be notified if SCP-9173-A-1 events are imminent in their area. Should SCP-9173-A-1 events threaten to breach the Veil, appropriate containment measures are to be undertakenSee Document Upsilon-2/9173_6..

**Description:** SCP-9173 is a solid granite statue carved in the likeness of former O5-█, [REDACTED]. It is located in ███████████, Galveston City, Texas, USA, and was first unveiled on 4 July 1857, in commemoration of [REDACTED]'s role in the American Revolution. SCP-9173 measures 3.5 meters tall, with a pedestal measuring 0.6 meters on each side. To date, all attempts to damage SCP-9173 for the purpose of collecting samples have failed, presumably due to the influence of SCP-9173-A.

SCP-9173's primary anomalous property is the constant projection of an intense reality-manipulation effect (SCP-9173-A) in a roughly 30–130 meter radius around itself. SCP-9173-A's range is non-uniform, being diminished over space by the presence of spiritual and physical barriers (e.g. leylines and concrete walls, respectively), as well as shrinking over time at a rate of 1 meter per day, with large expansions on dates of observed significance (e.g. the Foundation's centennial anniversary, which saw a mean 100 meter increase in radius).

SCP-9173-A is wavelike, alternating between two distinct phases with a frequency of 40,000 Hz. The first phase is a sudden and variable decrease in Hume levels (i.e. a decrease in reality), the magnitude of which directly corresponds to distance from SCP-9173. The second phase is a reversal of the first, graduallyRelative to the first phase. increasing Hume levels (i.e. increasing reality) until a standard of 0.8–1.3 HumesBaseline reality is typically within this range. is reached. During this secondary phase, SCP-9173-A additionally makes modifications to reality, generally towards imposing an ideal of "normality" (See attached addendums for examples).

SCP-9173's secondary anomalous property is the sporadic projection of SCP-9173-A beyond its typical range (SCP-9173-A-1). SCP-9173-A-1 events are always preceded by a decrease in SCP-9173-A range generally corresponding to the product of the straight-line distance from SCP-9173 to the event and the scale of the eventVariables defining scale include but are not limited to: the size of the event area, the amount of change imposed, and the number of people present in the event area. Refer to Document Upsilon-2/9173_1 for more details.. SCP-9173-A-1 events typically follow a seemingly random distribution, but in moments with large deviations from "normality", SCP-9173-A-1 events become 10–30x more likely to occur. This has proven exceedingly useful on several occasions in preventing breaches of the Veil.

**Addendum 9173.1:** Below is a log of the most notable SCP-9173-A-1 events from Foundation requisition of SCP-9173 in 1872 to SCP-9173's reclassification in 1915.

**Date:** 22 March 1877

**Prior circumstances:** A reality bender begins causing significant property damage and loss of life in London. Casualties reach approximately 30,000.

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** SCP-9173-A range shrinks by █ meters, alerting Site-90 personnel, who broadcast a warning to all activated response teams. Activated response teams subsequently change mission directives from the prevention of further destruction to the apprehension of evacuees. 

The expected SCP-9173-A-1 event occurs over the entirety of London, neutralising the reality bender and reversing all property damage, as well as reverting the memory of all survivors within its area of effect. The reality bender is found to have been terminated on site from multiple stab wounds by an unknown assailant before containment could be achieved.

@@@@

**Date:** 9 January 1891

**Prior circumstances:** Since 1801, the Foundation has received multiple reports of a "behemoth shark with the tentacles of a kraken and the claws of a lobster" attacking and sinking vessels in the North Atlantic Ocean, but had been unable to triangulate a precise location to search. New rumors of an attack on a ship by a large marine creature matching this description prompts investigation by the Foundation.

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** SCP-9173-A range shrinks by █ meters, but no event is identified by the Foundation at the time. 

Foundation agents trace the rumors to and interrogate sailors working on French ocean liner, *La Touraine*, whom describe a typical attack until the instantaneous disappearance of the creature and the instantaneous repair of all damage inflicted on the liner. This was identified as an SCP-9173-A-1 event based on the timeline and general location. As routine, the rumours are discredited, and the two deceased are reported to have died as a result of a tragic accident, with compensation offered to the families. No further reports of similar marine creatures are received.

---

**Note:** This was the first occasion in which the SCP-9173-A-1 event did not revert the memories of survivors. At least thirteen other occasions have been identified since, but no common link has been established as of writing.

@@@@

**Date:** 20 January 1901

**Prior circumstances:** After recently declining health, Queen Victoria underwent a standard necromantic rejuvenation ritual, utilising devotee blood to extend her lifespan.

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** SCP-9173-A range shrinks by █ meters, but no event is identified by the Foundation at the time.

According to outside witnesses, a rapid dissipation of thamurgenic energy occurred during the ritual, rendering it entirely ineffective and permanently damaging several enchanted heirlooms present, as well as reverting the memories of all those present in the ritual room by one day. The flux of thamurgenic energy in her body and manipulation of her memory allegedly caused Queen Victoria extensive stress and was a complication that led to her death 2 days later. Though suspected to be an SCP-9173-A-1 event, no official confirmation was made, and the information was kept from the United Kingdom until the Potsdam Conference.

@@@@

**Date:** 17 August 1915

**Prior circumstances:** Following the disastrous 1900 Galveston hurricane, which caused 8,000 fatalities and destroyed around 7,000 buildings on Galveston Island, leaving about 10,000 of the remaining 30,000 residents of Galveston homeless, engineers raised the foundations of 2,156 buildings, elevating the entire city by filling in with sand, and erected the Galveston seawall along the Gulf of Mexico to protect the city. The seawall comprised of two sections after October 1905, summarily measuring 6.8 kilometers long, 4.9 meters to 1.5 meters wide from its base to the top, and 5.2 meters tall. The seawall successfully mitigated indirect damages from the 1909 Grand Isle hurricane, but also caused the passive erosion of Galveston's previously wide beach by the sea by stopping the sand from shifting with the waves, shrinking it by at least 30 meters and hurting Galveston's resort industry — its main source of revenue. 

The 1915 Galveston hurricane was a Category 4Weakened to Category 3 by landfall. hurricane first detected on 10 August after it passed over the Lesser Antilles. It was predicted to be of similar or greater intensity than the 1900 hurricane. Early swells from the hurricane reached Galveston on 15 August, continuing to rise and grow more turbulent towards 17 August. The Galveston seawall held, but coastal areas not protected by the seawall were inundated, with damage to power lines, roads, and railways stranding many evacuees. The hurricane made landfall in Texas on 17 August.

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** SCP-9173-A range shrinks by 0.█ meters. Under the presumption that the event would mitigate the effects of the hurricane, the dissemination of meteorological materials to explain deviances is prepared.

As the hurricane makes landfall, storm surges flood various cities along Galveston Bay, but Galveston itself is mostly protected by the seawall, with a majority of the damage limited to structures near the Seawall Boulevard, mainly from sand erosion at their foundations by the rough waters.

The expected SCP-9173-A-1 event occurs, but rather than diminishing the intensity of the hurricane as expected, it reverts the entirety of Galveston Island to a state prior to the construction of the Galveston seawall. This results in the rapid influx of seawater into Galveston CityCalculations show that the total potential energy of the water being held back at the time of the event was roughly equivalent to 1 tonne of TNT (4.184 gigajoules)..

Almost all the buildings near the seawall are immediately levelled by the initial wave of water. Further inland, many more buildings are severely damaged by the forces of water and wind, including indirectly by erosion or debris. Many people drown or are crushed by wreckage. The local tide gauges are destroyed, but high water marks indicate that the maximum water level reaches 3.7 meters above the mean low tide height, suggesting water levels higher than from the 1900 hurricane. 

By the time Foundation communication is re-established after the storm on the morning of 18 August, an estimated 13,000 total buildings are destroyed and at least 11,000 people are unaccounted for.

Site-90 is almost entirely destroyed, with the exception of the approximately 2,000 square meters within SCP-9173-A's range (largely consisting of SCP-9173's experimental chambers), which is mostly undamaged. Only 18 of the 53 personnel stationed at the site are recovered alive, with 2 in a comatose state. 

After significant deliberation, the Foundation begins sending small teams to render humanitarian aid to survivors and recover the dead, whilst simultaneously cutting non-Foundation communications and censoring local media, under the pretense of curtailing the spread of false news.

A temporary base of operations is made at the remains of Site-90 to shelter survivors and distribute supplies and facilitate Foundation discussions to determine the best course of action for preserving the Veil.

This was the third confirmed occasion in which the SCP-9173-A-1 event did not revert the memories of survivors.

Attached is one of seven written eyewitness accounts of the 17 August 1915 SCP-9173-A-1 event prepared by residents of Galveston and submitted to the O5 Council by request of Acting Site-90 Director Frank Kirwin.

= **EYEWITNESS ACCOUNT 9173.15H**

> **Name of Eyewitness:** Joseph Monroe

> **Occupation of Eyewitness:** Chief Meteorologist at the Galveston office of the U.S. Weather Bureau

> **Date of writing:** 18 August 1915

> **Date of witnessed event:** 16–17 August 1915

**Description of witnessed event:** In the lead-up to the hurricane, on the 16th, our instruments had told us with all but absolute certainty that it was going to pass directly over Galveston, so we raised the storm flags and posted in the paper to warn folks to evacuate or seek shelter. There was reasonable apprehension across the island, after 1900, but most of us placed our trust in the seawall to see us through and didn't evacuate.

I was among those that trusted in the wall. It was a tremendous project, after all. 16 feet of solid concrete paired with the raising of most of the island, so the idea of it failing had been extraordinary to me. And the wall did hold at first. A couple of waves and rip-rap boulders got over the wall, but most of the city was dry and safe. A far cry from the entire island being submerged.

After noting down the latest instrument readings and telegraphing the central office for the final time on the 17th, I took shelter with my family and some of my neighbours in my house, one of the sturdier and higher-lying ones in the area. The worst of the storm seemed to be past us by late evening without anything of alarm occurring, so the prevailing atmosphere in the house at the time was a great sense of relief and pride in the seawall. Some of the more emotional even took to singing in jubilation.

Then, without so much as a warning, I felt this sudden lurch in my chest, like for a brief moment, I was no longer in control of my body. Just like that, and then it was over. Everyone else in the house was looking around in various states of confusion, so I realised quickly that it wasn't just a trick my mind was playing on me. Not soon after, I began to develop this dreadful feeling in my chest that something horrible had happened.

I'm not quite sure how to describe the feeling. Best I can put it is that it felt like a mix of intense panic and grief, and it got some part of my mind at the time thinking that it was warning from above that something was going happen, though I was too busy trying to calm everyone down that I didn't think to act on it until I heard the water smash through the windows. Even then, all I could do was panic as I tried to get everyone back on their feet and to the second floor. It's a matter of grave regret to me that I'd squandered that warning.

I remember that there was a boy who couldn't have been a day over eighteen, taking shelter with us while his parents tried to protect the heirlooms in their house. He was young enough to have been my son, and he'd been standing right next to a window when the waves hit.

All I could think while scrambling up the stairs was: "If I'd reacted earlier— No, if I'd gotten everyone to stay on the second floor from the very beginning... Why didn't I?" I can't stop imagining what might have happened differently.

Once we were on the second floor, we'd thought we were safe. The water was at chest-level, but climbing up on furniture kept us mostly dry, and the house was built for hurricanes, so there was little chance of collapse. Of course, that wasn't accounting for the height of the floodwaters. Through the windows, we saw an iron buoy, probably washed in from the bay, floating some ways off from us. By the time we'd realised that it was bobbing towards us, all we could do was tie our wrists together with loose bits of rope and string in the hopes that it would keep us from drifting apart later. I bound myself to my daughter with an old shirt, and tried to shield her with my body as best as I could.

It was chaos when it hit. The force of the wall being rammed in sent a wave that knocked everyone into the water, not to mention the flying shrapnel. I was lucky enough to escape with only minor scratches, but I saw enough before hitting the water to see that many weren't. It took about the last of my strength to cling onto a drifting piece of wood and pull my daughter onboard while I hung off the edge, looking for other survivors. My brother and his wife were struggling to keep afloat while carrying their children, so I paddled my makeshift raft towards them for us to share. We and the other survivors hung on like that on loose bits of debris for hours until your men arrived, trying to ignore the ripped clothing and wisps of blood in the water. You know what happened from there.

I'm no fool. I know what happened to the seawall wasn't ordinary, and given how fast your rescue folks arrived and worked, I doubt that your group's entirely ordinary either.

If I may make one request, please, whatever you need to do, whatever powers you can call upon, reverse this. Turn things back to normal again.

Thank you.

---

**Note:** Joseph Monroe died two hours after composing this account from complications with pneumonia. As with most of the other deceased, his corpse was given a burial at sea.

On the evening of 18 August 1915, the O5 Council passed a plan for the preservation of the Veil with a vote of 7 Aye, 4 Nay, and 2 Abstain. On the morning of 19 August 1915, the plan was executed. Contact was established with the α-Class Tartarean entity Colloquially referred to as "archdemons". Baʿlʾizbel, and a Faustian bargain was made with the following terms:

* Alteration of history such that the 17 August 1915 SCP-9173-A-1 event never occurred, with the exception of Foundation archives and the memories of SCP-9173 personnel;

* Full reconstruction of Galveston Island in accordance with said alteration; and

* Full revival of all deceased in accordance with said alteration, including the reinstatement of their souls to their appropriate bodies, and the relocation of their bodies in accordance with said alteration;

In exchange for:

* All revived souls entering Baʿlʾizbel's ownership upon the demise of their mortal body;

* All souls of current SCP-9173 personnel entering Baʿlʾizbel's ownership upon the demise of their mortal body; and

* The sacrifice of a healthy adult calf in Baʿlʾizbel's honour once every 5 years on 18 August.

The responsibility for fulfilling the last clause presently falls under the purview of Site-90. Non-Foundation communication was re-established for Galveston by the afternoon, with a telegram prepared by Galveston citizens celebrating the low fatality count of 11 and the impregnability of the Galveston Seawall being sent to newspapers across the country.

After consideration of this event, SCP-9173 has been tentatively reclassified to Euclid, despite the continuing use of it as a Thaumiel-class object.

**Addendum 9173.2:** Below is a log of the most notable SCP-9173-A-1 events from 1915 to present day 2025.

**Date:** 28 October 1929

**Prior circumstances:** Following a decade of significant economic growth in the USATypically referred to as the "Roaring Twenties"., much of the public, partly motivated by low bank interest rates, invested large amounts of capital in various markets, including stocks. Even as several societal and economic factors began to cause a downturn trend in parts of the economy in 1929, many investors continued purchasing shares at prices exceeding their actual value, greatly inflating purchase prices.

By September 1929, experienced stockbrokers and shareholders realised that prices were unlikely to continue rising, and began to sell their holdings. This caused share values to fall, encouraging more investors to sell, in turn causing prices to fall further and leading to frenzied panic selling. This culminated in "Black Thursday", when a record 12.9 million shares were traded in the New York Stock Exchange and the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped a record 28.96 points (11.02%).

In response to this panic, many leading Wall Street bankers gathered and purchased large amounts of shares at prices much higher than market value, a tactic which had previously succeeded in ending the Panic of 1907. The tactic worked, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average recovering and closing down only 6.38 points (2.09%) that day.

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** SCP-9173-A range shrinks by █ meters, but by order of Site Director Kirwin, no action is taken by Site-90 personnel.

The SCP-9173-A-1 event causes the value of the U.S. dollar to drop by approximately 900%, causing the GDP of USA to shrink to be roughly equal to the GDP of USA in 1857. As a result, many previously well-off investors believed themselves to be in poverty, and began selling their shares in a panic. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped a record 38.33 points (12.82%) on Monday, and 30.57 points (11.73%) on Tuesday for a total record two-day loss of 68.90 points (23.05%). Further attempts at stopping the panic selling had little effect.

Through the release of various bureaucratohazards into the United States Code, the Foundation successfully returned the value of the U.S. dollar to baseline, while targeted threats and amnestic treatment established the cover story of margin calls convincing investors to sell. As it was determined that the market crash was largely non-anomalous in nature, no attempt was made to undo its effects as a whole.

@@@@

**Date:** [REDACTED]

**Prior circumstances:** [REDACTED]

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** [REDACTED]

@@@@

**Date:** 13 April 1987

**Prior circumstances:** The *Ethel Von Brixham* Originally named the *Lily & Ethel*. was originally launched in 1890 in Brixham, England, and used as a fishing trawler for 80 years, later being repurposed as a cargo ship without sails in various Scandinavian countries and under various names. 

In 1981, she was transferred to Kiel, Germany, and converted into a staysail schooner, where she was repurposed into a ferry which allowed guests to be actively involved in the sailing and on-board routine. She was one of the oldest surviving ships in the world still in operation.

On 13 April 1987, Leucothea.aic flagged and intercepted radio distress signals mentioning a "sea monster" attacking the *Ethel Von Brixham* during a routine trip across the Baltic Sea to Southern Sweden. MTF Theta-5 ("The Bigger Boat") was sent to investigate.

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** SCP-9173-A range shrinks by █ meters, and MTF Theta-5 ("The Bigger Boat") are notified that an event is likely imminent in their area. They acknowledge, but respond that they will proceed with their mission.

When MTF Theta-5 ("The Bigger Boat") is about 100 meters from the *Ethel Von Brixham*, they report visuals of a 30 meter long marine creature superficially resembling a *Carcharodon carcharias*Great white shark. with large prehensile tentacles and "crab-like" claws.

The expected SCP-9173-A-1 event occurs, causing the instantaneous disappearance of the marine creature. However, all MTF Theta-5 vesselsThree in total, each manufactured between 1980–1985. also disappear, with only the crew and their immediate surroundings (i.e. their clothing, equipment, and a few centimeters of any part of the ship they were in contact with) being unaffected. The *Ethel von Brixham* was also reported to have changed partially, with later investigations finding its new structure to correspond with its original 1890 structure.

As lifebuoys were not present on the altered ship, the crew of the ship improvised with the fishing nets that had manifested by throwing them out to the MTF Theta-5 members, pulling them onboard in small groups until they eventually rescued every single member.

Other than two cases of mild hypothermia, all civilians and Foundation personnel successfully returned to Kiel unharmed. The civilians were given amnestic treatment, while the *Ethel von Brixham* was modified to match its previous modern structure. This was the eighth confirmed occasion in which the SCP-9173-A-1 event did not revert the memories of survivors.

@@@@

**Date:** 6 September 2007

**Prior circumstances:** American football was first played on 6 November 1869 in a game between two colleges, Rutgers and Princeton. It was played with two teams of twenty-five players, and used a round ball that could be kicked or hit with any part of the body — as long as it was not picked up or carried — with the goal of advancing it into the opponent's goal. Games afterwards were traditionally played to the rules of the host school, until 19 October 1873, when a conference between Yale, Columbia, Princeton and Rutgers formed a standard set of rules with 20 players per team and fields of 400 by 250 feet (122 by 76 meters), though Harvard abstained and kept its rules which allowed carrying and running with the ball. Eventually, the Harvard ruleset became standard and evolved into the modern ruleset, including many rule changes for safety after a peak of 19 fatalities nationwide in 1905 resulted in President Theodore Roosevelt threatening to abolish the game unless major changes were made.

In its modern form, there are eleven players per team on a rectangular field with goalposts on each end. The game uses an oval-shaped football and carrying the ball is allowed. The team with possession of the football, the "offence", attempts to bring the ball as far down the field as possible, while the team without possession of the football, the "defence", aims to stop the offence's advances and take possession of the football for themselves. Every four plays, the offence has to advance at least 10 yards (9.14 meters), or the ball is turned over to the defence. The game is paused between plays, allowing the teams to organise themselves, but turnovers during plays do not pause the game, allowing the defence to become the offence and perform a counterattack.

The 2007 NFL Kickoff Game was the first game of the 2007 NFL season. It was played on 6 September 2007, between the Indianapolis Colts (home) and the New Orleans Saints (away) in the RCA Dome.

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** SCP-9173-A range shrinks by █ meters. Site Director Kirwin realises that the predicted event range coincides with the RCA Dome and tunes into the broadcast on a whim, wherein he notices that one of the fans in the crowd appears to be utilising minor thamurgenic abilities to ward the seats around him from being filled by others. He activates protocols for the complete cessation of the broadcast, with a false broadcast generated by SCP-████ replacing it after a brief period of lag. MTF Upsilon-2 continues to monitor the original broadcast while webcrawlers are assigned to detect any online mentions of the anomaly and suppress them with replies of skepticism.

The SCP-9173-A-1 event occurs as expected over the entirety of the RCA Dome, causing the thaumaturge to suddenly lose his abilities. It additionally causes the game being played to rapidly revert to an archaic rulesetCurrent estimates place the date of the ruleset to circa 1890, though it appears to be partly non-standard., including the replacement of all protective equipment with leather helmets and simple padded clothing. The crowd does not seem to react to this.

Local Foundation teams contain the event to the stadium while MTF Upsilon-2 is being transported over. Meanwhile, play continues, with numerous plays that would ordinarily be banned for safety. Notable events include fighting between teams during dead ball situations due to a lack of a line of scrimmage and neutral zone, usage of dangerous formations such as the flying wedge crushing players in the frontline, and several head injuries caused by collisions to heads, knees, and the ground. About 30 minutes into the game, MTF Upsilon-2 arrives and gives the order to fully halt play. All civilians in the stadium are given suggestive amnestic treatment to cultivate memories that correspond to the SCP-████–generated broadcast, while players are given medical treatment. No fatalities were incurred.

@@@@

**Date:** 29 October 2024

**Prior circumstances:** Following a landmark unanimous vote by the O5 Council to pass the Ethics Committee's "Modest Proposal for Humane Treatment of D-Class Personnel" on 15 March 2010, all D-Class–holding Foundation sites began the construction of improved D-Class facilities and the phasing in of improved safety and wellbeing regulations for D-Class personnel. By 2024, all North American and European sites fully integrated these changes, with sites in the rest of the universe and in other dimensions having a total 78.4% integration.

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** SCP-9173-A range shrinks by 1█ meters, but no event is identified by the Foundation at the time.

On 11 November 2024, during an online meeting of each sites' Ethics Committee branch head to consolidate information for the Annual Ethics Committee Report, many discrepancies are found regarding D-Class regulations. This prompts further investigation, which finds that much of the progress made towards humane D-Class treatment has regressed to pre-2010 levels in about half of all sites, apparently due to the effect of SCP-9173-A-1. Alarmingly, multiple personnel who travelled between sites after this regression never reported this irregularity, with some claiming to have been relieved by the reduced D-Class rights allowing them to feel safer and be more efficient in performing research.

Due to constraints on the Foundation budget after containing the breach of SCP-████ in 2023, it was decided that restoring the progress towards humane D-Class treatment was non-essential, and each site was allowed to decide what level of priority and individual budget expenditure they wished to dedicate towards this.

Site Director Frank Kirwin has raised concerns with the O5 Council regarding the failure of employees to report site irregularities being a possible past and future cause for missing the influence of SCP-9173 on the Foundation's operations and objectives. As of writing, these concerns are currently under review.

**Addendum 9173.3:** In order to ascertain the potential threats of SCP-9173, Site Director Kirwin requested for the Temporal Anomalies Department to generate a copy of this document from 2125. This request was accepted. Below is a log of the most notable SCP-9173-A-1 events from present day 2025 to Timeline Δt103's 2125.

**Date:** 31 March 2069

**Prior circumstances:** After the Second Missile Crisis in 2054, when the Second Cold War nearly escalated to nuclear war, the leaders of the United States, China, Russia, North Korea, and other countries with nuclear capabilities gathered for talks in the Singapore Conference. During the conference, an agreement for mutual disarmament by 2064 is reached, limiting countries to only use nuclear fission for the domestic production of energy. Tensions soon eased between the main countries of the agreement in 2058, ending the Second Cold War and giving many countries the push to fully disarm. By 2064, only non-governmental GOIs still have access to weapons of mass destruction, including the Foundation.

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** SCP-9173-A range shrinks by █ meters, but no event is identified by the Foundation at the time. Three days later, Agent [REDACTED], a Foundation plant in the U.S. military, reports anomalous proceedings and is temporarily extracted for a debrief. It is revealed that several old U.S. nuclear stockpiles reappeared, with higher-ups in the military keeping them a secret from other branches of the U.S. Government.

This is decided to be an SCP-9173-A-1 event, and by order of Site Director Kirwin, MTF Upsilon-2 begins a covert operation to seize all nuclear stockpiles while performing amnestic treatment on involved military officials. The operation concludes successfully on 30 October 2069 with minimal fatalities.

@@@@

**Date:** 16 July 2125

**Prior circumstances:** After significant advances in the field of terraforming in 2103, the Federation of Humanity began the process on the surrounding areas of their permanent Mars habitats, slowly increasing the area of terraformation. By 2117, the entirety of Mars was terraformed to a near-Earth level, with a stable atmosphere and magnetosphere allowing for many Earth species to thrive. About 2 billion settlers were established there at the time, and became the first Martian generation. By 2125, Mar's population grew to approximately 3 billion, with a strong technological hub and high quality of life.

**SCP-9173-A-1 event:** SCP-9173-A range shrinks by 1██ meters, but no event is identified by the Foundation at the time. 21 minutes later, a signal is received from Arean Site-144, an underwater site monitoring anomalies in Mars tectonics. The signal claims that the terraformation of Mars has been rapidly reversed, including the removal of all atmosphere and water, with the pressurised nature of Site-144 currently keeping all site personnel and equipment safe. Corroboration with telescopes confirms this claim, and it is identified as an SCP-9173-A-1 event. Transport vessels are immediately sent by the Foundation, and manage to recover all Site-144 personnel alive, as well as 327 living civilians. No remaining lifeforms are detected on Mars.

Site Director Kirwin presented this log to the O5 Council for a review of SCP-9173's Special Containment ProceduresStandard procedure for any items with a Thaumiel-class use.. After significant deliberation, the decision was made to reclassify SCP-9173 as Keter with a vote of 3 Aye, 2 Nay, and 8 Abstain, with specific ammendments to Special Containment Procedures to be decided by Site Director Kirwin. 

As of present, temporary Special Containment Procedures are for SCP-9173 to be terminated by any means possible in order to preserve the Veil.

<< [SCP-9172](SCP-9172) | SCP-9173 | [SCP-9174](SCP-9174) >>

> **Filename:** Thumbnail.jpg

> **Name:** File:Postcard of Galveston, Texas, seawall and beach (10001292).jpg

> **Author:** Unknown

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Postcard_of_Galveston,_Texas,_seawall_and_beach_(10001292).jpg

> **Filename:** Statue.jpg

> **Name:** File:NZ-Auckland Burns statue close-up.jpg

> **Author:** [Q8682](https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Q8682)

> **License:** CC BY SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:NZ-Auckland_Burns_statue_close-up.jpg#mw-jump-to-license

> **Additional Notes:** Edited to add 2 black redaction shapes.

> **Filename:** LondonEvacuees.jpg

> **Name:** File:From 'Street Life in London', 1877, by John Thomson and Adolphe Smith (5582588406).jpg

> **Author:** [LSE Library](https://www.flickr.com/people/35128489@N07)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:From_%27Street_Life_in_London%27,_1877,_by_John_Thomson_and_Adolphe_Smith_(5582588406).jpg

> **Filename:** LaTouraine.jpg

> **Name:** LaTouraine02.jpg

> **Author:** Simplon

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://simplonpc.co.uk/CGT_PCs_03.html

> **Filename:** QueenVictoria.jpg

> **Name:** File:Queen Victoria by JJE Mayall, 1860.png

> **Author:** [Royal Collection / Fenton and Cameron](https://www.rct.uk/collection/search#/-/collection/2931295)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Queen_Victoria_by_JJE_Mayall,_1860.png

> **Filename:** Galveston0.jpg

> **Name:** File:1915 Galveston hurricane isobars Aug 16 1915 8 p.m. CT.png

> **Author:** United States Weather Bureau

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:1915_Galveston_hurricane_isobars_Aug_16_1915_8_p.m._CT.png

> **Filename:** Galveston1.jpg

> **Name:** File:Cluster of houses submerged in sand.jpg

> **Author:** [The University of Houston Digital Library](http://digital.lib.uh.edu/cdm4/item_viewer.php?CISOROOT=/p15195coll5&CISOPTR=26)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Cluster_of_houses_submerged_in_sand.jpg

> **Filename:** Galveston2.jpg

> **Name:** File:Floating wreckage, Galveston hurricane, 1900.jpg

> **Author:** Underwood & Underwood

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Floating_wreckage,_Galveston_hurricane,_1900.jpg

> **Filename:** BlackTuesday.jpg

> **Name:** File:1929 wall street crash graph.svg

> **Author:** [Lalala666](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:Lalala666)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:1929_wall_street_crash_graph.svg

> **Filename:** FishingTrawler.jpg

> **Name:** File:Stagsegelschoner Ethel von Brixham, Kieler Förde 1987.jpg

> **Author:** Nerolein

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Stagsegelschoner_Ethel_von_Brixham,_Kieler_F%C3%B6rde_1987.jpg

> **Filename:** 2007Football.jpg

> **Name:** opening day colts

> **Author:** [Paul J Everett](https://www.flickr.com/photos/paul_everett82/)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/paul_everett82/1357994722/

> **Filename:** FootballHelmet.jpg

> **Name:** File:Leather football helmet (circa 1930's).JPG

> **Author:** Unknown, donated by the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Museum

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Leather_football_helmet_(circa_1930%27s).JPG

> **Filename:** DPrison.jpg

> **License:** CC BY SA 4.0

> 

> This image is a composite of:

> 

> **Name:** File:Door to old prison cell at restaurant Linnankellari.jpg

> **Author:** JIP

> **License:** CC BY SA 4.0

> **Source:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Door_to_old_prison_cell_at_restaurant_Linnankellari.jpg

> 

> and:

> 

> **Name:** File:Prisoner’s homey corner.jpg

> **Author:** Maasaak

> **License:** CC BY SA 4.0

> **Source:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Prisoner%E2%80%99s_homey_corner.jpg

> **Filename:** Nukes.jpg

> **Name:** File:Nuclear missile sites in US.png

> **Author:** [NACLE2](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:NACLE2)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Nuclear_missile_sites_in_US.png

> **Filename:** TerraformedMars.jpg

> **Name:** File:TerraformedMars.jpg

> **Author:** [Ittiz](https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Ittiz~commonswiki)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:TerraformedMars.jpg
