---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9122 is to be constantly monitored via a specialized Foundation satellite dish, and other pieces of equipment now designated Site-██, located in ██████, United States. In the event the SCP-9122 transmission changes in any way, the personnel inside are to immediately report the incident and the specifics to the nearest supervisor. Being exposed to SCP-9122 for long periods of time without proper ear protection is strictly prohibited, and personnel who do so will receive suitable medical treatment. Due to its nature, SCP-9122 requires no further containment measures.

**Description:** SCP-9122 is a looped radio signal operating in the high-frequency range, observed at ██GHz, an encrypted channel formerly reserved for Foundation operations only. How SCP-9122 accessed the channel is currently unknown. SCP-9122 is extrasolarOutside of the Solar System in origin, with its exact broadcast location unknown. The transmission itself consists of dialogue in an unintelligible alien language lasting exactly four minutes and thirty-two seconds in length. Translation efforts are currently underway, but have faced extreme difficulty due to the vast differences between our languages.

Individuals exposed to SCP-9122 for extended periods of time (usually greater than 30 minutes) begin to experience symptoms similar to a panic disorder, more commonly known as a panic attack. Subjects have reported feeling general discomfort, rapid heart rate, sweating, shakiness, shortness of breath, and a "sense of impending doom." These symptoms typically subside around 5 minutes after being removed from the presence of SCP-9122, although there have been cases where they have lasted up to 25 minutes.

**Addendum 9122-A:** SCP-9122 was discovered on ██/██20██, after Foundation operatives communicating via an encrypted channel reported hearing "an unknown party attempting to make contact." The personnel involved assumed the unintelligibility of the transmission was due to signal distortion and/or noise interference, unaware that it was in an alien dialect. Approximately 42 minutes later, while waiting for further instruction, both operatives began to experience the symptoms listed in the description. SCP-9122 was granted SCP status shortly after, and the channel used has since been repurposed for containment of SCP-9122 only.

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS LEVEL 5/9122 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS INFORMATION WITHOUT LEVEL 5/9122 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

---

<details>
<summary>[ENTER LEVEL 5/9122 CLEARANCE.]</summary>

> 

> ++ Debriefing from O5-1 to the rest of the Overseeing Council

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> I'm sure you were left with many questions after reading the SCP-9122 document. I'm here to answer them all.

> 

> The truth is, we know all about SCP-9122. We know where it came from, who sent it, how it accessed our secure channel, what it's saying, well, mostly, and more importantly, why it was sent.

> 

> The transmission came from us.

> 

> And I don't mean we staged it, or hell, created it like so many times before. It came from another version of us, another O5 Council, from some other Earth out there in the cosmos, identical to ours in every single way you can think of. They knew how to access our channel because they are, or rather, were us. Oh, right.

> 

>  The transmission wasn't some friendly attempt at cross-planetary communication, they weren't trying to invite their next door neighbors over for a cookout.

> 

> It was a warning. Their world ended, and they were warning us not to follow in their footsteps.

> 

> And we don't know what they did wrong.

> 

> A good portion of the broadcast was unintelligible, most likely due to being broadcasted from the only somewhat-functional technology they had left, if I had to guess. Even after we filled in some of the blanks, the exact message still remained unclear.

> 

> What concerns me, and what should concern all of you, isn't the fact that we're not alone as we thought we were, but that their world, a near-carbon copy of ours, with the same people, same places, and same anomalies, died in the dark by their own hands. They sent out their message to the stars with the intention of us learning from their mistakes.

> 

> But how are we supposed to learn from a mistake in which we do not know the nature of?

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> 

> ++ Transcription of SCP-9122, most sentences pieced together.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> 

> **The following is a [UNINTELLIGIBLE] via consensus of the O5 Council.**

> 

> When our species first started out, we were no different than the other creatures that we shared our [UNINTELLIGIBLE] with. Savage, barbaric, [UNINTELLIGIBLE]. We huddled in caves, around primitive campfires. But then we began to change, [UNINTELLIGIBLE] crude, stone tools, and then our predators became our prey.

> 

> We didn't [UNINTELLIGIBLE], not our species. Eventually, we [UNINTELLIGIBLE] machines that conquered the seas, machines that conquered the land, and machines that conquered the skies, all in a little over 4000 years. Not even the stars were safe [UNINTELLIGIBLE] grasp.

> 

> And then [UNINTELLIGIBLE] plans to contain our gods, demons, and spirits. Their names [UNINTELLIGIBLE] into obscurity, and [UNINTELLIGIBLE] replaced with a single term: "anomaly." For a while, we secured, we contained, and we protected, and we did it quite well, operating in [UNINTELLIGIBLE] of our own race, functioning [UNINTELLIGIBLE] finely-tuned machine with little-to-no error.

> 

> That was how it was until recently.

> 

> We were swept [UNINTELLIGIBLE] threats we willingly [UNINTELLIGIBLE] for so long, and our failure to properly [UNINTELLIGIBLE] cost us [UNINTELLIGIBLE]; our world, our species, and our secret empire.

> 

> This message goes out to all SCP Foundations across the [UNINTELLIGIBLE], both large and small. Heed [UNINTELLIGIBLE] warning, and follow [UNINTELLIGIBLE] very carefully:

> 

> Abandon [UNINTELLIGIBLE] current directive of [UNINTELLIGIBLE] immediately, stop [UNINTELLIGIBLE] to control [UNINTELLIGIBLE] you [UNINTELLIGIBLE] to humanly comprehend. Shift [UNINTELLIGIBLE] to termination [UNINTELLIGIBLE] large and small, even [UNINTELLIGIBLE] harmless. They are not. We [UNINTELLIGIBLE] mercy of existence for far too long, and [UNINTELLIGIBLE] greatest failure. [UNINTELLIGIBLE] necessary [UNINTELLIGIBLE] learn from [UNINTELLIGIBLE], to ensure the survival of our species [UNINTELLIGIBLE] the cosmos.

> 

> Know this: containment does not, and never will [UNINTELLIGIBLE].

> 

> [UNINTELLIGIBLE] repeated for the foreseeable future. Until our [UNINTELLIGIBLE] degrades into [UNINTELLIGIBLE], just like everything else on our [UNINTELLIGIBLE].

> 

> This is the last [UNINTELLIGIBLE] will hear from us. Godspeed, friends.

> 

> **<End Log>**

</details>

> **Filename:** Satellite_dish,_Goonhilly_-_geograph.org.uk_-_1826456

> **Name:** Satellite_dish,_Goonhilly_-_geograph.org.uk_-_1826456

> **Author:** Trevor Harris

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Satellite_dish,_Goonhilly_-_geograph.org.uk_-_1826456.jpg

> **Filename:** 792px-PaleBlueDot

> **Name:** 792px-PaleBlueDot

> **Author:** NASA

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Satellite_dish,_Goonhilly_-_geograph.org.uk_-_1826456.jpg

<< [SCP-9121](SCP-9121) | SCP-9122 | [SCP-9123](SCP-9123) >>
