Scp 9565, the dangerous growing goo

Credit to my friend jack for helping create the base of this SCP, other than his name, he request to remain anonymous

Classification: 

Threat level: Keter. containment: Site-17

characteristics: 

Scp 9565 is a tall, slender being, currently, approximately 3.35 meters tall, and made of unidentified black goo, with a claw wing hybrid being one limb and a crude, chainsaw-like being the other limb, it can go 15 kilometers per hour. It does not have eyes, legs, a mouth, nose, ears or anything else however it uses echolocation through unknown means. Scp 9565 grows via consuming living or dead organisms from the kingdom Animalia, after consuming the organism it will transfer about 56% of the organisms mass to itself while actually ingesting the organism is not required to transfer the mass, it is currently unknown where that mass comes from. Scp 9565 can also harden or soften parts of its body and takes about fifteen minutes to transform its full body from a goo to liquid or solid fully. It takes about three to five minutes to transform one of its limbs from goo to liquid or solid.

Special containment procedures:

Scp 9565 is to be kept in a 4 by 4 by 4 titanium cube with one fourth meter thick walls and a secure mechanism allowing food or items to be inserted into the chamber. Also an electronic door with a second, physical lock, that activates if power shuts down, capable of withstanding 5 tons of force. The walls and door are equipped with a lining of multi-frequency acoustic deadening mesh and a pulsed resonance field. A vent system is installed for emergencies and testing allowing microaerosol anesthetic to be released into the air and to create a low oxygen environment in emergencies to sedate Scp 9565.

Initial containment:

Scp 9565 was first held in a lab, located in [redacted] Washington, after a fire destroyed the building it was left untouched and abandoned until many urban explorers went into the abandoned lab and never came back. This caught the attention of the foundation and soon, on June 2nd 2025, 5 am, MTF ETA-10 was sent to the location.

The encounter goes as follows.

MTF ETA-10 status: intact, approaching location. 

radio log status 1,2,3,4,5&6: intact.

Bodycam status 1,2,3,4,5&6: intact.

Radio = (callsign)-(number): (radio message)

Bodycam = BC-footage: (bodycam footage)

Scp site [redacted]: base echo-6

MTF ETA-10-1: alpha/team lead

MTF ETA-10-2: bravo/second command

MTF ETA-10-3: charlie/capture&contain

MTF ETA-10-4: delta/capture&contain

MTF ETA-10-5: echo/neutralization

MTF ETA-10-6: foxtrot/scout

Final systems diagnostic check…

All Systems intact, start log.

TimeCheck: 2025:06:02:06:30

Base echo-6: radio check, MTF ETA-10 please respond.

Alpha-1: echo-6 radio systems are intact, ETA-10 please confirm

Bravo-2: check

Charlie-3: check

Delta-4: check

Echo-5: check

Foxtrot-6: check

Base echo-6: radio systems intact, proceed with mission

Alpha-1: affirmative, proceeding with mission

Alpha-1: okay let’s move into the lab

BC-footage: Alpha-1 opens lab door and enters building followed by rest of ETA-10 into the lab with long, dark hallways stretching a minimum of 75+ ft foxtrot-6 forgets to slowly close door leading to a loud slam echoing through the halls as the door slams shut.

Unknown-1: *click…click…click* (the sound echoes through the halls)

Alpha-1: I think we’ve found the potential Scp, foxtrot-6 you lead, left around the corner

Foxtrot-6: affirmative

BC-footage: echo-5 moves up next to foxtrot-6 as they both raise their guns and turn the corner, nothing there other than a mildly short hall about 30 ft long

Foxtrot-1: clear

Alpha-1: okay move up and to the other end of the hall

ETA-10 moves up and quickly moves through the hall, their footsteps clacking against the floor as they moved

TimeCheck:2025:06:02:06:32

Unknown-1: *click…click…click*

Alpha-1: anyone else hear that low clicking sound?

Bravo-2: affirmative, could be potential Scp, it’s louder this time, be careful and move slowly

BC-footage: ETA-10 reaches the end of the hall and foxtrot-6 turns to the right and checks around the corner with the help of echo-5

Foxtrot-6: wait… signs of an Scp, standby

BC-footage: foxtrot-6 walks up to a spot of black goo outside of the doorway to what appears to be a broken containment chamber. Foxtrot-6 walks into the large chamber, about 15 by 20 by 20 foot, with the floor covered in the same strange goo outside the chamber. Drops of black goo drip onto foxtrot-6’s face and they look up

Foxtrot-6/unknown-1: *click…click……screeeaa*

Running diagnostics…

Radio status: 1,2,3,4&5: intact, radio 6 inactive

Bodcam status: 1,2,3&4: intact, bodycam 6 inactive, bodycam 5 intermittently active and inactive

TimeCheck:2025:06:02:06:34

BC-footage&ETA-10 radio: 

Echo-5: FOXTROT-6 DOWN, I REPEAT, FOXTROT-6 DOW- *static*

ETA-10: *gunfire heard at echo-5 last seen location*

BC-footage: rest of ETA-10 runs to echo-5 last location as gunfire rings out. Echo-5 is on opposite side of chamber opening, cornered with only one arm, and shooting at a tall slender being slowly approaching echo-5. A constant clicking is coming from unknown-1 as it approaches echo-5. the rest of ETA-10 pulls out weapons and attempts to run toward unknown-1 before it inflicts damage upon echo-5. A scream is heard as unknown-1 uses one of its crude, chainsaw-like limb to impale echo-5, a couple seconds later unknown-1 grows larger

Alpha-1: open fire on unknown-1!

BC-footage: rest of ETA-10 opens fire on unknown-1, it lets out a harrowing screech quickly followed by a series of clicks before it dashed towards the rest of ETA-10

Charlie-3: cease fire, cease fire! Absolute radio silence!

BC-footage: unknown-1 stops about three feet away from bravo-2 and sways its head from side to side, *click…click………screeeeeea* unknown-1 lounges at bravo-2 impaling them with its claws. Alpha-1 opens fire again as charlie-3 and delta-4 flee towards the hole in the containment cell as unknown-1 pursues them, charlie-3 and delta-4 then turn around and open fire on  unknown-1 with sedative darts as unknown-1 slashes alpha-1’s throat. After 37 darts fired unknown-1 is incapacitated.

Running diagnostics…

Unknown-1: incapacitated

Alpha-1: deceased

Bravo-2: deceased

Charlie-3: mild injuries

Delta-4: alive

Echo-5: deceased

Foxtrot-6: deceased

TimeCheck:2025:06:02:06:41

Scp 9565 was later transported to site 17 at 2025:06:02:07:53

Log end

 Test logs

Test log one 2025:06:16:10:00-2025:06:22:10:30

Test research; does it grow if it is put on a vegan diet?

The site-17 nutritionist has created a vegan diet for Scp 9565 contesting of many edible leaves such as cabbage, along with other vegetables such as carrots and beets.

Scp has been sedated every two days after eating and shows no signs of growth at the end of the 6 day testing period despite not expelling any mass the food may have added

Test answer; no, Scp 9565 does not grow unless it is fed an organism originating from the kingdom Animalia

Test log two 2025:06:29:13:00-2025:06:31:13:00

Test research; does it grow if it eats animal product?

The site-17 nutritionist has allowed Scp 9565 to be on a diet of milk, eggs, and cheese, for a total of only two days due to the lack of nutrients to sustain Scp 9565 for long periods of time.

Scp 9565 was sedated and weighed before and after the two day period and showed no signs of growth despite not expelling any of the mass it would’ve gained through the food.

Test answer; no, Scp 9565 does not grow unless it is an animal itself.

Test log three 2025:07:07:08:00

Test research; does it grow if the animal is deceased?

The nutritionist at site-17 has allowed this test to be done with one, one-hundred-seventeen pound, deceased pig. After one month the O5 council has allowed this test to proceed. Scp 9565 was sedated, weighed, and put back in containment and fed the deceased pig before resuming its normal diet for a day before it was sedated and weighed again.

Scp 9565 gained approximately sixty-five and one half pounds of mass, about 56% of the pigs original weight, Scp 9565 consumed all of the pig so it is currently unknown where 44% of the pigs mass has gone.

Test answer; yes, it will grow by approximately 56% of the organisms original weight.

Test log four 2025:07:14:09:00-2025:07:22:07:08

Test research; what will happen if we put Scp 9565 on an animal product fast?

The site-17 nutritionist has allowed this diet to continue as long as needed for test. Scp 9565 is put on the diet for two weeks and is sedated and weighed every two days.

Week one: Scp 9565 shows no signs of mass growth or decrease.

Week two: Scp 9[this file has been lost or corrupted due to computer losing power at 2025:07:22:06:01

⚠️INCIDENT REPORT⚠️

2025:07:22:05:16: Loud banging heard from Scp 9565’s containment along with screeching, clicking, and scratching.

2025:07:22:05:37: Scp 9565’s behavior is noticed by some staff walking nearby Scp 9565’s containment

2025:07:22:05:48: Scp 035 is about to be relocated for testing

2025:07:22:06:01: Scp 049 is soon to commence testing as well

2025:07:22:06:10: Scp 035 is starting relocation to updated containment chamber

2025:07:22:06:14: Scp 035 has manipulated a group of gauges due to poor handling

2025:07:22:06:21: scp 049 test is about to start as a d-class is let into the airlock however, a malfunction in the airlock allows Scp 049 to escape containment

2025:07:22:06:30: Scp fights it’s way through security causing chaos

2025:07:22:06:38: Scp 035 is able to manipulate a large group of security guards and starts inconspicuously approaching Scp 9565’s containment

2025:07:22:06:47: Scp 9565’s screeches and clicks grow louder as it relentlessly attacks the wall and has made a reasonable dent

2025:07:22:06:58: some security not containing Scp’s 035 and 049 notice Scp 9565’s irregular behavior

2025:07:22:07:03: Scp 049 releases several other Scp’s and assaults numerous guards putting areas of site-17 in a critical state

2025:07:22:07:08: lockdown procedures initiated, power is reverted to doors and containment

2025:07:22:07:13: security reaches Scp 9565’s containment control panel and activate emergency sedatives, sedation process takes approximately 15 minutes on emergency power

2025:07:22:07:18: Scp 035 gets into Scp 9565’s containment and knocks out the security guard

2025:07:22:07:19: Scp 035 begins emergency door unlock procedures on Scp 9565’s containment cell

2025:07:22:07:26: emergency door unlock procedure has halfway finished and door has slightly cracked open and is no longer airtight due to the locks being released, the main lock shut down due to emergency power, and Scp 9565’s bombardment. Scp 9565 soon becomes liquid and escapes through the cube

2025:07:22:07:29: scp 9565 is seen moving through the hallways at approximately 35 mph towards the exit of site-17

2025:07:22:07:37: power lost due to major damage being inflicted on backup generators due to overheating and damage from numerous Scp’s assaulting it and the mismanagement of the emergency generators due to the extreme lack of qualified staff and time to properly ensure safety of generators. Scp 9565 was last seen near the exit of site-17 and is believed to have escaped

Log end
