CW: This article contains mentions of body horror, loss of autonomy, brainwashing, forced pregnancy, Just Girly Thing's usual antics, abortion, and death during childbirth.

**Item #:** SCP-9097

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** As of 17/04/2024, only one package of SCP-9097 is held in containment. Efforts to track down the supplier and other holders of SCP-9097 are currently ongoing.

A cover story has been released, claiming that the few publicly known instances of SCP-9097-1 were falsified, and that the instances of SCP-9097-2 were actors. The Foundation is still attempting to remove public coverage of SCP-9097-1 and SCP-9097-2 instances. 

The few instances of SCP-9097-1 and SCP-9097-2 that the Foundation has acquired access to are to be held in humanoid containment cells at Site-987. SCP-9097-2 instances require full time assistance via members of Site-987’s medical team.

**Description:** SCP-9097 refers to a collection of circular pills of bright pink coloring. SCP-9097 has no label, but the back holds a logo for [GO1-4319 "Just Girly Things"](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/just-girly-things-hub).

SCP-9097's anomalous effects only take place when ingested by a subject with XX chromosomes who is currently pregnant, Regardless of trimester. dubbed SCP-9097-1 once SCP-9097 has entered their system. Multiple anomalous effects take place after consumption, including:

* The inability to abort the fetus via any means (medical, chemical, or mechanical).

* Acceleration of the growth of the fetus, making SCP-9097-1 instances ready to give birth less than six hours after consumption of SCP-9097, even if the pregnancy was just diagnosed. 

* SCP-9097-1 instances will be excited to give birth, even if they had previously shown disinterest in the pregnancy. 

Upon going into labor, SCP-9097-1 instances will begin to give birth to a fully formed human, dubbed SCP-9097-2, with XX chromosomes, no matter what the sex of the fetus was beforehand. Instances of SCP-9097-2 are born with prefrontal cerebral hypoplasia. Subjects, therefore, do not develop linguistic capabilities and experience significant functional deficits in higher-order cognitive processes. Motor-sensory pathways are preserved, though with some impairments in posture and maintaining muscle tone; entities frequently fall within the bottom 5th percentile for muscle strength per unit mass. 

Out of the five publicly observed SCP-9097-1 subjects, only two survived giving birth to SCP-9097-2 instances. The Foundation is currently in possession of the corpses of the three other SCP-9097-1 instances. Both surviving instances of SCP-9097-1 have been left permanently disabled; One instance has been rendered unable to walk, while the other had its bottom half removed entirely. 

**Addendum-1-Discovery:** On 07/04/2024, a news story was published online, which stated that twenty-four-year-old Nancy Follerson had given birth to a full-grown woman at New Clover hospital in Fort Worth, Texas. The Foundation sent a collection of undercover agents posing as reporters, doctors, and mortuary attendants to investigate the situation on 08/04/2024. On Nancy Follerson's person, a package of SCP-9097 was discovered. 

On 09/04/2024, many additional articles began to come out about SCP-9097-1 instances. Attempts to remove the articles have proven futile, as they all reinstated themselves in less than twenty-four hours. 

The Foundation has only managed to track down four other instances of SCP-9097-1. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Redirecting to ##deeppink|www.justgirlychats.███##

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**###7d2a69|#BirthPills## ###4f1942|Where KeeLee talks about the new pills.##**

*####4f1942|Topic set by## ##hotpink|KeeLee## ####4f1942|on Wed April 10 2024 08:04:20 GMT-0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)##*

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi##,  ###4f1942|What the fuck?##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|What a nice way to start a conversation.##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|These pills are meant to preserve childbirth. We can't give them to the public like this. We don't want fully grown women who can't do anything. They were supposed to be fully functional.##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|KeeLee, I'm working on a solution, I promise.##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|That stupid foundation is going to be onto this if they find any of the pills.##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|Hey, at least they're not finding the version that works.##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|I just don't understand how you fucked up so badly in the first place. Brain-dead adult toddlers are no help for our mission.##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|Science is a tricky field, KeeLee. I studied this for a long time. You try making pills that change a fetus from scratch.##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|Fine, whatever. Just get it fixed. I'll make sure those articles stay online. This may have been a fuck up, but it's one we can use to our advantage. The more people who are curious, the more research they do. We'll get more lovely lady incubators.##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|Just give me a little more time. In the meantime, do you have any more distribution targets for when we can try the next batch? ##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|I'll ask Ella. I know a new family planning clinic just opened near her. Now make it fast.##

<< [SCP-9096](SCP-9096) | SCP-9097 | [SCP-9098](SCP-9098) >>

=====

> **Filename:** File:A Sight For Sore Heads - Flickr - Bonio.jpg

> **Author:** Bonio

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic 

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:A_Sight_For_Sore_Heads_-_Flickr_-_Bonio.jpg

=====
