=====

=====

**Item №:** SCP-9774

**Anomaly Class:** Prowling

**Special Containment Procedures:** Reference procedures for SCP-9774 should be inferred from this file, documented in one's own head, and never shared. SCP-9774-A is housed in Containment Suite 01 at Site-93, and should be treated with respect. 

**Description:** If thoughts are animals, SCP-9774 is a tiger, concealed in dappled shade, skittish, an ambush predator. Clarity is a thrown stone. Hunger is a shared reference. 

SCP-9774 is a bad idea, but we are drunk at a party and eager to impress. It is late in the evening and people will be leaving soon. There will be other parties, but this is still our last chance. SCP-9774 is subliminal propaganda for a home invasion. SCP-9774 is a vampire that invites itself in. We thought comprehension was a crucifix, but it is more akin to a secret network of underground tunnels. SCP-9774 is a promise, unspoken but inherently understood. A tiger is a promise, too.

SCP-9774 is a bar of soap in the mind’s firm grasp. In the past, we squeezed too hard. The Foundation is the bathroom sink. The world is the tiles of the bathroom floor. SCP-9774 is a bar of soap. We all have blood on our hands.

SCP-9774 is a unique perspective, an original copy, a holy relic, a globally unique identifier. SCP-9774-A is a generational talent, a fervent collector, a cathedral reliquary, a data table. 

The hunt is understanding, and a tiger does not need to be hunted. SCP-9774 is sunlight and we live in glass houses. We remind you again that clarity is a thrown stone.

We are not poachers. If SCP-9774 is a single tiger, then we are a herd of ten thousand gazelles. If SCP-9774 is *all* tigers, then we are sustained biodiversity across the Indus Basin. If SCP-9774 is all animals, then so too are we. If SCP-9774 is an extinct species, then we are a fond memory.

@@ @@

= << [SCP-9773](SCP-9773) | SCP-9774 | [SCP-9775](SCP-9775) >>
