.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

**Item #:** SCP-9605

**Object Class:** Safe 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9605 is stored inside a standard containment locker at Site-10. 

**Description (TBC):**  SCP-9605 is a hair dryer. The control inputs are permanently affixed to their lowest settings.Documentation incomplete. File will be updated at a later date.

**Discovery:** On 06/09/2024, MTF Alpha-4 (“Pony Express”) intercepted a suspicious package being processed through the United States Postal Service. This package lacked a return address, and its shipping address was reportedly written as "**SCP OR GOC.**" Inside was SCP-9605, alongside a hand-written note:

= Knock yourself out.

= Contain it. Trash it. Whatever floats your boat. IDC.

= It's **your** problem now.

@@ @@

**Addendum-01:** Dr. Quekett certified SCP-9605 held anomalous properties. These properties were intertwined with its blow-drying functions. To access the unabridged version of these files, contact Dr. Quekett.

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET: 9605/Test/Observation/Vol.1◀</summary>

**Test #:** 01

**Item:** D-01888's hair (soaked.) 

**Result:** D-01888's hair rapidly dried. 

**Notes:** *15 seconds, very fast. Speed is one thing, but remember: this was accomplished at (25°C/77°F.)*

*Since when does water evaporate like that at room temperature?!* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 02

**Item:** Various absorbents (soaked.)Including but not limited to: sponges, towels, cotton balls etc.

**Result:** All items rapidly dried.

**Notes:** When blow-drying, SCP-9605's effect takes within 5 to 15 seconds to manifest.

**Test #:** 03

**Item:** A glass cup (filled with water.) 

**Result:** Water boiled; cup was unaffected.

**Notes:** *Technically... boiling is a form of evaporation. But that's far what I had in mind.* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 04

**Item:** Frozen pizza (whole.)

**Result:** Item rapidly defrosted, then cooked within 30 seconds.

**Notes:** SCP-9605's effect is delayed when utilized on low temperature-based objects.

**Test #:** 14

**Item:** Sundae.

**Result:** Item melted.

**Notes:** *Really? No... never would've **guessed**.*

*It puts an oven to shame ~~ every applicable food item was cooked perfectly to a tee. The mechanics are still... confusing. Rapid evaporation and near-instant cooking aren't **exactly** mutual terms.* ~~Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 31

**Item:** A cake pan (filled with cake batter.) 

**Result:** Item rapidly baked.

**Notes:** N/A.

**Test #:** 32

**Item:** A cake (adorned with vanilla icing and candles.)

**Result:** Icing became glossy.

**Notes:** *It can bake within seconds but can't ignite simple candles? Don't forget the icing. Turns out you can achieve the same effect with normal hair dryers. Much slower of course, but that's a given. It really makes you wonder...* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 35

**Item:** Multiple stickers (affixed to a solid surface.)

**Result:** Adhesives rapidly softened, allowing easy removal.

**Notes:** *From drying n' cooking, to sorting out clothing and stickers. It does it all. Not just the anomaly, but the normal equivalent as well. Random? No. Unconventional? Yes. Still viable?* 

*Absolutely!* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 37

**Item:** Office (vacant.)

**Result:** SCP-9605 malfunctioned. Similar experiments reveal SCP-9605 demonstrates this behaviour when utilized against significant collections of dust and grime. Experiment aborted.

**Notes:** First instance of SCP-9605 suffering an apparent malfunction.

**Test #:** 38

**Item:** A mirror.

**Result:** Condensation manifested on the mirror.

**Notes:** *Not how condensation works. I'd assumed someone breathed on it if I didn't know better.* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 40

**Item:** Various wax, styrofoam, and plastic-based objects.

**Result:** *[SEE BELOW]*

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

*[Dr. Wood blow-dries the bowling ball; it melts inside the bowl. Dr. Wood snickers.]*

**Dr. Wood:** Oh, that's *never* going to get old.

*[Dr. Quekett sighs, inserting a liquid thermometer into the bowl. He pulls the device out and examines it.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** It melts everything like ice cream but it's not even hot? That's not how it works.

**Dr. Wood:** If we knew how, they wouldn't be anomalies to begin with, bud. Touché!

**Dr. Quekett:** ...Touché doesn't work that way eith--

*[Loud whirring is heard. A plastic figurineSpecifically a "Minion" from the American media franchise, "Despicable Me." is blow-dried until it completely melts inside a tinfoil pan. Dr. Wood scoffs.]*

**Dr. Wood:** *That's*, for ruining my favorite word. Stupid yellow rat bastard... sorry, you were saying?

**Dr. Quekett:** ...Gavin. You know I like you... but sometimes I really hate you.

**Dr. Wood:** Oh, c'mon on Jess. You know you *love* me.

**Dr. Quekett:** That's not how you pronounce *tolerance*, Gav.

*[Dr. Quekett unplugs SCP-9605, physically examining it.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** I don't understand how you're not bothered by any of this.

**Dr. Wood:** It's Safe class.

**Dr. Quekett:** I was referring to our progress. We know what it does, but not *how* it works. I hate working with A.O.'s.Anomalous Object. Most of them are just a... thing that does a thing. Half the time there's barely a scientific method decent enough to stick with!

**Dr. Wood:** True, true. But here's a sticking point: I kind of prefer *not* having my face ripped off by our homework.

**Dr. Quekett:** ...This came through the mail.

**Dr. Wood:** And?

**Dr. Quekett:** The guy was practically *calling out* for us!

**Dr. Wood:** *And?* People expect us to scoop up their magical crap. It happens all the time! Who cares if someone was more bold about it? You really need to stop freaking out.

**Dr. Quekett:** I am not--! Look. I just don't understand why someone would donate anything when it's not out of control or a ploy to screw us over. It just... rubs me the wrong way.

**Dr. Wood:** Tell you what? If this does end up becoming *nasty*, you have braggin' rights. How about that?

**Dr. Quekett:** Hmph.

**Dr. Wood:** And quit pretending to be a killjoy would serve you just fine.

**Dr. Quekett:** What?

**Dr. Wood:** Don't play dumb. I saw you smiling when you were waving that thing around. Don't even *try* to deny it.

**Dr. Quekett:** ...Fine. This one ain't as bad as I thought. Low-stakes tests, safe to handle, plenty of creative liberties... didn't exactly "wow" me but it was certainly something. Despite it all, the skip was nice to work with. Even, dare I say I honestly thought it was... cute. Strangely enough.

*[SCP-9605's plug visibly twiches. Dr. Wood laughs, placing a stack of poker chips inside another tray.]*

**Dr. Wood:** Ha! I knew I was right on the money, Now speaking of fun--

*[Dr. Quekett pulls SCP-9605 away from Dr. Wood.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** Nuh-uh! My turn. You already had your fun~.

*[Dr. Wood groans, grabbing the clipboard.]*

**Dr. Wood:** How about you marry the damn thing, why don't cha?

**Dr. Quekett:** Certainly better than hooking up with you--

*[Upon activation, SCP-9605 blows most of the poker chips off the tray. Surprised, Dr. Quekett releases the trigger.]*

**Dr. Wood:** Is... was it supposed to be that powerful?

**Dr. Quekett:** I... don't...

*[Dr. Quekett notices the power outlet.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** It's not plugged in?!

*[Dr. Wood inspects the fallen poker chips. He whistles in suprise.]*

**Dr. Wood:** Check it out.

*[Dr. Wood grabs one of the chips. The letter "**Q**" is visible. Dr. Quekett reexamines SCP-9605.]*

**Dr. Wood:** They all say that. You believe this?!

**Dr. Quekett:** Well, you know what they say...

*[Dr. Quekett showcases SCP-9605 to Dr. Wood, gesturing to the control inputs.]*

**Dr Quekett:** Seeing *is* believing.

= **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

@@ @@

**Addendum-02:** SCP-9605 manifested two additional properties:

* SCP-9605 can operate without power.

* Control inputs were adjusted, slightly increasing its airflow and temperature output.

These properties only manifest when SCP-9605 is directly handled by Dr. Quekett.

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET: 9605/Test/Observation/Vol.2◀</summary>

**Test #:** 58

**Item:** Poker chips.

**Result:** Branding was replaced by the letter "**Q**" and their preexisting numeric value had doubled. 

**Notes:** *Should've turned to goop by all accounts.* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 60

**Item:** Two balloons.

**Result:** The first balloon ruptured via thermal expansion (non-anomalous.) The other partially melted before solidifying into a miniature hot air balloon.

**Notes:** *Not a cheap toy, it's like the real thing shrunk down. First balloon? Helium. But the second was blown up by mouth. Here's the thing:*

*It was **my** mouth.*  --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 63

**Item:** Two lightbulbs.

**Result:** The first lightbulb melted. The one owned by Dr. Quekett partially melted, then solidified into a compact fluorescent lamp (CFL.)

**Notes:** *Definitely a pattern here.* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 64

**Item:** Two mirrors.

**Result:** The first mirror shattered. The second belong to Dr. Quekett; condensation manifested everywhere except the area containing his reflection. SCP-9605's inputs and outputs increased.

**Notes:** *It's impossible to deny at this point. The check-up said I'm still baseline but I know I factored into this somehow. So... what'd I do?* --Dr. Quekett.

**Test #:** 65

**Item:** Dr. Quekett's office.

**Result:** SCP-9605 malfunctioned.

**Notes:** *It wasn't **that** dusty! I clean after myself just fine.*

***UPDATE:** Remember back when we were blow-drying things to mush? Gavin presented a decent proposal (for once; just barely.) He thinks the trigger relates to something I did just before the incident. It's outlandish but it won't waste resources. I suppose I can humor him just this once.* --Dr. Quekett.

**Test #:** 66

**Item:** Dr. Quekett's office.

**Result:** Dr. Quekett complimented SCP-9605's theoretical capacity towards janitorial work. Functionality was immediately regained, allowing proper dusting to take place. SCP-9605's inputs and outputs increased.

**Notes:** *Excuse me?* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 67

**Item:** Candelabrum.

**Phrase:** "If only those candles were as hot as you."

**Result:** All candles lit, producing pink-coloured flames. Properties were neutralized when the item was relit. SCP-9605's inputs and outputs increased.

**Notes:** *That's the trigger? My voice?!* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 77

**Item:** Watermelon (whole.)

**Phrase:** "You're cool."

**Result:**  Exterior unaffected. When sliced, the interior was found to be completely converted into watermelon sorbet. SCP-9605's inputs and outputs increased.

**Notes:** *First time it produced cold air! Pardon with my enthusiasm. I never thought this was in the cards. We're sticking with the new parameter.* --Dr. Quekett.

**Test #:**  83

**Item:** Playing Cards (card tower.)

**Phrase:** "I love how gentle you are."

**Result:** SCP-9605 produced an intensive airflow. Despite this, the card tower remained standing. SCP-9605's inputs and outputs increased.

**Notes:** *Big sucker for compliments, huh?* --Dr. Quekett.

**Test #:** 90

**Item:** Invisible ink, paper.

**Phrase:** "My, my -- how revealing you are."

**Result:** Only sentences containing Dr. Quekett's name became visible. SCP-9605's inputs and outputs increased.

**Notes:** *The goal is to keep going until the controls are maxed. Don't know how long that will take ~~ some tests seem to have bigger **milage** than others, results included.* ~~Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 99

**Item:** Artificial rose.

**Phrase:** "Unlike that flower, what we have is real."

**Result:** No visible reaction. However, when physically inspected, the item was found to be an authentic rose. SCP-9605's inputs and outputs increased.

**Notes:** *A leftover from Test 40. Had it analyzed. Didn't find a speck of anything artificial!*

*It has to be the inputs; one more notch before it's on max. If that's truly the reason why we're getting better results, then full steam ahead. One more test should reel it in. And I think know the perfect way to do it.* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 100

**Item:** *[SEE BELOW]*

**Phrase:** *[SEE BELOW]*

**Result:** *[SEE BELOW]*

**Notes:** *[SEE BELOW]*

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

**D-01888:** Do you know what you're doing?

*[D-01888 sits in a chair while Dr. Quekett cuts and styles her hair.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** Yes... I worked at a... salon once.

**D-01888:** ...That's the best lie you could come up with?

**Dr. Quekett:** No.

**D-01888:** Cool.

**Dr. Wood:** Heh.

*[Dr. Wood glances at the nearby table. SCP-9605 lies upon it.]*

**Dr. Wood:** I'll say it again, this has been quite the venture! I mean... the thing practically *imprinted* on you--.

**Dr. Quekett:** Attuned Gavin, *attuned*. It has no [EVE](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/goc-supplemental-arad). You know, the thing that all living things produce?

**Dr. Wood:** It reacts to your voice.

**Dr. Quekett:** A.O.'s can do anything, including responding to sound. It's not unheard of. Even if it is particularly picky in this case.

**Dr. Wood:** And the objects it imbued with anomalies of their own?

**Dr. Quekett:** That's... we'll tackle it eventually.

**Dr. Wood:** That's not how you pronounce *touché*, bud. 

**Dr. Quekett:** ...Shut up.

*[After finishing D-01888's hair, Dr. Quekett picks up SCP-9605, pressing the trigger. Nothing happens. Dr. Quekett tilts his head.]*

**Dr. Wood:** It broke again?! I thought we passed this test with flying colors? 

**Dr. Quekett:** That's right, we did. Her hair's not dusty. So why...?

**D-01888:** Oh, so that's it then? Ah. In that case--

**Dr. Quekett:** You're going nowhere.

**D-01888:** But you guys just said it was broken!

**Dr. Quekett:** It is. And now, *I'm* going to fix it.

*[Dr. Quekett clears his throat, then eyes SCP-9605.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** Alright... you're beautiful.

*[Soft clicking emanates from SCP-9605.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** You're... the best thing I met in my life.

*[Loud clicking emanates from SCP-9605.]*

**D-01888:** What is--

**Dr. Wood:** Shh!

**Dr. Quekett:** I really mean it!

*[SCP-9605produces faint airflow.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** You are a... a loveable one of a kind?

*[SCP-9605produces moderate airflow.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** Good, good. Erm. Baby, I just... um... just can't get you out of mind!

*[SCP-9605 produces intensive airflow. Dr. Wood snickers. Dr. Quekett glares at him, then returns his gaze to SCP-9605.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** For my love for you... is one of a kind! *[pause]* I guess.

*[All of SCP-9605's control inputs shift to max setting. SCP-9605 suddenly shuts off, visibly confusing Dr. Quekett.]*

**D-01888:** Is... that supposed to happen?

**Dr. Quekett:** ...All of those compliments were acceptable. Right?

**Dr. Wood:** It got stupid, cheesy, and lovey-dovey but it didn't sound offensive.

*[Dr. Quekett folds his arms in contemplation, inadvertently positioning SCP-9605 in an upward angle. Dr. Quekett snaps his fingers.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** That's right. I didn't make the last compliment hair-related. I can't believe I forgot that--

*[SCP-9605 suddenly activates, sucking and latching onto Dr. Quekett's lips. All individuals present express shock. Dr. Quekett panics, attempting to pull SCP-9605 off himself with assistance from Dr. Wood. After several moments, SCP-9605 was successfully removed. Dr. Quekett falls backwards.]*

*[Dr. Wood sets SCP-9605 down, and rushes to Dr. Quekett. Dr. Quekett curses, breathing heavily while rubbing his lips. Both personnel eye SCP-9605; pink fluid leaks from its nozzle, staining the table and floor.]*

*[Dr. Wood and Dr. Quekett are silent. D-01888 whistles in astonishment.]*

= **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

@@ @@

**Addendum-03:** Despite being harmed, Dr. Quekett resumed testing.

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET: 9605/Test/Observation/Vol.3◀</summary>

= **{{**MEMORANDUM**}}**

"Harmed?" Strong word for a tiny bruise. That's where the good news ends.

It changed. *Again*:

* SCP-9605 is now invulnerable to physical damage;

* SCP-9605 can no longer be disassembled;

* SCP-9605 is immune towards attempts radiographically image its internals;

* I am the **only** individual capable of operating SCP-9605; stops for everyone else.

There's no "backseat" option here.

It's almost like it's steadily evolving. Is this going to keep happening until we reach the absolute limit? Does it even *have* a limit? Should we keep poking it with a stick and cross our fingers? Or do we stop, risking a potentially new, undiscovered factor coming back to bite us?

Maybe I'm just overthinking things. But the lab did request more samples of that goop (SCP-9605-A.) The anomaly's gone dry since that test; they want to conduct a thorough analysis. 

I obliged.

---Dr. Quekett.

**Test #:** 120

**Item:** Rose.

**Result:** Item turned pink and was later found incapable of wilting. Item was placed in storage. Small quantities of SCP-9605-A were produced.

**Notes:** *And they say lightning couldn't strike twice. But why hasn't its properties faded away yet?*

**Test #:** 124

**Item:** Diamond ring.

**Result:** Diamond shattered, revealing a pink, heart-shaped gemstone in its place. Item emits rhythmic pulsations when in Dr. Quekett's prescene. Item was placed in storage. Moderate quantities of SCP-9605-A were produced.

**Notes:** *Another case of the properties staying. Interesting.*

*Just got back from the lab. The "goop" is actually a "complex hydrocarbon-based substance, highly concentrated in fatty acids, lacking any antigenic properties." It's no more dangerous than wax or oil, practically lipstick.* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 140

**Item:** Cake.

**Result:** SCP-9605 did not blow-dry, instead staining the cake with a large quantity of SCP-9605-A. Item grew, transforming into a pink wedding cake, possessing a heart-shaped pattern and a single groom cake topper. 

**Notes:** *...Transformation without blow-drying. It's getting stronger. I have never seen a transmuted item become that big (18 inches). And yes, I'm aware of the trend. The skip's pink, there's a possible connection there. Can't say the same about the hearts.* --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 141

**Item:** Strand of Dr. Quekett's hair.

**Result:** The hair was sucked into SCP-9605 and could not be retrieved. The anomaly then leaked SCP-9605-A afterwards, which appeared hot pink.

**Notes:** *9605 only behaves this way towards items that maintain extensive physical contact with me. It's a theory I crafted since the **incident**.*

*I... don't know what else to say.*  --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 142

**Item:** Articles of clothing belonging to Dr. Quekett.

**Result:** Items were autonomously sucked into SCP-9605 without issue.*Should be physically impossible.* --Dr. Quekett. The anomaly eventually expelled pink tuxedo. The tuxedo possessed a bowtie and a handkerchief, both of which carried a heart-shaped pattern. 

SCP-9605-A was again produced afterward, which was dark pink.

**Notes:** *Lab says -A has a lower hume counter than normal. And again, we have another alternative transmutation. Could this be it? Humes would give credence to its properties. But if that's the case why didn't we find that tidbit during preliminary analysis?*

*Also, the pink n' hearts. Nearly every item post-alteration has it. But I wonder... if that's what pops out, what happens if something similar were to be **popped in?*** --Dr. Quekett

**Test #:** 143

**Item:** Ring.Sourced from Test 136. Item was extensively worn by Dr. Quekett prior to testing.

**Result:** SCP-9605 activated autonomously, sucking in the item. The anomaly emanated loud mechanical whirring before expelling a makeshift ring constructed from hardened SCP-9605-A (colored rogue pink ) and strands of Dr. Quekett's hair. 

The next day, the ring taken by SCP-9605 was found inserted halfway through the plug of the anomaly's power cord.

**Notes:** ~~*Wedding cakes, hearts, tuxedos and now... rings? What's the commonality? It's almost like it wants something from me.* ~~Dr. Quekett--

*...Oh.* 

**Test #:** 144

**Phrase:** "Hello?"

**Result:** Light red SCP-9605-A was produced.

**Notes:** N/A.

**Test #:** 145

**Phrase:** "If you can understand me, give me a response."

**Result:** Identical results (Test 144.)

**Notes:** N/A.

**Test #:** 146

**Phrase:** "No, I mean a *real* response."

**Result:** Identical results (Test 144.)

**Notes:** N/A.

= *[EXTRATENIOUS DATA REMOVED FOR BREVITY]*

**Test #:** 160

**Phrase:** "Blah blah blah?"

**Result:** Identical results (Test 144.)

**Notes:** N/A.

**Test #:** 161

**Phrase:** "You're not really alive are you?"

**Result:** Identical results (Test 144.)

**Notes:** N/A.

**Test #:** 171

**Phrase:** "Hm... you do realize... ([Sigh] screw it.) you do realize we're never married, right?

**Result:** Red SCP-9605-A was produced.

**Notes:** N/A.

**Test #:** 172

**Phrase:** "That wasn't an actual proposal. It was... for the test."

**Result:** Cherry red SCP-9605-A was produced.

**Notes:** N/A.

**Test #:** 173

**Phrase:** "Everything was a whole misunderstanding. I'm not interested in a relationship."

**Result:** Scarlet red SCP-9605-A was produced. 

**Notes:** N/A.

**Test #:** 174

**Phrase:** "We were never a thing."

**Result:** Mahogany red SCP-9605-A was produced.

**Notes:** N/A.

**Test #:** 175

**Phrase:** "I *never* loved you."

**Result:** SCP-9605 remained inactive for several minutes before producing black SCP-9605-A.

**Notes:** *[SEE ADDENDUM-04]*

= **{{**ADDENDUM-04**}}**

Following Test 175, SCP-9605 no longer responded to Dr. Quekett's attempts to operate it. During the latest examination, personnel discovered that the anomaly's properties had been lost. SCP-9605 is currently held at Site-10, Sector 5 for extended observation to ensure its non-anomalous status. If this condition is met, SCP-9605 will be reclassified to Neutralized.

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

*[The interior of a laboratory is shown. A glass box is partially out of frame.]*

*[The camera moves left, then back right. The box is now absent. A loud "shattering" sound is audible.]*

*[A faint light emanates in the background. Specifically, by the computer lab (offscreen.)]*

@@ @@

**To:**  Jessie Quekett

**From:** Gavin Wood

**Subject:** URGENT

---

You busy?

@@ @@

**To:** Gavin Wood

**From:** Jessie Quekett

**Subject:** Re: URGENT

---

No. What happened?

@@ @@

**To:**  Jessie Quekett

**From:** Gavin Wood

**Subject:** Re: URGENT

---

They need you in Room 306 pronto.

@@ @@

**To:** Gavin Wood

**From:** Jessie Quekett

**Subject:** Re: URGENT

---

What? **Why?!**

And who's they? The supervisor? The Site Director?!

@@ @@

**To:** Gavin Wood

**From:** Jessie Quekett

**Subject:** Re: URGENT

---

I don't know! Someone just told me that you're needed there. Like **right** now.

I don't know about "who" either but... I think there was talk about the O5?

@@ @@

**To:** Gavin Wood

**From:** Jessie Quekett

**Subject:** Re: URGENT

---

...

Be right over.

@@ @@

*[Dr. Quekett rushes into the room, heavily panting. His breath steadies, observing the room as he closes the door. He examines his surroundings again in confusion until he spots the counter.]*

*[Dr. Quekett goes around the counter, then gasps. He moves off screen, returning with a dust pan. He scoops up debris from the floor, placing the pan onto the counter.]*

*[Contained within the pan are broken shards; one of them possesses a label. Dr. Quekett sees the label. He frowns, immediately pulling out his pager.]* 

@@ @@

= **<begin call>**

**DR. WOOD:** Hey Jess, what's--

**DR. QUEKETT:** Where are they?

**DR. WOOD:** I... what?

**DR. QUEKETT:** You said somebody's at Room 306. No one's here.

**DR. WOOD:** Uh... hold--

**DR. QUEKETT:** You absolutely sure it's 306? Also, the glass for the case is--.

**DR. WOOD:** Why are you there of all places?!

**DR. QUEKETT:** I just told you why. You just emailed me about it!

**DR. WOOD:** Emailed about what...?

**DR. QUEKETT:** ...Did you happen to use the computers here by chance?

**DR. WOOD:** ...No?

**DR. QUEKETT:** ....

**Dr. WOOD:** Jess... are you okay? Should I like... call someon--

= **<end call>**

@@ @@

*[Dr. Quekett appears agitated as he looks towards the direction of the computer lab. One of the monitors is still on. Loud mechanical whirring is audible. Dr. Quekett tenses as he turns around, his pages fall from his hands.]*

*[SCP-9605 is hanging off the ground, upside down. It is blow-drying the door handle, promptly melting it. The anomaly deactivates, then slowly rotates towards Dr. Quekett's direction. It is leaking black SCP-9605-A.]*

*[Dr. Quekett scrambles to reach his pager when he is suddenly hoisted in the air by his feet. A power cord appears to slither and maneuver around his body, fully restraining him. Dr. Quekett regardless attempts to break free of his restraints to no avail.]*

*[He stops when the power cord's plug dangles directly into his field of vision. A pink, heart-shaped ring is attached to it. After several moments, the plug is hoisted towards the ceiling. In contrast, SCP-9605 is directly lowered in front of Dr. Quekett's face.]*

*[He remains still, breathing deeply and slowly. Pink beads of SCP-9605-A is appears to leak from SCP-9605's nozzle.]*

*[Dr. Quekett panics as SCP-9605 slowly approaches closer to his face. He closes his eyes. SCP-9605 produces a slight suction force, sticking onto Dr. Quekett's face for several seconds before releasing. Dr. Quekett opens his eyes in surprise.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** Huh?

*[SCP-9605 continues to hang in front of Dr. Quekett. Dr. Quekett chuckles, expressing confusion.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** Huh... that really... that wasn't actually bad as I thought--

*[SCP-9605 suddenly emits projectile SCP-9605-A at full force. The force of production is so intense, it causes SCP-9605 to swing around the room wildly. SCP-9605 demonstrates this behaviour for approximately 10 minutes before stopping.]*

*[A majority of the room is coated in SCP-9605-A, ruining most of the equipment stationed there. Dr. Quekett himself is completely covered in SCP-9605-A. Initially, he expresses shock, but quickly adopts a deadpan expression near the end of the process.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** Wow.

*[Both SCP-9605 and Dr. Quekett remain silent for several moments when Dr. Gavin and security personnel enter the room. All present personnel are visibly astonished seeing the lab. Dr. Quekett spots Dr. Gavin.]*

**Dr. Quekett:** ...Hey.

**Dr. Wood:** ...Hey.

*[The room is silent for a moment, before the ceiling supporting SCP-9605 breaks, causing the anomaly and Dr. Quekett to fall onto the floor. Security personnel immediately rush to Dr. Quekett's position.]*

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= **{{**INCIDENT-9605-A**}}**

As of 02/14/2025, SCP-9605 is now under quarantine with an active SRA placed in its vicinity. Only female personnel are allowed to interact with the anomaly until further notice. Following INCIDENT-9605-A Dr. Quekett resigned from the SCP-9605 research project.

Following resignation, Dr. Quekett requested a chemical shower and amnestic treatment. Request accepted.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-9604](SCP-9604) | SCP-9605 | [SCP-9606](SCP-9606) >>

> **Filename:** File:Hairdryer 20101109.jpg

> **Name:** File:Hairdryer 20101109.jpg

> **Author:** Batholith

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hairdryer_20101109.jpg
