**Item #:** SCP-9956

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9956 is to be kept in a 10m by 10m by 7.5m concrete room. The walls must be at least 12 inches thick. SCP-9956 is not allowed human contact, so it will be maintained by remote controlled robots when needed. SCP-9956 must not be allowed near a chess set or any items of one under **any circumstances**. If, somehow, SCP-9956 does enter the immediate vicinity of a chessboard or chess pieces, a D-class worker must be sent to attempt to remove the new chess set from SCP-9956's area as fast as possible. The retrieved chess pieces will be incinerated immediately.

**Description:** SCP-9956 is a sentient chessboard equipped with all of the pieces (both black and white). It possesses the ability to levitate and fly around at will, with the highest observed speed being 44 (forty-four) miles per hour. 

SCP-9956 has the ability to psychically persuade humans into playing a game of chess with it (on its own board), reaching humans up to 32 (thirty-two) square metres around it. The effect is dampened by concrete, with 12 (twelve) inches or more completely nullifying it. 

Any humans playing SCP-9956 will always be white and start first, while SCP-9956 will always be black. The chess match itself has no abnormal or unique qualities other than SCP-9956's skill, comparable to that of a grandmaster. If the human beats SCP-9956 and puts it in checkmate, SCP-9956 will lose a chess piece, starting with the lowest valued (pawns) up to the highest (king). It is theorized that if SCP-9956 loses all of their pieces, they will 'die'. Currently, they are down 3 (three) pawns, having lost to [REDACTED], [REDACTED], and [REDACTED]. If, however, SCP-9956 wins (the most common event by far), the human playing will immediately drop dead, brain disappearing from their skull instantly.

The same human may not play SCP-9956 twice, therefore rendering anyone who won or drew with SCP-9956 impervious to its psychic enthrallment. This has been used to get Foundation agents a loophole permitting them to keep SCP-9956 under Foundation capture, but it is incredibly difficult to even stalemate SCP-9956 due to its impressive skill. Out of a sanctioned 58 (fifty-eight) matches, SCP-9956 only lost three and drew four. 51 (fifty-one) people lost and were killed.

It appears that SCP-9956 does not want to or attempt to kill the humans it duels, it simply wants to play a game of chess regardless of what happens to the loser.
