It is I Dutch. I have written more stuff!  [DrowningDutchman](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/drowningdutchman-author-page)

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

:root{

  --header-title: "Site-⌘";

  --header-subtitle: "Department of Surrealistics";

}

div#extra-div-1 {

    background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-6445/Surrealistics-Logo.png);

    filter: opacity(20%);

}

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures**:

A perimeter site has been set up around the area known to be affected by the anomaly. No unauthorized people are allowed in the vicinity of the perimeter site. The extent of the anomalous zone is to be tested weekly to ensure expansion does not go unnoticed. The nearby town of ██████Forszetten | superfluous redaction  has been evacuated, and any people affected by the anomaly have been amnesticized and fed alternative narratives where necessary. All personnel working at this facility are to remain on high alert for people attempting to return to the river.

Any personnel affected by SCP-9137 are to be quarantined. Where possible, affected individuals are to be reassigned to a new site. Where this is not feasible, they are to be retired.

**Description:** 

SCP-9137 proper refers to a river that suddenly appeared within the ████████ region of ██████ Württemberg region, Germany| superfluous redaction. The appearance of the river has led to water from the anomalous zone contaminating the groundwater in use by the nearby town of ██████  Forszetten | superfluous redaction .

The main anomalous zone generated by SCP-9137 extends roughly 200 meters along the path of the river, and up to 70 meters away from its banks. The anomalous zone has not extended past this point since ████ 1952| superfluous redaction. Since the original discovery, 7 people have been afflicted by the effects of SCP-9137, bringing the full tally of people affected to 63see surrealistics report for full correction.

Official records of the effects of SCP-9137 go back to 1952, when reports of spontaneous amputations started surfacing from a small town in the ██████ region of ████████ Württemberg region, Germany |superfluous redaction. The specific effect differs per person, but all of them are linked by eventual spontaneous amputations of different limbs. The limbs severed by the effects of the anomaly appear rejected by the host body.

People affected by SCP-9137 express a desire to return to the anomaly despite lacking the knowledge of either its location or existence. The perimeter site of SCP-9137 has ensured no affected person has been able to return to the river.

Observations made within the perimeter site of SCP-9137 show that the limbs separated by the effects of the anomaly remain mobile after detachment. The limbs express the same desire to return to the river as the people that lost them.

Addendum A: Surrealistics report

@@ @@

 {{##red|Surrealistics Report##}} 

---

@@ @@

{{**Meta-analysis**}}

{{**Lead Researcher**}}

{{Isodore Hernandez (Head of the Department of Meta Analysis, subdepartment of Surrealistics)}}

{{**Meta Analysis concluded on**}}

{{25-03-2026}}

{{**Summary**}}

{{Meta-analysis of SCP-9137 has shown many signs of intentional obfuscation of facts pertaining to experiments of the early Department of Surrealistics. Effects noted to be caused by the anomaly now appear to be directly caused by Foundation experimentation in the region at the time. Additions, addendums, and other various edits are to be made to the original database entry. }}

The Foundation in the past was no stranger to experimentation on unwilling and unknowing subjects, and every specific department is currently working to correct any missing and/or incomplete database entries. The database entry for SCP-9137 has been flagged by personnel for years for seeming incomplete, rushed, and generally unprofessional. The Surrealistics Department has acquired old logs and other documentation surrounding SCP-9137 and has started a meta-analysis inquiry into the actual events and facts pertaining to this anomaly.

Context from experimentation documentation at the time shows that the propagation of the anomaly and its effects into the nearby town of Forszetten was directly caused by Foundation experimentation. This caused a share of water with anomalous properties to partially get into the groundwater used by the town of Forszetten and be diffused into the air.

New insights have shown that this was known early on and was used as a justification to run a covert experiment on the effects of this water on the people nearby. There is clear evidence this was intentional and not an unforeseen consequence of the tests being run.

This means that all exposures to SCP-9137 were directly caused by actions the Foundation took at the time. This means the total number of people affected by SCP-9137 since its discovery comes to the known 63, plus another 8 that have gone without official documentation and/or have been actively covered up. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

Addendum B: Surfaced Foundation report 1952

@@ @@

@@ @@

 {{##red|SCP Foundation Emergency report##}} 

---

@@ @@

{{Emergency report pertaining to SCP-9137 02-07-1952}}

{{**Mission Statement**}}

{{Adressing the newest findings pertaining to SCP-9137 and the propagation}}

{{**Lead Researcher**}}

{{Dr. C.W. Scheffer}}

{{**Conclusion**}}

{{SCP-9137 Database entry is in the works, all other documentation to be destroyed}}

{{New information has come to light through experimentation using SCP-9137. The town of Forszetten has served as a useful sample size to study the various effects SCP-9137 has on people. We have gained many insights from observing the goings-on in the town and supplying medical personnel to take care of the people losing limbs, which is why the next part is going to complicate things.}}

{{It has come to our attention that some people from the town have started connecting our arrival to the 'strange happenings' and 'spontaneous bodily harm', which means that by the day there is a higher chance people will come to collect the answers they think they want. They do not know the complicated nature of their situation, but we are already working to implement the planned solution. }}

{{Currently, people are starting to be evacuated from Forszetten under the guise of pollutants in the river tainting the groundwater and the location itself becoming unsafe. Evacuations are taking place on a daily basis and demolition of the town is projected to be able to commence by 24-09-1952).}}

{{The official SCP database entry for SCP-9137 is currently being created by junior researcher D. Mauer and will have to suffice for the time being; the entry will be polished in the future after all other documentation that must not fall into the wrong hands is destroyed.}}

{{The planned stockpiles for potential future projects were around 50% complete. I advise these only be used for unavoidable testing and the possible future conflicts that may arise. The stored transformed entities will remain at the perimeter site until it is no longer sustainable.}}

@@ @@

@@ @@

Test "Repatriation"

15-01-1952

Presiding researcher

Dr. C.W. Scheffer

Test Description

One of the procured detached limbs that has shown recent activity will be released into the main body of the river of SCP-9137. 

Results

An arm that has shown persistent activity was taken from perimeter site storage and taken to the riverbank.  As soon as the arm was released from the transport carrier and placed on the bank of the river, it started moving towards the water. As the limb reached the water, no direct effect was observed and all movement ceased. To protect personnel from the harmful effects of the river, the limb was left where it went inert. 

##red|Addendum 18-01-1952##

Three days after the test, movement was observed from the arm that had been inert in the river since its testing day. The skin of the limb was observed to start pulsing; the fingers rearranged themselves, bending in unnatural ways and shifting over the surface of the skin. The pulsations and rearrangement of fingers lasted approximately an hour from the first observation; it is unknown how long the transformation had been going on at the point we were made aware of it.

After 30 minutes, the limb was no longer recognisable compared to its first state. The thumb and pinky finger had moved back across the arm and deformed into what seemed to be wing-like appendages. The other fingers fused together and to the palm of the hand. 

After the transformation, the arm started moving on its own again, quickly shooting up out of the water and attempting to fly away. 

The limb was caught and stored away. It is to be sent out for further testing to the closest main Foundation site that can handle this (exact site to be determined.)

@@ @@

Addendum C: Surrealistics logs

@@ @@

@@ @@

 {{##red|Meta Analysis query for SCP-9137##}} 

---

@@ @@

{{**Date:** 15-01-2026}}

@@ @@

{{Dear Ms Hernandez,}}

@@ @@

{{An official query has been opened for the Meta Analysis of Database entry: SCP-9137.}}

@@ @@

{{The official stated reason for the opened query is: code 3.4: Unregistered Experimentation.}}

@@ @@

{{Please review this request and decide if manual action is required.}}

@@ @@

{{Query notification message automatically generated.}}

**To:** G.C. Russell

**From:** I. Hernandez

**Subject:** Meta Analysis SCP-9137

---

Hey,

@@ @@

This is fully just an e-mail to air my frustrations what was just thrown onto my plate.

@@ @@

This Database entry is absolutely terrible, no quality control nowadays would allow this to fly and I have no idea how it took this long for this to be flagged.

@@ @@

I can't drop this on a junior or honestly anyone,  this is too big a mess.

@@ @@

I will probably be out of commission for a while if I want to get to the bottom of this, but honestly the mess it currently is should be used as an example of what not to do. It's almost embarrassing this has been in the database for a good 70 years and counting. Someone has to have scanned it and of course they didn't pay enough attention to how absolutely useless this entry is.

Frustrated and barely hanging on,

Isadore Hernandez,

Head of Meta Analysis, Subdepartment of Surrealistics.

@@ @@

# Official notice of pending reclassification.

---

### This is an official notice for the reclassification of SCP-9137 from Keter to Euclid pending under review and pending per 07-03-2026

<< [SCP-9136](SCP-9136) | SCP-9137 | [SCP-9138](SCP-9138) >>

> **Filename:** 9405265230_ace04a1369_b.jpg

> **Name:** Breathtaking nature!

> **Author:** ANNE LOTTE

> **License:** CC BY 2.0.

> **Source Link:** https://live.staticflickr.com/5511/9405265230_ace04a1369_b.jpg
