@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Anek+Latin:wght@400;640&display=swap');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Orbitron:wght@700&display=swap');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Space+Mono:ital,wght@0,400;0,700;1,400;1,700&display=swap');

.table0{

    border-collapse: collapse;

    border: 1px solid #013737;

    border-spacing: 0;

    font-family: Anek Latin;

    margin: 0.5em auto;

    width: 100%; 

}

.cell0a{

    background-color: #013737;

    border: 1px solid #013737;

    color: #00FFFF;

    font-weight: bold;

    padding: 0.3em 0.7em;

    text-align: center;

    vertical-align: middle;

    white-space: nowrap;

    width: 15%

}

.cell0b{

    background-color: #013737;

    border: 1px solid #013737;

    color: #00FFFF;

    font-weight: bold;

    padding: 0.3em 0.7em;

    text-align: center;

    white-space: nowrap;

}

.cell1a{

    background-color: #F8F8F8;

    border: 1px solid #013737;

    padding: 0.3em 0.7em;

    vertical-align: middle;

    white-space: nowrap;

}

.cell1b{

    background-color: #F8F8F8;

    border: 1px solid #013737;

    padding: 0.3em 0.7em;

    vertical-align: middle;

}

---

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** Extensive knowledge and access to SCP-9931 objects and media is restricted to personnel of Clearance 4/9931 or above. All personnel of Clearance 5/9931 report to the office of [O5-10](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/o5-command-dossier) directly.

Pertinent knowledge of SCP-9931 will be issued to operatives of [Mobile Task Force Phi-2 "Clever Girls"](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#phi-2) below Clearance 4/9931 at the discretion of appropriate superiors. As of 20 September 2045, three (3) embedded field agents are assigned to the search and retrieval of any further SCP-9931 objects at the following Locations of Interest: #401829, #401830, #45068. 

SCP-9931-1, -2, and -3 are contained in Medium Security Archeological Storage at [CASKSK-Site-65](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/welcome-to-wonderful-site-65). Accompanying documentation is to refer to these items collectively as Anomalous Object #1829.

SCP-9931-4a though -4o are in a medium security storage locker at [USCASC-Site-15](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/aiad-homescreen). Duplicated files are stored on Server 181519520201 for review and deciphering by artificial intelligence constructs Bouchard.aic, Champollion.aic, and Dr. Benson Roth, D.C.Sc (all Clearance 5/9931).

---

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-9931 is a series of pre-Anthropocene technofossils excavated from siltstone strata in the Scollard Formation at Alberta, Canada. Location of discovery extended a depth of 72.19 to 73.18 meters below surface, just under the Cretaceous–Paleogene boundary. 

SCP-9931 violates the law of superposition. Reliable radiometric dating methods on SCP-9931 and layers of strata adjacent to discovery place both at an age of 66.46 million years BP; Both towards the tail end of the Late Cretaceous period (100.48–66.46 MYA). These dates correspond to the Campanian age (83.55–72.12 MYA), the penultimate division of the period, preceding the Maastrichtian (72.12–66.46 MYA), which ended with the [Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/a-fancy-dinosaur).  Despite this, the layers of strata are in order with the rest of the excavation site, showing no signs of a hole being excavated and filled back in.

#### V-Appendix 9931.Inv.13

****SCP-9931-1****

SCP-9931-1 is a cylindrical concrete container, with rough exterior dimensions of 99.28 × *d* 64.26 cm and interior of 79.31 × *d* 46.19 cm. Concrete had cracked and through this exposure iron rebar had corroded almost entirely, but SCP-9931-1 retained general structure. Exterior surface indicates SCP-9931-1 was not cast in the ground. 

Lid was pinned with rebar and sealed with concrete. Interior was divided into three sections by grates composed of a bronze alloy, since corroded into copper and tin minerals. Primarily bornite, malachite, and cassiterite.  Despite the resulting loss of material strength and damage sustained to the upper grate, both were found intact. (See **Dossier: SCP-9931-1** for detail.)

All other SCP-9931 objects were recovered inside.

****SCP-9931-2****

SCP-9931-2 is the fragmentary remains of what was once a presumably functional electronic device affixed to the interior face of the lid of SCP-9931-1 when it was sealed. Item had fallen to the floor of the first chamber and was neutralized, but it is indeterminable if this occurred before discovery or during transport.

Metal components had degraded into bornite and similar decomposite ores an unknown magnitude of time before discovery. Stable carbon isotopes, silicates, and some polymer components have not degraded, notably among them a hermetically sealed vial found to contain [permineralized neural tissue](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8373), interfaced with the remains of a microelectrode array. It is believed that SCP-9931-2's intended purpose was to extend the longevity of SCP-9931, shielding the items from interferences with local reality and/or retroactive causality. (See **Dossier: SCP-9931-2** for detail.)

****SCP-9931-3****

SCP-9931-3 is a box comprised of carbon and metallic ore, approximately 37.52 × 20.04 × 16.67 cm, found in good condition. The metal base was constructed from bronze alloy, also corroded. Carbon fibers lining the exterior and interior of SCP-9931-3 have largely preserved its structural integrity, unlike SCP-9931-2. 

Pitting found on the width of the container and lid indicate SCP-9931-3 locked or latched closed mechanically, but the exposed mechanisms have deteriorated completely. Contents of SCP-9931-3 were found partially embedded in a plastiglomerate compiled at the basin of the container. This plastiglomerate is believed to have been a polyurethane-based foam meant to insulate or cushion SCP-9931-4. (See **Dossier: SCP-9931-3** for detail.)

****SCP-9931-4****

SCP-9931-4 is the collection of fifteen (15) digital storage devices found contained within SCP-9931-3. All instances are the same design of nanoshuttle memory device, A highly compact, nonvolatile storage device utilizing molecular machines. Binary data is stored by shuttling molecules or ions between two states along another molecule it is either mechanically interlocked around (a "molecular shuttle") or inside of (a "nanoparticle shuttle"). Depending on composition and conditions, a nanoshuttle memory device can last up to tens of millions of years without corruption of the stored data. 

Further reading: **Begtrup, G. E.; Gannett, W.; Yuzvinsky, T. D.; Crespi, V. H.; et al. (13 May 2009). "[Nanoscale Reversible Mass Transport for Archival Memory](https:*web.archive.org/web/20120119124854/http:*www.physics.berkeley.edu/research/zettl/pdf/363.NanoLet.9-Begtrup.pdf)". *Nano Letters*. 9 (5): 1835–1838.** operating off of iron nanoparticles inside of multi-walled carbon nanotubes (MWCNT). Each SCP-9931-4 is comparable in complexity and design to civilian nanotech advancements of the late 2020s, and has a storage capacity of 187.5 terabytes. (See **Portal:SCP-9931-4** for full archive.)

Character encoding is represented by variable-length 3-bit or 5-bit code units, as opposed to 4-bit multiples. Decoding of contents has supplied audio and visual media, including a character set of 78,320 characters, comprising eleven (11) different writing scripts (not including an ideographic text markup), corresponding to eleven or potentially more (11+) languages.

As of 20 September 2045, these languages have not been fully deciphered, but from structure and associated recordings of phonetics, their scripts are logographic and either syllabic, semi-syllabic, or alphasyllabic; and are read top-down progressing right. Typography is comprised primarily from linear strokes, arced strokes, and simple diacritics, with little use of loops or counters. Photos indicate these characters originated as a form of inscription using [teeth and claws](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1472). Due to their use in the computer language, the numerals, text markup, and order in the character set is the most that has been discerned. Most context derived from SCP-9931-4 has been through photo, video, and mathematical equations. (See **Linguistic Analysis: Cretaceous Language Family (GoI-9931)** for detail.)

Contents of SCP-9931-4 indicate that SCP-9931 originated from an advanced society of Late Cretaceous dinosaurs, comparable in technology to humanity, and was utilized by a research organization of unknown directive or operation. For purposes of clarity, this society has been provided the tentative name of the "Anomalous Campanian Culture Group" (ACCG; Group of Interest #9931), and this organization the "ACCG Organization" (Group of Interest #9931-A). (See **Group of Interest Dossier: GoI-9931** and subfolders for detail.)

The majority of files on SCP-9931-4 consist of visual and auditory documentation from the ACCG Organization, but cultural media presumed to originate from a larger cosm of the culture group are also included in substantial amount. Photography and videography depicts at least six species of civilized dinosaurs, prominent pictured among the ACCG Organization is a species of pachysaurid undiscovered to civilian paleontology and has yet to be found in the stratigraphic record. *Pachycephalosaurus ectostratus* ([Moira & Smith](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/two-time), 2031), designated Species of Interest #317. Type specimen is designated [SCP-317-1](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-317) ##grey|(neutralized)##. 

Further reading: **[Wood-Willowby, L.D.](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5745); [Fernsby, M.](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/twin-sites-hub); Smith, J.A.; [Axi, Y.I.](http:*scp-int.wikidot.com/scp-zh-545); et al. (4 Aug 2033). "Newest Observation of Prehistoric Life Found Alive and Estranged From Time". *Autopsy Table: A Foundation Journal of Cryptobiology//. 12 (4): 570–581.**

#### V-Appendix 9931.4Ex.7

As of 20 September 2045, Over 2.4 million files across 84 different files types have been compiled from automated review of SCP-9931-4 and converted into standards used by Foundation operating systems. These files total 166.53 TB of an estimated 173 TB.

All contents of SCP-9931-4a through -4n have been duplicated and converted. Assigned artificial intelligence constructs Bouchard.aic and Champollion.aic project review of SCP-9931-4o at 56% complete. 

Below varied example size of individual or series of photos, videos, and audios:

SCP-9931-4

Converted file name(s)

Description of contents

SCP-9931-4a

[4A-FolderA1A] ACG438 dinosaur scholarship ##grey|(1–12)##.9931fmt3 ##grey|(image format)##

Three (3) bipedal dinosaurs of different species (an oviraptorid, a pachysaurid, and a troodontid) clothed in tunics standing in an office. The instances are varyingly pictured shaking hands, vocalizing, and writing on paper or dry-erase board.

SCP-9931-4b

[4B-FolderD2] ACG438 album (13).9931fmt6 ##grey|(audio-video format)##

Video consists of a still image, an album cover of a *Velociraptor* in a cocktail dress, singing on stage with fireworks. The number "4500" in title is prominent, presumably representing a calendar year. Audio is of a musical performance utilizing 2/4 and 4/4 time signatures. Vocalist sings in soprano with frequent trills at the end of a lyric. Instrumental consists of string, percussion, and occasional brass instruments.

SCP-9931-4c

[4C-FolderG1B] AccompanyingAudio.9931fmt2 ##grey|(audio format)##

[4C-FolderG1B] Nedoceratops wall pyroclastic ##grey|(1–6)##.9931fmt5 ##grey|(image format)##

An enclosed concrete room with the severed [charred head of a ceratopsid](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-563)  Tentatively identified as *Nedoceratops hatcheri// (Lull vide Hatcher, 1905).  Extant circa 67.6– 66.2 MYA.  mounted on wall. Floor and wall is littered with ashes, soot, and small debris. Mouth is open to varying degrees across photos. An audio file of throat singing with intermittent redactions was recovered in the same folder.

SCP-9931-4e

[4E-FolderA1] Eutricondont w typewriter (1).9931fmt11 ##grey|(audio-video format)##

An unidentified eutriconodont is introduced to a typewriter and an empty planter box. After apparent instruction by the recorder and despite its size, the mammal shows proficient skill as a typist while an unidentified eudicot rapidly grows and spouts. Subject stops to consume the bright purple, fleshy fruits borne from the plant.

SCP-9931-4h

[4H-FolderE5E] SatCalc65MYA ##grey|(1–30)##.9931fmt58 ##grey|(text format)##

Collection of 30,000 sets of measurements and calculations attributed to "alpha"-numeric designations, detailing the trajectories of extraterrestrial or extrasolar objects. The moon, all major planets from [Mercury](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3965) to [Neptune](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/hippocampus-of-triton), and the dwarf planet [Ceres](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6793) have been identified through comparison to projections of their locations 65 MYA. 451 projected trajectories have a ≥1% risk of collision with the Earth, 36 in the century of calculation.

SCP-9931-4i

[4I-FolderC1] ACG438t sauropod mountain grazing.9931fmt3 ##grey|(image format)##

Scan of photograph. Pictures a quadrupedal sauropod Tentatively identified as *Europasaurus holgeri* (Mateus *et al*, 2006). Fossil records attest *Europasaurus sp.* were extant circa 154–151.5 MYA, indicating [an anachronism](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1265). grazing on unknown vegetation. Sauropod is not clothed, and does not appear to acknowledge the photographer. Climate and mountain range at horizon appear to correspond to a section of Appalachian Plateau overlooking the Ariondack Mountains.

SCP-9931-4k

[4K-FolderB2N1] SoI-82025 arthropod fibrous ##grey|(1–10)##.9931fmt5 ##grey|(image format)##

Deceased specimens of unknown terrestrial arthropods. Texture appears woody and fibrous. Ruler for scale inserted post-photography indicates specimens to range between 3 and 8 units of measurement.

SCP-9931-4m

[4M-FolderA5] Tyranosaurus text.9931fmt31 ##grey|(text format)## [!~~ fuck, that's a good pun. i'm proud. ~~]

Single page text document. Page border is solid black with the number "1273" at left-hand header. Contents consists solely of [anomalous text](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/scp-105-jp)-based visual art of an indistinct tyrannosaurid. Graphic is animate and responds with hostility to computer cursor, despite no code corresponding to animation or cursor position tracking. If the graphic "consumes" the cursor, all associated graphics and drivers to the cursor will be deleted from the host computer.

SCP-9931-4o

[4O-FolderF4C] LoI05 ##grey|(1–34)##.9931fmt4 ##grey|(image format)##

[4O-FolderF4C] LoI05IR ##grey|(1–29)##.9931fmt8 ##grey|(image format)##

Visible and infrared photography. Passageway approximately 2–2.5 meters in height carved through limestone cave. Pillars, arches, and antechamber are ornate but uneven. Recently deceased dromaesaurids, No photos focus on the cadavers, but damage to environment indicate signs of shrapnel or firearm use.  flowering vines, and cloth tapestries found throughout location.

SCP-9931-4o

[4O-FolderI7A] ACG438 tech schema 1204.9931fmt15 ##grey|(multimedia format)##

201-page schematic for a compact device with an internal power source. Exact composition and function of the device is uncertain, but determined to be SCP-9931-2 or a prototype. Diagrams for a primary battery, nanoshuttle switches, a [tachyonic field emitter](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/reach-s-blueprint-folder), and an inorganic-organic interface with [dense neural cell cultures](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/grant-request-for-the-manufacture-of-devices-to-regulate) have been identified.

(See **Portal:SCP-9931-4** for full archive of summaries and front-facing documents.)

---

**HISTORY:** SCP-9931 was discovered 21 June 2045 by coal miners at the Rumsey Quarry, located southeast of the Dry Island Buffalo Jump Provincial Park in Alberta, Canada (since designated Location of Interest #45068). Embedded webcrawlers were flagged to correspondence between paleological associates and Korite & Westmoreland International detailing SCP-9931-1. Mobile Task Forces Phi-2 "Clever Girls" and Sigma-66 "Steel Veil" were dispatched to secure SCP-9931, amnesticize civilians, and expunge correspondences.

SCP-9931-1 was designated SCP-9931 on 22 June. Efforts to open SCP-9931-1 was authorized the same day, leading to the discovery and catalogue of the contents with their current designations. Safe containment, Dark disruption, and Notice risk classification were assigned by O5-10, overseer of SCP-9931 activities. The Reverse Engineering and Application Division, Department of Informational Technologies (READ, DIT) was assigned with designing a device to interface with SCP-9931-4.

The first functional device was brought online on 5 August to attempt interface with SCP-9931-4a. When the non-standard format of SCP-9931-4 was confirmed, the Artificial Intelligence Applications Division (AIAD, DIT) assigned Bouchard.aic under supervision of Dr. Benson Roth, D.C.Sc, both trained in deciphering esoteric coding languages. On 13 August, a newly brought online artificial intelligence construct, Champollion.aic, was given inaugural assignment in translating the character languages. This process is ongoing.

As of 20 September 2045, an estimated 96.26% of SCP-9931-4 contents have been parsed and archived in Foundation standards. Files are expected to be fully compiled by October 2045.

---

.wrapper { 

        background: rgb(238, 242, 241);

        margin: auto; 

        text-align: left; 

        position: relative;

        -webkit-border-radius: 0px;

        -moz-border-radius: 0px;

        margin-bottom: 0px !important;

        width: 800px;

        white-space: nowrap;

        padding: 10px 10px 0px 10px;

    }

    .scrolls { 

        overflow-x: scroll;

        overflow-y: hidden;

        height: 320px;

        white-space: nowrap;

    } 

    .imageDiv img { 

        margin: 2px;

        max-height: 320px;

        cursor: pointer;

    display:inline-block;

    *display:inline;

    *zoom:1;

    vertical-align:top;

    }

.blinking{

    animation:blinkingText 1.2s infinite;

}

@keyframes blinkingText{

    0%{     color: #FF9944;    }

    49%{    color: #FF9944; }

    60%{    color: transparent; }

    99%{    color:transparent;  }

    100%{   color: #FF9944;    }

}

(1) Message from Champollion.aic (1)

 

[!--Need an AIC icon

--]

**##grey|@##Champollion.aic**

**ver1.0.5 Gen(IV)**

**Lv.5/9931 Clearance**

Hello, Overseer. You are as pertinent as ever.

At 07:57:43 UTC, Bouchard.aic flagged a folder on SCP-9931-4o containing files of note. He positively identified the presence of Latin script characters originating from the device, as further confirmed by myself and Dr. Roth. Enclosed in this message, I've sent the initial flagged file. 

I'm not authorized to tell you or the Council what to think after reading it, but I will assure: with this translation, I will have Linear 9931-c and Linear 9931-d scripts cracked in time for Christmas.

[!-- FUCK DRAWING A FAKE CONLANG IS HAAAAARD 

Enclosed in this message, I've sent you copies of the initial flagged file and its apparent counterpart. I'm not authorized to tell you or the Council what to think after reading it, but I will assure: with this translation, I will have Linear 9931-c and Linear 9931-d scripts cracked in time for Christmas.

  

    

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

    

  

--]

#### Department of Civiology, Temperate-New-West Division

##### #350 "Future Fossil"

This artifact was recovered second hand by a Raving sect in the Olar Peninsula. Its initial provenance has been lost, but the item found secondary context as an idol of a doomsday cult.

Artifact #350 is the complete skull of an unknown synapsid, weighing 10.2 cupra. At rest, the item occupies a volume of 5.15 × 7.74 × 6.04 digits, and the cranial circumference measures 18 even. The cranial cavity is a sizeable volume of 2,450 millicanteens. 

The *foramen magnum* is located at the bottom of the skull, indicating a severely vertical posture. The facial bones are astoundingly flat. The jaws hold an omnivorous array of 32 incisor and molar teeth and show signs of having been given dentalcare in life.

#350 has shown these notable properties:

# Viewing between the jaws from the front reveals soft tissue of the mouth, including the tongue and the throat.  These tissues and they space they occupy exists separate from the view of the back and underside. Muscles do not respond to stimuli, have not dried out, and have not decomposed. _

 _

Any items inserted into the throat beyond sight are lost. This has included food provided as tribute and over 1 reach of endoscope. _

@@ @@

# A unique genome has been identified in samples taken from the tongue and bone marrow. Mapping has found that the #350 genome is most comparable to small, habitually arboreal mammals of the taxon *Euarcharbor*. Greatest similarity (56.1%) has been found with the Armesian shrubrunner (*Eua. vellicodens armesii*), Bowedclaw's shrubrunner (*Eua. ve. boweclawii*), and ahwa nester (*Eua. auanidor ruber*). These fauna are not known to live in the Temperate-New-West continent. _

 _

Degradation of DNA has been minimal. Estimates place death at 50 – 60 years before discovery, and an apparent phylogenetic age of 70 – 95 million years from the *Euarcharbor* or related ancestor. Whether the artifact is the remains of an contemporaneous but undiscovered species, a product of genetic engineering, or a time-traveling species has not been determined. _

@@ @@

# Physical documents pressed against the artifact will become irreversibly changed. In a span of moments, all writing, print, or engravings in any non-pictographic language will change to form symbols of a previously unknown language read horizontally rather than vertically. Consistent results indicate that #350 is translating to this language, with translation depending on the context or intent of the writer. For example, the sentence "Aya has red feathers and yellow feathers" will consistently convert into the same characters, but the same homophones vary in different contexts. _

 _

It has been found this a phonemic language, but some characters do not have definite correlations to the Iyanna or Srir phonetic characters . By converting dictionaries, a lexicon of over 80,000 words has been observed. A copy of this document has been transformed by #350 and indexed with this document as an extensive example. _

Artifact #350 was recovered by the Department of Field Action on Year 4503 Day 243, in a raid on a Raving commune residing in caves of the Olar Hills, north of Halay, Guey. The a'Halay chapter of the Raving, self-identified as "the Old One's Ears" and "Hympsie Speakers", expressed the belief that #350 is the remains of an individual that was a member of a civilization that preexisted the sapient theropods, and that the artifact's properties were a means of posthumous communication. The detained oracle, "Rhythm-of-Dripping-Water", has provided several reverent epithets for the artifact, which he and surviving followers attest had been in the chapter's possession for fifty years.

Dr. Noreano (Year 4503 Day 260) — *Genetic testing indicates subject is a descendant of Paupa Reddew, also known as "Drum-of-Wet-Fronds", a Ranter revolutionist that went into hiding in Year 4461. "Rhythm-of-Dripping-Water" is presumably the subject's only name, having hatched to Ranters outside of larger society.*

Appended is the transcript of the first interrogation of Rhythm-of-Dripping-Water, who Artifact #350 was seized from (Year 4503 Day 245). 

##grey|Dr. Noleano Do##

State your name for the record. 

##grey|Noleano##

Your cooperation would be appreciated. We may even reconsider your flower privileges, depending on how you do.

##grey|Rhythm-of-Dripping-Water##

The flowers. My sinuses close up without them!

##grey|Noleano##

I will give you some if you answer my questions today. Who are you?

##grey|Rhythm##

I am Rhythm-of-Dripping-Water, Speaker of the Mouth, _

Hand to the Elder's Voice.

##grey|Noleano##

The Elder's Voice. This is the idol of worship to your followers, correct?

##grey|Rhythm##

To the followers left, you killers.

##grey|Noleano##

Tell me more about this Elder. What do they do?

##grey|Rhythm##

What does the Elder do? The Elder inscribes with the tongue of the old ones! A fine, so refined, clawrighting that swirls like water and sharpens like glass.

##grey|Noleano##

Stop. You said of "old ones". Which pantheon you are talking about?

##grey|Rhythm##

Who knows? The Elder knows. Their fellows are dead, but their mind stayed to remember them.

##grey|Noleano##

You mean the skull.

##grey|Rhythm##

Left it for us. To guide nestlings after they've long gone. Unheard for so long. But my clan writes to the Elder, to the departed with them, and they write us back.

##grey|Noleano##

How do you read the writing? It is unlike any script my coworkers and I have seen.

##grey|Rhythm##

Perseverance and patience, thickheaded one. Pay heed and you will bear their message.

##grey|Noleano##

Have patience for me. What is the Elder's message?

##grey|Rhythm##

The Elder's kind, their time is gone. Brought to an end when the old sun fell and the rain turned to ash. They made way for us. Now it is ours. Soon our time will be gone. But we must make time for another! 

##grey|Rhythm##

The next of kin will rise from the oceans and find the ground barren and white! We must leave them a spark of life to start anew!

##grey|Noleano##

Calm down! Calmly explain what you believe will happen.

##grey|Rhythm##

Do not play with me! You know as well as I that the waters have been rising by the summer! The ice lands cover your ancestor's nesting ground, pachycephalosaur! The small fliers herald the earth and times coming!

##grey|Noleano##

He's noncompliant. Bring him back to his cell.

##grey|Rhythm##

It's calamity! Calamity! They grow worse, each one that comes! 

Dr. Noreano (Year 4503 Day 245) — *The comments from Rhythm-of-Dripping-Water and the other detainees indicate that this sect is mistaken on the effects of oracle roses, as their hallucinations provide visions of future events and not past ones. The recent blizzards and growth of the polar caps are a mild concern, but its a natural glacial period. Even if it was an existential threat, the solution to that problem is not to huff pollen and feed a skull roses and frogs.* 

Dr. Sleekclaw (Year 4503 Day 258) — *Tests prove that no, the members of the Raving cannot read Script #350. The a'Halay belief Dripping-Water can is a product of mass hysteria and his authority as the cult's leader.*

Dr. Omma (Year 4504 Day 38) — *From extensive review, there seems to be an absence of a dinosaur presence in Script #350. There are no distinct words between sapient and non-sapient dinosaurs, the closest hypernym is for the bipedals as a whole. The translated names for dinosaurs use morphemes visually related to more common ones, likely coming from an ancestral or descendant language, similar to our own practices of taxonomic nomenclature. No common names, as far as my team can tell.*

*Further, there is a sense of enmity in these words, as literal translations are compounds such as "terrible lizards" and "beast feet". My own race, who pride ourselves on family, has the slanderous name of "egg thief". Considering the phylogenetic evidence, I am willing to agree Artifact #350 came not from an isolated contemporary of ours, but a successor. In what regard, I cannot say. I have informed the Temporal Department on Lingusitics' theory.*

<< [SCP-9930](SCP-9930) | SCP-9931 |  [SCP-∞](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9932) >>

=====

> **Filename:** CSP-9000.png

> **Author:** Pinoccappuccino *et al.*

> **Date:** September 18, 2025

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported ##grey|(I think... which ever one applies from the constituents)##

> **Notes:** Composite of "Caucasian Human Skull.jpg" and "Amigdalas (cropped).jpg". No, the file name is not a typo. It's a pun, I made this in Clip Studio Paint.

> **Filename:** Caucasian Human Skull.jpg

> **Author:** Sklmsta

> **Date:** March 2009

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Caucasian_Human_Skull.jpg

> **Filename:** Amigdalas (cropped).jpg

> **Author:** Lusb

> **Date:** August 22, 2010

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Amigdalas_(cropped).jpg

=====
