=====

=====

**%%title%% -- %%content{4}%%**

**[Calibold's Mega Cool Author Page](Calibri Bold's Mega Cool Author Page)**

**Item #:** SCP-9889

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** The remains of SCP-9889 are contained in Site-19 under the purview of Kiryu Labs.

**Description:** SCP-9889 is an immense arthropod resembling a stretch of asphalt road. At its death, it measured 114 meters long and 8 meters wide, with a height of just over 4 centimeters. SCP-9889 would move along stretches of road under cover of darkness, using its natural camouflaging abilities to blend in with occupied streets.

SCP-9889 was discovered on 10/4/2025, when residents of Clarence Lane in Cleveland, North Carolina reported that a large section of the street had become discolored and dislodged from the rest of the road. Foundation agents confirmed the presence of a deceased anomaly and evacuated the surrounding area in order to remove SCP-9889 safely.

**Biology:** The visible portion of SCP-9889 is a hard exoskeleton composed of millions of chitinous scales. These scales have a texture similar to that of stone, and when flat create an almost seamless surface. Analysis of its exoskeleton suggests its cells possess properties similar to those of iridophores found in chameleons, giving it the ability to change its colors to be indistinguishable from the road it occupies.

Its exoskeleton is incredibly durable, capable of withstanding both direct blunt force trauma and the movement of vehicles across its back. Despite this, it and the rest of its body are remarkably flexible; its scales can slot over each other, and body segments are capable of such extreme undulations that SCP-9889 could have shortened its length by several meters, articulated to form surfaces like speed bumps, and potentially even formed 90-degree bends while it was alive. The edges of its exoskeleton lay flush with the ground, but its scales were also capable of moving individually to expose its eyes, which are spaced evenly along SCP-9889's perimeter, or to form cracks or crevices to further disguise itself.

While SCP-9889's underbelly appears to be covered in legs, it likely moved through undulation of its entire body. These false legs instead seem to have served a function similar to teeth, crushing its food for it to more easily consume, their prehensile and jointed nature allowing it further precision in crushing objects to be flat enough to safely eat. These are also covered in a thin metallic compound, giving them incredible strength and durability.

Its underbelly was capable of opening along a seam down its center, exposing its interior. This interior is lined with smaller false legs and seems to have been a massive digestive system, excreting fluids to break down food. Despite its size, its incredible thinness suggests that it would have needed to totally crush its food to pieces only a few centimeters thick prior to feeding.

The digestive system makes up almost the entirety of SCP-9889's body. Its brain, while sizeable, is incredibly flat, extending almost 2 meters down its back. Like most arthropods, it possesses an open circulatory system. It is unknown how SCP-9889 excreted waste, although the prevailing theory is that it converted its food into small grains which it would expel from under its scales.

**Behavior and Diet:** As stated in the description, SCP-9889 likely moved on top of roads, camouflaging itself to avoid detection. Its prehensile scales and bodily undulations may have allowed it to move vehicles or other heavy objects along its back as it positioned itself.

While the full extent of its intelligence is unknown, it may have far exceeded that of most arthropods and potentially several mammals, as in order to accurately camouflage itself it would have to memorize the patterns of paint on the streets it would occupy.

Analysis of its digestive system and objects present within it suggests that SCP-9889 was an herbivore. Debris on its legs includes wood chips, branches, and bark. Its digestive lining at its death carried several items, but most commonly remains of wooden planks, roof tiles, and metal construction material, suggesting that SCP-9889 subsisted on houses. Its digestive fluids are fairly weak, meaning that some organic compounds may take up to a year to completely digest, and consumed metal likely remains for decades; it is unknown whether SCP-9889 actually subsisted on metal, or if these are simply byproducts of its other food sources.

The lack of personal effects in SCP-9889 or any evidence of animal or human remains has led several researchers to theorize that it preferred to eat abandoned rather than occupied structures. While the reason for this is unknown, it may have been aware of large organisms' tendency to react with hostility to being eaten, and may have even been afraid of humans, despite its biology necessitating close interactions with them.

**History:** Biological and chemical analysis of SCP-9889 has determined that it is over 100 years old, likely originating around the same time as the modern highway in the United States. Some inorganic debris in SCP-9889, while heavily corroded, still remain, and offer insight into its activity prior to its death.

Some remnants of signage are present in SCP-9889, the most notable of which are two road signs: Terrence Rd. from San Francisco, California; and Ellen Felipe Ln. from London, Connecticut. Terrence Road's sign is aluminum-based but is white rather than green, placing its year of origin between 1945 (when the USA adopted aluminum road signage) and 1954 (when the green coloration for destination signs became standardized). An incident report of the Ellen Felipe Lane sign being stolen in 2002 confirms SCP-9889's presence in this area as well. This suggests that SCP-9889 has either been slowly migrating east since its birth, or that it has been constantly moving around the country.

Debris on SCP-9889's underbelly, which contains its false leg teeth but are not exposed to most of its digestive fluids, provides further information on its past. Several scraps of plastic have become lodged in its underbelly, including a plastic cup lid which has been impaled by a single tooth. Several of its teeth about thirty meters down its body are broken, suggesting an attempt to crush or devour an object both very large and very sturdy; given its ability to crush and devour metal, what this could be that would also follow its regular feeding patterns is unknown.

Dissection of SCP-9889's brain shows a large tumor; the leading theory is that SCP-9889 had suffered an aneurysm which resulted in ruptures in its brain, causing it to die.

**Population:** Analysis of SCP-9889's theorized behavior has shown evidence of potentially similar creatures in western Europe and the British Isles. Multiple incidents of remote, abandoned homes vanishing and leaving behind only crushed debris are substantially more common, especially those near asphalt, concrete, or brick roads. Investigation into a potential SCP-9889 population in Europe is ongoing.

Despite this, no further evidence of SCP-9889 activity in the United States has been found. No known incident matching such behavior has occurred in North America since its discovery, and evidence of such incidents prior to that has been sparse enough to likely have been caused by the same organism. As such, while it is unknown how it came to arrive in the United States, it is likely that SCP-9889 lived in absence of others of its kind, if they exist.

=====

End Of The Road

=====

<< [SCP-9888](SCP-9888) | SCP-9889 | [SCP-9890](SCP-9890) >>

> **Filename:** SCP-9889.jpg

> **Name:** File:Suburban road, Carterton - geograph.org.uk - 294623.jpg

> **Author:** Jonathan Billinger

> **License:** CC-by-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Suburban_road,_Carterton_-_geograph.org.uk_-_294623.jpg
