**Item #:** SCP-9585

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The entire perimeter of the island of Sicily is to be monitored at all times for signs of a potential emergence of SCP-9585. A geological science division is to be stationed on the island under the guise of an ordinary local research team of seismologists and volcanologists. The duties of this division include but are not limited to underground imaging to better map the full subterranean structure of SCP-9585.

Additionally, the Strait of Messina is to be given extra monitoring attention in the event that SCP-9585 attempts to spread to mainland Italy and thereby the rest of Afro-Eurasia.

**Description:** SCP-9585 is a mass of metallic slime mold primarily situated underneath the Sicilian city of Syracuse with branching growths spreading underground across the entire island. Growths of SCP-9585 seem to be most concentrated underneath the shoreline, with clusters fixating on areas of dense human habitation.

SCP-9585’s lateral growth is mostly confined to a thin layer between the Sicilian bedrock and topsoil.  In the rare case that a portion of SCP-9585 is uncovered by a civilian, it is almost always dismissed as some form of harmless myceloid growth and disregarded.

SCP-9585 is capable of vertical growth by piercing downward through the Sicilian bedrock and forming gigantic “nodules” of its as-of-yet unidentified metal-like biomass. The shape of these nodules are amorphous in nature. The city of Syracuse houses the largest of these nodules roughly thirty meters below street level, with a total volume of over three-thousand cubic meters. The second largest nodule is located at a similar depth under the city of Messina. Most known nodules are considerably smaller than these two specimens, which are formally designated SCP-9585-1 and SCP-9585-2.

All documented nodules of SCP-9585 appear to be dormant at the time of writing. The only known instance of SCP-9585 directly interacting with its environment occurred in the EKDILOSI TOU ARCHIMIDI or “The Archimedes Event” in 214 BCE.

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum: EKDILOSI TOU ARCHIMIDI </summary>

The Archimedes Event is the first and only known example of SCP-9585 directly interacting with its environment. The event occurred during the attack on Syracuse by the Roman Republic in 214 BCE during the Second Punic War.

    Eyewitnesses of the time reported the emergence of “countless long arms like those of a corpse but wrought of iron” from the ground just within the city’s walls. These arms stretched so far and high that they could bend over-top the walls and grasp at the incoming Roman ships. Contemporary writers said that the arms “fought with great fury” and wrestled the ships from side to side with enough force to capsize them entirely. Utter chaos spread through the fleet and the invading Romans were dealt heavy losses in the process.

    

    Foundation personnel inside the city were able to administer psychic tonics Psychic tonic was heavily utilized in the anitquity-era Foundation in place of modern amnestics. These tonics would never entirely remove an event from a subject's mind, but instead recontextualize it into something more immediately explainable. A commonly cited example of such a use-case is in the so-called "Assassination of Julius Caesar."  to all eyewitnesses present. Since then, historians have misattributed the appearance of SCP-9585’s limb-like growths to a mechanical creation by the famous Greek inventor Archimedes of Syracuse. Foundation scholars suspect this to be a tongue-in-cheek effect of the psychic tonic utilized, due to Archimedes being the head of the Foundation at the time.

</details>

<< [SCP-9584](SCP-9584) | SCP-9585 | [SCP-9586](SCP-9586) >>
