**Special Containment Procedures:** 

SCP-9885 must be contained in a secured cell measuring at least 10m x 10m x 5m (height), wherin which 5m below the room are also unoccupied and inaccessible to any living creature. The object should be placed at the center of this space, at the center of a circle of orange tape ("threshold") measuring a minimum 4.6m in radius.

A minimum of three (3) robotic manipulators equipped with thuamic resonance imaging and memetic scanning are to be placed along the threshold at even intervals.

No personnel or any living creature is to cross the threshold without written permission from at least two (2) level-3 personnel or one (1) level-4 personnel, excluding themselves.

No personnel or any living creature is to make direct physical contact with SCP-9885 without written permission from at least two (2) level-4 personnel.

**Description:**

SCP-9885 is a statue which closely resembles Auguste Rodin's *The Thinker*, cast in 24K gold and plated in bronze of similar purity. Despite the purity of the metals, further testing places the creation of the piece in the early fifteenth century.

The object is a 'container' capable of holding very large amounts of EVE, in excess of 3 tons (or about 5,000m^^3^^). The object additionally uses an energy similar to EVE apart from the fact that it is embedded with memetic properties. The two energies exist in the same medium, and are incapable of phasing through each other. The new form of EVE, provisionally named EVE-β, is very likely to be the catalyst for the majority of SCP-9885's properties.

Upon crossing the threshold, thaumic resonance imaging revealed a short beam of EVE appear from the head of SCP-9885 which travelled to the subject's head before returning as EVE-β. While the event is still largely unknown, it is thought to be an instantaneous 'acquisition' of memetic energy from the subject, being provisionally called a Proximity-based Memetic Acquisition (PMA) event.

Upon making direct physical contact with SCP-9885, subjects are instantaneously affected. This process sees EVE-β travelling from each contacting nerve to the subject's brainstem through their central nervous system. Physiologically and sensationally, the process looks and feels like a strong electric shock, although no physical harm results from the event. Prototypical thaumo-memetic imaging arrays found possible evidence of EVE-β in subjects' brains after this event, where there would be none present in the baseline human. This event has been provisionally named a Tactile-based Memetic Transfer (TMT) event.

**Addendum: Incident 9885-01:**

On ▇/▇/▇26, subject D-▇▇, after making direct contact with SCP-9885, fell into a sudden outburst, screaming non-sensical phrases, some parts of which contained demands for a member of the O5 council. Security personnel were forced to respond and restrain the subject. Afterward, the information D-▇▇ provided contained self-negating phrases revolving around SCP-▇▇ and "the root." The subject was terminated soon after amnestics proved ineffective in removing the information acquired from SCP-9885. A section of the interview in which Dr. Constantine Opal extracted information from the subject has been highlighted as noteworthy, and is noted below.

<details>
<summary>+ Show interview</summary>

> Dr. Opal: "What do you mean by 'the root?' It seems to me you're hiding something."

>

> D-▇▇ ("Subject"): "No, I'm not, I just can't- UGH. I *can't* tell you what needs to be said."

>

> Dr. Opal: "Well, what would happen if you do?"

>

> Subject: "Nothing, I mean I physically cannot tell you.

>

> Dr. Opal: "So then... was it something about ▇▇?"

>

> Subject: "I mean, I don't think so. Isn't its whole thing like not being able to be remembered and shit?"

>

> Dr Opal: "You've never tested with ▇▇ before, so how would you know?"

>

> Subject: "I don't know, I just ... There is *nothing* I can tell you, but I remember. I *know* what it is, and it's..."

>

> Dr. Opal: "That shouldn't be physically possible, ▇▇▇. You know that."

</details>

<< [SCP-9884](SCP-9884) | SCP-9885 | [SCP-9886](SCP-9886) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
