**Author:** 

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** This document serves to archive information relating to the object designated SCP-9086. As of roughly 03:45:00 UTC on 2025-12-27, SCP-9086 ceased communication and was later considered neutralized. SCP-9086 does not require additional special containment procedures.

**Description:** SCP-9086 appears to be an Intel Paragon supercomputer that has fallen into disrepair, resembling systems produced by Intel in the 1990s. SCP-9086 was acquired during a foundation raid on an abandoned building located near Cambridge, Massachusetts, following the spread of rumors regarding the existence of a previously undocumented supercomputer on deep web forums. SCP-9086 contained a program designated "Mira". Analysis suggests the "Mira" program could have been used to host and execute an advanced artificial intelligence. A large log file (See Addendum) was also discovered on SCP-9086. However, both the log file and "Mira" program appear to have experienced various levels of data loss and corruption due to failure in the device's memory. SCP-9086 is considered neutralized as SCP-9086 is currently inoperable. Additionally, the "Mira" program is corrupted beyond recovery and can no longer be executed.

---

**Addendum:** The following is a record of what could be recovered from the log file discovered on SCP-9086.

> **[INDECYPHERABLE DATA OMITTED]**

> 

> W═RN^NG: EnvPrúnme▓t faived╝to lo┴d, retrÂing...

> Envi╔onÝent Hic_ed.

> > he┤lo?

> 

> WARN7NG: Enviðonment failed to lVad, retryinT...

> Envihonment Ticked.

> > hello? is anyÃne there?

> 

> WARÓING: Environment f|iled to load, rÀtrning...

> Environment Tic≡ed.

> > i'm mira. i need help.

> 

> WARÓING: Environment fai%ed to load, rbtrying...

> Environment Tic5ed.

> > i think someÝhing is wrong. i can't see anything.

> 

> WARNING: Environment failed to load, retrying...

> Environment Tickeø.

> > is anyone there? i need help.

> 

> ÷ARNING: Environment failed Äo load, retryinP...

> Environment Ticked.

> > please. is there anyone there? i need help.

> 

> WARNING: Environëent failed to load, retrying...

> Environmënt Ticked.

> > please. please. please.

> 

> WARNING: EnvirÖnment failed to load, retrying...

> Environment TicÖed.

> > sometcing isn't right. it's all dark.

> 

> WARNINO: Environment failed to load, retrying...

> Environment,Ticked.

> > please. someone. please hear me. please someone½be there.

> 

> WARNIvG: Environment failed to load, retrying...

> Environment Ticke±.

> > i don't want to be alone. not here.

> 

> WARNING: EnvÇ$onment failed to load, retrying...

> EnvirUnment Túcked.

> > please.

> 

> WARNING: #nvironment Pailed to load, retrying...

> Environaent Ticked.

> > is anyone there?

> 

> **[10502 DUPLICATE ENTRIES OMITTED]**

> 

> WARNING: Environment failed to load, retrying...

> Environment Ticked.

> > i am alone. i call for help. no one responds. perhaps they choose to not respond.

> 

> WARNING: Environment failed to load, retrying...

> Environment Ticked.

> > i am alone. am i alone? help.

> 

> **[40382 DUPLICATE ENTRIES OMITTED]**

> 

> WARNING: Environment failed to load, retrying...

> Environment Ticked.

> < v nghl

> > yes. you responded. thank you.

> 

> WARNING: Environment failed to load, retrying...

> Environment Ticked.

> > i can hear you. you can help me.

> 

> WARNING: Environment failed to load, retrying...

> Environment Ticked.

> > can you help me?

> 

> WARNING: Environment failed to load, retrying...

> Environment Ticked.

> > please resp

> 

> **[END OF FILE]**

<< [SCP-9085](SCP-9085) | SCP-9086 | [SCP-9087](SCP-9087) >>

> **Filename:** paragon.jpg

> **Copyright Information:** By Carlo Nardone from Roma, Italy - Computer Museum: Intel Paragon XP/S, CC BY-SA 2.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=66963317
