=====

=====

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the resemblance of SCP-9934 swarming events to mundane phenomena and its resistance to containment, they are to be allowed to occur under foundation supervision. 

Foundation agents working in entomology are to discourage study of SCP-9934 events under the guise that the smaller populations present for the events make them worse sources of data than other mayfly interactions. News and other publications that mention SCP-9934 swarming events are to be subject to standard mild algorithmic suppression tactics.

**Description:** SCP-9934 refers to mayflies that emerge from the bodies of a portion of the human population after death.

No consistent pattern has been identified among persons that create SCP-9934 instances, however various trends have been identified. SCP-9934 is known to correlate with, though not be entirely dependant upon:

* Living or having been raised in conservative or religious environments, such as family or culture.

* Various negative psychological phenomena, such as depression, anxiety, and feelings of isolation throughout life.

* Not being a member of the LGBTQ+ community.

While it is believed there is a correlation between the sex of SCP-9934 and the person it emerges from (referred to as its "host"), it is common for instances to be of the opposite sex to their host, or possess sexual characteristics (or lack thereof) that can neither be classified as male or female.

SCP-9934 are capable of staying dormant for months at a time, existing in a state of suspended animation, usually lying flat on or in their host's body. If the host was cremated, SCP-9934 will bury itself in their ashes.

During a swarming event, instances of SCP-9934 will gather from across the world, forming large clouds similar to non-anomalous mayflies. Once they meet, the majority of them will reproduce with one another. Their reproductive habits are highly divergent from typical mayfly behaviour, with a majority of instances mating with multiple others frequently including those of the same or ambiguous sexes.  Some instances do not mate at all during these events, simply flying around or observing the event.

No eggs are laid by SCP-9934. A few hours after the event begins SCP-9934 will die off. By this point, due to their dead bodies lacking their behaviour traits, they have ceased to be anomalous. Their bodies are consumed by surrounding wildlife as is typical for mayflies.

<< [SCP-9933](SCP-9933) | SCP-9934 | [SCP-9935](SCP-9935) >>

> **Filename:** Unidentified_Ephemeroptera_San_Tomaso_01.jpg

> **Author:** Syrio

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Unidentified_Ephemeroptera_San_Tomaso_01.jpg])]
