:root {

--header-title: "PENALTY";

:root {

~~admo-backdrop: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-9687/darsnorm.jpg);

--admo-color-bright: 199, 46, 51;

--admo-color-dim: 24, 2, 4;

--admo-color-dark: 6, 0, 1;

--admo-color-alt: 148, 22, 24;

--general-border-color: 50, 30, 31;

--basalt-tertiary-color: 35, 10, 8;

--darkdocument-background-color: 14, 10, 10;

}

#page-content .sigma .scp-image-block .scp-image-caption {

--image-caption-text-color: 50, 50, 53;

}

 

.terminal {

    padding: 15px 15px 15px 15px;

    box-shadow: 0px 0px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3);

    width: auto;

    margin: auto;

    background: black;

    border: solid 2px #5D5D5D;

    color:orange;

    font-family:"Lucida Console", monospace;

    text-align: left;

}

.terminal a:link, a:visited {

text-decoration: underline, bold;

color: orange;

}

div[class$="_memo"] {

    background: var(~~memo-logo) rgba(var(~~memo-color), 1);

    background-size: contain;

    background-position: top center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    min-height: 4rem;

    margin-inline: auto;

    margin-block: 2rem;

    padding-inline: 20px;

    padding-block: 10px;

    border: solid 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

    text-align: center;

    color: black;

}

div[class$="_memo"]::before {

    content: var(--memo-heading);

    font-family: var(--UI-font);

    font-weight: 900;

    font-size: 1.3em;

    color: black;

    text-align: center;

    margin: 0 auto 1rem auto;

    display: flex;

    flex-direction: column;

}

div.legal_memo {

    --memo-heading: "NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION LEGAL DEPARTMENT";

    ~~memo-logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-9687/leagle.png);

    --memo-color: 255, 243, 173;

}

=====

=====

]

**Special Containment Procedures:** The inherently inaccurate and self-serving nature of local history already serves to conceal SCP-9687 from the general public.

---

**Description:** SCP-9687 is an historical discontinuity in the origins of modern ice hockey. Reliable primary source material indicates simultaneous invention in the following Canadian locations:

* Délı̨nę, Northwest Territories;

* Halifax, Nova Scotia;

* Kingston, Ontario;

* Montréal, Québec.

This discontinuity cannot be explained by parallel invention, as each historical narrative is mutually exclusive and verifiably correct in every detail.

---

**Addendum 9687-1:** The document appended below was discovered in the offices of the Department of Temporal Anomalies, provenance unknown.

# RECONSTITUTION REPORT

Your friends at Goldbaker and Associates are pleased to report that your client reality has been successfully reconstituted following the recent BK-Class "Ontological Breakdown" Scenario (hereafter the "Event"). This represents the extent of G&A's response to your Claim, minus the resolution (if any is required on our part) of the following Action Items for your review.

## ACTION ITEMS

Ontological re-knitting was achieved through the application of "patch" ontology, repurposing "hanger-on" fragment reality structures to fill the gaps preventing your client reality from recohering. Reconstruction was then achieved at the atomic and memetic level, achieving an estimated 99.999999992% accurate simulacrum of pre-Event continuity. At the conclusion of this process, G&A's self-verifying Mobius Well™ paratechnology noted the following continuity errors:

* ERROR 000001 - Modern ice hockey appears to have been invented in four different places simultaneously.

If you consider these errors to be critical, and wish to escalate the matter to a higher representative, please indicate as much within a window of three (3) universal timeline cycles. 

This document was forwarded to the Legal Department for interpretation. Preliminary response appended below.

---

On the subject of the alleged policy/claim: we have no record of either being filed.

On the subject of the alleged injury/remedy: we have no evidence of either taking place.

On the subject of hockey: who cares?

*Sheldon Katz, Esq.*

*Legal Department*

<< [SCP-9686](SCP-9686) | SCP-9687 | [SCP-9688](SCP-9688) >>

=====

The words "Sheldon Katz, Esq." and "Legal Department" in that order are derived from [SCP-6987](SCP-6987) by , if that seems important to you.

> **Filename:** %E8%A7%A3%E9%99%A4%E5%88%86%E7%BA%A7.svg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source:** [SCP Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/more-acs-icons)

> **Filename:** darsnorm.jpg

> **Name:** Falling snow on dark sky.

> **Author:** RawPixel

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source:** [rawpixel](https://www.rawpixel.com/image/6031560/photo-image-public-domain-snowflakes-sky)

> **Filename:** hokey.jpg/smak.png

> **Name:** "Ye Gude Olde Days" from Hockey: Canada's Royal Winter Game, 1899

> **Author:** Arthur Farrell

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_ice_hockey#/media/File:Good_old_days_of_ice_hockey.png)

> **Filename:** leagle.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source:** [SCP Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/list-of-foundation-s-internal-departments)

> **Filename:** ga.svg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

=====
