=====

=====

**SCP-9409: The Lord's Broken Yoke** 

**Author:** 

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/whenwerewe Here's my page!]

**Item #:** 9409

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The region around SCP-9409 is to be fenced off as a hunting preserve, and access denied to persons. Livestock are to be shot on sight, and owners reimbursed (half again for pregnant individuals). Site-9409 has been established at the centre of the area, by the banks of SCP-9409, and equipped with pumping and packaging facilities. SCP-9409-A is to be dispersed through the drinking water of urban centres within the 9409 Inclusion Zone in order to prevent wildlife incursions. Such coverage cannot reliably be achieved in rural regions, and thus they are to be populated with cooperative individuals who seek out SCP-9409-A of their own free willSelected from the unsuccessful members of the yearly Foundation officer trainee cohort.. A quota of 50 litres of SCP-9409-A each month are allocated to Site-9409 personnel for application to personal capturesBranding is generally discouraged, and captures are property of the Foundation. Attempts at smuggling are punishable by termination..

SCP-9409 is central to the maintenance of the 9409 Inclusion Zone. As a result, it attracts significant aggression from wildlife in the surrounding regions. Since the environs are not yet securely in Foundation control, feral lifeforms will often breach the exterior perimeter and attempt to mount coordinated assaults on Site-9409. Generally, wildlife are not threats to the continued operation of the site. Nonetheless, out of an abundance of caution, the operations of Site-9409 have been made subterranean. The surface is outfitted with basic security measures, such as:

* A garrison of no less than 50 security personnelSCP-9409 may be used in the conscription process if personnel cannot be sourced from a wholesale vendor.,

* A closed-circuit security system surveying the Site perimeter,

* Artillery systems in case of massed attack,

* Reinforced concrete shells around the underground portion of the siteWildlife counterbattery fire is rare but has been recorded on at least [REDACTED AS PER MORALE DIRECTIVE 9409/14] occasions..

These have so far been sufficient to prevent encroachment by feral life. Nonetheless, staff are encouraged to carry out search-and-destroy missions against warrens found in the vicinityThough incentives are at half-rates for defensive combat, captures during offensive combat are paid out at the market price..

**Description:** SCP-9409 is a two-kilometre stretch of the river LetheThe mechanism by which the Lethe was transposed to the material world is both unknown and irrelevant. Research into the matter is forbidden. in the foothills of the Taygetus Mountains in the central Peloponnese. Its appearance resulted in the creation of the initial 9409 Inclusion ZoneIn a stroke of fortune, Overwatch Command was within the initial umbrella of the Zone, and the O5 Council were immediately able to understand the necessity of stabilising and expanding it.. When water removed from SCP-9409, hereby SCP-9409-A, is ingested by a sapient subject, it suppresses falsely-held beliefs or ill-constructed ethical principles. This property ceases to apply when it is diluted at a ratio of more than 1 part in 10.

Applied to wildlife, SCP-9409-A can subdue all known aspects of the universal parasitic infoplex, including, but not limited to:

* Perceiving other lifeforms’ mental states as if they were their own,

* Valuing other lifeforms’ enjoyment or happiness in themselves, rather than instrumentally,

* Unconditionally keeping commitments, even when suboptimal,

* Disproportionately emphasising the protection of immature wildlife,

* Continuing to expect sudden improvements to their own conditions, despite all evidence to the contraryThough early emancipations sometimes expressed distress, contemporary subjects almost universally report relief..

SCP-9409-A is by far the most efficient means known to the Foundation to convert wildlife into persons. The primary effort of the Foundation within the 9409 Inclusion Zone is to integrate the runoff of SCP-9409 into the totality of the global water cycle.

<< [SCP-9408](SCP-9408) | SCP-9409 | [SCP-9410](SCP-9410) >>
