**Item #:** SCP-9571

**Object Name:** Project: Respawn Machine

**Object Class:** esoteric (Secondary Class: Thauniel)

**Description**

the respawn machine is an unknown machine. Its constructor and designer still remain unfound, the respawn machine possesses the ability to bring anyone back from the dead. When the terminal computer outside the main terminal is booted up it will display a file for all documented dead people. When respawn is selected it will proceed to print the entity.

Though the machine sometimes malfunctions during the printing stage and the resulting product becomes corrupted, disfigured, questioning its very existence. The respawn machine’s computer is believed to actually contain a digital file copy of ever shingle dead being from all realities consciousness, body, and soul, making it very important. The respawn machine itself is not sentient and cannot move or attack.

**Containment procedures:**

This machine was found in a secret lab by the scp foundation underground after word spread that people were seeing a disfigured but alive version of someone’s daughter. The scp foundation immediately located, and through lots of work, managed to extract the machine and bring it back to the nearest site via cargo plane export. 

The machine is now safely contained and it is prohibited from being used, because no one truly what could come out of the chamber is something went wrong, as there are infinite possibilities for different errors and mistakes in the files. 

**incidents:** [Data Expunged]

**SCP 9571-F:**

These are all files, items, or physical/digital knowledge involving SCP 9571, making any one of these as important and secret as SCP 9571 itself.

**SCP 9571-F-01:** The Instructions

Scp 9571-f-01 is a file found in the lab consisting of a plan on how to make the respawn machine, what it does, and methods of operating it containing the login passwords and boot keys to the machines terminal. This file was immediately taken, Confidentialized, and placed as a clearance level 5 item.

The following is a digital copy of the item with redacted parts:

## Shadoski Scientist Innovators Presents…

### PROJECT RESPAWN MACHINE

The respawn machine works on the idea of printing organs. The printing room is a square metal room that measures 7x7x7 feet and is believed to be filled with various machinery. On the roof of the interior of the printing chamber is a machine that resembles that of a 3d printer’s dispenser moving on two rails allowing it to reach any point in the chamber. The dispenser is connected to large cryogenically cooled cartridges on the roof, the cartridges contain all the cells and matter necessary to make up a human being.

The way it works is right before someone dies a sample of their dna is taken, it is then put into a computer. The computer then uses a processes called Digital Phenotyping where it simulates them growing up to desire age(age of dead persons when they died) and then makes a super detailed blueprint of the simulated person down to the last cell. Also right before they die they Are given an intense brain scan fully mapping their brain down to the last neuron.

The human would be printed from bottom up, layer by layer with the entire room being cryogenically frozen so organ and tissue stays pristine and in place, the materials used are Natural Hydrogels for the soft tissue, Thermoplastic Polymers for the bones, Conductive or Functionalized Synthetic Polymers for the circuitry, Fascia for the glue, Adipose Tissue for the fat, Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells for the cells, and Nanocellulose for the cartilage.  Then after they are built, their bodies would be filled with the right amount of water, their veins would be pumped with some blood, and they would be jumpstarted with a defibrillator.

The room is closed with a heavy metal mechanic retracting and the room walls are metal with insulation to keep room cold and sterilized. When the person dies someone would mark that person dead and the folder containing their body and brian scan would be sent to the main terminal(outside of the respawn room), under the que where someone would approved them starting the printer.

The machine would be powered by a built in battery that is refilled by the local power source. The printer would be very powerful and fast enough to print the human on demand quick enough that in the case of use for war they could be printed quickly and back on the battle feild.

Their brain would be scanned with machine called the OMNY Synchrotron Radiation-based Computed Nanotomography (SRnCT) which can scan their brain in 3d. Then, it could be used to print a working brain using Gelatin Methacryloyl for the basic frame, Pluripotent Stem Cells for the cells PEDOT:PSS or Carbon Nanotubes for the wiring.

When you are brought back depending on when you were scanned(most likely before you went to battle or before you did something), you will remember everything up to the scan. Do not ask us about the paradox of is it actually you.

The machine can be operated by first, [Data Redacted], Then you [Data Redacted]. 

To turn on the machine and log in, it is protected by a number key lock, a login info, and a heavily encrypted complex passcode, and verification. Since no one can remember this stuff here it is:

[Data Redacted]

**Issues:**

Tests have reported that sometimes things don’t go to plan, once [Data Redacted]. To counter this.. well, there is not way. So if you see [Data Redacted], just press the button labeled ‘clean’ and look away.

The chances of a file becoming corrupt or damaged are [Data Redacted].

**Signed,**

[Data Redacted]

**SCP 9571-SE:**

These are the resulting entities failed and errored respawn trials. Therefore SE stands for Spawned Entities.

**SCP 9571-SE-01:** the first try

SCP 9571-SE-01, nicknamed the first try, was as its name suggests the result of the first test of the respawn machine by its unknown creators. The only way the foundation has any knowledge was through a series of videos fund on a camcorder at the lab. The video is redacted.

The first test was mostly unacknowledged by the creators and the other people in the lab and almost was covered up, claiming to reporters in their local town that their first test was successfully bringing back a dead cat. Though this was actually the 2nd, the first was a test on one of the two founder’s recently deceased daughter. They initiated the respawn when the terminal glitched resulting in a heavy corruption, even merging with the file of an entity of power and death deep in the computers files. When the respawn was completed and the doors opened, since was [Data Redacted].

**SCP 9571 Relations:**

These are the direct relations with SCP 9571, linked with its very creation and usage. There is only one known relation…

**SCP 9571 Relations:** The Creator’s Overseer

“The Creator’s Overseer” or “TCO” is discovered to be the organization that was directly funding, overseeing, and concealing the production and usage of the respawn machine. Being the ones to provide the 2 creators who had the idea and plans, with the resources, staff, secrecy, and time they needed to build it on one condition, they let the overseers organization use it for what they want. 

The name of this organization is believed to be Shadoski Science Innovators or SSI. They are believed to still exist today but are a big enough organization that they can stay hidden but still seen enough to to be know and they are not messed or interfered with. They are know for privately producing advanced inventions and machinery, supplying it to large bodies like government for war or NASA for space travel, if they pay. Another thing their know for is with the money they get from doing deals, making and operating in large scale megastructures and facilities usually underground or extremely remote, such as the SSI main base located 17 miles underground in a massive cave underground, or the SSI main science and testing facility built in a massive complex of miles wide winding interconnecting tunnels and caves 20 miles underground a mountain in Russia.

The main piece of evidence we have is this document recovered from the SCP’s main database:

## Shadoski Scientist Innovators Presents…

### INTRODUCTORY FORM

Shadoski science innovators is a company with the goal of making revolutionary inventions to shadania and the M.I.U., with groundbreaking inventions such as the respawn machine, the plasma gun, and more.

shadoski science innovator’s main base is located in the place formerly known as Norilsk Mining Complex, how may we fit our base in there you ask? if we remove all the loose rubble and material and replace the loose fillers with metal pillars in a grid well be left with hundreds of square miles of space for our test spheres and rooms and the rest, and we can use the metal pillars to support our buildings and domes.

shadoski science innovators creates your every day items and oversees them, it is the main funder and creator of the M.I.U.’s main products and helps the M.I.U. win every war and keeps the world safe, and if you live in shadania, shadoski science innovators is the highest position in your government we own your organs and body.

shadoski science innovators is always looking for more people, weather you want to be a scientist or be frozen for hundreds of years, we have a spot for you.

each experiment sphere is 450 by 450 by 450 yards large with a total size of 91,125,000 cubic yards. whereas a citysphere is 3 by 3 by 3 miles large with a total size of 147,197,952,000 cubic yards(27 cubic miles. the city and experiment sphere will be suspended from the huge metal beams to make use of them and the beams will allow for spheres to travel up and down and even side to side with horizontal beams forming a sort of grid.

once you get a job here your part of the company, you'll enter the facility and never need to leave. you’ll live here! we have apartments, food, and everything you could need to live, and have fun.

as shadoski science innovator test subject you'll be doing our newest tests, and you get payed more for tests because your testing anything we ready.

shadoski science innovators is not responsible for any injuries or problems that happens during tests. testing for us can result in but not limited to: death, tumors, injury, radiation sickness, etc.

being part of shadoski science innovators means you get food, money, and a place to sleep. and there is always a job for you no matter what your background is. once your hired you'll be sedated and transported to our secret entrance, when you wake up you'll officially be part of us.you can find us almost anywhere or call us at 934 479 2348.

come join us, and help us change the world forever.

sign up today at your nearest shadoski science innovators station or visit our website and apply!

project: moon base

after expanding on earth, we will establish an even bigger complex on the moon. actually under the moon, were building a much bigger complex in the biggest of the lava tubes on the moon, the The Marius Hills Lava Tube. it spans for 37 miles!, it will consist of hundreds of spheres and buildings with an entrance building built on top of an existing crack in the tunnel where we will place an elevator at the crack.

working at our moon base will be very similar to our earth complex except you'll be living there, with some air filled city domes on the surface and underground to simulate real life. if you apply and are accepted for a job at our moon base you'll be brought there on one of our monthly launches there with other people that applied and some cargo.

on the moon base we pay and provide you with food, living space, and the other necessities. you will even get vacations and if you want you can take a trip outside, just know shadoski science innovators is not responsible for any accidents that happen.

the entire lava tunnel will be air tight sealed and pumped with fresh heated air so construction is easy and living conditions are nice. this part of the moon is owned by shadoski science innovators. though not all lava tunnels are owned by us, we are looking towards purchasing more in the future.

our moon base is always expanding but the first employment options and testing spheres are estimated to be available within 12 years of initial construction, the first city is estimated to be complete within 26 years of initial construction, and the lava tunnel should be sealed and pumped with air within 50 years of initial construction.

sign up in advance at your local shadoski science innovators station!

basic jobs:

if you apply for the lowest position, a test subject, we will run you through our tests, testing our new devices and products and weapons and anything we aren't so sure about.

if you want to watch people test and record results all day well then we have a job for you, as a test recorder you and 1-3 other recorders will go around watching and recording test results are giving them to a manager

if you want to help us invent things for the subjects to test we have a few jobs:

-for invent weapons you can be a weapon maker, you'll make stuff like lasers and guns and other crazy weapons.

-if you want to invent products for the public you can be a product maker, you'll make stuff like advanced vacuums and something like a device that can prepare a whole meal and other crazy devices.

-if you want to invent revolutionary devices you can be a technology revolutionizer, you'll build stuff like a respawn machine or teleporter or other crazy stuff.

if you want to manage stuff you can be a manager, you'll oversee the recorders and builders, you'll gather test results and approved of inventions, and stuff like that.

if you want to help build our stuff like our spheres or tunnels, you can be an engineer. as an engineer you'll always have a job building another sphere or city dome or just digging deeper, you'll never be bored.

these are just the main jobs, there are dozens of other jobs but these are the main ones and for more info and the rest of the jobs visit our website or contact us at 934 479 2348.

**SCP 9571-THE CONTROL ROOM**

The terminal/computer is at first glance the main control device for the actual respawn machine located in a room connected to the actual respawn chamber, in the room on the left side contains a desk with the computer with some desktop setup parts(actual monitor, disk drive, pc, keyboard, etc). Also on and next to the desk are lots of items you would find in an office(mouse pad, mug, notepad, trashcan, file cabinet giving it an office look. 

On the other side of the room is just a row of servers with hundreds of wires running from each ever output running along the ground all connecting into the back of the monitor.

The back of the room houses the door to the respawn chamber, a metal frame with a heavy mechanical automatic garage style door. On the opposite side is a normal wood door to outside.

**last notes:**

This SCP is safely contained and requires almost no maintenance and since being contained in the foundation no casualties have happened.

This machine is still be researched and new discoveries are always being made and there is still much about this machine that we are yet to know.

The computer/terminal of the machine is incredibly mysterious and does not behave normally.

-The computer terminal, it’s unlike anything else I’ve ever seen. It looks normal but after tests, I believe it holds a much deeper and darker secret. One that may change the way we look at reality itself. It may look normal on the outside, and all attempts of physically opening or destroying the computer terminal itself have failed, it just absorbs and deflects all threats and weapons.

**The Terminal**

Though the computer setup, a seems normal on closer inspection, the pc is normal but the actual monitor itself, resembling a Sony Trinitron Multiscan CPD-100ES, does not act or fit the description of a normal computer. For starters it has been identified that the monitor contains the files of ever dead being, not the pc. Also the estimated memory size for all dead beings compared to how much memory a Sony Trinitron Multiscan CPD-100ES has shows that whatever that entity is, it isn’t a normal computer.

 All tests to explore deeper into it or see inside it have failed. And al attempts to explore farther into its digital data have failed, it’s like it has an unbreakable barrier confining the user to only respawning.

-More tests will be done…

Signed,

Shadmaster
