=====

=====

**Authors:**

 - [Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/sailorenoch-author)

CW: Genocide and mass child death

.storybook-hca {

     font-family: Philosopher, cursive;

     background-image: url(http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/theme:eventyr/5%20-%20Paper%20effect.png);

     padding: 15px;

     font-size: 105%;

     border: 2px solid #112a55;

}

 

.Email {

background: url(http://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/the-great-hippo/SCP_icon%281%29.png) top right no-repeat; 

float: center; 

border: solid 1px #444444; 

width: 85%; padding: 15px 15px; 

margin: auto; 

margin-top: 10px; 

margin-bottom: 10px; 

box-shadow: 0 0px 0px rgba(0,0,0,.2);

}

.eventypewriter{

     font-family: Cutive, serif;

     background-image: url(http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/theme:eventyr/5%20-%20Paper%20effect.png);

     padding: 15px;

     font-size: 90%;

     border: 1px solid #112a55;

}

 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

You've stripped me of my name.

You've stripped us of our land.

But you'll never strip me of my whimsy.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 

@@ @@

@@ @@ 

**Special Containment Procedures:** All recovered instances of SCP-9991 are to be stored within sealed containers and housed in a storage facility at Site-19. Salt water is to be dispersed via a sprinkler system twice a week to neutralize any activity.

A mass recall of all SCP-9991 instances is to be initiated under the cover story of the presence of  arsenic and lead within the objects.

Non-compliant individuals are to be considered a risk to containment. In these cases, field agents are to forcibly sever the object's connection to any purse, belt, or other article they may be attached to. If this is not possible, local law enforcement is authorized to secure any remaining instances under the established cover story.

**Description:** SCP-9991 is a mass-produced plush pendant, 15 cm in height, marketed as "Lapupu" from the "Creatures" series manufactured by Culture Shock. An estimated 50,000 instances were distributed prior to the halting of all production. Dissection shows a composition of vinyl, sherpa, and polyester fiberfill, with no mechanical or biological elements present.

The objects are capable of movement and can vocalize by repeating two syllables Examples include "papa", "lala","pupu","bubu", etc. despite the absence of the required parts necessary for these functions. Instances have the ability to differentiate between the general public and Foundation staff. Multiple reports from child subjects claim witnessing instances rearranging household items and stealing food or small possessions.

SCP-9991 exhibits cognitohazardous properties. Owners display an increase in anti-social behavior after contact. Statistics correlate with increased prevalence of violence, terrorism, anti-authoritarian sentiment, opposition to religious values, depression, and stress.

Researchers from the Theology Department attribute its anomalous properties to demonic influence from the ancient Mesopotamian deity Pazuzu.

SCP-9991 gained widespread backlash from parents and Christian communities following its rise in popularity in the US and UK. Many claim an evil influences on children. One incident reported a juvenile owner of SCP-9991 repeatedly biting her parents, in what was described as a "demonic possession".  Online forum users noted accounts of instances moving from where owners had last placed them. The Foundation began its investigation after multiple countries banned and seized "Lapupus", citing negative behavioral influences. All instances tested positive for anomalous activity.

Following investigations into the creator, Frederik Sun, revealed his background in anart.

@@ @@ 

= **<<Interview with Frederik Sun>>**

**Date Recorded:** 01/07/25

**Interviewer:** Dr. Benedict Hart

**Interviewee:** Frederik Sun

**Forward:** An investigation was prompted to find Frederik Sun. Sun attempted to escape Foundation detainment and went quiet on all social media. Agents found his Hong Kong apartment abandoned. Sun was later detained in Cornwall, England. 

---

= **<<Begin Footage>>**

<Sun paces around and looks up towards the camera, before averting his gaze again. He begins to mumble something that is not picked up by the camera.>

**Hart:** Mr. Sun, come take a seat! Would you like tea? Let's see... I got Earl Grey, matcha, and chamomile tea. 

 **Sun:** No.

<Sun crosses his arms and sits in the chair across from Hart.>

**Hart:** Ah.

<Hart's eyes narrow as he takes his seat.>

**Hart:** Mr. Sun, I want to play nice, and if you agree you get to go home, and we can forget all about this and Lapupus. 

 **Sun:**  I know what your bunch is about, and I don't work with the likes of fascists. 

<Hart audibly laughs.>

**Hart:** Promise we are much kinder than whatever authoritarian dictatorship your circle has told you about. Most of us are nerds who got a little too into fantasy, and now we work on protecting it. 

**Hart:** What were you even doing in Cornwall?

 **Sun:** I wanted to meet with an ##red|old friend##.

**Hart:** I read up on you before this. You spent awhile right here in Cornwall, right? And that's what inspired the "Creatures" series?

<Sun throws his arms up.>

 **Sun:** Wow, we got a real researcher here. Looked at my Wikipedia for 10 seconds, and now he knows my life story.

<Hart shakes his head and sighs.>

**Hart:** And who is that ##red|pal## of yours?

 **Sun:** The ##red|lad with horns##, he knows who you are, all of you. I'm sure that ##red|fellow## will be glad to talk to one of your higher ups. 

 **Hart:** Does ##red|that demon## know you are hurting people, or is that part of his plan?

<Sun awkwardly chuckles.>

**Sun:** Those sweet girls wouldn't hurt anyone! You are fucking nuts if you believe that nonsense! They are just girls!

 <Hart doesn't smile. Sun pauses. His smile curves downwards as his eyes fixate on Hart.>

**Sun:** Oh God, you are serious... Is that what this is all about? 

**Hart:** I've been told that there's been a correlation between these plush things and kids running around growling and biting people like they've been possessed by some demon.

<Sun stands up and goes to the door.>

**Sun:** There's no point in this anymore, I'm leaving.

<Sun struggles for two minutes to open the door. He gives up and returns to his seat.>

<Sun sits for in silence for 30 minutes.>

**Hart:** I can do this all day. I have nothing to go home to! 

<Hart awkwardly laughs.>

<Sun is silent for 30 more minutes.>

**Sun:** I made art, I made something earnest from my heart. As commodified and marketed it was, they are still my daughters. To call them--to slander them as demons who manipulate children is not only absurd, but it is an attack on everything I and ##red|their other father## stand for!

**Hart:**  ##red|Their dad?##

<Sun refused to answer any further questions from Hart.>

= **<<End Interview>>**

@@ @@ 

**Addendum SCP-9991-1:** As of July 25th, all known SCP-9991 products have been successfully contained. The Administrator has made a statement on updating the containment procedures.

@@ @@ 

**Notice**

---

Due to the large scale of SCP-9991, it has been decided that majority of SCP-9991 instances are to be incinerated as soon as possible. One of each color may be saved for further research, but there is no need to litter our warehouses with thousands of these horrid looking demons. 

@@ @@ 

The Administrator

@@ @@ 

**Addendum SCP-9991-2:** On July 28th, a containment breach resulted in the release of approximately ten thousand SCP-9991 instances during an incineration procedure. Following this event, Containment Specialist Troy Lament left a note regarding the incident.

@@ @@

In all my years I've had countless encounters with demons, imps, Rakshasas, oni. Call them what you like. Even before my time with the Foundation, I performed exorcisms. In all of that I've learned that fool-proofing should be a priority. But this time, I saw no seals, no binding, or even protective measures. Instead of using holy water, they used salt. I tried to reason it away as some sort of regional practice, until the order came.

The Administrator commanded that we incinerate those dolls.

I obeyed, but I objected internally. Burning is no way to exorcise a demon. It only frees the beast, lets it leap from soul to soul. The Administrator knows this, more than anyone else. I’m certain of it. Yet I stood there, and carried out her orders without question.

They had me arrange the boxes in a spiral. That damn shape again, I see it everywhere. As the flames rose and the smoke kissed my nose, I heard them.

That’s when I understood why none of it made sense.

Those weren’t demons in those dolls.

*They were children.*

*And the Administrator knew.*

@@ @@ 

As of August 1st, efforts are still being made to recover breached instances. None so far have been found. 

@@ @@ 

@@ @@ 

@@ @@ 

@@ @@ 

@@ @@ 

@@ @@ 

@@ @@ 

@@ @@

@@ @@ 

**Special Containment Procedures:** All previously established containment procedures for SCP-9991 instances have been demonstrated to be ineffective besides immediate incineration or erasure from the narrative. Given that a majority of instances have returned to ##green|the spiraling thicket##, active containment is no longer considered a priority. Intervention attempts are now only necessary upon contact with the public. Any factories that are in production of any more SCP-9991 instances, authentic or counterfeit, are to be immediately raided. 

High tariffs against all imports are to be implemented to discourage contact with the public.  

**Description:** SCP-9991 is a group of female juvenile púcaíA type of trickster fae. that take the form of a mass-produced plush pendant. Instances display cognitive and behavioral functions similar to those of human children between the ages of three to seven years. Following a major containment breach, the instances now exhibit hostility towards Foundation personnel, vandalizing offices with soot, obscene messages, breaking of equipment, and ransacking food supplies.

SCP-9991 instances are capable of shapeshifting, most commonly taking the form of a female human child with animal ears or that of a Shetland pony. The color of their plush form is consistent in the hair and fur across all forms.

Interactions with the public are generally peaceful. SCP-9991 instances often engage in pranks and mischief, or perform household chores in exchange for baked goods. There are numerous reports of them offering rides to individuals, often venturing into ##green|the deep and dark woods## before returning the person home. Encounters with SCP-9991 are associated with improvements in health and agricultural harvest.

The current version of SCP-9991 emerged when  ##red|the bastard full of entropy## had contacted Frederik Sun after the original instances were largely banished to ##green|the land of the lost children## or narratively erased during the Foundation-Fae War. A series of battles that occurred between 1921-1932. The conflict resulted in the erasure or death of an estimated 75% of the recorded fae population. Surviving fae were stripped of their names and forced into retreat, never to coexist with humanity again. This allowed SCP-9991 to be reintroduced to the public once more. 

Prior to its escape to ##green|the place of the hollow trees##, an instance of SCP-9991 formerly owned by the Administrator left instructions to establish contact with ##red|he who has hooves##.

@@ @@ 

= **<<Interview with ##red|the Jester of the Former Fae Court##>**

**Date Recorded:** 22/08/25

**Interviewer:** Administrator

**Interviewee:** ##red|The discordant deer##

**Forward:** The Administrator, accompanied by two armed personnel and camera operator, arranged to meet ##red|the subject## at the edge of ##green|the twisted oaks##.

---

= **<<Begin Footage>>**

<##red|The short one with cloved feet## emerges from spiraling vines, twisting himself as he lifts his hooves from the ground, circling the Administrator.>

##red|Well, well! Long time no see. What’s it been--a century? Maybe even more? And yet you don’t look a day over thirty-nine. What’s your secret? Is it the moisturizer made from the blood of the innocent, or maybe castor oil?##

##red|Oh, but where are my manners? It seems your name has just slipped my mind... How outrageous of me! Do remind me, what was it again?##

 **Administrator:** Nice Try.

<##red|The individual with three eyes## crosses his legs and arms in a huff.>

##red| You know the power a name holds, and how carefully you’ve scraped us from the pages of your storybook. But isn’t it wonderful? By now, I’m sure you’ve seen my daughters. They don’t live in fear of you, or your fairytale burning Foundation. They still find joy in this grey world, even as you try to strip it of all its whimsy. We may finally break the cycle that binds us both.##

 **Administrator:** You’ve plunged the world into chaos once more. To your kind, it's just a game to meddle in our human affairs. But for us, your discord brings only suffering and death.

<She takes a pause.>

**Administrator:** Consider this a final warning. I do not wish to harm any more of your ugly spawn than I already have. But if you continue, those who remain will be erased completely. Just like ##red|your lover## and ##red|your queen##.

 ##red|I doubt that you, of all humans, would not hesitate to eliminate us completely, even if we were to comply with your demands. You have already massacred thousands of my girls, and yet your hunger only grows. I know that if you could, you would erase me just like the rest of them. It must frustrate you *endlessly* that you haven’t been able. I'm not one of your tropes.##

 ##red|Though I must admit, lying to your own Foundation, and painting us as violent demons is new low. It seems you can't stand the thought of humanity being enhanced by fae magic, unless you are the one holding the horse's reins.##

 ##red|Tell me, how is it that you and the rest of your council haven’t aged a day since I last laid my three eyes upon you?##

**Administrator:** You know, deep in whatever crooked heart that you have, that you cannot win against me. So why do they still wear those toothy smiles?

<##red|The singing satyr## begins to laugh.>

 ##red|You have stolen our names, used our magic, and claimed our lands as your own. But there is one thing you will never possess. It is the reason I stand before you now. The reason my face haunts you across the corridors of Site-19. ##

 ##red|You will never be able to take our whimsy. ##

<Bone by bone, ##red|the nature sprite## begins to whistle. The winds howl into an animalistic growl. With a tilt of the head, a curve of the lips, and a graceful bow, ##red|the wild beast## returns. The final note of a gittern rings through the gorse and holly.>

= **<<End Interview>>**

@@ @@ 

**Addendum SCP-9991-3:** As of September 2025, the popularity of "Lapupu" has sharply declined. Reports of encounters have dropped off significantly. On September 7th, the Administrator arrived at her office to find a series of hand drawn images and a photograph nailed to her door.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9990](SCP-9990) | SCP-9991 | [SCP-9992](SCP-9992) >>

> **Filename:** lapupu1.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Filename:** lapupu.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Filename:** bubu.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0
