=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9577

**Object Class:** [Pythagoras](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9853)

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9577 is kept within the laboratory wing of Site-19. The site’s committee are working alongside the finance department on whether SCP-9577 would lower the cost of constructing the new “Earth Sciences Wing”. Before SCP-9577 was acquired, the committee were analysing Loanston Furrow’s rapid infrastructure development and housing provisions, which made it one of the fastest growing towns in the USA.

**Description:** Loanston Furrows, TN was initially brought to the [Program’s](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/series-0-glossary) attention as pattern recognition software collated several hundred online reviews over the course of 25 years. Visitors/tourists in local hotels, B&Bs and amenity spaces consistently reported that the town was enshrouded in an intense body odour smell. This smell persisted across a majority of building interiors.

Investigations discovered a local landmark known as “Turtle Rock” situated by a forested road on the town's outskirts. SCP-9577 is a large granite erratic painted in acrylics to resemble the head of a turtle. Outwardly SCP-9577 presents no anomalous phenomena. The mouth of SCP-9577 is wide enough and tall enough to fit an average-sized person, where they may notice an opening leading into an interior space within the rock. Victims are compelled to enter and will emerge a few minutes later.

Program casualty prevention measures have prevented research personnel from entering into SCP-9577. Use of drones revealed only dark hollowed-out rock, big enough to comfortably fit one person. However, SCP-9577 victims mention the following counterintuitive aspects about the interior:

* The interior is bright.

* It is long and has many rooms and a stairwell.

* It is intensely warm. Victims may take off their clothes.

* The walls are warm and squishy to the touch.

* Placing your hand against a wall you can sense vibrations and a distant rhythmic thumping.

* Sebaceous membrane-bound entities shaped like people crawl about sluggishly and can easily be popped.

* What feels like several hours within SCP-9577 will only be a couple minutes on the outside.

* Victims consistently refer to the interior space as a “shell”.

A person who has emerged from SCP-9577’s mouth may outwardly express no anatomical or behavioural difference. These people however will be engendered to produce interior spaces using the rapid onset of biological mass. Interior spaces will grow from the victim to varying sizes, and will be cuboid in appearance. This mass will detach from the victim, who may then be compelled to use this space as living quarters. A victim can repeat this process multiple times.

In 2026, a school bus from a neighbouring town detoured through Loanston Furrows to see Turtle Rock while on their way to visit the newly built Sand Lake Datacentre. While the school group quickly left due to scheduling, this did not prevent at least 8 children from entering and exiting SCP-9577 during the detour.

Later, an unknown incident on the bus caused it to suddenly veer off the road and crash into a residential property. This exposed dense layers of epidermal tissues, fat, muscle and organ tissues contained between the walls beneath the timber boards of the property. Blood erupted from the opening and the house was reported as shuddering intensely. Skin growth rapidly enveloped the bus from the damaged portion of the property. All non-SCP-9577-affected children were recovered before sebaceous membrane transfiguration had fully begun.

For each window and door (or any purposeful opening) on all investigated Loanston Furrows properties, these openings were found to be cutouts through the dermal layers, done with surgical precision to prevent regrowth. Suture and cauterisation scars were found along these edges. The oldest among these investigated properties have begun to collapse due to old age.

<< [SCP-9576](SCP-9576) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9578](SCP-9578) >>

> **Filename:** Turtle Rock, Mascot, TN May 2012.jpg

> **Author:** Haley Buhl username: Haleyfaith8 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Turtle_Rock,_Mascot,_TN_May_2012.jpg)
