.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

 

:root {

 

    --header-subtitle: "Secure, Contain, Protect";

 

    ~~space-body-bg: url(https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/theme:cosmos/cosmos-body-bg.jpg);

    ~~space-header-layer-0: url(https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/theme:cosmos/cosmos-header-layer0.avif);

    ~~space-footer-bg: url(https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/theme:cosmos/Milky_Way_over_Concordia_Camp%2C_Karakoram_Range%2C_Pakistan-Photoroom.png);

    --space-blackhole: 0 0 0;

    --space-void: 22 23 33;

    --space-starlight: 255 255 255;

    --space-planet: 156 102 255;

    --space-nebula: 103 80 181;

    --space-sun: 153 189 255;

    --space-moon: 229 214 157;

    --foreground-stars: 100s;

    --midground-stars: 200s;

    --background-stars: 300s;

}

 

<details>
<summary>Toggle stars off</summary>

</details>

---

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The containment of SCP-9498 is mainly handled by Group of Interest-9498. The five Foundation agents stationed at SCP-9498-1 are to cooperate with employees of GoI-9498, while monitoring their operation. Funding is provided to GoI-9498 to ensure containment of SCP-9498 goes smoothly. Agents assigned to SCP-9498-1 are to familiarize themselves with the complete "CDRMA Workplace and Habitation Safety" handbook.

While the audiovisual amnestic hypnosis GoI-9498 uses proves effective in ensuring humans and other beings passing through SCP-9498-1 do not remember this happening, Foundation agents stationed there are to keep track of those returning to Earth to ensure they and any recording devices on their vehicle retain no information of SCP-9498-1. 

In the case of a traffic accident involving a vehicle's momentary disappearance and subsequent reappearance as a result of SCP-9498, MTF-Phi-49, "Pothole Fillers" Task force specializing in resolving traffic accidents relating to anomalous phenomena.   , is to be dispatched to its location in order to resolve the situation while removing any recorded evidence of SCP-9498. Amnestics are to be used if needed. Foundation webcrawlers are to search and remove all footage of SCP-9498 in action. 

**Description:** SCP-9498 is a phenomena where rips in space unobservable by the naked eye spontaneously appear. When an organism or object passes through an SCP-9498 instance, they will be transported to SCP-9498-1. ~~SCP-9498 instances occur more frequently on highways. The reason for this is unknown.~~ As most SCP-9498 instances last under a dozen seconds, the chances of a vehicle passing through one is much higher in locations such as highways due to the speed at which the vehicle moves. Most objects passing through an SCP-9498 instance will reappear at their location of disappearance shortly after. 

**SCP-9498-1** is a space located between dimensions. It is comprised from multiple lanes resembling different roads and paths, appearing abruptly from SCP-9498 instances, with a concrete-like material filling the gaps between them. SCP-9498-1 is approximately 1.2 km. in radius, although as it becomes less stable further away from the reality anchor in the center, its size fluctuates due to the edges of the landmass shifting.

As SCP-9498 is not limited to our world, roads from other dimensions also appear SCP-9498-1, alongside creatures native to them. Due to the efforts of GoI-9498, Cross Dimensional Road Maintenance Association (CDRMA), a non-profit organization tasked with closing SCP-9498 instances and ensuring the safety of those affected by the phenomena, beings from other dimensions seldom access those they are not native to. All who enter SCP-9498-1 are guided to the appropriate corresponding instance of SCP-9498, through which they then return to their own dimension at the spot of initial teleportation. 

At the center of SCP-9498-1 is an advanced reality anchor taking the form of a fifteen story tall housing block, created by GoI-9498 using technology and thaumaturgy from numerous dimensions. The Foundation's requests to examine its exact functions have been denied. Unlike Foundation made reality anchors, it does not interfere with low-level reality bending and thaumaturgy, specializing specifically in ensuring SCP-9498-1 remains stable enough to not cause harm to its residents. 

The secondary function of the reality anchor is to serve as housing for GoI-9498 employees. At the time of writing, residents include:

*  Twelve "imagins"; A species claiming to "live amongst everyone" that appear to the beholder as a member of their species; 

* Two entities identical to humans, with the exception of having green skin, eyes, and hair;

*  **##green|Two of those hailing from a certain forest##**;

*  Eight individuals claiming to be from hell; When asked to describe their home dimension, their accounts do not match.

* Six baseline humans, five of which are Foundation agents, to be rotated when the opportunity presents itself;

* Four giant, sapient instances of *Bufo bufo*; Common toad. 

* Three instances of [SCP-1678](SCP-1678)-A;

* Seventy-three more individuals from different species, most of which have not been known to the Foundation prior to discovering SCP-9498-1.

Despite multiple of these species usually being extremely averse to the Foundation or humanity as a whole, no hostilities have been shown from the residents. This is not believed to be caused by an anomalous effect.

**Addendum-9498-1: Discovery** 

During his commute to Site-14 on 2024/05/12, foundation agent Paul Martins went missing, with his car's GPS signal vanishing while on a highway. 

On 2024/05/20, Site-14 personnel were contacted by agent Martins as he requested funds to return from Tallinn, Estonia. More than 8600 km. from his last recorded location.  Upon returning, Martins presented his bodycam footage, which is the Foundation's first record of SCP-9498-1. The transcript is listed below.

**[Begin transcript]**

[Agent Martins turns on his bodycam, which shows the view from his automobile's front window - he appears to be in a convoy of five cars, slowly moving forward. The sky is a deep purple. Static audio mixed with piano notes can be faintly heard coming from outside the vehicle. It was found that this is the hypnotic audio used by GoI-9498 to heighten suggestibility and disrupt short-term memory formation for passerby of SCP-9498-1. ]

 **Agent Martins:** Fucking 'ell, uh, Agent Martins, recording on... May twentieth, twenty-four. I uh, seem to have been transported somewhere. The noise outside, seems to make you half-asleep. Glad I got some training against... Is that a human? 

[The bodycam gets adjusted to show to the right of the automobile. A human male Researchers have been unable to come to a consensus on his specific appearance.  in a stereotypical roadworker's outfit is seen standing on the pavement next to the convoy, directing the cars with a traffic baton. The road Agent Martins' vehicle is on seems to intersect with another one, which passes right next to the individual.]

**Agent Martins:** I... I don't see a better course of action, so... Need to take a risk.

[Agent Martins drives the Vehicle out of the convoy and onto the intersecting road, stopping next to the after-mentioned person, who recoils in surprise, and signals for Agent Martins to lower his windows.]

**Roadworker:** Woah woah woah, what are you, how did you?! Look, buddy, do you mind, like, getting back in there?

**Agent Martins:** First, what is this place? I was just driving down-

**Roadworker:** Yeah yeah, going down a highway or something, then boom. I know, must be shocking. But uh, if you could take those headphones off,  Agent Martins explained he put on cognitohazard filtering headphones before starting the recording.  and get back to the line, you can be back on your merry way. Won't even remember this happening!

**Agent Martins:** That doesn't answer my question. I can't ignore this, it's part of my job.

**Roadworker:** Your job? Wait, are you one of those, like, jailor guys? What was it, Foundation, I think you call yourselves, yeah?

**Agent Martins:** That's... correct, but how do you know that?

**Roadworker:** Many different people work here, is all. Guess it's fine, then? Sorry, been working here for two years, no one's just left the line before, except that noose guy a while back.

**Agent Martins:** Your work being...

**Roadworker:** Right, uh, directing people to the exit after they enter one of those tears that leads to nowhere.

**Agent Martins:** Nowhere?

**Roadworker:** That's, uh, here. A space between realms, like yours and mine.

**Agent Martins:** Wait, you're not from Earth? Aren't you a human?

[Silence lasting 5 seconds.]

**Roadworker:** Maybe that book nerd was right about you people...

**Agent Martins:** Sorry, sorry, I didn't mean anything by that!

**Roadworker:** Uh-huh. 

**Agent Martins:** A-anyway, how come we haven't encountered *this* before?

**Roadworker:** Well, we do a good job. All 22 realms that support us are satisfied, and all 54 that don't know we exist haven't complained yet. Well, 53 now, I guess.

[In the background, a path made of smoke-like material can be seen forming. The roadworker turns around to look at it, then moves to the side, Agent Martins turning to keep looking at him. For two frames, an entity resembling the Ambassador of Alagadda can be seen walking on the road, before it goes out of the bodycam's view.]

**Agent Martins:** I... I see... I'm not very well suited for a proper interview, so may I ask how to leave and enter this place again? 

**Roadworker:** Oh, enterin' is easy. You just need to take your rift-maker and-

**Agent Martins:** Rift-maker?

**Roadworker:** You know, the thing you make portals to other dimensions with!

**Agent Martins:** Right, yes. We just... Call it something else, that's all, yeah.

**Roadworker:** And then you twist the settings last second, make an error. It'll lead you here, but closes real fast. The things pop up naturally too, which is what we're busy closing. They usually fade after an hour or two, but that can mess things up real bad, so...

**Agent Martins:** Understood. And leaving?

**Roadworker:** Oh, that's tougher. You kinda need to wait for a rift back home to pop up, and that might not... happen for... weeks.

[The man's expression changes as he seems to remember something. He runs a few steps past Agent Martins' vehicle, and shouts in an unknown language towards two humanoid entities with squid-like heads, who are operating machinery at the end of the now-empty road Agent Martins entered on. The man waves his hands while screaming, but is not noticed by the other roadworkers, who pull a lever, creating a loud metallic clang, and making the road fade away. The man turns back to Agent Martins.]

**Roadworker:** So, uh. You weren't in a hurry, right?

**[End of excerpt]**  

Agent Martins' dashcam turned off the moment SCP-9498-1 was entered, which was later confirmed to be part of the containment procedures GoI-9498 uses. 

Following this, the Foundation was able to successfully cause an SCP-9498 instance and sent in five employees to begin negotiations. This resulted in an agreement to fund and assist GoI-9498 in securing SCP-9498 instances. Habitation in SCP-9498-1, alongside with assistance in tracking the geographical location of vehicles that pass through an SCP-9498 instance has been provided to the Foundation.

**Note:** As the artificial SCP-9498 instance closed just one minute after being created, the employees sent were stranded on SCP-9498-1 for two weeks. Fortunately, all survived, with only one sustaining minor injuries due to a workplace accident. 

**Addendum-9498-2: Workplace and Habitation safety**

As employees living in SCP-9498-1's housing during their shifts are exposed to a wide array of threats, information on habitation and workplace safety has been gathered from CDRMA employees. The following is a small excerpt.

| Type | Employee advice |
| --- | --- |
| **Habitation** | The housing block lacks housekeeping. Anyone claiming to be a custodian and asking for your name should not be given it. |
| **Workplace** | If you lack ~~the wisdom of the ancient ones~~ resistance to memetic effects, do not look at roads made of crimson dirt, humanoid hands, or rope. Qualified employees will handle the situation. |
| **Habitation** | If you hear faint murmurs outside, close the curtains and do something to drown out the noise, such as watching television Due to lack of signal in SCP-9498-1, employees are suggested to bring physical or downloaded media for entertainment.  or listening to music. Do not look outside, do not listen in. Attention makes them louder. |
| **Habitation** | If you hear drunken humming in the hallway of floor 8, do not exit your room. Gahillot is very, very annoying. Employees that worked with CDRMA insist this rule should be kept on the list.  |
| **Habitation** | The housing block has only fifteen floors. |
| **Workplace** | If a portal visible to the naked eye appears, do not look at it - it's not for us to fix. It'll leave after a while. |
| **Habitation** | Missing items can always be found in the "Lost and Found" section of housing. The gnomes are lying if they say it's not there, pressure them a bit. |
| **Habitation** | The room phones all have the same ringtone. If it sounds different, disregard it. |
| **General** | If an unknown situation arises, contact the nearest CDRMA employee that you share a language with to gain instructions. |
Following this, Foundation employee mortality rate dropped drastically, with most surviving their shifts. If you are scheduled for one, please contact RAISA for the full "CDRMA Workplace and Habitation Safety" handbook.

**Addendum-9498-3: Origins of CDRMA**

For nearly two years since discovery, the origin of GoI-9498 remained unknown due to no official records being kept and the difficulty of communicating with older employees. On 2026/04/28, a Foundation member working at the reception of the housing block found a note in a hidden cabinet, believed to be written by the founder of CDRMA over 28 years ago. The translation is available below. 

##black|When I was a young boy, my home was plagued by famine. Wars were waged over plots of farmland, and much blood was shed. At the time, I was praying the side my father fought and died for would win. But now I realize how selfish and foolish I was. ##

##black|When I was playing with my friends, seeing who can ride our boards faster down the hill, shouting about how we were 'cavalrymen' that will save the day, I fell through something I could not see. When I snapped out of my confusion, I found myself floating in a purple void. I looked around, and there I saw it - a beast, unlike anything I've seen before, with long, segmented arms like logs, and four eyes instead of one. Our eyes met as we drifted through nothingness, and that was when I realized it - in this hopelessness, we were the same. It was larger than me, alien to me, and so, so foreboding. Yet we were both helpless, and as such, we were equal. I felt no fear, nor did it seem to feel any malice towards me. Finally, my friends reached in through the gap between space that brought me here, and pulled me out, but the beast was left there, all alone. ##

##black|But my mind had been changed forever - I had grown wiser from that encounter, and realized that I should wish not for victory, but for peace, for both sides of the war simply wished not to starve, yet this endless bloodshed was dooming us all. I rose through the ranks, advocated for world peace, and, when I finally succeeded, I found a way back to that place between worlds, the place where I felt so hopeless, yet united with all who shared my weakness. ##

##black|And so, this place has been born. This small, yet oh so significant association that I spent my life building. But unity brought about by one man is nothing but a lie - that is why I made so, so many companions, from worlds none of us knew existed. ##

##black|I never saw that beast again, but I hope that it would be proud of me, even if I could not save it. ##

##black|This place is more than just people fixing the potholes of reality. It is a sign of unity, proof that people can unite for a common cause, no matter who they are. ##

##black|And to you, who found this note - I thank you. Together, let us ensure that everyone will get to their destination on this road we all share. ##

<< [SCP-9497](SCP-9497) | SCP-9498 | [SCP-9499](SCP-9499) >>
