=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9839

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** All samples of SCP-9839 are to be kept in airtight opaque containers in Site-56's cold storage. Standard safety precautions for visual cognitohazards and blood products apply.

Attempts to locate any extant copies of SCP-9839-1 are underway.

**Description:** SCP-9839 is a form of human blood that has unusual optical properties. It is an exceptionally bright shade of red -- more so than any existing pigment or any electronic display can properly replicate. SCP-9839 will continue to appear red even in the absence of red light, or in concentrations where regular blood would appear black. Details of SCP-9839's appearance are abnormally easy to discern, even at a distance or under adverse conditions.

SCP-9839 is a visual cognitohazard. Direct observers report that SCP-9839 appears more "realistic" than its surroundings. They will generally describe this effect as akin to that achieved when a photographic image is placed in an illustrated or computer-generated environment. The neurological basis for this effect is not currently understood.

Psychological reactions to SCP-9839 vary between observers. Most are able to function normally, albeit with lingering doubts as to the nature and/or legitimacy of reality. Observers with pre-existing anxiety about these matters may develop an obsession with SCP-9839 over time. Subjects who are already susceptible to derealization (such as those with certain mental disorders) may abruptly experience it upon viewing SCP-9839. Most subjects also report a greatly reduced emotional response to non-anomalous blood and bleeding.

SCP-9839 is chemically identical to human blood, save for its genetic material, which is comprised of a short repeating nucleic acid sequence that reads "COPYWRITE PORKY576 DONT STEAL OR THE KILL YOU IREL" (sic) when decoded.

SCP-9839-1 was an image file consisting of red text on a black background. When read in full, the reader's tear ducts would produce SCP-9839 for 30-50 minutes; generally, about 0.4 liters of SCP-9839 were produced per subject. As no extant copies of SCP-9839-1 exist, further details have been gathered from witness testimony.

SCP-9839-1's text entailed a short horror story about a "lost episode" of the Polish children's cartoon *Bolek and Lolek* in which the title characters perform a series of unrelated and apparently pointless satanic rituals. The story abruptly concluded with Lolek's eyes bleeding "hyperrealistic blood", followed by the assertion that the reader's eyes would do the same. SCP-9839-1 was barely legible due to frequent spelling and grammar errors.

On July 9th, 2014, all copies of SCP-9839-1 were changed to a non-anomalous image in the same format; transcripts were similarly replaced with text. The text in question is included below.

wow this was fucking cringe. i'm deleting it. blood magic was completely wasted on 11 year old me. if you got an existential crisis from my gay creepypasta syrup you should probably see a therapist. sorry.

hearts and kisses, [ mashedpork](scp-2726 )

= << [SCP-9838](SCP-9838) | SCP-9839 | [SCP-9840](SCP-9840) >>
