_

### NOTICE FROM THE UNDERSECRETARY GENERAL

---

**After extensive inquiry, Coalition personnel have determined the subject of the following external article to be the root cause of the "Kewpie Crescendo" Crisis.**

---

**HIGH COMMAND**

**UNGOC**

 _

---

 _

**Item #:** SCP-9843

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9843 is to remain within the confines ████ ████████ Ranch outside Ellsworth, Kansas under supervision of Foundation personnel knowledgable in the equine sciences. Otherwise referred to as *hippologists.*  Being an otherwise ordinary representative of *Equus ferus caballus*, care for SCP-9843 should be typical to that of a regular domestic horse.

All testing of SCP-9843's ingestive capabilities are to be completed in the on-site barn that has been converted into a horse-compatible restaurant referred to as "The Horsey Dorver."

**Description:** SCP-9843, also known by her assigned personnel as "Daisy Cakes," is an adult female horse capable of eating any physical or non-physical substance offered. Aside from this trait, SCP-9843 shows no other anomalous properties. Substances ingested never appear to harm SCP-9843, and SCP-9843 appears to complete the digestive process without issue before leaving non-anomalous droppings.

**Addendum 9843-1:** Dr. Raphael Test Log

 **Item:** Fully Grown Danvers Carrot

 **SCP-9843 Reaction:** Item consumed with enthusiasm.

 **Notes:** I'm not sure what I expected. Consider this a control.

---

 **Item:** █████ Brand Aluminum Beverage Can

 **SCP-9843 Reaction:** Item consumed slowly.

 **Notes:** Daisy's passed the goat test. How far can this go? I don't wanna hurt the gal.

---

 **Item:** My Notes

 **SCP-9843 Reaction:** I don't know, I wasn't looking.

 **Notes:** Dammit Daisy.

---

 **Item:** A Handful of Local Soil

 **SCP-9843 Reaction:** A puff of air from the nostrils. No interest.

 **Notes:** She has tastes.

---

 **Item:** Leg of Wooden Bar Stool

 **SCP-9843 Reaction:** Item consumed with care. Like an armless panda eating bamboo.

 **Notes:** She did this one herself. Her choice. Guess the splinters weren't a problem. Time to lock in.

---

 **Item:** Discarded, Partially Rusted Steel I-Beam

 **SCP-9843 Reaction:** Item consumed with **enthusiasm.**

 **Notes:** Oh my God.

---

 **Item:** Rubber Car Tire

 **SCP-9843 Reaction:** Left the barn.

 **Notes:** Guess she's full.

**Addendum 9843-2:** Dr. Qiu Test Log

Raph is out for today. Daisy's sheepish this morning. Sheepish...

**Item:** One Fully Grown Male Sheep

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** [DATA EXPUNGED]

**Notes:** FUCK THIS.

**Addendum 9843-3:** Dr. Raphael Test Log #2

No sign of Dr. Qiu. Abby tells me he requested reassignment. Not sure what that's about. His loss! Anyway, let's get to work.

**Item:** ████ Brand Personal Computer

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** Peeled case like a corn husk. Most interested in SSD, RAM, GPU, and CPU components. Consumed respective pieces with enthusiasm.

**Notes:** ~~Mama hungry.~~ **Stay serious.**

---

**Item:** Four Inch Cube of Tungsten Metal

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** Swallowed cube in one gulp.

**Notes:** That's just spectacular. That thing weighed just over forty pounds. Chomped it down like it was nothing. I'd test diamond if we could, but Harper is telling me we need to get a bit more exotic. Any anomalous horse can eat metal and electronics. What else can this baby do?

Think I've got a brilliant idea.

---

**Item:** File *daisycakesmealtime.txt* on Personal Laptop Computer

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** Nothing of note.

**Notes:** Holy mother of God, the file disappeared. Right in front of my eyes. It's like it deleted itself. Did she do that? Am I insane? I may be going insane. It's worth another test. Something more rigorous.

---

**Item:** Multiple text files each titled *daisycakesSteelBeam.txt, daisycakesCarrot.txt,* and *daisycakesSoil.txt.*

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** Puffed air out of lips.

**Notes:** SteelBeam and Carrot disappeared, but Soil stayed. Daisy Cakes can eat digital files. Or can she?

---

**Item:** A Cake Located in the Video Game █████████

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** A satisfied whinny.

**Notes:** She can.

**Addendum 9843-4:** Dr. Raphael Text Log #3

We're back and better than ever today. Time to really push Daisy to her limits. Excited!

**Item:** Entropy

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** Shook her mane.

**Notes:** A nearby table flash-froze. Just covered in frost. Abby seemed really unnerved by this one. I know the laws of thermodynamics are important, but we can't let anxiety get in the way of progress.

---

**Item:** The Concept of Plurofinousness

**SCP-9843 Reaction:**

**Notes:** What is this? When did I write this down? This doesn't mean anything.

---

**Item:** Solar Radiation

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** Went outside and stared at the sun.

**Notes:** Well. I may be in deep shit. An absolutely massive solar flare hit us right after this test started. A lot of satellites are fried. Not all of them though! Bright sides, people. Bright sides. No one has to know.

---

**Item:** Containment Class Rothko

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** Sneezed.

**Notes:** We didn't need that one anyway.

---

**Item:** SCP-9843

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** None.

**Notes:** Nothing happened. Guess she does have a limit.

---

**Item:** My Divorce

**SCP-9843 Reaction:** Stomped foot. Huffed out of nostrils.

**Notes:** Oh my God- she just texted me. This horse is unreal. I bet I can have some real fun with this. Oh, this has me feeling bold now!

---

**Item:** The O5 Council

**SCP-9843 Reaction:**

**Notes:**

<< [SCP-9842](SCP-9842) | SCP-9843 | [SCP-9844](SCP-9844) >>
