@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto:ital,wght@0,100..900;1,100..900&display=swap');

.scp-image-block {

    border: none;

box-shadow: none;

}

.overseer {

background: url(https://kaktuskontainer.wdfiles.com/local--files/format-hell/scp_trans.png) center no-repeat, white; 

text-align: center; 

margin: 0 auto; 

font-size: 20px; 

padding: 3rem;

color: black;

border-radius: 8px;

}

.header-box > .top-right-box {

    background-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/theme%3Apenumbra/logo.png");

}

.top-middle-box > .from-name-box, .to-name-box, .cc-text-box {

    color: #ededed;

}

.content-box > hr {

    background-color: #878787;

}

.footer-box > .bottom-left-box {

    border-left: 2px solid white;

}

.footer-box > .bottom-right-box {

    padding-right: 2rem;

}

/* IMPORTED FROM JEZIXO'S WONDERFUL SCP */

div#u-authorlink {

    text-align: center;

    color: rgb(187, 187, 187);

font-weight: 700;

margin-top: 0.5rem;

}

div#u-authorlink a {

font-weight: 700;

}

div#u-authorlink p {

margin: 0px;

}

.centerbox {

width: fit-content;

margin: 3rem auto;

}

.authorlink-wrapper {

    margin: 0px !important;

}

/* RAISA MEMO */

div[class$="_memo"] {

    background: var(~~memo-logo) rgba(var(~~memo-color), 1);

    background-size: contain;

    background-position: top center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    min-height: 4rem;

    margin-inline: auto;

    margin-block: 2rem;

    padding-inline: 20px;

    padding-block: 10px;

    border: solid 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

    text-align: center;

}

div.raisa_memo {

    --memo-heading: "ugh";

    ~~memo-logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/theme:basalt/RAISA_LIGHTLOGO.png);

    --memo-color: 255, 243, 173;

}

div.raisa_memo {

max-width: 36rem !important;

box-shadow: 0px 1px 1.9px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1), 0px 6px 15px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

padding: 0px;

margin: 3rem auto;

width: 95%;

background-position: center;

color: black;

font-family: 'InterVariable', sans-serif;

}

div.raisa {

background: rgba(255, 243, 173, 1);

border: 1px solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

box-shadow: 0px 1px 1.9px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1), 0px 6px 15px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

}

div.raisa_memo::before {

content: none;

}

.raisa-header {

    padding-inline: 0.5rem;

}

.raisa-background {

background: rgba(255, 243, 173, 0.8);

}

div.raisa-content {

    max-width: 26rem !important;

    text-align: left;

    margin-inline: auto;

padding: 1rem;

}

.raisa-divider {

    display: block;

    background: rgba(0,0,0,0.1);

    height: 2px;

    width: 100%;

}

.text-notice {

    font-size: 1rem;

    font-weight: bold;

}

.text-raisa {

    font-weight: bold;

    font-size: 1.4rem;

}

by 

NOTICE FROM THE 

 FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION 

The following is the initial documentation of an EPOCHAL EPOCHAL designation is assigned to threats likely to exist beyond our capability to plan for them. All records are subject to future alteration and adaption for future human-equivalent hominids or sapient life. -class anomaly. As anticipated vernacular changes, sections may be out of date. All phrasing is circa 2025 CE. See RAISA or future equivalents for updated documentation should need arise. 

In addition, this document contains racial invective considered offensive in our time. In the event that any language we considered acceptable in our time is considered a grave offense in yours, we offer our apologies. 

@@@@

**-- Automated Message From RAISA**

---

]

---

## Special Containment Procedures

Visual exposure to SCP-9002 is limited to 5 minutes per week for non-testing personnel. Any personnel who exceed this limit are required to attend sensitivity training, with a focus on racial sensitivity twice weekly until symptoms subside. Under no circumstances are any personnel to approach SCP-9002 with hostile intent, at the risk of triggering a VEHEMENCE CYCLE. 

Tire inflation and lubrication are to be checked weekly, and before any experiments involving riding SCP-9002. Standard Foundation-Issue bike lock is to be attached at all times.

Test subjects are not to exceed Stage 3 of exposure (50 miles/7 days stationary). Should any test subjects advance beyond Stage 3 or trigger a VEHEMENCE CYCLE, Subject is to be sequestered in the Site-56 Maximum Security Exclusion Shelter.

**UPDATED PROCEDURES AS OF 9/24/26**

Foundation SKYEYE assets are to monitor broadcasts from the Triangulum Galaxy. In the event of a completed VEHEMENCE CYCLE, sealed contingency plans have been filed with the relevant departments.

No personnel with a Psychic Coherence Rating over 4 Gellars The Gellar is the standard unit of measurement for psionic sensitivity. The average baseline human broadcasts thoughts at a unit of 1 Gellar.  are to be assigned to SCP-9002. Additional lead shielding is to be installed around the Site-56 Maximum Security Exclusion Shelter. 

The remains of Specialist Meltzner are to be treated as a CLASS-3 PSYCHOHAZARD.

All testing is to be suspended. Site-56 has been decommissioned and reassigned Long-Term Epochal Storage. 

---

---

## Description

SCP-9002 is a Huffy brand mountain bike, manufactured between 1998-2006. It has no observable differences from similar models. 

SCP-9002 is capable of independent locomotion, and able to act in self-defense via emission of Ψ-A radiation Ψ-A is the emitted energy from psionic individuals. Ψ-A is measured in Gellars. .

The primary effect of SCP-9002 manifests during extended contact with the bicycle. Subjects in contact with SCP-9002 will undergo a dramatic behavioral and cognitive shift, with a focus on increased racial prejudice. This change will occur over a matter of days, with a marked increase while riding SCP-9002. This effect is magnified during a VEHEMENCE CYCLE event, triggered by approaching with hostile intent.

**STAGE 1**: Subjects describe a sharp increase in intrusive thoughts. If a subject is aware of racial biases, resistance is possible.

**STAGE 2**: Biases become normalized to the subject. Statements regarding ethnic groups become absurd and divorced from reality. The following statements were observed in POI-9002's JoeyHamburgers, a Twitch streamer with a very small audience.  broadcasts.

* Danish people cannot sleep on mattresses 

* Han Chinese don't understand what a river is

* Irish-Catholics are incapable of following traffic laws

 

**STAGE 3**: Biases will extend to ethnic and cultural groups the subject is not aware of. The initial subject became aware of the Nälkan culture, as well as an unknown species residing in the Triangulum Galaxy.

<details>
<summary>THE FOLLOWING IS CLASSIFIED AS LEVEL 5/9002</summary>

**STAGE 4**: Subjects who reach stage 4 undergo rapid physical changes to the physical structure of the brain. Surgical intervention has been shown to be possible, but maximally invasive. Termination recommended. 

**STAGE 5**: ABSOLUTE VEHEMENCE, CK CLASS TOTAL FRAGMENTATION SCENARIO 

This stage has yet to be reached in our current epoch. If reached, it is hypothesized that total societal collapse is a possibility. Current understanding of a VEHEMENCE CYCLE is limited to psychic communion with SCP-9002, as detailed in attached test logs. Further communication is strictly limited to avoid further propagation. See Document: VIGILANT LAMB for further details.

</details>

---

## Discovery

The Foundation became aware of SCP-9002 as a result of automated keyword flagging on the streaming platform Twitch. A user by the name of JoeyHamburgers triggered POGGERS.aic with the use of Veiled keywords relating to anomalous ethnography. 

Stream archive incomplete due to Foundation AIC interception. Keyword triggers for Nälka related subjects triggered standard purge and ban protocols. Select excerpts from steam broadcasts affected by SCP-9002 exposure are available below.

---

# Twitch VOD, 9/27/25

 **JoeyHamburgers**: Chat, this is crazy. So like, the bus was late, like usual. I start walking, right. Take an alleyway to cut out that pedestrian crossing, and there it was, leaned against the wall. 

  

 *He struggles off camera, before lifting SCP-9002 into frame.* 

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: Had a free bike sign and everything! Tire just needed some air, it’s like, totally fine too.

 

 *A voice from off-camera*

 

**UNKNOWN FEMALE VOICE:** “Joey, I thought you were gonna keep that outside?”

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: “Yeah, I don't have a lock yet, I don't want some-”

 

 *He cuts himself off. A quiet shock creeps into his expression.*

 

 “I-i don't have a lock for it yet. Anyway, I gotta get queuing.”

 

  *The remainder of the broadcast is uneventful. Data analytics report shows a marked increase in aggression and personal attacks to other players, compared to earlier streams.*

---

# Twitch VOD 9/29/25

 **JoeyHamburgers**: “Yeah, he's got ult. Pushing, pushing, FUCK, MAN! Fuckin’ idiot moron. Acting like a bunch of Triangulans out here. Idiot can't breathe without a helmet. You think you're so special for breathing methane? Playing this game is like huffing farts.”

 

*He pauses.*

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: Shit, chat. I've been on edge, man. Uhhh, Kelly left. Took her shit and went to her sister's. Probably just like, jealous! Her vtuber debut didn't pop off as well as she wanted, I think.

 

*He pauses, rubs his eyes. The game continues.*

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: I've been really on edge. Stream popped off! I’m getting like, crazy numbers now. Straight up tripled in a week, man. 

*On screen, a user in the game types in text chat.*

 

 █████████: TANK WTF PLAY

 

*He groans, leaning forward to type.*

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: POST UR SKULL MEASUREMENTS GAS BOY

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: “Lotta fuckin’ tripods in queue today, chat. Maybe if they thought I was a Jovian they'd give a damn about healing me.”

*Due to the extreme distance to the Triangulum Galaxy, current threat priority is low. Warnings of extrasolar threats under consideration for Long-Term Anthropoid Warning System.*

---

# Twitch VOD 9/30/25

 *Stream is unusual, with no game being played. Majority of screen is facecam. Subject appears visibly intoxicated.*

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: “So, Kelly came back. Just to uh, get some of her stuff. I think this is it, chat. She uh, got on to me about the bike again. 

 

 *Subject pauses to take a drink. Considers the bottle, swigs again.*

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: I said some shit to her, about her cooking, her parents. I fucked up, chat. I think this is it. S’just jokes. I was kidding. I wanted to like, lighten the mood. I fucked up. I told her I can't leave it outside. Someone's gonna take it from me.”

 

 *Subject glares at SCP-9002, who is parked in place of the desk chair. A sign labeled “BACK IN 5” is taped between the handlebars.*

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: “How's that supposed to work, you're a bicycle. Fucking idiot. Ain't even got a body.”

 

*He stands, stumbling towards the camera.*

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: “‘nother stream tomorrow. If I bother.”

---

# Twitch VOD 10/1/25

 **JoeyHamburgers**: “Fuckin’ sarks, bro. If I had kids, I wouldn't let them anywhere near em. Coming home with extra hands and shit.”

 

█████: “... Bro, what?”

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: “Oh, I'm sorry, the “Nälka” or whatever. The weird fleshcrafters from the Steppes. Maybe they can fleshcraft a new gland that lets me give a shit about them.” 

 

 *Costreamer becomes visibly uncomfortable.*

 

█████: “Is this from a game I haven't played yet or…”

 

 *Subject takes a long drag off an electronic cigarette before coughing.*

 

 **JoeyHamburgers**: “I'm just saying they gotta keep that shit outta schools. I don't wanna see anyone twisting shit or eating people or whatever it is they do out there.”

---

Emergency mobilization was authorized. The nearest armed MTF unit, RHO-8 ("Menace II Divinity" Tactical Theology "farm league" task force, staked out nearby observing a Southern Fifthist televangelist. ) reached the subject's apartment within 20 minutes. Operating on limited intelligence, the decision was made to breach the subject's apartment and detain PoI-9002. Upon apprehension, the anomalous nature of the bicycle became apparent and was reclassified as SCP-9002.

 **CHARLIE**: In position, have a clear shot through the balcony. No weapons visible.

 

 **ALPHA**: Clear for breach at the front door. Bravo, apprehend the subject, I'll cover.

 

 **BRAVO**: We're live in 3, 2, 1… 

 

 *The charges go. The apartment door caves in on itself, showering the interior with splinters. POI-9002 is seated at a computer desk.*

 

 *POI-9002 throws up his hands and hits the floor.*

 

 **BRAVO**: Show me your hands! Warrant service! 

 

 **POI-9002**: What did I do, what's goin-

 

 *BRAVO cuts him off, throwing him face down into the carpet. ALPHA sweeps the remainder of the apartment, rifle first. He sweeps over SCP-9002.*

 *A red burst lights up the camera, source unknown to RHO-8 elements on scene at the time.*

 

 **ALPHA**: FUCK! That's bright!

 

 **CHARLIE**: What the fuck was that?

 

 **ALPHA**: Mountain bike. Flashed something at me, goggles didn't flag it as memetic. 

 

 **POI-9002**: Get away from it! 

 **ALPHA**: Stay down, cracker!  Both ALPHA and POI-9002 are Caucasian. 

 

 *ALPHA raises his rifle to point at the prone POI-9002.*

*BRAVO reflexively reaches up to cover his bodycam.*

 -FOOTAGE ENDS-

---

The following is the reconstructed timeline from the successful acquisition of SCP-9002. All involved personnel have been sequestered in the Maximum Security Exclusion Shelter at Site-56 to avoid further Ψ-A contamination. 

---

 **9:46** - As a result of the breach, SCP-9002 had a chance to escape. The then-unknown capability of independent locomotion allows to roll free of the destroyed apartment door.

 

 **9:47** - Footage from CHARLIE'S body camera tracks SCP-9002 leaving the apartment complex. CHARLIE updates backup from GAMMA-7 to re-task to pursuit.

 

 **9:50** - After securing POI-9002, RHO-8 proceed on foot in pursuit. 

 **9:52** - GAMMA-7, already en route, split into two teams, post-arrest cleanup and pursuit.

 

 **9:55** - BRAVO reports that ALPHA has ceased pursuit to interrogate a night game of basketball.

 

 **10:01** - BRAVO cancels report, makes first mention of ALPHA being potentially compromised. Civilians at the basketball court incapacitated non-lethally.

 

 **10:10** - Spc. MELTZNER reports first detection of Ψ-A emissions, changes heading to directly intercept.

 

 **10:16** - RHO-8 reports SCP-9002 has been cornered on the bridge.

 

 **10:18** - ALPHA reports a field expedient immobilization has temporarily contained SCP-9002.

 **10:19** - BRAVO issues a correction, reports SCP-9002 has been thrown into the river.

 

 **10:20** - Spc. MELTZNER arrives on the bridge.

---

 INCLUDED AUDIO

**ALPHA**: Took you long enough. Whitey can’t run.

**BRAVO**: You guys from GAMMA-7? 

**Spc. MELTZNER**: I got the rundown from CHARLIE, have either of you been exposed? 

**ALPHA**: Are you sure you-

*BRAVO cuts off ALPHA*

**BRAVO**: I think ALPHA's been compromised, sir.

**ALPHA**: We'd have this bagged up if you didn't take so long putting on your lederhosen, *sir*.

*Spc. MELTZNER makes a confused noise.* 

**ALPHA**: What, choking on a potato or something? Christ, can we get a team lead who didn't show up from Ellis Island? 

**BRAVO**: Hey, man-

**ALPHA**: Hey, █████ Invective struck from the record at the request of BRAVO. , I'm in charge here-

**Spc. MELTZNER**: Is that the target?

---

**10:23** - All Foundation elements realize SCP-9002 has escaped the river.

 **10:40** - SCP-9002 has been cornered. 

 **10:41** - SCP-9002 emits a red light alongside a burst of Ψ-A emissions.

---

# Initial Report

We should count ourselves lucky that Site-56 is one of the few Sites that has taken my advice regarding psychometric safeguarding and installed a proper Gellar meter. 

My final statement on the matter is I'm recommending RHO-8 be pulled from active duty until the investigation is concluded,  and the footage from the apprehension used in training as a prime example of what not to do.

As a result of my personal exposure to SCP-9002, I will be sequestering myself alongside RHO-8 in Site-56 for further study of the anomaly. 

- Spc. F. Meltzner, MTF GAMMA-7 Field Officer 

---

## TESTING LOG

Direct testing with D-class personnel replicated the observed effects. While there are no observable memetic effects, SCP-9002 emits a steady 4.5 Gellars of Ψ-A radiation. Due to the relative rarity of Ψ-A emitting anomalies, MTF Gamma-7 “Frontier Psychiatrists” was placed in command of the testing environment.

---

 **SUBJECT**: D-9002-1

 **BASELINE PCR**: 0.9 GELLARS 

 **POST EXPOSURE PCR**: 4/3.9

 

 **TESTING PARAMETERS**: Subject is to ride laps around testing area and note any thoughts they feel to be intrusive or unwanted. D-9002-1 is equipped with audio monitoring equipment.

 

 **OBSERVATIONS**: Ψ-A output of SCP-9002 reached a peak of 7 Gellars during the test. D-9002-1. Around the 7 mile mark, D-9002-1 was recorded as hissing racial remarks aimed at testing staff under his breath.

 

---

 **SUBJECT**: D-9002-2 

 **BASELINE PCR**: 0.9

 **POST EXPOSURE**: 7/7.4

 **TESTING PARAMETERS**: D-9002-2 is instructed to pick up the hammer and strike SCP-9002's handlebars. 

 

 **OBSERVATIONS**: D-9002-2 triggered the self-defense mechanism of SCP-9002 at a distance of 10 feet. The red light was projected from the bike, striking D-9002-2. Test chamber Ψ-A readings spiked at 22 Gellar.

 

 

 

 

 *Post exposure CAT scans indicate physical changes to the amygdala. In effect, the mirror neurons, the parts that see ourselves as others are beginning to fragment.* 

 

 *Of much more concern is an anomalous growth inside of the brain, not present in POI-9002 or -1. We've tested all elements of RHO-8, and ALPHA and BRAVO both show signs of the anomalous growths. My scans seem to be unaffected by the red light, which we've dubbed the VEHEMENCE CYCLE. This targeted emission of Ψ-A radiation appears to advance the cycles we've observed in POI-9002 much faster than passive exposure.*

 

 //This new growth appears to be a rudimentary psionic organ, otherwise foreign to the brain. Compared to unmodified Ψ-A sensitive individuals such as myself, which function via ████  ████ ████ ██ ██ █  psychomotor response █ ███ ███████ ██ ████ ███████ ███████ ███  in-utero █████ █████.

  Compared to the gentle trickle of a natural psychic, 9002-1 instances are open water mains blasting sewage.//

 

 *I believe the bike is making people* physically *prejudicial, and giving them a viral megaphone to spread it.*

*- Spc. F. Meltzner, MTF GAMMA-7 Field Officer* 

---

 

## **10/2/25**

*We need to up the lead shielding by double, at least. We've had reports of unrest from the D-class barracks, and despite sequestration of D-9002-2, the psychic effects appear to propagate. We've gone ahead and ordered CAT scans for the rest of the site's D-class, as well as exposed personnel.* 

 

 *-2 has been moved to the MaxSec Exclusion Shelter after reading at 28 Gellars at rest. Being near him felt like chewing tinfoil. A Ψ-A Sensitive individual without training is a like a dull knife; far more likely to injure you. It's like waking up in the body of an Olympic athlete after years comatose. If it wasn't for my strict mental barriers, I'd be overcome by the sheer hate pouring out of him. -2 is a Decanted Engineered Human* Recent changes to the Berne Protocol and advancements in Rapid Human Prototyping have lead to a more ethical and consistent source of baseline human test subjects. Site-56 was selected for the pilot program. , *active for about a year or so, but I'm getting glimpses of the world outside of a Site. Troubling implications of cross contamination. Recommend termination soon.*

 

*- Spc. F. Meltzner, MTF GAMMA-7 Field Officer* 

---

## **10/5/25**

*It's everywhere. Every single D-class that was placed in the barracks with D-9002-2 is exhibiting symptoms of Stage 3 of the VEHEMENCE CYCLE, with the closest bunks already advanced to Stage 4, despite no direct exposure. I've ordered all non-essential staff out of the bunker. I've spent too much time in direct contact with the D-class, so I've taken the step of considering myself contaminated in advance.*

 

 *As for Containment, shielding rated for Ψ-A radiation is step one. Lead should work in a pinch, if we can't source Telekill anymore. Ideally, this whole site should be underwater.  Remind me to send Director Roczniak a fruit basket at the new Site-56.  Water is an excellent and cost-effective method of blocking alpha particles, Ψ-A should be no different.* 

*It should be shunned and left buried, but SCP-9002 vexes me. Who made this thing? Why is it able to defend itself, or conceptualize a threat approaching? Why is it making people racist?*

 

*Why is it a fucking bicycle?*

 

 *In conclusion, I recommend we suspend all D-class testing. We have nothing to gain from making more psychic racists. Instead, I will go as Curie and Laika before me. I plan to make direct psychic contact with SCP-9002. If it can broadcast, it can receive. If it can change minds, then presumably, it has a mind to change.*

*- Spc. F. Meltzner, MTF GAMMA-7 Field Officer* 

---

## //// TEST LOG: DIRECT PSYCHIC COMMUNICATION (DIRECT/UNMODIFIED MEDIUM)

 MEDIUM: Specialist R. Meltzner [Gellar Rating: 15 ]

 TRANSCRIPTION METHOD: VIDEO/AUTOMATIC WRITING ////

**MELTZNER**: Beginning contact experiment now. Intent is peaceful communication. I'd like to start a dialogue with whoever is inhabiting this bicycle. Are you capable of communication?

 

 *He places a hand on the seat.*

 

 *He recoils instantly.*

 

 **MELTZNER**: I will not return from this. If I speak again, I am not myself. Cut the audio feed, now. 

 

 *Specialist Meltzner sits cross legged on the floor. He begins writing with his right hand while keeping contact with SCP-9002 for the next 10 minutes.* 

 

 *SCP-9002 begins to glow red. The pedals spin in place.*

 

 *SCP-9002 emits a burst of red light. Meltzner takes regular breaks, appearing to be in pain. Psychogram readings increase steadily over the course of the contact experiment. Ψ-A emissions reach lethal levels inside the chamber.* 

 

 *The light grows brighter. Another pulse every 5 seconds.*

 

 *Researcher Kovach reaches for the amnestic failsafe switch, but upon lifting the safety cover, he freezes. When interviewed later, Kovach recalls making visual contact through the camera feed with SCP-9002. According to their testimony, this resulted in a “vivid recollection of being beaten by the police for 3 hours.”* 

 

 *The light is blinding now. MELTZNER is no longer visible in the cone of light. The pedals are whirring in place.*

 

 *Specialist Meltzner moves to the test chamber door, flinging the clipboard into the airlock. He returns to the center of the room, kicking the bike over.*

 

 *Specialist Meltzner points at his temples with both hands, and begins to shake.* 

 

 *His head explodes.*

 

 *His shoulders slump down, body still standing. Inside the bloody stump of his skull, a small pair of handlebars are visible inside of the brain matter.*

 

 On-site Psychogram Meter registered a reading of OFF-SCALE HIGH, and the MaxSec Exclusion Shelter was evacuated. Out of the 12 personnel assigned to the experiment, 4 have since regained consciousness. Door to test chamber was welded shut. Specialist Meltzner's remains are still emitting dangerous levels of Ψ-A radiation, despite an observed loss of roughly 80% of brain matter. 

 

 Site-56 has been reassigned as Long-Term Epochal Storage. The site is to be flooded and sealed. Standard cover story RAD-02 “Radiological Hazard” has been disseminated. 

 

 The following is the result of the direct contact experiment performed by Specialist Meltzner. Due to the difficulty of recording psychic communication, the following was transcribed via automatic writing.

---

---

 I am a vibrant crustacean in the world-ocean. I can feel my family/clan/brood in my hind-brain. Our primordial sea is vast, but I can taste the pheromonal output of a hundred thousand of my peers in the brine.

 

 We are together. This is a world of plenty.

 

 We swarm for a whalefall. The great filter-feeding hulk settling down on the seafloor. Great black clouds pour from its mouth.

 

 The ink spreads across the surface, the twin suns of our world dimming. The great clouds of [intrusion] sink and mix, thick on my primitive gills.

 The familiar scent of our brood turns sour. The chitin looks [wrong]. They are not like [me].

 

 Our world shrinks. Our clutch shrinks. We retreat to caves and close ourselves off. Once vibrant mating displays become threats, a warning. “Keep well clear, you are [other].”

 

 I am somewhere else.

 

 I am a great three-legged thing on the vast taiga. The last snow of winter clings to my pelt, the distant suns peeking through thin clouds. I can hear the trilling of distant siblings. We are a solitary species, but we greet each other warmly when our paths meet. 

 

 We are apart, but we are never alone.

 

 A passing herd, half a day march at the least, trumpets the arrival of healthy young. I return the signal, telling them of a vast field of lichen I saw. Another deep lowing warns of [predators]. It stops. They all stop. The taiga is silent. I am brushed by the wings of something [dark].

 

 I lower my trunk. That lichen was mine, I found it first. The [others] can forage on their own. 

 We are distant. There is not enough.

 

We are a broad, flat siphonophore floating in the methane sea. The three suns above warm our interior, teeming billions of protists and algae and tiny soft-shelled things. We are carrying a world on our back 

The methane cools. The air [sours].

We shrug. [I] drop a microscopic world. Our primordial soup pours into the poison air. The strong survive, the weak are culled. [So it goes.]

 I am human again. I am on Earth. The land is fertile, we have no want. We all speak one tongue. Our works dot the landscape, shelters, storehouses, temples.

 

 The harvest season has ended, we turn our works to the heavens. Great stone blocks take 20 workers to move, and we build to touch the sky. Decades pass, living and moving in absolute harmony. The tower is the highest thing we have built, brick by brick, ornament by ornament. Our triumphs and failures carved deep into sandstone. A physical record of our presence. 

 

 The sky closes to us. The sun dims in a cloudless sky, and I see it. 

 

 [The great dark thing at the heart of it all.]

 

 I am not supposed to be seeing the quiddity of this thing. I am seeing the wholeness of it and it is disgusting. It is [Disgust] Itself.

 

 It passes through our great work and topples it. Miles of stone collide with the great city around it, and we too are scattered. The sobs and shrieks are [foreign] to me, our tongues confused for one another. We cannot be understood. We shun the [alien] to us, retreat into smaller clans and our [vehemence] protects us.

 

 We are safe. We are alone.

 

 It happens again, and again, on a million million worlds. A great [othering]. The accusing hand pointing at the wrong [color/creed/clade]. It is a predator of coherence and harmony and love. 

 

 It is a vicious cycle.

 

 I am in the test chamber. I am a scientist. I am alone. I'm feeling the cold metal of this frame and it feels like a [fence]. I reject it utterly. It is a fearful thing. I have spent my life in contact with things I cannot fathom. I have unwittingly touched the minds of my peers, forever, and I have felt [otherness] in them as well. 

 

 Nothing like this. This is the true sense of the [other]. This is the [eyes through the blinds] and [crossing the street] and [locking the car doors in one of those neighborhoods]. I can feel it riding on the back of my mind and it is a [passenger reaching for the wheel]. It beats ten thousand hands against the glass. I am compromised utterly. I have only touched a [node] but I can feel the [vastness/structure/shape] of it. 

 

 If I leave this room I become another node another another screaming antenna another set of boots marching-

 

 It stops here. Reject it and bury it. Bury me with it.

# IN TRUTH IT IS AN INEXPERT GROPING HAND CRUSHING FLAT THE GLANDS THAT PROVE LOVE IS REAL REMEMBER THE CRUTCH THE HEALED FEMUR THE CHILD LIFTED TO HELP PAINT THE CAVE WALL WE ARE MORE THAN THIS WE ARE THE SHARED BREAD WE ARE THE SPACE AT THE CAMPFIRE WE ARE BURIAL GOODS

# THERE IS STILL A CHANCE

---

## Recovery Log

During post-accident reconnaissance, Ψ-A levels in the Site-56 facility remained lethal, but the observed waveform did not match the pattern of SCP-9002. The psychographic patterns recorded matched the last calibration test of Spc. Meltzner. Despite his observed death, the signal shows no sign of degradation. Due to the lethal levels of psionic energy still present, further study is impossible at this time.

 

 

 The remains of Specialist Meltzner are to be reclassified as SCP-9002. Remote monitoring of Ψ-A radiation is to continue as long as we have the means to. Should Ψ-A radiation signatures substantially change or alter waveform, a specialist meeting the requirements for Operation VIGILANT LAMB or the future equivalent will be deployed.

---

> Candidates considered for VIGILANT LAMB status must meet the following requirements.

> 

> * Medium to High Cognitive Resistance Value

> * Psychic Coherence Rating over 15 Gellars 

> * Above average empathy

> * An overall favorable view of humanity 

> * Willingness to sacrifice with no guarantee of success or survival

>  

> Long Term Epochal Monitoring is to be established. Should sudden society-wide division occur between humans, parahumans or future expected equivalents occur, VIGILANT LAMB personnel are to enter Site-56.

> 

> Selected persons will make contact with SCP-9002 and supplant or replace as necessary.

> The area closed to you is to be made closed to all again. Survivors are to repeat these instructions until they become dogma or no people are left to repeat it.

.footnotes-footer { 

    visibility: hidden; 

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

@@@@

@@@@

[!~~ A/B testing whether rate module at the bottom of the page actually affects anything - see https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/forum/t-17022412/should-your-article-have-a-2nd-rating-module ~~]

/* Only show the A/B test subject when the A/B test is active */

:not(.ab-test--active) + .ab-test-subject { display: none; }

.bottom-rating-module {

  display: flex;

  flex-direction: column;

  align-items: center;

  margin-block: 1rem;

}

.bottom-rating-module .page-rate-widget-box {

  margin: 0;

}

"]]

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-9001](SCP-9001) | SCP-9002 | [SCP-9003](SCP-9003) >>

@@@@

@@@@

=====

=====
