=====

=====

**SCP-9407** - Slender Mansion.

**Author:** 

**[My Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/demolitionderpy-s-author-page)**

**Item #:** SCP-9407

**Object Class:** Hypatia

**Special Containment Procedures:** Monitoring and back-ups located at [Site-12](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9308). Security threat minimal; netizens have no reason to connect the item to Program activity.

Personnel are no longer permitted to post fiction to SCP-9407 -- doing so will now result in disciplinary action. Stories involving other staff members will be considered a HR matter.

Attempts to locate the user 'Mike' are ongoing and high priority.

**Description:** Discovered via anonymous e-mail tip. Item SCP-9407 is a website accessible by the domain 'www.slendermansion.com' which seemingly acts as a hub for amateur horror fiction. When opened, the site displays the following message:

**SLENDER MANSION..... THE PLACE THE PARANORMAL CALL THERE HOME

ENTER.... IF YOU DARE** [sic]

SCP-9407 operates under the framing device of cataloguing strange incidents and entities located within the fictional 'Slender Mansion', although most stories contain no reference to the eponymous mansion whatsoever. Any Internet user is permitted to post fiction to the website, providing they create an account beforehand. All pages contain discussion forums wherein users may comment on the contents of the text and provide praise or criticism.

For reasons still under investigation, most stories posted to SCP-9407 somehow parallel paranatural entities and phenomena currently under the purview of the Special Collections Program.

The following are excerpts from certain stories posted to SCP-9407, and their relation to phenomena given SCP designations:

**Associated Number:** [SCP-9308](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9308)

**Title:** 'Pascal Pig's Playtime LOST EPISODE'

**Overview:** The narrator recounts an apparent hijacking incident on an unnamed Quebecois children's channel which showed footage of a woman's murder.

**Excerpt:** "It cut to Pascal Pig, but something was off. This wasn't the usual felt puppet, happy go-lucky Pascal Pig we knew and loved. Instead, stood a man in a disgusting, rubber pig mask, with his big, hairy belly bulging over his underwear. Besides from those two sparse items, he was naked. Next to the Pascal-man was a woman, similarly stripped to her underwear, tied to a chair. Only then I noticed that he was holding a mallet. You can guess what happened next.

At this point, my parents should've turned the TV off but... they didn't. They sat, in awe, glued to the screen like I was. None of us could move an inch. As the woman's screams rang out over the airwaves, we could do nothing but watch.

Then just like that, she was gone, replaced by a bewildered host apologising profusely. The police launched an investigation but, of course, came up with nothing. Was it real or just some sick prank? Nobody ever found out.

They cancelled Pascal Pig that same summer, no doubt due to the incident ruining the brand. But the weird thing was, the night before it happened, I dreamt it all. The hijacking, the messed-up pigman, the woman, the murder, everything. Every little detail. Nobody believed me back then ~~ I doubt you will now ~~ but I swear to you, that's what happened. The weirdest deja-vu of my life."

**Note:** Despite 'Pascal Pig's Playtime' being an entirely fictional programme seemingly created for the story, many commenters on the post claim to remember watching it as a child (even those without Quebecoise nationality), with commenter '[Jeems](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9862)' specifically claiming to have seen the hijacking incident.

To quote: "*i member watching this event go down as a kid. i completly forgot about it until now. only thing is, i clearly remember the woman not actually dying. the pig guy just stood staring at the camra while the woman rustled round* [sic]".

**Associated Number:** [SCP-8546](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8546)

**Title:** 'Dog Person'

**Overview:** A journalist investigates a recent rash of dead and missing pet dogs in the Texas suburbs.

**Excerpt:** "After doing some quick research, I managed to get in touch with the coroner at Clark County Sheriff's Office.

"Ain't seen nothing like this before." He told me in his office, "An animal can't make bite marks like that, hell, neither could any tool or machine I know of." The coroner frowned, the resulting wrinkles piling up across his bald head. He continued, this time quieter.

"I'm not supposed to do this but... would you like to see one?" Of course, I said yes. I shouldn't have.

He took me into the cold storage, a sterile place with walls lined with metal hatches. At the back of the room, he slowly pulled open one of the lockers. The room got a lot colder. Laying there, dead, was a dog ~~ if you could even call it that ~~ no older than a year, in five different pieces. I had to stop myself from throwing up. The puppy's skin was entirely red; not muscle, but pure, bloody flesh. The coroner pushed it shut. He smiled slightly, like he was almost relieved to share the knowledge of this terrible image with someone else.

"You see that thin, clear layer on the skin?" He pointed to this gelatin-like substance coating the whole of the dog, "It comes from the attacker's stomach. Judging by this, it implies that whatever this thing is ate the poor pup, sicked it up, then it ate it again, over and over and over."

I wanted to be sick myself. I left that place shaken but, strangely, with a stronger drive than ever to find out what was happening to these poor animals."

[...]

"This was it. This was what the trail had led me to. The abandoned slaughterhouse stood firm, beckoning me to come inside. I took a few deep breaths and pushed on front door open, praying it would be locked. Praying that I would have a reason to turn around, go home, and forget all about this. It wasn't. Stepping into the building, I was hit by a wall of smell. The dank, thick aroma of death.

I explored the few rooms I came across, most caked with dust and dried blood. The signs of disrepair and abandonment were everywhere. My investigation was almost fruitless, until I happened upon a hidden door the backmost room. With all my strength, I dragged it open. A loud metal, clunk pierced the air, followed by an animalistic howl.

Out of the shadows, hobbled a thing, 7 feet tall; not quite dog, not quite man. Its canine head drooled and snarled while its gangly human hands smacked against the floor towards me. In its lair, I just about made out the mangled corpses of a few dozen dogs. Screaming, I slammed the door just before the thing could grab me. It smashed itself into the door, desperate for my blood. I vomited onto the dirty concrete floor while backing away, the beast's acrid scent stinging my face.

It slammed into the door a few more times until eventually stopping. Then, I noticed something. Its jaws, slipping under the gap under the door. That space couldn't have been taller than 2 centimetres, but soon it had managed to push its mangled, mutant head through. That's when I ran. My legs were on fire but I didn't stop sprinting until I was two blocks away from that... thing. I threw up a second time.

It's been two weeks since that day, and I still don't know who to tell about this. What I do know is, I can't bear to see any more innocent pups get hurt by that thing. So, since then, I've bringing it food to eat. Not any poor doggies, mind you. Each night I prowl my neighbour looking for the nastiest, prissiest house cat I can find and drag them back to that slaughterhouse. No one's gonna miss them, right? I certainly wouldn't. What can I say, I've always been more of a dog person."

**Note:** Story seemingly references containment incidents concerning SCP-8546 which occurred years after initial posting.

**Associated Number:** [SCP-173](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-173)

**Title:** 'Tulpa'

**Overview:** A prison guard is haunted by a statue she vandalised in her youth.

**Excerpt:** "I don't know how, but it found me. Standing there, in that prison cell, stood the headless statue that had been hunting me my entire life.

Earlier that day, I knew something was wrong. On my way to work, this grim feeling washed over me; like I was driving directly into a tornado I couldn't even see. This was nothing new, I got that feeling every once in a while, so I didn't think much of it.

I clocked in and did my first rounds of the day, supervising the morning regiment and breakfast, before taking my usual place in my usual wing. As I buzzed myself into my guardhouse, for a split second, I noticed my face and name, [[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9224 w]ithheld], completely missing from my ID card.

The day was largely uneventful, a few fights, a few beatdowns, but nothing really stood out. Just before evening, on my third smoke break, my supervisor told me I had to do a double. This meant I'd have to stay until 1AM, something I had never done before -- I *always* did day shifts. I begrudgingly accepted because, hey, at least I got paid overtime.

Back in the guardhouse, I made occasional small talk with my fellow guard whilst trying to read some book I got last Christmas (I was never one for reading). Time slowed to a halt, and I was bored out of my mind most of the time. Nothing much of note happened around this time.

Suddenly, the other guard's radio crackled. "*Bzzt.* Assistance needed in Block B. *Bzzt.*"

"I'll go." He half-said, half-sighed. I watched through the door window as he walked down the hall and turned the corner to where Block B was.

Trying to continue with my reading, I felt my eyes getting heavy, and I was soon fast asleep. I don't know how long I was asleep for, because when I woke up the power was out. The whole place was pitch black and dead silent. "The fuck?" I said to no-one.

Leaving my post, I went in search of my colleague who had been gone for, presumably, a while. Down the hall and round the corner, I made out a door with the letter 'B' on it. Opening the door, I went into a guardhouse identical to my own -- and equally as empty. "Jerry? Anyone?" I called. Nothing. I went through into the cell block-proper and called out again. The whole place was eerily silent, not one noise. It was like the convicts themselves weren't even there.

Suddenly, some kind of scraping noise echoed out from the back of the room. "Hello? Is anyone there?" I cautiously creeped towards the cell, noticing its door was slightly ajar, the inside emitting a faint glow. Stepping into the cell, I spotted a vague silhouette in the shadows. All of a sudden, the door slammed behind me, locking itself shut. The lights flickered on. I screamed.

Right there in front of me stood the terrible figure I had forgotten about until this very moment. Its concrete carapace, chipped and scarred, was stained with multicoloured paint, courtesy of me.

"W-What do you want from me?" No response. I pressed my back against the door, unable to escape its penetrating, invisible gaze. A sharp pain echoed around my mind as a rush of memories flickered past my eyes. The old high school. The art room. The spray can, the hammer, the rage. The jealousy. It all came flooding back.

"I'm sorry!" I desperately spat out. "I didn't mean... I never thought..." The statue didn't move. I screamed and banged on the big, metal door. "Someone help me, please!" The whole block was silent. I curled into a ball and covered my face wit my hands, not wanting anything to do with that ghostly sculpture.

Hours passed. Maybe a day. I had screamed and cried so much I could barely whisper. "Help me." I barely choked out. Of course, no-one came.

A long, long time passed. Splayed out on the floor, I waited for death to take me. Suddenly -- a clunk. My vision slowly darkened as I watched the door swing open. Sometime later, I blinked away the darkness and saw a group of people looking over me. Doctor-types. I was lying on some kind of table, while the people above me ran all kinds of tests and muttered to each other. Over the course of what felt like days, the doctor-types filtered out and were replaced by more put-together, fancy individuals. I tried to speak out to them, scream even, but nothing came out.

Eventually, a group of people put me in a box and shipped me off some place far away. The next thing I remember was looking out over some room. It was lined with statues and paintings and other things of that sort -- a [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9614 gallery]. Hordes of people shuffled in and out of my room, all staring, pointing, some laughing. "Stop! Don't look at me!" I wanted to scream. Young children cried at me, older ones laughed, and those with taste balked at my gauche visage. "Stop, please!" Nothing came out.

Years went by, penetrated by a thousand stares a day. It was unbearable. It was after a decade that I realised that this was my punishment. I was facing justice for an unforgivable act, that even this would not truly avenge. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry." I screamed internally over and over and over again. I suddenly knew that I would be here for the rest of time. Forever. It was like the real torture hadn't even started yet."

**Note:** The post includes a reference to the full name of a senior staff member at the SCP.

This was the first story posted onto SCP-9407, created by a user with the handle 'Mike', the administrator and presumed creator of the website.

'Mike' has proven to be uncooperative and obscure -- although in one communication he hinted that he was the party who sent the anonymous tip about SCP-9407 in the first place. He is yet to be identified.

Some authors on SCP-9407 have been traced and located. When interrogated, all claim no knowledge of the Program or its activities, even under enhanced techniques. Authors claim to have dreamt the premises of their stories the night beforehand, and the details "just came to [them]" whilst writing. Staff who have submitted writing to SCP-9407 have not reported similar compulsions.

It is unknown whether or not these stories predict or cause events referenced within them. For this reason, containment personnel are encouraged to reference corresponding stories, if available, when assigned to an SCP item and implement procedures accordingly. Staff should be reminded that using events depicted in SCP-9407 to speculate about colleagues is inappropriate and unhelpful.

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-9406](SCP-9406) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9408](SCP-9408) >>

> **Filename:** Dey_Mansion_2.JPG

> **Author:** Unknown

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Dey_Mansion_2.JPG

> **Note:** This image has been edited.

> **Filename:** Astolfo.jpg

> **Author:** Luiz Carlos Cappellano

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Astolfo.jpg

> **Note:** This image has been edited.

> **Filename:** Creepy_dog.jpg

> **Author:** www.Pixel.la Free Stock Photos

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/137643065@N06/24218838222/

> **Filename:** Prison_cell_door,_Andreasstrasse_Prison.jpg

> **Author:** Felixkrater

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Prison_cell_door,_Andreasstrasse_Prison.jpg

fart
