@@ @@

@@ @@

=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9424

**Object Class:** Uncontained (Self-Containing)

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9424 is under jurisdiction of American Northeast fae enclaves and requires no further containment.

**Description:** SCP-9424 is a fae professional sport that combines Drum and Bugle CorpsComparable to competitive marching band sans woodwinds and any non-front facing bells. and baseball.A ball game played with a stick (bat). The player is expected to hit the ball. Glamour is SCP-9424's primary ability. It camouflages itself as any type of non-anomalous sport when played in a non-Veil venue. Due to this ability SCP-9424 has been played in multiple major stadiums across the US and Japan2003 saw a rapid increase of interest from Japanese fae.. *Homo sapiens* are unable to view a game of SCP-9424 unless invited to a game by a member of *Homo sídhe* (fae).

Humans observing a game of SCP-9424 are subject to the secondary effects of SCP-9424. An observer's brainwaves shift similar to an REM cycle although awake. While in this state an observer reports that the experience was like "bliss on a brightly lit day". In subjects with higher cognitive resistance and memetic training they experience intense anxiety.

Researcher Axol invited Researcher Mordecai Ryder to a game of SCP-9424 at Fenway Park, Site-3125 took this as an opportunity to gain further insight into SCP-9424. Both researchers were outfitted with a body cam and microphone. Researcher Ryder was given instructions to use his Oneiromancy as needed.

**Addendum 9424.1**

****Observation Log 9424.1****

**Note:** Researchers Axol and Ryder are seated high on the grandstands. A column of rebar covers a portion of Mordecai's body cam. It is assumed to be the same for Mordecai's field of vision.

---

*<Begin Log>*

---

[The Rip Van Winkles tubaist, playing in a role similar to pitcher, is swapped for another player.]

**Axol:** *(shouts)* What the hell? He was doing great!

**Mordecai:** I think maybe almost decapitating the xylophonist might be why.

**Axol:** Oh true!

[The new tubaist places the baseball inside her front-facing bell. The xylophonist, playing in a role similar to batter, prepares his oversized drum sticks for the tubaist. A group of fae near Mordecai taunt the tubaist.]

**Fae 1:** Blast a brown note outta yer arse!

**Fae 2:** *(chants)* Rip Vans suck!

[A few more fae follow in the chant. Axol shakes their head.]

**Axol:** I'm not with my own people.

[A loud low *E flat* resonates in the stadium as the ball is blasted out of the tuba. The xylophonist misses and the ball tears a hole through the catcher's bass drum. This is the xylophonist's fourth ballDetermined by the musical director, this role is similar to umpire. and he is allowed to walk to first base. Trumpeters in left out field play *Ring of Fire*. The same fae as before boo and more join-in with the chanting.]

**Axol:** *(yells)* Boo all you want! Game's still 4 to 0!

[Mordecai gets out his phone and checks his email. Axol notices this.]

**Axol:** Put it away.

**Mordecai:** I can't. I—

**Axol:** I understand that you have other work, but Site-3125 is essentially giving you a paid vacation. Aren't you supposed to be taking notes?

**Mordecai:** I've been writing down a few things. *(shows his phone)* I just can't—look I'm overwhelmed and feel like an imposter.

[An ascending chromatic scale on xylophone brings Axol and Mordecai's attention back to the game. The xylophonist is jazz runningA method of marching that is the equivalent of running. toward second base. His xylophone knocks the opposing team's mellphonistA mellophone is a front facing French Horn. off the base.]

**Fae 1:** YES!

**Axol:** *(laughs)* The only achievement so far for the Boston Unicorns is gettin' one base!

[Mordecai looks around at the crowd and takes notes on his phone. He brings his attention back to the game and sighs. This goes unnoticed by Axol. The teams rotate and the Rip Van Winkles's tubaist returns to the dugout playing the bass line from *Chameleon*.]

*<Twenty minutes removed for brevity.>*

[The Rip Van Winkles color guard races onto the field and takes over the pitchers mound. A Rip Van Winkles flag is planted on the base. The fae near Axol and Mordecai boo and throw strong language toward the opposing team. Mordecai takes notes but then switches to his email and e-textbooks.]

**Axol:** Gurl!

**Mordecai:** What?

**Axol:** You cannot be serious right now?

**Mordecai:** I'm already behind in a few of my Foundation courses. I need to study any chance I have.

**Axol:** During this though?

[Mordecai is silent and pretends to watch the game.]

**Mordecai:** Maybe it's the crowd but I'm very anxious.

**Axol:** You want to leave?

**Mordecai:** No! More like—I'm missing a connection to something? I can't get over the feeling of imposter syndrome. I'm not a real scientist and I don't know why I was hired.

**Axol:** I read the file about the dinosaur-

**Mordecai:** Rhinosaurus.

**Axol:** Right. And you did an excellent job in recontaining it!

**Mordecai:** That was mostly luck. I don't have a deep understanding of math and the idea of using a formula of Jupiter's gravitational field felt like a surreal way to recontain the rhino.

**Axol:** It worked.

**Mordecai:** Yea. And it worked.

**Axol:** You overwork and doubt your abilities. Live in the moment. Live in this moment.

[The crowd of fae break into a loud cheer. Axol and Mordecai watch as a Boston Unicorns snare player jazz runs around the bases. Mordecai gasps and whispers a spell.]

**Axol:** ONE! ONE POINT! That's all you fairy ass unicorns are gonna get tonight!

**Mordecai:** *(claps)* Go Unicorns! Woo!

**Axol:** I am not with my people.

---

*<End Log>*

---

****Debrief Log 9424.1****

**Interviewer:** Researcher Rebecca Zimmerman

**Interviewee:** Researcher Mordecai Ryder

---

**Rebecca:** What was the spell you recited?

**Mordecai:** I opened my psychospace, or my- it's not a third-eye but awfully close, anyway- the stadium was brightly lit and I could clearly see all variants of the fae. Thin silver threads connected between every living thing in the stadium. It was all connected. The stadium was one. I saw a silver thread emerge from my chest and I felt a connection. I returned to baseline perception and enjoyed the moment.

---

Upon return to Site-3125, there was a marked improvement in Researcher Ryder's mental health. He was able to engage with his Foundation courses and his insomnia lessened. In the event that an unknown ability of SCP-9424 manifests Researcher Ryder will be monitored for three months.
