**Special Containment Procedures:**  SCP-9712 is to be contained in a high security Anomalous Storage Locker in Site-110 or any other suitable site in the USA. Its blade should not be allowed to touch any solid object outside of testing. The length of its manifestations must be logged and compared with the times of daily prayers (as provided by the nearest mosque). Any discrepancies should be reported to Researcher Williams. Researcher Williams or other personnel with 4/9712 clearance should be contacted to acquire permission for tests involving SCP-9712.

Information regarding SCP-9712's location and exact security measures are only available to 4/9712 personnel. Personnel who inquire into the above should be understood as disloyal to the Foundation and dealt with accordingly. Public information campaigns should be carried out on a global scale to delegitimise other groups' claims to ownership of SCP-9712, using Protocols 110 ("Poor Home Security") and [186 ("If You Say Yes to One")](scp-9186 ). 

In the case of further attempts to remove SCP-9712 from Foundation custody, use of the on-site nuclear warhead is encouraged.

**Description:** SCP-9712 is a curved two-pronged sword. Its primary anomalous property is to split any solid it touches in half, at an atomic level, causing nuclear fission. Furthermore, SCP-9712 manifests in baseline reality only during select times of day, which coincide with the five prayer times observed by MuslimsSpecifically those timings followed by Twelver Shia Muslims.. 

When SCP-9712's blade makes contact with a solid object, all atoms within 5 nanometers of its edge undergo nuclear fission. The chain reaction and other effects typical of fission are restricted to 10 nanometers around the edge. This allows SCP-9712 to cut through any solid material, and releases a small amount of heat, light, and radiation. SCP-9712 is anomalously resistant to neutron activation. The materials of the object are otherwise non-anomalous.

Attempts to determine the location of SCP-9712 when it demanifests have been inconclusive, as all forms of trackers used so far invariably disconnect or otherwise cease function until the object's next manifestation. It remanifests in the same location it was when it last demanifested.

**History:** Records from the Office for the Restoration of Islamic Artifacts (ORIA) claim that SCP-9712 is Zulfiqar, the famed weapon of Ali ibn Abu Talib A companion of Prophet Muhammad.. After his passing, it was allegedly passed on through his family members in secret. Depending on the social acceptability of Shiism in a given era, SCP-9712 was either publically available as a site of pilgrimage (*ziyarat*) or kept hidden to avoid being seized by unfriendly parties. Though SCP-9712's properties inherently make it difficult to confiscate and/or use, there were numerous attempts by rulers and armies alike to acquire the object.

After the Iranian Revolution of 1979, the newly formed ORIA took SCP-9712 into its own custody as one of its first anomalous items, and displayed it for the public. Foundation plants noted its destructive capabilities linked to nuclear fission and deemed the object was too dangerous to be in the ORIA's custody. 

<< [SCP-9711](SCP-9711) | SCP-9712 | [SCP-9713](SCP-9713) >>
