.danger-diamond a {

display: none !important;

}

.anom-bar > div.bottom-box::before {

background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);

}

.danger-diamond > .arrows {

filter: invert(100%);

}

SCP-9540, by .

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:**

No further efforts to penetrate or traverse SCP-9540 are to be undertaken.

Foundation agents embedded across various national space agencies are to cover up any further instances of interstellar objects impacting with the surface of SCP-9540. 

Given the possible future threat to the Veil posed by SCP-9540, the Foundation is to make all possible efforts to halt the development of space-faring technology. Should these efforts fail, MTF Sierra-4 " The Bridge Trolls" are to be deployed, and are to detain and amneticise any civilians found within 1000au of SCP-9540.

**Description:**  

SCP-9540 refers to a thaumaturgically reinforced spherical shell enveloping the solar system at a distance of 100,000 astronomical units (au An astronomical unit is defined as the average distance from to the Sun from Earth, or 149,668,992km ) from Earth.

SCP-9540 measures 100 meters thick, and is constructed of an unknown metallic material superficially resembling steel. Although having a tangible form, SCP-9540 allows electromagnetic radiation to travel directly through its surface, effectively making it invisible, and allowing for viewers to see beyond the space that SCP-9540 occupies. Whilst this property is active at all times, when observed from 1000 kilometres or closer, the surface of SCP-9540 becomes visible to the viewer.

The observation of meteoroids entering the solar system via SCP-9540 supports the theory that SCP-9540 may serve as a one-way wall. This is further supported by the fact that the opposite has yet to be observed.

**Discovery:** 

The presence of SCP-9540 was first detected by National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) researchers working at the Haleakalā Observatory on the 20/05/2018. Astronomers had been tracking T3-Pallin, an interstellar object measuring roughly 30 kilometers wide that was on an exit course from the Solar System. When it reached a distance of 100,000au, it suddenly disappeared from monitoring systems without explanation.

The documentation of this incident was flagged by Foundation agents embedded within NASA as a potential anomaly. All documentation was successfully retrieved without incident, and all civilians involved in the discovery of SCP-9540 were amnesticised.

Based on its hyperbolic excess velocity, Foundation researchers subsequently confirmed that T3-Pallin was a true interstellar object and that it had already crossed this threshold as it passed into the solar system.

Whilst the O5 Council approved an expedition to the last known location of T-3 Pallin, it was not until 2031 that Foundation space travel technology, specifically FTL Faster than Light.  technology, was sufficiently advanced to permit travel to this location.

 **Addendum 9540.01.01 - Initial Survey of SCP-9540** 

---

**Report type:** Compilation of discoveries during initial FERV Foundation Extraterrestrial Research Vessel.  expeditions to SCP-9540

**Author:** Dr. Michael Lennox

**Date:** 10/03/2031

---

* SCP-9540 was first reached by the FERV *Beckett*, which described the physical properties of SCP-9540, and noted its anomalous interaction with electromagnetic radiation.

* The FERV *Canberra* (the second vessel to arrive)  utilising onboard radar tools, mapped this section of SCP-9540 as it travelled along its surface, failing to find an end to the structure.

* The data gathered by the *Canberra* indicated a slight curvature to SCP-9540's structure indicated it may be spherical in nature.

* Based upon this suspicion, another FERV was sent 100,000au at a skewed angle, which also encountered the surface of SCP-9540, noting the same curvature.

* Whilst mapping of the entirety of SCP-9540's surface is effectively impossible, the section mapped by these two ships strongly support the conclusion that SCP-9540 is indeed spherical in nature, and likely surrounds the known solar system.

* Following the discoveries of the *Canberra*, the *Rainmaker* was ordered to attempt to create a breach in SCP-9540. All onboard kinetic and direct-energy weapons failed to affect SCP-9540.

* The *Canberra* reported anomalous readings in their radar mapping, indicative of an artificial structure close to the surface of SCP-9540. Further information on this structure is available under Addendum Two.

* The *Canberra* also reported encountering 8 total runes carved into the wall of SCP-9540. Further information and analysis of these runes are available under Addendum Three.

---

 **Addendum 9540.01.02 - Structure Expedition** 

---

**Date:** 09/06/2031

---

An expedition of the structure found it to be devoid of occupants and in a state of disrepair  Analysis of the radiation degradation on the exterior of the base indicated the base itself to be between 200 and 300 years, although the interior appears to have only been exposed to solar and cosmic radiation for approximately 70 years. . 

The structure featured a multitude of highly sophisticated communications and electronic equipment that appeared to have been intentionally sabotaged.

Exploration of the base's exterior revealed the presence of a large, high-powered telescope directed at Earth. Similar to the other equipment found in the base, the telescope had been sabotaged, and was non-functional.

Whilst non-functional, data retrieval from the telescope yielded one locally stored image of the Vostok I The first manned spacecraft, launched on 12 April 1961. , depicted exiting Earth's atmosphere.

 **Addendum 9540.01.03 - Rune Analysis** 

---

**Date:** 11/07/2031

---

.invert-colors img {

  filter: invert(1);

}

@@ @@

Despite the combined efforts of the Department of Thaumaturgy and Department of Linguistics, the runes could not be directly translated. Cross analysis of these runes with similar runes previously encountered in Wanderer's Library entries has yielded insight into their meaning.

The first variant appears to indicate the idea of containment, or imprisonment of a group or body. It should be noted that the interlocking of the surrounding hexagon and octagram suggest a concerted, outside effort or force responsible for this.

The second variant has been theorised to indicate an organised effort at suppression, very likely of a current or future threat. The outward forks of this central symbol indicate an ability to spread, or propagate. 

The Department of Thaumaturgy, via the use of Thaumaturgic Resonance Dating, was able to estimate the age of these runes to be roughly 70 years.

---

 **Addendum 9540.02 - O5 Council Meeting Transcript** 

---

**Date:** 13/07/2031

---

[Begin Transcript]

**O5-2:** A structure similar to SCP-9540. The *Canberra* reported it was some sort of monitoring or communications station that had been recently abandoned.

**O5-6:** How recently are we talking here?

**O5-2:** About 70 years, similar time to the creation of the runes.

**O5-7:** They had a colony, in our solar system, probably to-ing and fro-ing from wherever the hell they call home, and we saw nothing.

**O5-13:** That's probably exactly what they wanted.

**O5-7:** What exactly are you implying here Thirteen?

**O5-13:** Just shootin' ideas.

**O5-6:** No go on, because I want to know why you'd think they'd want to cage us when we're only just figuring out spaceflight.

**O5-13:** Anything's possible at this point Six, let's remember that.

**O5-4:** Exactly, it could just as easily be protecting us.

**O5-12:** Can we let Two finish? We're well off topic now.

**O5-2:** Thank you, Twelve. Now, the *Rainmaker* began non-anomalous weapons testing on SCP-9540, to no effect.

**O5-7:** And you didn't ask anyone about this first?

**O5-2:** I didn't think it was worth calling a meeting for, no.

**O5-6:** Why are you telling us all this, Two?

**O5-13:** I'll tell you exactly what he's getting at: someone made this. Someone doesn't want us out there.

**O5-2:** There are other possibilities we need to consider here, and you can’t possibly prove that. The signs point to intelligent design, sure, but—

**O5-8:** Maybe there's something out there that some benevolent force decided to protect us from. Who knows?

**O5-2:** Thank you. This is precisely the issue that I brought you all here to discuss, how we choose to proceed next. The *Rainmaker* has requested permission to initiate testing with anomalous weaponry, but that requires our approval.

*O5-1 leans back into his chair. It squeaks slightly as he does. O5-1 closes his eyes. He places his two fingers onto the bridge of his nose.*

**O5-7:** Using anomalous weapons doesn't necessitate a vote, Two. I think you suspect that Thirteen's right, and you just want to divvy out the blame in case something goes wrong out there.

**O5-2:** Anything's possible with our line of work. I just thought it best this was something we *discussed*.

**O5-9:** Absolutely not, we have no idea what's waiting for us out there. Three ships and a couple months of testing has netted us this much information on it. We need to slow down, and try to get a handle on this before we do anything hasty. There could be more runes, something else that indicates why this exists, who made it. I cannot in good faith vote in favour of trying to get through a wall we don't yet know the purpose of. 

**O5-2:** Those were the only two types of runes we found. We've found them over and over again at the exact same intervals, unless we've somehow missed something, I *highly* doubt there's much left to see.

*O5-13 picks up one of the two printed images of the variant one rune. She studies it for a split second before turning it around toward the other councillors.*

**O5-13:** We don't need to be able to directly translate the runes to get the gist. They reckon it means containment, and I don't think that's far off the money. Take a look at our insignia for God's sake, *we* use the exact same type of symbolism to denote containment. 

**O5-10:** It's just a theory. We don't know anything about their language. Some superficial similarities to other runes and our insignia shouldn't make you think it's ok to try to rip open a hole in SCP-9540.

*O5-13 tosses the paper back onto the table.*

**O5-13:** I *know* we need to do it because it's our fucking job, Ten! 

*O5-13 pauses to recompose herself, before continuing.*

**O5-13:** Humanity never would've moved forward if they all stayed huddled in their caves forever, whispering about the monsters that lurk beyond. *Every* SCP we contain is a risk, *every* SCP we interact with is a risk. If things go sideways, we can always pull out.

*O5-7 glances up at O5-1, expectantly, before looking back at O5-13.*

**O5-4:** And if *it* follows us back? Threatens the cave?

**O5-13:** Then we do what we've always done. Fight from the shadows.

**O5-1:** Enough.

*The entire Council falls silent, their squabbling quickly dissipating. They all look towards O5-1, who is seated at the head of the table.*

**O5-1:** There will be no expedition through SCP-9540, there will be no efforts made to breach SCP-9540, and there will be no further discussion on this matter. Have I made myself clear on this subject?

**O5-13:** No, you can't just —

**O5-1:** We don't know enough to take such a risky approach as the one you're suggesting. I've allowed this to continue this far because the runes have gleaned some useful information, and because simple scouting is low-risk, but this is where it ends, at least until we have a more solid idea of why it's there.

[End Transcript]

---

 **Addendum 9540.03 - Transmission Log** 

---

**Date:** 20/07/2031

**Transmission author:** FERV *Rainmaker*

**Transmission recipient:** O5-13.

---

[Begin Transmission]

**Dr. Lennox:** This is Dr Lennox, lead researcher for SCP-9540, transmitting from the FERV *Rainmaker*. Can you hear me alright?

**O5-13:** Yes.

**Dr. Lennox:** Alright. After trying just about everything in the book, Weapons Officer Doyle, earlier today, via the use of an experimental Time Altering Weapon  Timeline Altering Weapon, or TAW, refers to a weapon capable of temporarily modifying the localised time in the area by causing localised entropy alterations.  projectile, managed to create a small hole in the surface of SCP-9540.

**O5-13:** So, we're through then?

**Dr. Lennox:** Not quite. The hole it generated wasn't big enough to fit a ship through, not to mention it's the TAW's effects are fading quickly.

**O5-13:** So make a bigger hole then.

**Dr. Lennox:** That's what we were planning on, ma'am. We don't want to destabilise the area more than we absolutely have to, especially if we aren't ready to exploit the opportunity.

**O5-13:** What's wrong with the onboard drones?

**Dr. Lennox:** Nothing at all, ma'am. We're just concerned that SCP-9540's interaction with electromagnetic radiation may interfere with our ability to actually pilot the drones through.

**O5-13:** So you're requesting approval for a *manned* expedition?

**Dr. Lennox:** That's correct, ma'am, ideally, D-Class. We have no idea what's waiting out there. Nothing beats the old manned expedition, no system crashes, no connection issues and they can—

**O5-13:** Await further communication.

**Dr. Lennox:** Uh, sorry, who will I hear from once voting has concluded? O5-1?

**O5-13:** I have... assumed oversight of this project, I will be your primary contact.

[End Transmission]

---

 **Addendum 9540.04 - Exploration Log** 

---

**Date:** 23/07/2031

**MET Mission elapsed time. at log start:** +00:00:00:00

**Notes:** Following the transmission from the FERV *Rainmaker*, O5-13 approved a manned expedition beyond SCP-9540. The following is the onboard communication records of the FERV *Geminid-3*. Descriptions of the recordings provided by the team following their return have been added for accessibility.

---

[Begin Log]

**Dr. Lennox:** D-8823, 9901, please confirm you are able to hear me.

**D-8823:** Yeah, crystal clear.

**D-9901:** Picking you up from the monitoring station, loud and clear.

**Dr. Lennox:** Hold on to something. Your ship will decouple in three, two-

*A faint metallic clank is heard as the Geminid-3 detaches from the Canberra.*

**Dr. Lennox:** One... Excellent. Now, please power up and proceed towards the *Rainmaker*, they should be visible on the HUD. Notify me once you have reached them, do not proceed past them.

*The Geminid's engines can be heard spooling up as the ship begins to move off towards the Rainmaker.*

**D-9901:** Just what did we do to luck out with this assignment? Flying a kickass ship and gettin' to look at the stars, what could be better?

**D-8823:** My old ship.

**D-9901:** You're kidding, right?

**D-8823:** Not at all. Those prototypes were durable. Not to mention, handled like a dream. These ones handle with the sort of care that makes me think the Foundation is planning to have untrained convicts drive them.

**D-9901:** Seriously?

**Dr. Lennox:** I assure you, that ship has been over-engineered to all hell, not to mention we have a vested interest in... well... not losing it.

**D-8823:** And you'd tell us if this was just some rust bucket piece of shit wouldn't you?

*Dr. Lennox does not respond. The Geminid travels for 27 minutes without further discussion.*

**D-9901:** We're coming up alongside the *Rainmaker* now, doctor.

**Dr. Lennox:** Excellent. I'll give the signal to the *Rainmaker* to fire the TAW. Please, make sure you are *behind* the *Rainmaker*, we don't want you getting caught in the radius when it fires. I'm switching communication channels now, but I shouldn't be long.

**D-8823:** You ever heard the stories of the TAW trials at 188?

**D-9901:** This isn't like that other story you told me on the trip out here is it?

*D-8823 begins to chuckle softly.*

**D-8823:** No, no this is a good one, you'll want to hear this. So, the Foundation's just started tinkering with TAW's, and they're using a D-Class to set up some organic targets.

**D-9901:** I *already* don't like where this is going.

**D-8823:** No no, they were like... old dogs or something. So the TAW's are set to about three years right, and they want to test if they can reverse the age of things with the TAW's.

**D-9901:** If this a story you're already chuckling about I'm guessing this goes disastrously.

**D-8823:** Let me finish, let me finish. Okay, so they fire off the thing. The dogs? Completely fine, in fact they got a pretty sweet deal, they got de-aged.

**D-9901:** Right...

*D-8823 continues to speak through his chuckling, which is now increasingly noticeable.*

**D-8823:** But the D-Class! The D-Class stood *infront* of the safety line and he ended up three years younger... and with a live chicken in his stomach! He's rolling around on the floor, probably dying, because there's a live chicken inside him. The guard walks over to check on him... and the guy just points to his stomach!

*D-8823 now bursts out into laughter.*

**D-9901:** That... doesn't make any sense — Since when were the canteens dishing out whole chickens?

**D-8823:** Hey, don't ask me, I just heard this from a guard, okay?

**D-9901:** I'm not stupid, okay, you're just trying to rile me up.

**Dr. Lennox:** Apologies for the delay, *Geminid-3.*

*D-8823 quickly stifles his laughter.*

**Dr. Lennox:**  I just wanted to confirm that you are still in position before I give the signal to the *Rainmaker*.

**D-8823:** We are still in position, doc.

*Lennox pauses for a moment.*

**Dr. Lennox:** Tearne, I've patched you through now.

**Captain Tearne:** Alright. Weapon is prepped and ready to go on your command.

**Dr. Lennox:** You may fire.

**Captain Tearne:** Firing in three.

*A growing electronic whirring comes from Tearne's microphone.*

**Captain Tearne:** Two.

*The whirring grows into a steady, high pitch whine as the weapon charges up.*

**Captain Tearne:** One... Splash.

| **Recording 1:** SCP-9540 occupies the entire frame, its metallic surface in flawless condition, and entirely undamaged. A large circular area of SCP-9540 shows signs of the TAW's impact, a small yet noticeable circular point grows increasingly transparent as the localised time reverses, this effect spreading out and intensifying until a large, circular hole exists in SCP-9540, allowing the stars beyond to be seen. |
| --- |
**Captain Tearne:** Effective on target. Localised time at point of impact: First of January, 1952. Godspeed *Geminid.*

*Dr. Lennox lets out a forceful exhale.*

**Dr. Lennox:** Proceed, Geminid.

*The Geminid's engines power up once more as it begins to move towards the newly created breach.*

**D-9901:** Hey doc, should I get a photo of the affected segment?

**Dr. Lennox:** No. It is a *high powered camera*, it is an energy intensive device, don't screw around with it, or use it anymore than you need to- just record any *important* discoveries. Likewise - the onboard probe is delicate, and expensive.

**D-8823:** Pleasing the Foundation has always come first for you, hasn't it?.

**D-9901:** This is kinda exciting, I can't lie.

**D-8823:** First assignment?

**D-9901:** Yeah what's that got to do—

**D-8823:** These things always have a catch. Always. Why do you think they aren't sending any researchers or, hell, even a security detail with us?

**D-9901:** Look man, I'm just enjoying the leg stretch, alright? If you want to overthink it, go right ahead. Why is it you're so sceptical of this, anyways?

**D-8823:** Crime isn't the only way into the Class-D programme.

**Dr. Lennox:** Enough chit-chat, focus on the task at hand.

**D-8823:** Coming from you, Len. Weren't Alpha-1 looking into using the audio of your famous lectures for "enhanced interrogation techniques"?

**D-9901:** How is it you two know each other?

**D-8823:** We used to work together, when these puppies were just prototypes.

*8823's fist bangs against the side of the Geminid.*

**Dr. Lennox:** You aren't a test pilot anymore, *8823*, do your job.

**D-9901:** The photos from the brief don't really do it justice. It's... fucking huge. Just one of those things that you gotta see it to get a feel for the size I guess.

**D-8823:** Lennox, we're passing throu-

*A single electronic beep chimes, indicating the message was not received.*

**D-8823:** Lennox? Lennox! Shit, connection's out. 

**D-9901:** Reverse us back, maybe the wall's interfering with the signal.

**D-8823:** If light's getting through it, the wall *shouldn't* be interfering with the comms.

*The Geminid's retro thrusters engage, before beginning to activate once again as the ship reverses back through the breach.*

**D-8823:** Lennox! Can you hear us?

**Dr. Lennox:** Yes, *Geminid-3* I can hear you.

**D-8823:** We dropped out entirely when we went through, you couldn't hear us at all?

**Dr. Lennox:** We weren't picking up anything but background. 

**D-8823:** Is it a range issue?

**Dr. Lennox:** Not possible at this range with that model of ship... Interesting...

**D-8823:** Learning the limitations of ships has been a hard-taught lesson for you hasn't it?

*Dr. Lennox ignores D-8823.*

**Dr. Lennox:** It's survivorship bias, put simply. We only know about what passes through... because it passes through, it's entirely possible the wall filters out certain frequencies or wavelengths, like, for instance, your communications signal.

**D-8823:** If that's true, then we'll be entirely on our own out there.

**Dr. Lennox:** If my hypothesis is correct, yes. Proceed with the original plan regardless, photograph any notable discoveries, return through the breach. If you run into any issues, return immediately.

*The Geminid's engines whir as it begins to travel back through the newly-created entry.*

**D-8823:** See what I was talking about?

*D-9901 does not respond. The Geminid's retro-thrusters periodically fire off in short bursts as it slows to navigate through the hole. The Geminid's engines grow louder as the ship accelerates, now having exited the breach.*

**D-9901:** Hey, looks like he was wrong.

**D-8823:** What?

**D-9901:** I'm picking up something this time round, it's faint though, so I'd wager it's just the wall's structure messing with the signal.

**D-8823:** Right... Lennox? Are you hearing us?

*D-8823 waits for several seconds. There is no reply.*

**D-8823:** Yeah nice theory dumbass... hang on — can you reposition the sensor away from SCP-9540?

**D-9901:** Sure?

*There is a brief moment of silence as D-9901 moves the ships sensor to face forwards, away from SCP-9540.*

**D-8823:** Any difference now?

**D-9901:** It's a little stronger, sure.

**D-8823:** You're sure these are artificial, right?

**D-9901:** Computer's labelling them as, so yes.

**D-8823:** Now I'm curious.

**D-9901:** We don't need to be looking for more work, do we? We can just fly donuts for a couple months, relax and enjoy the views, then go back and say we found noting.

**D-8823:** But that would be in violation of the D-Class programme regulations, wouldn't it? You wouldn't want to be re-assigned, would you?

**D-9901:** Fuckin' snitch.

**D-8823:** We'll just go have a quick look at that signal, alright? Look man, it's a win-win, you get to do nothing for just a little longer, and I get a little taste of my old job, and if I find something, maybe get it—

**D-9901:** Fine.

*The Geminid's engines begin to accelerate as it enters FTL speed.*

[End Log]

---

**Addendum 9540.05 - Exploration Log**

After 46 days of continuous travel towards the signal with no notable discoveries, the crew detected a star, close to the transmission's origin point. The star had been noted as having inconsistent fluctuations in its light curve, in addition to giving off excess infrared radiation, both signs indicative of intentional manipulation of the star.

 **Addendum 9540.05 - Exploration Log** 

---

**Date:** 12/09/2031

**MET at log start:** +46:19:23:19

---

[Begin Log]

**D-9901:** You happy we're close enough to that uh... What was it? The uh... swarm for a photo?

**D-8823:** Dyson. Dyson swarm A megastructure composed of numerous independent solar collectors or satellites orbiting a star . And no, not yet.

**D-9901:** Hey, uh... are they supposed to look... like this?

**D-8823:** No, they aren't, the Foundation'll definitely want to see this.

**D-9901:** What's the deal with that black crap stretched across the panels? Is that supposed to be on a Dyson swarm?

**D-8823:** Not that I'm aware, though it's entirely possible it is a sort of engineered UV coating.

| **Recording 2:** A short three-second recording shows a massive array of degraded solar panels surrounding a star. Many of the solar panels appear to be in the process of disintegration. The camera zooms in on the array, revealing the same black substance coating the visible panels of the swarm in thin black webs. Black strands stretch over the open space connecting the panels. |
| --- |
**D-9901:** Wouldn't that be blocking out the light they need?

**D-8823:** It was just a working theory. I don't have all the answers.

**D-9901:** It can't be a good sign. If *this* is as important as you've told me it is, and it's just here... rotting, then where are they?

**D-8823:** It could be bad... or they could've simply found a better way to make energy, progressed beyond what we have *theorised* to be possible. That signal we're following is proof they're still out there, let's not forget that.

**D-9901:** Sure, *maybe* they've left for greener pastures. Or... they're dead. You'd expect a civilization advanced enough to wall off the *fucking solar system* to be a little bit more... active.

**D-8823:** It's a possibility, yes.

[End Log]

---

**Addendum 9540.06 - Exploration Log**

After 23 days of further travel, the Geminids' external sensors notified the crew of an external object likely of artificial origins. The object was noted to have been drifting. Onboard instruments detected no heat signatures, radio signals nor any other signs of life were detected from the object.

 **Addendum 9540.06 - Exploration Log** 

---

**Date:** 30/09/2031

**MET at log start:** +69:09:02:33

---

[Begin Log]

*The monitoring computer emits a high pitched beeping for several minutes, and the ship's thrusters begin to lower their humming, before footsteps echo through the ship, quickly approaching both the monitoring station.*

**D-9901:** If this ship has woken me up for another false alarm I swear I'll-

*D-9901 falls silent for a few seconds, evidently analysing whatever the system has detected.*

**D-9901:** Holy shit... is that a...

*D-9901 once more falls silent for several moment.*

**D-9901:** Oh my God... 88, you gotta come here and take a look at this!

*D-8823 responds, croakily and sounding half-asleep.*

**D-8823:** What?

**D-9901:** I said, you're going to want to come and see this!

**D-8823:** Christ, 99, it's 3:34am, if this is another-

**D-9901:** No. This is serious, it's a ship.

*A thud sounds out through the ship as D-8823 jumps off the top level of the bunk, before running over to the monitoring station.*

**D-8823:** Fuck me... a ship... incredible.

| **Recording 3:** A lone space craft occupies the frame. None of the ship's systems seem to be active, as neither the exterior lights, nor any of the thrusters emit any sort of light. A black substance webs across the interior of the craft's cockpit window preventing a view inside the ship. |
| --- |
**D-9901:** It's just... drifting out there. That some black stuff from the Dyson swarm again.

**D-8823:** Probably just some kind of UV shielding if I had to guess.

**D-9901:** It's just... drifting out there. Should we-

**D-8823:**  I'll pilot us in for a closer look.

*Footsteps trail away as D-8823 heads towards the navigation station. The Geminid's engines pick up as it is steered towards the drifting spacecraft.*

**D-9901:** You see that? On the bottom? Those burn marks around them too.

**D-8823:** I guess it ain't all sunshine and rainbows out here either. Somebody didn't want this ship headed wherever or doing whatever it was. 

**D-9901:** Should we send the probe in? Take a look?

**D-8823:** I don't know if it's worth the time - I think the signal could be a whole lot more important than a drifting space-wreck.

**D-9901:** What is it with you and that signal? We have the opportunity to investigate a craft of theirs, and you don't want to.

**D-8823:** Look, I'm sure we'll find some interesting stuff in there, but it won't be enough to... 

**D-9901:** To?

**D-8823:** To show them I'm a team player, that I'm still worth keeping in the Foundation, that I'm not the reckless maniac they think I am.

**D-9901:** What?

**D-8823:** Forget it. You're right, let's get the probe in there and take a look.

[End Log]

---

 **Addendum 9540.07 - Probe Exploration Recording** 

---

**Date:** 30/09/2031

**MET at recording start:** +69:09:05:15

**Note:** The following log is a composite. The audio from the Geminid's onboard communication system has been overlayed with the exploration video in the interests of accessibility. 

---

[Begin Recording]

*The feed flashes to life. The probe's view reveals an internal storage area within the Geminid-3. Suddenly, the doors below the probe begin to retreat as they are retracted, flooding the probe's view with stars.*

**D-8823:** Yep! You're good to release her.

*The probe is carefully moved outside of the ship by a mechanical arm that extends out below the bay. The arm releases the probe, retracting back into the storage bay before the doors close. The probe, now free from the visual obstruction of the bay, observes the unknown ship. It begins to glide towards the lonesome drifter with increasing speed. Upon reaching the elongated, rounded alien ship, the probe begins to navigate across its hull, scanning for entry points.*

**D-9901:** I don't think they're going to have left a convenient probe-sized hole for you.

*The drone travels the length of the smooth ovular ship, before discovering a rear access port. Though unsealed, the rear access port is not open wide enough to allow the probe through.*

**D-8823:** Then we'll make one.

*A metallic appendage, fitted with a thin, stubby nozzle extends out from the probe, stopping just short of the access port. It emits a bright red laser, cutting into the door as the drone begins to move in a circular motion. After less than a minute, the process has finished, and the drone glides into the cut circle, its appendage making contact with the circle, which floats backwards into the ship.*

**D-9901:** Hey tell me, what if there's someone inside?

**D-8823:** Does it look like anyone's home?

**D-9901:** Yeah but-

**D-8823:** Then it doesn't matter, does it?

*The drone comes out on the other side of the hole, entering the ship. A thin black haze chokes the ship's interior. A beam of light shoots out from the drone as it activates its environmental illumination device. The drone observes a short hallway, each side lined with two doorways. The first door on the left is open. At the end of the hallway is a closed door leading to the ship's cockpit. The hallway is choked with the same black web-like growths observed on the cockpit window. Overgrown boxes and crates are stacked up along the left side of the hallway. Certain parts of the hallway show less extensive coverage, allowing the sleek, white metallic walls of the ship to be seen.*

**D-9901:** Let's just hope we don't find big black eggs or something next.

**D-8823:** Right.

*The drone gently glides through the hallway, stopping at each of the closed doors and using its appendage to try the buttons presumably controlling each of the doors, none of which work. Upon this failure, the drone returns back down towards the open door.*

**D-8823:** Aren't you gonna cut through those other ones?

**D-9901:** This thing's only got enough juice to do one more cut, and I want to use that to get into the cockpit.

*The probe reaches the end of the hallway, and turns right through the open doorway, revealing a small room featuring a bed, table, and locker. Small figurines and stuffed animals depicting unknown species float lazily in the room, in addition to a few instances of empty food packaging.*

**D-9901:** Someone *was* here.

*The probe turns and exits the room, traversing down the hallway to the sealed door at the end. It initiates the same cutting procedure, carefully cutting out a circular opening in the door to the cockpit. Once more, the drone pushes onto the circle of cut metal, and enters through the newly created aperture. The cockpit is entirely coated in the black weblike growth, though just in front of the pilots seat, a reflective surface, barely noticeable through the growth can be seen. The drone approaches this surface, and retracts its arm, before extending out another one fitted with a dextrous manipulator claw. It uses this tool to grab at the vine-like web, pulling it off what is revealed to be a screen.*

**D-8823:** Better get a sample of that.

*The claw retracts back towards the probe and out of view, before once more extending outwards, clearing off the vines around the edges of the screen, revealing a series of buttons and controls. The claw folds away one of its fingers, leaving only one finger extended, using it to press onto the leftmost button. Flickers of light come from the screen, before it eventually turns on fully, revealing a message.*

> **Contextual Notice:** The remainder of this video log utilises AARTT (AIC-Assisted Real-Time Translation) technology to provide a partial translation of the computer's content. Though the number of characters allowed for an increased accuracy when compared to the translations of addendum 01.03, the technology remains experimental, and the Geminid's onboard database was limited, thus the translations remain partially inaccurate.

*The message indicates the ship is currently in an extreme power-saving mode, and that only the ship's data storage was currently available. After a few seconds, the notice fades away, revealing a list of separate entries. The mechanical claw tries several of the buttons, before eventually selecting the correct one to open one of the entries. The drone hovers in place for several minutes, clicking through each entry:*

> **Entry 1:** Vanguards returned, fascinating organism recovered from investigation of nearby body. Assigned to investigate. Properties of growth: incredible, highly resilient, adaptable. Potential applications in engineering, medicine possible. Conservatory Council providing expanded resources for study.

> **Entry 2:** Growth truly incredible: Growth shows no end, digestive properties yet to show limit. Applications in waste management: assured, once means to slow discovered. No as of yet discovered physical barrier can prevent spread. Personally concerning.

> **Entry 3:** Northern sector of lab overgrown. Director to sit before Conservatory Council, though solution to immediate issue unavailable. Physical symptoms detected in technicians. Infection to individuals prompted intervention by Planetary Guard - though no greater luck by them.  Relieved of duty - team silenced in fear of possible panic.

> **Entry 4:** Public news of growth detection at star-port at (untranslatable) despite no intentional transport of organism. Significant population alarm. Original lab entirely lost - alongside all research notes belonging to team. Director guilty of treason, intention to destroy planet despite no involvement in retrieval, lies. Council guilty, diverting.

> **Entry 5:** State of planetary emergency enacted by Planetary Guard, space ports guarded by military - fears of further spread to colonies. Situation bleak. Conservatory Council to discuss future course of action. High echelon individuals evacuated, rest locked. Personally terrified. Family to die, locked away, Council incapable, squabbling, corrupt. Further colonies gone, all efforts to date: failed, adapting quickly. To attempt to reach vessel under darkness. No hope here, only among the dark sky, where it isn't. Will upload to ship if successful - document there. Dangerous, no other choice, habitation minimization methods uncertain to lower echelons.

> **Entry 6:** Reached vessel with mate and offspring. Offspring seen by Planetary Guard, too slow. Minor damage to underside from Quarantine Enforcement Platform - able to get away before full activation. Future uncertain. Colonies compromised, no hope there, many dead. Conservatory Council discussing planetary neutralization, though many planets - impossible. Planetary Guard ships amassing, likely "habitability minimization", success unlikely, none so far, none now. Council remains still divided, some guilty, discussing planetary quarantine efforts for healthy planets - guarded, jailed, mistakes unrepeated. Perhaps they realise no solutions now. Heard from others - some guards deserting, leaving the walls.

> **Entry 7:** Noticed power leak - damage indicator. Quarantine Enforcement Platform damage unlikely - effects occur too late, escape many moons ago. Didn't want to look, fears realised. Cannot return - execution or re-assignment to frontlines clearance worse. Heard from others - oxygen harvesters converging on (untranslatable). Planets burn and freeze, choked of air. Colonies worse. Situation remains worsening. 

> 

> Creep on board. It hid aboard. Festering. Doesn't make sense, growth so slow, should've taken over ship long ago. Growing fast now, reason: unsure.

> 

> Out of options, nowhere to go. Do not want little ones to go slow, seen that - painful. To override airlock when all asleep, quick, painless - no suffering.

*After several minutes, the drone backs away from the computer.*

**D-8823:** Jesus...

**D-9901:** We can't bring that sample back with us. 

**D-8823:** Look, I get it - but I need this alright? The Foundation'll be able to deal with it, I'm certain.

**D-9901:** I'm sorry, 88, you need to put it back.

**D-8823:** A discovery like this will...

**D-9901:** Get everyone killed. You think the Foundation will want you back when you bring that back into our solar system? You wanted to show them you're not a loose cannon, right? Then put it back, get some photos, and let's go home.

*The drone retracts its arm, removing a sample container containing the black growth and releasing it.*

[End Recording]

---

**Addendum 9540.08 - Communication Log**

Despite minor technical difficulties, the *Geminid* successfully returned back via SCP-9540. The following communication exchange was recorded between the *Geminid* and *Canberra* following the return of the *Geminid* via SCP-9540.

 **Addendum 9540.08 - Communication Log** 

---

**Date:** 10/12/2031

---

[Begin Log]

**D-8823:** Lennox! Lennox! Please tell me you're still here.

*There is no response.*

**D-8823:** Len!

**Dr. Lennox:** D-8823, welcome back.

**D-8823:** We found something out there man, it... If we can trust the source we found, man... You need to tell... I-

**Dr. Lennox:** Spit it out.

**D-8823:** The logs, it's all there. It's like a grey goo. It eats... and we nearly brought it back with us. I put myself in real danger to get these answers, alright, please make sure the disciplinary committee hears that.

**Dr. Lennox:** Did you make contact with whatever is responsible for SCP-9540?

**D-8823:** We found some logs and a ship, nothing living, I was going to bring back a sample but...

**Dr. Lennox:** Should've gotten a sample. You both know pictures won't cut it for your retrial.

**D-8823:**  What was I supposed to do? Bringing it back could've - would've been dangerous. The last time I put people in danger to help with your projects I...

**Dr. Lennox:** You were the one behind the wheel, 88, let's not neglect that fact.

**D-8823:** We both know it was more than that.

**Dr. Lennox:** All that matters is what the committee saw. 

**D-8823:** You really think I should've brought it back?

**Dr. Lennox:** Like I said, the gears of the Foundation are oiled by risk-taking, it's how anything gets done.

**D-8823:** What exactly were you risking here?

**Dr. Lennox:** If things went wrong I'd be to blame, but if they went right we'd...

**D-8823:** There never was a *we*, was there, Lennox? If things went wrong, you'd throw me under the bus, God knows you can't talk me into lying to Ethics again.

**Dr. Lennox:** The FTL program was more important than any of us, losing you was the least-

**D-8823:** I should've fucking seen it earlier, you never wanted to help me, this entire time I've been your personal labrat, doing the reckless things you needed done for your career. I lost my job for you, for your grand fucking visions. Then you come along with what you said was an olive branch, and... only now I realise it was just signing up for another fucking job of yours. Fuck you, Lennox.

**Dr. Lennox:** I'm sorry if that's how you feel, Michael.

**D-8823:** I thought you were my friend. I thought I had someone looking out for me. I felt like I was doing the right thing when I stood in front of that committee and lied to them. Fuck you.

**Dr. Lennox:** Security will meet you at docking point three.

[End Log]

---

 **Addendum 9540.09 - O5 Council Meeting Transcript** 

---

**Date:** 27/03/2032

---

[Begin Transcript]

**O5-1:** I warned you, Thirteen, for Christ sake I warned you.

*O5-1 pauses, taking a few moments to regain his composure.*

**O5-2:** What's happened?

**O5-1:** I received word today from Site-140 that the FTL fleet assigned to 9540 was detected  enroute for re-entry. Site-140 hadn't got any warning or communication from them.

*O5-13 begins to show visible signs of anxiety.*

**O5-2:** What's that got to do with Thirteen?

**O5-1:** *We* never ordered the fleet back, so I looked into it. *Thirteen* made the unilateral decision to, in secret, approve an expedition through SCP-9540.

*The Councillors all look over at O5-13.*

**O5-1:** That's not all, though, is it Thirteen?

*O5-13 doesn't respond.*

**O5-1:** They found something out there, a sort of destructive all-consuming growth. It even made contact with the scout ship. You were informed of that, weren't you, Thirteen?

*O5-13 once more fails to produce a response.*

**O5-1:** That entire fucking civilization gone, Thirteen! Gone! They had a Dyson swarm for fuck sake, and this thing was still enough to take them out. 

*O5-13 responds, faintly.*

**O5-13:** The ship was... went through quarantine, the whole ship was sterilised, they didn't even bring back a sample. I just wanted to get it back before... Look, I fucked up, alright, but what's done is done, the ship'll be home in two weeks time and it'll be like-

**O5-1:** Not another fucking word!

**O5-2:** One-

**O5-1:** You want to know what I think? That thing was waiting, it *wanted* someone to come along and carry it home. Those Class-D walked straight into a pile of world-ending shit and tracked it back into our solar system. If you'd read those logs they found a little more thoroughly, you'd know that thing hides itself well.

*A brief wave of silence washed over the room, before O5-1 speaks up again.*

**O5-1:** Do you have *any* idea of the risk this thing poses if those logs are to be believed?

**O5-13:** Yes...

**O5-1:** If this thing reaches Earth, it'll almost certainly be a K class scenario, Thirteen. At *minimum* a WK Mass extinction of one or more non-human species. , and more likely an XK Total end of the world scenario. . Do you have any idea what that means? Billions dead. You'll wish you were dead with that much blood on your hands. 

**O5-4:** Do they know?

**O5-1:** No. Only O5-13 had the credentials to view the logs. I think Thirteen ought to be the one to tell them the danger she's put them in.

*O5-1 reaches down beside his chair, and pulls a black leather suitcase onto the table. He removes a laptop from it, placing it atop the table, before sliding it over to O5-13.*

**O5-1:** Tell them, Thirteen. Tell them what happened out there, that they may never get to return to Earth.

*O5-13 tightly screws her eyes shut, before regaining her composure, and signing into the laptop. She clicks through several tabs and types of the keyboard briefly before beginning to meekly speak. The entirety of the Council watch O5-13.*

**O5-13:** This is... O5-13. FTL Group Alpha, do you read me?

*O5-13 waits in anticipation of a response for several seconds.*

**O5-13:** FTL Group Alpha, this is O5-13, this is urgent.

*She awaits a response, the colour draining from her face, and her eyes beginning to open wide.*

**O5-13:** FTL Group...

*O5-13 pushes the laptop away from herself. The room fills with silence.*

**O5-6:** Maybe the comms are broken, it wouldn't be the first time those piece of shit systems played up.

**O5-13:** Can we... Is it possible to... neutralize the ship?

**O5-1:** No, not while it's in FTL, and if we shoot it down as it re-enters then it could... break apart over the Earth.

*The Council falls into a brief moment of silent deliberation.*

**O5-13:** They couldn't stop it either...

**O5-7:** That's not helpful right now Thirteen, we need to find a solution to your little-

**O5-13:** We survived because they sealed us away as they died, we were spared. If... if the ship really is carrying it, and it reaches Earth... we couldn't possibly stop it.

**O5-1:** This is *not* what I want to hear right now!

**O5-13:** Perhaps we can find our answers externally. They couldn't beat it, but they've already shown us how to survive it.

**O5-2:** And how's that then?

**O5-13:** We... amputate... to stop the rot. We can't hope to eliminate it entirely, but perhaps we can consolidate our resources, and stop it from reaching our sites, that buys us time at least. We can live to fight another day. Push comes to shove, we have the non-FTL fleet left.

**O5-2:** Planetary evacuation? Christ woman, a moment ago you were breaking down at the thought of this thing reaching Earth.

**O5-1:** She has a point, Two. If this thing is as bad as we think, we can't afford to stretch ourselves thin evacuating civilians or fighting it globally. Hell, we'll already be spread thin enforcing  a planetary no-fly zone, shutting down travel corridors.

**O5-2:** You're talking about turning populations into petri dishes for fuck sake, think about this for a moment.

**O5-1:** You're right, Two, we are just *talking* about it. For now, all we can do is hope it is a simple communication issue.

*The Council falls silent, the faint static from the computer continuing on in the background.*

[End Transcript]

---

<< [SCP-9539](SCP-9539) | **SCP-9540** | [SCP-9541](SCP-9541) >>

> **Filename:** distances

> **Author:** P4TR1CK07

> **License:** CC0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-9540/Distances

---

> Derivative of

> **Filename:**Distances

> **Author:** NASA/JPL-Caltech, edited by SyntaxTerror

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?search=solar+system+distances&title=Special%3AMediaSearch&type=image

---

> **Filename:** Plating

> **Author:** NASA/MSFC/David Higginbotham/Emmett Given

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:James_Webb_Space_Telescope_Mirror37.jpg

> **Filename:** IsolateContain3

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-9540/IsolateContain3

> **Filename:** DifferenceHostile3

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-9540/DifferenceHostile3

> **Filename:** TheWall

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-9540/TheWall

/*

    Last Frontier Theme

    [2021 Wikidot Theme]

    Created by Vivarium

    Based on Shattered Thoughts Theme created by Yossipossi.

*/

 

 body {

    background-color: #150100;

}

 

/* -=- HEADER -=- */

 

#header h1 a::before {

    content: "SCP-9540";

}

 

#header h2::before {

    content: "The Vessel";

    text-shadow: 0rem 0rem 0.3125rem #000000;

}

 

/* -=- HEADER BACKGROUND -=- */

 

div#container-wrap {

    background: url(https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/theme:last-frontier/Earth.jpg) top left repeat-x;

    background-size: 100%;

}

 

div#header {

    background-image: url('http://scptestwiki.wikidot.com/local--files/sigma:vivarium-test-page/ITTV_LOGO.png');

    background-size: 7.3rem;

    background-position: 3px 29px;

}

/* -=- LINKS -=- */

 

a, a.newpage {

    color: #e3647c;

}

 

a:visited {

    color: #d2647c;

}

 

/* -=- BLOCKQUOTE -=- */

 

div.blockquote,

blockquote {

    background: rgba(135, 0, 9, 0.11);

    border: 0.125rem dotted #865757;

}

 

/* -=- RATING MODULE -=- */

 

.page-rate-widget-box .rate-points,

.page-rate-widget-box > *,

.rate-box-with-credit-button {

    background-color: rgba(107, 22, 22, 255) !important;

}

 

/* -=- PAGE TITLE AND H1 -=- */

 

#page-title,

#action-area h1 {

    color: #ffffff;

    font-weight: bold;

 

}

 

/* -=- SEARCH BAR -=- */

 

#search-top-box-input,

#search-top-box-input:hover,

#search-top-box-input:focus {

    background-color: #150100;

}

 

#search-top-box-form input[type=submit],

#search-top-box-form input[type=submit]:hover,

#search-top-box-form input[type=submit]:focus {

    background-color: #61000d;

 

}

 

/* -=- TOP BAR -=- */

 

#top-bar {

    background: linear-gradient(to right, transparent 25%, transparent 50%, #6b1616 75%, transparent 100%);

}

 

#top-bar ul li ul {

    border: 0.0625rem solid #2477ac;

}

 

#top-bar ul li a {

    color: #ffffff;

    text-shadow: 0rem 0rem 0.3125rem #000000;

}

 

#top-bar ul li:hover a,

#top-bar ul li:hover ul li a {

    background-color: #611e2c;

}

 

#top-bar ul li:hover a:hover {

    background: #8c465a;

}

 

#top-bar .open-menu a {

    background-color: #611e2c;

    border-color: #e3647c;

    color: #ffffff;

}

 

/* -=- SIDEBAR -=- */

 

#side-bar .heading {

     color: #ffffff;

}

 

#side-bar div.menu-item img {

    background: url("http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/theme:last-frontier/Diamond.png");

}

 

#side-bar div.side-block,

#side-bar .side-block.media,

#side-bar .side-block.resources {

    background: #2b1d1d;

    border: 0.3125rem double #000000;

    box-shadow: 0 0.125rem 0.375rem #000000;

    opacity: 0.9;

}

 

#side-bar a,

#side-bar a:visited {

    color: #ff7a98;

}

 

/* -=- TABBERS -=- */

 

.yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a,

.yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a:focus,

.yui-navset .yui-nav .selected a:hover {

    background: #8c465a;

}

 

.yui-navset .yui-nav a,

.yui-navset .yui-nav a:hover,

.yui-navset .yui-nav a:focus {

    background: #360e0b;

}

 

.yui-navset .yui-content {

    background-color: #110500;

    border: 0.125rem dotted #865757;

}

 

/* -=- USER INFO -=- */

 

#login-status,

#login-status a {

    color: #e3647c;

}

 

#account-options li a,

#account-options li a:hover {

    color: #e3647c;

}

 

#account-options ul {

    background-color: #150100;

    border: solid 0.0625rem #e3647c;

    opacity: 1.0;

}

 

/* -=- IMAGES -=- */

 

.scp-image-block .scp-image-caption {

    background-color: #394046;

}

 

/* -=- TABLES -=- */

 

table.wiki-content-table td {

    border: 0.0625rem dotted #865757;

}

 

table.wiki-content-table th {

    background-color: #394046;

}

 

/* -=- MISCELLANEOUS -=- */

 

/* Changes the top border of the tags section, which is typically colored #888, to match the theme better. */

.page-tags span {

    border-top: solid 0.0625rem #f15c7d;

}

 

/* Changes the colors of the layout in the History tab of the page, which constrasts heavily with the background theme. */

.pager a,

.pager a:hover,

.optionstd a,

.optionstd a:hover {

    background: #83303f;

    border: solid 0.0625rem #f15c7d;

}

 

/* While the page is saving and loading, there is a popup on the screen. This popup was difficult to read due to the body's properties (color being white), so this changed the background to be more thematically appropriate and legible. */

.owait,

.osuccess {

    background-color: #83303f;

    border: solid 0.0625rem #f15c7d;

}

 

/* -=- FOOTNOTES -=- */

 

.hovertip {

  background: rgba(17, 0, 5, 255) !important;

  border: solid 0.0625rem #865757 !important;

 

}

 

/* -=- MEDIA SELECTORS -=- */

 

@media screen and (max-width: 50rem) {

 

    #side-bar {

        background-color: rgba(21, 1, 0, .93);

    }

 

}
