**Item #:** SCP-9347

**Object Class:** show

**Special Containment Procedures:** don't need to. it's on the tv.

**Description:** SCP-9347 is cop shows. my mom watches them.

<details>
<summary>Click Here to Watch Cop Shows</summary>

# CONGRATULATIONS!!!

### YOU ARE THIS PAGE'S ONE-MILLIONTH VISITOR

##### Now administering ABSOLUTE-grade agnostics. Please remain.

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

## AAAAAAAAARRRRRGHHHH!!!!!

 _

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The platonic ideal of SCP-9347 is to be contained on the τth floor of Site-⌘, between two cells each housing one possible identity of SCP-001. The particular pair in question is up for junior researchers to discern as a means of hazing. 

**Description:** On one such summer's eve as this, the Right Honorable Sir Duke Magistrate Father Duke Comstock of Wellington the 3rd conceived the notion of a machine "most sticky." From then on, RHSDMFDCW III Sir Duke and all the rest.  has been considered the founding father of the most serendipitous invention of SCP-9347.

One must imagine the mind of such a man. Concieve of an act within an act, nested deep like a parasite within the flesh. Buried therein, you find a place that isn't. Music that cannot be heard. Yes, such is a place of work for any valiant protuberance of the soul. Now, imagine one ought never leave that severed heaven. Yes, SCP-9347 offers this. Oh, SCP-9347 offers this in droves. Oh, oh, it really does! Oh, yes, yes, it does! SCP-9347 truly offers it! Welcome home!

---

## Reassessing remote actuation of agnostic parameters.

#### Manifesting nanomachine consciousness within subject.

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

Hurray!

*Welcome To Your New Home, Your Knew Home: A Warm Greeting From Site-⌘*

Seems that these things still require some calibrating. Luckily, due to now being an inseperable part of your flesh, we can tweak these little agnosto-bots as we wish. That's right! With the power of SCP-9347, the Department of Surrealistics has found a means to actively induce an agnostic effect within eligible researchers.

We have Dr. Comstock to thank for this brilliant invention. He worked a frankly incredible 2i+1 years on the project, all while under a nearly nonstop supply of agnostics in his system. Legend! Unfortunately, he has not been seen since completing SCP-9347. We suspect he may be somewhere beneath us. Very deep. Probably just past where we keep Kentucky.

But enough eating around the tenfold bush- what the fucking hell are we talking about? Since you now have a moderate to severe level of agnostics in your system, ideally the information you have so far received has made sense to you. If it hasn't gotten through your truculent little sack of hammers you call a skull, then let me put it this way:

---

## Nullifying agnostics in user system.

#### Killing all unworldly passions.

Get a load of this:

> **Description:** SCP-9347 is the designation ascribed to a swarm of remotely controlled nanomachines created by the Department of Surrealistics. This nanotechnology, once injected into the bloodstream, may be remotely utilized to deliver agnostics to the subject at the will of a remote agent.

> 

> Dr. Duke Comstock of Site-⌘ developed SCP-9347 in an effort to increase the department's productivity levels. Comstock is quoted as saying the following:

>> I just think it's quite obvious, don't you? We ask ourselves every day whether or not we are the butterfly or the man dreaming- why not make the choice ourselves? I hold a particular passage from our own training manual quite closely. It goes:

>>> I am real and unreal. On the verge between two insipient transcendences, I stand guard against that which may or may not ever truly be. It is us who sacrifice flesh and spirit, body and mind, ins and outs, odds and ends, means and averages, all for the purpose of protecting the sane from the insane. Is that not the truest purpose of the Foundation as a whole?

>>>> Would it not be such a gift from God, all gods, that we may never leave this place? To continue our work as righteous inheritors of madness? Yes, yes, we must prevail. Who is to say we could not build a family here. A civilization of the mad and the blessed.

>>>>> They would have nothing without us.

>>>>>> Without me.

We hope you experience your time at the Department of Surrealistics. In the words of our founder:

"Huh?"

You may feel a sense of unease. Do not worry. Sense will cease soon. If you're lucky, it may never return. Remember that you are a valuable asset.

---

## Words of affirmation received. Maximizing agnostic payload.

#### Godspeed.

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

</details>

<< [SCP-9346](SCP-9346) | SCP-9347 | [SCP-9348](SCP-9348) >>
