*SCP-9818 — good job* 

**Written by:** 

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-ice-block More by this author <3]

**Critted by:**           

⚠️ **Content warning:** Gore / Suicide

**Item #:** SCP-9818

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the nature of SCP-9818, it cannot be prevented. Available AICs are to analyse CCTV networks across every available network to detect subjects who may be undergoing an SCP-9818 event. Suspected subjects are to be quarantined for a month before being released. Subjects who fully undergo an SCP-9818 event are to have their medical records altered and every witness is to be amnesticized.

**Description:** SCP-9818 refers to a phenomenon that affects workers between the ages of 16 to 65. This phenomenon occurs across a one-month time span. Subjects who are affected by SCP-9818 initially exhibit an increased productive capacity, at the cost of neglecting their own physical and mental health. As the SCP-9818 event progresses, so does a subject's obsession with productivity, opting to spend their time off continuing to work. Subjects detach themselves from their personal life, cutting off friends and family entirely.

This event culminates on the final day with a subject compulsively beginning to mutilate themselves to use parts of their body during work. Notable examples include:

* Office workers cutting off their own skin to use as paper.

* Chefs substituting ingredients in recipes with their own flesh and blood.

* Cleaners attaching their scalp to a rod, using their hair as a mop. 

* Labourers throwing themselves into active furnaces.

* Doctors performing active surgeries on themselves to transplant organs to patients.

It is noted that subjects during this event do not die of blood loss and or shock. When a worker is unable to continue doing their job due to their injuries, they will die, signifying the end of the SCP-9818 event.

**Addendum 9818-A:** Unopened Email

On 13/04/2018, 38-year-old Akiji Saito Injuries sustained: 

* Blunt force trauma resulting in a compound fracture of the mandible.

* Approx. 46 instances of penetrative trauma across oral cavity which resulted in removal of all teeth.

* Penetrative trauma to the cervical spinal cord resulting in paralysis and multiorgan system failure.  underwent an SCP-9818 event. The day before the event, he received an email from his younger sister, Yomi Saito. It has been attached below, translated from Japanese to English.

Hey Akiji.

Since nobody can reach you by your cell, I thought to myself that you still have to be using a work email, right? 

I'm torn between calling you a pathetic piece of shit and wondering whether or not you'd even care to read this. This letter is going to be me taking my anger out on you because I just want someone to be mad at, and it's more than justified for that someone to be you.

Dad died in the hospital while we desperately tried to contact you just so that you could maybe show your face, but no. Some things are just more important than that, right? Is it a girl? A business opportunity? Selling your soul out?

It's been horrible for me and mom to have gone through that on our own. Watching him shrivel up and get worse day by day wondering when his "picture perfect son" will arrive. He took such great care of us, and this is how you repay him? Mom doesn't even want to say your name anymore, saying that she doesn't even know who you are. I have no clue what would make you turn your back to us like this!

You're the most respectable man I know in my life because I trusted you more than I ever did our parents, and now you're just gone, poof, into thin air, like some kind of fucking ghost. I can't talk to you, I can't talk *about* you and I'm so stressed dealing with mom and maybe I'm not mad at you, just frustrated. It all hurts so, so much because I really hope that you're okay and not going through some shit on your own and feeling too bad to talk to me about it!

I want you to know I'm here for you. Always. Please, Akiji. Talk to me.

*- Yomi*     

<< [SCP-9817](SCP-9817) | SCP-9818 | [SCP-9819](SCP-9819) >>

> **Filename:** SCPaffected.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [SCP-9818](SCP-9818) 

> **Derivative of:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Flying_J_Prescribed_Fire_2014_(24215215897).png
