=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9318

**Object Class:** Declassified-Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** Not applicable.

**Description:** SCP-9318 is purportedly a Foundation subsidiary headquartered in Merthyr Tydfil, Wales. Existing records are analogue in nature, dating back to 1979, placing it under the remit of the Post-Disposal Processing Division (PDPD). This department has not existed for 50 years.

Despite this, the industrial grounds of SCP-9318 still operate from a secluded location within a local coniferous forest. Written atop the entrance gate are the words “[ANIMAL HOSPITAL](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/animal-hospital-hub)” on a yellow plastic plaque. Deliveries of disposable assets from Foundation research sites are consistent, and SCP-9318 continues to output thousands of bespoke animals daily, exported via Foundation couriers. No employment records exist.

The main reasons for procurement include:

* Substance testing on rabbits and mice by laboratory and medical institutions, or domestic animals for veterinary training.

* Animal testing by Foundation researchers in place of human testing.

* Pet and animal breeding, particularly within markets for dogs, cats, and horses.

Information about the creation of animals is proprietary, although broadly follows these steps:

1)

Disposable assets are delivered by waste trucks to be offloaded and piled atop a spoilheap at the Western Basin. On a biweekly basis, two janitorial staff in hazmat gear will spray down the necrotic runoff collected on the basin floor using a hydrochloric acid solution.

2)

A diagnostic specialist will then separate each asset by cause of death. Whether through anomalous means, grievous bodily harm, or by self-termination, these must be separated so as to not taint the final product.

3)

The separated assets are brought to the factory floor and loaded into one of several bioreactors. Depending on what a client has ordered, a catalyst is then added. Reactor catalyst is extracted from an amount of natural-born, purebred feedstock of the animal in question. Technicians mix this with the disposable asset, calibrating these levels based on animal likeness.

4)

Total cell rejuvenation to an infantile state may take anywhere from several minutes to a week. Many veteran technicians can judge purely based on observation of the bioreactor vats. However, it is recommended that employees use an indicator stick to test for the presence of hox genes. At this point, nutrients and anti-caking agents are added.

5)

Finally, the product is heat-treated and prayed over by an onsite cleric. Transferring a delocalised soul back into the mixture is a difficult and lengthy process, requiring specialty training in communication with divinities. An embryo will form upon successful transference. Isolettes will then bring the bespoke animal to development age, where a unique identifier and batch number is assigned.

6)

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Where a catalyst runs dry or where a soul is lost during transit, Among SCP-9318 employees, this is colloquially known as “damning” or “rapturing”. this results in diminishing returns in the quality of bespoke animals. Animals that present–

* polycephaly,

* polymelia,

* polydactyly,

* introspective qualities,

* twin-soul dilemmas,

* or any other maladies, 

–are indicative of a tainted product. These animals are less marketable and should always be put down.

A certain amount of post-processing socialisation is needed for some animals before export. SCP-9318 has many small-scale sanctuaries where new products can exist around and commune with natural-born animals to learn proper mannerisms and behaviours from them. Examples of sanctuaries include; tracks and stables for horses, cat and dog shelters, numerous per-species vivariums, and an extensive aquarium below the site that simulates tropical, temperate and arctic waters, among others. Site personnel are advised not to engage bespoke animals on the nature of being. Despite appearances, for all intents and purposes, these animals are genetically human.

Operation of SCP-9318 has not been impeded. Fiscal contributions averaging $500,000 have been deposited to the finance department from the PDPD every year since SCP-9318 was founded. School trips have been successful in generating more revenue. While visitors show difficulty remembering SCP-9318, they often [think of the location fondly](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6127). SCP-9318 now offers an adults-only night where alcohol and music is provided along with a free bespoke cat / dog to take home. Specimens are available in over two million colour combinations of their choosing.

<< [SCP-9317](SCP-9317) | SCP-9318 | [SCP-9319](SCP-9319) >>
