=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9766

**Object Class:** Goetia

**Special Containment Procedures:** Digital timers are placed above each holding cell. Once 56 hours have elapsed, officers at Site-Black are to move detainees from EIC-5 to the surgery room. This room has been retrofitted with an open-air access shaft positioned towards the sky. All staff on handling duty are advised to wear earplugs. Surgeons should start with the vocal cords before moving onto arms as tranquilisers will quickly lose their efficacy.

A chapel extension for personnel usage has been approved. Social media content algorithms have been legislated to moderate videos of SCP-9766 along with the mention of relevant words such as “worship” and “him”.

**Description:** Creator(s) of the item remain unknown. The apocryphal figure rose from the Red Sea. SCP-9766 is a wooden carving depicting Jesus Christ, notably missing both arms at the shoulder. SCP-9766 is possibly in orbit around the Earth, and may or may not be visible rapidly moving across the sky. Its flightpath is presumably sequestered to areas of low Christian population, producing an intense bodily light for all onlookers below. The figure has been mistook by the public on occasion for:

* Ball lightning phenomena.

* A Tunguska-Event flashover like scenario.

* An astronaut plummeting to Earth.

* A fallen satellite.

* A nuclear warhead.

* An asteroid, meteorite, shooting star, or comet.

* A UFO sighting.

* A fallen angel.

* The Second Coming.

SCP-9766’s passage has been evident since 2008. A video was uploaded to the online video sharing website 'YouTube'  by a Canadian gamehunter. It goes as follows:

> 

> <[00:00] - The video begins with the cameraman traversing a snowy woodland at night. He discusses the trees and noises around him.

> 

> <[00:10] - The audio of his narration and heavy breathing are eclipsed by a distant yowling not dissimilar to choir singing.

> 

> <[00:30] - The singing grows louder.  He rounds a tree.

> 

> <[00:32] - Zooming in down a forest gap, a pair of bright eyes appear from the dark.

> 

> <[00:35] - Three more pairs follow suit, one much lower than the others. The cameraman shakes and pants.

> 

> <[00:48] - The cameraman moves closer. Revealed among a clearing are a group of caribou in distress, bar one instance. All are warped, standing completely upright on their hind-legs. Each of their front-legs are pointed up and outstretched towards the sky. Each is seemingly in worship.

> 

> <[00:55] - Zooming in, engorged blood vessels stretch around the neck and limbs from muscular strain. Each tremor significantly and hyperventilate. Their eyes look about quickly and then at the camera. The one tranquil caribou sits, singing. Blood cakes the snow. Its arms are missing.

> 

> <[01:06] - The cameraman begins a fervent discussion about God. This amuses the caribou who sits attentively. A bright light grows distant.

> 

> <[01:30] - Video ends abruptly.

More recently, videos from online Christian communities have surfaced with the trending caption “Worshipping Pet Syndrome”. A majority of these users and accounts are inactive after three days. For afflicted organisms, intense discomfort, fatigue and distress set in quickly. Supplication will persist until termination, or until the offending limbs are severed at the shoulder. Limbs then rapidly rise into the sky. Where no direct route exists, limbs will make for the nearest exit such as a window or doorway. These are absorbed, resulting in increased metabolic activity within the figure and raising its internal body temperature as observed through thermal imaging cameras. SCP-9766’s brightness grows. 

Behavioural differences in delimbed organisms were associated with physio-psychological trauma. It was not until 2012 with the first human cases at the Saint McColm Hospital that the Program realised delimbed people engage in religious discourses upon the digestion of their arms. Proselytising and evangelism revolves around worship and the worship of idols and a church untethered to the sea and land. These remain topics of discussion even as hypovolemia sets in. Others may be convinced and will believe in SCP-9766’s existence.

The Site-Black committee has approved SCP-9766's usage for [enhanced interrogation strategies](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-9853). Forcing detainees to watch live videos of the item will induce supplication and, along with the false promise of relief via a cure, results in begging. Implementation has seen a 83% positive increase in information disclosure. Officers on duty should be wary not to leave detainees more than 72 hours. Inevitably the atrophied arms will simply detach and officers may be caught off guard by projectile limbs. Unmonitored discourses may follow with outbreak sermons between staff and detainees.

**Containment Update:** The Site-Black committee has rolled-back approval following a sharp decline in individuals identifying as Christian on census data was recorded. Reports of an unidentified light in the sky have increased. The Department of Defence (DoD) are considering orbital strikes.

<< [SCP-9765](SCP-9765) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9767](SCP-9767) >>

> **Filename:** IMG_3344.jpeg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [here](https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/unobtainium235-3/IMG_3344.jpeg)

> **Filename:** Jesus-Christ-Without-Arms.jpg

> **Author:** Unobtainium235

> **License:** CC BY SA 4.0

> **Description:** Photo of 13th century Jesus Christ figure in the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.

> **Source Link:** [here](https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/unobtainium235-3/Jesus-Christ-Without-Arms.jpg)
