SCP-9399, by P4TR1CK07. 

.note-left,

.note-right {

  padding: 8px 16px;

  border-radius: 5px;

  background-color: white;

  box-shadow: 0 0 4px rgba(0,0,0,0.15);

  font-size: 0.9em;

  color: #000;

}

.note-left {

  border: 1px solid #f24e3a;

}

.note-right {

  border: 1px solid #F24E3A;

}

@media (min-width: 1450px) {

  .note-right-container,

  .note-left-container {

    position: relative;

  }

  .note-right {

    position: absolute;

    left: 100%;

    margin-left: 20px;

    width: calc(50vw - 590px);

  }

  .note-left {

    position: absolute;

    right: 100%;

    margin-right: 20px;

    width: calc(50vw - 590px);

  }

}

@media (min-width: 950px) and (max-width: 1450px) {

  .note-right-container {

    float: right;

    max-width: 380px;

    margin-left: 20px;

  }

  .note-left-container {

    float: left;

    max-width: 380px;

    margin-right: 20px;

  }

}

@media (min-width: 768px) and (max-width: 950px) {

  .note-right-container,

  .note-left-container {

    width: 100%;

    margin: 10px 0;

  }

}

@media (min-width: 550px) and (max-width: 768px) {

  .note-right-container {

    float: right;

    max-width: 280px;

    margin-left: 15px;

  }

  .note-left-container {

    float: left;

    max-width: 280px;

    margin-right: 15px;

  }

}

@media (max-width: 550px) {

  .note-right-container,

  .note-left-container {

    width: 100%;

    margin: 10px 0;

  }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5);margin: 0px auto;}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

.test {border-collapse:collapse; margin: 0px auto; max-width: 600px;}

.test-left {font-weight:bold;padding: .3em .7em; text-align: center; border: 1px solid black; background-color: silver; width: 25%;}

.test-left-bottom {text-align: center; padding: .3em .7em; border: 1px solid black}

.test-right-top {font-weight:bold; padding: .3em .7em; text-align: center; border: 1px solid black; background-color: silver;}

.test-right {border: 1px solid black; padding: .3em .7em;}

.table-container {display: flex; justify-content: center;}

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The authenticity of {{SOME}} components of this file are currently undergoing validation by the O5 council.

]

.anom-bar-container.endeminis .text-part > .main-class::after {

    background-color: rgb(120, 17, 204)

}

:root {

--keter: 120, 17, 204

}

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** 

Individuals suspected of being under the influence of SCP-9399 are to be reported to their superiors for further review. In the event that they have no direct superiors or are in positions of command within the Foundation, they are to be reported to the O5 Council.

**Description:**  

SCP-9399 is a memetic condition that increases an individual's propensity for violence when interacting with anomalies.

It is unknown how an individual comes to be infected by SCP-9399; however, it is highly likely that the manifestation of SCP-9399 is caused by exposure to both SCP-Ψ-3325 and SCP-α-231 The only known instance of these conditions being met by an individual occurred on 15/09 during a containment breach at Site-188. . Diagnosis of infected individuals is exceedingly difficult and requires clear proof of a sudden change in attitude towards the use of force in containment.

**Discovery:** 

SCP-9399 was brought to the attention of the Foundation when the following document, which was in the process of being created, was flagged by Foundation Internal Security. The O5 council subsequently seized the document from its creator, Site-188 Assistant Director Wattle, and launched an investigation into SCP-9399 (see addendum 8). The document's original files can be found under addenda 1-5. 

**Addendum 9399.01** 

 **Incident 9399.01** 

---

**Date:** 15/09/2025

**Incident:** Suspected SCP-9399 infection of Site-188 Director Baltner

**Note:** The following is a written transcript of helmet camera footage taken from MTF Nu-7 (Hammer Down) Captain Blackton during a response to a breach at Site-188.

---

[Begin Transcript]

*Captain Blackton is looking down at a tablet displaying the layout of Site-188. His head moves up towards Baltner, and as it does, the entrance to Site-188 comes into view. About a dozen Nu-7 operatives  stand close by the entrance, their weapons trained on the door. Off to the side, evacuated staff are loaded into nondescript vans driven by plainclothed Foundation agents, while the injured staff are tended to by  medical staff.*

**Captain Blackton:** So just how did these three humanoids manage to overpower your security officers? 

**Director Baltner:**  188 was never equipped to deal with something like this. It's situated below a major urban centre. Do you really think we regularly deal with high-risk SCPs?

**Captain Blackton:** I just need the details, Baltner.

**Director Baltner:** It was definitely coordinated. SCP-Φ-3321 generated an electromagnetic pulse the likes of which we hadn't seen.

**Captain Blackton:** Why weren't there containment protocols to prevent that?

**Director Baltner:** There were, of course there were. They must've swiped a key card during testing, used it to exit their containment chamber, then overridden their containment system. We knew one of the researchers working with SCP-Ω-4562 had lost a key card yesterday. SCP-Ω-4562's cell was searched, but we never found the card.

**Captain Blackton:** And what happened next?

**Director Baltner:**  I initiated breach protocol, but by the time staff started reaching the breach shelter, SCP-Φ-3321 and SCP-Λ-3327 were out. I'm guessing SCP-Ω-4562 generated portals for the others to get out through. 

*Baltner pauses before continuing.*

**Director Baltner:** The guard manning the control panel panicked and locked it early. I was fairly close to the entrance when this all happened, so I was able to get out relatively quickly. Site security was preparing to initiate de-escalation protocols.

**Captain Blackton:** Did you see which way the security were heading?

*Baltner pauses to think.*

**Director Baltner:** The cafeteria.

**Captain Blackton:** Any idea on the status of the priority staff?

**Director Baltner:** I know Plfeger's still in there with the rest of security. I can't recall seeing Rygland, Jones, or Hastings; however, I have full faith that my security staff will already have the situation under control by the time you enter the site. Our security personnel are highly trained in non-confrontational recontainment methods. 

**Captain Blackton:** Right, and what are SCP-Ω-4562, SCP-Φ-3321 and SCP-Λ-3327?

**Director Baltner:** They were shipped in two days ago, at the time we believed they were all fairly low risk humanoids. SCP-Ω-4562 has the ability to generate portals to and from any location up to 100 meters from its location. 

**Captain Blackton:** And the others?

**Director Baltner:** Yes.  SCP-Φ-3321 is able to generate electromagnetic pulses. SCP-Λ-3327's your run-of-the-mill Anderson cyborg.

*Captain Blackton rubs his forehead with one hand.*

**Captain Blackton:** Seems like the perfect storm. I keep telling the folks upstairs that this is what happens when you're soft with them. 

*An audible ping is heard coming from the tablet. Blackton looks down, revealing a message from Baltner's terminal.*

**Captain Blackton:** Looks like they want to talk.

*Baltner’s eyes flick towards the tablet.*

**Director Baltner:** What is it? What did it say?

**Captain Blackton:** They've got hostages, they're "open to negotiate".

*Baltner screws his eyes shut before re-opening them.*

**Director Baltner:**  What.. What were their demands?

**Captain Blackton:** It doesn't matter, we're going in.

*Baltner looks taken aback by this.*

**Director Baltner:** You haven't even told me *what* they're asking for. Did you even read it?

*Blackton now sounds noticeably frustrated.*

**Captain Blackton:** I get it, I do. You lot sit at your desks and talk about ethics and the "right way to do things", but you don't have to run around cleaning up the Foundation's messes. That's *us*, *we* get our hands dirty, *we* get things done. I know what they're like; they're just buying time to let out God knows what else. I'm not wasting any more time.

*Baltner snaps back at Blackton.*

**Director Baltner:** If you rush in there guns blazing, you're going to get people killed! This is a delicate situation, Blackton, one that won't benefit from the usual iron fist I know you're all too used to using. 

*Captain Blackton turns and starts to walk toward his team, who are waiting at the facility's entrance. As he is walking, he turns back to respond.*

**Captain Blackton:** If you're looking at saving lives, director, I'd re-examine your approach to containment. You were naïve, Baltner; that's how this happened.

*Baltner replies under his breath.*

**Director Baltner:** Typical fucking task forces... I tell them that this is a highly volatile situation, and they send fucking Hammer Down...

##red|**Definitely** no behavioural changes by this point.##

*Captain Blackton does not hear Baltner's response. He reaches the facility's entrance and makes entry with his team. The light from outside begins to disappear as they travel deeper into the bowels of the facility.*

**Captain Blackton:** NODs Night optical device.  on folks.

*The squad searches Site-188, room by room, stepping over the occasional corpse of a security guard or researcher. Bullet marks dot the hallways. Eventually, they come to the entrance of the cafeteria. The team remains silent and out of view. They wait for several seconds until they hear a muffled sob. Captain Blackton nods, and half of his squad splits off from the stack, eventually reappearing on the opposite side of the opening. Suddenly, footsteps travel toward the doorway.*

**Unknown:** If you're out there, we just want to talk, please. Nobody needs to get hurt.

*Captain Blacker looks across at the operative leading the other stack. A robotic voice chimes in.*

**SCP-Λ-3327:** We'll all go back. This was a mistake; nobody was meant to get hurt.

*The footsteps approach the entrance. Captain Blacker straightens his hand and points it at towards the doorway. The operative leading the other stack deploys a canister of tear gas into the cafeteria, which slowly fills the room. The hostages can be heard coughing profusely.*

*The two stacks breach the room. As they enter, SCP-Ω-4562 is seen running away from the entrance, which he was presumably approaching prior to the team breaching. SCP-Ω-4562 begins to turn around to face the entrance, but is shot dead, his body slumping onto the ground. SCP-Φ-3321 opens fire on the NU-7 operatives. The operatives return fire. During the exchange, two hostages are hit.*

*After a few moments, SCP-Φ-3321’s gun can be heard clicking, and he starts to duck down. An operative takes a calculated shot at him as he begins to crouch down, which hits him in the side of the head, killing him instantly. The team proceeds carefully past the hostages and into the kitchen, where they find SCP-Λ-3327 cowering, his gun on the floor beside him.*

**Captain Blackton:** DO NOT FUCKING MOVE.

*All of the operatives aim their weapons towards SCP-Λ-3327 while one steps forward and restrains him. SCP-Λ-3327 begins to sob.*

**SCP-Λ-3327:** I'm sorry... I'm sorry. Please, they said we were just going to slip out, alright? They never told me about... I didn't kill anyone, OK? I didn't even use my gun!

*Captain Blackton nods at an operative, who then steps toward the weapon and picks it up. He releases the magazine and briefly inspects it before nodding back at Captain Blackton, confirming it to be full. The other operatives begin to release the captive staff and escort them out of the site, and tend to the wounded hostages. Captain Blackton personally escorts SCP-Λ-3327 out of the site. As they pass through the facilities entrance, technical and medical staff are escorted inside by more NU-7 operatives. Captain Blackton looks over at Director Baltner. Baltner does not move or pay any attention to the NU-7 operatives. Instead, his eyes are frozen on the facility entrance, and he watches as medical personnel begin to trickle back out of the site, carrying the bodies of staff.*

[End transcript]

**Addendum 9399.02** 

 **Incident 9399.02** 

---

**Date:** 17/09/2025

**Incident:** Suspected behavioural alterations in SCP-9399 victim

**Note:** N/A

---

*Wattle is walking down a hallway in the administrative wing of Site-188, carrying a pile of papers. As she passes by Baltner's office, she pauses for a moment, hearing a faint but repeated thudding sound. She steps closer to the door and listens in for a few seconds, confirming it to be coming from inside Baltner's office. Wattle knocks on the door, but there is no response. She then opens the door and enters the office to find Baltner repeatedly slamming his fist against one of the walls in his office. His fist is noticeably wounded, but he continues to pound the wall.*

**Wattle:** Baltner?

*Baltner takes no notice of Wattle, or her vain efforts to get his attention. Wattle pauses to calculate her next move for a few seconds before beginning to move towards Baltner.*

**Wattle:** Baltner, stop!

*Wattle rushes towards Baltner and grabs his hand right before it impacts the wall. Baltner wrestles his arm out of Wattles' control. Then he slumps down against the wall, exhausted.*

**Wattle:** Are you ok?

**Baltner:** It's fine, its just a surface wound.

**Wattle:** No, that's not what I mean.

*Wattle reaches into her purse and removes a small pink container, opens it, and removes the disinfectant wipes inside. Baltner begins to cry for around half a minute before beginning to speak.*

**Wattle:** What happened wasn't your fault.

**Baltner:** People are fucking dead, 27 staff members dead.  We can't go on like this.

**Wattle:** I know this is going to sound terrible, and is probably the last thing you want to hear me say right now but you need to hear it. No site is perfect, alright, losing staff is unavoidable in our line of work. It doesn't make it okay, it doesn't make it easier, but you need to keep that in perspective.

*Wattle pauses, reflecting on what she's just said, before continuing.*

**Wattle:** That sounded worse than I meant it to, but the work we are doing here is important. If we can show the higher-ups at the Foundation that there are other ways of keeping SCPs safe and secure, we can get some real change going.

**Baltner:** You're a good friend and I'm lucky to have you, but now's not the time.

**Wattle:** I'm not just going to leave you to wallow in here by yourself.

*Wattle gestures at the wall Baltner had been punching.*

**Wattle:** Certainly not while you're "destroying Foundation property".

*Baltner chuckles, before falling silent once again. Wattle doesn't reply, instead worriedly observing Baltner. After a few moments, Baltner begins to speak again.*

**Baltner:**  The guards were trying to talk to them wattle. The SCPs were escaping, and had guns, and they tried to talk them down. 

 

##red|Minor changes in Baltner's perspective on violence are exhibited here, notably, he implies that de-escalation attempts by the security were naïve.## 

**Wattle:** You can't blame yourself. It was a freak accident, alright.

*Wattle, having now disinfected Baltner's hand, gestures towards the door.*

**Wattle:** Foundation preliminary testing fucked us over and we got sent over a few SCP's more dangerous than we were equipped to deal with. Alright?

**Baltner:** We both know that's not what it is.

**Wattle:** Then what is it? And if you go on about how it's all your fault, I don't want to hear it, because that isn't true, and I know you know that.

**Baltner:** *We* are failing the site, the staff, the Foundation. I know we wanted to do things differently, but maybe it's time we come back down to earth. We're getting people killed in the hopes that *maybe* one day, we can prove to the Foundation that the Foundation's usual cold touch isn't the only way to do things.

**Wattle:** *Don't* say that, I know things are bad right now, but we've already given up so much for this. If you give up now, everyone we've lost, everything we've sacrificed, was for nothing. Remember Dr.Woods? Do you remember how he sealed that breach gate on himself to save all those humanoids? Are you really willing to give up something people have already given their lives for?

**Baltner:** It's a sunk cost, Wattle. The only thing we can do moving forward is stop this from happening again. If that means re-considering our approach to containment-

 

##red| SCP-9399's effects are certainly noticeable by this point. Baltner had never expressed doubts in his methods prior to this incident, and I fail to see why he would now.## 

**Wattle:** Why now? What happened during the breach?

**Baltner:** Fuck Wattle, can you stop trying to distract me?

**Wattle:** I'm serious.

**Baltner:** No, I'm fucking serious. Every time we've had something like this happen, you come up with excuses to make it better, or distract me, both of which distract me from the realities of this kind of shit.

**Wattle:** Baltner. No.

**Baltner:** Maybe I shouldn't have brought you to Site-188.

*Wattle's head cocks back.*

**Wattle:** Excuse me?

**Baltner:** I was young and inexperienced. I had this naïve perspective on the containment of anomalies, and you... fed into that.

**Wattle:** So it's my fault? All of it?

**Baltner:** No, but you kept me soft. Up in the clouds with these grand visions instead of waking up to the reality of what I need to do.

*Wattle begins to tear up.*

**Wattle:** Is that really how you've felt all this time?

**Baltner:** No, but it's dawning on me that this is the reality of it.

**Wattle:** I believed in it, I thought you did too. I... feel like I don't even know you anymore.

**Baltner:** Stop being emotional. It's true and you know it.

**Wattle:** Emotional? Fuck you, Baltner.

*Wattle stands up and rushes out of the room. Baltner stands up and starts to follow her.*

**Baltner:** Stop, I-

*Just as he reaches the doorway, the door automatically closes on Baltner before he can pass through it. He pounds his fist against the door before falling down against it. Baltner then presses the palm of his right hand against his forehead.*

**Baltner:** Fuck.

**Addendum 9399.03** 

 **Timeline of Site-188 Breach** 

---

**Note:** The following timeline was provided by Agent Aprek, one of two specialised security operatives that, at the time of the breach, had been assigned to the Personal Protection Detail (PPD) of Site Director Baltner. This file was provided to Assistant Site Director Wattle at her request, and following review, was uploaded to this SCP file.

---

**09:03:** Site Director Baltner arrives at his office, and makes his usual facility-wide morning announcement.

**10:39:** All electronic systems across Site-188 simultaneously fail. Back-up generators engage, however, only provide access to the bare minimum: door controls, the site's intercom system, and emergency lighting. The site's FEARS Foundation Emergency Alert and Readiness system  engages and announces a shelter-in-place warning until the site's status can be confirmed by security.

**10:42:** Second-in-command of Site-188's security corps, Lieutenant Pfleger, rushes into Baltner's office. He alerts Baltner as to the ongoing containment failure. Baltner subsequently announces a facility-wide lockdown procedure, and that all staff are to proceed to the breach shelter while site security recontain the breached SCPs.

**10:43:**  Lieutenant Pfleger returns to his team and leaves the area. Baltner begins to collect the sensitive documents from his office before activating the kill switch on his PC terminal, wiping all data from it. 

**10:45** Baltner's protective detail begin to escort him out of his office and towards the site's breach shelter.

**10:52:**  Director Baltner and his PPD encounter SCP-α-231, and despite the best efforts of his PPD, SCP-α-231 activates . Rapid containment is decided to be impossible, and Baltner is removed from the area before any effects are noted.

##red|Was he even screened for effects? I doubt two agents would be able to accurately determine whether or not  SCP-α-231 had produced effects.##

**10:55:** Director Baltner's and his PPD arrive at the breach shelter, only to find it had been closed prematurely.

**10:57:** A decision is reached among Director Baltner and his detail, and the party begin to head towards the facilities exit.

**11:02:**  Baltner and his PPD encounter SCP-Ψ-3325, and accidentally make eye contact, causing only momentary effects.  

##red| Back-to-back exposure to these SCPs in less than 10 minutes could create personality changes similar to those seen presently in Baltner.##

**11:09:** Baltner is succesfully escorted to the facilities exit. Agent-████████, with the permission of Director Baltner, is relieved from his duties to Baltner, and re-enters the facility to assist the site's security. Director Baltner and Agent Aprek wait outside for the Mobile Task Force response unit to arrive.

**Addendum 9399.04** 

 **Site-188 Policy and Containment Modification Log** 

---

**Date:** 18/09

**Executive Order:** 302

**Description:** 

The "Good Conduct and Cooperation" (GCC) program for low-risk humanoids is to be immediately terminated. All privileges previously earned by anomalies through the GCC program are to be withdrawn, effective immediately.

These privileges are an unnecessary use of the Foundation's resources that undermines Site security.

##red|Would he really give up after years of uphill fighting with the committee?##

**Date:** 20/09

**Executive Order:** 307

**Description:** 

All security staff are to undergo mandatory retraining, which is to be led by training staff from MTF A-11. The training is to focus on the employment of lethal force against hostile anomalies.

Staff should be reminded that hesitancy and attempts to reason with anomalies contributed to the recent breach on 15/09/2025.

**Date:** 25/09

**Executive Order:** 316

**Description:**

Site-188 security officers are to be equipped with the P3-L directed energy rifles. The P3-L has excelled in testing and has proven to be far superior to current armaments in terminating hostile anomalies. 

##red|Terminating? What the hell happened to "cooperation and mutual understanding being the founding principles of Site-188." ##

Whilst the currently issued firearms have proven to be effective at immobilising or deterring anomalies, their limited firepower means they are often insufficient at neutralising a threat, leaving site security highly vulnerable.

**Date of Change:** 28/09

**Reason for Change:** Updated Site-Wide Policies

---

**SCP:**Γ-441

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~SCP-Γ-441 is to be fixed to a wall in a standard containment chamber in Site-188. 3 kilograms of meat is to be inserted into SCP-Γ-441 on a bi-hourly basis. Should any SCP-Γ-441 instances successfully emerge, they are to be given foodstuffs until they are satiated and re-enter SCP-Γ-441.~~

SCP-Γ-441 is to be fixed to a wall in a reinforced containment chamber in Site-188. SCP-Γ-441-1 instances emerging from SCP-Γ-441 are to be ignored. Should any SCP-Γ-441-1 instance begin to damage the containment chamber or take longer than 12 hours to re-enter SCP-Γ-441, they are to be terminated using a remote gas deployment system.

**Date of Change:** 29/09

**Reason for Change:** Updated Site-Wide Policies

---

**SCP:**Σ-495

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~SCP-Σ-495 is to be housed in a climate-controlled containment chamber. The chamber is to be set to 13°C (which has been determined to be the optimal temperature for reducing the growth of SCP-Σ-495). SCP-Σ-495 is to be provided with 3 litres of water combined with a specialised growth suppressant daily via remotely operated sprinklers. Whilst these combined means have proven largely effective at preventing the growth of SCP-Σ-495, precise cuttings must also be undertaken weekly. Security staff must be present during this process.~~ 

SCP-Σ-495 is to be housed in a reinforced containment chamber. The observation window is to be fitted with reinforced glass and a steel shutter. SCP-Σ-495 is to be given 3 litres of water daily, delivered via remotely operated sprinklers. Site security are to "prune" SCP-Σ-495 bi-weekly. "Pruning" of SCP-Σ-495 requires a minimum of two members of site security, both of whom must be fitted with flame-retardant suits. One is to be equipped with cutting implements, and the other is to be equipped with  a flamethrower that is to be used to prevent uncooperative or aggressive actions from SCP-Σ-495.

##red|This **isn't** Baltner.##

**Addendum 9399.05** 

 **Incident 9399.03** 

---

**Date:** 29/09

**Incident:** Continued behavioural alterations in SCP-9399 victim

**Note:** N/A

---

*Wattle is seated in the waiting room leading into Baltner's office, a folder of papers in her hands. She reads them for several minutes before closing them and looking at the door leading to Baltner's office. The door emits an electronic beep and slides open. A senior administrator and Site-188's security chief step out of the door and leave the office. Wattle stands up and walks into Baltner’s office. Wattle sits down in the leftmost chair facing Baltner’s desk.*

**Wattle:** We need to talk.

*Baltner finishes typing on his laptop and closes it, placing it into a drawer in his desk.*

**Baltner:** What can I help you with Wattle?

**Wattle:** Don't be coy.

**Baltner:** I've told you already, I don't need to see the site therapist, he definitely has enough on his plate now. Anyways, I'm fine now, my head is clear, and I'm making the changes I need to.

*Wattle opens the folder and removes a sheet of paper. She holds it up so that Baltner can see it. The paper shows both iterations of the containment procedures for SCP-Σ-495. Wattle's voice now becomes noticeably irritated.*

**Wattle:** You promised we would talk about these things, that we would be a team here. I don't think it's a coincidence that you "forgot" our weekly meeting. I've seen your recent executive orders, your retraining the guards, giving them weapons designed to kill anomalies.

*Wattle stops and recomposes herself.*

**Wattle:** I read Aprek's report... I know why you're like this now. We can get you help. I've seen the things you're having done to these SCPs... There are very skilled doct-

**Baltner:** There is no fucking SCP! 

*Baltner deeply inhales, then exhales, before continuing.*

**Baltner:** I'm just doing what needs to be done Wattle, I'm sorry if you feel otherwise.

##red|He sounds just like all the cold-hearted bastards he promised never to be like when we founded 188.##

**Wattle:** What needs to be done? Are you fucking serious? You've completely reversed all our policies, Baltner. This isn't you!

*Wattle pauses for a moment before continuing.*

**Wattle:** This isn't just a radical departure from what this site was founded on Baltner, it's making the SCP's we'd managed to stabilize uncooperative. If "containment" was really your reason for... all *this* then you'd-

**Baltner:** If we can't keep a leash on these SCP's then what good is any of it? I just had a meeting with the security chief and site analyst; our changes are projected to reduce incidents by up to 83%. 

**Wattle:** They aren't *our* changes.

**Baltner:** You're exactly right. *I* am the site director, and *I* have the authority to make these decisions. I am the one people blame when things go wrong. 

**Wattle:** No. That's not-

*Baltner pushes himself out of the chair and leans over Wattle, pointing at his chest.*

**Baltner:** I'm the one who has to help identify the dead staff! Not you! You have no fucking clue! I can't even shut my fucking eyes without seeing their faces.

**Wattle:** I'm sorry... I-

*Baltner pauses, before slumping back down into his chair and looking back at Willow.*

**Baltner:** If we're in control of the anomalies, our staff are safe.

*Wattle voice booms in response.*

**Wattle:** They aren't our enemies! You're sure as hell *making* them our enemies with the way you're doing things now. Don't even get me started on that propaganda crap I've been seeing plastered all over the site. 

*Wattle gestures to the door.*

**Wattle:** "Safety, control, pacification" are you fucking kidding me? They aren't all fucking murder monsters, Baltner, and when you paint things that way... people will start acting like *that's* how things *are*... and then they *are* like that.  This whole thing, this site, was about proving we don't need the Foundation-issue iron fist to contain SCPs, if-

*Baltner matches Wattle and begins to shout back.*

**Baltner:** How's that worked out so far? What do we have to show for the past five years? 3 breaches, 52 staff losses, the Foundation breathing down our necks-

**Wattle:** You promised me that no matter-

**Baltner:** It's over! We tried, and people got hurt. It's time we wake up and face the music.

*Wattle stands up and begins to leave the room, before turning back to Baltner, who is watching her leave.*

**Wattle:** Is there a *we* anymore?

**Addenda 6-8 have been added subsequent to the seizure of this file to reflect the official investigation by the O5 council.**

**Addendum 9399.06** 

 **Staff Resignation** 

---

**Date:** 30/09/2025

**To:** theodore.baltner@scip.net.188

**From:** olivia.wattle@scip.net.188

**Subject:** Resignation

---

Theo,

I feel like I don't know who you are anymore, ever since that breach. You've given up on everything we fought so hard to build. You scrapped the GCC without even talking to me. You've revised all the containment procedures in just a few days. 

Most of the staff have chalked it up to guilt; they think you're finally giving up on SCPs because those losses are weighing on you, or have somehow pressed you back into the Foundation's mold, but I don't believe that. This isn't the first incident like this, so if you were ever going to turn away from your beliefs in the face of adversity, you would've done it a long time ago. Whatever it is, whatever's changed in you, it's made you like all the rest.

I'm not going to stay around to watch you finish tearing down everything we've spent the last five years building. 

Olivia Wattle,

Site-188 Assistant Director 

SECURE. CONTAIN. PROTECT.

PS: They seized it, all the files, everything I'd been putting together to document what has been happening to you. Don't worry, nobody can help fix you anymore; you can carry on as you are.

@@ @@

**Addendum 9399.07** 

 **Site-188 Containment Review** 

---

**Date:** 27/11/2025

**Incident:** 

**Note:** The following transcript was written by an Alpha-1 (Red Right-Hand) agent who was undercover as an escort to Sarah Vlarod, the ethics liaison reviewing Site-188's containment revisions.

---

[Begin Transcript]

*Director Baltner leads regional security director James Donaldson and Sarah Valentino through the halls of Site-188. Each of their personal escorts and secretaries trail closely behind.*

**Director Donaldson:** Baltner, I must say, this complete 180 has done your site well. In all honesty, I  wasn't quite sure whether this would be worth my time when regional command reached out to ask us to all come down here. 

**Liaison Valentino:** I'm still not sold on it Baltner, I'm really not.

**Director Baltner:**  Thanks to the changes, Site-188 now ranks second in staff safety across all Foundation sites. Staff injury and fatalities are down 82% since the changes.

**Liaison Valentino:** And research? 

**Director Baltner:** Research has... taken something of a hit, but nothing is without cost, Valentino.

**Liaison Valentino:** How did you manage to convince Wattle?

**Director Baltner:** I didn't... We've... parted ways. She was firm on maintaining our previous approach to containment, but after what happened, I just couldn't justify how we were doing things. Something snapped, and then I knew things needed to change.

**Liaison Valentino:** It's a shame. I mean by all means I *should* be impressed with your numbers here, but I guess I saw promise in what you were trying to do here.

*Nobody speaks for several seconds.*

**Director Donaldson:** Well, I dare say you won't be having any issues with security audits anymore. 

**Director Baltner:** Flying colours Donaldson, a perfect 189. 

*Baltner stops.*

**Director Baltner:** Here we are!

*Baltner walks over to a doorway and swipes his key card. An electronic sound chimes, and the door slides open.*

**Director Baltner:** Please, come in.

*The other visitors enter Baltner into the room. They are met by the containment chamber housing a cyborg. The cyborg is sitting slumped against a wall with its head hanging down. Director Baltner closes the door behind them.*

**Director Baltner:** This one caused us quite some trouble, but we've got it figured out now.

*Baltner gestures to a large electrical device mounted to the containment chamber's roof. The other directors look up at it.*

**Director Baltner:** Generates a constant electromagnetic pulse, almost completely immobilising it, outside of testing that is. Now it doesn't have a chance to use all those fancy gadgets of theirs. A complete neutralisation of any threat he poses.

**Liaison Valentino:** Is he... conscious?

**Director Baltner:** Yes.

*Liaison Valentino does not reply, instead staring at SCP-Λ-3327.*

**Director Donaldson:** Well Baltner, I must say I'm taking some mental notes here, this is... brilliant really.

**Director Baltner:** Thank you, Donaldson. Now, Valentino, I assure you the process does no lasting damage to it; allow me to prove it.

*Director Baltner walks over to a large switch on the wall of the observation chamber and pulls it down. A low, sinking electric noise is heard as the system powers off. SCP-Λ-3327 suddenly cocks his head up.*

**SCP-Λ-3327:** I'll never do it again. I won't- I promise, please.

*SCP-Λ-3327's breathing quickly becomes ragged before they begin to violently cry. Baltner places his hand on the switch and begins to push it up.*

**SCP-Λ-3327:** PLEASE NO, DONT-.

*SCP-Λ-3327 starts to dash towards the observation window, but is cut off as Baltner reactivates the system. SCP-Λ-3327 crashes down onto the floor.*

**Liaison Valentino:** Baltner, this is wrong.

**Director Baltner:** They're secured, contained and protected, Valentino. What do you think happens if they get out? To the staff, to themselves? Come with me, there's one last one I want to show you before you go.

*Baltner opens the door and leads the group back in the hallway. The group then proceeds down the hallway.*

**Director Donaldson:** Well I guess we can't joke about you being an agent for the Serpent's Hand anymore Baltner. 

**Director Baltner:** Right. Thanks for that input, Donaldson.

*Director Baltner stops at the entrance to another SCP's chamber.*

**Director Baltner:** Here we are.

*Baltner opens the door and leads the visitors into the observation chamber. Baltner steps in after them and closes the door behind him. On the other side of the glass is a two-meter-tall Venus flytrap. Its shape is vaguely humanoid, and where a human's arms would be are two long, vine-like appendages.*

**Director Baltner:** We tried for the longest time to "facilitate" its growth. Careful pruning, growth reduction agents, a climate-controlled containment chamber, the whole lot. We... lost 3 staff doing that, killed when it woke up during the hour-long weekly trimming. We don't do that anymore.

*SCP-Σ-495 begins to shift in place, its fly-trap head looking around the room. Its head snaps onto the observation chamber window. SCP-Σ-495 suddenly uproots itself and begins to move toward the window, walking on its roots.*

**Director Donaldson:** How does it know we're here? 

**Director Baltner:** We don't quite know that ourselves, somehow it senses movement and sound around it, something to do with its roots. 

*SCP-Σ-495 begins to violently slam its root arms against the observation chamber's window. As it impacts against the window, a high-pitched alarm begins to blare, and a heavy steel shutter descends over the window. Several moments later, two guards rush into the containment chamber, one armed with a flamethrower and the other with a pole saw. The guard with the pole saw begins to cut off roots, while the other keeps SCP-Σ-495 at bay with their flamethrower.*

**Director Baltner:** Had this been any other site, that would've been a breach, that would've been staff casualties, an MTF callout, the whole deal.

*Director Donaldson points at Director Baltner.*

**Director Donaldson:** Quite right Baltner, quite right.

**Liaison Valentino:** What about engineering measures Baltner?

**Director Baltner:** We both know those only get you so far Anderson, there comes a point with these things where you need to stop trying to accommodate them, and start making them fall into line, for everyone's sake.

[End transcript]

**Addendum 9399.08** 

 **O5 Council Meeting Transcript** 

---

**Date:** 30/11/2025

**Notes:** The following meeting was called following after the embedded Alpha-1 agent finalised their report.

---

[Begin Transcript]

**O5-4:** The agent we embedded into Valentino's escort for her visit to Site-188 finalised their report this morning.

**O5-1:** And?

**O5-4:** Operative Keel's report found "inconclusive data to prove the theory that Director Baltner's ongoing policy reforms are, as the file suggests, the result of anomalous influence".

**O5-1:** So what? Wattle chalked it up to an SCP because...

**O5-13:** She probably believed it *was* an SCP. 

**O5-1:** Right.

**O5-4:** I guess that makes proceeding fairly simple then. I've scoped out a few potential replacements for Baltner. We can pull Baltner from his duties until we can prove without a doubt that there is no SCP-9399.

**O5-1:** Hold on, you've said yourself that these changes have "drastically improved" Site-188's safety and containment efficacy.

**O5-13:** He's clearly not fit to lead One, a change that drastic, if it's NOT anomalous, means he's clearly...

**O5-1:** Seeing things clearly now? Taken his head out of the clouds?

**O5-13:** You can't be serious...

**O5-1:** Staff injury and fatalities down by 82%, containment incident risk down by 83%. Those numbers speak for themselves.

**O5-13:** You and your fucking numbers.

**O5-1:** Numbers reflect results. My "fucking numbers" show that we are doing our jobs; that the Foundation is serving its purpose. Look, if I could send Alpha-1 down to 188 and have them pop a magical pill into his mouth that reversed all this, I'd have that done.

**O5-13:** Don't start pretending you care.

**O5-1:** I do care, Thirteen, but there's a reason the Foundation's iron fist is worn by so many, and it's not because its "right", it's because it achieves results. We can't undo what happened to him, but we can stop incidents like that from happening again if we step away and leave Baltner to pick up the pieces.

= **O5 COUNCIL VOTING SUMMARY**

= COUNCIL VOTE SUMMARY:

| YEA | NAY | ABSTAIN |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O5-1 | O5-8 | O5-4 |
| O5-2 | O5-13 | O5-11 |
| O5-3 |  |  |
| O5-5 |  |  |
| O5-6 |  |  |
| O5-7 |  |  |
| O5-9 |  |  |
| O5-10 |  |  |
| O5-12 |  |  |
@@ @@

| STATUS |
| --- |
| ##32a125|Proposal accepted## |

[End Transcript]

<< [SCP-9398](SCP-9398) | **SCP-9399** | [SCP-9400](SCP-9400) >>

> **Filename:** Flamethrower

> **Author:** Spc. Daniel Herrera

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Defense.gov_photo_essay_080911-A-8725H-067.jpg

@media (min-width: 1450px) {

  .note-left, .note-right {

    transform: translatey(-100%);

  }

}
