**Item #:** SCP-9056

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Reports of SCP-9056's manifestation are to be written off as guerilla marketing for a canceled *Cloverfield* film. Any footage of the object is to be taken down under cover story CC-1221 ("Copyright Claims").

SCP-9056 is currently contained in a standard containment chamber at [Site-311](scp-2910-jp).

**Description:** SCP-9056 is an amorphous mass fluctuating between 1 and 2 meters in height which levitates approximately 1.5 meters off the ground at all times. Its surface constantly displays an ever-changing array of images, the meaning of which is currently unknown. The object is sentient and capable of telepathic communication within a range of 5 meters.

**Discovery:** SCP-9056 was originally discovered when it manifested in downtown Manhattan, USA on April 2nd, 2024. Though there was a minor panic when SCP-9056 was initially observed by bystanders, most civilians quickly resumed their routine even after SCP-9056 communicated with them. It is unknown how long the object remained *in situ* before being detected by Foundation plants in the area, however, due to New York City's Native Unusuality Reading, the use of amnestics was opted against.

**Interview Log 8056.22:** The following document is an interaction between SCP-9056 and Researcher Mallory. This interaction was routine as per Ethics Committee Dictate 7.26.D Dictate 7.26.D declares that all non-dangerous or breach-inclined anomalies are to be spoken to by designated Foundation personnel in order to maintain their social skills and keep them from becoming withdrawn. .

= **<BEGIN LOG>**

*[Mallory enters SCP-9056's chamber. She approaches it and smiles. SCP-9056 continues to display contextually unknown images across the surface of its body.]*

**Mallory:** Hello, 9056.

**SCP-9056:** {{HELLO.}}

**Mallory:** How are you doing today?

**SCP-9056:** {{CONFUSED.}}

**Mallory:** What's got you confused?

**SCP-9056:** {{YOU DO NOT FEAR ME.}}

**Mallory:** Are we supposed to? *[Mallory folds her arms.]*

**SCP-9056:** {{YES.}}

**Mallory:** Well, to be honest, at first we were concerned you were broadcasting memetic hazards, but once we ruled that out we just kind of assumed you were just a weird blob that shows weirder pictures. That's nothing to be scared about.

**SCP-9056:** {{AS I UNDERSTAND IT, YOUR ORGANIZATION DEALS IN MY KIND OF HORRORS. CORRECT?}}

**Mallory:** I suppose so.

**SCP-9056:** {{SO IT IS SAFE TO ASSUME YOU WOULD NOT BE FEARFUL. HOWEVER, THE CIVILIANS I ENCOUNTERED DID NOT FEAR ME EITHER.}}

**Mallory:** This is New York, sweetheart. If you want people's attention you've gotta really try.

**SCP-9056:** {{BUT I SHOW YOU HORRORS OF THE DISTANT FUTURE.}}

**Mallory:** Yeah, you've said that before. But none of what you're showing us looks like... well... anything.

**SCP-9056:** {{PERHAPS I AM TOO SOFT IN MY DELIVERY METHOD.}}

*[SCP-9056 levitates 2 meters off the ground and emits a red light while continuing to display images of unknown context.]*

**SCP-9056:** {{FEAR ME, MORTAL.}}

*[Mallory shields her eyes.]*

**Mallory:** Ah!

**SCP-9056:** {{YES! IT IS WORKING! NOW YOU KNOW WHAT AWAITS YOU! NOW YOU KNOW THAT YOU MUST CHANGE YOUR WAYS, OR FACE HORRORS BEYOND YOUR COMPREHENSION!}}

**Mallory:** I think that's your problem. You're showing us things that we just don't understand, so we can't really be scared of them.

*[SCP-9056 comes back down to its average levitation height of 1.5 meters and ceases emitting light.]*

**SCP-9056:** {{... I MUST PONDER. TAKE YOUR LEAVE, MORTAL.}}

**Mallory:** Sure thing, 9056. Take it easy.

= **<END LOG>**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-9055](SCP-9055) | SCP-9056 | [SCP-9057](SCP-9057) >>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

]
