.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    12% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: blue; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

<html>

<head>

<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">

<style>

body {font-family: Verdana;}

* {

    box-sizing: border-box;

}

 

.input-container {

    display: -ms-flexbox; /* IE10 */

    display: flex;

    width: 100%;

    margin-bottom: 15px;

 

}

 

.input-field:focus{

    border-style: solid;

    transition: 0.5;

    border-color: maroon;

    border-width: 2px;

}

 

.input-field {

    width: 100%;

    padding: 10px;

    outline: none;

    transition: 0.5s;

}

::placeholder {

  color: cyan;

  font-size: 14px;

  font-style: italic;

  opacity: 0.7;

}

 

.btn:focus {

    outline: 0;

}

.btn {

    background-color: darkblue;

    color: cyan;

    padding: 10px 20px;

    border: none;

    cursor: pointer;

    width: 50%;

    opacity: 0.9;

    transition: 0.09s;

    border-radius: 3px;

    transition: 0.8s; text-align: center;

}

 

.btn:hover {

    opacity: 1;

    transition: 0.8s;

    box-shadow: 0 2px 4px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.7);

}

 

.btn:active {

    transition: 0.09s;

    transform: translateY(1px);

    box-shadow: 0 0px 0px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0);

}

 

.btn2 {

    background-color: blue;

    border: none;

    cursor: pointer; color: cyan;

}

 

p {

    font-family: Helvetica;

    margin-bottom: 5%;

}

</style>

</head>

<body>

 

<form autocomplete="off" style="max-width:450px;text-align:center;margin: auto;">

<p style="font-size:55px; font-weight: bold; background-color:blue; color:cyan;">SCiPNET LOGIN</p>

  <div class="input-container">

    <input class="input-field" type="text" placeholder="Username" name="usrnm" style="color: white; background-color: darkblue;">

  </div>

 

  <div class="input-container">

    <input onkeyup="if(this.value.length > 0) document.getElementById('start_button').disabled = false; else document.getElementById('start_button').disabled = true;" class="input-field" type="password" placeholder="Password" style="background-color: darkblue; color: white;">

  </div>

 

   <button type="button" id="start_button" class="btn btn-success" onclick="window.open('https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/scp-9602')" disabled> Login</button>

 

</br>

   <button style="font-weight: bold;" class="btn2 btn-success"> Forgot password?</button>

 

</form>

</body>

</html>

Average Rating %%rating%% from %%rating_votes%% votes

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 3/9602 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 3/9602 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

[[collapsible hideLocation="both" show="[ENTER LEVEL 3 SECURITY CLEARANCE CREDENTIALS]" hide="[CREDENTIALS ACCEPTED]"]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:anomaly-class-bar-source">:scp-wiki:component:anomaly-class-bar-source</a>

|item-number= scp-9602

|clearance= 3

|container-class= ~~euclid~~ keter

|secondary-class= [redacted]

|secondary-icon= https://example.com

|disruption-class= ~~vlam~~  ekhi

|risk-class= ~~notice~~ danger 

]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~SCP-9602 is contained within a standard 115 m X 100 m X 120 m humanoid containment cell, albeit with some modifications.~~

~~Her containment cell is surrounded by three Scranton Reality Anchors with the thaumaturgical symbol 'Kathrakh''Kathrakh' is a thaumaturgical symbol seen in both Ortothan and Mekhanite traditions. This symbol protects pieces of technology from both anomalous and non-anomalous degradation.The symbol looks like a circumscribed decagonal with all diagonals drawn on top, and [REDACTED] at its center. carved into each of the three devices. The SRAs must be replaced once every three months. The chamber walls are lined with five layers of titanium, capable of withstanding heavy impact damage. The surveillance camera placed in her cell is equipped with the AI-powered cognitohazard-filtering software CYPHER.AIC. All personnel entering her containment cell are required to wear Dr. Anna █████'s Advanced Sentient Eye Shield From Visual Cognitohazards.~~

~~Testing is permitted only after the approval of either Lead Researcher Dr. Anna █████ or any three personnel with Level 3 or higher Security Clearance.~~

~~Should SCP-9602 breach containment, MTF Alpha-9 must be deployed immediately to bring her back into containment.~~ 

As of August 30^^th^^, ████, SCP-9602 has been on the loose, after breaching containment on March 11^^th^^, ████, after increasing substantially in both physical size and anomalous capabilities. The Foundation has been unable to bring her back into containment, and efforts have been redirected to distributing mass amnestics to wipe out any public knowledge of SCP-9602. Should SCP-9602 begin a violent rampage, MTF Nu-7 and MTF Tau-5 must be deployed immediately to mitigate civilian deaths and collateral damage.

**Description:** SCP-9602 is a female humanoid entity who is ~~356 cm~~ several kilometers tall and weighs ~~143 kg~~ an unknown amount. Her skin is brown and her hair is brunette. However, she does not have discernible facial features. She also possesses ~~two~~ six wings: ~~one~~ three red and ~~one~~ three golden. She possesses a black horn on one side of her head, and a rainbow halo on the other. Which side possesses which is variable. 

The lack of observable facial features seems to be an anomalous effect of observing SCP-9602, rather than the literal absence of a face, as a vaguely humanoid facial structure can be observed when using visual cognitohazard filtering technology to view her facial region. 

It is important to note that, although cognitohazard filtering technology can nullify most of SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects, no device has been capable of making her facial features crystal clear, as of June 12^^th^^, ████.

Despite being unclear, SCP-9602's face does exist, which has been proven by conducting tests utilizing thermal imaging to capture an image in a way that wouldn't trigger the visual cognitohazard. 

Besides the lack of clarity of her face, SCP-9602 also exhibits eight different cognitohazardous effects, a list of which can be found in **Test Log-9602-06**.

SCP-9602 also possesses ~~minor~~ potent reality-warping capabilities that ~~can be suppressed by the use of Hume Field-based reality stabilizing technology like the Scranton Reality Anchor~~ cannot be suppressed by any reality stabilizing technology currently available to the SCP Foundation. She can degrade such technology by unknown means. ~~This degradation can be slowed down by carving the thaumaturgical symbol 'Kathrakh' into the devices being used.~~ 

SCP-9602 is capable of manifesting two swords at will, one radiating holy light, and the other, hellish inferno. She is fully immune to both dark magic and holy relics, though either evil or holy beings of her power are still capable of hurting her. ~~However, she can be temporarily injured by heavy arms fire, though she regenerates from her injuries slowly.~~ Any type of weapon, conventional or anomalous, is unable to do any damage to her. This includes heavy artillery, Foundation weaponry, GOC weaponry, etc.

---

**Addendum 1**: SCP-9602 was first discovered by MTF Zeta-9 while conducting routine monitoring of another anomaly in [REDACTED], California, USA, on April 2^^nd^^, ████. At the time of discovery, she was 210 cm in height, and 143 kg in weight. She was brought to Site-19 for containment without much difficulty. Dr. Anna █████ was assigned as the Lead Researcher on the case of SCP-9602.

Since SCP-9602 had first been contained, a series of tests was conducted on her by various researchers.

**Test Log-9602-01**: A full physical examination, from a blood test to an MRI scan, was conducted by Dr. Anna █████, and the following results have been recorded:  

1. The blood test results were inconclusive, as she did not possess blood analogous to that of any known terrestrial organism. However, an unknown coordination complex was discovered in her circulatory fluid, which seems to have healing properties. Research is ongoing on the substance, now nicknamed "Regeneration Compound". It is believed that research into it might help Foundation scientists develop better recovery medication for injured personnel. 

2. The X-Ray revealed that she possesses 567 bones which were ten times denser than the average *Homo sapiens*. It was also discovered that her bone matrix was made up of an unknown metal, rather than calcium, which is commonly found in members of the phylum Chordata.

3. MRI scans, ultrasounds, and CT scans have revealed that she lacks most internal organs, except a brain and a heart, both of which are made up of a mix of proteins, lipids, and four types of unknown biomolecules. 73.4% of her brain is adipose tissue, substantiated by tests conducted on tissue samples.

4. It has been discovered that she does not need food or water for sustenance. 

5. All attempts to construct her full genome have been unsuccessful. 

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> *Apparently, SCP-9602 cannot be scientifically classified using our current knowledge of taxonomy.*

**Test Log-9602-02**: A cognitive evaluation of SCP-9602 was conducted by Dr. Simon Glass, and the following results were recorded: 

1. SCP-9602 has high-level language competence. She is fluent in English, Latin, and Hebrew. 

2. SCP-9602 has an in-depth sense of personal self, and gender identity, consistently identifying as female. This shows sentience and higher-order sapience.

3. SCP-9602 has demonstrated mathematical skills consistent with university-level mathematics. 

4. Her IQ was calculated to be around 134. 

5. Dr. Glass noted SCP-9602's emotionally unstable state while conducting these tests. 

**Note From Dr. Simon Glass**: 

> *SCP-9602 seems to be performing higher-order cognitive tasks pretty easily, but has very low EQ.*

**Test Log-9602-04**: An attempt at capturing a picture of SCP-9602 was made by Dr. Agatha Rights. She first tried doing so with her special camera equipped with CYPHER.AIC. However, SCP-9602's face was still vastly blurry. Dr. Rights changed her tactics, and switched to thermal imaging. It was discovered that SCP-9602 did, in fact, have a face. 

**Test Log-9602-05**: This test was conducted by Dr. Anna  █████ to assess the extent of SCP-9602's reality warping capabilities. 

1. SCP-9602 was asked to change the color of Dr. Anna █████'s lab coat from white to pink. SCP-9602 was able to perform the assigned task immediately. 

2. Next, Dr. Anna █████ arranged five spherical objects in a straight line, each sphere 50 m apart from the preceding and succeeding spheres, with the first sphere placed in SCP-9602's hands. She was asked to turn each sphere into a cube. She was able to perform the task successfully for the first three spheres, indicating that her field of reality warping spans across a radius of 100 m. However, the range had been drastically altered after Incident-9602-914. 

3. Dr. Anna █████ was curious to see whether SCP-9602 could affect living beings. A male D-Class personnel by the designation D-9602-07 was selected for experimentation. 

3.1. SCP-9602 was asked to turn D-9602-07 into a dog, which she was able to do successfully. 

3.2. Then, she was asked to immediately turn him into a rock, which she was able to do, but it seemed to cause her some distress that resembled guilt. 

4. Next, SCP-9602 was asked to manifest several objects, including: a phone, a burger, a pen, a couch, and a complex geometrical shape. All tests were successful. 

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> *She seems to have some reality warping capabilities and proper control over said capabilities.*

**Test Log-9602-06**: A joint team of scientists, comprising Dr. Anna █████, Dr. Agatha Rights, Dr. Cindy Kowell, Dr. Robert McCarthy, and Dr. Dan, led by Dr. Anna █████, conducted a series of experiments on five groups of D-Class test subjects, comprising five members each, to learn more about SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects. 

**Subject D-9602-01**: Subject was instructed to look at SCP-9602 with the naked eye. They experienced vision loss that lasted three days, along with a light headache and unexplained healing of scars on their face.

**Subjects D-9602-02 and D-9602-03**: The researchers were curious as to how SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects might impact multiple subjects at once, so D-9602-02 and D-9602-03 were instructed to observe the anomaly. D-9602-02 reported recurring nightmares of an eldritch god clad in bloodstained armor, and an uncharacteristically altruistic mindset. D-9602-03 experienced discoloration of the skin, and a light headache. Both subjects had vivid hallucinations correctly predicting Hurricane Maria. 

**Subject-9602-04**: The researchers wanted to confirm whether SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects were limited to visual perception only. They introduced D-9602-04, a blind test subject, to SCP-9602's containment cell. Subject reported no anomalous effects. 

**Subject-9602-05:** Subject was instructed to look at SCP-9602. Subject was red/green color-blind, and the researchers wanted to know whether SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects were limited by the observer's ability to perceive certain wavelengths of light. Subject experienced discoloration of skin, and hallucinations predicting [DATA EXPUNGED]. Five minutes later, subject became aggressive and attempted to free SCP-9602 from containment by tampering with the Scranton Reality Anchors being used to keep her contained. Subject was unsuccessful in their attempt and was swiftly terminated. 

The same tests were repeated on the remaining four groups of five D-Class test subjects each, and a list of cognitohazardous effects was established: 

1. Temporary loss of vision, which lasts up to three days.

2. Inclination towards altruism and compassion, regardless of prior ideologies.

3. Strange recurring nightmares of a crimson-clad antagonistic warrior that may last up to a year.

4. Discoloration of the skin.

5. Unexpected healing of injuries.

6. A light headache that may last up to a week.

7. Hallucinations that accurately predict natural disasters that are due to occur in the next five years. 

8. An uncontrollable urge to release SCP-9602 from containment.

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> *SCP-9602 has several cognitohazardous effects, and each observer faces three of the eight effects we've discovered.*

**Note From Dr. Agatha Rights**: 

> *Certain effects are manifested more frequently than others.*

**Note From Dr. Robert McCarthy**:

> *SCP-9602 seems to be some sort of paradox, as she produces both beneficial and harmful effects to those who observe her.*

---

**Addendum 2**: 

A series of cross-tests were conducted to see how SCP-9602 reacts with other anomalies.

**Cross-test-343**: Dr. Anna █████ introduced SCP-9602 to SCP-343, upon which, SCP-343 told SCP-9602 a secret that was unable to be recorded by Foundation personnel. SCP-9602 refused to disclose what SCP-343 had told her. Since then, SCP-9602 had been gradually growing in power. 

**Cross-test-682**: [DATA EXPUNGED]. Testing on SCP-9602 was suspended indefinitely after this cross-test. 

---

**Addendum 3**: 

Only one interview of SCP-9602 was conducted, and it was conducted by Dr. Anna  █████. 

**Interview Log**:

**Interviewer**: Dr. Anna █████

**Interviewed**: SCP-9602

**Foreword**: The interview was conducted with the aim of learning more about SCP-9602's past.

{{<Start Log>}}

> **Dr. Anna █████**: *Hello, SCP-9602. My first question for you is... Do you have a name?*

> **SCP-9602**: *Yeah... It's [REDACTED].*

**Dr. Anna █████**: *Tell me about your past.*

**SCP-9602**: [DATA EXPUNGED]

**Dr. Anna █████**: [DATA EXPUNGED]

**SCP-9602**: [DATA EXPUNGED]

{{<End Log>}}

**Closing Statement**: [DATA EXPUNGED]

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> [DATA EXPUNGED]

---

**Addendum 4**: 

Following are the incident logs regarding SCP-9602. 

**Incident-9602-001**: SCP-9602 had breached containment after a technical failure in one of the Scranton Reality Anchors used in her containment cell. During this incident, she was first observed manifesting her swords to battle the guards. MTF Alpha-9 was deployed and was able to bring her back into containment. 

**Incident-9602-002**: On 14^^th^^ November, ████, SCP-9602 was shown growing substantially in size. The interior of the building was altered into Non-Euclidean geometry. It was later confirmed that the alteration had been made by SCP-9602, suggesting that her range of effect was growing. 

**Incident-9602-914**: On [REDACTED], SCP-9602 was able to breach containment during an SCP-682 containment breach, by melting the Scranton Reality Anchors keeping her contained, through unknown means. 

SCP-9602 was able to reach SCP-914, despite SCP personnel's best efforts. She set the dial to 'Very Fine' and went inside the Intake Booth. Due to her regenerative abilities, SCP-914 was not able to unmake and remake her. This caused the machine to be obliterated, but it has refined her nonetheless. She became several kilometers tall, and her reality warping has become extremely potent. 

She was confronted by SCP-682. She used her dual swords to battle the anomaly, and reduced it to 1% of its initial size before moving on. SCP-682 regenerated to its full size by the end of the week, but developed a phobia of SCP-9602. 

**Incident-9602-003**: After Incident-9602-914, SCP-9602 was seen committing violence against civilians using her anomalous capabilities. A joint Mobile Task Force of MTF Nu-7 and MTF Tau-5 operatives was required to stop her rampage and force her out of major population centers by means of meticulously calculated tactics, since she had become completely impervious to all weapons. The Foundation reached out to the Global Occult Coalition for help, but they couldn't bring her back into containment, even with their combined efforts. SCP-9602 was observed approaching the intersection of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, apparently to confront Clef's Proposal for SCP-001 for an unknown purpose.

---

# Revised Document (Revision 1):

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 4/9602 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 4/9602 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

[[collapsible hideLocation="both" show="[ENTER LEVEL 4 SECURITY CLEARANCE CREDENTIALS]" hide="[CREDENTIALS ACCEPTED]"]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:anomaly-class-bar-source">:scp-wiki:component:anomaly-class-bar-source</a>

|item-number= scp-9602

|clearance= 4

|container-class= ~~euclid~~ ~~keter~~ safe

|secondary-class= [redacted]

|secondary-icon= https://example.com

|disruption-class= dark

|risk-class= notice 

]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** There is no way to contain SCP-9602. However, it is unnecessary to contain her, as she does not intend to harm any form of non-anomalous life, nor does she deliberately attempt to make civilians aware of her existence. The Foundation's efforts have been redirected to preventing any information regarding SCP-9602 from reaching the general public. 

**Description:** SCP-9602 is a female humanoid entity who is several kilometers tall and weighs an unknown amount. Her skin is brown and her hair is brunette. However, she does not have discernible facial features. She also possesses six wings: three red and three golden. She possesses a black horn on one side of her head, and a rainbow halo on the other. Which side possesses which is variable. 

The lack of observable facial features seems to be an anomalous effect of observing SCP-9602, rather than the literal absence of a face, as a vaguely humanoid facial structure can be observed when using visual cognitohazard filtering technology to view her facial region. 

It is important to note that, although cognitohazard filtering technology can nullify most of SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects, no device has been capable of making her facial features crystal clear, as of June 12^^th^^, ████.

Despite being unclear, SCP-9602's face does exist, which has been proven by conducting tests utilizing thermal imaging to capture an image in a way that wouldn't trigger the visual cognitohazard. 

Besides the lack of clarity of her face, SCP-9602 also exhibits eight different cognitohazardous effects, a list of which can be found in **Test Log-9602-06**.

SCP-9602 releases a huge amount of Akiva RadiationAkiva Radiation is a form of electromagnetic radiation emitted by anomalous entities of a "divine" nature.

SCP-9602 also possesses potent reality-warping capabilities that cannot be suppressed by any reality stabilizing technology currently available to the SCP Foundation. She can degrade such technology by unknown means. 

SCP-9602 is capable of manifesting two swords at will, one radiating holy light, and the other, hellish inferno. She is fully immune to both dark magic and holy relics, though beings of comparable power, whether holy or otherwise, are still capable of hurting her. Any type of weapon, conventional or anomalous, is unable to do any damage to her. This includes heavy artillery, Foundation weaponry, GOC weaponry, etc. Engaging her in any sort of combat is not necessary due to her benevolent nature towards non-anomalous forms of life. 

---

**Addendum 1**: SCP-9602 was first discovered by MTF Zeta-9 while conducting routine monitoring of another anomaly in [REDACTED], California, USA, on April 2^^nd^^, ████. At the time of discovery, she was 210 cm in height, and 143 kg in weight. She was brought to Site-19 for containment without much difficulty. Dr. Anna █████ was assigned as the Lead Researcher on the case of SCP-9602.

Since SCP-9602 had first been contained, a series of tests was conducted on her by various researchers.

**Test Log-9602-01**: A full physical examination, from a blood test to an MRI scan, was conducted by Dr. Anna █████, and the following results have been recorded:  

1. The blood test results were inconclusive, as she did not possess blood analogous to that of any known terrestrial organism. However, an unknown coordination complex was discovered in her circulatory fluid, which seems to have healing properties. Research is ongoing on the substance, now nicknamed "Regeneration Compound". It is believed that research into it might help Foundation scientists develop better recovery medication for injured personnel. 

2. The X-Ray revealed that she possesses 567 bones which were ten times denser than the average *Homo sapiens*. It was also discovered that her bone matrix was made up of an unknown metal, rather than calcium, which is commonly found in members of the phylum Chordata.

3. MRI scans, ultrasounds, and CT scans have revealed that she lacks most internal organs, except a brain and a heart, both of which are made up of a mix of proteins, lipids, and four types of unknown biomolecules. 73.4% of her brain is adipose tissue, substantiated by tests conducted on tissue samples.

4. It has been discovered that she does not need food or water for sustenance. 

5. All attempts to construct her full genome have been unsuccessful. 

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> *Apparently, SCP-9602 cannot be scientifically classified using our current knowledge of taxonomy.*

**Test Log-9602-02**: A cognitive evaluation of SCP-9602 was conducted by Dr. Simon Glass, and the following results were recorded: 

1. SCP-9602 has high-level language competence. She is fluent in English, Latin, and Hebrew. 

2. SCP-9602 has an in-depth sense of personal self, and gender identity, consistently identifying as female. This shows sentience and higher-order sapience.

3. SCP-9602 has demonstrated mathematical skills consistent with university-level mathematics. 

4. Her IQ was calculated to be around 134. 

5. Dr. Glass noted SCP-9602's emotionally unstable state while conducting these tests. 

**Note From Dr. Simon Glass**: 

> *SCP-9602 seems to be performing higher-order cognitive tasks pretty easily, but has very low EQ.*

**Test Log-9602-04**: An attempt at capturing a picture of SCP-9602 was made by Dr. Agatha Rights. She first tried doing so with her special camera equipped with CYPHER.AIC. However, SCP-9602's face was still vastly blurry. Dr. Rights changed her tactics, and switched to thermal imaging. It was discovered that SCP-9602 did, in fact, have a face. 

**Test Log-9602-05**: This test was conducted by Dr. Anna  █████ to assess the extent of SCP-9602's reality warping capabilities. 

1. SCP-9602 was asked to change the color of Dr. Anna █████'s lab coat from white to pink. SCP-9602 was able to perform the assigned task immediately. 

2. Next, Dr. Anna █████ arranged five spherical objects in a straight line, each sphere 50 m apart from the preceding and succeeding spheres, with the first sphere placed in SCP-9602's hands. She was asked to turn each sphere into a cube. She was able to perform the task successfully for the first three spheres, indicating that her field of reality warping spans across a radius of 100 m. However, the range had been drastically altered after Incident-9602-914. 

3. Dr. Anna █████ was curious to see whether SCP-9602 could affect living beings. A male D-Class personnel by the designation D-9602-07 was selected for experimentation. 

3.1. SCP-9602 was asked to turn D-9602-07 into a dog, which she was able to do successfully. 

3.2. Then, she was asked to immediately turn him into a rock, which she was able to do, but it seemed to cause her some distress that resembled guilt. 

4. Next, SCP-9602 was asked to manifest several objects, including: a phone, a burger, a pen, a couch, and a complex geometrical shape. All tests were successful. 

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> *She seems to have some reality warping capabilities and proper control over said capabilities.*

**Test Log-9602-06**: A joint team of scientists, comprising Dr. Anna █████, Dr. Agatha Rights, Dr. Cindy Kowell, Dr. Robert McCarthy, and Dr. Dan, led by Dr. Anna █████, conducted a series of experiments on five groups of D-Class test subjects, comprising five members each, to learn more about SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects. 

**Subject D-9602-01**: Subject was instructed to look at SCP-9602 with the naked eye. They experienced vision loss that lasted three days, along with a light headache and unexplained healing of scars on their face.

**Subjects D-9602-02 and D-9602-03**: The researchers were curious as to how SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects might impact multiple subjects at once, so D-9602-02 and D-9602-03 were instructed to observe the anomaly. D-9602-02 reported recurring nightmares of an eldritch god clad in bloodstained armor, and an uncharacteristically altruistic mindset. D-9602-03 experienced discoloration of the skin, and a light headache. Both subjects had vivid hallucinations correctly predicting Hurricane Maria. 

**Subject-9602-04**: The researchers wanted to confirm whether SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects were limited to visual perception only. They introduced D-9602-04, a blind test subject, to SCP-9602's containment cell. Subject reported no anomalous effects. 

**Subject-9602-05:** Subject was instructed to look at SCP-9602. Subject was red/green color-blind, and the researchers wanted to know whether SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects were limited by the observer's ability to perceive certain wavelengths of light. Subject experienced discoloration of skin, and hallucinations predicting a prophecy about the infiltration of baseline reality by [REDACTED]. Five minutes later, subject became aggressive and attempted to free SCP-9602 from containment by tampering with the Scranton Reality Anchors being used to keep her contained. Subject was unsuccessful in their attempt and was swiftly terminated. 

The same tests were repeated on the remaining four groups of five D-Class test subjects each, and a list of cognitohazardous effects was established: 

1. Temporary loss of vision, which lasts up to three days.

2. Inclination towards altruism and compassion, regardless of prior ideologies.

3. Strange recurring nightmares of a crimson-clad antagonistic warrior that may last up to a year.

4. Discoloration of the skin.

5. Unexpected healing of injuries.

6. A light headache that may last up to a week.

7. Hallucinations that accurately predict natural disasters that are due to occur in the next five years. 

8. An uncontrollable urge to release SCP-9602 from containment.

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> *SCP-9602 has several cognitohazardous effects, and each observer faces three of the eight effects we've discovered.*

**Note From Dr. Agatha Rights**: 

> *Certain effects are manifested more frequently than others.*

**Note From Dr. Robert McCarthy**:

> *SCP-9602 seems to be some sort of paradox, as she produces both beneficial and harmful effects to those who observe her.*

---

**Addendum 2**: 

A series of cross-tests were conducted to see how SCP-9602 reacts with other anomalies.

**Cross-test-343**: Dr. Anna █████ introduced SCP-9602 to SCP-343, upon which, SCP-343 told SCP-9602 a secret that was unable to be recorded by Foundation personnel. SCP-9602 refused to disclose what SCP-343 had told her. Since then, SCP-9602 had been gradually growing in power. 

**Cross-test-682**: [DATA EXPUNGED] as the two anomalies were separated by Foundation guards. Testing on SCP-9602 was suspended indefinitely after this cross-test. 

---

**Addendum 3**: 

Only one interview of SCP-9602 was conducted, and it was conducted by Dr. Anna  █████. 

**Interview Log**:

**Interviewer**: Dr. Anna █████

**Interviewed**: SCP-9602

**Foreword**: The interview was conducted with the aim of learning more about SCP-9602's past.

{{<Start Log>}}

> **Dr. Anna █████**: *Hello, SCP-9602. My first question for you is... Do you have a name?*

> **SCP-9602**: *Yeah... It's Isabelle.*

> **Dr. Anna █████**: *Tell me about your past.*

> **SCP-9602**: I am the daughter of [REDACTED], who is an iteration of [REDACTED], and [REDACTED]. My mother was deceptively impregnated by my monstrous father with me and my █ siblings. When my mother found out the truth, my father fled with my sisters, but I was left with my mother, who sent me away. 

> **Dr. Anna █████**: Then who raised you until you ended up on earth?

> **SCP-9602**: My biological mother's wife, [REDACTED].

{{<End Log>}}

**Closing Statement**: [DATA EXPUNGED]

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> This changes our understanding of SCP-███, and disproves the narrative in [REDACTED]

---

**Addendum 4**: 

Following are the incident logs regarding SCP-9602. 

**Incident-9602-001**: SCP-9602 had breached containment after a technical failure in one of the Scranton Reality Anchors used in her containment cell. During this incident, she was first observed manifesting her swords to battle the guards. MTF Alpha-9 was deployed and was able to bring her back into containment. 

**Incident-9602-002**: On 14^^th^^ November, ████, SCP-9602 was shown growing substantially in size. The interior of the building was altered into Non-Euclidean geometry. It was later confirmed that the alteration had been made by SCP-9602, suggesting that her range of effect was growing. 

**Incident-9602-914**: On [REDACTED], SCP-9602 was able to breach containment during an SCP-682 containment breach, by melting the Scranton Reality Anchors keeping her contained, through unknown means. 

SCP-9602 was able to reach SCP-914, despite SCP personnel's best efforts. She set the dial to 'Very Fine' and went inside the Intake Booth. Due to her regenerative abilities, SCP-914 was not able to unmake and remake her. This caused the machine to be obliterated, but it has refined her nonetheless. She became several kilometers tall, and her reality warping has become extremely potent. 

She was confronted by SCP-682. She used her dual swords to battle the anomaly, and reduced it to 1% of its initial size before moving on. SCP-682 regenerated to its full size by the end of the week, but developed a phobia of SCP-9602. 

**Incident-9602-003**: After Incident-9602-914, SCP-9602 ~~was seen committing violence against civilians using her anomalous capabilities. A joint Mobile Task Force of MTF Nu-7 and MTF Tau-5 operatives was required to stop her rampage and force her out of major population centers by means of meticulously calculated tactics, since she~~ had become completely impervious to all weapons. ~~The Foundation reached out to the Global Occult Coalition for help, but they couldn't bring her back into containment, even with their combined efforts.~~ The violent rampage part was made up to conceal SCP-9602's true nature.

SCP-9602 was observed approaching the intersection of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, apparently to confront Clef's Proposal for SCP-001 for an unknown purpose.

---

# Revised Document (Revision 2):

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 5/9602 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 5/9602 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

[[collapsible hideLocation="both" show="[ENTER LEVEL 5 SECURITY CLEARANCE CREDENTIALS]" hide="[CREDENTIALS ACCEPTED.]"]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9602 does not need to be contained. However, she is crucial to the neutralization of Tufto's Proposal for SCP-001, should he ever infiltrate our universe. During such an event, SCP-9602 must be assisted in battle through any possible means. All Foundation documents regarding Tufto's Proposal have been made available to SCP-9602 to help her in combating the entity by providing necessary information. 

**Description:** SCP-9602 is essentially, the seventh child of SCP-001 (Tufto's Proposal). She is prophesied to defeat her abominable father when the day finally comes. 

SCP-9602 is a female humanoid entity who is several kilometers tall and weighs an unknown amount. Her skin is brown and her hair is brunette. However, she does not have discernible facial features. She also possesses six wings: three red and three golden. She possesses a black horn on one side of her head, and a rainbow halo on the other. Which side possesses which is variable. 

The lack of observable facial features seems to be an anomalous effect of observing SCP-9602, rather than the literal absence of a face, as a vaguely humanoid facial structure can be observed when using visual cognitohazard filtering technology to view her facial region. 

It is important to note that, although cognitohazard filtering technology can nullify most of SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects, no device has been capable of making her facial features crystal clear, as of June 12^^th^^, 2034.

Despite being unclear, SCP-9602's face does exist, which has been proven by conducting tests utilizing thermal imaging to capture an image in a way that wouldn't trigger the visual cognitohazard. 

Besides the lack of clarity of her face, SCP-9602 also exhibits eight different cognitohazardous effects, a list of which can be found in **Test Log-9602-06**.

SCP-9602 releases a huge amount of Akiva RadiationAkiva Radiation is a form of electromagnetic radiation emitted by anomalous entities of a "divine" nature.

SCP-9602 also possesses potent reality-warping capabilities that cannot be suppressed by any reality stabilizing technology currently available to the SCP Foundation. She can degrade such technology by unknown means. 

SCP-9602 is capable of manifesting two swords at will, one radiating holy light, and the other, hellish inferno. She is fully immune to both dark magic and holy relics, though beings of comparable power, whether holy or otherwise, are still capable of hurting her. Any type of weapon, conventional or anomalous, is unable to do any damage to her. This includes heavy artillery, Foundation weaponry, GOC weaponry, etc. Engaging her in any sort of combat is not necessary due to her benevolent nature towards non-anomalous forms of life. 

---

**Addendum 1**: SCP-9602 was first discovered by MTF Zeta-9 while conducting routine monitoring of another anomaly in Los Angeles, California, USA, on April 2^^nd^^, 2014. At the time of discovery, she was 210 cm tall, and weighed 143 kg. She was brought to Site-19 for containment without much difficulty. Dr. Anna █████ was assigned as the Lead Researcher on the case of SCP-9602.

Since SCP-9602 had first been contained, a series of tests was conducted on her by various researchers.

**Test Log-9602-01**: A full physical examination, from a blood test to an MRI scan, was conducted by Dr. Anna █████, and the following results have been recorded:  

1. The blood test results were inconclusive, as she did not possess blood analogous to that of any known terrestrial organism. However, an unknown coordination complex was discovered in her circulatory fluid, which seems to have healing properties. Research is ongoing on the substance, now nicknamed "Regeneration Compound". It is believed that research into it might help Foundation scientists develop better recovery medication for injured personnel. 

2. The X-Ray revealed that she possesses 567 bones which were ten times denser than the average *Homo sapiens*. It was also discovered that her bone matrix was made up of an unknown metal, rather than calcium, which is commonly found in members of the phylum Chordata.

3. MRI scans, ultrasounds, and CT scans have revealed that she lacks most internal organs, except a brain and a heart, both of which are made up of a mix of proteins, lipids, and four types of unknown biomolecules. 73.4% of her brain is adipose tissue, substantiated by tests conducted on tissue samples.

4. It has been discovered that she does not need food or water for sustenance. 

5. All attempts to construct her full genome have been unsuccessful. 

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> *Apparently, SCP-9602 cannot be scientifically classified using our current knowledge of taxonomy.*

**Test Log-9602-02**: A cognitive evaluation of SCP-9602 was conducted by Dr. Simon Glass, and the following results were recorded: 

1. SCP-9602 has high-level language competence. She is fluent in English, Latin, and Hebrew. 

2. SCP-9602 has an in-depth sense of personal self, and gender identity, consistently identifying as female. This shows sentience and higher-order sapience.

3. SCP-9602 has demonstrated mathematical skills consistent with university-level mathematics. 

4. Her IQ was calculated to be around 134. 

5. Dr. Glass noted SCP-9602's emotionally unstable state while conducting these tests. 

**Note From Dr. Simon Glass**: 

> *SCP-9602 seems to be performing higher-order cognitive tasks pretty easily, but has very low EQ.*

**Test Log-9602-04**: An attempt at capturing a picture of SCP-9602 was made by Dr. Agatha Rights. She first tried doing so with her special camera equipped with CYPHER.AIC. However, SCP-9602's face was still vastly blurry. Dr. Rights changed her tactics, and switched to thermal imaging. It was discovered that SCP-9602 did, in fact, have a face. 

**Test Log-9602-05**: This test was conducted by Dr. Anna  █████ to assess the extent of SCP-9602's reality warping capabilities. 

1. SCP-9602 was asked to change the color of Dr. Anna █████'s lab coat from white to pink. SCP-9602 was able to perform the assigned task immediately. 

2. Next, Dr. Anna █████ arranged five spherical objects in a straight line, each sphere 50 m apart from the preceding and succeeding spheres, with the first sphere placed in SCP-9602's hands. She was asked to turn each sphere into a cube. She was able to perform the task successfully for the first three spheres, indicating that her field of reality warping spans across a radius of 100 m. However, the range had been drastically altered after Incident-9602-914. 

3. Dr. Anna █████ was curious to see whether SCP-9602 could affect living beings. A male D-Class personnel by the designation D-9602-07 was selected for experimentation. 

3.1. SCP-9602 was asked to turn D-9602-07 into a dog, which she was able to do successfully. 

3.2. Then, she was asked to immediately turn him into a rock, which she was able to do, but it seemed to cause her some distress that resembled guilt. 

4. Next, SCP-9602 was asked to manifest several objects, including: a phone, a burger, a pen, a couch, and a complex geometrical shape. All tests were successful. 

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> *She seems to have some reality warping capabilities and proper control over said capabilities.*

**Test Log-9602-06**: A joint team of scientists, comprising Dr. Anna █████, Dr. Agatha Rights, Dr. Cindy Kowell, Dr. Robert McCarthy, and Dr. Dan, led by Dr. Anna █████, conducted a series of experiments on five groups of D-Class test subjects, comprising five members each, to learn more about SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects. 

**Subject D-9602-01**: Subject was instructed to look at SCP-9602 with the naked eye. They experienced vision loss that lasted three days, along with a light headache and unexplained healing of scars on their face.

**Subjects D-9602-02 and D-9602-03**: The researchers were curious as to how SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects might impact multiple subjects at once, so D-9602-02 and D-9602-03 were instructed to observe the anomaly. D-9602-02 reported recurring nightmares of an eldritch god clad in bloodstained armor, and an uncharacteristically altruistic mindset. D-9602-03 experienced discoloration of the skin, and a light headache. Both subjects had vivid hallucinations correctly predicting Hurricane Maria. 

**Subject-9602-04**: The researchers wanted to confirm whether SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects were limited to visual perception only. They introduced D-9602-04, a blind test subject, to SCP-9602's containment cell. Subject reported no anomalous effects. 

**Subject-9602-05:** Subject was instructed to look at SCP-9602. Subject was red/green color-blind, and the researchers wanted to know whether SCP-9602's cognitohazardous effects were limited by the observer's ability to perceive certain wavelengths of light. Subject experienced discoloration of skin, and hallucinations predicting a prophecy about the infiltration of baseline reality by [REDACTED]. Five minutes later, subject became aggressive and attempted to free SCP-9602 from containment by tampering with the Scranton Reality Anchors being used to keep her contained. Subject was unsuccessful in their attempt and was swiftly terminated. 

The same tests were repeated on the remaining four groups of five D-Class test subjects each, and a list of cognitohazardous effects was established: 

1. Temporary loss of vision, which lasts up to three days.

2. Inclination towards altruism and compassion, regardless of prior ideologies.

3. Strange recurring nightmares of a crimson-clad antagonistic warrior that may last up to a year.

4. Discoloration of the skin.

5. Unexpected healing of injuries.

6. A light headache that may last up to a week.

7. Hallucinations that accurately predict natural disasters that are due to occur in the next five years. 

8. An uncontrollable urge to release SCP-9602 from containment.

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> *SCP-9602 has several cognitohazardous effects, and each observer faces three of the eight effects we've discovered.*

**Note From Dr. Agatha Rights**: 

> *Certain effects are manifested more frequently than others.*

**Note From Dr. Robert McCarthy**:

> *SCP-9602 seems to be some sort of paradox, as she produces both beneficial and harmful effects to those who observe her.*

---

**Addendum 2**: 

A series of cross-tests were conducted to see how SCP-9602 reacts with other anomalies.

**Cross-test-343**: Dr. Anna █████ introduced SCP-9602 to SCP-343, upon which, SCP-343 told SCP-9602 a secret that was unable to be recorded by Foundation personnel. SCP-9602 refused to disclose what SCP-343 had told her. Since then, SCP-9602 had been gradually growing in power. 

**Cross-test-682**: SCP-9602 engaged SCP-682 in battle. Despite not taking much damage, the latter began to recoil and retreat. SCP-682 said, "You think you can stop the Devil from taking over the last bit of soil you hold dear? He is meant to rule and defile this world. Nobody can stop him!" as the two anomalies were separated by Foundation guards. Testing on SCP-9602 was suspended indefinitely after this cross-test. 

---

**Addendum 3**: 

Only one interview of SCP-9602 was conducted, and it was conducted by Dr. Anna  █████. 

**Interview Log**:

**Interviewer**: Dr. Anna █████

**Interviewed**: SCP-9602

**Foreword**: The interview was conducted with the aim of learning more about SCP-9602's past.

{{<Start Log>}}

> **Dr. Anna █████**: *Hello, SCP-9602. My first question for you is... Do you have a name?*

> **SCP-9602**: *Yeah... It's Isabelle.*

> **Dr. Anna █████**: *Tell me about your past.*

> **SCP-9602**: I am the daughter of the mighty goddess Seraphine, who is an iteration of Dr. Sophia Light, and the eldritch god Khahrahk. My mother was deceptively impregnated by my monstrous father with me and my six siblings. When my mother found out the truth, my father fled with my sisters, but I was left with my mother, who sent me away. 

> **Dr. Anna █████**: Then who raised you until you ended up on Earth?

> **SCP-9602**: My biological mother's wife, Lilith.

{{<End Log>}}

**Closing Statement**: SCP-9602 *is* the seventh daughter of the Scarlet King. Despite earlier evidence, Scarlet King's unwilling bride was, in fact, not made his bride by force, but by deception. This suggests that the Crimson Khan wasn't as strong as he is right now, back then.

**Note From Dr. Anna █████**:

> This changes our understanding of SCP-001, and disproves the narrative in Dust and Blood. 

---

**Addendum 4**: 

Following are the incident logs regarding SCP-9602. 

**Incident-9602-001**: SCP-9602 had breached containment after a technical failure in one of the Scranton Reality Anchors used in her containment cell. During this incident, she was first observed manifesting her swords to battle the guards. MTF Alpha-9 was deployed and was able to bring her back into containment. 

**Incident-9602-002**: On 14^^th^^ November, ████, SCP-9602 was shown growing substantially in size. The interior of the building was altered into Non-Euclidean geometry. It was later confirmed that the alteration had been made by SCP-9602, suggesting that her range of effect was growing. 

**Incident-9602-914**: On [REDACTED], SCP-9602 was able to breach containment during an SCP-682 containment breach, by melting the Scranton Reality Anchors keeping her contained, through unknown means. 

SCP-9602 was able to reach SCP-914, despite SCP personnel's best efforts. She set the dial to 'Very Fine' and went inside the Intake Booth. Due to her regenerative abilities, SCP-914 was not able to unmake and remake her. This caused the machine to be obliterated, but it has refined her nonetheless. She became several kilometers tall, and her reality warping has become extremely potent. 

She was confronted by SCP-682. She used her dual swords to battle the anomaly, and reduced it to 1% of its initial size before moving on. SCP-682 regenerated to its full size by the end of the week, but developed a phobia of SCP-9602. 

**Incident-9602-003**: After Incident-9602-914, SCP-9602 ~~was seen committing violence against civilians using her anomalous capabilities. A joint Mobile Task Force of MTF Nu-7 and MTF Tau-5 operatives was required to stop her rampage and force her out of major population centers by means of meticulously calculated tactics, since she~~ had become completely impervious to all weapons. ~~The Foundation reached out to the Global Occult Coalition for help, but they couldn't bring her back into containment, even with their combined efforts.~~ The violent rampage part was made up to conceal SCP-9602's true nature.

SCP-9602 was observed approaching the intersection of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers, apparently to confront Clef's Proposal for SCP-001 in order to enter the Garden of Eden to reunite with her mother, learn more about her past, and prepare herself to battle her monstrous father. A confrontation between SCP-9602 and the entity designated SCP-001 in Clef's Proposal commences. 

---

**To:** Dr. Anna █████

**From:** O5-1

**Subject:** Regarding SCP-9602

---

Greetings, Dr. Anna █████, 

Your research on SCP-9602 has been invaluable, and your idea to use SCP-999 as a fake seventh child of the Scarlet King to hide SCP-9602's true identity from Foundation personnel has proven to be highly effective. 

As a result, you're being promoted to the Site Director of Site-19, and being granted Level 5 Security Clearance, making you one of the few members of staff outside the O5 Council to have such privilege. We decided to grant you access to the top-secret Foundation files with seven members voting For the Motion, four members voting Against the Motion, and the remaining two members abstaining from voting. We know that granting you Level 5 Security Clearance is crucial, since you've worked so intimately with a top-priority Thaumiel anomaly. 

Additionally, I want to express my relief at SCP-9602's survival while being processed by SCP-914, and the results being satisfactory. It didn't really add anything extra; it merely sped up the process of SCP-9602 unlocking her full potential. 

I'm also curious to know what SCP-343 really said to SCP-9602 that kickstarted the process of evolution in her.

And why is Dr. Sophia Light the Seraphine? Isn't she O5-2? I mean, I know that she has countless iterations but... it's confusing!

@@ @@

**To:** O5-1

**From:** Dr. Anna █████

**Subject:** Re:Regarding SCP-9602

---

Greetings, O5-1, 

I am really grateful for the promotion and Security Clearance upgrade. I can access many top-secret files now.

I believe that hiding SCP-9602's true identity would help prevent the Scarlet King from discovering her. 

Moreover, I want to confess that I was the one who let her get to SCP-914 for the enhancement. From a document confiscated from a Serpent's Hand site, we've found that SCP-001 (Tufto's Proposal) will infiltrate our universe within 6 months. Therefore, I concluded that using SCP-914 was the best option. I know it goes against protocol to use SCP-914 on organic matter, but she isn't *organic* in the traditional sense, and it's better to breach protocol than to allow an XK-Class End of The World Scenario to occur. 

As for what SCP-343 said, I heard it as clear as day. But I figured that it wasn't wise to include it, even on a Level 5 Security Clearance version of the document. But I think you should know, but you must keep this information strictly confidential. 

SCP-343 said, "The Garden I claim to be mine was made by your mother, Seraphine, for herself and her wife, Lilith. She created me much later to remind you of who you truly are. You are the True Protagonist of Life, a beacon of hope in this world of darkness. Go ahead, Isabelle, unlock your potential. Initially, you were [DATA EXPUNGED]"

As for why Dr. Light has so many iterations... You should know this better than I do. O5-2 is an anomaly in her own right.

Have a good day, Aaron.

<< [SCP-9601](SCP-9601) | SCP-9602 | [SCP-9603](SCP-9603) >>

> **Filename:** [Cernnunos.svg]

> **Name:** [Thaumiel20]

> **Author:** [> **License:** [CC BY-SA 3.0, Public Domain, etc.](http://www.wikidot.com/user:info/shineshadowd])

> **Source Link:** [[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](http://smlt.wikidot.com/local--files/shineshadowd:gyd4/Cernnunos.svg])]
