**SCP-9065:** Parasitic Depression Pants

**Author:** ClammyTime

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains a depiction of depression, suicidal thoughts, and an allusion to self-harm. 

**Item #:** SCP-9065

**Object Class:** Safe 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9065 is to be kept in a clearly marked, non-airtight container at Site-17. This container should be kept as far as possible, within reason, from any laundry room, barracks, personal quarters, or other facilities containing articles of clothing. On the first Wednesday of every month, SCP-9065 is to be fed ten liters of human blood, sourced from Foundation medical storage, delivered by a team of two. Failure to complete these feedings has led to the range of SCP-9065 mind-altering properties expanding, in what is believed to be an effort to find a new host.

Staff are to remain stationed at various thrift stores, donation centers, and homeless shelters in Moorefield, West Virginia and the surrounding area. They are to monitor for the presence of any organisms bearing similarity to SCP-9065It is currently unknown if SCP-9065 is the only of its kind, but Foundation biologists believe it is unlikely.. 

Individuals with a history of major depressive disorder are not to be assigned to any duties related to SCP-9065. Biweekly psychiatric evaluations are mandatory for all assigned staff, and any staff experiencing signs of SCP-9065 influence should be promptly reassigned and administered psychiatric care. These signs include:

* Lethargy

* Excessive sleeping/tiredness

* Aversion to common hygiene practices, such as regularly bathing and brushing one’s teeth

* Feelings of worthlessness

* Suicidal ideation

**Description:** SCP-9065 is an ectoparasiticMeaning a parasite that lives outside of its host. organism resembling a pair of light grey athleisure-style sweatpantsAlso referred to as joggers and trackpants.. The organism's exterior is similar in texture and appearance to a standard cotton/polyester material. The interior of the pants is similarly non-anomalous in appearance, and it is currently unknown how the organism keeps its teeth concealed when not feeding. Genetic testing has revealed similarities to *Haemopis terrestris*, also known as the American terrestrial leech. This, combined with the presence of anticoagulants being found in the blood of SCP-9065 hostsMost non-anomalous species of leeches produce substances that prevent their host’s blood from clotting to make feeding more efficient., has led to the conclusion that SCP-9065 is an anomalous evolutionary offshoot of leeches. 

SCP-9065's anomalous properties manifest when it is seeking or has already attached to a host. Through means that are currently not understood, SCP-9065 influences individuals to act in ways that make its feeding easierThis behavior is not inherently anomalous; many parasitic species manipulate their hosts through neurochemical means, either as part of their feeding or to reproduce.. This influence progresses in stages, with the host’s behavior altering to suit the parasite as circumstances change. These stages are as such:  

**Stage One:**

* SCP-9065 influence leads the individuals around it to seek out and acquire it. This includes altering individuals’ perception, with those in Stage One often making comments on how comfortable, warm, or stylish SCP-9065 looks. 

**Stage Two:**

* Once an individual has acquired and begun “wearing” SCP-9065, they become a host and progress to Stage Two. In this stage, the host will experience mild lethargy, social anxiety, and an increased need for sleep. They will be unusually hesitant to remove SCP-9065, although they can still be persuaded to do so.

**Stage Three:**

* After several days in Stage Two, a host will reach Stage Three. This is considered to be the point in which the parasitic relationship becomes actively harmful to the host, as their previous psychological symptoms worsen. Previously mild lethargy becomes severe, and social anxiety develops into agoraphobia. The host’s desire for personal hygiene disappears and they begin to ignore all professional and social responsibilities.  At this stage, hosts will not remove SCP-9065 unless threatened with violence. 

**Stage Four:**

* Following Stage Three, which lasts between five to fourteen days, SCP-9065 begins to feed. Via several proboscis along its interior, the parasite begins draining its host of blood. This is seemingly painless, although it is unclear due to the host’s behavioral changes at this point. In Stage Four, hosts exhibit symptoms of severe depression. The most common and prevalent of these symptoms are insomnia, lack of energy, and frequent feelings of worthlessness that border on passive suicidality. Because of this, the host may become aware that something is wrong with them, often believing they have contracted an illness, but they will not act on these suspicions as their health continues to deteriorate. Hosts will also possess a strong desire to sit, rather than lie down or stand, leading to the pooling of blood in their legs. Removal of SCP-9065 is only possible through force and often leads to injury for the host. 

**Stage Five**

* Stage Four lasts as long as the host survives, usually a month. After the host’s expiration, SCP-9065 removes itself from their body and begins emitting an influence similar to that emitted in Stage One. This influence leads others, often the family members of the deceased, to donate, resell, or keep SCP-9065 for themselves. After the parasite has moved to a new location, Stage One begins again and the cycle repeats.

**Discovery:** SCP-9065 was discovered on January 18th, 2016, as part of a check-in on Researcher Kit Conway. In November of 2015, Conway had been assigned to a residential undercover assignment in Moorefield, West Virginia for an investigation into suspected Sarkic activityNo such activity was ever discovered.. As part of her investigation, she was to send audio reports on any discoveries via a secure connection to Site-322. Following a containment breach on December 7th, an error began to occur in Site-322's communications technology. In place of Conway's actual reports, Site-322 only received a pre-programmed “nothing to note” message daily. When staff became aware of the reports, a psychologist was sent to evaluate Conway, as SCP-9065's existence was not yet known to the Foundation.

**Document 9065-A:** The following is a transcription of each of Conway's unique reports, in chronological order. Notes have been added when necessary.

##850004|*NOVEMBER 22, 2015: 7:21 PM*##

Researcher Kit Conway here, reporting from her covert apartment in Moorefield, West Virginia. Haven’t noticed anything strange yet. I went out on the town today, stopped at a local coffee place, tried to make small talk with some people. Y’know… standard secret agent behavior. Hopefully I’ll have more to report soon. Or hopefully not, I guess. It would be better if nothing bad was going on. Yeah. That’s all.

---

##850004|*NOVEMBER 27, 2015: 3:54 PM*##

Conway checking in. Tried going to a church service today. Seemed like pretty standard Methodist church stuff, although I haven't been in a while. No hints of any thaumaturgy or Sarkicism, Neo- or otherwise. People were nice. Sort of reminded me of when I was a kid and I would go. But... yeah, nothing much going on yet. Gonna keep an eye out, if you guys back at the Site have any suggestions just let me know. I really wanna be able to uncover something big, if there is something here. That's all.

---

##850004|*NOVEMBER 29, 2015: 8:40 PM*##

Conway again, glad to report I have a lead. I was at the grocery store, picking up some… supplies, when I saw a group of people in hoods looking around really suspiciously in the parking lot, around this dingy blue sedan. Didn’t see any Sarkic iconography or anything, and none of them had any extra limbs, but it might be something. Planning on staking the place out again tomorrow and seeing if they come back. I’ll tail them if I can. Kit out.

---

##850004|*NOVEMBER 30, 2015: 8:28 PM*##

Yeah, so it was just some guy selling weed to teenagers. Didn’t seem like magic weed from a distance, but I didn’t get that good of a look because… they maybe noticed me spying and the guy left. I thought about tailing him, but I don't want to compromise myself and have to get sent back. I promise, I got this. Sorry. I’ll keep an eye out.

---

##850004|*DECEMBER 4, 2015: 6:54 PM*##This was the last report received by Site-322 until January 17th.

Kit again. No news, still. I hope I’m not missing anything. Still keeping an eye out, but overall things seem normal here. I’ll try to quit submitting so many reports about nothing. Just… wanna say I appreciate you guys, for trusting me to handle thisConway was the only member of staff to volunteer for the assignment, which was considered low-priority.. I won’t let you down.

---

##850004|*DECEMBER 10, 2015: 5:19 PM*##

Yeah, I know I said I wouldn’t submit any more nothing reports, but it feels weird to not check in. Haven’t really had much to do, I’m just sorta hanging out and driving around all day. Really can’t imagine there’s any Sarkics in town, everyone just seems normal as far as West Virginians go, heh. Sorry. Unprofessional. Uhm… I ran out and picked up some more clothes, because the pajamas you guys gave me tore in the crotch. Got a real comfy pair of sweats. God, what am I talking about? Sorry. Kit, signing off.

---

##850004|*DECEMBER 14, 2015: 9:12 AM*##

(Conway yawns.)

Sorry. Meant to submit this report yesterday, but I’ve been so tired lately. Just keep going to bed earlier and earlier, but doesn’t make it any easier to get out of bed, y’know? Yeah, uhh… thought it was weird that I haven’t heard anything from you guys in a bit, no confirmations or anything. Did I do something wrong? I’m sorry I let the weed guy see me, but he probably just thought I was just being judgy and weird or something. I don’t know. I haven’t been outside the apartment in a few days, trying to lay low. Just tell me what I did, if I did something.

---

##850004|*DECEMBER 20, 2015: 5:43 PM*##

Christmas is soon, whoo. Hope the celebrations are good over there. Me? I’m here, just…waiting for something to happen. Nothing has yet. I keep my ear to the ground. Just… if I’m fired or something, please let me know. I’m sorry. I’ve really been trying. Still trying to lay low, so I haven’t been out in a while. Plus it’s been cold. But I watch the street outside from my window. And I listen. So if anything happens… I’d know.

---

##850004|*DECEMBER 29, 2015: 9:39 PM*##

Please, guys. I’m really sorry I messed up. I’ll retake all the courses, just… come get me. Please. There’s something wrong. Maybe I’m sick or something, I don’t know. I can’t move.

---

##850004|*JANUARY 3, 2016: 11:22 PM*##

I’m not even worth a response, I guess. I get it now. Send Kit off, set her up in some shitty apartment and then leave her to die. I don’t care.

---

##850004|*JANUARY 5, 2016: 1:48 AM*##

What, is it taking too long? Were you expecting me to have done it myself at this point? So now you're pumping some gas into the room, some fucked up poison, making me look all pale and bony and disgusting. Or maybe I already looked like that. Whatever. Just get it over with. There’s nothing here for me.

---

##850004|*JANUARY 10, 2016: 12:30 AM*##

Please. Just…

(Conway sobs for two minutes.)

Maybe, maybe it’s not you guys. Maybe it’s me. Maybe I never got better, maybe I’m gonna be like this forever. I guess you all knew before I did. 

---

##850004|*JANUARY 13, 2016: 4:56 AM*##

I’m sorry I got mad. It’s not your guys’ fault.

---

##850004|*JANUARY 13, 2016: 5:05 AM*##

You don’t have to come get me. I’m gonna die in this chair.

---

**Document 9065-B:** The following is the log of SCP-9065's discovery and the rescue of Researcher Conway, recovered from the webcam on Conway’s computer.

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** 01/18/2016

**Location:** [REDACTED], Moorefield, West Virginia

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*The room is dark, the curtains closed and all lights off. Researcher Conway is sitting upright in an office chair, facing the computer screen. Her eyes are glazed over and she seems to be in a state of catatonia. A faint sucking sound is heard.* 

*Emanating from the doorway behind Conway, Dr. Laure’s voice can be heard as she advances towards the bedroom.* 

**Laure:** Hey, Kit? You in here? It’s me, it’s Dr. Laure. We only just got all your reports, I’m sorry. There was an accident.

*Laure appears in the doorway, holding a flashlight. His brows are furrowed in concern, but they seem to relax upon seeing Conway’s figure in the chair.* 

**Laure:** Oh, thank god. I was worried, I didn’t know if you… Kit?

*Laure approaches and lays a hand on Conway’s shoulder, which she does not react to. He turns the chair and gasps as her face comes into the light. Her eyes are sunken in and her cheekbones jut out from her pale skin. Her breaths are slow and shallow.*

**Laure:** Kit? Hey, c’mon, wake up, please.

*Stress rises in Laure’s voice as he begins examining Conway, presumably searching for wounds. When he finds none, he picks her up and places her on the bed next to the doorway. SCP-9065, now fully visible to both the webcam and Laure, is pulsating rhythmically. As he is checking Conway’s pulse, he notices this and begins attempting to remove the parasite.* 

**Laure:** What the fuck? Kit, wake up! 

*Laure continues struggling to remove SCP-9065, finally managing to separate the “waistband” from Conway’s hips. She groans weakly as he does so. Laure stops tugging for a moment and pulls a Swiss army knife from his pocket, which he uses to begin cutting through SCP-9065. The parasite squirms and shrinks away from the blade in response. Conway begins to scream.* 

**Conway:** NO!

*Conway’s screams devolve into sobs. Laure appears even more panicked.* 

**Laure:** What's wrong? Am I hurting you? 

**Conway:** No- yes, but- I don’t know. That’s not it. Just go, please. It’s supposed to be like this. I’m okay. Just leave me, leave them on and go. Please, Doc.

*Laure pauses to look at Conway. His attempts to cut the parasite away have caused it to retreat slightly, revealing needlelike teeth that line its interior. Blood begins seeping from the several deep puncture wounds in Conway’s legs*Later medical examinations found a total of 136 wounds, each 0.8 cm deep.. *Laure begins cutting again, and Conway resumes screaming.* 

**Laure:** Deep breaths, Kit. 

**Conway:** (unintelligible shrieks)

*At this point, Laure’s knife is no longer able to penetrate SCP-9065's exterior. He drops it to the floor and returns to attempting to wrench Conway and the parasite apart. He is attempting to speak to her, but his voice is mostly drowned out by Conway’s yelling and the sound of tearing flesh.*

**Laure:** It’s gonna be okay. You’re gonna be okay. 

*Over the course of six minutes, Laure is able to remove SCP-9065 from Conway’s lower body. Several teeth are broken off and left embedded in her legs in the process. Once the majority of the parasite is separated from Conway, she falls unconscious.* 

[END LOG]

**Document 9065-C:** A follow-up psychiatric evaluation was conducted with Researcher Conway two months after the events of January 18th, to determine if there were any long-term effects of SCP-9065 influence.

> **Subject:** Kit Conway

> 

> **Evaluator:** Dr. Peter Laure

> 

> **Foreword:** Post-treatment for SCP-9065 removal interview concerning lasting mental health effects

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Laure:** Hey, Kit. It's nice to see you up and walking again.

> 

> **Conway:** Thanks, Doc. It feels nice to *be* up.

> 

> **Laure:** That's what I wanted to talk to you about, actually. How are you doing, apart from the pain? How has your mental state been?

> 

> **Conway:** Uh... I don't know. Fine, I guess?

> 

> **Laure:** How so?

> 

> **Conway:** You've read my fileResearcher Conway had been admitted to a medical facility for an involuntary psychiatric hold twice prior to being hired by the Foundation., you did my evals when I first got here. My state is... my state is how it's always been.

> 

> **Laure:** How it's always been?

> 

> **Conway:** Yes, how it's always been. How sometimes getting out of bed in the morning feels like the hardest thing I've ever had to do. How sometimes I spend all day wondering if anyone would miss me if I was gone. How sometimes I stay up all night, staring at nothing, waiting for something bad to happen.

> 

> **Laure:** And you don't believe these symptoms are brought on by your experience with SCP-9065?

> 

> **Conway:** No, I don't. I think... I think those pants, that fucking... thing, does what it does. But I don't think it had to do all that much to mess with me. I'm better now. But I'm not... I don’t know, you get what I’m saying.

> 

> **Laure:** Kit, can I be unprofessional with you for a moment?

> 

> **Conway:** I wish you would. I think if you keep giving me the therapist look I'm gonna punch you.

> 

> *They both chuckle.*

> 

> **Laure:** I thought the worst when we got those reports. I thought... I thought I had failed you, and that you had taken your own life. I didn't know what I was going to do. And when I got there, when I saw that you were still *there*, that you hadn't? I don't know if I've ever been so relieved in my life. But I'm worried that you... aren't relieved like I am. Are you?

> 

> **Conway:** I... hm.

> 

> *Neither speak as Conway thinks for a moment.*

> 

> **Conway:** I am. I'm glad... I'm glad I'm here. I'm glad I made it out. I'm glad I got up this morning. But I don't know if I'll be glad tomorrow, and that scares me. I can look back at it now and say “I guess it wasn’t all that bad”, but when it’s happening? When it’s happening it’s bad, it’s worse than anything else has ever been. So maybe one day it'll get so bad again that I'll just let the pants finish me off. Or I'll do it myself. For all the scars that thing left on my legs, it couldn’t cover up the ones that were already there. I don't know what to do, Doc.

> 

> **Laure:** Kit, what do you want? From life, I mean. Who do you want to be?

> 

> **Conway:** I don’t know. I want to make a difference, I guess. That’s the typical answer. I want people to think I’m smart and funny and kind. I want to be “normal”, or I guess I want to get better at pretending to be. It all just gets to be too much sometimes. How do you do it? How do you just… keep going? 

> 

> **Laure:** Not easily. It took a long time for me to get here. But I can tell you what I wish someone would’ve told me. Tomorrow, you're gonna wake up. You're gonna remember everything that happened these past few months. Maybe you'll want to get up. Maybe you won't. Either way, you're gonna think about this: I want you to get up. Your sister wants you to get up. More people than you know want you to get up. And if you can't do it yourself, you call us. We'll help you get on your feet. Okay?

> 

> *Conway sniffles.*

> 

> **Conway:** Yeah. Okay. You... you're real good at this therapy thing, y'know that?

> 

> **Laure:** I've been told.

> 

> **Conway:** Hmph. Don’t let it go to your head, it’s big enough as is.

> 

> **Laure:** I’ve been told that as well. Would you like me to get you some tissues?

> 

> **Conway:** No. No, I'm okay. Can... can I have a hug, please?

> 

> **Laure:** Of course.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** No signs of lingering SCP-9065 influence; continued therapy recommended.

<< [SCP-9064](SCP-9064) | SCP-9065 | [SCP-9066](SCP-9066) >>

> **Filename:** Unisex-Jogginghose.jpg

> **Author:** Hugjohannes

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Unisex-Jogginghose.jpg#file)
