.blockquote{

border-radius: 10px;

margin: 10px

[!~~Foldable List Container magic ~~]

}

.flcclean > ul, .flcclean > ul > li{

    display: block;

    line-height: normal;

    list-style: none;

    margin: 0;

    padding: 0;

}

.flcclean .flc{

    display: inline-block;

}

.realshit li.folded > .realshit-closed {

    display: none;

}

.realshit li.unfolded > .realshit-open {

    display: none;

}

.aurabox{

background: url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/the-great-hippo/scp_trans.png") center no-repeat;

float: center;

}

.align-center

{

text-align: center

}

**SCP-9487:** NoimydnE

**Author:** 

**Word Count:** ~2000

**Reading Time:** 7-11 minutes.

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Pending significant breakthroughs in oneironautics, direct containment of SCP-9487 is infeasible. Instead, Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor online forums and social media, particularly those focused on the sharing of dreams, for descriptions of SCP-9487. Where possible, civilian hosts of SCP-9487 are to be identified, and, following migration, amnesticized. Hosts who are Foundation personnel are to be advised to refrain from allowing SCP-9487 to migrate until its presence causes a downturn in work efficiency. Additionally, personnel with any Level-1 clearances or above may be given access to this document to elucidate their condition.

---

**Description:** SCP-9487 is a commensalisticDenoting a type of symbiotic relationship where one partner benefits and the other is largely unaffected. phenomenon in the oneirosphere A sub-domain of reality made up of the combined dreams of all life that experiences them. A subset of the noosphere. which manifests as a recurring dream affecting exactly one human being at any given time. During SCP-9487, the sleeping psyche of the affected subject (hereafter "host") finds itself in a space (or sequence of spaces) containing vignettes depicting past significant events in the host's life.

In most cases, vignettes consist of rooms containing one or more objects with a human form representing the host or other human subjects, posed so as to depict their actions or emotional state during the event the vignette signifies. Other props may also appear, filling in the context of the scene.  See Addendum 9487-B-1 for examples and exceptions to this general description.  Regardless of the form taken, hosts universally report being able to discern the meaning of each vignette.

Upon attempting to proceed past the vignette representing the most recent significant event in the host's life, they will wake and SCP-9487 will migrate to a new host. There are no known instances of the same person being affected by SCP-9487 twice. This could be due to simple statistical improbability, as SCP-9487 appears to select hosts at random. 

The total count of vignettes is inconsistent between hosts, but correlates heavily with age. The events which are represented as vignettes are not necessarily ones which the host themselves considers significant, or even consciously recalls occurring. Hosts report full lucidity while experiencing SCP-9487, regardless of their normal propensity for lucid dreaming. However, they are unable to manipulate SCP-9487 in the ways that lucid dreaming typically enables. This is because SCP-9487 does not affect the personal dreamscape of the host, but instead transports the psyche of the host elsewhere within the oneirosphere.

If the host wakes before "completing" SCP-9487 by progressing beyond the last vignette, it will recur upon their next falling asleep. As SCP-9487 does not fulfill all of the physiological functions of regular sleep, long-term hosting of SCP-9487 in this manner leads to gradually worsening symptoms similar to those of acute sleep deprivation.In all but the most severe cases, symptoms abate upon completion of SCP-9487 and the resumption of regular sleep. Additionally, from the first recurrence onwards, SCP-9487-1 will manifest within SCP-9487.

SCP-9487-1 is a humanoid entity bearing the appearance of a middle-aged Caucasian individual of indeterminate gender.While personal biases of certain hosts have caused them to erroneously identify SCP-9487-1 as male or female, it is neither. It is the sole animate entity within SCP-9487, and the only element which is static between hosts.

SCP-9487-1 will typically locate the host soon after they begin experiencing SCP-9487 and approach, introducing itself as "Harper Morris" and offering to accompany the host through SCP-9487. Should the offer be rejected, SCP-9487-1 will demanifest; If accepted, it will accompany the host for the remainder of SCP-9487, viewing vignettes along with them and offering commentary and counsel.

SCP-9487-1 is generally docile, but may be angered by behaviour it deems disruptive. Additionally, it may react with hostility to the presence of any subjects other than the host. Such as oneironauts.  In either case, it will eject the unwelcome presence from SCP-9487. This results in the ejected subject waking, ~~with no ill effects.~~ See addendum 9487-B-1, case 5: "*Izumi Jones*" 

**ADDENDUM 9487-B-1: PAST CASES**

---

The following is a record of a number of past manifestations of SCP-9487, selected based on notability or illustrative qualities. Names of hosts have been anonymized for privacy. Manifestations are catalogued as follows:

Host pseudonymVocationNotable for

 *Description of form SCP-9487 took*

 *Description of relevant events.*

 _

---

 _

Adam BenekeJanitorial staff, Site-125First recorded instance.

 *Vignettes were apartments in the likeness of ones host had lived in, entered as normal through the entrance and exited through the bathroom door. Persons were represented by store display mannequins.*

 *Beneke brought SCP-9487 to Foundation attention one day after his experiencing it, when, "on a lark," he correctly input the 6-digit keypad code to storage locker 5 on his first attempt, despite not being cleared to know it. He immediately closed the door again and reported the incident to his direct supervisors. He professed to have seen the code because one of the vignettes he had witnessed was his first in-person interview with Site-125 administrator J.Rivers, who coincidentally had his personal computer open to a plain-text readout of the code at the time, among others. Beneke was lightly reprimanded, and his memory of SCP-9487 excised. Rivers was disciplined for endangering Site security.*

 _

---

 _

Christopher DimarcoSinger-Songwriter.Potential breach of normalcy.

 *Vignettes were large glass aquariums inhabited by porcelain statues, connected by a single hallway spanning the entire length.*

 *Dimarco's autobiographical concept album "China Beach" (2006), described by the artist as "inspired by this weird fucking dream [he] had," is based on SCP-9487.*

 _

---

 _

Eleanor FiligreeJunior Researcher, Site-210Highly nonstandard manifestation

 *A single room containing a bookshelf. Each book within described a vignette in iambic decameter.*

 *Filigree attributes the highly nonstandard manifestation to her expressive agnosia.* Impaired ability to judge the emotional states of others from facial expressions 

 _

---

 _

Gabriel HerstahlD-class personnel, Site-260First outside incursion into SCP-9487.

 *Carriages of a stationary train. Vignettes were outside the train itself, viewable from the windows. Persons depicted by scarecrows.*

 *Herstahl experienced an incomplete SCP-9487 during testing of an unrelated anomaly. Foundation oneironautA person able to breach the boundary of their own personal dreamscape, thus enabling traversal of the oneirosphere at large. A lesser form of reality bender.  Izumi Jones was subsequently successfully introduced into SCP-9487 during a test and was able to accompany Herstahl, but was repeatedly forcibly ejected from SCP-9487 when attempting to leave his vicinity. Additionally, Herstahl discovered one of the vignettes contained conclusive evidence exonerating him of the first-degree murder charge which led to his death row sentencing and subsequent enrollment as D-class. Herstahl was amnesticized at the end of testing and returned to regular D-class duties.*

 _

---

 _

Izumi JonesFoundation oneironaut, Site-92**[REDACTED]**

 *Irrelevant.*

 *Jones was forced awake during an unrelated procedure, and began to experience SCP-9487 upon their next falling asleep. Rigorous testing of SCP-9487 commenced, culminating in a procedure devised by Jones involving the induction of a coma to prevent ejection from SCP-9487.*

 _

 _

 _

## **[DATA EXPUNGED]**

 _

 _

 _

*As a result, Jones entered a vegetative state, followed two days later by brain death. Jones was subsequently euthanized.*

Any future tests involving exploration of SCP-9487 by oneironauts must be approved by a three-quarters supermajority verdict from the Foundation Ethics Committee or ordered by a member of the O5 council.

 _

---

 _

Kim LorentzJunior Researcher, Site-19Illustrative

*Concrete corridors connected end-to-end, mimicking those of Site-19. Vignettes were interview logs.*

 *Lorentz cited SCP-9487 among the reasons for transitioning, having previously only confided in close friends about her doubts regarding her gender. Such personal epiphanies are commonly reported by SCP-9487 hosts; Drastic positive or negative changes in personal mood, life outlook, or self-image are a typical long-term outcome. This is not anomalous.*

 _

---

 _

Michael NewmanSenior ResearcherIllustrative

*A movie theater. Vignettes were thirty-second short films shown one after another, each styled after 1920s expressionist cinema.*

 *Newman's vignettes depicted traumatic scenes from his childhood. Resurgence of related memories led to a nervous breakdown. Newman was amnesticized per his request, and was able to return to work. Past hosts of SCP-9487 may be amnesticized upon such request, or if memories of SCP-9487 are found to cause an unacceptable reduction in work performance.*

 _

---

 _

Olivia PriceBiologistFirst recorded appearance of SCP-9487-1

*An elevator which would reveal new vignettes on each subsequent floor. Persons represented by unfired clay sculptures.*

 *Price contacted Foundation front Sid's A pizzeria located in Chicago  and spoke a Foundation keyphrase, describing that a figure in SCP-9487 had instructed her to do so. Foundation agents questioned and amnesticized her.*

 _

---

 _

Quincy ReedsResearcher, oneironautics Dep., Site-92Illustrative.

*Sections of a field of wheat separated by fencing.*

 *Reeds' productivity was negatively affected by grief over the death of Izumi Jones, before abruptly returning to normal without explanation. Eventual sleep studies confirmed Reeds to have been experiencing SCP-9487 for months without disclosing it. Despite his extended hosting of SCP-9487, Reeds displayed none of the associated symptoms. He complied with requests to complete SCP-9487 and was offered grief counseling or amnesticization, of which he chose the former. Reeds' productivity remains acceptable following the incident. Personnel are reminded that unapproved and/or undisclosed use of an anomaly for personal reasons, such as the processing of grief, is against employee guidelines, and is grounds for disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.*

  _

---

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

## **WARNING**

THE VERSION OF DOCUMENT SCP-9487 YOU ARE ATTEMPTING TO ACCESS IS **5/9487** CLASSIFIED. UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS WILL RESULT IN DEATH.

---

### [# SUBMIT CREDENTIALS]

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** To avoid suspicion regarding the true nature of SCP-9487 from arising among Foundation personnel, disinformation has been inserted into other SCP-9487 documentation. This disinformation claims, among other things, that SCP-9487 does not exclusively target Foundation personnel and that SCP-9487-1 is deceased. In any cases of contradiction, this document is the authoritative version.

SCP-9487 currently poses a gradually diminishing but unquantifiable danger to the collective unconscious, potentially severe enough to cause a number of K-class Scenarios. To prevent this risk from becoming actualized, the body of SCP-9487-1 is to be kept on life support in the Intensive Care Unit of the medical wing of Site-3. In the event that the psyche of SCP-9487-1 destabilizes, class-B amnestics are to be used to remedy. Following the confirmed decommissioning of SCP-9487, SCP-9487-1 may be euthanized if it does not enter brain-death naturally.

---

**Description:** SCP-9487 is Intradimensional Site-6, located in the boundary separating the oneirosphere from the greater noosphere. InSite-6 was deliberately created by the Foundation Department of Oneironautics for security and surveillance purposes, but several errors in the design process caused the inSite to malfunction to the point that it cannot be used for its intended purpose, and is in the process of being decommissioned.

SCP-9487-1 is the sole employee of SCP-9487. Its duties consist of maintaining the stability and overseeing the deconstruction of SCP-9487, processing the backlog of data contained within it, and concealing its true nature from the Foundation personnel who are targeted to be audited by it.

---

**Addendum 9487-A-1: History:** SCP-9487 was created for the purposes of pre-empting sedition, defection, and other treasonous behaviour through auditing the memories of Foundation personnel during their sleep. This approach was enabled by then-recent breakthroughs in oneironautics allowing for the creation of artificial spaces in the oneirosphere: Dreams without dreamers.

Such dreams would not be malleable to non-oneironauts, but would nevertheless induce mental eversion, the externalization of the subconscious mind characteristic of dreams. In the case of SCP-9487, the designed space would retrieve the lived experience of the target, filter based on assigned criteria, and store the remaining information in a separate unit in the noosphere. The proposal found favor among the O5 council primarily because the project would require almost zero funding, was effectively self-censoring, and would be trivial to clean up in the event of mishap.

The key failure is thought to be the mistaken belief that non-oneironauts would be unable to effect change in SCP-9487; This was true on an individual and conscious scale, but subconscious pressure exerted over hundreds of targets caused gradual semiotic drift, which was allowed to compound by the lack of a dreamer. The effects of this include:

# The shifting of a key failsafe, intended to allow personnel working on SCP-9487 to retain memory of it while awake, to instead apply to all Foundation personnel.

# The automatic selection of a new target without input or oversight.

# Increasingly metaphorical interpretations of data, to the point it is often interpretable only by the target.

# *All* data, regardless of notability or relevance, being stored in the noosphere, unless specially "internalized" by the target.

# Resulting from all of the aforementioned, a bloating of scale that eventually rendered the inSite inalterable by Foundation oneironauts, preventing remediation of the situation.

The end result was the noospheric storage unit of inSite-6 being overwhelmed with amounts of data it was incapable of storing. This would have eventually caused the storage unit to fail, contaminating the collective unconscious with the experiences of random Foundation personnel, including experiences which were blatantly anomalous, traumatic or hazardous.

To prevent this eventuality, Foundation oneironaut Garin Petrosian volunteered to be administered Class-F amnestics and have SCP-9487 transplanted over their own dreamscape, retrofitting themself as the dreamer of inSite-6. This process led to Petrosian being designated SCP-9487-1.

The merging of SCP-9487-1 and SCP-9487 remains incomplete due to the scope of the task. Premature termination of SCP-9487-1 would result in the demanifestation of only the oneirospheric component of SCP-9487, and the actualization of the scenario described above. The merging is expected to finalize within the next ~~15~~ ~~25~~ 50 years. The successor program to SCP-9487 has been functioning without incident for 10 years.

---

<details>
<summary>Показать/скрыть блок</summary>

</details>

<< [SCP-9486](SCP-9486) | SCP-9487 | [SCP-9488](SCP-9488) >>

=====

=====
