**Item #:** SCP-9049

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Until a more permanent solution has been developed, crematoriums, cadaver labs, and funeral homes are to extract all teeth from acquired corpses and send them to the nearest functional Foundation Dental Pulverization Station (FDPS), where standard protocol is to be enacted. A mandate issued by the Department of Mass Communication requiring that all lost deciduous and wisdom teeth be immediately sent to the nearest FDPS is to be enforced globally by all world governments. Foundation operatives are to remove skeletons from mass burial sites for tooth retrieval at a rate that can effectively compensate for tooth generation not otherwise accounted for.

**Description:** SCP-9049 is a limit on the total number of human teeth that can exist on Earth at any given time. The precise value of this limit is not known, though estimates have placed it at around 7.0*10¹². When the number of human teeth on Earth exceeds SCP-9049, no new teeth will develop; this affects the growth of deciduous and permanent teeth as well as all known anomalous dental sources. SCP-9049 was first reached on October 19th, 2049; the Total Tooth Count (TTC) did not dip below SCP-9049 until May 3rd, 2050, at which point the correlation between the TTC and the ongoing global dental catastrophe was discovered. The exact nature of SCP-9049 is not yet fully understood.

**Addendum 9049.1 — Operation VAULT**

On July 6th, 2050, the O5 Council (5 YEA, 4 NAY, 4 ABSTAIN) ratified a proposal to relocate the Site-19 Dental Reserve to Lunar Area-32. This project would, given current population growth estimates, theoretically prevent the TTC from exceeding SCP-9049 for 20-25 years assuming no further Foundation action. 

At present, the relocation of other Foundation Dental Reserves to extraterrestrial or extraspatial locations would be detrimental to Foundation operations to a degree considered unacceptable, and as such has been ruled out.

<< [SCP-9048](SCP-9048) | SCP-9049 | [SCP-9050](SCP-9050) >>
