.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

| NOTICE |
| --- |
| Item is to be transferred to Site-17 on 2020/07/24. Direct your inquiries accordingly. |

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9649 is currently being held in a safe at the Anomalous Item section of Site-43 at the request of Dr. Marcus Addams. Transfer to Site-17 pending.

While it is believed only one bottle of SCP-9649 has been made, Foundation webcrawlers are to search for any mention of SCP-9649 online, and retrieve all SCP-9649-1 instances while making up cover stories for the person's detainment and change in character.

As retrieving SCP-9649 instances needs great luck, testing of SCP-9649 requires high level clearance..That being? Did you forget to replace the placeholder, Dr. Addams? [RE]  More specifically, it needs R&E chair and A&O chief permission, sorry..Doctor, please just change the last sentence instead. [RE]

**Description:** SCP-9649 is a white bottle containing, at the time of writing, 49 pills. The bottle measures to 15.2 x 12.7 x 10.2 centimeters, with the walls being ~0.015 centimeters thick. "dado's life changing pills" is written in green marker on the bottle. No other text is present. Request to analyze the plastic-like material of the container is pending..Dr. Addams, I remember you drilling into me to "not clog up the lab queue". Would your advice not fit here? [RE]

Orally taking a pill results in the subject expiring, with their consciousness transferring to and replacing another human being, hereby designated SCP-9649-1. A lack of tests due to the difficulty of retrieving SCP-9649-1 instances means we are currently unable to deduce any patterns in who will become an instance. Currently, the target of possession is believed to be random, with the furthest target being like 1200 km. from the subject consuming a pill.

**Discovery:** On 2020/07/20, a Foundation employee came across a post on the image board website "Parawatch" and alerted Pursuit and Suppression due to possible connections to dado..I'll add the proper GOI number for you. Wish it was easier to find them. [RE]  Due to the post being 1 day old at the time it was discovered, and lack of updates from the poster, MTF-Pi43, City Slickers.That's Pi-1. [DE]  was urgently dispatched to the traced location of the poster in Kansas City. Upon arrival, MTF-Pi43.Pi-1^^*^^. [DE]   found the corpse of 23-year-old Andrew Bost. Examination shows he died shortly after his posts about SCP-9649 were made, with future testing confirming him becoming an instance of SCP-9649-1, from hereon referred to as ~~SCP-9649-1~~ SCP-9649-α. Still trying to locate him.

An examination of SCP-9649- α's personal computer revealed communication with dado and nothing else of note..Were you expecting something, doctor? [RE] Excerpt from the messaging history is listed below. "dado" is red.

= **2020/07/17 15:32**

##blue| Hey, is this the "pharmaceutical" guy? ##

##blue| Saw this number on a flier during a trip to Florida a month back.## 

##red|you are talking to dado yes. also laundry and tan guy.##

##blue| That's swell but I'm really only interested in the pill part. Can I ask for something pretty vague?##

##red|dado likes unvague orders better. dado also likes money, so go ahead.##

##blue| Do you have some "medicine" to help get a new perspective? These last few years have been so monotonous, <...>##.Message shortened due to being too long [MA] ##blue| and I don't think I see another way.## .Doesn't this leave out possible information on SCP-9649-α? Is it really ok to cut it out? [RE]

##red|dado sends condo lances.##

##blue| Thanks, sorry for not getting to the point right away.##

##red|dado licensed psychologist, it is still business.##.There's no chance this is true, correct? [MA] ^^**|**^^ .

Respectfully, doctor, it is literally our job to figure that out. I do doubt the claim, however. [RE] ##red|so u want eyedrops that make you see green? world wont be monotone. world will be monochrome, tough.##

##blue| Sorry, that's cool, but I'd like something a bit more life changing.##

##red|o. why not say so from the start? not vague at all.##

##blue| Is it not?##

##red|dado will send it over. where nearest pee oh box?##

---

= **2020/07/17 18:14**

##blue| I got back from a lecture and it's already delivered? I thought you were in Florida?##

##red|am. amazon prime. good investment.##

##blue| Fair enough? Also, people are loving the bottle design.## .Most likely a reference to the Parawatch post, made 8 minutes prior to the conversation. [MA] 

##red|dado can put it on shirt if u want. could sell well.##

##blue| I'm good, thanks. Anyways, time to see, then. Pleasure doing business.##

##red|wait, dado remembered you can only take one pill before leaving. can dado have the other's back? u can keep cool bottle. made with polypetranine.##

##red|dado send bottle to you if you contact dado from new life.##

##red|hello?##

##red|o right.##

---

= **2020/07/18 12:02**

##red|shopping list:

mung bean sprouts 1 bag

chicken breast

orange curry powder

200g. ginger##

**Testing:** Due to the results of the 1st test showing its probably too risky try this again, seeing as the reclamation of the subject was only available due to him messing up, no further testing is accepted at the moment.

Since we do not have any D-Class here,.At Site-43. I believe we need to specify, due to the planned transfer. [RE]  the testing was done at Site-88, for which the logistics cost ████ CAD .I will add that to the budget report, but I believe we shouldn't share it on an unrestricted file, no? [RE]  or 22% of the research project's budget.

**Test Overseer:** Samuel Webber

**Test procedures**

Test subject D-55423 consumes one instance of SCP-9649. .Is this section needed if it's a single step? [RE]

**Results:**

Shortly after gulping down the pill, D-55423 collapsed and was deemed completely dead with no brain activity. Autopsy showed traces of almond extract in his bloodstream. 14 minutes later, assigned Foundation member Brandon received a call from a person claiming to be D-55423 (from now on referred to as SCP-9649-β) due to him somehow still believing the number still belonged to his former gang member, who was arrested at the same time as he. The subject stated "Yo Jeremiah, you won't believe this, they uh, the feds. They turned me into a grandpa. I need like 200 for a plane ticket." . Is this part necessary? [RE] 

Using call tracing, SCP-9649-β was located in Mexico City, Mexico, having possessed the body of a 60-year-old local man. Further questioning reveals SCP-9649-β has no memories the original body owner had, with only the memories of D-55423 present. No additional effects to the subject's psyche have been noted. SCP-9649-β returned to D-class containment at Site-88, and re-designation to D-55423 is planned if no anomalous properties are noted within a month..Why were you so adamant about this, doctor? [RE]

**Results:**. You already had a results section, doctor. [RE]

Test revealed anomalous properties of the object, and proved the existence of SCP-9649-α, who was retroactively given said designation. Further tests are on hold.

**Notes:** (optional).Why is this here? [RE]

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** Dr. Marcus Addams

**From:** Dr. Robert Elkman

**Date:** 2020/07/23

**Subject:** On SCP-9649 and tomorrow's transfer

---

Dear Dr. Addams

I must apologize for how long it took for me to understand the purpose of this "draft", and I hope that does not lead to any unease. It has been two years since you have taken me under your wing as your assistant, and while that makes less than half of the time you spent here at Site-43 after your transfer, it is my entire life on this side of the veil. For that, I am immensely grateful.

I have left a corrected version of SCP-9649's file on your desk. I hope it is up to your standards, and that it will let you rest easy knowing I can hold out as a Jr. Researcher when the scheduled promotion comes. Being indirect like this to make me break the habit of excusing strange behaviors of others is a testament to your brilliance, and I thank you for this final test. I'm sure Site-17 will welcome you back warmly.

@@ @@

</details>

<details>
<summary><LEVEL 4 CLEARANCE REQUIRED></summary>

| ADDENDUM X-1 |
| --- |
| Since 2020/07/21, Chair of Psychology and Parapsychology  Dr. Nhung T. Ngo had received, directly and indirectly, informal reports of Dr. Addams' unusual behavior.. Employees are to be reminded that strange activity from staff is to be reported. We learnt this back in [1996](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5751).   It is believed that, despite obvious signs noticed when reviewing security footage featuring Dr. Addams, the number of reports sent is low due to his lack of social connections within Site-43 due to his (previous) personality. All received messages are listed below. |

**To:** Dr. Nhung T. Ngo

**From:** Charles J. Barnesees. H&R employee for 12 years. 

**Date:** 2020/07/21

**Subject:** Ghosts of Christmas Past?

---

I was walking to my office this morning after getting a cup of coffee (from the coffee machine, and it tasted good, unlike what some want me to believe), and had a funny encounter. It was after the morning rush, so the halls were near empty. There was Deering, though, mopping up some spill, and, of course, [Doug](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5056) in the mirror next to him. From the other side though, I saw Marcus Addams walking down the hall as if he forgot to lock a containment cell - haven't seen him look this anxious since we told him about the grey man's containment procedures when he first came. Apparently, he completely forgot about them too - as Deering turned around, Doug decided to get a better view, and went from the mirror on the wall to the puddle on the floor, right where Addams was staring. The poor guy got so startled he made a leap forward as if stepping on gray man's face would kill him, and rammed me so hard I almost fell over. Spilled lukewarm coffee all over my hand.

Now, this wouldn't be the weirdest thing - sometimes, I forget about the thing myself - but the confusing part was that Addams started apologizing. Yeah, that's right, he didn't tell me to put a lid on the cup as per regulations, or just leave: he apologized, and took out a napkin to wipe off my wet palm. I was too stunned to resist.

So say, I know I only have level 2 clearance, but could you tell me if there's some Christmas ghost SCP that visits people before they transfer sites or something? I'm struggling to rationalize this.

@@ @@

| Text exchange between Dr. Harold R. Blank and Dr. William W. Wettle, submitted to Dr. Nhung T. Ngo by the former. |
| --- |
### William W. Wettle

 Do you know Addams? The one from 17 that got transferred here? Managed to find a way to insult me before his orientation even finished, too? 

 It's the director's job to remember every employee that's mean to you, not mine. 

 Very funny. He asked me if my luck was anomalous after I knocked over a janitor's bucket and broke my nose. Probably thought he was the funniest man in Canada.

 As if that's a high bar.

 Oh, that guy

 I don't think he was joking

 Did a streak of great luck happen, forcing you to complain about half a decade old stuff, Willie?

 As if. Anyway, the asshole is transferring in like two days.

 We don't have the budget to throw a party every time someone who doesn't like you leaves.

 And today I ate shit in front of him again.

 Let me finish.

 And guess what? He runs up to me, helps me stand up, and asks if I'm fine. He even offered to come with me to the infirmary! Told him to fuck off.

 After 5 years, right before his transfer, he shows some compassion? He's messing with me, right? Acting nice so I feel bad about cheering when he leaves, because I'll be thinking about how maybe, just maybe, he changed as a person?

 I can't see any other reason someone would be nice to you.

Aside from pity, bless LeBlanc's kind soul.

 You're not helping.

If gaslighting was Addams' plan, then it worked perfectly. 

 What do I even do? Tell Zaman? Hell will he do, make the guy transfer to another site?

##gray| Harold L. Blank took a screenshot of this conversation##

 I can fucking see that!

**To:** Dr. Nhung T. Ngo

**From:** Dr. Aubrey Jeans

**Date:** 2020/07/22

**Subject:** [Report] Possibly waning memory of a researcher.. Employees should be reminded to follow official report formats when tagging emails with [Report]. However, Dr. Jeans was not reprimanded due to sufficiently clear information. 

Yesterday, I noticed Dr. Addams studying the map poster at R&E. He has been on the site longer than me, so, confused, I asked if something was wrong. He made a joke about the transfer he has tomorrow making him "forget the layout the way you forget literature class after graduating". I am not an expert on this, but I can say without doubt that I have never heard a more forced joke before, but I've never seen Marcus make jokes in the first place, so perhaps it's normal for him. I led him to the lab he was scheduled at to analyze the composition of some pill.

Since I was concerned these were signs of memory loss, I lurked around the lab to see how he works (for which I got a stern email from security, so please, as a department Chair, could you kindly revoke the warning?), and, to my surprise, he was working surprisingly fast. I've only worked with him a couple of times, but he was always unenthusiastic - it seemed more like he was 65 instead of 35. Not this time, though - he cooperated well with his assistant, and moved like he actually cared about his job here at 43. I am unsure of what to make of this, which is why I write to you. Perhaps these being his last days at the site he loathes motivated him? Didn't want to embarrass himself when he's back at 17? I'm a R&E researcher, not a psychologist, but you are.

| Due to this suspicious behavior, it was found that the employee who found SCP-9649 was none other than Dr. Marcus Addams, despite him never visiting Parawatch or similar sites prior to this. This, alongside unusual behavior and the request to be assigned to the object, rose suspicions that Dr. Addams was overwritten by the effects of SCP-9649, becoming SCP-9649-α. |
| --- |
| Addendum X-2 |
| On 2020/07/23, Dr. Addams, referred to as SCP-9649-α from hereon out, was summoned to the office of site Director McInnis, not aware his identity was found. The transcript of the conversation that followed is listed below. |

**Personnel present:** Dir. McInnis, SCP-9649-α.

**Time:** 13:22

**Location:** Site-43 director's office.

---

[SCP-9649-α enters the office. He appears visibly nervous.]

**SCP-9649-α:** What would this be about, director?

**McInnis:** Please, take a seat. I'm sure you already know.

**SCP-9649-α:** Could you please, uh, make sure we're... on the same page?

**McInnis:** Trying to hold your cards even now is somewhat commendable, Mr. Bost, but judging by the documents you looked up, you should know we aren't that easy to fool.

[SCP-9649-α lowers his head, looking at the floor. He is shaking.]

**SCP-9649-α:** Ah, well- ah. Yeah. Didn't... Didn't think I'd last long.

**McInnis:** You lasted longer than you should've, given that people here did not care for Dr. Addams, sans one. Still, most would have lost composure much earlier, I believe.

[SCP-9649-α remains silent, still trembling]

**McInnis:** ...Do try to calm down.

**SCP-9649-α:** What will happen to me now, then?

**McInnis:** You will be demoted, seeing as you don't quite meet the requirements to be a level three researcher. I'm sure that part is no surprise.

**SCP-9649-α:** Oh... I heard from Webber, researchers that fuck up hard become D-class. So that-

**McInnis:** We do not have D-class at Site-43, Mr. Bost.

**SCP-9649-α:** Huh?

**McInnis:** You have written it in the file for SCP-9649, too. We don't have D-class here.

**SCP-9649-α:** So...

**McInnis:** Normally, when someone from the other side of the Veil is affected by the anomalous, we amnesticise them and send them back to live their lives. However, I believe it's rather obvious why we cannot do the same for you, no?

[Dir. McInnis gestures at SCP-9649-α, who looks down at his own torso.]

**SCP-9649-α:** I... I guess so?

**McInnis:** You got accustomed to the Foundation rather fast. Over the weekend, by reading just a few articles, you managed to familiarize yourself enough with their format that what you wrote for SCP-9649 looked... It did not look anywhere up to standards, actually, but it  was an attempt. Though, why is it that you reported the item? If we didn't know it existed, we would have a harder time realizing what happened to Marcus.

[SCP-9649-α's trembling recedes. He raises his head.]

**SCP-9649-α:** Wouldn't be that much harder, from what I've seen. And besides, I only knew about one anomaly, so I could try to write about that, rather than something... You know, something. Thought it could get me some time to, I don't know, leave?

**McInnis:** That reasoning isn't bad, even if rather risky. On to-

**SCP-9649-α:** I'm sorry. For Addams. What I wanted, I... I didn't think *this* would happen. I, I-

**McInnis:** Try to collect yourself, Mr. Bost. Everyone at the Foundation knows the risk of working here. It's a shame what happened to Dr. Addams, but you shouldn't blame yourself for it. No one from the "normal" world would've expected this to happen.

**SCP-9649-α:** Still, I-

[SCP-9649-α pauses, looking at Dir. McInnis]

**SCP-9649-α:** Sorry, you were going to say something, before I uh, cut you off.

**McInnis:** Glad you calmed down, Mr. Bost. Now then, it seems you were a biochemistry major?

**SCP-9649-α:** No, director. I was going to be, by next spring. But, well, I don't think they'll let me back in when I look 50.

**McInnis:** Dr. Addams is 35.

**SCP-9649-α:** What? But-

**McInnis:** Regardless, most employees here have doctorates, some have a few. Still, there are other slots to fill. I won't pretend you have many options, Mr. Bost, but you still have some. We *will* need to keep you here for the time being, so do not worry about the transfer, but you can choose what we'll keep you *as*. There is a newly promoted junior researcher that could use an assistant.

**SCP-9649-α:** You think I won't just get in the way?

**McInnis:** He's already used to it, and I'm sure you'll get along. If you accept, I'll tell you where to go. Of course, you have other options, like becoming a janitor, or us dropping you off in a hospital with full amnesia. Though, I'm sure neither of us wants that last option.

[Brief silence]

**SCP-9649-α:** I'll take it, the position. A new chance is what I wanted, isn't it?

[Director McInnis produces a keycard from his pocket, placing it on the desk.]

**McInnis:** The specifics will be discussed tomorrow. For now, go re-introduce yourself to your new boss. He will give you a proper orientation. Once you're on payroll, remember not to keep things from us, alright?

[SCP-9649-α nods, stands up, and takes the card. He turns to leave.]

**McInnis:** Ah, one more question, *Dr. Addams*.

**SCP-9649-α:** Y-yes, director?

**McInnis:** How did you access SCiPnet? It's password protected, changing every month.

**SCP-9649-α:** Oh. I just used his Reddit password.

[Silence lasting approximately 6 seconds ]

**McInnis:** And it worked?

**SCP-9649-α:** Yes.

[Silence lasting approximately 8 seconds ]

**McInnis:** Maybe it's not so bad he got replaced.

[Silence lasting approximately 6 seconds ]

**McInnis:** ...You can leave now.

*[Transcript ends]*

| Following this, SCP-9649-α was amnesticised to remove any information above clearance level 1, and assigned to be the assistant of Junior Researcher Dr. Robert Elkman. Any personnel below clearance level 4 inquiring about the demotion and behavior of Dr. Marcus Addams are to be told he is suffering from amnesia in order to prevent drop in employee morale..There are 29 known anomalies that can instantly mindwipe, replace, or otherwise kill a person completely at random. It is best that most employees know of 0.  SCP-9649-α is not allowed to leave Site-43. |
| --- |
| SCP-9649-α is to have his anomalous status removed in 3 months given no further incidents happen, and no new anomalous effects manifest. SCP-9649 will remain at Site-43 indefinitely. |
</details>

| NOTICE |
| --- |
| As Dr. Marcus Addams has been demoted due to symptoms of amnesia, all further inquiries are to go to the new project head Junior Researcher Dr. Robert Elkman. SCP-9649's transfer to Site-17 has been canceled. |

<< [SCP-9648](SCP-9648) | SCP-9649 | [SCP-9650](SCP-9650) >>
