.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9509 can no longer be contained. A collection of SCP-9509 instances is currently sealed inside Provisional Site-9509. It should be noted that Provisional Site-9509 does not have enough capacity to hold the bacterial colonies for longer than another ~9 months. 

Provisional Site-9509 was a Foundation research base disguised as a medium-sized New Zealand Antarctic research base. It was used to survey the Antarctic before the discovery of SCP-9509-1, and to store, research and retrieve SCP-9509-1 instances afterwards. It has an internal volume of 5040 cubic metres, with walls 15cm thick.

Efforts are being made to supercool Provisional Site-9509 in the hopes of slowing down the growth of SCP-9509. Current attempts involve feeding the sprinkler system with a constant supply of liquid nitrogen. This has slowed the growth of the microbe by ~9000%, causing the reproduction rate of the bacteria to go from once every 24 hours to once every ~90 days. 

The bacteria currently occupies ~12.5% of the total internal volume of Provisional Site-9509. This leaves just three replications before the bacteria fully occupies Provisional Site-9509, and just four replications before the bacteria breaches outside the base. That is ~9 months and ~12 months respectively. 

---

**Description:** SCP-9509-1 is a section of ice in the Antarctic capable of reaching a surface temperature of 0 kelvin. It can fully remove all the energy from a system. Research into how this property could benefit humanity was underway before the release of SCP-9509.

SCP-9509 is a species of bacteria that can fully replicate without any external energy. Factors such as high temperatures, extreme pH levels and the lack of resources that could normally denature, kill or slow the growth of bacteria do not have an effect on SCP-9509. Only extremely low temperatures have been shown to have an affect on the replication and growth rate of SCP-9509. SCP-9509 is fully self sufficient in a closed system, capable to produce enough thermal energy to sustain its own energy needs. SCP-9509 is estimated to replicate once every 24 hours, though faster replication rates have been observed inside of human hosts.

When SCP-9509 enters a human host, the host's body becomes an optimal breeding ground for the bacteria. The bacteria will continuously replicate and form colonies inside the host's lungs, stomach and other orifices, preventing natural bodily functions like breathing and eating. The host is believed to feel hunger, thirst and constant pain from not being able to breathe.

SCP-9509 also prevents the death of its hosts. Whenever a host's cell is damaged, it is immediately replaced by an instance of SCP-9509. Hosts that have had their entire bodies filled with SCP-9509 constantly move and shift as their bodies are stretched by the growing colonies of SCP-9509 inside them. These hosts have also tend to lose bodily control, and cannot cease moving, either by walking, crawling or spasming on the ground. 

---

**Discovery** SCP-9509-1 was recovered from a layer of ice underneath Provisional Site-9509. It was discovered when temperature sensors were recording abnormally low results around the Site. The affected ice was then carved out and carefully transported into Provisional Site-9509 for further inspection. 

SCP-9509 was later discovered inside a layer of SCP-9509-1, trapped within tiny air bubbles within the ice. No growth of SCP-9509 was recorded at the time, due to the anomalously cold surface of SCP-9509-1.

---

**Addendum 1:** On ██/██/██26 Junior Researcher Josef Newman was holding onto a core of SCP-9509-1 when the core slipped from his gloves. The following was taken from security camera feed inside room-F3. 

= **SECURITY VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE: ██/██/██26** 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Junior Researcher Josef Newman drops the core of SCP-9509-1.*

**Josef Newman:** Shit!

**Nathan Tindill:** Nice one, Josef. Real nice.

**Simon Blanc:** What happened?

**Josef Newman:** I jus- I just dropped the tube! No biggie. Fuck, it's gone everywhere though! Looks like a squid shat itself in here... 

**Simon Blanc:** We'll have to torch the room then! Don't get that bacteria on you Josef, we're still not sure what it does.

**Josef Newman:** Still? I'd have thought you lot would have figured it out by now. No backing out on the bet, right?

**Nathan Tindill:** Like you've made any progress on the ice. Bet stands.

**Simon Blanc:** Right, that's enough bickering. Everybody out now!

*Both research teams evacuate and room-F3 of the base is torched, as per protocol. It takes a total of 35 minutes.*

*Both research teams re-enter room-F3. Josef Newman is observed going to pick up the shards of SCP-9509-1.*

**Nathan Tindill:** Hey, shouldn't that black sludge be all burnt away?

**Simon Blanc:** Should be, yeah. What's up?

**Nathan Tindill:** It's still all here. None of it's been burnt.

**Simon Blanc:** What?

*Josef Newman begins to cough loudly.*

**Nathan Tindill:** Newman? You ok?

*Junior Researcher Josef Newman proceeds to vomit out a black slurry through his mouth.*

*The camera is blocked by droplets of the bacterial vomit.*

*Two gunshots are audible.*

---

[END LOG]

---

‎ 

‎ 

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING SECTION OF THIS FILE IS ONLY TO BE ACCESSED WITH EXPLICIT PERMISSION FROM A MEMBER OF THE O5 COUNCIL

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT PERMISSION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE TERMINATION.

‎ 

‎ 

---

**Addendum 2:** The following was a transcript between Senior Researcher Simon Blanc and Foundation Biohazard Safety Lead Sophie Lear. 

= **CALL LOG**

---

**DATE: ██/██/██26** 

---

[BEGIN CALL]

**Simon Blanc:** This is Blanc calling from Site-███. We fucked up. We got a bacterial specimen that's refusing to die - its colonies just keep getting bigger, even after torching procedures. It's actually just fucking everywhere, we can't stop it from growing. Tried everything! It's- we've already lost one Junior Researcher, Josef Newman. 

**Sophie Lear:** ...

**Simon Blanc:** Sophie? Hello? You there?

**Sophie Lear:** Yes, sorry, it's just Jo- never mind. 

**Simon Blanc:** You and Josef used to be close... I'm sorry. 

**Sophie Lear:** Don't be. How did it escape?

**Simon Blanc:** Josef dropped the one of the ice cores, and it shattered into bits. 

*Something close to a mix between a gag and a cough is heard.*

**Simon Blanc:** Oh god... he's right outside the door! 

**Sophie Lear:** Who is? 

**Simon Blanc:** Josef!

**Sophie Lear:** Did you not terminate him when he showed signs of an infection?

**Simon Blanc:** I did! Or at least, I tried to! I shot him right in the head and he crumpled to the floor. But... he just fucking rose up as if nothing had happened, black blood streaming over his face. And his eyes... oh my fucking god his eyes... even covered in blood they were pleading at me to do it again. To shoot him. To free him. So I shot him again. Guess what? Didn't work. 

**Sophie Lear:** Right, I got it. Can you please describe how he looks? Does he have any other symptoms? Tell me everything. Remember to stay calm.

**Simon Blanc:** Well he's... he's constantly vomiting out bacteria. Like a heavy stream of it, unending. Its coming out through his eyes, nose, just everything. It looks like his flesh is melting... I can't really tell. Its stretching wildly and turning black. Might be from the pressure of the bacteria? I'm just- sorry, I'm just not quite sure. I don't know if this is useful, but it stinks like shit too. You are sending help, right?

**Sophie Lear:** ...

**Simon Blanc:** Sophie?

**Sophie Lear:** Yes, sorry, I was just calling in members of the MTF to come in. Help is on the way.

**Simon Blanc:** Thank god... Wait, hey! Stop it!

*A banging noise is heard.*

**Sophie Lear:** What's going on?

**Simon Blanc:** It's Daniel! He's going crazy, trying to break open the window!

**Sophie Lear:** Tell him to stop. Immediately. 

**Simon Blanc:** I'm trying! Daniel, I'm getting help! Just stop! Please! It's not working! Oh my fucking god...

**Sophie Lear:** Simon. Terminate him.

**Simon Blanc:** Hang on, I can stop him, just wait- Daniel!

*There are sounds of a scuffle, then a gunshot is heard.*

**Sophie Lear:** Simon? Hello? 

*Sophie is met with no response. The banging on the window resumes, even louder and more frantic this time.*

**Sophie Lear:** ...

**Sophie Lear:** I'm sorry.

*The inner door to the west wing is opened remotely.*

*Screaming is heard.*

---

[END CALL]

---

**Addendum 3:** The following is a conversation between Sophie Lear's two assistants, Lily Adams and Samuel Dawson.

**Lily Adams:** It's still growing, and soon the base won't be big enough to contain it.

**Samuel Dawson:** So? What happens then?

**Lily Adams:** The base explodes. It explodes from the pressure of the bacteria. Then we're fucked.

**Samuel Dawson:** Fucked? The researchers never managed to find a way to kill it?

**Lily Adams:** No. They're still in there. The researchers. Still alive. We couldn't save them. It had to be done. If even a single cell escaped, we would all probably be covered by now. An NK-Class "Grey Goo" End of the World Scenario. It was a necessary sacrifice. It- it was needed. She made the right decision. 

**Samuel Dawson:** Still alive? I thought you said the bacteria filled the lungs and guts of its hosts. How could anybody survive that? Even if they did survive, wouldn't it hurt? Like hell?

**Lily Adams:** The bacteria starts replacing the host's cells. Think of it as mimicry. Extremely fast mimicry. Any damage to original cells, and they are immediately replaced with the microbe's ones, evolved to mimic their function. Even worse, the bacteria itself produces toxins that slowly damage the inner cells of the host - that's why they've been getting assimilated from the inside out. At least, that's just my personal theory. Sophie told me it does hurt. Like hell.

**Samuel Dawson:** Sophie... have you noticed how stressed she's been getting lately? I've been hearing sobbing... and vomiting. 

**Lily Adams:** I think anybody would be stressed if they're put in charge of this fucking thing. Only 9 months left till... well... I don't want to think about it.

**Samuel Dawson:** I do feel so bad though... I wish we could help her, but she doesn't tell you much either huh?

**Lily Adams:** ...

**Lily Adams:** She tells me more than you, that's for sure.

**Samuel Dawson:** Hey wait- hang on, does that mean she likes you more than me?

**Lily Adams:** Not telling.

**Samuel Dawson:** Hey wait, hold on! Come back here!

[END OF TRANSCRIPT]

---

**Addendum 4:** The following was a group of messages sent to Sophie Lear from a member of MTF Beta-7 (“Maz Hatters”) who was sent to check on the status of Provisional Site-9509.

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email Chain?</summary>

**To:** Sophie Lear

**From:** Mike Robertson

**Subject:** Site-███ Status

---

Hey Sophie, 

I'm on-site now. Looks normal enough from the outside, but don't worry, I remember your briefing. Won't open anything I'm pretty sad we have to split up for so long, so you'll have to make it up to me when I get back! 

Moving onto a more serious topic, I did check the walls and doors like you asked. Doors look fine at the moment, they're all still air tight and sealed. The walls are fine too. If anything, it would be the windows that break first. Speaking of the windows, it's near impossible to see them. They're all covered in the bacteria. They're still fine though, I didn't see any cracks or chips.

I am hearing weird splashing and sloshing sounds coming from inside, like somebody's wading through water. Not quite sure what to make of that. It's kind of disgusting.

Get some rest alright? No use beating yourself up over what happened here. I know you've been stressing recently, but from what I've heard, it wasn't your fault. Take a break if you need to. When I come back I'd better see happy Sophie again!

Already missing you,

Mike

@@ @@

**To:** Sophie Lear

**From:** Mike Robertson

**Subject:** Site-███ Status Update

---

Sophie? It grew a heart. Right in the centre of the west wing window. It's a proper heart, anatomically correct. Got shiny black veins and everything. And its beating. I don't want you to feel bad now, and I know its not your fault... but it's beating ···/———/··· . SOS. The universal help signal. It's been beating for hours on end non-stop, each pulse perfectly timed. I just... I thought you should know. You were just doing your job. Don't beat yourself up over it. Remember to rest!

Love,

Mike

@@ @@

**To:** Sophie Lear

**From:** Mike Robertson

**Subject:** Site-███ Status Update

---

Sophie. It's got a face now. Same west window, same level of detail. Those eyes that just stare straight into your soul... it's fucking unnerving. It's got a mouth too... and I think it's mouthing something. "You did this." Did you do it Sophie? I never really got the full story did I? Just let me know what's going on. Please. 

Mike

@@ @@

**To:** Sophie Lear

**From:** Mike Robertson

**Subject:** Site-███ Status Update

---

Hey Sophie? I'd like a response soon. The face - it grew vocal chords. It's telling me things. Things I don't want to believe. Things I know can't be true. But... I'm not so sure now.

I know it's probably lying, I know I shouldn't believe such tall tales... but just a part of me hesitates...

What am I?

When I get back, I want to hear things from your own mouth. Everything. I want... I want you to tell me it's all lies. Please.

Mike

</details>

---

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Access Addendum 5</summary>

On May ██, ████, Mike Robertson stopped sending regular messages. A team sent to Provisional Site-9509 found him dead in the snow outside the west window, with a a large hole in his stomach and no skull or brain. Strangely, there was no blood, and the corpse seemed to only be comprised of the two most outer layers of skin, the epidermis and the dermis. There were multiple pustules on the layers of skin and a lack of internal organs and tissues. One of the MTF members sent to investigate reportedly described it as a "hollowed-out skin suit". 

The team also reported a new face on the east window of the building. The face shared a striking resemblance to Junior Researcher Josef Newman. It appeared to be in a state of constant pain, screaming continuously. Another member of MTF Beta-7 (“Maz Hatters”) was assigned to keep watch on the base.

</details>
 

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Access Addendum 6</summary>

On April ██, ████, Sophie Lear was reported missing. An old doctor's prescription, a note and a scientific method printed onto a sheet of paper were found inside a hidden compartment in her apartment. 

**Object 1:**

#### Rx PRESCRIPTION FORM

For: Mike Robertson

Date: ██/██/██24

Directions: 

IsoniazidA drug treatment for tuberculosis. 100mg

1 tab qpm acTake 1 tablet every night, before eating.

Disp #50 (fifty)

Refills O

-- Dr Marie Pout

---

**Object 2:**

 

**Mycobacterium Tuberculosis sgRNA injection** 

1. Pipette 250μl CRISPR-Cas9 solution into microcentrifuge tube. Close lid, and discard micropipette tip.

2. Place marked tube in ice.

3. Using an inoculation loop, place 1-2 colonies of Mycobacterium TuberculosisThe bacterium responsible for tuberculosis. into microcentrifuge tube. Replace lid and dissolve the bacteria. Place tube back onto ice.

4. Add 5μl of sgRNAA genetic sequence responsible for the targeting of a CRIPSR-Cas9 complex. solution into tube. 

5. Heatshock samples at 42°C for exactly 50 seconds.

6. Using a new pipette tip, add 250μl of nutrient-broth to tube and incubate at room temperature for 10 minutes.

7. Inject contents of tube into subject.

---

**Object 3:**

He's still fucking coughing. This isn't what you promised me.

@@ @@

How many days has it been since you told me to "just wait"? I don't give a rats ass where you sourced your RNA from, it obviously didn't work. 

@@ @@

I'm not waiting any longer, Josef. I'm doing it myself.

@@ @@

If the council hears even a single word about this, I'll make sure you go down too.

---

@@ @@

‎ 

Sophie's corpse was found later kneeled in front of a public bathroom toilet near her apartment, missing all her internal organs. No wound in her stomach was noted, though pustules were present on her corpse, and her skull was reported missing, similar to the corpse of Mike Robertson.

The specific nucleotide sequence for the Mycobacterium Tuberculosis sgRNA was not found. Lily Adams was placed as the new supervisor of Provisional Site-9509.

</details>
 

@@ @@

---

‎

‎

<< [SCP-9508](SCP-9508) | SCP-9509 | [SCP-9510](SCP-9510) >>

Fig 1.1

Filename: British Antarctic Base in Antarctica

Author: Pedro Szekely 

License: CC BY-SA 2.0

Source Link: https://www.flickr.com/photos/pedrosz/52874666542/

Additional Notes: Image resized.

‎ 

Fig 1.2

Filename: Ice Core

Author: Dargaud

License: CC BY-SA 4.0 

Source Link: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ice_core_extracted_at_Talos_Dome_showing_an_ash_layer_corresponding_to_the_Toba_eruption.jpg

Additional Notes: Image resized.

‎ 

Fig 1.3

Filename: Paenibacillus dendritiformis colony

Author: Prof. Eshel Ben-Jacob

License: CC BY-SA 3.0 

Source Link: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Paenibacillus_dendritiformis_colony_(Chiral_morphotype).jpg

Additional Notes: Image resized.

‎
