.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 1)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

**Item #:** SCP-9454

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9454-A and SCP-9454-B are to be contained together in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-06-3 in Wing C. No personnel assigned to SCP-9454, excepting D-Class, may have United Kingdom citizenship.

The mental and emotional well being of SCP-9454-A and SCP-9454-B are to be closely monitored. If one or both are observed to be mentally or emotionally distressed for a period of over one week, weekly psychological counseling will be assigned to it as per humanoid containment protocol 06-03-9454.

**Description:** SCP-9454 is the anomalous relationship between SCP-9454-A and SCP-9454-B. SCP-9454-A is a female fairy with an estimated height of 35 cm with wings that resemble those of *Polyommatus Icarus*.Commonly known as the European common blue butterfly.  SCP-9454-B is the collective designation for SCP-9454-A's husbands, both past and present. Based on SCP-9454-A's testimony, all SCP-9454-B instances have been non-anomalous humans that have held public office within the United Kingdom. Only one SCP-9454-B instance has been observed to exist at any time.

The anomalous properties of SCP-9454 manifest when the current SCP-9454-B instance expires, after which SCP-9454-A enters into a state of depression. During this time, when an male human that meets SCP-9454-B prerequisites makes eye contact with SCP-9454-A, he will experience a massive instantaneous psychological shift with changes such as impaired critical reasoning skills, hallucinations of a religious nature, and severe disorientation. ~~There is no known means to reduce SCP-9454-B’s symptoms.~~ (See addendum 3.)

**Discovery:** SCP-9454-A and SCP-9454-B were discovered on 2/26/1994 in a psychological hospital in Hertford, England, when Foundation agents were alerted to a fairy breaking into the hospital. When foundation agents arrived on scene, SCP-9454-A was found to have forced itself into the room of Clifford Barnes, a local councilman who had been committed the day before after his family reported his unusual behavior. When agents attempted to contain SCP-9454-A, it complained about not being able to see Mr. Barnes, who it claimed to be married to, despite Mr. Barnes already being married. Both were brought to Site-06-03 for further questioning. Amnestics were given to all involved civilians, and misinformation was spread in local media to explain Mr. Barnes’ disappearance.

**Addendum 1 Interview Log**

> 

> **Interviewed:** Adelaide and Clifford Barnes

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Blanc

> 

> **Date:** 2/27/1994

> 

> **Foreword:** Initial interview at Site-06-3. Note that this interview was conducted before the interviewed were designated as SCP-9454-A and SCP-9454-B.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *Dr. Blanc is seated calmly in a bright interview room. Adelaide and Mr. Barnes sit opposite of him, Adelaide is visibly agitated while Mr. Barnes is facing away from Dr. Blanc, distracted by an unknown source*

> 

> **Dr. Blanc:** Is the tape recording? Okay, good. Hello, I am Dr. Blanc. Could you two please state your name for the record?

> 

> **Adelaide:** Who are you? Where are we? How dare you kidnap me, I'll have the royal guards hang you for this!

> 

> **Dr. Blanc:** Please remain calm. We're not kidnappers, we're here to help you. Now please state your name.

> 

> **Adelaide:** Okay... okay. I am calm. I am calm. My name is Queen Adelaide of the English Fairyland. And this is-

> 

> **Dr. Blanc:** Thank you, but I need him to speak for himself. Your name, sir?

> 

> *Mr. Barnes turns toward Dr. Blanc*

> 

> **Mr. Barnes:** My name is Clifford Barmes.

> 

> **Dr. Blanc:** Sorry, did I hear you say 'Barmes'? Are you feeling alright?

> 

> **Adelaide:** He's fine. He's fine. He's just nervous you see? Right, dear?

> 

> **Mr. Barnes:** Of course dear.

> 

> **Dr. Blanc:** I... I see. Now I need to make a few things clear: you're under the protection of the SCP Foundation, we're here to protect you and get to the bottom of what happened.

> 

> **Adelaide:** Do you mean in the hospital? I assure you I was only trying to get him out of there. He doesn't belong in there, with all the insane riffraff.

> 

> **Dr. Blanc:** Well according to the hospital records, Mr. Barnes' psychological changes seemed very severe when they took committed him. Why are you so certain that he's fine?

> 

> *Adelaide clinches her fists and flies in front of Dr. Blanc's face* 

> 

> **Adelaide:** Because he is my husband, that's how I know! I know him well enough to know what he's like!

> 

> **Dr. Blanc:** Please return to your seat. Moving on, how long have you two been together?

> 

> *Adelaide returns to her seat silently*

> 

> **Mr. Barnes:** Umm... five or six... actually I don't seem to remember. Everything's fuzzy...

> 

> **Dr. Blanc:** Ms. Adelaide, can you tell me?

> 

> **Adelaide:** We have been married for seven weeks now; we married on the day we met.

> 

> **Dr. Blanc:** Hmm, I'm getting a better picture of what's going on here. Thank you for your time, I would like to discuss this with my colleagues.

> 

> **<End Log>**

In the weeks following this interview, SCP-9454-A complained repeatedly about its deteriorating mental health in containment. As a result, on 3/3/1994, the Ethics Committee approved  psychological counseling for SCP-9454-A.

**Addendum 2 Therapy Log 1**

> **Patient:** SCP-9454-A

> 

> **Therapist:** Dr. Jennifer Dodson

> 

> **Date:** 5/2/1994

> 

> **Foreword:** Dr. Jennifer Dodson was assigned to SCP-9454-A’s therapy because of her experience in therapy for humanoid anomalies. For the sake of brevity, all following therapy logs can be assumed to have the same patient and therapist.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Good morning. My name is Jennifer Dodson, you can call me Jen if you want to keep things more casual. I'm going to make a wild guess and assume you don't want to be called SCP-9454-A in our meetings, right?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Yes, my name is Queen Adelaide, and you must address me as such. 

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Queen Adelaide it is then. So, how are you feeling today?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I'm fine, thank you.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** I know this must be hard, but I really want to help you. If you talk about your feelings then you'll feel better.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I- okay, I will. I feel scared. Is that satisfactory?

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Okay, that's a good start. What are you scared of?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** All of this I suppose. I am used to being watched and judged, but this is nothing like royal court. I feel like I'm being slowly dissected, bit by bit, by all these doctors. I don't even understand why this is all happening. My only respite is my husband.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** I know containment is scary, I've spoken to a lot of folks just like you over the years. I'd be happy to answer any unanswered questions about it.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Well, for one, I don't know what I've done to end up here! I didn't do anything wrong!

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** No one is saying you did something wrong. The reason you're here is that something strange is happening with you and your husband.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** What do you mean strange? My husband is no different than on the day we met!

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Well, that's the issue. Based on our understanding, his personality changed dramatically the day you met. According to our background checks, it seems like all your husbands have experienced dramatic shifts like that.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** That cannot be, there must be some sort of mistake. If that were true, all my deceased husbands... I cannot bear the thought!

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Bear the thought of what?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** That I changed my husband's lives for the worse.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** It's okay, take a deep breath for a minute, like this. In... and out, slowly.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Okay, in... and out. In... and out.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** How do you feel now?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I feel slightly better.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Good, try doing that when you feel emotionally overwhelmed. I'm afraid we're out of time today, but if you need some help in a crisis, please don't be afraid to ask the guards for me.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Thank you.

> 

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-9454-A returned to its room without incident. No changes in SCP-9454's anomalous properties were noted.

**Addendum 3 Therapy Log 2**

> 

> **Date:** 5/9/1994

> 

> **Foreword:** Prior to this session, SCP-9454-A was noted to be in an agitated state for several days prior and had engaged in verbal altercations with staff.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *Dr. Dodson is seen sitting in her desk chair when a knocking sound is heard.*

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Come on in! The door is open.

> 

> *SCP-9454-A enters the room, flanked by 2 site security officers. SCP-9454-A sits on the office couch while the security officers leave the room.*

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Good to see you today. How are you feeling?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I am... frustrated right now.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Okay, what are you frustrated about?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I-I do not know. Perhaps everything?

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** I've heard that you've had issues with some of the staff on site. Is everything alright?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** No, not exactly. I just yelled to relieve some of the pain I feel.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** What kind of pain?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Guilt, maybe. The more I have thought about what you said, the more sense it made. I mean, what are the chances I would keep finding men who were just like Wharton.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Who is Wharton? Someone you knew?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** More than just knew, Goodwin Wharton was my second husband. However, he passed away at a young age, even by human standards.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** How long ago was this?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** It was almost 300 years ago by this point. When he died, I did not know what to do with myself. But I met another man like him, then another and another. It never even crossed my mind how strange it was.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** It's okay, you couldn't have known. You can't blame yourself, we have countless people discovering.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** But still, I don't know why this has all happened! I hurt so many of these men and I never even realized it! What did they do to deserve this? 

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Here, let's try practicing deep breaths again. In... and out. In... and out.

>  

> **SCP-9454-A:** In... and out. In... and out.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Do you feel more in control now?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Yes, I think so. I am going to apologize to all the scientists I fought with when I get the chance.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** That's a great first step. Why don't you think more on what we've discussed here? I'm afraid we're out of time today, I'll schedule you for next week.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Thank you, Dr. Dodson.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Following this session, a small decrease in the intensity of SCP-9454-B's hallucinations was noted. The cause is being investigated.

The day after this session, a note was given to Dr. Blanc by SCP-9454-A apologizing for its previous actions. 

**Addendum 4 Therapy Log 3**

> **Date:** 5/16/1994

> 

> **Foreword:** Over the previous week, SCP-9454-A was noted to have slept approximately 3-5 hours each night. A dose of insomnia medication was offered but refused.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *Dr. Dodson is seen sitting behind her office desk poring over files. SCP-9454-A is seen pacing along the opposite side of the room.*

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Good afternoon, Queen Adelaide. How are you feeling today?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I am exhausted. Each night I have been thinking about what I could have done to prevent all this. If I kept Goodwin alive for a little bit longer then maybe... everything would be better now.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** I've seen a lot of patients wrestle with these 'what if' scenarios in their heads. Goodwin may be gone, but what matters is what you do with your future.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** But maybe if I had just had stronger mental constitution I could have learned to cope with his death and none of this would have happened! Or maybe if I took him to the fairy doctors he could have lived the rest of his life with me.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** But you can't do anything about that now. What you can do is try to make amends for your mistakes while you can.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I know you are correct, but these thoughts torment me at night and my breathing exercises only help a little.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Maybe we should try something different then. Why don't we talk about Goodwin? What was he like to you?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I- to me he was an ideal man, he was adventurous and mysterious. He was a great man, what is there to say?

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** I still don't have a strong picture of who he was, tell me a little more.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Well, he loved going on daring adventures to find hidden gold in the countryside. I never did have a chance to go along.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** So you never got a chance to join him. How do you feel about that?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Well, to tell the truth, I wish I could have joined him. I begged to come along so many times, but he insisted that the English countryside was too dangerous for royalty.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** So how long was he away on these adventures?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Several days, sometimes weeks. 

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Did you ever feel resentful that he was gone?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Maybe... but I still loved him all the same.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** I'd like you to reflect on how you feel about him after this session. I know it may not be comfortable, but it will help. But before I end this session, I have a request. Do you have anything that reminds you of Goodwin in your belongings?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I have something to that effect, but why?

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** I'd like you to bring it to our next session.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I will. I just have one more thing I would like to say. You can call me just Adelaide from now on.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Sounds good, Adelaide. Have a good week.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Following this session, SCP-9454-B was noted to have stronger critical reasoning skills. The leading tentative hypothesis is that SCP-9454-B's symptoms are associated with SCP-9454-A's mental state.

**Addendum 5 Therapy Log 4**

> **Date:** 5/23/1994

> 

> **Foreword:** In the past week, SCP-9454-A was noted to be lethargic and uninterested in most activities.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *Dr. Dodson is seated in her office chair typing when SCP-9454-A enters the room carrying a fairy-sized weathered envelope.*

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Good morning, Adelaide, how's everything today?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I am feeling empty and I worry that I am a burden.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** You're not a burden. You've just made mistakes.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Thank you, Dr. Dodson. I have the memento that you asked me to bring.

> 

> *SCP-9454-A carefully opens the envelope and shares the paper inside.*

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** This is my marriage certificate, the last proof of my marriage to Goodwin. It was signed by the fairy pope himself.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** How do you feel about this?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** For the longest time, I looked upon it with mixed feelings. But now that I have thought more about my relationship with him, I cannot say I feel any good about it anymore.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Why do you think that is?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I have thought more about how he treated me back then. I think now that he was not as good of a husband as I thought he was. What kind of husband leaves his wife and duties to go on adventures? I feel like such a fool.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** You're not a fool, Adelaide. I am sure it was a different sort of time back then, when it was normal for a woman's feelings to be ignored like that.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** You are right, but I do not know how to move on. I have kept his memory alive for so long that I do not know what life would be without one.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** This may sound a little strange, but how much do you know of humanity's monarchies?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Not much I am afraid. I was educated by the fairy clergy, and they were ambivalent to human affairs.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Well, in the human world, there have been many queens who've ruled without a king by her side, such as Cleopatra or Queen Elizabeth I. Maybe you could follow in their footsteps?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I do not know if I could rule alone. The English Fairyland has never had a queen rule alone like that. The people would certainly doubt my ability to rule.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Well, you just have to prove them wrong! You can do it!

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Thank you for the encouragement. It will not be easy, but I must do it if I want to move on.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Good to hear. Now before you go, I would like you to write down your ideas for the future. You don't have to share them if you don't want to, however.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** That's a great idea! I will start on that right away.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Following this session, SCP-9454-B showed further reduction of anomalous symptoms, including a partial return to its original personality.

**Addendum 6 Therapy Log 5**

> **Date:** 5/30/1994

> 

> **Foreword:** In the past week, SCP-9454-A was observed to be in a healthier mental state compared to previous weeks.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *Dr. Dodson is seen reviewing papers on her desk when SCP-9454-A enters the room smiling.*

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Good morning, Adelaide. You seem to be doing well today.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Partly. I feel a mixture of excitement and fear about my future.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Why's that?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Well, it is because I have moved on from Wharton, for good. He was never good to me, I recognize that now. But now that I have moved on my future is completely unknown.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** I can see why that would be scary, but you have a bright future ahead of you. Don't forget that.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Thank you. I have also spent much of my time finding ways to atone for what I did to my other former husbands.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** What do you plan to do?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I still have not figured that out yet. All but Clifford are gone, but I will find a way to give closure to them.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Good to hear. Now I know that you may not be able to leave this site for a long time, but have you put more thought into the idea of ruling alone?

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** I have, I want to lead Fairyland into a better tomorrow. My time in the human realm has taught me many lessons on how I can improve fairy society. I want to introduce democracy to Fairyland.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** That's a great thing to aspire to. You have made good progress.

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Thank you, doctor. I have something I wanted you to have.

> 

> *SCP-9454-A produces a fairy-sized formal envelope.*

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** This is an official proclamation that formally proclaims you as a Hero of Fairyland. It is the highest honor a foreigner can receive.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** I humbly accept, thank you Adelaide. 

> 

> **SCP-9454-A:** Only a hero could save a queen from centuries of grief in such a short time.

> 

> **Dr. Dodson:** Thank you. I'm sorry to say but we are out of time for today. Be sure to remember the lessons I taught you wherever life takes you.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Following this session, SCP-9454-B's anomalous symptoms ceased entirely.

**Addendum 7**

After 4 weeks of no resurgence in anomalous effects, the O-5 Council held a vote to reclassify SCP-9454 as Safe, release SCP-9454-B and modify the containment procedures of SCP-9454-A. The vote was unanimous in favor. 

On 6/28/1994, Adelaide and Clifford Barnes were released to their former residences in Fairyland and Hertford with cover stories to explain their disappearances. Under containment conditions, Queen Adelaide is to never leave Fairyland to prevent potential Veil breaches and assist the Foundation in concealing the Fairy Kingdom's existence and contain its population. Foundation agents are to covertly monitor both for any resurgence in anomalous activity.

**Addendum 8**

On 7/7/1994, a letter from Queen Adelaide was mailed to Site-06-03. The text is transcribed below.

To the SCP Foundation,

@@ @@

I would like to thank you for giving me a second chance at life. I have spent centuries grieving a man who never really cared about me, and in doing I have hurt dozens of innocent men. I have ensured that these men will be remembered not as kings but as victims of my mistakes. As for Clifford Barnes, the last victim of my mistakes, I hope he can lead a fulfilling life with his family.

@@ @@

I would like to thank Jennifer Dodson in particular. She showed me that I have self worth far beyond my relationship to any man. In other news, I have returned to the throne of Fairyland alone. As my first declaration, I have introduced a democratic legislature to govern. I hope this will ensure that this will create a more just future for Fairyland.

@@ @@

Thank you.

Queen Adelaide of Fairyland 

<< [SCP-9453](SCP-9453) | SCP-9454 | [SCP-9455](SCP-9455) >>
