**Item-#:** SCP-9650

**Object Class:** Babel The item poses a threat to the SCP Foundation’s influence in a key territory. 

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation personnel are to prepare the following, three times a day:

* 3/4 cup yuca flour

* 1/4 cup masarepa

* 1 1/2 cup quesito paisano

* 1 stick melted unsalted butter

* 1 egg

The yuca flour, masarepa, and quesito paisano are to be mixed thoroughly, with the melted butter and egg added gradually until dough is formed. An oven should be preheated to 400 degrees Fahrenheit beforehand. The dough will then be divided evenly into balls, and then placed on a tray or foil to bake until golden brown.

The fresh batch should immediately be wrapped in insulative foil wrap, and placed in a prepared wicker basket. One heavy duty balloon is to be attached to the basket, and filled with pressurized helium gas procured from a Winn-Dixie supermarket. It is then to be released into the sky for consumption.

**Description:** SCP-9650 is the designation for a perpetually rising homemade hot air balloon and carriage. It does not appear to require sustained fuel for travel. Both SCP-9650 and its inhabitants are impervious to material and environmental conditions.

**Discovery:** On [ 24-08-2016](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colombian_peace_process ), rumors began circulating around the suburban town of Davie, Florida, USA, that twin brothers James and Camillo Diaz were hoarding large quantities of compressed helium gas. The Diaz brothers, 18, dropped out of college classes following the sudden death of their mother, Aura Machado. Police were initially hesitant to respond to reports filed by the local HOA, citing no apparent illegality despite the strangeness of the behavior. Local Winn-Dixie Cashier, John Weiner, noted that the teenage brothers did not appear suspicious when purchasing the compressed helium, and even joked with the cashiers at the grocery store.

Later that week, James Diaz posted to his personal Twitter account that he "had big plans coming" and "will reach the sky" soon. Concerns of a possible terrorist attack were discarded by police upon assessment of purchases and the relative safety of helium gas.

On [ 24-11-2016](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-38096179 ), James Diaz posted an invitation to his followers to attend a "going-away" party on their front lawn. Approximately an hour after the attendees arrived, the brothers carried out SCP-9650 from their garage. James thanked the attendees for coming, and expressed excitement for this next chapter in history. Following this statement, the two released the flow of helium gas into SCP-9650, which subsequently inflated rapidly. Onlookers watched as SCP-9650 lifted, and rose slowly into the sky. Several attendees notified the authorities, however there was no tenable course of intervention at the time.

The Foundation became involved after the brothers' balloon continued to accelerate its rise well past the 8 hour mark and beyond acceptable heights for continued safety. Attendees and police were amnesticized, and the Foundation continued to monitor the balloon, since designated SCP-9650, for signs of wear. Despite having reached a height unsafe for human presence, the brothers appeared to be in perfect health, on several occasions waving to Foundation drones that passed by.

After 87 hours, SCP-9650 left Earth's atmosphere, traveling at an anomalously high speed. Containment procedures were put in place following this; James and Camillo Diaz were also awarded the Foundation Medallion Award for Outstanding Courage.

**Addendum:** On [ 03-01-2026](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2026_United_States_strikes_in_Venezuela ), the Diaz brothers and SCP-9650 officially left the solar system.

<< [SCP-9649](SCP-9649) | SCP-9650 | [SCP-9651](SCP-9651) >>

]
