====

=====

**SCP-9693:** Ziggy Forgot Guitar

**Author:** 

---

**Content Warning:** Mentions and implications of sexual abuse

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to SCP-9693's nature as a concluded event, all containment efforts are to be focused on information management. All public references to SCP-9693, including photos, recordings, and interviews, should be monitored and controlled to prevent the release of classified information. Such public intelligence is to be examined for further insight into SCP-9693's effect on those present during its occurrence, including the collection of prediction data for any possible future SCP-9693 or other related events.

**Description:** SCP-9693 was a concert performed in the Washington DC Capital Centre on 11/11/74 by the musician David Bowie as part of the third leg of the "Diamond Dogs Tour." All those attending SCP-9693, including backstage workers, on-stage performers, and audience members, spontaneously vanished multiple times during the performances of the songs "Moonage Daydream," "Memory of a Free Festival", and "It's Gonna Be Me," reappearing when the songs presumably ended. During these periods, those outside the concert hall reported uninterrupted music and cheering. Photos and videos of the performances remain despite no photographers physically present at the time they were taken.

Following SCP-9693, attendees and performers described no awareness of the event, incognizant to any anomalous happenings or lost time. When pressed or directly questioned, a sparse number reported the performances becoming "personal" during the disappearance windows, as well as other unusual events including: 

* Instruments playing by themselves

* Two audience members replacing David Bowie as performers

* Multiple David Bowie's manifesting and performing together

* An audience member and a backstage worker dancing on stage and engaging in intense intimacy

* Precipitation falling from the concert hall ceiling

When interviewed, attendees did not view these occurrences as abnormal.

There were also reports of multiple forms of emotional and physical dysphoria and depression among several attendees. Those affected described "foreign memories" relating to an unidentified man, hereafter referred to as SCP-9693-1. These memories seemingly pertain to sexual and romantic encounters with SCP-9693-1, physically attacking and killing SCP-9693-1, and being sexually abused by SCP-9693-1. Descriptions of SCP-9693-1 itself are inconclusive and varying.

Amnestic treatment has proven ineffective in removing or altering these memories.

**Supplemental Materials:** For additional files, see Document 9693-Archive-0K

= **ARCHIVED INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**DATE:** 7/3/1989

**NOTE:** An interview between Dr. Olena Borisova and POI-9693-74 Warren Henzler, conducted to examine SCP-9693's long-term psychological effects.

---

##### <BEGIN LOG>

*Borisova enters Henzler's home, who directs her to the living room. It is small, and the walls are decorated with posters depicting album covers from several musicians. The lighting is cold.*

**Henzler:** You're the music magazine people, right?

*Borisova takes a seat in an armchair while Henzler takes the sofa directly opposite.*

**Borisova:** Something like that. We're... doing a piece on the glamrock genre. Interviewing fans and the like.

**Henzler:** You're lucky to run into me then. I’ve got firsthand experience.

**Borisova:** Really? How's that?

**Henzler:** I currently write fashion editorials. Some of my better ones are over there. 

*Henzler points to a low bookshelf against a wall. Several framed newspaper clippings sit among personal family photos.*

**Henzler:** I get plenty of readers nowadays, but I used to work in costuming up at the Capital Centre. I was working there when Bowie performed back in '74. Managed a lot of his costumes myself.

**Borisova:** So you helped prepare the things David Bowie wore while he performed?

**Henzler:** Absolutely. Though I was just proud that my work managed to stay intact the whole way through. When he split himself in half and danced around on his hands? Man, that had me stressed. It's a miracle his jacket didn't come undone.

**Borisova:** I see. You enjoyed the performance then?

**Henzler:** As much as I could. I'm a big fan of music in general, as you can tell by the posters, and I felt very lucky that night, even though some things didn't pan out too well near the end.

**Borisova:** How do you mean?

*Henzler stares off, appearing distracted.*

**Henzler:** Don't mind it. Really. Just personal stuff. We were all figuring ourselves out back then. Hell, I'm still figuring myself out.

**Borisova:** Well, it does sound like it was a major highlight in your career. How has your life changed in the meantime?

**Henzler:** Oh, in many ways. I met my wife, had two lovely children, and I've had marginal success being a column editor.

**Borisova:** Your fashion articles, right?

**Henzler:** Yes.

*Henzler laughs.*

**Henzler:** Nothing as glamourous as working with Bowie, but I try to spotlight local talents. It's the best I can do.

**Borisova:** Are you happy, Mr. Henzler? With how things have turned out, that is.

*Henzler does not immediately respond, hesitant to answer.*

**Henzler:** ...

**Borisova:** Mr. Henzler?

**Henzler:** ...Yes. I think so. I hope so. But you have other questions, I'm sure.

##### <END LOG>

= **ARCHIVED RECORDING**

---

**DATE:** 2/5/1976

**NOTE:** A televised interview between David Bowie and a ABC7 news correspondent promoting the musician's "Isolar" tour and upcoming performance in Daly City, California. The following segment was excluded from the full airing of the interview after Foundation intervention.

---

##### <BEGIN LOG>

**Interviewer:** Now going back to this new tour, it has been surprising for many returning fans who've been to your other showings. Particularly the presentation you've established with these performances.

**Bowie:** I think, well, with that sort of thing, I try to keep my approach both more interesting and exciting. Not really for anyone else but mostly for myself. Incorporating the visual elements, the surreal elements into the performance, and removing distractions from the stage, is presenting, introducing, a unique challenge that I think is elevating the material.

**Interviewer:** Are there other performances you would say have challenged you in a similar way?

**Bowie:** Plenty. To get specific, there was one here in the States, in Landover, I think. Big stage, but the hall is dark. The whole room. Doesn't really let you see anyone's faces, not that I often do while performing.

**Interviewer:** Landover, Maryland? In DC?

**Bowie:** Right, it was there. Typical, run-of-the-mill performance, but wonderful too. All of us were really pushing ourselves, and we had a lot of audience interaction that night. We had a man there working, working there at the Centre, got really involved. And it was awful too. We lost a member during that actually.

**Interviewer:** Lost a member? As in part of your team? Did something bad happen?

**Bowie:** No, nothing serious. All on good terms, but very dramatic. Artistically, from my standpoint, very brilliant. It challenged me to match that energy, and it brought something really unique. Of course, I still had plenty of say, plenty of direction to give, but the audience was very involved, watching us lose themselves.

**Interviewer:** I'm afraid I don't know what you mean.

**Bowie:** Music, art, can influence and open people up in a lot of different ways. And sometimes it can get us to do things we'll end up regretting. Horrible things, for the sake of it. Not really my place to say much about it though, in any real sense. That particular show, when you come down to it, wasn't really mine. Hardly needed to be onstage at all. It was a humbling experience, and I've learned a lot from it.

##### <END LOG>

#### RECORD OF DISCOVERY

---

**Date:** 10/10/75

Technicians preparing the Washington DC Capital Centre for an upcoming concert reported signs of a disturbance within the building, describing unusual sounds and broken windows. Law enforcement responded, arriving at 23:08 EST.

The responding officers found no initial evidence of an attempted break-in. Investigating the concert hall proper, officers discovered a severed hand on the stage, tightly gripping the bridge of an acoustic guitar. The hand's fingerprints matched to a Marshall Whittaker. Whittaker was previously on file following a family dispute turned violent and had been missing for a year prior.

Placed between the strings of the guitar was a note:

> *My stardust,*

> 

> *Maybe things could have been better. Maybe in another life. But I feel guilty for being me. For what I do to you when we're together. I won't do that anymore. I know you'll find happiness. Just not with me.*

> 

> *Goodbye. I won't forget our song.*

No other evidence was found. Whittaker's case remains open.

---

]

<< [SCP-9692](SCP-9692) | SCP-9693| [SCP-9694](SCP-9694) >>

> **Filename:** David Bowie, Wash. DC (1974) (9369849269).jpg

> **Author:** Hunter Desportes

> **License:** CC-BY 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:David_Bowie,_Wash._DC_(1974)_(9369849269).jpg)

>
