=====

=====

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:scp-trans-pride">:scp-wiki:theme:scp-trans-pride</a> |trans-pride-logo= ~~] |trans-pride-footer= ~~]]]

**Item #:** SCP-9073

**Object Class:** Hypatia

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-9073’s manifestations cannot be predicted, actually containing it is infeasible. However, since it universally affects children, who are easily suggestible and will often assume that SCP-9073 was some manner of nightmare, this is not of great concern.

**Description:** SCP-9073 is an anomalous humanoid that appears outside of a small percentage of houses in the United States that meet certain conditions. These conditions include:

* The house is only inhabited by a single child, between 6 and 12 years of age.

* It is past 2200 hours.

* It is dark outside.

* The child is not asleep.

SCP-9073 manifestation entails the entity walking up to the house’s front door and repeatedly knocking and/or ringing the doorbell, requesting to be let in the house. Camera footage of the entity appears to show a tall man wreathed in shadow. Its voice and appearance have been universally referred to as unpleasant and disquieting.

SCP-9073 will continue knocking for 5-10 minutes. Should the child not open the door, it will slip two full size Hershey’s Brand chocolate bars under the door. Should the child consume the candy or open the door at any point, SCP-9073 will grab the child and teleport along with it to an unknown location. From here, the experience of the subject varies, though they will invariably be teleported back to their own bedroom, asleep, two hours later. SCP-9073 has not been noted to appear to the same subject twice.

**Addendum One:** The following is a collection of short summaries of SCP-9073 manifestations as recorded by the ones experiencing it. The full list is available to those assigned to the anomaly.

> **Subject:** Jeremy Fish, Age 9

> **Date:** 2/21/2009

> **Summary:** Fish stated that SCP-9073 took him to a “big and old house, where all the lights were broken” and then chased him while holding a needle and buttons. The sound of its running was described as similar to that of a dog on all fours and he repeatedly stated that it could “climb the walls.” At one point SCP-9073 grabbed Fish and forced him to look at it before “taking off a mask”, revealing a rotting feminine face and releasing him.

> **Additional Notes:** Fish’s parents stated that they had taken the boy to see the film *Coraline* recently and that he had been having nightmares about it, believing that SCP-9073’s manifestation was simply one of these dreams. In addition, the removal of a mask was noted as similar to a scene from *The Witches*, by Roald Dahl.

> **Subject:** Amy Ruttenberg, Age 7

> **Date:** 8/14/2007

> **Summary:** Ruttenberg did not open the door for SCP-9073 and instead ate one of the chocolate bars provided. SCP-9073 transported her to a hospital room where she vomited into a bucket for at least half an hour while SCP-9073 laughed at her, forcing her to eat both chocolate bars once she was finished vomiting. She stated that “it hurt worse than any tummy ache” and that she continued vomiting intermittently until finally SCP-9073 patted her on the head. This caused the cessation of all symptoms.

> **Additional Notes:** Ruttenberg has developed an aversion to chocolate and other candies, though her liking for lettuce and other vegetables has increased dramatically.

> **Subject:** William “Billy” Mink, Age 8

> **Date:** 12/01/2004

> **Summary:** Mink repeatedly noted that SCP-9073 had a voice and appearance similar to his father’s, stating that he opened the door immediately due to being “scared of a ‘hiding’”. SCP-9073 transported Mink to a space similar to an implausibly large walk-in closet, chasing him with a “big hook on a stick”, attempting to grab him by the pants and bring him to it. Mink stated that he hid behind a stack of blue dresses until the manifestation ended.

> **Additional Notes:** After hearing this story, Mink’s mother immediately filed for divorce and moved in with a close friend, taking her son with her.

**Addendum Two:** On 03/04/2010, Dr. Philip Perez conducted an experiment involving SCP-9073. By building a sub-structure beneath a home, yet one that could easily access the front door, he hoped to determine what would happen if an adult opened the door for SCP-9073.

The experiment was successful following two months of trial. When Dr. Perez opened the door, SCP-9073 showed signs of extreme confusion and annoyance before grabbing Dr. Perez and disappearing with him. Dr. Perez reappeared in his home ten hours later, unconscious, bleeding from multiple small bite wounds, and in a state of extreme traumatic shock. Though he recovered following therapeutic treatment, he has refused to comment on what SCP-9073 did to him.

All testing of this nature has been cancelled until further notice.

<< [SCP-9072](SCP-9072) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9074](SCP-9074) >>
