=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9058

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9058 is kept in a domestic feline containment chamber with standard amenities (toys, a cat tower, a cat bed, etc.) and automated feeding, watering, and waste disposal. The door to this containment chamber must be kept open at all times; signage around the cell will indicate that, despite the door being open, access remains denied to unauthorized personnel.

Once per ~~day~~ ~~week~~ month, SCP-9058's handlers are to enter its containment chamber to engage in play and evaluate its behavior. Additionally, medical checkups are performed annually, or whenever SCP-9058 appears to develop a health problem. SCP-9058 should not be removed from its cell unless absolutely necessary.

Individuals who are host to an instance of SCP-9058-A may be housed at Site-44.

**Description:** SCP-9058 is an adult male domestic cat; it weighs 4.9kg, has black fur, and is neutered. While SCP-9058 is apparently healthy and genetically and anatomically normal, it has not been observed to vocalize at all.

SCP-9058 is capable of walking directly through any closed door as though it were not present; doorways without an attached door are also traversable. SCP-9058 cannot voluntarily pass through a doorway if a door is present and open, but it can be carried or otherwise forced through.

When left to its own devices, SCP-9058 will enter a residential building and attempt to ingratiate itself with the occupant(s) through displays of affection and playfulness. If this is unsuccessful, SCP-9058 will leave and attempt again at a different building. If SCP-9058 is successful in being 'adopted' by the occupant(s), it will engage in activities typical of a cat introduced to a new environment.

Within several days of its arrival in a new home, SCP-9058 will attack one of the human residents in their sleep. To do so, it will approach a sleeping human and insert its front left paw into their mouth; the paw's toes will then rapidly extend into the target, developing new joints as necessary to navigate their interior. One toe will expand to fill the target's nasal cavity, another will extend into the subject's lungs, a third will enter the digestive system through the throat, and a fourth will sever the target's tongue and curl up into its approximate shape and position.

This process takes 40-50 seconds from start to finish; while the target is likely to awaken at some point during the procedure, they are only rarely able to seriously disrupt SCP-9058's attack. Once the attack is complete, SCP-9058 will shed its deformed toes and leave to find a new household; it regrows these toes over the next two days.

The toes that remain in the target, now collectively SCP-9058-A, will fuse to the flesh surrounding them, receiving nutrients from the host's bloodstream. SCP-9058-A interfere with the host's breathing, speaking, and eating; they occasionally twitch, but are otherwise motionless. Currently, SCP-9058-A cannot be surgically removed without causing major damage to the host.

SCP-9058 was discovered in suburban Minnesota following a string of unusual emergency room visits. It was then captured and transferred to a nearby site without difficulty.

**Addendum:** Containment history

When SCP-9058 was first brought to its containment cell after baseline testing, it responded affectionately to attending personnel and engaged in play and exploration that are normal for a healthy cat. On a few occasions, SCP-9058 sat in front of the doorway to its cell and watched passers-by for 15-30 minutes, but no other unusual behavior was noted.

Three days after transfer to its containment cell, SCP-9058's mood abruptly changed. It showed little interest in play, and rarely returned displays of affection from personnel. When it was not performing upkeep tasks (sleeping, grooming, etc.), SCP-9058 would typically return to sit in front of the doorway to its cell and look at the hall outside. On this same day, several SCP-9058-A hosts noted an increase in SCP-9058-A's motion and were observed to involuntarily chirp and meow multiple times.

SCP-9058's activity levels have continued to decline; at time of writing, it has almost totally foregone sleep and grooming, and has significantly reduced its food intake. It currently spends upwards of 23 hours per day sitting in front of the doorway, almost motionless. When personnel enter its cell, SCP-9058 will turn to watch them, but will not move from its spot or otherwise interact with them.

Meanwhile, SCP-9058-A activity has become near-constant, bruising to the hosts' surrounding tissue. The hosts involuntarily growl, wail, and hiss at all times, causing distress to themselves and others.

= << [SCP-9057](SCP-9057) | SCP-9058 | [SCP-9059](SCP-9059) >>

> **Filename:** motherfuckerunlimited.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [ SCP Wiki](scp-9058 )
