**Item #:** SCP-9702

###990000|**Level 3/9702**##

**Object Class:** Keter

###990000|**Classified**##

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to its nature, most SCP-9702 instances will resolve without the Foundation’s knowledge. Prominent property insurance agencies are being monitored for policyholders with a high frequency of flooding related claims. When a probable instance of SCP-9702 is identified, MTF Beta-13 “Noah’s Ark” will be deployed to relocate all items that could constitute SCP-9702-1 from the affected room to the nearest body of water. 

Should this prove infeasible or ineffective in suppressing SCP-9702, MTF Beta-13 will flood the building affected by SCP-9702 using any available means.

**Description:** SCP-9702 designates a collection of events that facilitate the uncontrolled transport of water into buildings. SCP-9702 will usually only affect one specific room or region of a building. 

These events will continue until some object(s), designated SCP-9702-1, within the room have been translocated into a nearby body of water, normally via flooding. All attempts to locate and recover SCP-9702-1 instances after they have been moved by SCP-9702 have failed.Eyewitness reports and video footage has shown SCP-9702-1 instances disappearing from view once located in a nearby body of water. 

Not all events will result in SCP-9702-1 being transported, often resulting in a high frequency of events. When unnoticed and coupled with low intensity events, this often results in several dozen of events over many years. For example, a broken window allowing precipitation to enter will likely not interact with a SCP-9702-1 instance on the far side of the room. Should SCP-9702-1 be relocated to a different room or building, SCP-9702 will begin to affect that location instead. 

In suspected SCP-9702 instances, identifying SCP-9702-1 has proven challenging as the number of possible SCP-9702-1 candidates in any given room has been documented to vary significantly. No commonality between documented SCP-9702-1 instances has yet been identified. As such, current containment protocols have been adjusted to expedite the process of SCP-9702 rather than identifying SCP-9702-1 in order to limit the proprietary and financial collateral damages caused by SCP-9702; suspected instances found prior to these changes are tabulated in Addendum 1.

**Addendum 1.** Suspected instances of SCP-9702.

> **Date:** 1983-1986

> **Location:** Greenhouse, ██████████ College, ██ ████, USA

> **SCP-9702-1:** Polyethylene planter

> **Manifestation:** Increased precipitation within a 2 km radius, storms caused frequent damages to property and glass (34 instances)

> **Notes:** The planter contained a deceased Coffea arabica specimen.A coffee plant. Death was attributed to dehydration. The botany club in charge of the greenhouse was disbanded 2 years prior due to lack of members.

> **Date:** 1987-1990

> **Location:** Hallway closet, private residence, ████, France

> **SCP-9702-1:** Eight (8) used paint brushes

> **Manifestation:** Cracks in foundation and recessed elevation grading led to water entering during precipitation (44 instances)

> **Notes:** When questioned over the brushes, the owner claimed to have "left that fantasy behind long ago". Several canvases are recovered in tandem with impressionist depictions of a woman bathing, which the owner opted to donate to the Foundation.

> **Date:** 1992-2001

> **Location:** █████ Café, ██████, Philippines

> **SCP-9702-1:** Paper coffee filter

> **Manifestation:** 

> 1. Development of surrounding community leading to deforestation, pavement of surfaces, and runoff entering building

> 2. Unusually high frequency of customers and employees spilling drinks (>600 instances)

> **Notes:** Item was wedged between a refrigerator and the wall. The residing business filed for bankruptcy 3 years after last documented SCP-9702 incident due to unrelated financing issues.Repeated requests by MTF Beta-13 to fund the café have been denied.

> **Date:** 2002-2008

> **Location:** Bathroom, ████████ Senior Care Home, ██████, Australia

> **SCP-9702-1:** Unknown

> **Manifestation:** Bathtub overflowing (61 instances)

> **Notes:** The resident has documented memory issues, and has made multiple escape attempts to "catch the throws". 

> **Date:** 2009-2014

> **Location:** Between the wall of bedroom and kitchen, private residence, ███ ██████ ██ ███████, Argentina

> **SCP-9702-1:** A necklace containing purple plastic beads

> **Manifestation:** 

> 1. Poor drainage (20 instances) 

> 2. Local fire department extinguished fire via water hose (2 instances)

> **Notes:** Upon the second fire, enough damage was sustained to expose SCP-9702-1. The cause was determined to be a cigarette; the owner attempted to hide end from parents. The parents reported the owner's need to "repent".

> **Date:** 2021-2023

> **Location:** Garage, private residence, ███████, Russia

> **SCP-9702-1:** A dog leash

> **Manifestation:** Washing machine, dishwasher, and other appliance malfunctions (36 instances)

> **Notes:** The owner reportedly lost her dog six (6) months after manifestation of SCP-9702. The leash was unused and had retained it's packaging- owner claims it was a gift. 

> **Date:** Unknown-2024

> **Location:** Bedroom, 5th story apartment, New Orleans, USA

> **SCP-9702-1:** A letter (see Document 9702-A.)

> **Manifestation:** Unknown

> **Notes:** The unit underneath filed a complaint of water leaking through the ceiling. Upon discovery, over 90% of the bedroom was found to be filled with water. The unit continued to fill from water from an unknown source until the letter was transported to ████████ Beach by MTF Beta-13. No current or previous tenants have been identified.

 _

<details>
<summary>+ Document 9702-A</summary>

The following was discovered with minor water damage, author unknown.

> I've passed the last of the craft stuff to your sister. She told me she'd get it to you, but I know how forgetful she can get. Take care of her.

> 

> Some strange nights I try to understand, and I think get it. The flashing lights, the air choked with spice and smoke, the three dozen conversations buzzing through your ears while the earth rises up to meet your head. I've felt it too. There's some tranquil reverence there you can't find in the most quiet of places, beneath a steeple, or here with me. You can dance around it for a while, but eventually the routine catches you, like you're a Mardi Gras throw. And then you sit in someone's drawer for the next two decades until- until what exactly? So you run off to Portugal to fill the wanderlust with new people, new cultures, new food, then Japan, then Brazil, then-

> 

> You've gotta try it all right? Like water, rushing to fill in whatever gap is the lowest.

> 

> But water erodes. 

> 

> Are you water? Our first coffee date- do you slip through your own fingers? Taking Annie for walks on ████████- have you ever wanted to stop? can you stop even if you wanted to? Some strange nights I convince myself even water has something to remember, and it remembers by letting go.

> 

> I am not water; I'll be waiting for your throw.

> 

> I keep visiting that beach. It’s futile, I know, but I keep looking for your footprints in the sand. 

> 

> Maybe there's one that hasn’t been washed away.

> 

> Maybe some strange night I'll wash away too.

 _

</details>

<< [SCP-9701](SCP-9701) | SCP-9702 | [SCP-9703](SCP-9703) >>
