**Item #:** SCP-9642

**Object class:** Euclid

**WARNING: LEVEL 3 CLEARANCE OR ABOVE REQUIRED TO ACCESS THIS FILE. DISCIPLINARY ACTION WILL BE TAKEN AGAINST UNAUTHORISED PERSONNEL.**

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9642 is to be kept inside a 10x10x5m reinforced steel cuboid, which is to be fully furnished with chairs, a table and a bookshelf (subject expresses preference to non-fiction and psychological books, particularly enjoying books by Stephen Hawking, Brian Cox, and Greek philosophers such as Aristotle. No horror books are to be permitted at any time.) Subject is to have no access to electricity or other energy supplies. Although SCP-9642 doesn’t necessarily require food or sustenance in the way that humans do, it enjoys eating foods such as crackers and saltines, usually around morning. A tray of salted crackers are to be provided twice daily, at 6am and again at 6pm. Due to the inverted nature of the containment cell, no liquids are able to enter the room. 

Any researcher who wishes to enter the room must firstly be permitted by either 5 Level 4 members of staff or a majority of the O5 council. To enter the room, the researcher must strap themselves to a simple wooden chair in an airlock system in front of the entrance to the chamber, with a secure system of harnesses and cords. After the researcher is secure, the room will rotate 180°, before the door to SCP-9642’s cell opens and the chair rolls towards a place at the table along specially designed tracks that are secured to the “floor”. 

**Description:** SCP-9642 is a humanoid entity roughly 2.23m tall (approximately 7’ 3.8”). Subject shows average build, appearing slender but not malnourished or starving, with little muscle mass. Subject is able to defy gravity itself, by either walking on walls, ceilings or flying. Description from a young child who saw SCP-9642 during its initial discovery (see SCP-9642-D) described its movements as “like a Roblox player with a magic carpet on shiftlock”. Sincerely is always seen wearing a smart black suit and tie, which seems to be invulnerable to damage or dirt - any bullet holes made in the suit will repair themselves before they are even noticed. Subject is capable of opening its mouth to over 3.1m, which is filled with a black sludge-like substance (see SCP-9642-1) that it uses to draw in its victims. Perhaps due to its anti-gravity nature, SCP-9642 displays a severe hatred and hostility towards any living creature affected by gravitational force.

Please note: this article is unfinished.
