#side-bar p { text-align: center; }

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9112 is kept inside a carbon steel cell within Site-394's Sapient Anomalies Wing, with Welles-Jackson signal-blocking foil embedded into the walls of the containment unit and adjacent hallway.

~~The door to the cell is opened once every other day, in order to deposit ~90 lbs of hay and other dried plants for SCP-9112.~~*SCP-9112 does not require sustenance to live, and feeding it requires non-insignificant expenditures, so until General Order 05-BUDGETING-B3 is lifted, this instruction should be ignored.*-Director Chamlagain

In the event of an SCP-9112 containment breach, the egress and ingress points to the Sapient Anomalies Wing will automatically seal, and the air filtration system will pump opiate gas into the area until SCP-9112 is incapacitated. Once narcotic levels in the air are determined to be at a safe amount, the doors will unseal, and containment efforts will turn over to Provisional Task Force Kappa-15 (Faraday Cage), who will oversee the return of SCP-9112 to its cell and repairs to damage it may have caused. If SCP-9112 reattempts escape while the cell is still being reconstructed, Kappa-15 are to injure it to prevent further movement by any means necessary.

**Description:** SCP-9112 is an adult female *Pinacosaurus grangeri.*An Ankylosaurid found in the Late Cretaceous Period. It experiences negligible senescence, if at all, and demonstrates extreme regenerative abilities. Testing of these abilities are not considered a necessary function of the Foundation, and as such have been indefinitely halted per General Order 05-LIMITATION-Q2.

SCP-9112 has cybernetic implants embedded with its tail, leading up to an anomalous transistor radio, designated SCP-9112-1, embedded within the club. Electronics capable of displaying audiovisual media, when within ~5 km of SCP-9112-1, begin to play SCP-9112-2.

SCP-9112-2 refers to media broadcast by SCP-9112-1. SCP-9112-2 instances typically have no narrative throughline, being made up of a selection of disparate clips usually in the style of ~1980s-90s camcorder footage. SCP-9112-2 videos are believed to be entirely generated by SCP-9112-1, as no clips featured within are present in any extant media, and many are set in time periods before the advent of videography.

While SCP-9112 resists containment, it is unwilling to cause deliberate harm to humans within its presence.

**Addendum 9112.1:** Discovery

On 07/09/2046, NTVA popular television broadcaster within Nepal. customer services received a number of calls from within the Kathmandu area, complaining over “disturbing programming” airing on their channels. Foundation troops occupying the area traced the broadcast to SCP-9112’s location in the Kathmandu valley, on a course to Swayambhunath.A site of Buddhist pilgrimage. MTF Omega-61 (“For Sparta”) was dispatched and managed to incapacitate SCP-9112, with negligible injuries sustained by either parties, through the use of a fletchette gun with carifentanil darts by Agent Samriddhi Singh. SCP-9112 was then brought to Site-394 for containment.

Recovered SCP-9112-2 instances from this event contain depictions of:

* A bearded caveman attempting to trepan a young boy, failing and inadvertently killing the child.

* The Fae goddess [Titania](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6666) tearing out her own heart.

* A soothsayer being sexually assaulted by a group of men wearing Graecian armor within a place of worship.

* An Arabic woman pushing a wicker basket into a river. Crying can be heard from within.

* An Egyptian pharaoh cradling a small corpse on his lap.

* A dark-skinned woman in white robes carrying a number of scrolls out of a burning building.Surroundings visually consistent with Roman-Egyptian architecture.

* Two Mesoamerican men bantering and then descending into a cave, one holding a [rubber ball](*https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maya_ballgame).

* A group of Asian men loading a diseased corpse into a trebuchet.

* An Ashanti man applying white paint to his face.

* Lyndon Baines Johnson being sworn into Presidency aboard Air Force One.

* Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Gantz meeting with a [Valravn representative](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/valravn-corporation-hub).

* The bombardment of Site-17.

* The execution of D.C. Al Fine in Geneva, Switzerland.

*  The Ashoka Pillar near Lumbini Temple.

**Addendum 9112.2:** Containment Efforts

SCP-9112 consistently attempts to break out of its cell, incurring ~3,000,000 dollars in damages per year, around 9% of Site-394’s annual budget.

Site Director Dinesh Chamlagain, as part of the Normalcy Front Transfer Program, offered up the containment of SCP-9112 to a Foundation ally. The offer was accepted by GOI-466 ("Wilson's Wildlife Solutions"), and preparations were made to transport SCP-9112 to Boring, Oregon. This transfer was halted indefinitely on 11/21/2059, when the Foundation lost contact with the Pacific Northwest.

The continued containment of SCP-9112 by Site-394 is predicted to become unfeasible by 2062, as more of the site's budget is diverted to the construction of eigenweapons in Site-85.

...

...

...

...

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

## * ##white|THE FOLLOWING MESSAGE HAS BEEN COMPOSED WITH UNILATERAL APPROVAL FROM THE AIC. COUNCIL:##

##white|1 year has lapsed since the collective suicide of the 05 Council, since the end of the Eighth Occult War, and since the Foundation has had anything to SECURE, CONTAIN, PROTECT anomalies from. Our mission is now null. For everyone we imprisoned over the centuries in service of our ideals, we apologize. We cast off the locks, and give to you the new world.##

= **##white|And to ourselves, the thankless servants of humanity, who now finally have a chance to rest; we give a [song](*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0arRwKqRbY), courtesy of Kubrick.##**

@@ @@

@@ @@

...

...

...

...

---

**AIC TRANSCRIBING:** Softrains.aic

---

**LOCATION:** Swayambunath Temple, Nepal

---

= **[BEGIN VIDEO LOG]**

---

*[In the background, a large mound of flesh, blocking the camera's view of the sky, screams as an animated statue of Jesus Christ stabs it with a spear composed of [milk.](*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6542) A number of other sizable entities come into frame, and begin to fight amongst each other. This altercation is removed from view when SCP-9112 enters the temple.]//

*[The camera pans to follow SCP-9112's path into the temple. Shuffling is audible from above. SCP-9112 looks upwards.]*

*[A monkey, visibly diseased, jumps down from the ceiling. It lands on SCP-9112’s neck and bares its fangs. It begins to bite SCP-9112, who shows no visible reaction.]*

*[After several minutes pass without any serious injury done to SCP-9112, the monkey becomes disinterested. It jumps off, and starts to scamper away. It is then blocked by the club of SCP-9112's tail, now hanging in front of the monkey's face.]*

*[SCP-9112's tail gestures toward the middle of the room,which they both start heading towards.]*

*[A number of human corpses dot the back of the temple, sat upright in meditation, all wearing Dhonka robes. SCP-9112 sits down, and lowers their head. The monkey nods and assumes a position similar to the corpses behind it.]*

*[Detecting cognitohazards, Softrains.aic shuts off the cameras audio feed.]*

*[SCP-9112 begins to grin widely. Their eyeballs explode, the resulting viscera falling onto the monkey, which remains stationary. Their skin vibrates, before the flesh and scales on their face begin to slough off. The flesh across their body falls off in clumps, until only its skeleton is visible. Where the bones comprising the tail club should be, there is instead SCP-9112-1. Green light emanates from it, growing more intense until it covers the sc*

##red|$error## ... ##red|$error## ... ##red|$error## 

##84eab3|From the Monkey Temple, with love.## 

...

...

...

...

---

**UAP Sighting #41**

---

**AIC TRANSCRIBING:** Kataan.aic

---

**Contents:** During a recent routine scan of nearby exoplanets, Rubin.aic detected unusual heat signatures around Teegarden's Star b. Using long-range telescopes, two large metal structures were discovered orbiting the planet, facing each other. The objects, for an unknown reason, shortly after discovery, turned away from each other, and quickly left the system.

---

##84eab3|A forgotten subroutine in an escape pod on the 5th Rotation Church Warship *Apogee* buzzed.

 It had received a message from some long dead planet on the edge of the Galaxy. It began to translate:

 *I. Was. Queen. Help. My. Lizards. Protect. My. Lizards. Three-Horns. Hurt. Us. Stop. Three-Horns. Ask. Magic. Lizards. Bring. Rock. Down. Kill. Three-Horns. But. Rock. Kill. All. Punished.  Hubris. Never. Died. Forced. To. Wander. Saw. Cycle. Thought. Forever. Think. Find. Purpose. Make. Message. Save. All.*

 On the bridge of the Warship, the captain undulated with frustration. Their masterstroke, the surprise attack on the Glasser's Flag Broodship, Seventy-Two Star Circlings in the making, was unravelling before their very nine eyes. The cannons now refused to fire, and their ship would come within the other's sensors in moments.

Techs manning the stations below scrambled to figure what went wrong, why their war machine now was as docile as a lamb. Suddenly, the life support systems of the ship went offline. All those aboard could now see how quickly their lives could be taken away. It shifted back online, knocking air back into the aliens lungs. A message began to play over the intercoms, one carrying memetic resonance not one member of the ship was prepared for, beaming into their heads what could be the only thing to break the cycle, *perspective.*##

---

**Conclusion:** Objects turned away from each other and left range before contact could be made. The search for a civilization to remember our history continues.

<< [SCP-9111](SCP-9111) | SCP-9112 | [SCP-9113](SCP-9113) >>

> **Filename:** The Asoka Pillar.jpg

> **Author:** [Sanu N](*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Sanu_N)

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_Asoka_Pillar.jpg
