=====

=====

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

# * NOTICE

 _

# * BY ORDER OF THE ETHICS COMMITTEE

Due to recent circumstances, the following SCP has been neutralized. Unauthorized editing of the following document is forbidden.

# * 9321

.orderwrapper {

  width: auto;

  text-align: center;

  background-image: url("https://kaktuskontainer.wdfiles.com/local--files/format-hell/scp_trans.png");

  background-repeat: no-repeat;

  background-position: center;

  min-height: 300px;

  background-size: 300px;

  display: flex;

  flex-direction: column;

  justify-content: center;

}

.council1 {

  margin: auto;

}

.ordertitle {

  left: 0;

  right: 0;

  top: 38px;

}

.ordertitle h1 {

  font-size: 220%;

  color: #555;

}

.orderdescription {

  left: 0;

  right: 0;

  top: 85px;

  width: 100%;

}

.orderdescription p {

  font-size: 90%;

  color: #555;

}

.orderdescription h1 {

  font-size: 120%;

  color: #555;

}

.itemno {

  left: 0;

  right: 0;

  bottom: 27px;

}

.itemno h1 {

  font-size: 170%;

  color: #555;

}

.ordertitle {

  margin-bottom: -30px;

}

.itemno {

  margin-top: -20px;

}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Following a vote, SCP-9321 has been terminated. Personnel and [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8327 Endling Inc.] (GOI-8327) are not to interfere with [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/marshall-carter-and-dark-hub MC&D's constructions]. Endling Inc. will receive compensation for any losses incurred following SCP-9321's disassembly.

**Description:** SCP-9321 is an abandoned Khrushchevka apartment, located in Корлики (Korliki), that displays anomalous properties akin to the physiology and behaviour of plants.

SCP-9321-1 consisted of a series of rusted pipes and wires displayed and interconnected within SCP-9321. These components functioned as SCP-9321's symbiotic mycelium. The pipes stored water and removed waste, while the wires transferred electricity as nutrients. SCP-9321-1 stabilised SCP-9321's trellis.

SCP-9321-2 were a cluster of tetrapods (wave-dissipating concrete blocks) surrounding SCP-9321. The cluster acted as a barrier to wildlife and litter atop it. The cluster also blocked out the sun, keeping the ground underneath moist for the wires, which could be found along the damp ground. It also prevented erosion on the ground surrounding SCP-9321. Observation revealed that the adolescent tetrapods, from birth, can grow to their usual adult size within 10 weeks.

Each structure of SCP-9321 exhibited a symbiotic relationship akin to the Three SistersA traditional agricultural technique using maize, climbing beans and squash together.. Birds also inhabited SCP-9321, feeding off bugs and pests infested in SCP-9321-1.

**Addendum 9321.01: Discovery**

---

When the nearest town reported unusual and illegal alterations to SCP-9321 to the authorities, MTF Psi-7 (“Home Improvement”) was sent to Russia to set up a perimeter and investigate.

After a few hours, MTF Psi-7 returned with samples from the dried red fluids from the cracked walls. MTF P7-3 reported feeling heat emanating from the centre of SCP-9321. Recordings from MTF Psi-7 picked up continuous moaning-like sounds and birds pecking one member of the team.

Researchers at Site-16 analysed the dried samples and video recordings. They discovered the samples were blood, and DNA analysis revealed the process of photosynthesis in the blood. Six researchers went to Корлики to personally study SCP-9321 after seeing these recordings.

**Addendum 9321.02: Meeting**

---

One week after the containment, MC&D's (~~Marshall~~The position was vacant during the time of post., Carter, & Dark) agent gave one of the perimeter guards a cease and desist letter.

> Dear Foundation,

> 

> We must inform you that your building is on the land owned by the MC&D organization. The land we picked for development has the perfect environment that our investors wanted. It will be an amazing property: a hotel/museum hybrid that will house all our items for affluent visitors to see and explore, all for $100 guaranteed! As opposed to that useless, ugly building you tried to preserve.

> 

> Foundation, before we discuss ethics, let’s talk about ownership. Since the building was part of the land we purchased, it would make sense for us to keep it. We have seen your personnel exploring and setting up perimeters around the apartment. If you give us ownership of the building, we will gladly keep it away from you. We would also renovate the building to prevent it from decaying.

> 

> If you want more answers, we can schedule a virtual meeting in two days at 1 PM to discuss what needs to be done. If you don't use Zoom calls, please send us a link to whatever program you use to discuss things. Here is our email address: [REDACTED].

> 

> Don't forget.

> 

> From,

> Bill N. Smith

---

> **Interviewed:** Bill N. Smith

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Michael Russo

> 

> **Foreword:** The meeting began two days after the Foundation sent a link to the private Foundation-owned video chat IFVC (Instant Foundation Voice-Chat). Dr. Michael Russo represented the Foundation while interviewing Bill N. Smith, a representative and business partner of MC&D.

> 

> **<Begin Log, [1:20]>**

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** Hello? Can you hear me?

> 

> **Smith:** I can hear you loud and clear!

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** Good. Sorry, the internet here can be real rough sometimes.

> 

> **Smith:** No worries, it wouldn't bother us at all.

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** Right. So about the land rights.

> 

> **Smith:** Why yes! About the building you contained?

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** Well, I wanted to understand the ownership of the building.

> 

> **Smith:** Well, Dr. Russo, I just so happened to have created a PowerPoint for this.

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** Okay, go ahead then.

> 

> 

> **Smith:** Well? What do you think?

> 

> *(Dr. Russo was seen sleeping during half of the presentation before waking up.)*

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** Huh? Oh, I..understand where you're coming from.

> 

> **Smith:** So, Dr. Russo, do you understand?

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** About the building ownership?

> 

> **Smith:** Yes, that.

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** I'm not sure. Can't we just split it by 50/50?

> 

> **Smith:** I beg your pardon?

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** I mean, in terms of-

> 

> **Smith:** I'm not sure you understand this, doctor. I never said anything about 50/50 custody. This is about the full-custody arrangement for the building. We bought this land, we own everything built on it. Sure, maybe you can visit it for research or something. But let it be known: we are keeping the building. Fair and square.

> 

> *(Pause)*

> 

> **Smith:** Don't worry though. We will maintain it by any means necessary. We might renovate and restructure it to keep it pretty for costumers to wander around as much as their hearts desire. So what do you say?

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** We're still not sure about this deal though.

> 

> **Smith:** Just think about it later after this, okay? If not with the request, then lawsuit will be inevitable. I can hardly wait for your agreement. Until then, I think we have enough for today. Thank you so much, Dr. Russo!

> 

> **Dr. Russo:** Thank you, Mr Smith.

> 

> **<End Log, [3:34]>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** After the interview, Dr Russo requested more interviews with Smith to convince Bill further to offer better solutions from the initial settlement, which were pending.

**Addendum 9321.03: Conflicts**

---

One week after the meeting, a letter by an activist group, Endling Inc., was sent via physically to the agent, Marcie Coulson.

> Dear Foundation,

> 

> This is Amanda Rue, contacting you on behalf of Endling Inc. Our partners informed us of MC&D's development plans, so we're in the nearest town to check what they're up to.

> 

> We're here to help you protect the structure from MC&D and maintain its longevity. Here is what it would look like:

> * Setting up camp or living inside the apartment

> * Declutter all the litter from the tetrapods

> * Secure the building with your guards around the perimeter

> * Sabotaging MC&D's equipment and progress

> 

> Endling Inc. is serious about protecting beautiful anomalies from those who would exploit or revamp them. For me, where some see cracks and rust from the apartment, I see history that has gone unnoticed. I see the small animals that have taken refuge from the storms. There is beauty that cannot and should not be replaced with cheap gold or artificial luxuries.

> 

> We know MC&D will do anything to prevent you from taking what's yours. The lawsuits for this will be detrimental to your finances.

> 

> We can discuss this at Quiet Rose Espresso Bar downtown. We'll be there.

> 

> From,

> Endling Inc.

The same agent was sent to the town to meet with Amanda Rue about Endling Inc.'s role in the operation. The Foundation agreed to let Endling Inc. handle the health and safety of SCP-9321, complete with decluttering the litter present in SCP-9321-2. The Foundation guards were to safeguard against MC&D's attempted damage control, including providing false perception of Endling Inc. to the town.

Amanda Rue even attempted to meet up with Bill N. Smith to discuss Endling Inc.'s perspective, which only ended with a short riot. It ended with both parties successfully separated by Foundation guards.

**Addendum 9321.04: Agreements**

---

Three months after the dispute between the Foundation, MC&D, and Endling Inc., the Foundation made multiple treaties with MC&D and Endling Inc. The treaties for MC&D includes providing equipment, some leeway regarding Foundation control, etc.

Endling Inc. were persuaded by the Foundation to sign the treaties to preserve SCP-9321 as a third-party watchdog, though they are not to interfere with MC&D's progress. The Foundation had provided Endling Inc. some equipment needed for routine operations. After some consideration from both parties, the proposal and the treaties were made.

**To:** The Foundation

**From:** Bill N. Smith, ~~Marshall~~, Carter, & Dark.

**Subject:** Regarding Our Treaties

---

Dear Foundation,

After much consideration of your proposal, we and our investors have unanimously agreed to take your treaties to heart. We promise to be careful about going around the building as you suggested, though we hesitate about Endling Inc.'s contribution to spying on us. That is so absurd, but hey, a deal is a deal.

However, we're still considering our previous options. It's not like we're planning on something big or anything; I'm just saying.

Also, thank you so much for assisting us with such troubles. We will give you back someday, somehow. So we hope you actually visit the place, in any case. We will be grateful for it.

From,

Smith

> Dear Foundation,

> 

> We're expressing our concern over this new arrangement. We're still processing it since we're still having difficulty from MC&D, especially from our new proposal. Even then, we still don't trust them. We know how much they'll do anything for a stash of money.

> 

> We're still looking forward to seeing the development though. Let's hope this works.

> 

> From,

> Endling Inc.

**Addendum 9321.05: Requests**

---

The Ethics Committee suggested that MC&D decide on the visitation rights to avoid unnecessary conflicts and legal troubles with the schedule and treaties. Personnel are required to make a formal request on printed paper. Agent Marcie Coulson has a required visitation rights to visit and inspect SCP-9321.

> **Request:** Ever since Coulson began to do room inspections of SCP-9321 for further analysis on SCP-9321's health, she noted how the original paints are slowly getting dull and coming off which were painted over with new colors. We decided we will do some inspections around SCP-9321 just in case.

> 

> **Submitted:** Dr. Michael Russo

> 

> **Status:** Denied

> **Request:** We're worried about the state of the birds due to your renovation on the anomaly. Actually, Coulson stated that she saw some pesticide brands coming from the truck. Are you trying to get rid of the pests all the while harming the birds inside? How about we go there to instruct you on a safer alternative to the situation?

> 

> **Submitted:** Amanda Rue

> 

> **Status:** Denied

> **Request:** Today, I arrived at the perimeter only to be told that I was not allowed on your property anymore. When I ask why, you told me that my presence seems to be attracting unwanted attention from the Foundation and Endling Inc. I was in disbelief, I need to inspect SCP-9321 like I have to. Can you please reconsider your option?

> 

> **Submission:** Agent Marcie Coulson

> 

> **Status:** Denied

> **Request:** This is ridiculous! Now you're rounding up the tetrapods, crushing most of them up and use them as gravel for the parking space. You didn't even consult us with such actions. You're just using the anomaly's property to charge up shit! At least let us visit the anomaly, please!

> 

> **Submission:** Amanda Rue

> 

> **Status:** Denied

> **Request:** Please...

> 

> **Submitted by:** Amanda Rue

> 

> **Status:** Denied

**Addendum 9321.06: Incident**

---

A year after the initial renovation, the grand opening was revealed. At least five visitors were coming to SCP-9321. It soon collapsed when one of them stepped into SCP-9321's lobby. No injuries or deaths have occurred. MC&D had to refund the visitors for collateral damages and safety violations.

**To:** The Foundation

**From:** Bill N. Smith, ~~Marshall~~, Carter, & Dark.

**Subject:** Regarding Our Treaties

---

Dear Foundation,

We're deeply sorry about the destructive aftermath of the SCP. We'll take full responsibility for our action.

We know you tried your best with that treaties. This thing was bound to happened. We know you tried so, so hard with that treaties. We know you did everything, absolutely everything you could. But please don’t blame yourself.

From,

Smith

**Addendum 9321.07: Aftermath**

---

Due to the extensive damage to SCP-9321-2, which will cause the whole structure to be damaged further, the Ethics Committee voted on whether SCP-9321 should be neutralised due to the circumstances.

|  | Yes | No |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Ethics CommitteeAt the time of the vote, the Ethics Committee members were greatly reduced due to **[REDACTED]**. Only 7 members were active at the time. | 4 | 3 |
It was decided that SCP-9321 would be neutralised. MTF Psi-7 (“Home Improvement”) and the demolition crew arrived to demolish the remains of SCP-9321, whilst Endling Inc. is in charge of handling euthanising SCP-9321 humanely. MC&D will be starting the new construction next month.

> Hello Foundation,

> 

> We know it's not your fault. Actually, it would be easy to place the blame on us. At least, we are partially blaming ourselves for letting MC&D damage the building to the point of no return

> 

> We can't blame your decision to destroy the remains, humanely at least. We knew it was for the best for the long term, though we're still bitter at the fact that MC&D are able to do the construction as planned.

> 

> We're sorry.

> 

> From,

> Endling Inc.

]

=====

> **Filename:** Tetrapods Graciosa Island 02.jpg

> **Author:** Unukorno

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 4.0

> **Source:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Tetrapods_Graciosa_Island_02.jpg

=====

> **Filename:** Construction Crew of Turbine No 23 on Scout Moor - geograph.org.uk - 833568.jpg

> **Author:** Paul Anderson

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0

> **Source:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Construction_Crew_of_Turbine_No_23_on_Scout_Moor_-_geograph.org.uk_-_833568.jpg

=====

<< [SCP-9320](SCP-9320) | SCP-9321 | [SCP-9322](SCP-9322) >>
