**SCP-9138:** 

**Author:** 

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/whenwerewe Here's my page!]

**Item #:** SCP-9138

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The honoured dead are to be exhumed and disposed of in ritually unclean locationse.g. middens, industrial crematoria, or meatpacking plants as available. Oracles, sibyls, mediums, and other classes of necromancer are to be amnesticised in order to maintain informational security.

Furthermore, Foundation front agencies are to promote deurbanisation and lower population density, as to minimise the impact of necrogenic emotional pollution on living human society.

**Description:** SCP-9138 is the newly dominant moral framework of the universe as of 25/06/1950. It selects sapient souls considered exceptional by their peers, distinguishing them primarily by their tomb decorations and grave-goods. Souls so recognised by their community are sorted into a variety of paradisiacal afterlives which reflect their actions while living. These afterlives embody SCP-9138-A’s ethical and aesthetic values, and are structured to reward and further perpetuate such behaviour.

SCP-9138-A are an alien species which is known to have constructed SCP-9138. Little else can be said about them, other than that they must possess enormous thaumatological capacity in order to have engineered a universal eschatological field. By making inferences from testimonies of heavenbound individuals, it has been deduced that SCP-9138-A greatly value physical and psychological closeness, selflessness, and effective child-rearing. As a result, SCP-9138 disproportionately selects altruistic individuals and prolific mothers. It is estimated SCP-9138 affects approximately 1.3% of the human dead, primarily of the lattermost demographic.

SCP-9138-B are the sympathetic and psychic impressions left by selected souls on the material world. These occur primarily around sites of interment, such as graves, holy rivers, and shrines. Particularly sensitive individuals around these areas can receive empathic imprints of the thoughts and sensations of these souls in their destinations. The location and nature of these impressions has been both the primary source of knowledge about SCP-9138 and the primary threat it presents to Normalcy.

Listed below are some examples of SCP-9138-B testimonies from attuned Foundation staff, attempting to describe their feelings as accurately as possible.

| Source Individual | Presumed Reason for Selection by SCP-9138 | Subject Testimony |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Dmitri Volkov | Parish priest who provided spiritual comfort to his community during wartime. | {{It’s nice not to worry about being alone. I was so scared for so long. They’re close.}} |
| Rosa Delgado | Midwife who delivered ~2,000 babies in her rural community. | {{Every one I lost stuck with me. They all live, up here. We are always full to bursting.}} |
| Margaret Adler | Mother of nine children. Advocated for natural birth practices and homesteading. | {{There's enough. There's more coming.}} (Notably, subject seemed to struggle to breathe as they spoke). |
| Yuki Tanaka | Donated over 40 litres of blood during her lifetime. | {{They’re so sweet. Better them than me.}} |
| Satya Ramakrishnan | Spent large portions of her free time voluntarily providing charitable services to the local urban homeless population. | {{Butterflies in my stomach. Butterflies in my heart. Butterflies in my lungs.}} |
SCP-9138-B manifestations grow more intense as SCP-9138 continues to increase in scope. It is expected humans of median psionic sensitivity will become able to perceive them clearly around the year 2030.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**ADDENDUM 17/02/2026: ASTRONOMICAL SURVEY**

As a result of recent breakthroughs in esoteric astronomy, the Foundation has located the homeworld of SCP-9138-A. Preliminary observations are below:

<details>
<summary>+ LEVEL 4 EYES ONLY</summary>

SCP-9138-A are the intelligent denizens of Kepler-138c, a water-covered world some 219 lightyears from Earth. A species of pisciform obligate filial cannibals that spawn in broods of around 80,000, SCP-9138-A typically fed on native meiofauna. For most of their history, lack of sufficient prey and relatively heavy parasitism (the average historical SCP-9138-A instance was composed of only 40% parasites by mass, but could sustain little more) kept their numbers low. They coped with these conditions by placing great emphasis on the glory and pleasure of sacrificial parasitisation, and the holiness of maternal filicide.

However, on 14/06/1950, an anomalous technique was discovered by their priestly classes that allowed instances to filterfeed across alternate universes. This immediately flooded the ecological cycles of Kepler-138c with an enormous amount of biomass, which was mostly monopolised by SCP-9138-A. The vast number of new souls created thereby lent the species sufficient metaphysical weight to instantiate their ideal afterlives. They now saturate every body of water on the planet, and though density varies cyclically (often by orders of magnitude), never does it fall below 1 SCP-9138-A instance per cubic metre.

</details>

<< [SCP-9137](SCP-9137) | SCP-9138 | [SCP-9139](SCP-9139) >>
