=====

=====

@import url("https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Texturina:ital,wght@0,100..900;1,100..900&display=swap");

body {

    font-family: Texturina;

}

p {

    font-size: 1.05em;

}

a:link {

  color: #c72246;

}

a:visited {

  color: #824;

}

#page-title {

  display: none;

}

.footnotes-footer {

  display: none;

}

#header h1 a::before {

    font-family: 'IM Fell DW Pica SC', serif;

    padding: 35px 0 25px; 

    font-weight: normal;

    content: "Division of";

    color: #000000;

}

#header h2 span::before {

    font-family: 'Tangerine', cursive;

    font-size: 230%;

    content: "Unnatural Romantic Science";

    color: #000000;

    padding: 0px 20px 00px;

}

#header:before {

    display:block;

    position: absolute;

    width: 120px;

    height: 120px;

    z-index: -1;

    top: 10%;

    left: -0.3%;

    content: "";

    background: url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-9164/tailpiece.png");

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-size: 110px 109px;

    background-position: 0px 0px 0px;

}

@media (min-width: 566px) and (max-width: 801px) {

    #header h2 span::before {

        content: "U.R.S.";

        padding: 35px 0 25px 45px; 

    }

}

@media (max-width: 565px) {

    #header h2 span::before {

        content: "U.R.S.";

        padding: 35px 0 25px 40px; 

    }

}

**RF-64: The Slide-Rock Bolter** by 

2.6k words, approximately 10-15 min reading time

# RF-64

## Colloquially referred to as the "Slide-Rock Bolter".

Document only recently uncovered from the 

predating site during the construction of Site-157. Currently being re-written to meet modern standards and will be digitized in Site-7B. Threat in question is approved for SCP classification; pending designation. 

Note: In rewrite memo, note "Uncontained but considered a potentially Keter class threat." 

Search has yielded no signs of the threat despite leads given in the report. Geography changed too drastically in the last century? **Threat already relocated?**

Given the population density of Telluride as of 1995 (approx. 1,800 ppl.), "RF-64" is a **high** priority for MTF dispatch to find.

**Date of Report:** Friday the 3rd of November, 1899

**Reporter:** Operative John Clayton (01/29/1861, OID: 83361)

**Division/Branch:** Division of Unnatural Romantic Science

**Reason for Finalized Report:** Creature as referred to by RF-64 located, identified, but NOT subdued. Circumstances disallowed for confinement. Urgently needs addressed!

**Threat Urgency:** King's Crown

---

It was nearing the eve of the 28th of September that Capt. Hawthorn had his man come down to my provisionary lodging. His messenger, a young man by trade of forestry, spoke of a new investigation the captain requested me to hear. I set aside my supper and made my way to his quarters, eager to find my feet once again out on the trail.

I sat myself with Capt. Hawthorn and his man and asked, "What have you for me?" 

It was a curious creature, he described, one that other operatives had only heard of in the form of folkloric whispers.

"Well, and what do they call it?" I inquired to him.

He looked at me with a grin, surely aware of the great intrigue that would stir in my chest—

"The Slide-Rock Bolter."

He and I held the habit of speaking of many things, and around whichever topic we meant to speak of, and when we were done speaking it had already passed midnight. His man, who I learned was called Mr. Cox, sat mostly in silence but sheepishly chimed in with some apt interjections now and again. By the end of the conversation, I did manage to gather some information about our reported Bolter.

* It had a physiology at least somewhat like a fish.

* Despite this, it lived in a mountainous region.

* It apparently subsisted on humans, which was a point of great concern.

* It was not far, having reported sightings around the Rocky Mountains in our Colorado.

On the topic of its diet was a paper the captain slid me. It read that an individual with a fairly high standing in the Association went missing somewhere in the region surrounding the town of Rico. The Division of Censuses started working on a report and had discovered, by looking through archived newspaper articles, that Rico was experiencing a notably high trend of missing persons. A fair portion of them had reportedly been tourists that were in the area to experience the Rockies.

With that, it was a certainty that this investigation must be started and concluded within a timely manner, ideally before the cold really began to blow in. As there were no maligned spirits involved, which I often declared myself as wary of, I found my assignment as the lead of the investigation satisfactory. 

The squad was to be composed of: 

* Myself

* The captain's forester Mr. Cox, who was a new accomplice within our Association

* Mr. Cox's student and subordinate Mr. DuBois

*  And a Mr. Thomas Ohlinder, another operative within our Association who was meant to be my second-in-command

I feel that it's pertinent to mention another note of what the captain and I discussed, which explains the reason why I'm filing this report faster than I usually would. There's been a recent rumor, which he confirmed to me, that our Association is going to be restructured in combination with another group that's dedicated to our common cause. As Capt. Hawthorn explained, this is already in motion, and is actively being implemented across the entirety of our Association. 

Within our niche of discovering undiscovered creatures, it seems that only two major divisions will remain. There's going to be a general assimilation of the redundant branches into either [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/department-of-mythology-and-folkloristics-hub our division] or the Paranatural Hidden Fauna Division. In my opinion, these divisions are still fairly similar, so perhaps one day there will be a [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/cryptozoology-division-hub combination of our divisions into one].

I bring this up as I have experienced the paper shuffling and pains of bureaucracy firsthand, and I realize that there will be greater priorities than the capture of a lone creature. I want to emphasize on record that this threat is urgent and the action it requires cannot be delayed by the complexity of this reorganization.

As I stated, our new squad was established. Given our information, we set out to commence operations a week after our formation. With the standard confinement kit consisting of a rhinoceros-sized net and an elixir of potassium bromide mixed with calomel, we were raring to go. 

We set off to the small town of Rico—which was BUSTLING at the time beyond our expectation of "small town". We asked why to a local man, and he didn't make any mention of a Bolter, but did try to hire us in the ready mining of silver. We declined and told him we were in business otherwise—to which he scoffed.

We spent the rest of the afternoon establishing camp in the local inn and becoming familiar with the town. It was surely small in size but overflowing with people—so many that I found it hard to believe that they could all live here. Well, it had everything a man might need; a place to sleep, a place to eat, about twenty saloons... and quite the red-light district. There were other fine establishments happy to accommodate the busybodies and stragglers throughout Rico, but we had no reason to entertain them.

We had a Bolter to find.

Starting upon the next day, we spent about a week asking around about rumors and local myths. As a group, we intentionally leveraged our demeanors as inconspicuous. Our work was the kind that deemed secrecy necessary! We felt out of luck as not a name mentioned the Bolter of legend. As we didn't want to needlessly mention the name of the beast to lead people on, we had nearly decided to move onto a neighboring town. 

An older woman with a frail figure caught our attention only a matter of hours before we were to set out. We asked her about local myths, posing ourselves as wandering tourists looking for enrichment. She pondered for a moment before asking,

"Heard you of the Slide-Rock Bolter?" The younger men's eyes nearly shot from their skulls. Mr. Ohlinder, the natural de-escalator of situations, took the initiative to engage her further.

"The Slide-Rock Bolter? No ma'am, nary a peep. What is it?"

"An old legend," The lady started. "Of a creature somewhere in the range of Telluride and here."

We had a lead! From Rico, Telluride was about 8 hours or so by steed. That is, if we went straight through the bush. The woman, bless her soul, was not able to recall the characteristics of the thing besides its hostility towards tourists in the mountains. Though, she did furnish us with where we might find those who knew more.

At that point, we realized that it might've been a mistake to avoid the establishments that we deemed "unnecessary". We were surprised to find out from her that the owner of a small boutique would be our next informant.

There we spoke to Mr. McClendon, and then to Mr. Hillford of the theater, a nocturnal Ms. Quinn who wore an exceptionally tight-fitting dress, and finally Father Shives of the smaller of two churches. By then, we had a much better idea of what the Bolter was like—or rather what the legend alluded to it being like.

@@ @@

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=8

|speed=375

|float=true

|align=center

|width=37em

|url=https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-9164/bolter.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=Illustration of RF-64, or the "Slide-Rock Bolter".

|alt=alt

|alt-text=Drawing of a creature sliding down a mountain through trees with its mouth open, revealing sharp teeth. It's sliding towards a group of panicked, running people. The image is captioned, reading "The Slide-Rock Bolter".

]]

The young and aspiring Mr. DuBois, who proved far beyond my skill level with the pencil, graciously answered my request to inscribe an illustration of the attested creature to this report.

The following was established by the denizens of Rico. The Bolter, a creature which was mostly a head and mouth with small beady eyes, which only inhabited steep mountains, used the hooks in its back flippers to keep stationary on high ridges, waiting to slide down the mountain to scoop up prey whole. We weren't sure if it was more frightening now that we knew what to look for... or if it was scarier when we knew almost nothing about the beast.

Out of fear for the safety of the two younger men's lives, Mr. Ohlinder and I decided to leave them in Rico as we surveyed the range from here to Telluride. We told them that if we weren't back to regroup within the day or next to then contact the captain and send for a reinforcement. They protested, as young men do, but we ruled this absolutely. We weren't going to let them give their lives to a monster. 

The next day, as neither Mr. Ohlinder nor I were familiar with the bicycle trend of late, we saddled up our horses and made off for the mountains. Even though we had no map, we had compasses, and a general knowledge that if we followed this pass, we would eventually arrive in the town of Telluride.

We didn't find ourselves as lucky as we initially thought we'd be. We found nothing for days all the way across the verdant range. 

We spent the first day surveying the whole pass before arriving in Telluride, where we slept. It was a great looking town, one that I wish I could've spent more time exploring, but I had an obligation to seek out a legend. On the way back to meet up with Mr. Cox and DuBois, we surveyed the pass again. We kept to this pattern for almost a week. It was, in our eyes, the best way to keep up progress and reassure the younger gentleman of our continued existence. 

Those were long days, full of tedium, and they seemed hopeless. It was demoralizing to Mr. Ohlinder and myself both. But, stopping us from giving up was the fact that we found no information about the Bolter until what was planned to be our last day in Rico. This ignited us with enough motivation to keep at it. Eventually, through this determination, we made our harrowing discovery.

We went up into the hills through the trees to the dismay of our steeds, hoping that our distanced approach of the pass was the reason we hadn't seen a thing. With the dense pine confusing most of our sight, we quickly figured that this decision would lead to even less progress. It was Mr. Ohlinder's acute vision that first caught the sight.

"What is..." I remember exactly how he began speaking. "Craters, perhaps?"

"Have you seen something?" I asked him. He pointed to one of the smaller mountains in the distance. There, I saw it too.

Hidden behind the pine were two great shapes, indeed reminiscent of craters. We exchanged glances of fear for the first time on this journey. Despite all of our searching and curiosity, we were hoping they were truly only craters.

We made our way forward sluggishly. We believed our horses' uncomfortable and restless behavior was to be attributed to the rough terrain... but in retrospect, perhaps they detected something that we didn't. 

 Approaching the stone wall, we looked up at it, trying to ascertain the origin of the holes. Surely, Mr. Ohlinder must've been praying within his own mind just as I was. There, we saw they were not holes or craters, but projections out of the mountain. With my breath held and a hesitation I've not known since my time in academy, I placed my hand against the mountain. I was happy to retain my life, as one may find evident by the writing of this report, but was surprised by the texture of the peak. It felt almost more like scales than stone. 

Mr. Ohlinder, finding it safe to follow by my lead, caressed the mountain—but quickly shot his hand back. He looked at his palm, shaking, as a moisture dripped from it. He touched a crack in the ridge—I told him it was simply rainwater that had collected itself, but he looked at me with a dire sincerity and said:

"It is like slime."

He wildly wiped himself off as I stepped away to get a better look. There, I stared upon the fissure in its entirety.

"Good God," I said to him.

"What?" He shouted.

Then I told him the horror, "They're lips!"

We realized. There, in its entirety, slept the Slide-Rock Bolter. There were two shut eyes budding out with a closed, but mucus filled mouth. The legends were either misinformed or had lost veracity over the years. It was not a creature that inhabited a mountain—the creature was a mountain! 

I looked to the net and chemical mixture that we were meant to confine the beast with. Perhaps if we had a hundred or two hundred more nets, we could cover it; but the sheer magnitude of the thing would've overpowered any number of nets we threw onto it.

We stood dazed for but a moment before a sudden wind blew, not from the trees or the sky, but from the mouth of the alp. And, while I cannot be certain if my nerves deceived me or not, I swear I saw one of the "craters" quiver.

I am ashamed to admit in this report that we retreated back to Rico like scared girls. What were we to do when faced with that thing? It was far too large to capture and our tonic wouldn't do anything to a beast of its size—it was already asleep, at that. And what if our meddling caused it to further stir? To awaken? All we could do was run.

We reported our findings, with sweat on our brows, to Mr. Cox and DuBois. After about an hour of quivering, we listlessly called the captain. We told him everything and our list of assumptions. By his order, we returned to base the following day.

This is currently all of the information we have on RF-64, or the "Slide-Rock Bolter". I have informed Capt. Hawthorn of everything personally—though it did take a whole day of conversation to explain the events of what happened, even after the phone call—and will move to formally file this report in the morning. 

Cox and DuBois were given a goal in consideration of their shared interests—a mission to spread misinformation about the Bolter. They weren't to propagate the truth of the creature's nature, but rather to spread the lie we heard. The captain told them they could frame it however they wanted, though I did overhear them talking about some kind of falsified compendium full of American legends. 

I have been lead operative on sixteen of the division's investigations now. I will state that again—sixteen. Not once in those first fifteen did I feel the kind of fear I did upon standing beneath the Bolter. I emphasized the importance of this threat to Capt. Hawthorn, and he seemed to understand, but I will formally state here that I implore the allocation of funds to the installation of a solution POST-HASTE! 

We do not need to step into the 20th century with this beast freely in the world.

## --Operative John Clayton, 1899

---

 << [SCP-9163](SCP-9163) | RF-64 | [SCP-9165](SCP-9165) >> 

> **Filename:** tailpiece.png

> **Name:** AnathomiaAMaisCorrecta Tailpiece1

> **Author:** Manoel Constancio

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:AnathomiaAMaisCorrecta_Tailpiece1.svg

> **Filename:** bolter.jpg

> **Name:** bolter_fclw

> **Author:** Coert Du Bois

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** http://www.lib.lumberwoods.org/fclw/bolter.html
