by 

---

# **CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES**:

SCP-9377 is not able to be boarded by any living persons. Desynchronized crew are to be considered KIA. Any messages relayed during contact windows, to the crew or any replicated doubles, are to insist rescue efforts are still underway. 

# **UPDATED CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES**:

 SCP-9377 must be decommissioned or neutralized no later than December 15, 2128. Projections for expected detonation force of the Catastrophic Realignment event are available from the Epochal Threat Monitoring Office. Video transmissions have ceased as of February 2nd, 2030. Current research efforts are focused on relieving internal hull pressure.

# **DESCRIPTION**:

SCP-9377 is a chronological instability centered on the RV POLARSTERN, a Foundation science vessel currently located at ████, █████. 

The principal anomaly is a three-day temporal desynchronization event, triggered by an unknown interaction between the nuclear reactor powering the ship and an extratemporal phenomenon. The time experienced is relative to the interior of the ship, moving three times slower compared to exterior time.

 The de-synchronization presents as a “dirty” time loop, where affected persons will be recreated in their initial positions when the loop begins, and continue to persist when the current loop ends. RCT-Δt operatives have identified the start and end of the loop as the POLARSTERN's nuclear reactor achieving an off-scale high criticality event before returning to normal operating parameters.

---

RV POLARSTERN, at the time of the incident, was investigating SCP-████ with a skeleton crew of 4 science personnel and 6 operational staff. 

---

---

# **Initial Discovery**:

SCP-9377 was discovered when the RV POLARSTERN broadcast 230 distress signals in the space of 60 seconds on 11/18/2029.

Drone reconnaissance by MTF Rho-10 "On The Rocks" observed no external damage to the hull of the RV POLARSTERN, and confirmed the death of two crewmen of hypothermia. Significant damage to the exterior bulkhead was noted as an attempt to regain entry, which appeared to be fused shut. Additionally, all portholes appeared to open to a solid steel wall.

Observational cordon was established, with no activity until 11/21/2029. A 60 second burst of light was visible from a starboard porthole; loitering drones managed to capture a brief image during this window.

During a random 60 second window, every 24-36 hours, brief wireless contact can be made through the window. The signal quality is incredibly poor, but small files have been transferred via IR pulse. The most frequent source of contact is made via messages held up to the porthole by Crewman A. KELLEY.

# CAPTURED IMAGES

The following are images captured by Foundation monitoring equipment at the starboard porthole. During the brief window offered during resets, Crew Chief A. KELLEY communicated via signs and transferred files, when available. 

---

---

 

---

---

Quality of recovered footage from SCP-9377 is incredibly poor. All transcripts are reconstructed from upscaled .3gp files.

## RECOVERED FOOTAGE

The camera holds on a steel ladder leading up to the porthole. The view shifts as it is lifted by a crewman and is taken towards the ladder.

**KELLEY**: *Unintelligible*

The view moves outside, exposure adjusting to the stark white and blue of the ice field. The FSS TRANSCANADA is visible in the path of broken ice, as well as the cordon. No people appear to be moving.

**KELLEY**: *Unintelligible* -their asses and get us out of here.

The footage rapidly cuts to an overhead angle of a workbench. A cylindrical sample of an ice core is laid out. 

Another cut to footage of crewman **BARNES** sobbing. There is no audio.

---

---

---

---

---

## RECOVERED FOOTAGE

The cargo bay of the **POLARSTERN**. 8 observed figures are playing soccer in the empty bay. The teams appear to consist of iterations of **BARNES** and **KELLEY**.

Another fast cut. Roughly 3 frames of footage. **BARNES** is holding the hand of **BARANOWZKY**, who appears to be partially bisected at the waist.

Cut. A group of **PRINCE** iterations are gathered in the mess hall.

**PRINCES**: *Ransom notes keep falling out your mouth-*

The camera turns to another **PRINCE** leading the group with exaggerated conductor gestures.

Another snippet of the ice core sample alongside petri dishes. The dishes are overcome with fluorescent blue swirls.

---

---

---

---

## RECOVERED FOOTAGE

Static angle of a sealed bulkhead. Unseen crewman with a 7 on the back of his hand opens the hatch, before being overcome by a red slurry pouring out. Someone vomits off camera.

Cut. Another shot of the work bench. Petri dishes have doubled in count, all a fluorescent blue. 

Cut. Hallway security footage of a **KELLEY** instance grabbing another **KELLEY** instance by the lapels of his jumpsuit and kissing him. The other reciprocates. Third **KELLEY** instance walks past, shaking his head. They reach out as he passes, grabbing at his sleeves. The third instance turns back towards them, following them off-screen.

Cut. Handheld camera footage of the freezer stacked with body bags. The bodies closest to the door are simply covered in sheets. **BARANOWZKY**'s face is visible three times.

---

---

---

---

---

---

## RECOVERED FOOTAGE

**PRINCE** is holding the hand of a dying **BARANOWZKY**. A third figure stands behind them with a fire ax.

Cut. The table is overflowing with glowing blue petri dishes.

Cut. Crewman **HENDRICKS** is in the reactor room, opening a hatch to the coolant loop of the core.

Cut. Fish-eye view of an endoscopy camera. It pushes down the inside of a pipe.  The interior burns blue.

Cut. The mess hall is packed, crewman in an uproar.

Cut. The freezer door is being shoved closed. A hand stops it open. A boot kicks it back in, folding the elbow wrong.

Cut. Dark hallway, wet coughing.

---

---

---

---

---

---

## RECOVERED FOOTAGE

**UNKNOWN VOICE**: Three, two, one…

The ship groans. **BARANOWZKY** appears, an axe swings down.

Cut. Incinerator room. Iterations of the four crewmen lay dead on the floor. A living crewman is shoving them through the grate, one limb at a time.

Cut. View of the cordon through the porthole. Ragged breathing.

Cut. View from the top of a ladder at a teeming sea of bodies.

Cut. View of packed ice sheets. The prow is slowly grinding through. **HOLLIDAY** gives a thumbs up.

---

---

---

---

---

---

---

---

---

---

---

---

---

No further communication has been received from the RV POLARSTERN.

@@@@

@@@@

=====

=====

<< [SCP-9376](SCP-9376) | SCP-9377 | [SCP-9378](SCP-9378) >>
