]

**Special Containment Procedures:** All foundation personnel reporting frequent or serious anomalous activity must be given an investigation for possible classification. Subjects assumed to be affected by a curse should be scanned with an [Akiva counter](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/akiva-counter-operating-instructions ) to detect any abnormal centiAkiva levels; this information will help in confirming its existence and gaining information. If centiAkiva levels are not affected, the investigation must be flagged for further review.

All confirmed curses must have their investigation taken over by [The Department of Tactical Theology](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/tactical-theology-hub) if it already isn't to dispel the curse. In some specific cases will the investigation and research be collaborated with or taken over by another department.

Each curse under the SCP-9141 number will have their own Special Containment Procedures to minimise any damage or effects while the curse is active. If a curse persists for an extended period of time, reclassification and an allocated object number can be considered. All curses confirmed to have been dispelled will have their classification rescinded, removed from SCP-9141's main article, and archived for future reference, organisation and possible reappearances.If you wish to view an archived curse, contact RAISA for access to a digital or physical copy

**Description:** SCP-9141 is an umbrella term referring to all minor curses placed onto the Foundation. There are currently 37 active curses and 8957 in the history of SCP-9141’s written record.In consideration of your security level, not every curse will be listed.

All SCP-9141 instances must fit one of the following criteria to qualify for the SCP-9141 classification:

* The curse only affects one person and/or certain area.

* The curse is temporary and lasts for a very short time.

* The curse has been dealt with before and can easily be dealt with again.

* The curse does not pose long term harm but is an annoyance.

* The curse follows simple procedures and is very easy to contain, minimise and/or maintain.

Curses listed will also be given a special classification according to the following list:

* 🟢 Green - No risk/annoyance, little effect, specific conditions, unremarkable.

* 🟡 Yellow - Little risk/annoyance, mild effect, broader conditions, unremarkable.

* 🟠 Orange - Moderate risk/annoyance, common conditions, remarkable.

* 🔴 Red - High risk, interruption to work, little to no conditions, priority.

* 🔵 Blue - One time appearance and/or too little information is known.

* ⚪️ White - Neutralised but of importance.

**In many cases there will be deviations and exceptions to the criteria and classifications above.**

---

---

---

##### {{ACCESSING DATABASE. PLEASE HOLD...}}

---

---

---

### SCP-9141-9 (Here Be Great Danes)

**Class:** ⚪️ WhiteNote: Was awaiting an object number before being neutralised

**Special Containment Procedures:** Procedures discontinued as of 10/5/46 following the curse's neutralisation. Any manifested Great Danes have been transferred to a rescue shelter or adopted by Site-170 personnel and administered a tracking chip.

All documentation except for the older containment procedures will not be archived. This information has been kept as an important reference for adding to the SCP-9141 number.

**Description:** SCP-9141-9 refers to the unexplainable monthly manifestations of adult male Great Danes within Site-170 since 6/10/45. 3-6 Great Danes manifest monthly. All Great Danes possess no anomalous properties. Any prior history of the manifested canines such as their original owners, place of origin, how manifestations and why manifestations occur are unknown. No manifestation has been viewed in person and all manifested Great Danes have expired 5-7 years after their first known appearance from natural causes.

**{{6/10/45:}}** 3 adult male Great Danes were found throughout separate sections of Site-170. Investigations into how or why they were in the facility is unknown. All Great Danes were non-anomalous and displayed no abnormalities. All instances were transferred to an animal shelter after their discovery.

**{{13/11/45:}}** 4 adult male Great Danes were found within researcher Morris' office. When Morris returned, his office's furniture was slightly damaged and dirtied. One instance was found urinating on the floor. Following this, instances were temporarily kept in a containment chamber before being transferred to an animal shelter.

**{{15/12/45:}}** 6 adult male Great Danes manifested, 3 within Site-170's cafeteria, 2 within hallways of Site-170 and 1 inside of Site-170's archives. No damage had been caused from any of the instances and were transferred and kept within a repurposed containment chamber within Site-170.

**{{8/01/46:}}** 3 adult male Great Danes manifested within Site Director Hay's office. When Director Hay returned, furniture within the office were heavily damaged and several files upon his desk were destroyed. All instances were transferred and kept within a repurposed containment chamber within Site-170.

> Look, I think it's about time I call it; give this thing it's own number already. Now, I know the purpose of taking this slot is to put all the petty curses on the foundation somewhere, and we're a bit lenient or tough in some of the criteria. But we're certainly past the due date on this thing. 4 straight months, no explanation, sacks of information outside of the current file. If this thing comes back next month you owe SCP-9141-9 its own number. I want this stuff taken seriously. My team is tired of keeping pets, Site-170 keeps the opposite.

> - **Site Director William Hay** *09/01/46*

**Curse has since been neutralised.**

---

### SCP-9141-2797 (We Miss You Margaret)

**Class:** 🔵 Blue

**Special Containment Procedures:** Any personnel affected by SCP-9141-2797 are to be allowed temporary leave from their positions and excused from work for up to one week to grieve. During this time another qualified personnel will take over their position if necessary. After, they will be reassigned to their old position and tasks. If effects still continue after the one week period; they are to be granted and organised on-site therapy.

**Description:** SCP-9141-2797 was a curse inflicted by PoI-5876 ("Margaret Minnel") upon their death. They were known to have relations between The Serpent's hand and thaumaturgy, but the specifics of the latter are unknown. Following her termination during a small raid on Site-58, over 50 personnel within the site began experiencing strong emotions and grief for Margaret even though most had never known her. Many of which experienced false memories consisting of joyful and nostalgic moments. These widely consisted of:

* Going to school together

* Attending each others marriages

* Going to public areas and attractions (park, café, restaurant, shopping centre/markets, theme parks, etc)

* Being implemented in already existing memories

* Supporting the affected individual in hard times

* Long and personal conversations

* Being apart of a team and playing sports together

* Doing successful research with the help of Margaret

Though, most effects quickly subsided and all memories were almost entirely erased after several days of grieving. Trying to remember these memories when prompted to makes affected person(s) slightly amnesic.

20 years following its supposed neutralisation, the same effects returned; affecting over 20 personnel within Site-58.

@@@@

**Addendum(s)**

>> **Entry From Margaret Minnel's Confiscated Journal**

> Every day a thought haunts me, that is my fear of being forgotten.

> @@@@

> No one remembers who I was, who I am and I end up leaving no impact on this world nor its people. I regret so many decisions and missed opportunities throughout my life. All my "hard work" basically meaning nothing.

> @@@@

> My greatest fear isn't not having any will to live, but not having any will to die.

**Curse has been ongoing for 21 years.**

---

### SCP-9141-5997 (Coffee Days)

**Class:** 🟢 Green

**Special Containment Procedures:** Manual coffee stations consisting of coffee bags, coffee packets, kettles, a variety of milks and mixing sticks will be provided any time within every Site-17 cafeteria. It is advised personnel keep note of all coffee machine's position before the curse's annual effect. It is also advised to mark where the coffee machine was every time it disappears as to avoid future death, injury or damage.

**Description:** Annually, during an unpredictable 82 hour period, every automatic coffee machine throughout Site-17 will disappear instantly and leave no trace. After 82 hours have passed, all coffee machines will reappear exactly where they were before the effect. Coffee machines show no signs of contact, damage or tampering. Affected coffee machines notably experience lower centiAkiva levels than normal when reappearing before naturally regaining prior levels over a few days.

**Addendum(s)**

>> **Incident 9141-5997**

> During the second manifestation of SCP-9141-5997, a newer coffee machine model for Site-17's C wing cafeteria was being transported through the hallways. During this time SCP-9141-5997 took effect and the machine disappeared. When the coffee machine returned, a researcher was positioned exactly where it returned, leading to their torso being replaced and an almost instant expiration.

**Curse has been ongoing for 12 years**

---

### SCP-9141-8602 (Who Wants to Be an Auctioneer?)

**Class:** 🔵 Blue (Processing for removal)

**Special Containment Procedures:** Preparations will be made and rehearsed for the next Site-43 annual art auction. The future auctioneer for this year's auction is Senior Researcher Lucas O'Connor. In the case SCP-9141-8602 repeats, the auction must be cancelled and all "auctioneers" rounded for examination with the assistance of Site Security. Further information will be communicated at a later date.

All supposed "auctioneers" are unable to make contact with each other and must under close supervision to avoid any fights leading to injuries and death. Auctioneers will be provided on-site therapy as to diminish any violent tendencies and feelings of hate towards other affected subjects.

**Effects did not repeat. Subject due for reclassification and archival by RAISA.**

**Description:** SCP-9141-8602 is a curse that manifested during Site-43's 2025 art auctionAn annual auction where personnel create artworks prior to share and profit from. The creator of artworks are notably not revealed to buyers.. Several people present at the auction began experiencing abnormal social behaviours believed themselves as the event's auctioneer. Others had then forgotten who the real auctioneer was. Once personnel began to notice, widespread panic and hysteria had begun. All auctioneers began attacking each other in belief the others were attempting to "steal their title" and an unexplainable anger. This lead to 27 injuries and 5 deaths. The auction was eventually shut down by Site Security.

Supposed auctioneers displayed advanced proficiency and knowledge in public speaking and financial mathematics they did not originally possess. They explain that they had always known these skills and were either self taught or mentored by somebody. When asked about their mentors and methods of gaining these skills, they expressed memories being unclear or outright forgotten and who had taught them being unknown.

**Addendum(s)**

> **Voice Message to Rebecca Nightingale from Tom Hartmann  *██/██/26***

Hey, Rebecca. Just reaching out to you since I believe you were the lead in that investigation of SCP-9141? more specifically the 8602 one, and I believe still are? Anyways, I've needed tell you about this whole kinda thing going on with the auctioneers. They're all just... doing some weird stuff; like auctions? Weird, I know, but you've worked on this kind of stuff way longer than me, so you must've seen worse. Anyhow, I've noticed around Site-43 some of the auctioneers just... how do I say this? Started selling their own equipment? One was just in the hallways pointing at people and blurting bigger and bigger numbers while they display their pen which just ran outta ink; stuff like that. It's only happened, what? Three times? But that's more than enough to know somethings going on. First time I saw it an auctioneer asked how much his friend would pay for some of his lunch. Other guy jokingly said "five bucks" and then the guy started a whole auction! "Going once! Going Twice!" **laughs** I laughed my ass off when I saw that, I probably almost died back there. Alright, I might be getting too ahead of myself here. Just wanted to tell you since I'm sure it's pretty important and Command would eat your ass if this went unnoticed for too long. I'll also contact this to the e-mail you need to get to for SCP-9141 since I know you're a bit busy and wont see this right away. **laughs** Thanks!

{{END TRANSCRIPT}}

**Curse appeared 1 year ago, presumed neutralised**

---

### SCP-9141-8897 (Soda Pop)

**Class:** 🟡 Yellow

**Special Containment Procedures:** 9141-8964 is not allowed to interact with any soda or purchase from any on-site vending machines. Small changes to SCP-9141-8964's diet within cafeterias and other aspects has been discussed and implemented.

9141-8964's MTF position will not be affected and they are allowed to participate in future operations.

**Description:** SCP-9141-8964 refers to Corporal █████ (9141-8964), an MTF unit in Mu-0 (“Maxwell's Demons”), and his inability to interact with sugary drinks. Any and all sugary drinks that he interacts with or has a high will to consume explodes into a pink cloud of corn starch and rainbow confetti. This also applies to any packaging containing the liquid.

As to how this came into effect, It is highly theorised that 9141-8964 accidentally damaged an anomaly during a field mission. That anomaly, wielding relatively weak demonic powers, then placed a low-level curse onto him out of spite.

**Curse has been ongoing for 5 weeks.**

---

### SCP-9141-8940 (Transport Delayed)

**Class:** 🔴 Red

**Special Containment Procedures:** Site-19's transport tunnel B will be temporarily closed off and put out of use. Transportation of equipment, materials and important cargo must be transported accordingly or through a separate tunnel. No unauthorised personnel are allowed to enter the transport tunnels unless given direct permission by Foundation command or hold established territory.

Members of the security department are to be positioned at all entrances and exits to the transport tunnel and are expected to shoot down any Serpent's Hand members on sight. Personnel will be given orders to advance and regain the tunnel periodically.

**UPDATE:** Site-19 command is currently organising and communicating with MTF teams into a raid on transport tunnel B. Any further explorations will be cancelled and security forces are advised to hold their position in regaining territory.

**Description:** SCP-9141-8940 is a curse affecting Site-19's underground transport tunnel B. It was inflicted by 5 members of the Serpent's Hand who are currently inside the tunnel's electrical switchroom. The curse present is producing these effects:

* MentallySuch as causing an irrational fear or having thoughts and desires related to the tunnel altered and/or physically warding off personnel

* Causing the tunnel and the surrounding area to degrade at a faster and abnormal rate. Leading to the surrounding building to weaken, crumble and collapse.If this is allowed to continue, the entire tunnel could collapse and sink the buildings above 

The curse has grown weaker and its area of effect is quickly diminishing, most likely due to members growing weak and dying from a lack of nutrition and current living conditions.

**Addendum(s)**

>> **Incident Timelapse**

> **02:00** - Around this time Serpent's Hand members infiltrated Site-19. Their methods to achieve this is unknown.

> @@@@

> **04:00** - Serpent's Hand members reach transport tunnel B and enter the electrical switchroom. 2 security guards were killed by the members upon conducting checks.

> @@@@

> **04:30** - Curse is initiated. Personnel inside the tunnel experience an irrational fear and flee, others are physically pushed out by an unknown force. 2 vehicles reportedly crash in this time, with 4 casualties identified.

> @@@@

> **05:00** - Transport tunnel B is closed off and security is positioned. Attempts of entering the tunnel proved ineffective. Serpent's Hand members are discovered in the electrical switchroom through security footage.

> @@@@

> **07:00** - Personnel report transport tunnel B and the surrounding area experiencing damage and deterioration. Curse is given classification SCP-9141-8940.

> @@@@

> **10:00** - First version of SCP-9141-8902's documentation created and uploaded to database. Special Containment Procedures organised, communicated and implemented.

**Curse has been ongoing for 3 weeks**

---

### SCP-9141-8941 (Fire Starter)

**Class:** 🟠 Orange

**Special Containment Procedures:** Agent Johnny █████ (henceforth referred to as SCP-9141-8741) is not allowed within the proximity of any Foundation site anymore. As to avoid harm or extensive damages to civilians and buildings, he is not allowed to reside in his Foundation provided safe house for over 2 weeks.This is an estimate, the specifics of timing are still being investigated  

SCP-9141-8741A will no longer be allowed to gather intel on certain PoIs. His new priorities as a field agent is reporting quickly to small investigations. Though, it is advised to minimise his time spent on missions and in public areas.

**Description:** SCP-9141-8741 is a curse inflicted on Agent Johnny █████.Last name redacted to ensure confidentiality Locations important to SCP-9141-8741 indirectly burst into flames whenever he is not inside or close within proximity. The causes and types of these fires vary, previous incidents include electrical fires, solid fires, gas fires and liquid fires. All of these fires were not caused directly. The flames themselves aren't anomalous and are capable of being extinguished. Though, they will grow quickly and have a possibility of returning after being extinguished.

Investigations into the origins of this curse is still ongoing. The most likely suspect is the PoI he was investigating (PoI-13895), who had relations to thaumaturgy and was utilising it against the Foundation.

**Discovery:** SCP-9141-8741 reported to Foundation Command via e-mail of several fires appearing at locations related to him. This included restaurants, retail stores, several family members homes and even the home of a PoI he was investigating. This was then given an investigation before the curse was confirmed.

**Curse has been ongoing for 3 weeks Presumed longer considering its recent discovery**

<details>
<summary>1 Result(s) Are Hidden</summary>

---

### SCP-9141-1 (Curse The Foundation)

**Class:** ⚫️ BlackWithin the SCP-9141 number due to special request or specific requirements

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9141-1 has been assigned their own Special Containment Procedures. Current containment procedures for SCP-9141-1 are aligned with SCP-████'s procedures and SCP-9141's general procedures.

**Description:** SCP-9141-1 refers to a copious number of curses inflicted onto the Foundation by SCP-████A deity which regularly possesses a person and wields thaumaturgic power while in possession out of spite, after a Foundation member terminated one their possessed subjects.

All curses vary in effect, power and type. Many of these curses have contributed to the SCP number, approximately 200-1000 for all time.

**Addendum(s)**

>> **Addendum 9141-1 (1A)**This is one of several interviews conducted with SCP-████, and thus taken out of context

> *Senior Researcher Smith leads SCP-████ into an interviewing room. No security were present in this time nor was this interview organised and authorised. Once inside, Smith proceeded to turn on the recorder at the left side of the table and start.*

> @@@@

> **Smith:** Alright, SCP-████. This is-

> @@@@

> **SCP-████:** Sorry? Why are you calling me by a number again all of a sudden? Didn't I ask for my name in future interviews?

> @@@@

> **Smith:** Right, hah. I just... err...

> @@@@

> *5 seconds of silence pass before Smith clears his throat*

> @@@@

> **Smith:** SC- Alastor. Theres no point for me to delay this. I know why you're here.

> @@@@

> **SCP-████:** Oh, do you?

> @@@@

> **Smith:** Don't give me that shit! You act like me and every other person around here are monkeys! You act like we're some apes who know only a lick of English and take interest in everything, write them in our "little papers". All while you put on your facade as Alastor Taylor! A man who's life you stole! I know what you want, we know who you are. You're using them aren't you? You're using us, swindling every person you see!

> @@@@

> **SCP-████:** I don't know what you're tal-

> @@@@

> **Smith:** Shut up! Just shut up! Be honest with me here okay? Why? What the hell are you doing this for? And for God's sake, how!?

> @@@@

> *5 more seconds of silence pass*

> @@@@

> **SCP-████:** I-I'm... I just-

> @@@@

> *SCP-████ sighs*

> @@@@

> **SCP-████:** This is all some misunderstanding!

> @@@@

> *Smith begins to stand out of his chair and presumably pulls out a handgun, pointed at SCP-████*

> @@@@

> **SCP-████:** Woah! **chuckles nervously** What are you going to do with that? Huh?

> @@@@

> **Smith:** Please.. just, please..! Be honest with me here! Okay?

> @@@@

> **SCP-████:** You're going to get no where like this. Just put the gun down, take me back and calm yourself while thinking this through. You could get in serious trouble for this, couldn't you?

> @@@@

> **Smith:** I've thought this through alright! And it's torn me apart. Why aren't you using your abilities here? Can't you just... kill me right here, right now? Or maybe, You've been letting your "fun" time as a human get to you and make you soft as a deity, hasn't it?

> @@@@

> *A 3 second silence passes before an low humming sound plays, Researcher Smith starts screaming and promptly shoots SCP-████ 6 times. 20 seconds pass before site security rush in and promptly detain Researcher Smith upon viewing the aftermath.*

> @@@@

> = {{END TRANSCRIPT}}

> **Addendum 9141-1 (2A)**

> **Addendum 9141-1 (1B)**

#### **{{An Important Message To The Members Of The Foundation}}**

{{Following a recent incident regarding SCP-████, personnel have reported a rising amount of anomalous phenomena and an unnatural number of "coincidences" posing large threats to their lives and/or work. This has been expressed to Foundation Command numerous times and we are currently working on solutions and investigations.}}

 

{{It is advised personnel take extra caution when interacting with sentient SCPs, organise and communicate interviews with people of higher position and relevant departments; more specifically the Ethics Committee and do not take part in any reckless actions. If you experience a repeated amount of coincidences or anomalous phenomena within your work, please do not hesitate and reach out to your Site's command for an investigation.}}

**{{Secure, Contain, Protect}}**

**Curse has been ongoing for 100 years**

---

</details>

---

{{THIS PAGE SHOWS **7** RESULTS **|**  **42** RESULTS HAVE BEEN FILTERED **|** **8920** NEUTRALISED}}

---

<< [SCP-9140](SCP-9140) | SCP-9141 | [SCP-9142](SCP-9142) >>

> **Filename:** Screenshot%202026-04-16%20at%201.54.13%E2%80%AFpm.png

> **Name:** People's Dispensary for Sick Animals at Swansea (1458375).jpg

> **Author:** Geoff Charles

> **License:** [[[|Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.en)]

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:People%27s_Dispensary_for_Sick_Animals_at_Swansea_(1458375).jpg

> **Additional Notes:** Photo has been altered in that black boxes were placed over the people's eyes.

> **Filename:** Screenshot%202026-04-16%20at%209.11.12%E2%80%AFpm.png

> **Name:** Double portrait, man, woman, wooden cottage, bench Fortepan 25509.jpg

> **Author:** Adományozó/Donor: Székelyi Péter.

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0[Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en )

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Double_portrait,_man,_woman,_wooden_cottage,_bench_Fortepan_25509.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** Photo has been altered in that black boxes were placed over the people's eyes

> **Filename:** Flowers_in_a_pot_by_Monet.jpg

> **Name:** Flowers in a pot by Monet.jpg

> **Author:** sunle (photographer:Li Jie (李捷))

> **License:** [[[|Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.en)]

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Flowers_in_a_pot_by_Monet.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** No changes have been made to the image

> **Filename:** 19913040646_1408122e36_o.jpg

> **Name:** House Fire

> **Author:** Peter John Hill

> **License:** [Creative Commons Attribution 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/deed.en )

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/7475072@N07/19913040646

> **Additional Notes:** No changes have been made.

> **Filename:** Two_workers_working_on_the_Queens%E2%80%93Midtown_Tunnel.jpg

> **Name:** Two workers working on the Queens–Midtown Tunnel.jpg

> **Author:** Metropolitan Transportation Authority of the State of New York

> **License:** [Creative Commons Attribution 2.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/deed.en )

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Two_workers_working_on_the_Queens%E2%80%93Midtown_Tunnel.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** No changes have been made.

> **Filename:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/1930_Fortepan_77959.jpg

> **Name:** File:1930 Fortepan 77959.jpg

> **Author:** Adományozó/Donor: Kiss Katalin.

> **License:** [Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en )

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:1930_Fortepan_77959.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** No changes have been made
