**SCP-9587** Void Cats

**Object Classification**: Thaumiel

**Object Description**: (WIP) To describe SCP-9587 would be like trying to give the details of something that won't allow you to perceive it, let alone know of its existence. 

***The following is a likeness prescribed for the prevention of cognito-hazardous conditions*** Feline both visually and in behavior. Its fur as black as the void acting as a window to perceive unfiltered space. Its' yellow eyes blown wide and empty just as much as its' expression. Tongue always askew, it refuses to change. Giving it a disarming appearance, even to be described by some as 'derpy' The term is to be understood as an appearance showing lack of intelligence and/or sentience. Originating from the internet to describe some animals or humans colloquially as 'goofy' or 'foolish' 

**Object Summary** It is hypothesized that SCP-9587 is not just another "reality-check" but "reality reinforcement" through both its subtle and not-so-subtle causal/temporal manipulations. Through varying means of SCP-9587 activity, the very universe as we perceive it, remains stable. One could view this entity as 'innocuous' or 'inept' but would come to quickly realize their foley.   

**Dr. R. Voss SCP-9587 Journal Entry:** #3

*“One could wonder what happens when their things ‘disappear’. Presumably misplaced, mishandled, or gone to a different dimension altogether… I am beginning to understand that last one, as more of a truth for us all."*

Containment of SCP-9587 has been deemed impossible for the sanity and safety of everyone in the foundation and beyond. *Originally SCP-9587 was able to be contained by believing it always existed within a cardboard box.* D-43689 was subject to direct contact. (i.e. allowed in the room with the box.) D-43689 was instructed to sit in the room of SCP-9587 and given the following description.

*"Black Persian Cat, looks through you not at you. Tongue exposed."*

Following instructions, D-43689 was to sit in the room and believe that this entity was in the box. After a few hours, head researcher for SCP-9587 Dr. R. Voss instructed D-43689 to open the box and say out loud what he saw.

**Audio File SCP-9587 Subject D-43689-2**

"I see uh, a fuggin cat. its-its-its gotta stupid face and those eyes seem to be lookin through me. its fuggin' creepy man! Can I go back to my room?" *Note: It was at this point a black 'paw' could be seen reaching from the box for D-43689.* "Aw, do you need a stretchin? Come'ere pretty kitty."

(*Note: A form of telepathic toxoplasmosis is occurrent when in proximity to these entities. A low-frequency vibration akin to 'purring' is also consistent with feline-behavior.*) 

*D-43689 proceeded to interact with SCP-9587 without incident for the remaining duration of the test. Interactions included, swaddling, playing with, in and around the box, and even showing some natural hunting skills indicative of its feline features.*

Upon returning to their cell D-43689 showed signs of distress and confusion. Siting an item of immense sentimental value, a simple photograph, was missing from their pocket. The guards that escorted D-43689 to SCP-9587 testing indicated he did have a picture of his late wife with him. (**O5 Council Note:** *This would later become known as a **"Collection Event"***) 

***Note:** SCP Foundation would like to reiterate that we are at our core "Cold, but not cruel." **PRIOR AUTHORIZATION** for all D-Class subjects to have a simple object of comfort in what could amount to their final moments is **APPROVED BY O5 COUNCIL***

**Dr. R. Voss SCP-9587 Journal Entry:** #5

*Subject D-43689 seemed distraught over the loss of the picture to the point he was ready to commit self-harm. Appetite suppressed, symptoms of depression prevalent. Three days later when subject was set to commit irreparable harm to himself. He stated 'that strange black cat' appeared in his cell with the photo he was missing under its paw. The cat refused to move until D-43689 took the photo back into their possession, and only then did the strange cat 'blink' from existence.*

(***O5 Council Note** The aforementioned occurrence will be categorized as a **"Return Event"***)

**Collection And Return Events (CAREs)**

"It is understood by the O5 Council that these events, in any way that they occur, must be documented in as much vivid detail as possible. As the information and data we gather becomes quickly fragmented, nonsensical, and incomplete. This entry is all The Foundation is able to salvage from the altered and 'misplaced' archives of SCP-9587.

**Collection Events** happen when an instance of SCP-9587 comes within proximity of an object of significant 'causal value'. Both the object and SCP-9587 essentially 'blink' The 'blink' occurs when one literally blinks or glances away from SCP-9587 allowing it to not exist in that moment and exist elsewhere as a form of teleportation.  out of existence.

**Return Events**, on the other hand, occur with consistency relative to the collected objects proper place in both time and space. These events are intended to keep the balance of reality and the universe as a whole, intact. An event of this nature occurs at the very moment it is required. One could surmise SCP-9587 of precise precognition. Others have theorized SCP-9587 *is* simply where it needs to be in accordance with the universe and its design.

(**O5 Council Note:** Any circumstances evident of Collection and Return Events one must NEVER interfere or become hostile towards SCP-9587. The risk of exposure to a Null Event is too great to pursue.)

**Dr. R. Voss SCP-9587 Journal Entry:** #6

"They were innocuous, even cute at first. But we came to realize their true purpose. The details are hazy at best, but what I saw and witnessed will forever remain scarred into my mind. The ability to 'blink' anything from existence has left holes in our data and many of my peers memory, though their scientific aptitude, unchanged. The holes of memory in question, are almost always centered around **Null Events**

**Null Events**

Instances of SCP-9587 have been known to 'blink' objects or persons from both visual and cognitive memory. As if they wiped that object, entity, or person entirety from existence. This occurrence is exceptionally rare and is only used in extreme circumstances where all possible non-violent precognitive outcomes have been exhausted. It has been observed a strange stance is taken and it freezes in place for a moment. Its' head tilted at an odd angle and its' limbs typically sprawled out, feline claws attaching it to the surface it claimed. The form and nature of SCP-9587 changes as the Null Event occurs. Lower jaw opens beyond anatomical limits, eyes become enlarged, sunken in, and fill with one could only describe as 'stars of the night sky', and time itself, stops. (**O5 Council Note:** *The nature of these Null Events remains unknown as the means in which the universe remains 'balanced' and 'functional' is beyond the current comprehension of The Foundation.*)

(**Current knowledge remains limited as archives and peer memory have been altered. As more trust is gained from SCP-9587, the more it allows to remain. All experiments from this moment forward are to be strictly observational lest we harm the tentative trust and the very fabric of our existence.**)
