**Special Containment Procedures:** 

SCP-9477 is to be kept in a 350ml glass inside a sealed, airtight plexiglass box and placed inside a standard-size artifact containment locker. At SCP-9477’s request, a small tablet is to be placed inside the plexiglass alongside it for enrichment purposes. Under no circumstances outside of testing is SCP-9477 to be in an unsealed container and in the vicinity of any form of water.

**Description**

SCP-9477 is a body of water with a volume of ~~200~~ 321ml and a pH of 6.85 that displays a sentience quotient of +45, is capable of speech, and is able to reform its own “body” at will, including changing between states. SCP-9477 has shown no sign of malicious behaviour or intent.

When mixed with waterIncluding solutions containing water, SCP-9477 will absorb it into itself and gain the requisite mass and volume of the water it has merged with. This includes if SCP-9477 is in a different state to the added water, such as if SCP-9477 is gaseous or the water is frozen. Testing has revealed that SCP-9477, when absorbing an aqueous solution, will excrete the compound(s) dissolved in the solvent. Moreover, any non-aqueous fluids For example; oil, bromine, mercury cannot integrate into SCP-9477. Further interviews have revealed that its ability to combine with substances is a conscious choice.

SCP-9477 will become distressed and unable to move with dexterity when placed on a hydrophobic surface, leading Foundation researchers to hypothesise that its means of transportation rely on friction and/or surface tension.

SCP-9477 was discovered on 3/2/2026 when a resident of Watching, Cornwall, UK poured out a glass of water which proceeded to scream. The resident called local police, which alerted Foundation monitors. The Foundation dispatched a group of field agents, who secured SCP-9477 and amnesticized the residents aware of its existence. Foundation monitors remained for a period of two months to verify this as a one-off incident, and no other instances of SCP-9477 proceeded to appear. 

**Interview with SCP-9477**

**Interviewed:** SCP-9477

**Interviewer:** Dr. Quinn Roselin

**Foreword**: The following interview took place immediately after SCP-9477 was taken into Foundation custody.

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Roselin:** Hello.

**SCP-9477:** Hello.

**Dr. Roselin:** …You're a glass of water.

**SCP-9477:** Yes, I am.

**Dr. Roselin:** Alright. Well, what's the first thing you can remember?

**SCP-9477:** Uh… earlier today, when I was poured out of that tap.

**Dr. Roselin:** Mkay. And why were you screaming?

**SCP-9477:** Well I had just been poured out of a tap, it wasn't a hugely fun experience.

**Dr. Roselin:** Touché.

**SCP-9477:** What happened to that woman who found me?

**Dr. Roselin:** She was given amnestics.

*[SCP-9477 motions in a way interpreted as being confusion]*

**Dr. Roselin:** We wiped her memory of you. Same with the neighbors and the constable who came ‘round.

**SCP-9477:** Oh. Why’d you do that?

**Dr. Roselin:** Well, talking water glasses aren’t particularly common…

**SCP-9477:** Touché

**Dr. Roselin:** …And it’s our job to make sure the unusual stays under wraps so people don’t freak out.

**SCP-9477:** Like she did?

**Dr. Roselin:** Like she did. So, since the Ethics Committee has decided I have to give you a briefing before you’re taken to containment: we are the SCP Foundation, it’s our job to keep the anomalous away from everyday society, we die in the dark so you can live in the light, blah blah blah. You’re gonna be kept in one of our secure facilities from now on and every now and then we’ll do tests to better understand you. Capiche?

**SCP-9477:** Uh… yeah, sounds good.

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:** SCP-9477 was taken to Site-12 where it was placed under observed custody. After determining the most effective means of containing it, it was moved to Anomalous Artifacts Ward C and stored in a standard-size artifact containment locker.

**Addendum 9477-1**

SCP-9477 requested for a means of entertainment or enrichment to be placed in its containment unit between testing, citing becoming “bored”. A liaison from the Ethics Committee determined this to be permissible, and SCP-9477 was given access to a small touchscreen tablet with standard limitations on internet access.

SCP-9477 proceeded to spend most of its time in between tests watching sports programming, as well as playing various video gamesSCP-9477 displayed a preference for games involving dextrous skill. It has expressed great interest in the sport of cycling, and has made a number of requests for access to broadcasts of professional cycling competitions and other related programming. All of these requests were deemed permissible and have been granted.

**Addendum 9477-2**

During testing, SCP-9477 requested to “ride a bike” which prompted researchers to provide it with a miniature wooden bicycle. SCP-9477 proceeded to ride around the testing chamber on its “bike” for ~45 minutes before returning to the scheduled test.

Following this, the research team requisitioned a custom-made miniature bicycle from a local manufacturer. The bicycle was then given to SCP-9477 during newly-introduced “enrichment time”A twice-weekly period of 25 minutes where SCP-9477 is allowed outside of its normal containment while under supervision, spent in a standard-size human containment chamber.

Researchers noted that SCP-9477 has become skilled with its bicycle, and is capable of extreme stamina. This is likely due to it possessing a different metabolism than the average humanTesting is inconclusive as to the mechanisms of SCP-9477’s metabolism.

**Addendum 9477-3**

Due to observing SCP-9477’s skill with its bicycle, Foundation researchers put in a request for a means for it to be able to ride a human-sized bicycle as a form of enrichment.

After reviewing the request, the Ethics Committee approved and provided a budget for the task, which the research team for SCP-9477 used to commission a realistic humanoid bodysuit for SCP-9477 to pilot, using a network of hydraulic tubes to allow ambulation. The bodysuit is 1.83 metres tall, weighs 71 Kg, and is designed to bear resemblance to an average British athlete. The bodysuit is also fit with a remote-controlled seal which prevents SCP-9477 from being able to leave the suit unless allowed to by a member of site staff.

SCP-9477 proceeded to spend the next week participating in daily exercises in order to become proficient using the bodysuit, as initially it struggled with fine motor functions. Eventually, it proceeded to using a full-size competition-grade road bicycle, provided by Dr. SkeltonDr. Skelton is an amateur cycling enthusiast. Using the bodysuit, SCP-9477 was able to vastly outperform the average human cyclist in both speed and endurance.

Due to SCP-9477’s proficiency with cycling, it was allowedOnly permitted after a vote taken by Site-12 command (8 Yea, 4 Nay) (with strict Foundation oversight) to participate in local competitions under the pseudonym Rayne BayouThe Foundation subsequently constructed a cover story and fabricated legal documents in order to divert suspicion, in which it performed extremely well - winning twelve and coming in the top-3 of the remaining four. On account of this, SCP-9477 undertook a more rigorous training schedule and was allowed to access the site exercise yard once daily under supervision (given there are no tests scheduled). It was also permitted a weekly supervised outing to perform in long-distance endurance rides.

**Addendum 9477-4**

After 8 months of training, SCP-9477 entered into the Tour de France race in a Foundation-run cycling team alongside seven other Foundation cyclists. The team was officially selected by the ASOAmaury Sport Organisation as a ‘wildcard’ team, under the name ‘The Super Cycling People’. In the lead-up to the beginning of the Tour de France, testing was halted to allow SCP-9477 to train.

During the course of the tournament, non-critical testing was paused at 14 different secure facilities, and Foundation staff were permitted to use the time to watch the official broadcast of the Tour de France.

During the course of the race, SCP-9477 was able to place first in 18 of the 21 stages, placing second in the 4th and 9th stage, and third in the 6th stage. Due to this performance, which BBC reporter Simon Brotherton described as “phenomenal”, SCP-9477 placed first overall in the Tour de France. The total prize of €‎50,000 was deposited into the Foundation treasury, with €‎2,000 put aside to fund the equipment for the Super Cycling People team.

Following its victory at the Tour de France, SCP-9477 has returned to standard testing alongside cycling training, with the number of permitted outings increased to twice weekly.

<< [SCP-9476](SCP-9476) | SCP-9477 | [SCP-9478](SCP-9478) >>

> **Filename:** water-glass.jpg

> **Author:** Peter Griffin

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.publicdomainpictures.net/en/view-image.php?image=26361&picture=water-glass

> **Filename:** DAVIS_Kayla_-_Saint-Fortunat-sur-Eyrieux_-_TCFIA_2024_stage_1.jpg

> **Author:** Kakoula10

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:DAVIS_Kayla_-_Saint-Fortunat-sur-Eyrieux_-_TCFIA_2024_stage_1.jpg

> **Filename:** 7e_étape_Tour_de_France_Femmes_2025_-_Arrivée_Maëva_Squiban_3.JPG

> **Author:** Florian Pépellin

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:7e_%C3%A9tape_Tour_de_France_Femmes_2025_-_Arriv%C3%A9e_Ma%C3%ABva_Squiban_3.JPG
