**Item #:** SCP-9406

**Object Class:** ~~Keter~~ Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9406-1 is currently contained at Site-██ in the Humanoid Containment Wing.

SCP-9406-1 is to be contained in a 10x10x10 meters room, furnished with Class 4 amenities, with rounded corners and minimal straight lines. Any other amenity requests by personnel or SCP-9406-1 are to be reviewed and approved by the Lead Researcher for SCP-9406 (currently Dr. Lacan). The room in itself must have walls that connect to the ground in a smooth curve, mitigating SCP-9406 from triggering.

Any contact with SCP-9406-1 must be reviewed and accepted by at least two Level 4 Researchers. The only authorized personnel for such contact are Level 3 or above Researchers, who must previously have been briefed on SCP-9406.

Every wall of the containment must have a white Light-Emitting Diode capable of producing concentrated light flashes of, at minimum, 200,000 candelas in case of the SCP perceiving a geometric shape.

Refer to SCP-9406-1's latest Medical Log for any new information.

**Description:** SCP-9406 is the designation of the anomaly affecting SCP-9406-1.

SCP-9406-1 is a Caucasian male, formerly named Albert Carrel. At the time of this report, it is 34 years old, 1.91 meters tall and weighs approximately 89 kg. SCP-9406-1 has brown short hair and green eyes. SCP-9406-1 knows English, but prefers talking in French.

SCP-9406 manifests when SCP-9406-1 visually and consciously perceives one or multiple shapesFor example, if the shape is in the corner of its view and it doesn't notice it, it won't create any effect.. When it does, the anomalous reaction linked to the shape manifests in a certain radius.

This radius, called SCP-9406-2, is a sphere, with the center being SCP-9406-1. SCP-9406-2's size seems to be based on the size of the shape that SCP-9406-1 perceived.

The following are the shapes currently known by the FoundationNote that there could be more that have yet to be discovered. and their corresponding effects when viewed by SCP-9406-1:

| Associated Shape | Designation | Effect(s) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Circle | SCP-9406-A | A specific ongoing process in SCP-9406-2 is abruptly stopped (processes include, but are not limited to: conversations, thinking, walking, or mechanical processes like motors or gears turning). The process will be stopped for as little as 11 seconds and as long as 2 hours and 16 seconds. |
| Rectangles | SCP-9406-B | A specific object or phenomena in SCP-9406-2 is now bound by a new random rule, tied to the environment in SCP-9406-2. For example, in a forest, it could add "Everyone must walk on leaves", or in a Site's corridor, it could add "Anyone walking past a door must have previously opened it". Rules created by SCP-9406-1 cannot be broken and last forever in the affected area. |
| Triangle | SCP-9406-C | An existing pattern or sequence in SCP-9406-2 is forced to rapidly and exponentially expand or accelerate. This could lead to tiny cracks on a wall becoming a crevasse, or a tiny electrical output becoming a lightning bolt. This effect lasts around 1 minute. |
| Rhombus | SCP-9406-D | For a brief period, the intended purpose of an object in SCP-9406-2 is inverted. For example, a chair might be uncomfortable to sit upon, but very comfortable to stand on, or a ceiling might let rain and light go through it while still being opaque. This usually lasts around 1 minute. |
| Five-Pointed Star | SCP-9406-E | All individuals within SCP-9406-2 temporarily share a unified consciousness, like thoughts and emotions, in a single, unstopped stream. This usually lasts around 20 seconds. |
| Four-Pointed Star | SCP-9406-F | A random object or concept in SCP-9406-2 is temporarily split in two different states. For example, a room's temperature could be split in "cold" and "hot", making anyone inside feel both, or a door could become opened and closed at the same time. This is, of course, normally impossible, and as such often results to the creation of a cognitohazard. This usually lasts around 30 seconds. |
| Oval | SCP-9406-G | A random event or process in SCP-9406-2 is stretched, causing it to take far longer to finish than it would normally. For example, a quick discussion could turn into a three hours talk, or a door that should open in a few seconds could take days to be opened. The effect lasts until the stretched event or process is finished. |
| Arrow | SCP-9406-H | Any moving objects and individual in SCP-9406-2 suddenly start moving in the same direction as the perceived arrow is pointing. The effect usually lasts 1 minute. |
| SpiralHas been tested with one, two and four branches spirals. Square-shaped spirals also seem to trigger this effect. | SCP-9406-I | A gravitational event manifests in SCP-9406-2: gravity seems to "turn", at around 1 degree per second. The axis of rotation depends on the axis of the spiral SCP-9406-1 perceived. This effect lasts exactly 6 minutes. If someone leaves the affected area before the end, their gravity will be changed forever. |
 _

**Addendum 9406-A: Obtainment of SCP-9406**

SCP-9406-1 was found in October of 2022, in the city of Nice, France, after a lot of bizarre events occurred in the same city in a single night. Reports included the stop of every vehicles on a road segment in the night, caused by SCP-9406-1 after it looked at the moon, triggering SCP-9406-A; then the locking of every doors, that could only be opened when reciting the entire Notice of the vehicle, caused by SCP-9406-1 when it looked at a car's window after the sudden stop of all the cars around it, triggering SCP-9406-B; and finally the lights that suddenly stopped producing light, caused by SCP-9406-1 seeing the logo of a car brand, including a rhombus, triggering SCP-9406-D, making every light in the area instead reduce the amount of light in front of them.

SCP-9406-1 was then captured without incidents. Since then, SCP-9406-1 has been very cooperative with the Foundation, only protesting when researchers wanted to test SCP-9406-E, due to the distress it causes.

 _

**Interview Log 9406-A:**

**Interviewer:** Lead Researcher Dr. Lacan

**Interviewee:** SCP-9406-1

**Foreword:** This Interview took place 6 hours after SCP-9406-1 was captured.

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Lacan:** Hello, SCP-9406-1.

*[SCP-9406-1 doesn't seem to have heard Dr. Lacan.]*

**Dr. Lacan:** SCP-9406-1? Can you hear me?

**SCP-9406-1:** *[SCP-9406-1's head shoots up.]* Wha- Ohh... You... uh... you were talking to me?

**Dr. Lacan:** No worries. I'm only here to ask you some questions about your... *particular* ability.

**SCP-9406-1:** Oh... Well, I... I understood you weren't classic police, with your guys grabbing me out of nowhere and putting me in a... cell. Okay, so... *[SCP-9406-1 pauses for 5 seconds.]* I started having this weird... *thing*... around 5 days before you got me. You know, I... I really liked drawing in my spare time, but whenever I drew some... basic things, my eyes started hurting a little.

**Dr. Lacan:** Was this the only effect that manifested when looking at shapes?

**SCP-9406-1:** For the four next days... I'd say it was... But it started hurting more and more as days went on... On the day you captured me, my eyes had started... er... hurting *a bit* too much. So, I decided to go outside for a small break. A bit of... fresh air, you know? And that's when hell broke loose.

**Dr. Lacan:** I see... Do you have any ideas what could have caused you to get those properties?

**SCP-9406-1:** Uuh, not at all. It was just a... normal day. Worked, drew, slept. Not much of an exciting life... Well except the drawing part, heh...

**Dr. Lacan:** Very well. Thank you for your cooperation. We will work on our side to make your stay here as pleasant as we can.

**<End Log>**

 _

**Test Log 9406-A:**

**Goal:** To determine what triggers SCP-9406.

| Shape Shown | Effect(s) | Note |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Square | To open the testing chamber's door, subjects had to say "Open Sesame" out loud. A keycard wasn't needed anymore. | -B's effects seem to be able to change multiple things at the same time, like here, where it changed how the door and the keycard reader worked. *- Dr. Lacan* |
| Square with small rounded corners | Anyone around walls had to put their hand on the closest wall when moving. | We are currently trying to see if changing the shapes by distorting them could negate the effects. Maybe this one wasn't distorted enough? *- Dr. Lacan* |
| Same as before, more rounded corners | = None | As I hypothesized, heavily distorted shapes do not trigger SCP-9406. *- Dr. Lacan* |
| Square with curved sides | = None | We had to try this one multiple times, as having the sides too curved triggered -A, and if they weren't curved enough it triggered -B. *- Dr. Lacan* |
 _

**Addendum 9406-B: Project Sermau:**

After 17 days of being in Foundation custody, SCP-9406-1 is starting to show some mental weaknesses. As such, I, Dr. Lacan, have started Project Sermau to prevent it from becoming uncooperative. The goal is as follows:

**1.** Find a language that doesn't require any shape to be written and understood.

**2.** If no language has been found, create a new writing system ourselves, without any shapes that could trigger SCP-9406.

Here is a list of languages/writing systems that **cannot** be used for Project Sermau:

* Any language using the Roman Alphabet: multiple letters contain a circle (o), oval (a) or spiral (s) in them.

* Chinese: multiple symbols like the ones for "moon" (月), "stone" (石) or "room" (间) contain one or multiple rectangles.

* Japanese: multiple symbols like the ones for "su" (す), "nu" (ぬ) or "ro" (ロ) contain rectangles, circles or ovals.

* Korean: multiple symbols like the ones for "milk" (우유), "m" (ㅁ) or "b" (ㅂ) contain one or multiple rectangles or circles.

 _

**Incident Log 9406-A:**

On November of 2022, during the weekly interview between SCP-9406-1 and Dr. Lacan, SCP-9406-1 inadvertently looked at the interviewer's face, triggering SCP-9406-A, -B, -C and -G at the same time. -B made the two people in the room unable to sit up unless they held each other's hand, -A stopped the light from generating any light, -C made any soundwave grow in volume the more they went through the air, and -G stretched the time it took for SCP-9406-1 to close its eyes, instead taking 174 minutes to close them.

After -A's effects were discovered and both Dr. Lacan and SCP-9406-1 finally stood up, site security quickly arrived and escorted SCP-9406-1 back to its containment chamber, only for it to see an arrow on the floor pointing forward, making all of the guard walk in the same direction for 1 minute, eventually hitting the wall in front of them. 

While walking into the wall, SCP-9406-1 looked up and saw a rhombus on a guard's uniform. This shape triggered SCP-9406-D, making everyone able to walk through closed doors and unable to go through opened doors, leading to a minor breach. SCP-9406-1 was then blindfolded and taken back to its containment chamber, and the aforementioned breach got resolved simply by inverting the doors' system (having them opened at all time and closing them when someone wants to go through).

 _

**Note from Lead Researcher Dr. Lacan:**

 *Though it probably did not make any of this on purpose, it still constitutes a great security risk. As such, all further Interviews will be via microphones, despite the damage it may cause to SCP-9406-1's mental state.*

 _

**Interview Log 9406-B:**

**Interviewer:** Lead Researcher Dr. Lacan

**Interviewee:** SCP-9406-1

**Foreword:** This Interview took place the day after Incident 9406-A, with SCP-9406-1 still in its chamber, talking by microphone to Dr. Lacan.

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Lacan:** Hello again, SCP-9406-1.

**SCP-9406-1:** Hello...

**Dr. Lacan:** You don't seem really happy to see me.

*[SCP-9406-1 sighs]*

**SCP-9406-1:** Well... seeing all the things I did yesterday, I... I can't really be happy about anything. With all the problems I caused...

**Dr. Lacan:** Hmm, let's say it could have been worse.

**SCP-9406-1:** And now, I can't even talk to you in person? It's just... quite a lot.

**Dr. Lacan:** At least I hope you understand why we put measures like this. It's to prevent the exact problems that happened yesterday.

**SCP-9406-1:** I see... I guess I should be thankful?

**Dr. Lacan:** Moving on. I came here to ask about how you felt in the Foundation.

**SCP-9406-1:** What do you mean by that?

**Dr. Lacan:** Well, we need to know how you feel, to then give you a better stay here.

**SCP-9406-1:** Well... Even if I didn't live here, it wouldn't be good for me, right? Like, at least here I can... walk around, look around my room, sleep knowing I haven't caused *too* much problems, all that... If I instead lived outside, I would need to be... blindfolded to do anything, and being blind for the rest of my life... isn't really something I wanna do.

**Dr. Lacan:** Do you have any goals then? Anything you'd really want?

**SCP-9406-1:** Er... *[SCP-9406-1 pauses for a few seconds.]* Well, what I'd like the most would be being able to draw again. Drawing... drawing really was what anchored me in the world before you... captured me... and before all the weird things happened. I... I could draw hours on end and still feel rested at the end of the day... But now... now I can't really. That... was probably the things I loved the most, so... not being able to do it is rough. Can't do anything about it anyways, right?

**Dr. Lacan:** That is, sadly, exact. Drawing is, and will probably forever be, something that you cannot do without triggering SCP-9406.

**SCP-9406-1:** It was more of a rhetorical question... Anyways, that's why I'm really excited about that... "Project" you talked about. Reading will *at least* allow me to do something else other than think about my past life... or about all the things I've done here.

**<End Log>**

**Note from Lead Researcher Dr. Lacan:**

 *I'd suggest trying to speed up Project Sermau, but being one of the researchers assigned to it, I know we are already overworking ourselves, as we rarely have time to work on it. I simply hope SCP-9406-1 can hold until there.*

 _

**Incident Log 9406-B:**

Five days after Incident 9406-A, when giving SCP-9406-1 its meal, Junior Researcher L████ also gave it utensils, once again triggering SCP-9406. The following is the camera footage recovered from one of the cameras in SCP-9406-1's cell:

**<Begin Log>**

**<12:01:05>** *[The door to the cell opens, Dr. L████ entering the cell.]*

**<12:01:12>** *[SCP-9406-1 looks at the plate, triggering -A.]]*

**<12:01:20>** *[Dr. L████ drops dead. It is later confirmed that -A stopped Dr. L████'s heart. SCP-9406-1's eyes widen while it slowly walks to the wall at the opposite side of the door.]]*

**<12:01:26>** *[Tears can be seen pouring from SCP-9406-1's eyes.]*

**<12:01:35>** *[SCP-9406-1 notices a knife that fell from the plate. SCP-9406-1 approaches it.]*

**<12:01:45>** *[After taking the knife, SCP-9406-1 looks at it, triggering -C. It is later confirmed that it massively enlarged a spider web outside its containment cell.]*

**<12:02:03>** *[SCP-9406-1 slowly aligns the knife to put it towards its right eye. SCP-9406-1 can be seen shaking.]*

**<12:02:31>** *[Dr. Lacan enters the room with three security agents behind him.]*

**<Dr. Lacan (12:02:35)>** SCP-9406-1, please lower this knife.

**<12:02:38>** *[SCP-9406-1 doesn't seem to answer, instead lowering its eyes, preventing itself from looking towards Dr. Lacan]*

**<Dr. Lacan (12:02:42)>** Please, SCP-9406-1. We are not entirely sure why you want to do *this*, bu-

**<SCP-9406-1 (12:02:56)>** You really... don't understand why? Why I'd pierce my eye? Why I'd risk killing myself? Just look on the ground in front of you. It's a human being. Someone that was doing their job. And they are dead now. Because of me. Because of this... *thing* that I have and that I didn't ask for. Is THAT enough of a reason?

**<Dr. Lacan (12:03:26)>** While I do understand your motive, it still isn't a solution. Do you really think the only way to redeem yourself from killing someone is hurting yourself?

**<SCP-9406-1 (12:03:39)>** So you *didn't* understand what I just said. I don't want do *redeem* myself. I... I just don't want... to have this thing anymore. It just seems childish, or even "normal", but... I ju-... I just don't want to kill anyone. And I just did. I thought I could have that *thing* in me and still live a life I'm somewhat proud of. But this is the event I specifically didn't want to happen because of me. I... I just can't. I can't take it anymore.

**<12:04:21>** *[As SCP-9406-1 was tightening its grip on the knife still in its hands, one of the three security agents fired a sleeping dart, while another one quickly grabbed the knife.]*

 _

**Note from Lead Researcher Dr. Lacan:**

//This incident should serve as example of why we don't send Junior Researchers to new and dangerous SCPs. I updated SCP-9406's file to only allow personnel at or above Clearance Level 3. Only later did I find out that L████ was sent by the Agent that was supposed to feed SCP-9406-1, because "they felt that this would be valuable experience for Dr. L████".

We should also note that SCP-9406-1's mental state is rapidly deteriorating. Despite all of this, Project Sermau is finally almost finished. It should hopefully improve its mental state.//

 _

**Incident Log 9406-C:**

Two days after Project Sermau had finished and SCP-9406-1 had started taking classes to learn the new language, SCP-9406-1 got its first book. However, the paper was too thin, and caused the letters at the front and the back to merge. This created multiple shapes, triggering multiple times SCP-9406. In those shapes, 3 circles, 2 triangle, 2 spirals, 2 rhombuses and 1 square were created and perceived by SCP-9406-1. The following is the camera footage recovered from cameras around the Site:

**<Begin Log>**

**<17:26:08>** *[SCP-9406-1 looks at the pages, triggering SCP-9406 multiple times.]*

**<17:26:13>** *[SCP-9406-1 notices it, and runs to the door while the walls are shaking, gravity is spinning and light gets divided between light and darkness. As the room crumbles, the door bends forward, up until breaking and being sent outwards. SCP-9406-1 gets out of its containment chamber this way.]*

**<17:26:29>** *[After waiting 8 seconds outside of its cell, SCP-9406-1 looks around and runs into a corridor, towards the Site's exit.]*

**<17:26:42>** *[Site security finally arrive at SCP-9406-1 location, but are stopped by SCP-9406-1 making shapes with its hands. It first does a circle, triggering -A, stopping anyone around it from walking or running. Then, it does a rhombus, triggering -D, making bullets heal wound instead of penetrating skin. This allows SCP-9406-1 to continue running while another security team is arriving.]*

**<17:26:59>** *[As SCP-9406-1 arrives at the checkpoint to get out of Heavy Containment, the reinforcements arrive, but SCP-9406-1 again creates shapes with its hands, the first one being an oval, triggering -G, making firing a gun around 20 times slower, then doing a triangle, amplifying any vibration to the extreme.]*

**<17:27:05>** *[Dr. Lacan arrives too while the site's security agents are still trying to fire their guns. Most of the agents have their ears covered in blood as any sound destroys their eardrums.]*

**<Dr. Lacan (17:27:07)>** *[Dr. Lacan is trying to talk above the many sounds in the room.]* **SCP-9406-1! Please stop whatever you are doing right now!**

**<SCP-9406-1 (17:27:16)>** **And why... why should I? I just want...** I just want to be free... **Am I asking too much??**

**<Dr. Lacan (17:27:24)>** Wha- **Of course you are! We are trying to keep you out of the public's eye! Please... At least get back here!**

**<17:27:32>** *[Cracks are seen forming on the walls.]*

**<Dr. Lacan (17:27:48)>** **Get back here! You're gonna get crushed if you stay there!**

**<SCP-9406-1 (17:27:24)>** **And what makes you think I don't want that? I can't bear this any longer... This curse... It's just...** too much for me... **Do you know how hard it is to not even be able to look at myself, or anyone for that matter? Do you know how hard it is to not be able to do what I loved before? Do even know...** Do you even know what it is to have a "before"? I ju-

**<17:28:09>** *[The room's ceiling falls, crushing SCP-9406-1 and five other security agents.]*

 _

**Medical Log 9406-A:**

After Incident 9406-C, SCP-9406-1 was found, still alive, even after almost half of its body was crushed by heavy concrete blocks. Below is a list of its injuries and overall medical problems:

* Complete loss of its right forearm, and partial loss of control over its right shoulder;

* Complete loss of control over its right leg, and its patella, tibia and fibula are broken;

* Severe auditory loss;

* Complete loss of taste and smell;

* Partial visual loss for its right eye;

* Severe nerve damage, inflicting pain for any kind of movement;

* Falls asleep around every 2 hours, going up to 5 hours and 56 minutes, and down to 31 minutes.

As such, SCP-9406-1 must be sustained through IV. This also means SCP-9406-1 cannot move, so any interviews must be done inside of its chamber. The personnel inside its chamber must write down the time when SCP-9406-1 falls asleep, and checks must be done if 3 hours of sleep are exceeded.

 _

**Interview Log 9406-C:**

**Interviewer:** Lead Researcher Dr. Lacan

**Interviewee:** SCP-9406-1

**Foreword:** This Interview took place 8 days after Incident 9406-C, and was the first Interview since the Incident. During the whole Interview, SCP-9406-1 was looking at the ceiling.

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Lacan:** Hello SCP-9406-1.

**SCP-9406-1:** Hello Doc.

**Dr. Lacan:** Seems like you've gotten a bit more talkative since last time.

**SCP-9406-1:** Yeah. I've just... gotten to peace with myself.

**Dr. Lacan:** Oh really?

**SCP-9406-1:** Well, I've just been thinking since the last *incident*... and I found that... trying to hope that something will change in me and that this curse will be lifted somehow is just futile. The only thing I can really do is... accepting it.

**Dr. Lacan:** So you're saying you are accepting your current condition?

**SCP-9406-1:** It's a peculiar one, but yeah, I do. What can I do anyways? I can't get out of this bed without my entire body screaming in pain, half of my body is already destroyed, and I still have this *thing*. All I can do is to just... embrace what I currently have.

**Dr. Lacan:** About that, I may have a little surprise...

**<End Log>**

 _

**Addendum 9406-C: End of Project Sermau:**

I, Lead Researcher Lacan, officially and happily say that Project Sermau is finished, as the team created to make a new writing system has finally created one without any shape that could trigger SCP-9406, as the last one also had imperfections, other than having the paper too thin.

After nearly three weeks of teaching, SCP-9406-1 has learned to easily and fluently read this new writing system.

Below is a transcript of SCP-9406-1's first writing with it:

 _

 _

 _

<< [SCP-9405](SCP-9405) | SCP-9406 | [SCP-9407](SCP-9407) >>
