**Item #:** SCP-9573

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9573 is to be stored in a 5 x 5 x 5 hollow concrete cube. All personnel testing with SCP-9537 are to receive clearance from one (1) security level 3 personnel. Once every week, one (1) D-class personnel is to inspect The Object for any damages in the containment cell. If any damages are found, SCP-9537 is to be transported out of the containment cell for proper maintenance. In the event of a containment breach, all doors to SCP-9537's cell are to be locked.

**Description:** SCP-9573 is a common urn, with gold highlights and a red substance coating the inside. Slight cracks are present at the bottom of the vase, yet any attempts to repair these cracks will result in different cracks appearing at a different part of the object. The lid of SCP-9537 has various floral patterns.

Upon lifting the lid off of the urn, the subject will hear a voice claiming to be their grandmother    Despite multiple subjects claiming to never have a grandmother.  (Which is dubbed SCP-9573-1). SCP-9573-1 will then offer to act as the subject’s parental guardian in exchange for freedom. If the subject accepts this deal, then SCP-9573-1 will materialize.

SCP-9573-1 appears as an old woman (Estimated to be between 70-80), with no discernible anomalous characteristics, save for the fact SCP-9573-1 has 1 inch claws. SCP-9573-1 will then thank the subject, claiming to have been “Trapped for 100 years.” After this, a Lyeas Event will occur.

Lyeas Events occur in 4-5 stages. During these stages, SCP-9573-1 will become more and more aggressive, until the subject has been terminated, or killed by SCP-9573-1 .

**Adendum-9573**

A comprehensive list of all stages associated with SCP-9573

| Stage 1, (1-4 hours after exposure) | SCP-9573-1 will encourage the subject to do various tasks, including knitting, puzzle creation, and cooking. |
| --- | --- |
| Stage 2 (4-24 hours after exposure) | SCP-9573-1 will then encourage the subject to learn any physical activity. |
| Stage 3 (24-48 hours after exposure.) | SCP-9573-1 will claim the need to attack any and all security forces. Most test subjects are shot before any violence can occur. |
| Stage 4 (48 hours after exposure) | SCP-9573-1 will begin to attack the subject, using her claws. Once the subject is dead, SCP-9573-1 will dematerialize. |
