====

====

.email {background-color: #FFFFFF; color: #333333; border: solid 2px #BBBBBB; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 1px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

**Item #:** SCP-9669

###996690|**Level 3/9669**##

**Object Class:** Safe

###996690|**Classified**##

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9669-2 through -5 are kept in a standard secure storage locker in Room 08 of Site-81's Transplanar Research Sector.

Routine usage of SCP-9669 for diplomatic and research purposes is to be carried out under supervision of the current acting lead of Site-81's Transplanar Research Sector.

Foundation communications monitoring teams are to consider potential leads to the whereabouts of SCP-9669-6 a high priority.

**Update 8/25/2025:** Remaining instances of SCP-9669 have been confiscated following Incident 9669-82225. Standard diplomatic and research activities are on hold. Access is restricted without direct appointment by the Incident 9669-82225 Investigatory Committee.

**Description:** SCP-9669 denotes 6 identical pairs of cosmetic novelty glasses, designated SCP-9669-1 through -6. Instances of SCP-9669 have lenses with a variable but highly saturated tint. 

A small slider is present on the left temple of each instance of SCP-9669. When a subject wearing an instance of SCP-9669 adjusts the slider, the subject will exit local reality, coinciding with a shift in the hue of the lenses. This causes the subject to appear to instantaneously physically demanifest.

Subjects who exit local reality via SCP-9669 appear instantaneously in another reality corresponding to the hue of the object's lenses. Manifestation exerts a retrocausal effect which leads the immediate surrounding topography of the destination to have a near-identical layout to that of the subject's location in their previous reality. Relative location of the subject remains consistent between realities.

If multiple subjects wearing SCP-9669 are present in the immediate vicinity of one another when a change in local reality occurs, all subjects are transported simultaneously.

A total of 6 accessible realities have been observed through SCP-9669:

| **Designation** | **Corresponding Hue** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| [PR-D2](competitive-eschatology-hub) | Red | Numerous anomalous entities, especially those with noted religious or cultural significance, have had their anomalous capabilities drastically amplified by unknown means. Human civilization significantly disrupted. |
| [PR-D1](daybreak) | Orange | A reality-altering event has caused direct exposure to light from PR-D1's Sun to exert a liquefying property on organic life. Affected subjects retain limited sapience and attempt to expose other subjects to sunlight. Human civilization completely defunct. |
| [PR-A2](aces-and-eights) | Yellow | Reality is temporally displaced 158 years in the past, but notable modern-day figures and entities that are involved with the anomalous, or are anomalies themselves, have recognizable counterparts. |
| [PR-A1](broken-masquerade-hub) | Green | An incident resulting in the complete spatial displacement of North Korea has led to the anomalous becoming widely known to the general public. Anomalous organizations continue operation publicly. |
| PR-Prime | Blue | Local reality. |
| [PR-D3](end-of-death-hub) | Violet | Reality has suffered a ΩK-Class ("End-of-Death") Scenario. Living animals in PR-D3 are unable to die by any known means. |
SCP-9669-2 through -6 were received in a plastic case following [DATA EXPUNGED] on 02/08/2025.

**Recovered Materials:** Since the acquiring of SCP-9669, contact has been made with variations of the SCP Foundation in PR-A2 and PR-D3. To mutually further research and aid in positive diplomatic relations, low-security documentation has been gradually shared between all three parties.

Documents received in this way have included the files of [SCP-173](SCP-173), [SCP-2991](SCP-2991), and [SCP-3425](SCP-3425) for comparison between versions in all 3 applicable realities as well as low-clearance internal reports and memos. As of writing, 2 pieces of recovered documentation have corresponded exactly to documentation acquired from [SCP-1437](SCP-1437). These documents respectively regard SCP-173 and SCP-3425. See Document 9669-Recovery-Comparison for further details.

Several additional files without known counterparts have been acquired through mutual agreement from PR-A1 and PR-D3 or manual recovery from PR-D2, PR-D1, and PR-A2. A full database of recovered and exchanged files is available upon request from the current acting supervisor of the SCP-9669 project.

Notable excerpts are included below.

**Document:** Excerpt from Extended Experiment Log [3984](scp-3984)-D3

**Origin:** Provided by Foundation of PR-D3

---

 **Experiment Log 01**

**Date:** 2020-09-14

**Experimenter:** Dr. Emily Young

**Subject:** D-1190

**Procedure:** D-1190 was asphyxiated by manual strangulation from D-9981.

**Results:** D-1190 struggled initially but stopped resisting after several minutes of strangulation. D-9981 was told to maintain grip for a further ten minutes. D-1190 recovered shortly afterwards with no lasting damage.

 **Experiment Log 06**

**Date:** 2020-09-26

**Experimenter:** Dr. Emily Young

**Subject:** D-1377

**Procedure:** D-1377 was restrained on an operating table. Subject's heart was surgically removed.

**Results:** D-1377 expressed distress throughout the procedure until incapacitation following the severing of the superior venae cavae. Subject became largely unresponsive but remained conscious.

After 24 hours, D-1377's heart was implanted back into the subject's body. Subject remained in a vegetative state for over a month. Subject has displayed decreased motor functions and recurring heart palpitations and has made no further recovery since.

 **Experiment Log 16**

**Date:** 2023-12-07

**Experimenter:** Dr. Emily Young

**Subject:** D-8028

**Foreword:** Through a joint effort between several thaumaturgical, psionic, and eigenweapons research departments, a tool designated Prototype-Omega-532 was developed. Its intended function is to cease and permanently prevent neurological activity in any entity it is fired upon. It is designed to counteract or circumvent over 3000 known forms of anomalous protections.

**Procedure:** Prototype-Omega-532 was fired upon D-8028. The projection of effect passed directly through D-8028's cranium.

**Results:** Prototype-Omega-532 was found to have no effect.

**Notes:** Object has been placed into long-term low-risk anomalous storage. Project has been deemed a failure.

**Document:** LoI-9831-D2

**Origin:** Unknown Foundation installation approximately 60 miles south of Bauru, Brazil, PR-D2

---

**Designation:** Location of Interest - 9831

**Description:** Location is a large stone pyramid located near Bauru, Brazil. LoI-9831 was not documented prior to 1997, when it received an abrupt influx of attention.

LoI-9831 is constructed from cut limestone and displays great but indeterminate age. Its architecture doesn't clearly match any known indigenous culture of the region, and it bears no engravings or distinct markings on any surface, with the sole exception of LoI-9831-A.

No known references to LoI-9831 exist in historical record. Further assessment pending.

LoI-9831-A is a stone tablet approximately 0.75 meters in length. It is entirely indistinct save for the engraving in modern English, "Humanity's undoer will come. The key will turn."

**Actions Taken:** Site-505 has been established a short distance from LoI-9831. The location's perimeter has been secured and fenced off under the guise of an archeological site.

**Addendum 9831-Patmos:** 

**Reported Activity:** A large, cloaked figure emerged at the top of LoI-9831.

Site-505 has been evacuated.

No further activity has been reported. Awaiting further instruction.

---

**Notes:** The described location of interest has been confirmed to exist in baseline reality. Location has been secured and tentatively designated LoI-9831. No apparent anomalous properties have been recorded.

**Addendum 9669.822:**

### Foreword

---

The following records have been deemed relevant to this document due to the involvement of corresponding persons in Incident 9669-82225. Files awaiting update pending committee review of Incident 9669-82225.

@@ @@

**Designation:** PoI-8765

**Name:** Alexander J. Swath

**Date of Birth:** 04/30/1989

**Sex:** Male

**Ethnicity:** African American

**Eyes:** Green

**Height:** 6'5''

**Weight:** 256 lbs

**Anomalous Traits:** PoI-8765 possesses the ability to spatially displace small objects to and from any location in a range of approximately 12 meters. Direct observation of the object or its intended destination by a human subject other than PoI-8765 itself entirely prevents this effect from occuring. PoI-8765 has a background as a street magician and has been known in the past to utilize common sleight of hand tricks in conjunction with these anomalous properties. Due to PoI-8765's cooperative nature and the presence of adequate security measures within Site-81, these properties are deemed to be of minimal immediate security risk.

**Confrontation Procedure:** Not applicable.

**Relations:** PoI-8765 is considered tentative personnel and has been generally amicable and cooperative with Foundation efforts. PoI-8765 has willingly surrendered 13 anomalous objects to Foundation custody and routinely performs contracted research and containment aid. Subject has repeatedly denied full-time employment.

PoI-8765 currently lives on-site at Site-81. Subject's primary duties are Extraplanar Research and negotiations with sapient SCP objects.

**Name:** Dr. Ross Tolmony

**Date of Birth:** 07/17/1998

**Sex:** Male

**Ethnicity:** Caucasian

**Eyes:** Green

**Height:** 5'11''

**Weight:** 193 lbs

**Current Assignments:**

-SCP-9669 (Assistant Researcher)

**Additional Notes:** Subject possesses an anomalous marking across the greater portion of her chest, acquired after Incident 81-91724. Marking was initially observed to be a scar formed in a geometrically perfect circle. Since 9/30/2024, marking has developed into a hole directly through her chest. A smooth, black surface prevents observation of subject's internals, save for the skeletal structure, which is plainly visible and apparently uninterrupted. Dr. Tolmony's biological functions proceed as normal despite the apparent obstruction, and bisected tissue appears entirely unharmed when viewed at an angle not obstructed by the area of the initial marking.

Subject's expressed gender identity is opposite that assigned at birth.

**Disciplinary Record:**

-9/18/2024: Reprimand for failure to obey standard evacuation procedure during Incident 81-91724; Suspension of assignment as containment lead of SCP-████

-7/14/2025: Reprimand for inappropriate conduct after entering PoI-8765's personal quarters uninvited; no further action taken

-8/22/2025: Investigation into subject's involvement in Incident 9669-82225 ongoing; disciplinary measures pending committee review

**Designation:** PoI-0000

**Name:** 'Nobody' (Alias)

**Date of Birth:** Unknown

**Sex:** Male

**Ethnicity:** Caucasian

**Eyes:** Unknown

**Height:** 5'8'' (approx.)

**Weight:** Unknown

**Anomalous Traits:** PoI-0000 is known to possess latent anti-memetic properties. Subject is suspected to have further undocumented properties.

**Confrontation Procedure:** PoI-0000 is to be apprehended on sight. Response in case of indirect action or communication is at the discretion of the acting supervisor of the PoI-0000 Committee.

**Relations:** Actions taken by PoI-0000 are wildly varying and appear personal in nature. See full documentation.

@@ @@

On 08/22/2025, SCP-9669-2 was reported missing from its secure storage locker outside of testing hours. Review of security footage suggests Dr. Tolmony retrieved the item at 21:28 the previous day, upon which she is presumed to have applied the anomaly and exited local reality.

Investigation into the motivation of the theft is ongoing.

Relevant documents are provided below. A full summary is currently pending a consensus statement from the Incident 9669-82225 Investigatory Committee.

### Foundation Tip Line Submission

**Date of Submission:** 7/14/2025

**Submitted by:** Dr. Ross Tolmony

**Reason:** Potential theft of anomaly, Potential threat to security

**Relevant Persons:** PoI-8765

**Relevant Anomalies:** SCP-9669

---

I have reason to suspect Alexander is plotting the theft of an anomaly. I passed him in the hall in Transplanar Research, and he dropped a sticky note from the inside of his coat. I glanced it when I picked it up to hand it back to him, and it mentioned finding out if Dr. Mesmur still worked at Site-76 in PR-D3. 

I thought it might've been something to do with our research that he was planning to bring up to us, but he never ended up saying anything. If it was related, it's not something I have the clearance to hear about, since we only have a couple brief mentions of her in our records. I mentioned it to my supervisor in case he was keeping personal notes containing classified data as per information protocol, but I was just brushed off.

The week after, I saw him quietly exit the breakroom, but didn't see him enter when I'd been waiting outside on a coworker to get a report back to me for nearly an hour. I had a weird feeling about him, and I ended up stopping by his personal quarters after hours one night, now I'll accept reprimand for invasion of privacy, but I just felt I

Okay, I don't have a good excuse for snooping, but I did find something. It was an elaborate write-up with multiple crudely drawn maps detailing some plan. As far as I could tell, everything was written in codewords, but there were clear parallels to our research, especially with several realities 9669 accesses having equivalents. Several files from the SCP-9669 project were kept with it, ranging from recovered SCP documentation to memos to a list of recalled Wondertainment products from A1.

---

**Notes:** Dr. Tolmony was reprimanded for inappropriate conduct following the review of this tip. On questioning, PoI-8765 explained that the so-called plan was a plot outline for a novel it had begun writing. 

PoI-8765 was reprimanded for multiple instances of failure to follow Foundation Information Protocol and returned to current duties following a weekend seminar to review information handling standards.

### Security Footage Log, Site-81 Transplanar Research Sector

**Date:**8/22/2025

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*21:22 [Dr. Tolmony enters Corridor 73 toward Room 08.]*

*21:23 [Dr. Tolmony enters Room 08 and approaches the door separating SCP-9669's secure storage locker from the rest of the room.]*

*21:23 [The door opens, Dr. Tolmony enters, and the door shuts behind her.]*

*21:24 [A quiet metal creak is audible, presumed to be the opening of SCP-9669's secure storage locker.]*

*21:26* **Unknown:** Hesitant? To take that leap?

*21:26* **Dr. Tolmony:** What? Who's there? I didn't—

*21:26* **Unknown:** Hey, me too. But don't let the chance pass by you. I'll see you real soon.

*21:27* **Dr. Tolmony:** Wait! Who are— were?

*21:27* **Dr. Tolmony:** Fuck. Okay.

*21:28* **Dr. Tolmony:** Here goes.

*[No further activity is recorded.]*

[END LOG]

### Camera Log Retrieved from Dr. Ross Tolmony (01)

**Date:** 8/23/2025

**Start time:** 03:17

---

<details>
<summary>⮞ Display Camera Log</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

**Tolmony:** Shit, alright, think I got this thing working.

*[The camera is clipped onto Dr. Tolmony's front shirt pocket. Location identified as Dr. Tolmony's personal residence.]*

**Tolmony:** Guess it's time to carry on the age old Foundation tradition of recording myself getting killed by my own stupidity. Christ, I shouldn't have—

**Tolmony:** They always tell you the ones who follow protocol are the ones who have long careers. I've just made myself one of the ones who ends up on the wrong end of an incident report instead.

**Tolmony:** Who am I even planning to show this to? Not like I can go back. Guess I've thrown my life away for some whim before.

*[SCP-9669-2 is lifted past the view of the camera.]*

**Tolmony:** Let's see if we can make it 2 for 2 on working out for me anyway.

*[View abruptly changes to the interior of a wooden structure with identical dimensions to Dr. Tolmony's bedroom. The floor is soft earth.]*

**Tolmony:** Fuck! That feels so weird. Okay. Okay.

**Tolmony:** So now I can... Try to decipher what I wrote down from Alexander's plans, and... Stop him, I guess? How do I plan to...?

**Tolmony:** This was fucking stupid.

*[Several minutes pass in silence.]*

**Tolmony:** I'm stuck at like 3 a.m. in some stranger's wood shed or something in another goddamn dimension... And frankly I need to fucking sleep.

**Tolmony:** Don't see any point in walking around out there in the dark anyway. Better odds here than at my home back in Prime. It'll probably be crawling with agents in... Fuck.

*[Some rustling is heard. The camera's position moves uneasily as Tolmony attempts to make herself comfortable.]*

**Tolmony:** I guess this'll work.

*[The view remains stationary for several hours.]*

*[Motion is heard outside.]*

**Tolmony:** Shit.

*[A few seconds pass, then Tolmony stands.]*

**Tolmony:** Alright, I... don't think that sounds too close...

*[Tolmony moves to the door and opens it after several seconds.]*

*[The door opens to a side yard. The structure is located between a house and a small barn. Several men walk down a dirt road several meters away. Only a few other homes are visible in the vicinity. Architecture of visible buildings is consistent with 1860's America, and most smaller surrounding structures appear to have been made unprofessionally.]*

**Tolmony:** It's... so much weirder in person.

*[Tolmony approaches the road.]*

*[Buildings presumed to be a church and courthouse respectively are visible in the distance. A bell tolls from the church. At least a dozen other people are walking down the road ahead of Dr. Tolmony.]*

[EXTRANEOUS FOOTAGE REMOVED]

*[Tolmony is between wooden stalls of a small market. The steeple of the church is visible in the background. She approaches an unidentified man with an unkempt beard wearing flannel and overalls. He's sitting on a barrel in front of a stall.]*

**Tolmony:** Uhm, excuse me, sir...

**Unknown:** Yess'm?

**Unknown:** Well, don't you look lost. Odd set of clothes you've got there.

**Tolmony:** Yeah, I guess so. I'm uh, not from around here or anything.

*[The man laughs for a moment.]*

**Unknown:** Well, I coulda certainly told you that much.

**Tolmony:** Know where I can grab a bite to eat and clear my head a little?

*[The man points down the row of stalls.]*

**Unknown:** You'll want to go down that way, take a left past the church. Diner down that way. Door'll be open. If Grace is workin' tonight, tell her Henry Fischer sent you. Might get a discount that way.

**Tolmony:** Thanks, I uhm... I'll do that.

**Unknown:** Ain't nothing. Maggie's still workin' the inn if you're stayin' in town tonight. She'll talk your head off, but she's a real nice lady.

**Tolmony:** I'll keep that in mind. Have a— Have a good day, sir.

*[The man chuckles slightly.]*

**Unknown:** You too, little lady. Whatever you're lookin' for out here... I can't imagine what it is, but I hope you find it.

**Tolmony:** Just passing through, I think.

**Unknown:** Most are.

*[Tolmony walks away from the man in the direction he indicated.]*

[EXTRANEOUS FOOTAGE REMOVED]

*[A small wooden building comes into view at the end of a dirt road. The doors are open, and several people are on a porch outside. Some sit in rocking chairs. Some lean on posts. A couple glance toward Tolmony, though they're too far away for anything to be audible from them.]*

*[An audible sigh is heard from Dr. Tolmony.]*

**Tolmony:** No one's going to watch this. No one's going to watch this, and I'm just going to die out here or be tracked down or— Ugh, fuck. Why did I have to— Alexander probably isn't even doing anything. Christ.

**Tolmony:** I guess I'll just see where I can go from here. Maybe if I go back now and try to explain, I'll just— Maybe they at least won't kill me that way.

**Tolmony:** Why am I still recording this?

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

### Camera Log Retrieved from Dr. Ross Tolmony (02)

**Date:** 8/23/2025

**Start time:** 19:43

---

<details>
<summary>⮞ Display Camera Log</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Tolmony is walking away from the diner alone.]*

**Tolmony:** What the fuck?

**Tolmony:** I mean, it was really helpful, but what the fuck?

*[The bindings of Tolmony's notepad are visible at the bottom of the frame as well as a pencil moving quickly across it and pausing briefly when she speaks.]*

**Tolmony:** I was just in the diner, having my meal, wondering what to even do with my life at this point, and I hear this— this voice.

**Tolmony:** It tells me I just need to find my footing. That I can be independent, or something like that.

**Tolmony:** I look around expecting to see some weird stranger with beard lice and a farmer's tan trying to give me advice, but I don't see anyone anywhere. No one else seems to hear it. A waitress even stopped to see if I needed anything, the way I was looking around.

*[Tolmony's pencil stops moving and is lowered out of frame.]*

**Tolmony:** I think I got it all down. All the important parts, at least.

**Tolmony:** I guess I just needed my memory jogged a bit. The voice reminded me of that damn note I picked up when Alexander dropped it in the hall. Site-76.

**Tolmony:** You're not supposed to know where these things are, but in A1 it's public knowledge. They screen a lot of the materials we get from there before handing it to us for that reason. I'm assuming most are rough equivalents since the other Site-81s definitely are.

**Tolmony:** I'll be the first to admit I'm not completely sure where that falls on Alexander's plan, and I only really have notes and even rougher from memory copies of already rough outlines for where things are, but I can see if Site-76 lines up with any of the points he had marked.

**Tolmony:** If it's at the start of his plan, perfect. Either way, I'll intercept him there and... I guess talk to him about it? Figure out what the hell is happening? I mean, what I gleaned sounded like he wanted to cause a world war or something, but he never seemed like a malicious guy.

**Tolmony:** If he is doing something evil or dangerous or stupid or something, well, that'd make two of us for the last two, but I guess I could try to stop him...

**Tolmony:** I'm going to get my ass kicked, aren't I?

**Tolmony:** But at least I can do something... Or try to, I guess.

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

### Camera Log Retrieved from Dr. Ross Tolmony (03)

**Date:** 8/23/2025

**Start time:** 23:35

---

<details>
<summary>⮞ Display Camera Log</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Dr. Tolmony is in a small room, presumed to be at an inn in PR-A2. She is seated at a desk in front of a window. On the desk is her notepad and cellular phone. The latter is displaying a low battery warning.]*

**Tolmony:** Just about have this copied...

*[On Dr. Tolmony's phone is a list of Foundation sites and their locations that have been made public in PR-A1. She copies them onto her notepad with a pencil.]*

**Tolmony:** Alright... Perfect.

**Tolmony:** Dipped into PR-A1 to download their list of sites. Kinda weird to see it all public facing. Almost expected something nasty to show up on the screen and kill me for snooping... But here it all is.

**Tolmony:** 76 lines up pretty nicely with what I think is the rough location Alexander had marked first. Guess that settles it. I'll find... some way to get there.

**Tolmony:** Fucking Oklahoma. Not too far off, all things considered.

*[Dr. Tolmony scoots her chair back from the desk.]*

**Tolmony:** Guess I'll turn in for the night. I'll figure out what to do next in the—

*[Dr. Tolmony quickly stands.]*

**Tolmony:** What the fuck?

*[Outside the window, a man in a brown coat holds up his hand and produces a flame spontaneously. A small crowd is gathered around him. Some appear unsettled. Other's applaud.]*

**Tolmony:** Is he... They didn't have much in pyrotechnics in these times, did they?

*[The flame grows and bends in unnatural ways with motions of the man's hand. This goes on for several minutes until he seems to finish the act by twirling his hand and causing the flame to soar upward in a long, twirling spiral before collapsing toward his hand and vanishing.]*

*[The scene outside darkens. Faint lantern light is all that remains. The applause becomes practically a roar.]*

**Magician:** Thank you! Thank you! It's been wonderful to perform for you ladies and gentlemen tonight.

**Magician:** I'll be in town the week if any of you fine fellows want a chat.

**Magician:** You can find me at the Allens'. They've generously allowed me to stay with them for the while.

**Audience Member:** Bet it saves them some firewood! Hoo-wee, my folks been going through it like nothing else. Darn cold front.

*[The magician smiles.]*

**Magician:** My talents are practical as they are a spectacle!

*[Dr. Tolmony sits back down, obscuring the scene outside the window from view.]*

**Tolmony:** Damn. They just...

*[One hand reaches up beside the camera, presumably to the anomalous hole in Dr. Tolmony's chest.]*

**Tolmony:** I was so worried about... everything, I didn't even think about how everyone just accepted... this.

**Tolmony:** I almost forgot it was there. Just for a day.

*[Dr. Tolmony moves to the bed and sits down.]*

**Tolmony:** I should really get some sleep.

*[A moment passes before the camera is switched off.]*

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

### Copy of an Internal Memo Provided by Foundation of PR-A1

---

## Site-76 Security Notice

**Date:** 8/27/2025

**Subject:** [SCP-2991](SCP-2991)

---

To all security personnel, SCP-2991 has been reported missing. No evidence of intrusion has been logged. SCP-2991 is considered a low-risk object and is not itself a security concern. Site alert level has been increased to **Yellow** for a period of two weeks.

A higher standard of attendance is expected during this time. Further details will be provided by the current acting security supervisor shortly. Expect immediate changes in schedule.

### Copy of an Internal Memo Provided by Foundation of PR-D3

---

## Site-76 Incident Log I-637

**Date:** 9/03/2025

---

On 9/02/2025, a confidential Foundation asset was reported missing from storage in Site-76. No further details have been determined. No signs of intrusion have been reported.

Shortly following the disappearance, Dr. Mesmur was questioned regarding the incident due to her oversight of the asset and an unusual recent change in demeanor. Investigations into potential involvement from Dr. Mesmur have been dropped following advisory from Site Director Bennett.

### Receipt Confiscated from Wondertainment Wondermart Location, Tulsa, Oklahoma, PR-A1

---

**Date:** 8/29/2025

**Item:** WONDERTAINMENT PUTTYIFIER

**QTY:** 1

**Price:** $0.00

**Tax:** $0.00

**Total:** $0.00

---

**Recipient:** Alexander Swath

**Note:** THANK YOU FOR RETURNING SCARF TO ME! Your kindness will never go unrewarded, my friend! We're not meant to sell these anymore, but they missed one in the back, and kindness begets kindness! Be careful and have FUN!

### Camera Log Retrieved from Dr. Ross Tolmony (04)

**Date:** 8/30/2025

**Start time:** 09:07

---

<details>
<summary>⮞ Display Camera Log</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Tolmony is seated in an empty subway carriage. Discarded takeout boxes and soda cans dot the floor.]*

**Tolmony:** Okay, uh, nothing better to do, I guess? No one to overhear me right now. I may as well record things. If nothing else, I can look back on it. Not that I don't have a notebook.

**Tolmony:** Took a minute to find anything to even charge this little camera with. Wasn't exactly a priority.

**Tolmony:** I'm in A1 now. Nice being able to walk around without having to cover my chest. Stupid hole showing through clothes and all... I wish I could go back to taking it for granted.

**Tolmony:** But anyway, I think I should be getting closer to Site-76 now. Infrastructure looks better here than it does in Prime. I passed a construction site, and it looked like they were levitating I-beams into place, so I guess that'd be why. Probably couldn't take a subway out of Phoenix where I'm from.

**Tolmony:** Tulsa was not where Site-76 is located. Apparently the list I copied from was outdated. For a while, it was actually just where you could go to be loaded into a van without windows and taken to the actual location to visit someone the Foundation scooped up.

**Tolmony:** I...

*[Dr. Tolmony clears her throat.]*

**Tolmony:** Well, anyway, it's been more than enough confusion and way more than enough time to get here. I'm on my way to some smaller town a short ways out that actually has the site another short ways out from it.

**Tolmony:** Not that this version of the site is actually the one I need to go to...

**Tolmony:** But it'll be the easiest one to scope out, for sure. At least as far as worlds where the site actually exists go.

*[Dr. Tolmony sifts through a coat pocket and retrieves her Foundation clearance card.]*

**Tolmony:** Might be a long shot that this thing will get me anywhere. I'll kind of have to play it by ear to figure out what Alexander is doing there. If he's... there at all.

**Tolmony:** I'm assuming whatever that freaky voice that talked to me was, it wouldn't bother if I were running off like a headless chicken to get myself killed because I was just paranoid of a coworker's new novel being real.

**Tolmony:** Hopefully I'm not too late. Or too early.

**Tolmony:** At least I have an out if I get caught somewhere I'm not supposed to be. I've been reluctant to check certain realities, though. Obvious reasons. Cowboy times always have my back, though. Even if they don't have indoor plumbing.

*[Some time passes. Dr. Tolmony fidgets with the lapels of her coat.]*

**Tolmony:** It's... been a bit rough getting by like this. The cash I have is very finite.

**Tolmony:** Even if there is some plan and I stop him, I'm not sure what's next for me.

**Tolmony:** Or if there isn't, and I'm just...

**Tolmony:** He had my own research printed out by whatever that scheme of his was.

**Tolmony:** I don't know what he's trying to do, but I can't let him just... use my own work like that.

**Tolmony:** Maybe it isn't even anything sinister. Maybe he's just trying to find a way to run away somewhere safe.

**Tolmony:** I guess if I meet him and he is, I can join him. Might actually be better than life was back home. Not that I can say I'm thrilled about the excitement of it.

**Tolmony:** I'm past the point of some nice happy ending settled down comfortably and left be, though, aren't I?

**Tolmony:** Have been for a long time.

*[The overhead speaker dings.]*

**Speaker:** Now arriving at—

**Tolmony:** Shit, alright.

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

### Camera Log Retrieved from Dr. Ross Tolmony (05)

**Date:** 8/30/2025

**Start time:** 16:48

---

<details>
<summary>⮞ Display Camera Log</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Dr. Tolmony is stood in the countryside, presumably in PR-A2. A large, somewhat irregularly shaped barn with portions collapsed stands in front of her. She steps inside. Multiple smaller wooden structures are briefly visible in the surrounding area as Dr. Tolmony approaches.]*

**Tolmony:** Alright, this should be it. I paid a visit in A1; saw some kids loitering in the parking lot and big 'Site-76' signs. Jarring and weird, but made me feel safe to scope it out. I.... didn't want to go in, regardless.

*[Dr. Tolmony opens the barn door and steps inside. Beams of daylight filter through cracks in the ceiling.]*

**Tolmony:** Between what I'm here to do and... y'know... I just— Yeah. I don't want to talk to site security.

**Tolmony:** I briefly checked out D2, even. Current hypothesis states the whole retrocasual effect means wherever you appear, you aren't going to show up in a sentient inferno or pool of some death slime, however fucked D2 is, and that seemed to hold true. Site's been trashed over there, but the surrounding area seems pretty barren and quiet.

**Tolmony:** Just lumbering shapes on the horizon. Don't want to stick around there much, but it's an option.

*[A moment pauses in silence.]*

**Tolmony:** Ugh, fuck. I guess at least they can't kill me if they catch me over there.

**Tolmony:** I just need to get this over with.

*[View changes to the inside of an unmarked white corridor.]*

*[The camera's movements become shakier as Dr. Tolmony proceeds toward a door.]*

**Tolmony:** I'm... kinda flying blind here. I don't know where Alexander actually is even.

**Tolmony:** I snagged a map in A1, though, and he's— probably in the office complex somewhere. Security, uh, should be more lax, I think?

**Tolmony:** I'm going to get myself killed. Fuck.

*[Dr. Tolmony reaches a door, at which point she produces her clearance card from her pocket. The electronic lock flashes green, and the door opens. Tolmony proceeds into a perpendicular corridor.]*

**Tolmony:** I sort of didn't actually...

*[Footsteps are heard approaching around a corner. View suddenly changes to an identical corridor, but filled with debris and in a state of visible disrepair.]*

**Tolmony:** Shit! Okay, fuck, okay—

*[A deep breath is heard.]*

**Tolmony:** Oh, there!

*[The camera moves forward. Tolmony retrieves a clipboard from a small pile of rubble and dusts it off.]*

**Tolmony:** Good to have some cover, I guess. They'll definitely ask for credentials if they see, uh, y'know...

**Tolmony:** Always takes forever to clear up when I'm actually supposed to be somewhere.

*[The camera's view is obscured as Dr. Tolmony holds the clipboard in front of her chest for a moment. A moment passes before she lowers it again.]*

**Tolmony:** Okay. Hold this in front of me, hope nobody's there when I go back, and uh, just try to act natural. I don't think I technically exist in that world; my clearance card just has a valid serial number someone else has over there. I can just be myself and— Christ, this is stupid.

**Tolmony:** Whatever. No going back now.

*[A moment passes, and the camera's view changes back to PR-D3. The corridor is empty.]*

*[The camera's view is obstructed by the clipboard. Several seconds pass in silence.]*

**Unknown:** Huh? I haven't seen you around the office.

**Tolmony:** Oh, sorry, my name's Dr. Tolmony. I, uh, am here on business. From another site.

**Tolmony:** You know how it is.

**Unknown:** Dr. Sawyer. Nice to meet you.

**Tolmony:** Mhm, uhm, you too.

*[There's a brief pause in the conversation.]*

**Tolmony:** By the way, would you happen to know where I can meet with uh, Alexander? Alexander, uh... Swath?

**Unknown:** Doesn't ring a bell.

**Tolmony:** He was supposed to meet me here today, and... I don't know maybe he got lost? Had some other business?

**Tolmony:** He's a tall, black guy, always wears like this red vest, uh, probably has tinted glasses like these? We got matching ones... Uh, inside joke.

**Unknown:** Hah, I was gonna ask. Well, I saw a guy that sounds like that on his way to Dr. Mesmur's office. That was hours ago, though, so I don't know where he's at now.

**Unknown:** Did they give you a map?

**Tolmony:** Uhm, doesn't have her office on it.

**Unknown:** Typical. Down that way, take a left. Just read the names on the doors and you'll be fine.

**Tolmony:** Alright, uh, cool, thanks! Uh, talk later?

**Unknown:** Have a good one.

*[Only the sounds of Dr. Tolmony's footsteps and distant office chatter are audible for several minutes.]*

**Tolmony:** Uh, oh! Dr. Mesmur...

*[Dr. Tolmony hesitates.]*

*[The sound of a door opening is heard.]*

*[The clipboard is moved out of the camera's view as Dr. Tolmony steps back in apparent shock. PoI-8765, henceforth referred to as Alexander, is exiting the door to Dr. Mesmur's office immediately in front of the camera. He wears an instance of SCP-9669 and holds a briefcase in one hand.]*

*[Alexander's expression changes to one of surprise.]*

**Alexander:** Tolmony?

*[Alexander glances around the hall for a moment.]*

**Alexander:** Certainly didn't expect to see a familiar face here of all places. Business?

**Tolmony:** Uhm, shit... Uh. Of a sort, I guess...

*[Alexander nods. His expression becomes more firm.]*

**Alexander:** Bad place for a heart to heart, huh? How about this?

*[Alexander reaches for his temple. The camera's view changes to the abandoned site present in PR-D2. Alexander remains in the same position in frame. Daylight streams in through points of damage to the building's walls and ceiling.]*

**Alexander:** So, Tolmony. Why are you here?

**Tolmony:** You should know why!

*[There's a brief pause.]*

**Tolmony:** Better than I do, even.

**Alexander:** Well, the answer could vary a lot depending on how you read what from my notes.

*[Alexander reaches behind his back and pulls out Dr. Tolmony's own notebook.]*

**Alexander:** Didn't think I'd miss this filling out your coat pocket, did you?

*[Alexander's eyes scan the pages.]*

**Tolmony:** You can't just— I didn't—

**Alexander:** No, no. I know you didn't. You didn't know anything I was doing.

**Alexander:** Well, to your credit, you pieced together a chunk of it.

*[There's a brief pause.]*

**Alexander:** But you don't know a lot. And that's good. You might like what you hear, actually.

*[Alexander finishes skimming Dr. Tolmony's notes and hands the notebook back to her, which she takes. Her hand is shaking slightly.]*

**Alexander:** So, tell me, Doctor. In your own words. What's my end goal here?

*[There's silence for several seconds.]*

**Tolmony:** I don't... I don't know, actually— I just— It was all secretive, and it sounded like, however vague, it... would be a big deal.

**Tolmony:** Something that'd be an upheaval. Not a... smooth change for the better.

**Alexander:** For the better.

**Alexander:** Tolmony, do you know where I come from?

**Tolmony:** I don't know where I'd even pick that up.

**Alexander:** I come from all over. Everywhere.

**Alexander:** I've seen a good chunk of the continental U.S.

**Alexander:** Why?

*[Dr. Tolmony does not respond.]*

**Alexander:** The GOC. That's why.

**Alexander:** And the Foundation didn't help. They didn't really, catch on, though, so I had a lucky break there.

*[Alexander flashes a smile.]*

**Alexander:** You know what I can do. The Coalition did, too. One of their guys who creeps on street magicians caught wind. And I was a damn kid. Doing that to impress my friends, try to make a buck from anyone who liked what they saw. Lord knows my parents couldn't get me much for my birthday, after all.

**Tolmony:** I... What'd they do?

**Alexander:** Swatted my fucking house. Only got out because my old man was ready. Not for them, of course, but we had a plan to get out if we needed to.

**Alexander:** So I ran. Hell if I know what happened to my own folks.

**Alexander:** But I've got a long, sorry life to thank them for.

**Alexander:** So tell me, Tolmony, what's my goal?

**Tolmony:** To... stop the GOC?

**Alexander:** You're catching on, aren't you? I'm getting rid of them. Wholecloth.

**Tolmony:** Are you— Have you lost your mind?

**Tolmony:** Like, they suck, but I mean— Think about the power vacuum that'd create.

**Tolmony:** Everything I've heard about them involves killing God or wiping a smaller group off the map. Whatever the fuck they have, who's going to get their hands on it next?

**Alexander:** Tolmony...

**Tolmony:** The Foundation, probably! You think they'd be better for you?

**Tolmony:** We're going to have another Occult Wa—

**Alexander:** Tolmony.

*[A deep breath is heard.]*

**Tolmony:** Okay. Sorry, okay. What?

**Alexander:** When's the last time you went to the grocery store? Or had a walk at the park? Or got lunch with a friend?

**Tolmony:** Shit, like... It was before this happened.

*[Dr. Tolmony gestures to her chest.]*

**Alexander:** And don't you want to have that again?

**Tolmony:** I mean, Christ, who wouldn't?

**Alexander:** I want it, too.

**Tolmony:** Go to A1, then! Or at least, you should've before. I don't know where the hell you got those glasses, but you have a pair. You could've had that at any time.

**Alexander:** The Coalition exists over there still.

**Alexander:** They have a nicer public image, but let's not pretend it'd be great to just walk the street as someone who can just whisk an object into their pocket from three yards. Or someone living and breathing with a hole through her chest.

**Tolmony:** We've gotten the documents. It's not that bad. You can still live there pretty peacefully. Shit, I could've, if our Foundation weren't probably going to put an interdimensional warrant for my arrest.

**Alexander:** Well, whether you like the odds or not, I'm not going to be happy in a world where the GOC doesn't answer for what it's done. And I'm not going to be happy leaving it to kill people like me in our own.

**Alexander:** And the Foundation can go, too. You're a smart cookie. You know they're awful.

**Tolmony:** I mean... Yeah. Not thrilled about working there anymore.

**Alexander:** And I have an out for you.

**Tolmony:** How the hell do you expect to get rid of two global superpowers in one fell swoop without turning the whole planet to ash?

**Alexander:** The tablet. There's so much more on it than the documents they let you look over.

**Tolmony:** How do you—

**Alexander:** I know how to get my hands on it. And when I do, I'll inscribe my will in stone.

**Alexander:** Every GOC. Every Foundation. They'll fall.

**Tolmony:** You're insane if you think some doomsday tablet is going to have a charitable interpretation of that.

**Alexander:** Then I'll add another clause. That the people will prosper.

**Tolmony:** I'm not here to deal with the devil, Alexander. Knock it off. I mean, just— Christ, you know how dumb this is, don't you?

**Alexander:** Thinking back on my life... Dumb? Maybe. But it's worth it, Tolmony. The chance to make sure what happened to me never happens again. I'll take that chance any day of the week.

*[Dr. Tolmony steps forward.]*

**Alexander:** What are you going to do, bludgeon me with you clipboard?

**Alexander:** What do you think your options are here?

**Tolmony:** I'm not going to let you just— gamble all of our lives on that fucking tablet!

*[Dr. Tolmony swipes for Alexander's SCP-9669 instance. Alexander steps out of the way.]*

**Alexander:** Tolmony, please, you don't want this.

**Alexander:** Stick by my side. I've survived this long.

**Tolmony:** You've lost your mind, Alexander!

*[Dr. Tolmony swings a punch at Alexander. He steps back and counters by knocking her backward with his briefcase.]*

**Alexander:** Maybe it won't be the most peaceful change, but the dust will settle on a world where we don't have to live in fear.

**Tolmony:** If we're really fucking lucky, maybe!

*[Dr. Tolmony steadies herself and begins to approach, but hesitates and stays a couple paces back seeing Alexander holding his briefcase ready.]*

**Alexander:** Do you really want to fight me, Doctor?

**Tolmony:** I really want to stop whatever stunt you're trying to pull here.

*[Alexander sighs.]*

**Alexander:** So be it.

*[Alexander reaches to open the briefcase.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony rushes in and swings at him with her elbow. Alexander catches her blow with a hand, but is momentarily disrupted.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony reaches for Alexander's briefcase, but he catches her off-guard with a kick.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony lands hard on the ground. The sound of a latch being undone is audible.]*

**Alexander:** Last chance, Tolmony. I can take you somewhere safe.

*[After a moment, Dr. Tolmony stands. The camera pans to Alexander, who holds a bulky contraption shaped similarly to an oversized revolver. The suitcase is open on the ground.]*

**Alexander:** What's your plan if you kill me, Tolmony? You still won't have a life to go back to. You know the Foundation doesn't appreciate rogue agents.

*[Alexander holds the device pointed toward Dr. Tolmony.]*

*[A bead of sweat drips over the camera lens.]*

**Tolmony:** How am I supposed to just stand and let people die because you want to use an anomaly to—

**Alexander:** You've been standing and letting people die your whole career. Does it only bother you now?

*[Dr. Tolmony darts to the side. The device in Alexander's hand fires a large beam of white energy into the space where Dr. Tolmony was a moment prior.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony removes a piece of rebar from a pile of rubble and charges toward Alexander.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony strikes Alexander in the leg and sets him off balance, then swings again at his head.]*

*[Alexander reaches up to catch Dr. Tolmony's swing, and he uses his free hand to adjust the slider of his SCP-9669 instance.]*

*[The scene changes to PR-D3.]*

**Alexander:** Help me! Who is this? I'm being attacked!

*[Footsteps are heard all around. Dr. Tolmony freezes for a moment.]*

*[The piece of rebar in Dr. Tolmony's hand is transferred instantly to the ground several feet away. A security officer moves into the corridor.]*

**Tolmony:** What the—

*[Alexander steadies himself as the guard approaches, but the scene abruptly changes back to PR-D2.]*

*[Alexander pushes Dr. Tolmony back a pace and retrieves the device from the ground.]*

*[The device is aimed at Dr. Tolmony. The scene changes briefly back to PR-D3, at which point the beam washes over Dr. Tolmony harmlessly. A bewildered security guard is visible momentarily.]*

*[The scene returns to PR-D2, and Dr. Tolmony rushes for Alexander while his weapon is winding down.]*

**Tolmony:** Think about the people who'll be killed!

*[Alexander turns and runs down the corridor away from Dr. Tolmony.]*

**Alexander:** Think about the ones who already have been!

*[Dr. Tolmony pursues Alexander into a small break room.]*

*[An error noise comes from Alexander's weapon. He mutters something inaudible.]*

*[Alexander reaches for his temple. The scene changes to PR-A2. The break room is now the living room of a farm house.]*

**Tolmony:** Get back here— Hey!

*[Alexander runs out the front door of the house and overturns a rocking chair in front of it.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony clambers over the chair while Alexander gains distance.]*

*[Alexander runs into a building several yards from the house.]*

**Tolmony:** Shit— God fucking—

*[Dr. Tolmony approaches the building. It appears to be a small stable.]*

*[Before she reaches the entrance, Alexander rides out on horseback.]*

*[The scene changes to PR-D2. Alexander is now riding through a field of rubble of a destroyed portion of Site-76.]*

**Tolmony:** Wait!

*[Alexander turns to wave behind him then disappears from view.]*

*[After a moment, Dr. Tolmony's hand lowers from her temple.]*

**Tolmony:** Shit. Fucking shit. I— Christ. There goes my chance.

*[Dr. Tolmony takes a seat on a stray chunk of concrete.]*

**Tolmony:** I should've just— Taken him to D1 when he was—

**Tolmony:** Fuck...

*[Dr. Tolmony sighs.]*

**Tolmony:** I'm too much of a fucking coward for this.

**Tolmony:** He could've— I was just—

*[A sniffle is heard. A hand reaches for the camera.]*

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

### Camera Log Retrieved from Dr. Ross Tolmony (06)

**Date:** 8/30/2025

**Start time:** 18:33

---

<details>
<summary>⮞ Display Camera Log</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

*[The camera opens on a gravel road. The Sun is low in the sky overhead.]*

**Tolmony:** Okay, so... Alexander bartered for a death ray for... some fucking reason. And he's...

**Tolmony:** He's going to end the world if he gets his hands on that fucking tablet.

*[Dr. Tolmony walks along the road. She passes an abandoned building, but the landscape is otherwise entirely forest.]*

**Tolmony:** What is he— I mean, sure, the GOC sucks, and I'll concede that the Foundation—

**Tolmony:** I just don't get it. What does he know that I don't? Is he just that reckless?

**Tolmony:** Was he telling the truth? Why wouldn't he lie to me?

**Tolmony:** If it was a lie, it wasn't a fucking good one. I could've—

*[A deep breath is heard.]*

**Tolmony:** Okay, sure, he wants to use the tablet...

**Tolmony:** We're probably going to get flattened and like fucking mole people unearth to be the ones prospering when he writes 'the people will prosper' in that fucking thing because I mean—

**Tolmony:** Whatever. I know what he's doing now. I can find him. I can stop him.

**Tolmony:** I can...

**Tolmony:** What am I doing? He'll kill me on sight next time. He's not stupid.

**Tolmony:** Is it too late to find somewhere nice to settle down? And hope whatever he does doesn't kill me? And I'm never found by the Foundation?

**Tolmony:** Christ.

**Tolmony:** Well, if I'm not getting out of this mess by giving up, then...

*[A sigh is heard.]*

**Tolmony:** We'll see.

*[Dr. Tolmony continues walking for some time. The camera is left on seemingly by mistake.]*

[EXTRANEOUS FOOTAGE REMOVED]

*[Some time passes before Dr. Tolmony comes across a farmhouse. A small wheat field is behind it, and an apple tree grows in the yard. A man wearing a white t-shirt and jeans leans against the tree. He has a farmer's tan and holds a hoe in one hand.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony hesitates for a moment before approaching the farmer.]*

**Tolmony:** Hey! Hey, uh, I need some help.

*[The farmer looks up at her with a curious glance. His eyes immediately focus on the hole in her chest.]*

**Farmer:** You certainly look it.

*[Dr. Tolmony sighs.]*

**Tolmony:** It's, uh, not about the hole. I'm just, well, a bit lost.

**Farmer:** Figures, if you're out here on foot. Where'd you even come from? Hell?

**Tolmony:** Er, no, I just... Christ, it's a long story. But the long and short of it is I'm a long way from home. And.. probably can't go back, actually.

**Farmer:** So it's a hobo who's wandered onto my property, then, not one of the devil's?

**Tolmony:** I'm just— Listen, it's complicated. I have a PhD. I had a life. I— guess I sorta threw it away.

**Tolmony:** But right now, I guess I'm just passing through. I don't know what you've got going on, but I could use something to eat, a place to charge my phone, and— I dunno, do you have a couch I can sleep on?

**Tolmony:** I don't have shit to offer, but I can help with whatever chores you have if so.

*[The farmer sighs.]*

**Farmer:** Alright, well... I don't like the look of ya much, but if you're offering a hand, I made a grocery run just the other day and have plenty to get done tonight. Been quiet 'round these parts lately anyhow. Wouldn't mind the company.

**Farmer:** You oughtta give me your name if you're stickin' here, though.

**Tolmony:** Uh, Dr. Tolmony. Er— Ross Tolmony.

**Farmer:** Davis. Good meetin' you.

**Davis:** If you don't mind, I've gotta get the fence 'round my garden patched up so those damn foxes will stop crawlin' in. Looks like your knees work better than mine. C'mon back.

[EXTRANEOUS FOOTAGE REMOVED]

*[Dr. Tolmony is wrapping thin metal wire around metal fence posts to create a mesh over a damaged stretch of fencing. It is growing dark.]*

**Davis:** There y'are. Good.

**Tolmony:** This the only damaged part?

**Davis:** Eh, there's a chunk missing over on the east side, but that's about it.

**Tolmony:** Got it. Let me wrap this up, then I'll get to that.

**Davis:** Mhm.

*[A few moments pass as Dr. Tolmony and Davis work in silence.]*

**Davis:** So, what were you talkin' about a while ago anyway? About throwin' your life away, I mean?

**Tolmony:** Oh, uhm, well... I worked for the Foundation. Not, uh, the one here, either.

**Davis:** And here I thought you looked like you'd be locked up by 'em.

**Tolmony:** I'm from a, uh... different version. Back where I'm from, anything, uh, anomalous was kept under wraps. The whole Korea incident never happened. It's still... sort of weird to talk about publicly.

**Tolmony:** Do I sound insane saying that? Help me out here.

**Davis:** Not any crazier than the rest of the world.

**Tolmony:** Alright, well, this uh, y'know, happened during an incident there. Stayed employed. Couldn't go out in public any more, though, y'know? Secrecy.

**Tolmony:** But uh, not too long ago we discovered these glasses that let you go between worlds.

**Davis:** Sounds about right.

*[Dr. Tolmony moves to the final patch of damaged fence. She collects materials laid out for her and starts making repairs.]*

**Tolmony:** But, uh, my coworker, uh, contractor, I think, techincally? He was up to something fishy. Long story short, he had some crazy conspiracy plan written out, using things we'd found in all sorts of worlds. All with the names jumbled to make it harder to parse, that is. I, uh, stole the pair I have and followed him.

**Davis:** Your pay grade that high?

**Tolmony:** Not exactly. Even if I stop him, I'm uh, probably not going to be able to go back.

**Tolmony:** I've basically committed treason. I just— his plan sounded insane and dangerous, and I didn't want to let anyone get hurt.

**Davis:** Oh, so he's still out there, is he?

**Tolmony:** Yeah, he's a slippery bastard. That's for sure.

**Davis:** You sure bit off a lot for yourself, huh?

*[Dr. Tolmony finishes repairing the fence and stands. She wipes the sweat from her brow.]*

**Tolmony:** Uh, yeah. Guess so. But I mean, can't go back either way. Might as well fix it.

**Davis:** Not just gonna call it and settle somewhere else?

**Tolmony:** I'd love to, but uh— I dunno, I don't feel confident, I guess, that I'll even be safe if I don't stop him. Or if I do, really.

**Tolmony:** Seems like a waste to make a leap like this and stop short, doesn't it? I think I worked a lot of the doubt out of my system already, honestly.

**Davis:** Well, good on ya. Maybe you were a bit bullheaded, but if you're gonna put yourself to something that big, you oughta see it through.

**Davis:** Or maybe you're about to turn my head into spaghetti, the hell do I know about all that sciency voodoo crap they're always talkin' about on TV?

*[Dr. Tolmony laughs slightly.]*

**Tolmony:** Well, we've gotten everything out here, right?

**Davis:** Hm? Sure do.

*[Davis beings to walk toward the farmhouse.]*

**Davis:** Come in and wash your hands. You can help with supper.

[EXTRANEOUS FOOTAGE REMOVED]

*[Dr. Tolmony is seated at a dinner table across from Davis. No other people are present. The table has been set with mashed potatoes and pork steak.]*

*[A moment passes in silence while both fill their plates. Dr. Tolmony goes to take a bite, but stops abruptly as Davis begins to say prayers. She mimes similar motions while remaining silent.]*

**Davis:** So, you're chasing some sketchy hooligan, you said?

**Tolmony:** Uh, I guess, yeah. Worked with him for a long time. Not like he's some stranger.

**Davis:** And you couldn't settle things over lunch?

**Tolmony:** Talking to him, uh, didn't work. He seems set on what he wants.

**Davis:** And what is that, now?

**Tolmony:** Uh, dismantling some major supernatural organizations, which, I mean, they aren't great, especially where we're from, but that'd... It'd get a lot of people hurt.

**Davis:** And you think he's gonna do it if you don't stop him?

**Tolmony:** I don't know who exactly he has in his pocket, but everyone just dismisses anything I say about him. I guess he's pulling strings somewhere. Giving someone what they want. I guess they turn a blind eye.

**Davis:** Hm, guess he's more of a silver tongued fellow, then?

**Tolmony:** Uh, yeah. Used to be a magician, I think. He has a certain bravado, I guess. Charisma. Swindled a piece of rebar right out of my hand when I swung it at him.

*[Davis chuckles briefly.]*

**Davis:** Guess you got your work cut out, then.

**Tolmony:** Yeah...

*[A few moments pass. Dr. Tolmony eats quietly.]*

**Davis:** So tell me, miss, what are you going to do after all this?

*[Dr. Tolmony remains silent for several seconds.]*

**Tolmony:** I, uh... don't know.

**Davis:** You'll be a hero, won't you, if what you're sayin' is true.

**Tolmony:** No, I uh, I won't. If I'm lucky, I can... maybe turn in a full report on just, everything. Show them I stole 9669 for a good reason.

**Tolmony:** Stealing an object like this is... I'm not getting off the hook no matter how the rest of all this goes. They know where I live... Lived, I guess. Can't even go back to collect my belongings unless I want to chance it with the Foundation.

**Davis:** You don't think someone'll see what you've done and how wrong they were? I'd sure want to cover my own ass if I let that guy run off like that.

**Tolmony:** Whoever decides what happens to me probably won't have any personal connection. They'll just look at me stealing an anomaly, and... I don't know, hopefully they'll at least keep me around for my own account of things.

*[Davis gives Dr. Tolmony an odd look, then turns his gaze to his plate.]*

**Tolmony:** I'll just— have to go find somewhere else, I guess... Maybe— Maybe another world. If I can find somewhere they won't find me.

**Tolmony:** I didn't have much to lose anyway, but— I— Excuse me.

*[Dr. Tolmony lifts a hand to cover her face. After a moment, she stands and leaves the table. She moves to the bathroom.]*

*[Sobbing is heard for several minutes.]*

*[Footsteps slowly approach.]*

**Davis:** Miss?

**Davis:** If you, uh, need yourself a place for the night, couch folds out.

*[Dr. Tolmony sniffles. She attempts to say something inaudible.]*

**Davis:** I'm about to turn in for the night myself. You just, uh— Well, I'll be up early tomorrow.

**Davis:** Wherever you're headed, I can get you to the nearest town that'a way in the mornin'.

*[Dr. Tolmony takes a moment to respond. Her voice is strained.]*

**Tolmony:** Thank you.

**Davis:** Night, Ross.

*[Sobbing continues for several minutes.]*

**Tolmony:** Fuck...

*[Dr. Tolmony stands and slowly moves to the living room. She takes a deep breath.]*

**Tolmony:** Did I leave the camera on through all that? Batteries are going to— It doesn't matter, does it?

*[Dr. Tolmony sighs. She moves onto the couch and lays down without folding it out, then reaches for the camera.]*

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

### Written Note Recovered on the Person of Dr. Tolmony

**Archivist's Note:** Testimony from Dr. Tolmony indicates this note was discovered on an end table by the couch she slept on when she woke up on the morning of 8/31/2025. The note is written on a cue card, and a portion of its printing is stripped on the bottom left corner where, according to Dr. Tolmony, a key was initially taped in place.

---

Take this. Metal building at Dower Street, Indianapolis.

Abandoned now. Something important broken sun world

Windows boarded, don't worry.

**-Nobody**

### Camera Log Retrieved from Dr. Ross Tolmony (07)

**Date:** 9/02/2025

**Start time:** 06:21

---

<details>
<summary>⮞ Display Camera Log</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

*[Dr. Tolmony is standing in front of a large, metal building. There are no lights on inside. She stands in a parking lot with only a couple vehicles in it, and no other people are present.]*

**Tolmony:** Alright, well... This is the place.

*[Dr. Tolmony retrieves a small key from her pocket.]*

**Tolmony:** I, uh, haven't kept logs for a minute. I...

**Tolmony:** Feels weird to record, like, regular conversations, I guess. I keep slacking on documenting what I'm doing whenever... Eh. It doesn't matter.

**Tolmony:** I'll just keep these up, so I can pretend I'm still a researcher and not just some drifter.

*[Dr. Tolmony unlocks the door to the building and enters. The inside is dark and barren. Light shining through windows caked in dust provide only faint illumination.]*

**Tolmony:** Alright, well, the key worked. Hopefully this 'Nobody' guy isn't... just trying to get me killed.

**Tolmony:** I guess if that were the case, there'd be easier ways.

*[The camera's view changes subtly. It becomes substantially darker. The light of Dr. Tolmony's phone clicks on, and she uses it to navigate to a back room.]*

**Tolmony:** Really don't like being in this world... I mean, it's basically the same in here, but one step outside... Ugh. Let's stop thinking about that.

*[Dr. Tolmony's light falls on a large pile of supplies. She first grabs an electric lantern and closes her phone. She detaches her camera and leaves it facing the pile while she sifts through it.]*

**Tolmony:** Alright, what do we have here?

*[The stockpile contains numerous packs of rations, a survival knife, and various other supplies, which Dr. Tolmony digs through methodically.]*

**Tolmony:** Oh, hey, backpack. Thank fuck for that, I could... Yeah, I could use a lot more of this than I can carry in my arms.

*[Dr. Tolmony retrieves a large backpack from the pile of supplies and begins packing it with rations.]*

**Tolmony:** Not entirely sure why Nobody sent me here, but I don't see a lot of signs of survivors of the whole Sun thing, aside from this pile. It all looks untouched.

**Tolmony:** I mean, maybe he prepared it for me, but I mean, why make it this obscure if that's the case?

*[Dr. Tolmony sighs.]*

**Tolmony:** Well, I'll certainly take it, either way. Hopefully this isn't me robbing some poor sucker who's marooned here, but... I dunno, I doubt anyone stranded here's got a real shot either way.

*[Dr. Tolmony digs through the pile for a while longer. She takes a large portion of ration packages and water bottles. She also retrieves a roll of bandages.]*

**Tolmony:** Oh hey, this'll, uh, yeah...

*[Dr. Tolmony's hand lands on the handle of a large survival knife, which she promptly puts into a strap on her backpack.]*

**Tolmony:** I'm... I guess I'll need something to...

**Tolmony:** Shit. I... Well, it'll do the job.

*[Dr. Tolmony goes through most of the pile. She reaches the bottom, and her facial expression becomes shocked.]*

**Tolmony:** Wait a second, is... Is this...?

**Tolmony:** I guess this isn't Nobody's stockpile after all. Doesn't belong to anyone in D1, either.

*[Dr. Tolmony retrieves a notebook from the pile. The name 'Alexander' is written on its cover.]*

**Tolmony:** He just... has his plans here?

*[Dr. Tolmony flips through the notebook's pages.]*

**Tolmony:** Why would he just— Oh.

*[Dr. Tolmony runs her finger along a passage in the notebook as she reads it.]*

**Tolmony:** Swindled a lead-lined suit... Brought boards and nails... Should have a safe place now...

**Tolmony:** It's dated 2019.

*[Dr. Tolmony flips a page and reads more.]*

**Tolmony:** Been going smoothly... Even met someone else like me... Need to stock more rations...

*[Dr. Tolmony flips several pages ahead.]*

**Tolmony:** Oh.

*[Dr. Tolmony clears her throat and reads more slowly.]*

**Tolmony:** They caught him today. Don't know where the hell he is now. The streets are crawling with GOC. Not safe to go back now. Public World should still be safe. Only world left I think I can step foot in. They wanted to get rid of me, and they fucking did. I can't go back to my own version of fucking Earth.

*[Dr. Tolmony flips several more pages and reads another passage.]*

**Tolmony:** Bit of a risk, but I met a guy today from the Foundation. Back home, I mean. Didn't say it, but I could tell. Way he talked. I nudged him until he opened up about it. Maybe I should've beat his ass then and there, but if I play my cards, I can work with this.

*[Dr. Tolmony pauses for a moment before reading the last line.]*

**Tolmony:** It's a shot in the dark, but maybe I can do something after all.

*[Dr. Tolmony remains silent for several seconds.]*

**Tolmony:** I... Huh. Fuck.

*[Dr. Tolmony flips to the end of the notebook.]*

**Tolmony:** Well, it does have his plans after all, at the end, I think...

*[Dr. Tolmony reads silently for a moment.]*

**Tolmony:** Transferred to 81, turned in some of his pairs of these glasses...

**Tolmony:** He really did have some people there in his pocket. Christ.

**Tolmony:** Seems like the bulk of his whole plot hinged on some things he'd gleaned for himself, then... directed us to look into for him.

**Tolmony:** I don't think it all lines up exactly, but he seemed to know about the temple in D2 and... He never even told us there was an actual site still running in D2, even if they were barely hanging on.

**Tolmony:** Location's written out plainly. I... guess that's my next stop, then.

**Tolmony:** ...Nothing else to do here, is there? Guess I'll get going.

*[Dr. Tolmony stands and retrieves the camera.]*

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

### Mission Report Recovered from PR-D2

---

**Operation:** Do we even name these anymore?

**Date:** 9/05/2025

---

Col. Abraham, reporting on the strike operation.

We had a successful mission today. A real successful mission. That hundred armed thing that'd been stopping us from making any progress toward the valley, it's dead.

Strange man showed up the other day. Alexander. He's a great guy. Ray of sunshine we've been waiting for. Whatever he's got with him, must've been made by the GOC back when it was still holding, it was just one shot and it dropped.

We've made eigenweapons before for this. Since Ganymede, we've been throwing everything we got at these bastards, protocol be damned. I mean, shit, it's been how long since then? Nothing's worked. I sorta thought we'd all be dead by now.

I don't know what they put in that fucking gun, but whoever made it wanted to make damn sure whatever it hit was dead. I've seen every sort of anomalous seal and protection imaginable, and I've seen everything we had bounce off of them. 

Alexander, he just smiled. None of us thought his doohickey would be any different. But I'll be damned. It sure was.

Whatever the Administrator's cooking up, she's still set on it. Harder and harder to feel like she's getting anywhere. Maybe this was all part of her plan after all. Or maybe she's just putting on a strong face and making the most of a fluke.

Today's mission, I don't know. Just feels like we're getting somewhere again.

It's all just a personal tangent. Way to keep standards in the first one of these things written in too damn long. Maybe I should write this in a diary instead of a mission log. But I guess it's possible we have some future to document all this for after all.

I'll write again soon if we're not dead by then.

### Camera Log Retrieved from Dr. Ross Tolmony (08)

**Date:** 9/12/2025

**Start time:** 11:25

---

<details>
<summary>⮞ Display Camera Log</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

*[A large building is visible in the middle distance. It appears to be a repurposed aircraft hangar. It sits on a large tarmac with smaller military and industrial structures surrounding it. A large sign reads 'SCP FOUNDATION SITE-001'. The sky is dark red.]*

**Tolmony:** This is, uh, the place.

**Tolmony:** I didn't really expect it to be... labeled.

**Tolmony:** I guess the veil isn't exactly a thing here anymore, though. Makes enough sense. Hopefully that means they're taking people in. Should make it easier to talk to them.

**Tolmony:** I just need to... go in, let them know what Alexander is doing, just— He's trying to get his hands on that damn tablet. And I don't really know what that entails, but surely it can't be good for the people still stuck in this world.

*[A moment passes in silence. Smoke begins to bellow over the horizon toward the site. A loud shriek is heard.]*

**Tolmony:** What the—

*[A large figure becomes momentarily visible in the distance, though its shape is largely indistinguishable through the smoke.]*

**Tolmony:** Shit! Maybe I won't have to stop Alexander myself after all if that's—

*[A beam of energy pierces the smoke and strikes the figure. It collapses a moment later. The sky begins to turn to a more natural hue.]*

**Tolmony:** Oh.

*[Dr. Tolmony mutters something inaudible and begins to sprint toward the site.]*

*[After several minutes of running, she arrives to an open gate and slows down as she approaches the door. She knocks several times.]*

**Tolmony:** Uhm, is someone there? I, uh— I need to talk to someone.

*[A moment passes, then the door is cracked ajar. A man peers out, though little more than his eye is visible.]*

**Unknown:** Who the hell are you? Don't get a lot of stragglers out here.

*[The man squints at Dr. Tolmony.]*

**Unknown:** The hell's with your— Hey, you're gonna have to try harder if you wanna—!

*[The door bursts open. The man is in full tactical gear and armed with a rifle.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony stumbles and falls backward. The man levels his rifle to her forehead.]*

**Tolmony:** Wait! Wait, I— I'm not from here! It's not—

*[Suddenly, the man lowers his gun.]*

**Unknown:** You've got a pair of those glasses. You're like him.

*[Dr. Tolmony stammers and doesn't manage to speak any intelligible words.]*

**Unknown:** Sorry, sorry. Get yourself up. Come inside.

*[Dr. Tolmony clears her throat and slowly gets to her feet.]*

**Tolmony:** Uhm, thank you, uh...

**Unknown:** Marshal. You can call me Marshal.

**Tolmony:** Thank you, Marshal, sir.

**Marshal:** Eh, spare me the honorifics. I about shot you anyway. Dunno what you're thanking me for.

**Tolmony:** I— I guess, yeah. Uh, I'm Dr. Tolmony.

**Marshal:** Uh huh. Well met.

*[Dr. Tolmony follows Marshal inside. A few people sit at tables arranged within the main portion of the hangar. There are tire tracks in an otherwise empty area in front of the main hangar door, and most people present are dressed in tactical gear.]*

**Marshal:** What's up with your chest anyway?

**Tolmony:** Er— Long story, but, uh, it was like, I guess a romance thing?

**Tolmony:** That, uh, sounds weird, I know. Used to glow warm when it was around, but, uh...

**Tolmony:** My partner had to uh, leave. It's... been this empty hole ever since.

*[Marshal gives Dr. Tolmony an odd look but quickly averts his gaze.]*

**Marshal:** Well, long as you're not the type of freak who's trying to end the world, I don't think any of us have the time to care.

**Marshal:** Alexander's out on a defensive patrol. Missiles aren't easy to come by these days and don't always work, but what he's got in his hands does the job fine.

**Marshal:** Course, since he showed up, we've been getting more attention than we'd like, but he handles it.

**Tolmony:** Er...

**Marshal:** You with him?

**Tolmony:** It's, uh, complicated... We used to be coworkers at our world's Foundation—

**Marshal:** Your world's?

**Tolmony:** Did he... not tell you that part?

**Marshal:** Don't think anyone asked. He proved his usefulness. None of us wanted to pry.

**Tolmony:** Huh.

*[Marshal takes a seat at a table near several similarly dressed people.]*

**Unknown:** Hey, Marsh, who'd you drag in?

**Marshal:** Hell if I know just yet, but she's got the glasses.

**Unknown:** Yeah, I can see that!

**Tolmony:** I don't mean to, uh, be the uh— bearer of bad news, but...

**Marshal:** It was bound to catch up to us eventually.

**Tolmony:** It's just— Alexander's up to something. I don't really know what, but it involves, uh, this temple, it—

*[Dr. Tolmony is cut off as the hangar doors open.]*

*[An APC enters the building, followed by a jeep.]*

**Unknown:** Looks like he's back!

**Unknown:** You kill that thing?

**Unknown:** He wouldn't be back if he didn't, would he?

*[Several men exit both vehicles, including Alexander.]*

*[Alexander approaches the group with a smile.]*

**Alexander:** You can consider your problem with that thing over. Went as smooth as—

*[Alexander stops. His eyes land on Dr. Tolmony.]*

**Alexander:** Tolmony. You've been keeping up, then? I didn't expect to see you here.

**Marshal:** So you two're coworkers and all?

**Marshal:** What's this scheme she's trying to tell us about?

*[Alexander pauses for a moment.]*

**Alexander:** She's been chasing me a while. Seemed... devoted, if you hear me.

**Alexander:** Unless she's had some sudden... change of heart... I'm sure she's here to lie about my allegiances.

**Tolmony:** Excuse me?

**Alexander:** Last we met, she tried to take my weapon from me and my life. She's not as big a fan of deicide, you see.

**Tolmony:** You're full of shit! You're just going to—

*[There's sounds of motion as several of the armed men stand and reach for their weapons.]*

**Alexander:** I'm not sure where you mean, Tolmony. I extended a hand to you, but now that I'm here, you're just—

*[The scene changes abruptly. The hanger is now entirely empty, save for Dr. Tolmony and Alexander.]*

**Tolmony:** If you think I'm going to just— sit there and let you lie through your fucking teeth, I—

**Alexander:** Tolmony, Tolmony. How determined are you to uphold these systems?

**Tolmony:** We both know you're being reckless with more lives than—

*[Dr. Tolmony turns slightly as she's speaking and reaches toward a strap on her backpack.]*

**Alexander:** Looking for this?

*[Dr. Tolmony turns back to Alexander. He's holding a survival knife and has a slight grin.]*

**Alexander:** Hm, do we have the same tastes in blade shape or is this not quite a coincidence, Tolmony?

**Tolmony:** Uh... Shit... Listen, I just—

**Alexander:** Hm?

*[Dr. Tolmony lunges for Alexander and and attempts to pry the knife from his hand.]*

*[Alexander pushes Dr. Tolmony off of himself. He kicks her back to make space, though he isn't able to apply much force from their relative positions. Alexander then slashes at Dr. Tolmony as she stumbles back. Dr. Tolmony cries out in pain.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony holds up her hands and keeps her distance while Alexander brandishes the knife.]*

**Alexander:** Not a fan of playing fair, are you? But you look like a scared kitten once things take a turn against you, Tolmony.

**Tolmony:** You know damn well this has never been a fair fight!

*[Alexander steps closer.]*

**Alexander:** Perhaps it hasn't been.

*[Dr. Tolmony continues to backpedal. She backs up a bit, near the start of a window by the personnel door.]*

*[Alexander reaches up to his temple. Little immediately changes, but a pile of metal posts appears in a corner of the room along with some assorted spent rations and the lighting takes a slightly more orange hue.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony ducks pre-emptively, and in the next moment, Alexander swings the back end of the knife at where Dr. Tolmony was a moment ago.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony flees away from the window while Alexander steadies himself from the missed swing.]*

**Tolmony:** Fucking bastard— Upper hand and that's how you want to make me go out!

*[Dr. Tolmony moves for a corner of the room where she retrieves a metal post and brandishes it as a weapon.]*

*[Alexander approaches again. He grapples with the metal post while Dr. Tolmony uses it to fend him off. Dr. Tolmony strikes and prods at him quickly, and Alexander can't quite keep up with one hand occupied by the knife.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony catches Alexander's knife with the post, and he's forced to drop it to catch her swinging back at him again.]*

**Tolmony:** Do you want to make that many people suffer?

*[Now having Alexander disarmed, Dr. Tolmony begins to advance on her opponent. Alexander grows more confident in blocking and handling Dr. Tolmony's makeshift weapon.]*

**Alexander:** Who's to say they will? You wouldn't be here if you were afraid to take a little leap of faith.

**Tolmony:** You're a fucking clown— Listen to yourself!

*[Dr. Tolmony backs Alexander a short way across the room. His steps gradually near the patch of sunlight. He finally gets a good grip on Dr. Tolmony's blunt weapon, and she's only able to free it after a short back and forth over it.]*

**Alexander:** And here you are attacking me with the first metal stick you find again. You don't learn, either, Tolmony.

**Tolmony:** Do I?

*[Dr. Tolmony casts the post aside and rushes forward.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony shoves Alexander toward the patch of sunlight. He stops short of it with a pained grimace, and his back arches further with his momentum before he fully catches himself and darts away. An upright metal post is left behind him in the previously clear path he'd been shoved in. It clatters to the ground.]*

**Alexander:** I think this has gone on enough, Tolmony. I'm sorry we couldn't find a middle ground.

**Tolmony:** What do you—

*[Alexander hurls an empty tin can toward Dr. Tolmony. The camera's position shifts backward a short distance, and Dr. Tolmony's arms raise momentarily.]*

**Tolmony:** A soup can? What are you— Wait— Hey!

*[Alexander holds up a second pair of SCP-9669 and waves before reaching for his temple and vanishing from sight.]*

**Tolmony:** Alexander, you fucking—

**Tolmony:** He just— He—

*[There is silence for a moment. Dr. Tolmony backs toward a wall and slumps down.]*

**Tolmony:** Goddamnit.

**Tolmony:** He fucking left me here. Just— Oh God.

*[Heavy sniffles are heard that gradually turn to sobs.]*

**Tolmony:** I knew something like this was going to happen. I'm so fucking— [Unintelligible]

*[Dr. Tolmony begins to weep, though she only chokes out occasional, quieter sounds.]*

**Tolmony:** Stop— No— Can't be heard— I'll... I'll figure—

**Tolmony:** I'm going to die here. Or worse.

*[Dr. Tolmony sobs into her hands for nearly a half hour.]*

**Tolmony:** Fuck.

**Tolmony:** What's even the point?

**Tolmony:** I guess I can— At least see how long I have. If nothing out there finds me.

*[Dr. Tolmony removes her backpack and opens it. She sniffles, and her breathing grows more steady as she sorts through its contents.]*

**Tolmony:** These are rations for probably, like...

**Tolmony:** I guess I have a month maybe, before I get to just sit here and starve myself— Starve myself and wait for something to— God fucking—

*[Dr. Tolmony sighs.]*

**Tolmony:** Okay. Just— Let's see what else we have.

**Tolmony:** Maybe the rations will last longer anyway. I've never been good at estimating these things.

**Tolmony:** The slash wound he gave me seems pretty superficial, luckily, but...

*[Dr. Tolmony takes a piece of bandage from the roll in her backpack and applies it to herself.]*

**Tolmony:** Should help, just in case.

*[Dr. Tolmony breathes somewhat unsteadily for a moment.]*

**Tolmony:** Shit, the knife, I have that.

*[Dr. Tolmony moves forward and retrieves the survival knife from the floor.]*

**Tolmony:** I don't think it's... really that much use right now anyway.

**Tolmony:** I guess opening the ration packs will be easier.

**Tolmony:** Maybe— Maybe Alexander will come back for me. If he sets off his plan and survives.

**Tolmony:** If I'm still alive by then. If he bothers to remember by then—

**Tolmony:** He wouldn't just— He wouldn't leave me here, would he?

**Tolmony:** I say that like he didn't try to kill me before.

*[Dr. Tolmony takes a deep breath.]*

**Tolmony:** I guess... Worst case scenario...

*[Dr. Tolmony inspects the knife and turns it in her hand.]*

**Tolmony:** There's worse ways to cut starvation short.

*[Dr. Tolmony sighs.]*

[EXTRANEOUS FOOTAGE REMOVED]

*[Dr. Tolmony is quietly singing something to herself.]*

**Tolmony:** ...hope next time you'll stay...

**Tolmony:** ...even just one more—

*[Dr. Tolmony stifles a scream.]*

**Tolmony:** Wait— I don't want— Please— I—

*[Dr. Tolmony turns. A middle-aged man in a trench coat is knelt on one knee beside her. Subject is presumed to be PoI-0000, henceforth referred to as Nobody. Nobody wears an instance of SCP-9669. Further details of the subject's appearance are indiscernible due to the dim lighting of the room.]*

**Nobody:** You have my apologies for my elusiveness thus far, Dr. Tolmony, and for the startle.

*[Dr. Tolmony takes a moment to catch her breath.]*

**Tolmony:** Er— Yeah, I— So you... You're that voice.

*[Nobody nods.]*

**Nobody:** You know who I am. It's not an easy prospect to show my hand, much less the rest of me.

**Nobody:** I've been around, though. I have my means. And I'm sure you'll trust that I have your best interests in mind.

**Tolmony:** Don't exactly have options outside of trusting you, but... What do you plan to do for me anyway? And... why?

**Nobody:** Dr. Tolmony, you're a brilliant woman. You've deduced the answer to the latter many times over.

**Nobody:** What Alexander is going to do is going to cause calamity even I cannot predict.

**Nobody:** But I'm not in a position to handle these things myself. I hope you'll understand.

**Tolmony:** Not— Not really. As in, like, why you can't, but uhm— I'd like to help. Uh, obviously.

**Nobody:** You can rack your brains to put my situation in an itemized list another time. Right now, just know I can't push anything far myself.

**Nobody:** But I can do something small and simple. Something like hand over these.

*[Nobody removes his instance of SCP-9669 and holds it out to Dr. Tolmony.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony reaches out slowly to take them. She holds them and inspects them carefully.]*

**Tolmony:** Do you just— Have some other mysterious way out?

**Nobody:** You and I both wish.

**Tolmony:** Then why— Why give these to me? Alexander's just— kicked my ass and slipped away every time I've tried to confront him. Am I really your best bet? That you'd leave yourself here of all places for that?

**Nobody:** Don't make it sound so bleak.

**Tolmony:** It feels it.

**Nobody:** This isn't self-sacrifice, Dr. Tolmony. I have faith you won't leave me here.

**Tolmony:** I mean— Obviously I wouldn't, but I need to stop him first.

**Nobody:** Then do it.

**Tolmony:** Yeah, that's gone so well for me so far...

**Nobody:** Dr. Tolmony, tell me what Alexander's end goal is.

**Tolmony:** He's going to that temple. Grabbing that tablet. And... I don't know how he plans to do it, but he wants to write something on it for himself.

**Nobody:** There you have it, don't you? Get there first.

**Nobody:** Stop playing fair, Doctor. He isn't, either.

*[A moment passes in silence.]*

**Tolmony:** You're sure you'll be alright here?

**Nobody:** Long as these rations last me. Keep the knife, though, and the bandages.

**Nobody:** Nothing out there will know I'm here. I can promise you that.

**Tolmony:** Okay. I'll— I'll come back.

**Nobody:** I know you will.

*[Dr. Tolmony equips the instance of SCP-9669. She reaches one hand to her temple, and the scene abruptly changes.]*

*[The camera's view is of the inside of a near identical hangar, though it is in less of a state of disrepair. It still appears abandoned.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony stands and dusts herself off. She holds a survival knife in one hand.]*

**Tolmony:** Okay... Okay.

**Tolmony:** Guess this is it, then.

*[Dr. Tolmony suddenly looks down toward where the camera is pinned to her chest.]*

**Tolmony:** I left this stupid thing on again, didn't I?

**Tolmony:** Well, I'll have a hell of a story to tell. Guess it doesn't hurt to save the moment.

*[Dr. Tolmony walks to the window and looks outside. The tarmac is empty. Weeds grow through cracks in the asphault. The fence around the premeter only has a few portions still standing.]*

**Tolmony:** But I guess this isn't the most interesting part to record.

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

### Mission Report Recovered from PR-D2

---

**Operation:** N/A

**Date:** 9/19/2025

---

Col. Abraham, reporting on an upcoming operation. And the state of things, I guess. To hell with it.

This Alexander fellow's gotten the Administrator's approval for something. Wants to go to Brazil somewhere. Says some deity there's going to become a really big problem if we don't go stuff it now.

Hell if I know how he's suppose to know that or why she believes him, but the Administrator's word still goes at the end of the day. And we all still like him anyhow, even if we've all started to notice holes in his stories.

Administrator probably knows the whole story. I'd hope so. She seems to trust him.

Guess we're really putting the command structure back in place. Maybe that should give me some hope.

Well, either way, we're off tomorrow. Gonna be a hell of a trip. Few enough of us here, we're all making a convoy to make a site near the location of interest our temporary base of operations. Can't spread ourselves any thinner.

Everyone seems in good spirits. I guess you get stuck hunkering down here so long, you're always going to look forward to a change of scenery. Especially now that we have the means to go out again and defend ourselves, to some extent.

This decrepit hangar's not much of a Site-01 anyway. I think the designation was supposed to make us feel more secure here. Nobody really bought it. Some nowhere hellhole how far out from the crater that used to be Dallas. 

The only reason we survived this long is nothing almighty enough bothered to check.

Never thought this war would go on this long, but it never really was one, was it? I guess I just thought the apocalypse would've choosen its flavor by now.

Either we're luckier bastards than we thought or someone out there's keeping it waiting.

I'll leave this here. I'm not writing anything useful at this point. Marshal's nagging me to go help pack anyway.

Col. Abraham signing off.

### Mission Report Recovered from PR-D2

---

**Operation:** Fuck

**Date:** Does it fucking matter?

---

It's Marshal. Abraham's dead. They're all fucking dead. That fucking bastard.

Few days ago we rode out to that fucking middle of nowhere temple to poke a hornet's nest because that snake told us to. He walks in alone. Takes that giant gun thing with him. We think he's just gotten a big head, but we figure it's a big head he's earned and let him go. Not like we're much use anyway.

Some fucking ancient god of who gives a fuck follows him back out. Walks right through all the fences and shit set up by whatever Foundation outpost however many years ago. And there's that piece of shit beneath him strolling out without a care.

That thing tore us apart. I think I'm the only one left. Guess it thought I was dead or my injuries would do it later. It just said "follow your promise" or something to him in this deep voice, and the traitor walks off and takes one of the only jeeps that wasn't trashed.

Don't know how long I waited, but I think whatever it was left or went dormant or just disappeared or I dont fucking know it was gone and I hopped in the first piece of junk I could make run and floored it.

I arrived a few minutes ago to 505, the shitty nowhere site we set up in for this whole clusterfuck. She's dead. The Administrator's fucking dead.

The ones who're left told me he walked in like nothing was wrong, asked to talk to her in private. Someone finally noticed something was up and barged in to find her on the ground and the window wide open.

Wish I'd have seen him leave. I'd have put a bullet in his head on the spot.

So if anyone's left out there to find our bodies when something or another wipes this shithole off the map, let my final tesimony be this: If you meet an Alexander Swath, put that fucker in the ground with the rest of us.

### Camera Log Retrieved from Dr. Ross Tolmony (09)

**Date:** 10/03/2025

**Start time:** 07:22

---

<details>
<summary>⮞ Display Camera Log</summary>

[BEGIN LOG]

*[The shape of a large, stone pyramid is visible in the middle distance. The sky is clear and blue. There are minimal signs of other people. Dr. Tolmony walks forward through thick foliage toward it.]*

**Tolmony:** Christ. Never was an outdoorsman.

**Tolmony:** Okay. Okay.

**Tolmony:** I'm uh, in A2 right now. For the record. Long and not terribly interesting story how I got here. Learned how to ride a horse, I guess. Lot of headache mapping shit out through public transit between like four different realities.

*[Dr. Tolmony uses a survival knife to cut through foliage in her way. Doing so often takes several successive batoning motions.]*

**Tolmony:** But here we are. Didn't get eaten by anything out here on the way. Albeit it I cut it closer than I'd like with a huge snake... It doesn't matter.

*[Dr. Tolmony approaches the base of the pyramid. She begins to climb a set of stairs toward the top.]*

**Tolmony:** With any luck, nothing too bad's here in A2. And, uh, I guess I'm just banking on the deity in D2 not being home.

**Tolmony:** A bit late to go back now, so that's about as much of a plan as I have.

*[Dr. Tolmony sighs and grumbles as she ascends the stairs.]*

**Tolmony:** Maybe I should be more freaked out right now, but fuck it, right?

**Tolmony:** If I weren't capable enough... or lucky enough... I'd already be dead a few dozen times over.

*[Dr. Tolmony brandishes her knife and runs a finger along either side of its edge to clean off portions of plant matter on it.]*

**Tolmony:** Him or me. That's just what I have to remember, isn't it?

*[Dr. Tolmony falls silent. She reaches the top of the pyramid and steps into an open plaza covered by a small stone structure. All four sides of the structure are completely open except for one. An altar sits against the singular wall. It is empty.]*

*[The scene abruptly changes. The sky becomes darker and is blanketed with circling thunderclouds. Foundation installations in states of disrepair or outright destruction litter the area. Many gates and security features are torn open from the inside. At the base of the pyramid, an assortment of totaled military vehicles are strewn throughout the area. Several corpses in tactical gear are visible.]*

**Tolmony:** Christ, did he do this? Or did whatever was here just go for a stroll?

**Tolmony:** Well, whatever it is, I don't see it anywhere.

*[Dr. Tolmony moves into a shadowed corner by the lone wall near the altar. A stone tablet now sits atop it.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony finds a place to hide behind a stack of metal supply crates in a dark corner. Most of the crates are dented in places.]*

**Tolmony:** This is it... Now I just... Wait.

[EXTRANEOUS FOOTAGE REMOVED]

*[The distant sound of an engine becomes audible before stopping some distance away.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony adjusts her posture slightly and prepares her knife. Her hands shake slightly.]*

*[Several minutes pass in silence.]*

*[Footsteps become audible and grow in volume.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony leans around the edge of the crates. Alexander is visible approaching the altar. His expression is unreadable in the low light.]*

*[Alexander looks around the room for a moment. He doesn't seem to notice Dr. Tolmony. He then approaches the altar.]*

**Alexander:** Here it is. Finally.

*[Alexander places one hand on the tablet.]*

**Alexander:** Kept its end of the bargain. I kept mine. And here we are.

*[Alexander reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small, handheld device with a stylized W on the side.]*

**Alexander:** Thing's indestructible, I hear. But not tamper proof.

*[Dr. Tolmony begins to step out of her hiding place. She moves as quietly as she can manage.]*

*[Alexander presses the device to the surface. It makes a buzzing sound then goes quiet.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony creeps closer.]*

*[Alexander wipes away the writings on the surface of the tablet, which vanish like indents in putty under his palm.]*

*[Alexander moves a finger to start writing something new.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony lunges toward Alexander with the knife raised.]*

*[Alexander shouts. Dr. Tolmony tackles him to the ground and plunges the knife into his side. She pulls it back out and swings it toward his neck, but he catches her by the wrist at the last moment.]*

**Alexander:** Who the—

*[Alexander rolls to the side and uses both hands to hold back Dr. Tolmony's knife-wielding arm. His expression changes to shock then a slight smile when he recognizes Dr. Tolmony.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony strains against him and moves her free hand to try to unsteady his grip.]*

**Alexander:** Tolmony. I guess— You really didn't want to take my gamble, huh?

*[Dr. Tolmony only grunts in frustration.]*

**Alexander:** You had a second pair, then? Suppose I should've checked. Was wondering where those went.

**Tolmony:** No, Alexander. I just had— A bit of help.

*[Dr. Tolmony suddenly moves back and uses the force of Alexander trying to push her arm away to stand and wrench her wrist free.]*

*[Alexander takes the opportuinty to push Dr. Tolmony back further and get to his feet. His posture is slightly hunched, and he's visibly bleeding from his side.]*

*[Alexander holds out a hand. He curls his fingers a few times, as if expecting something to happen, then looks up. Dr. Tolmony is moving for the tablet.]*

**Alexander:** Wait a second—

*[Alexander goes after her, but Dr. Tolmony reaches it first.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony reaches the tablet and takes it. She turns to face Alexander while backpedaling. She stops when her back hits solid stone in the nook between the wall by the altar and a rectangular stone pillar holding up the ceiling.]*

*[Alexander approaches Dr. Tolmony despite a noticable limp and reaches into his pocket.]*

**Alexander:** Tolmony. What are you planning to do with that thing? Where do you think you can take it that I won't follow? You know it's indestructible.

*[Alexander pulls a pistol from his pocket.]*

**Alexander:** You can stop here, Tolmony. Hand it over.

**Alexander:** We've done a lot to each other, but if you drop the chase, you can go.

*[Alexander holds up his pistol and steadies his aim on Dr. Tolmony.]*

**Alexander:** You had a good run, really. You're tenacious. But your escapade ends here, Tolmony, one way or another. Consider your options.

**Tolmony:** Alexander, you know what that Wondertainment gizmo you bargained for does, but do you know why it was recalled?

**Alexander:** What are you—

**Tolmony:** Multiple building collapses when it was applied to loadbearing walls.

**Tolmony:** In other words, the things it's applied to— They become pretty fragile.

*[Dr. Tolmony swings the tablet hard against the stone wall. It shatters to pieces.]*

*[Several seconds pass in silence.]*

*[Alexander lowers his weapon.]*

*[A moment passes. The wind howls.]*

**Alexander:** Tolmony... Tolmony...

*[Alexander laughs slightly.]*

**Alexander:** Well, you got me.

*[Alexander slumps to his knees and drops the pistol at his side.]*

*[A small pool of blood grows where Alexander kneels.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony relaxes her whiteknuckle grip on her knife. She lowers her weapon and moves forward.]* 

*[Dr. Tolmony kneels beside Alexander and retrieves a roll of bandages from her pocket.]*

**Tolmony:** Hey, here, uh.

*[Alexander wordlessly removes his vest. He attempts to take off his buttonup shirt, though his movements appear weak.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony uses her knife to cut through the buttons and remove the shirt herself. She begins applying bandages to Alexander's wound.]*

**Alexander:** That shirt wasn't cheap, you know.

*[Alexander smiles and stifles a chuckle. Dr. Tolmony lets out a single laugh.]*

*[Dr. Tolmony finishes bandaging Alexander's side.]*

**Tolmony:** You think this'll hold?

**Alexander:** I've lived through worse. Hurts like a bitch, though.

**Tolmony:** Er, yeah... Sorry about that.

**Alexander:** You could've done worse. I would've in your shoes.

**Tolmony:** Eh, I'm not sure about that. But whatever. It's— What's done is done, right?

**Alexander:** Not much I can do now.

*[Dr. Tolmony sits beside Alexander.]*

**Tolmony:** Yeah, uh... Guess this is it, isn't it?

**Tolmony:** This all went on so long, I... even at the end I wasn't sure I'd do it.

**Alexander:** Well, here you are.

**Tolmony:** Yeah. Yeah, here I am.

**Tolmony:** Our lives are fucked now.

**Alexander:** I see this as more of a neutral change, really.

**Alexander:** You weren't happy before anyway, were you?

**Tolmony:** No. No, I— I always just thought I wanted to settle down. Rest.

**Tolmony:** Feels like that ship has sailed. But I guess it did a long time ago.

*[Alexander points at Dr. Tolmony's chest.]*

**Alexander:** When you got that?

**Tolmony:** I mean, yeah, but not for the reasons you're probably thinking. I— You know how 81 is. Remote enough I could still live at home close to the site. Just had to take some precautions to protect the veil during my commute. I was never the most social anyway.

**Tolmony:** The weird hole in my chest happened from a lover. It, uh, wasn't from any world I know about. Pretty large, not really human, but it... cared.

**Tolmony:** I guess I'll spare you the details, but there was an unrelated breach, the uh, blackout incident, you probably heard of it.

**Alexander:** I was there for it, Tolmony. I was just in a different sector at the time.

**Tolmony:** Right, well... I took it home with me. Phalanx. It has a name.

**Alexander:** You loved this 'Phalanx' but still refer to them like an object?

**Tolmony:** That's just, uh, how it preferred being talked about, I guess.

**Tolmony:** Couldn't stay forever, though. It was just— I would've been implicated, so it...

**Tolmony:** Staged me aiding a patrol in recapturing it. Throw off the scent, I guess.

**Tolmony:** Haven't really felt... cared for much since.

**Alexander:** Hm. I assume you don't share that too much?

**Tolmony:** I'm a fan of not being executed, so, uh, yeah.

**Alexander:** I have my own regrets. With all of this.

**Alexander:** And I guess it was for nothing now.

**Tolmony:** What did you even... do?

**Alexander:** Those men down there are the same as the ones you were sitting with last time we met, Tolmony.

**Alexander:** This world was doomed anyway, so I...

**Tolmony:** Christ, man.

**Alexander:** The tablet doesn't lie, Doctor.

**Tolmony:** Well, it doesn't say anything now.

**Alexander:** I guess not.

**Alexander:** It's all I can do to make amends and move on. But I don't expect forgiveness here.

**Alexander:** I don't deserve it, either.

**Alexander:** Their Administrator was humanity's hope in this world. I put her down myself as my bargain to get that tablet.

**Tolmony:** Fuck. You really were hellbent on that plan.

*[Alexander nods and bears a solemn expression.]*

**Alexander:** I just wanted the still living worlds to be better ones. That's all.

**Alexander:** If the tablet is destroyed, and this world is still so... You know...

**Alexander:** Maybe I'll return when this injury's healed. I'm one guy, I can't fix this mess, but... Maybe I could get some people out of it.

**Alexander:** Not working with the Foundation anymore mind you, not that they would agree anyway after... Just, even under the circumstances of this world... I'd prefer to work individually.

*[Alexander sighs.]*

**Alexander:** You know what you're going to do now?

**Tolmony:** Well, first and foremost, I have someone to thank for my continued existence who's trapped in a hangar in D1 right now.

**Alexander:** Who's that?

**Tolmony:** Nobody.

**Alexander:** Hm?

**Tolmony:** As in, the guy named Nobody, the— You know what I mean. Don't act coy.

*[Alexander nods.]*

**Alexander:** I guess you'll want these, then?

*[Alexander retrieves SCP-9669-2 from his pocket and hands it to Dr. Tolmony.]*

**Tolmony:** Yeah. Uh, thanks.

*[There's silence for a moment.]*

**Tolmony:** I guess I have one other friend to pay a visit to as well. Not much better to do.

**Tolmony:** I'm going to need time to figure out where to even go after all this.

**Alexander:** If you'd like a hand keeping yourself somewhere safe, it's the least I can do after all I put you through.

**Tolmony:** Despite everything... I wouldn't mind staying in touch.

**Alexander:** I was half expecting someone from the Foundation to try hunting me down. Wasn't expecting that someone to be a friend by the end of things.

**Tolmony:** Well, take what you can get, right?

**Alexander:** All you can do.

*[Several moments pass in silence.]*

**Alexander:** Well, I've got enough gas to get us to the nearest town if we're lucky.

**Alexander:** Let's just...

**Tolmony:** Yeah. No use sitting here. You're gonna need stitches at the least.

**Alexander:** No kidding.

*[Dr. Tolmony stands and offers Alexander a hand getting up.]*

**Tolmony:** You can lean on me if you want. It's, uh, whole lot of steps to climb down.

*[Dr. Tolmony coughs then looks down. She reaches to turn off the camera.]*

[END LOG]

</details>

@@ @@

Dr. Tolmony was apprehended at a ranch in rural Oklaholma, PR-A1 on 10/08/2025 as part of a joint investigatory effort into Incident 9669-82225 by the Foundation and its counterparts in PR-A1 and PR-D3. Subject surrendered without incident and has offered testimony regarding her role in Incident 9669-82225 as well as several documents and video logs pertaining to it. Full interview and disciplinary hearing are to be conducted 10/11/2025 following comprehensive assessment.

SCP-9669-5 has been secured. Containment procedures for SCP-9669 are currently under review.

**Addendum 9669.1010:**

Dr. Tolmony was reported missing from her cell on the morning of 10/10/2025. The following is an excerpt of security footage from Dr. Tolmony's cell during the night prior.

### Security Footage Log, Site-81 Detention Center

**Date:** 10/09/2025

---

[BEGIN LOG]

23:47 *[Dr. Tolmony is seated in Cell A37.]*

23:47 **Unknown:** Dr. Tolmony.

23:47 *[Dr. Tolmony looks toward the camera's blindspot.]*

23:48 **Tolmony:** Oh! You, uhm. Hey...

23:48 **Unknown:** All that, and you end up back here?

23:48 **Unknown:** Is this what you wanted, Doctor?

23:48 **Tolmony:** ...I'm not sure where I am between being given an award and put back to work and being executed.

23:49 **Tolmony:** I think there's people higher in the chain who want to cover their tracks for enabling Alexander, though. They might uhm, one of them spoke to me about— I probably shouldn't say. You get the idea.

23:50 **Unknown:** And is that what you want? Will you be happy if you win that chance?

23:51 *[Dr. Tolmony steps toward the camera's blindspot. most of her body becomes obscured from view.]*

23:52 *[Dr. Tolmony vanishes entirely.]*

[END LOG]

<< [SCP-9668](SCP-9668) | SCP-9669 | [SCP-9670](SCP-9670) >>
