**SCP-9505**: Joint Vigil

*Word count: 833 words*

**Author:** [feathersnake](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/feathersnake)

**Special Containment Procedures:** CCTV footage of all SCP-9505 manifestations is to be sent to the SCP-9505 catalogue project at Site-19. Corpses resulting from SCP-9505 manifestations are to be brought to the site morgue as soon as possible by personnel in Level-A Hazardous Materials gear. Following an SCP-9505 manifestation, the researcher present at the location and the room in which the manifestation took place are to be processed according to protocol 9505-Alpha by the site decontamination team. Any remains discovered resembling SCP-9505 entities are to be reported to the nearest site director immediately for transfer to Site-19.

**Description:** SCP-9505 is a group of four entities which have manifested on multiple occasions inside Foundation sites. The entities have been designated SCP-9505-1, -2, -3, and -4. During manifestations, they emit electromagnetic interference which causes video footage and sound recordings to distort and become unclear.

* **SCP-9505-1** has the appearance of a woman of indeterminate age, approximately 1.7 metres in height. This entity wears a tight-fitting black cowl and a blindfold over a flesh-toned mask on her head, and a floor-length black-and-white garment decorated with lozenge and diamond lattice patterns.

* **SCP-9505-2** is a being approximately 2.4 metres in height, which manifests fully covered in a hooded brown robe. Close examination of the shadowed facial area under image enhancement has revealed that the head inside is absent or invisible.

* **SCP-9505-3** and **-4** are two beings approximately 1 metre in height, anatomically reminiscent of penguins, though with a maniraptoran-like skull and scalloped headgear including a veil.

In each recorded instance of manifestation, the SCP-9505 entities will appear in a room with a Foundation researcher who is working alone, typically around 1-2 a.m. local time. In the majority of cases, one or more human corpses will manifest in front of these entities. The four entities will bow to the researcher, and then demanifest, leaving the corpses behind.

Initial studies of the corpses revealed no consistent cause of death. Of the initial ten recovered bodies, the following causes of death were recorded:

* Death by falling into a hard surface at terminal velocity

* Death by consumption of an uncharacterised toxic molecule, which had dysregulated cellular metabolism, causing the subject to die of hyperthermia

* Death by exposure to a gradient of senescence, such that the subject's head region had decayed due to ageing while the torso was that of an adult and the legs were those of an infant

* Death by the transformation of the majority of organic molecules in the subject's body into diamond

* Death by the eruption of an unknown organism residing inside the skull outwards through the right eye socket

* Death by topological inversion

* Death by compression of the subject's body to one molecule of thickness (corpse manifested rolled into a cylinder)

* Death by unknown causes (3)

In each case, a white fractal object made of a non-terrestrial silk-like protein was placed on the subject's body in a manner consistent across all instances, located above their centre of mass. 

On 1992/03/22, an SCP-9505 manifestation caused the appearance of a body where the subject could be identified through the use of genetic and dental records. Researchers were able to verify this as the corpse of Dr. Gene Hallow, who had been presumed deceased since 1978/09/10 during an exploration of Dimension τ-13. Subject's body manifested in a state of minimal decomposition, but of advanced age compared to his last known appearance. Autopsy discovered injuries consistent with an impact from the bludgeoning limbs of organism τ-13-004.

Following this incident, the corpses of 132 Foundation staff members presumed lost in the field, 349 identified civilians, and 560 unidentified other persons have manifested with SCP-9505.

**Addendum 9505-1:** On 2019/06/17, Dr. Susannah Foley discovered the remains of an organism resembling SCP-9505-3 and -4 near the Foundation outpost on Îles de Boynes, part of the Kerguelen archipelago in the Antarctic circle. These remains were designated SCP-9505-5, autopsied, and brought to Site-19. After receiving Directorial permission, Dr. Foley remained with the object in an otherwise empty office until 01:47 a.m., whereupon SCP-9505-1, -2, -3, and -4 manifested approximately 2 metres from SCP-9505-5.

Upon manifestation, the four living SCP-9505 instances bowed to Dr. Foley. SCP-9505-1 then approached the remains and placed a white fractal object upon it identical to those found on recovered human corpses. SCP-9505-2 produced a length of the same silk-like material and began winding it around SCP-9505-5, beginning at the head and moving towards the feet. During this process, SCP-9505-3 and -4 alternated in producing a quiet, low-frequency vocalisation. 

Once SCP-9505-2 had finished winding the material around 9505-5, the four entities positioned themselves at cardinal points around the remains and bowed once towards 9505-5, then towards Dr. Foley, and then towards their neighbour in a clockwise direction. SCP-9505-1 then bowed once more to Dr. Foley, who bowed backThis was not established protocol at the time. During her debrief, Dr. Foley reported that this was done as she felt that it would have been impolite not to reciprocate.. All SCP-9505 instances then demanifested simultaneously.

As of 2026/01/29, SCP-9505 has manifested 1,821 times accompanied by human corpse, and 8 times upon the delivery of SCP-9505-like instances by Foundation personnel.

<< [SCP-9504](SCP-9504) | SCP-9505 | [SCP-9506](SCP-9506) >>

> **Name:** Masked_Woman_MET_DP804947.jpg

> **Author:** [Serge Sudeikin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serge_Sudeikin)

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Masked_Woman_MET_DP804947.jpg)

> **Name:** Two_female_penguins_MET_DP804810.jpg

> **Author:** [Serge Sudeikin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serge_Sudeikin)

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Two_female_penguins_MET_DP804810.jpg)
