**Item #:** SCP-9724

 

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ Neutralized

 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9724 has displayed no anomalous properties following Event-9724-A. As such, no further containment procedures are necessary.

 

<details>
<summary>+ Show Archived Containment Procedures</summary>

~~SCP-9724 has been bought by a Foundation front and declared condemned. All windows have been boarded up in order to more effectively conceal SCP-9724's anomalous properties. Access to the property is to be dissuaded by force if necessary. SCP-9724-1 is to be monitored for any changes in demeanor.~~

</details>

 

 

**Description:** SCP-9724 refers to a small abandoned house situated at the outskirts of Hammond, Indiana. The dwelling shows signs of deterioration, with severe structural damage present throughout the building. A rusted plaque near the house's entrance is thought to have at one point displayed an inscription, although the original text is illegible. The building contains three rooms, including a storage unit and the room that housed SCP-9724-1 at the time of discovery. The structure contains no windows or natural lighting sources.

SCP-9724's main anomalous property is a mild mind-altering effect that makes any non-baseline individual see their own reflection in every surface, including opaque and non-mirrored materials. Debriefing suggests that the reflection is always slightly altered, although the specifics vary. These alterations cause distress to the individual. The effect breaks down around SCP-9724-1, showing instead reflections of the entity.

 

SCP-9724-1 is an amorphous and undifferentiated mass of human tissue weighing approximately 150 kilograms. Psychoforensic analysis has found that it at one point was conscious, although the entity possesses no capacity to communicate. The area surrounding SCP-9724-1 displays a Hume reading below that of baseline reality.

 

**Discovery:** SCP-9724 was first discovered during a review of anomalous structures in old Foundation records, which led to the discovery of SCP-9724-1. Foundation operatives quickly secured the area and searched the building. Following a search of the building, several documents thought to be related to SCP-9724-1 were found in the house's storage room, although the environmental conditions have rendered most of the documentation illegible. Relevant documentation is filed under Addendum-9724-A.

 

 

 

**Addendum-9724-A:** Recovered documents.

 

*The following documentation was recovered from SCP-9724's storage room at the time of discovery.*

 

 

Item has arrived. [Illegible]

 

    Methods implemented.

 

     Case study for [Illegible]?

 

[Illegible]

 

These methods

 

     [illegible] work.

 

 

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

 

Initial results

 

 

     Didn't  believe the [Illegible]

 

 

 

[Illegible] room started reflecting all light.

 

 

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

 

 

 

[Illegible] success.

Object secure

 

[Illegible]

    

                             Applied relationship between object and subject, following [illegible] as a model.

    [Illegible] Psychological profile

 

 

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

 

 

[Illegible] established.

[Illegible] activity falls         under expected models

Solution         unconventional, relies       

                                                            on object's psychological profile

Amplified [Illegible]

                                    recommending             [Illegible] in the future.

@@@@

@@@@

 

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

 

 

 

 

**Addendum-9724-B:** Event-9724-A.

 

On 12/28/2025, SCP-9724-1 ceased all vital signs. Simultaneously, SCP-9724 ceased all anomalous activity.

 

<< [SCP-9723](SCP-9723) | SCP-9724 | [SCP-9725](SCP-9725) >>
