[Pay no attention to the writing on the wall](https://youtu.be/U0IFg4i62RI?si=ZUV55v_MzHSTuccX)

[The words seem empty cause there's nothing there at all](https://youtu.be/U0IFg4i62RI?si=ZUV55v_MzHSTuccX) 

Children of the moon - The Alan Parsons Project

@@@@

SCP-9312 - Children of the moon.

**Item #:** 9312

**Object Class:** Pythagoras 

**Special Containment Procedure:** ~~Item-1 instances are to undergo the temporary infusion of a mercurial gold amalgam to purify the body of SCP-9312's influence. See **Alchemical Document 9312.01** for precise laboratory technique.  Medical records dating back to 1940 are to be cross-referenced with dates during which Great conjunctions A colloquial term for the conjunction of the planets Jupiter and Saturn, when the two planets appear closest together in the sky. were occuring. Individuals born during these dates are given the Item-1 designation and are to be coerced into undergoing the purifying procedure.~~ The SCP-9312 omen does not concern the Special Collections Program, as its in-concrete existence can be disregarded due to the rarity of Item-1, and skepticism towards fortune-telling as a profession.

**Description:** The SCP-9312 phenomenon refers to an oddity recorded by the fortune-telling and occult community several times since the 1990s. For the majority of its recorded existence, it was dismissed as a negative visualization or imitation of notable prophecies. With the advent of the internet and the easier access to communication that came from it, SCP-9312's existence would shift from an occasional mention to a source of debate for occultists and mediums in online forums.

 SCP-9312 is a phenomenon that occurs when an unborn baby exists during the occurrence of a great conjunction. Whether SCP-9312 has arisen from the importance of the satellites to occult rituals and practices throughout history, or if instead occult rituals have created SCP-9312 is as of yet unknown. SCP-9312 currently manifests as an omen attached to Item-1 instances.

The SCP-9312 omen refers to a scenario in which Item-1 instances come to make up an as-yet unknown portion of the population. Should this threshold be reached, the end of the world is predicted to occur or has already occurred.

Information regarding SCP-9312 has been pieced together through the efforts of spiritual leaders, oracles, and seers. When an Item-1 instance receives a prediction or prophecy from these individuals, the reader will become aware of the existence of SCP-9312 as an existential threat emanating through the afflicted individual's psyche/spirit.

**Discovery:** The spike in mentions of SCP-9312 in online spaces would be substantial enough to warrant Program intervention. The Department of Publicity, in conjunction with the Thomas Street asset, would temporarily utilize established personas within the occultism community to ensure that SCP-9312 is dismissed as the result of a mild case of mass hysteria following the events of early 2000. These efforts would succeed in quelling questions regarding SCP-9312 long enough for Program operatives to investigate the phenomenon further.

Among those within the discussion, which primarily consisted of practitioners of the relevant practices, there were several instances of Item-1. Program assets would later pull the biographical information of these individuals.

As this occurred, the Program began to take steps towards understanding the phenomenon by replicating the practices that led to its notation and more advanced occult rituals. Reverend Nicolas "Nico" Jackson, Astrologist Ira McCathie, and Occultist Theodore Montague would

be placed in charge of determining the source of SCP-9312 through their specializations.

A series of discussions would follow in the coming weeks, leading to the documentation of SCP-9312. The following is an abridged sequence of events from meeting transcriptions and emails.

* Occultist Montugue would engage in a tarot reading with one of the individuals who claimed to be an Item-1 instance under the guise of dismissing their fear of SCP-9312. Montague would detect the SCP-9312 phenomenon through his psyche and the results of the reading itself. #0, #16, #18. Note the appearance of 3 major arcana. While it could be argued that this lessens the significance of the SCP-9312, as more prevalence would be placed on the individual's current state rather than any predictions of the future. Montague instead suggests that this appearance is the result of his own aptitude in the occult. Each card appears to symbolize the direction of his reasoning, as will be addressed in the following bullet point. 

 

* Montague would give several readings, finding that #18 (The moon) would be dealt far more often than other cards. He would elaborate that, in addition to being a source of the omen's energy, it could also give direction towards the source of SCP-9312.

* Astrolgist McCathie would begin to investigate an astrological cause following Montague's initial findings. Her initial investigation, which revolved around a correspondence between the moon's cycle and the history of the Item-1 instance, would be discarded soon after. It is to be noted that the approach in question was borne of the appearance of the fool within Montague's initial reading.

* Reverend Jackson would state that occult practices are against the teachings of the church, and as such, since this omen was revealed to occultists, it was not likely of religious origin. During the discussion on the topic, he would reprise Martin Luther's argument of the twins Esau and Jacob. [Table talk 292](https://ccel.org/ccel/l/luther/tabletalk/cache/tabletalk.pdf). 

* The investigation by the Department of Publicity ceases, as the biographical data of all recorded Item-1 instances would be compiled for use in determining the source of SCP-9312.

* Astrologist McCathie, who is aware of this fault within astrology, checks the compiled DOP documents for shared birthdays. She finds the majority of Item-1 instances, including the initial instance interviewed by Occultist Montague, were born in 1981.

 

* Atrologist McCathie establishes the link between the majority of recorded Item-1 instances being born in 1981 and the triplicate conjunction that occurred that year. She would then ask Occultist Montague to repeat the ritual he had undertaken with the Item-1 instance with one of those not born in 1981.

*  Occultist Montague is unable to repeat the results previously shown with what is then established not to be an Item-1 instance.

 

* Reverend Jackson suggests the year 1981 may be the source of the omen rather than the occurrence of the great conjunction.

  

* Occultist Montague disagrees, citing his own skill as a seer and the drawing of #18.  While this could be seen as partially disregarding the symbolic nature of the card and its implications, it would later be agreed upon that this literal interpretation of the card was correct. 

* Reverend Jackson acknowledges that Montague is skilled, but requests that the findings be confirmed. The following day, he requests that Montague give readings to 2 individuals born in 1961. One before the great conjunction, and one born after.

* Astrologist McCathie supports.

* 2 individuals under the Program employ are selected due to the convenience of their birthdates. The individual born in June of 1961 is found to be an Item-1 instance.

The initial draft of SCP-9312 is created detailing the anomalous effect that SCP-9312 has on efforts of prediction.  See Archival Document SCP-9312.01.  At that time, research efforts continue to determine the severity of the SCP-9312 omen, its conditions for triggering, and possible measures for containment.

* Reverend Jackson declares, "But about that day or hour no one knows, not even the angels in heaven, nor the Son, but only the Father." [Matthew 24:36](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew%2024%3A36&version=NIV)  Thus, the omen implied by SCP-9312 cannot be Armageddon.

* Occultist Montague Inquires if Jupiter could be intertwined with God the Father, given the unique nature of the situation. This receives an absolute no.

*  Reverend Jackson proposes that another mythological influence may be at play. He jokes about Zeus's unfaithfulness to Hera.

 

* Astrologist McCathie agrees with the notion, expounding upon it with Jupiter's association with abundance. Furthermore, she corrects Reverend Jackson's previous statement, which had falsely insinuated that Hera was the Roman Saturn. She asks Occultist Montague if there is a way to quantify the impact of the SCP-9312 omen.  This is exclusively the delineation of Jupiter's association with abundance. As of yet, it has not been established if SCP-9312 is mythological in nature. 

* Occultist Montague returns with a modified version of the Mesopotamian ritual known as [Šurpu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%A0urpu). The accuracy is questioned by both the reverend and the astrologist due to its lack of connection to the omen at hand. He tells them both to trust the process.

  

* Astrologist McCathie requests Occultist Montague engage in this ritual with three Item-1 instances. One born in 1961, one in early 1981, and another in late 1981. She requests to be notified of any changes in the impact of SCP-9312 on each of their psychies as found by Montague's ritual. She places a request with Public Acquisitions for individuals not associated with the SCP-9312 investigation or Program personnel who match the birthdates. 

 

* Public Acquisitions returns two members of Program research staff and an unhoused individual, given 100 dollars in exchange for his participation in a research study.

*  Occultist Montague engages in the Šurpu ritual with each subject. He has each throw strips of wool into a fire before using a PPM detector to record the differences in the created smoke. Notable mercury and gold readings were recorded in the created smoke at an elevated but decreasing level.

  

* The validity of the findings is brought into question by Astrologist McCathie, as gold and mercury imply a previously unconsidered alchemical relation.

 

*  Occultist Montague dismisses the concern, as the alchemical metals have correspondences to the planets. He questions how someone engrossed in astrology would dismiss alchemy as pseudoscience.

 

* Astrologist McCathie notes that neither of the elements created at unusual levels by the Šurpu ritual is associated with the correct planets, as the ritual would instead show decreasing levels of lead and tin. She goes on to claim that alchemy is just chemistry with esoterica tacked on. 

* Occultist Montague recalls a connection between the [Seal of Solomon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seal_of_Solomon) as a magnum opus and the mysticism all three study. He does acknowledge that while the alchemy can be contested, the results should not. He proposes an update to the containment procedure with that understanding. 

 

* Special Containment Procedures are updated with the intention of returning this decreasing level to normal levels within Item-1 instances as a method of neutralizing the effects of the omen.

* Astrologist McCathie agrees to take the results of the ritual at face value. She states that any connection between the item and alchemy can be deconstructed and dismissed at another time.

* Utilizing the variance in the results, Astrologist McCathie concludes the required percentage of the population required to trigger the SCP-9312 omen is roughly 9.5%.

*  Reverend Jackson notes that the required astrological phenomena only occur every 20 years, expressing doubt that Item-1 instances could ever comprise 9.5% of the population. Occultist Montague and Astrologist McCathie support.

**The following addendum is submitted to SCP-9312:** 

By the time the SCP-9312 omen occurs, several items will have been met that make the end of the world not the result of SCP-9312 but instead the result of other conditions. Firstly, it should be noted that the percentage of the population required to trigger the SCP-9312 event, as it had previously been thought of, requires a life expectancy that is currently beyond the capabilities of the Program or civilian populations. Roughly 180 years or 9 great conjunctions. 

From this, it can be garnered that SCP-9312 does predict a future in which the means to extend human lifetimes to this point do exist. It should logically continue that since the end of the world must occur despite this, whether from SCP-9312 or humanity's own actions. It is far more likely that we fail to properly account for the growth in population that would result from this change to society.

To prevent the events of SCP-9312 from occurring, it is of the utmost importance that the Program ensure means to dramatically extend life expectancy are not widely proliferated upon discovery.

<< [SCP-9311](SCP-9311) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9313](SCP-9313) >>

---

> **Filename:** Keplers_trigon.jpg

> **Author:** Johannes Kepler

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Keplers_trigon.jpg

> **Filename:** 33 thomas st.webp

> **Author:** Marcin Wichary

> **License:** CC BY SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:33_thomas_st.jpg

> **Filename:** Cardinal Peter K.A. Turkson in 2017.jpg

> **Author:** Richter Frank-Jurgen

> **License:** CC BY SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Cardinal_Peter_K.A._Turkson_in_2017.jpg

> **Filename:** Sky Jerusalem South-7BC-11-12.gif

> **Author:** Zwergelstern

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sky_Jerusalem_South-7BC-11-12.gif
