**This article contains CWs for:** Non-graphic mentions of suicide in a news context.

⚠️ content warning ↑

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Cinzel');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Anton');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Pinyon+Script');

div.blocknote {

    display: block;

    margin-inline: auto;

    margin-block: 1.4rem;

    padding-inline: 1.1rem;

    padding-block: 0.9rem;

    background-color: black; 

    border-left: solid 0.25rem gray; 

    border-right: solid 0.25rem gray; 

    color: white; 

.email {float: center; border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px 10px 10px 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba[0,0,0,.5]}

a.collapsible-block-link { font-weight: bold; }

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=SCP-9680[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/popsioaks-garden[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments=

= **SCP-9680** - Then The Sickle Turned Inwards

---

---

= **Image Credits**

https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wheat_seeds.jpg is published under CC-BY-SA 3.0.

https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Green_Planet_Head_Office_at_Jalandhar.jpg is published under CC-BY-SA 3.0.

https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sabzi_Mandi.jpg is published under CC-BY-SA 3.0.

]]

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Notice:** On October 2nd, 1973, an internal request to reclassify SCP-9680 as Explained was submitted, and was approved (See Addendum 9680.9). This document is currently being updated.

**Item Designation:** SCP-9680

**Classification:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Individuals affected by SCP-9680 failure are to be compensated with equivalent, nonanomalous seed stock from non-Méndez growers, under a cover story of "clearance stock." Following requests from Interim-Site 93 personnel, Foundation personnel that would like to attend funerals of SCP-9680 victims are permitted to do so, with prior approval for leave.

**Archived Containment Procedures (preserved during reclassification):** Produce and seed markets are to be monitored for sellers of SCP-9680. If found, seeds are to be confiscated, sellers are to be questioned regarding their purchase history of SCP-9680 to determine point of origin.  Under request from cooperating GoI-1469 *[https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/saffronsands-hub House of the Naga]//, sellers shown to be unaware of SCP-9680's nature are to be compensated twice their value of their SCP-9680 stock. 

Instances of SCP-9680 that have germinated, bloomed, or fruited are to be destroyed following sample collection.  Under request from Foundation contacts in GoI-1469, growers shown to be unaware of SCP-9680's nature are to be compensated twice their value of their SCP-9680 stock.  

Growing sites containing SCP-9680 are to be quarantined until all potential pollen sources and deposits are confirmed safe, collected, or destroyed. Méndez company ties to known parabotanical threats are currently under investigation. Collected samples are to be returned to Sites 36 and 93 for thaumaturgic analysis. If SCP-9680 residual creation markers match those of known individuals in Foundation databases, investigations are to be launched. 

**Description:** SCP-9680 are specific packets of 30 different seed varieties from the Méndez Corporation. Species have been found to vary with no clear pattern or majority species, but primarily consist of food or textile crops (wheat, corn, cotton, sugarcane, etc.) SCP-9680 instances appear identical to nonanomalous equivalents sold by Méndez, but exhibit rapid growth patterns when planted. These extend to increased success not only in growth of planted seeds, but in seed production, pollen spread, and fruit production. 

SCP-9680 instances have been sold in Northern India for the past three years. Instances have been found in small *mandis*  Small grower produce markets, similar to farmer's markets.  in the states of Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, and Himachal Pradesh. Analyses by GoI-1469 and Foundation psychokinetic and thaumaturgical experts indicate an anomalous origin of recovered SCP-9680 instances.

Samples of all known varieties of SCP-9680 are currently in test growth chambers mimicking in situ conditions, in permanent Foundation sites located in the Middle East, due to personnel concerns.

The Méndez Corporation has shown no previous signs of anomalous activity as a major agricultural producer for the continental United States founded in, registered, and operating solely in Veil-compliant areas since incorporation. Addition to Foundation Groups of Interest may be considered.

SCP-9680 was first discovered by GoI-1469. Communication regarding SCP-9680's discovery can be found below, originally delivered as a letter that spontaneously manifested in Interim-Site 93's break room.

Given the history of positive collaboration with GoI-1469 and the importance of maintaining this relationship as the Foundation establishes presence in the Indian subcontinent, this letter and its contents were made top priority.

 **TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN AMONGST OUR NEW FRIENDS:** 

We have noticed a few problems that it may interest you to look at. We know we are asking something rather soon after you've come here. But as friends, we should help each other, no? 

Those in mandis around here have been acting strange. Some farmers sell seeds they would need for future seasons with reckless abandon; come into money they could not have earned legally; grown new types of familiar plants that we have never seen before. 

As is expected, we "ran point" as you all say, and collected some of these seeds. They do not taste different, look different, smell different.

Our psychic sweeps show nothing. Our tracers show nothing. Our strongest *jadhus* can find little more than the smallest of traces of magic. What we can find, it is most certainly nothing we are familiar with.

This scares us. It is our job to know these things. These people rely on us, as we rely on you now.

We do request your assistance in this case, with your technology to detect potential godly or magical influence. In return you will find us more than willing to help you with tasks associated.

You will also find some sweets with this message. Consider them a housewarming gift. Please keep in mind the *kaju katli* have cashews, for those with allergies. They are the white, diamond shaped ones. 

Your *dearest* friends,

The House of The Naga

---

**Addendum 9680.1 - January 1973**

---

The sole local Mobile Task Force formed at the time, MTF Epsilon-65 ("Trishula") was dispatched. MTF E-65, at the time, primarily consisted of non-military personnel designed to supplement GoI-1469 forces. Members visited a *mandi* near a local Nexus, Jalandhar's Depths, for field research. GoI-1469 contacts met Foundation personnel there.

Foundation personnel concerns required a greater than expected GoI-1469 presence.

 ****Field Personnel:**** 

**Junior Operative Santos:** Environmental researcher specializing in counteroffensives against anomalous invasive species.

**Lead Operative Wyle:** Field director of MTF Epsilon-65.

***Jadhughar* Malkit Singh**: Senior thaumaturgical expert of GoI-1469, specializing in parabotany, paraecology, and anthropology.

***Baazighar* Jashan Arora**: Junior thaumaturgical expert of GoI-1469.

---

*[Recording from Santos' body camera begins as the group walk towards the mandi. They are attempting to cross the street to a large group of tents.]*

**Arora:** So! That's where it happens. The magic. Not, well, not actual magic, but the magic of food! Commerce! *Food!*

**Singh:** Arora, please behave. 

**Arora:** Aw. I just want to show them. Have you two had a real, fresh mango? Or maybe some sugarcane? Sugarcane *juice?* Singh sahib, we never get anyone as new as them on our trips.

**Wyle:** Singh, it's fine. We'd love to, at some point.

**Singh:** Later, then. You're buying.

*[A car speeds past them as they cross, nearly striking Santos.]*

**Santos:** *Fuck!* Why are there so many people here? 

**Singh:** Why are there birds in the sky?

**Santos:** Fine, I just— can't they drive *normally*, please? And the honking. My *head.*

**Singh:** This is normal. Please just keep your eyes open, people are always in a rush here. 

**Santos:** No shit.

**Singh:** There are those who work in the city. They will be in a rush. You will see a lot of intermingling from stall to stall. They will be in a rush. You trade for what you don't have, and usually buy and sell enough to make a small amount of profit if those from the city come to buy from you. 

**Wyle:** Variable rates? C’mon Singh, why spoil the surprise for us foreigners so soon?

*[Singh smiles.]*

**Singh:** That’s not the case *officially,* no.

*[The group arrive. Sellers have their produce spread out on blankets on the floor, in large, haphazard piles. They hawk their wares at passersby.]*

**Seller 1:** *(translated from Punjabi)* Brother! Three for five rupees! Better deal, you'll never see. Brother!

**Santos:** Christ.

**Wyle:** Watch your throat, Santos. Very nice and dusty here.

**Santos:** Heard. I’ll try my best not to keel over coughing.

**Seller 2:** *(translated from Punjabi)* Fresh mangos, juicy, sticky, so sweet you'll need to wash your hands soon! Fresh mangos here, get them, eat them now!

*[Arora briefly leaves the group to head to the seller. After taking a few steps, he rejoins.]*

**Singh:** I am told they should be in the back. Closer to the roads, you see. Many will come in wagons, carts, that sort of thing if they expect to be purchasing seeds.

**Wyle:** No little packets to be seen here. Is that usually a bulk purchase?

**Arora:** Yes! Usually farmers, if they need it. Not often though. We usually collect seeds.

**Santos:** We?

**Arora:** My family works the fields for a living. Not here. A village. Small one, near Tarn Taran. It's a quaint little thing. An acre at most, maybe? But I worked them too, before I came here and joined the House.

**Singh:** Where we *found* Arora, in fact. What a story that one was.

**Arora:** And for that, *Singh-ji*, I thank you. I don't think my back could have taken more nights crouching over the rows.

**Seller 3:** *(translated from Punjabi)* Seeds! Better than any seeds you've seen before. So many sacks! Many sacks! All of your choices for the next season, here!

*[Singh holds up a hand, then gestures for the group to come near him as he moves to the side. Pulling them away from the seed seller, he speaks in a low whisper.]*

**Singh:** That is the markings of the seeds we know. You will let Arora and I speak, and us alone. Please stay behind us. 

*[Arora enthusiastically nods, before looking back to Singh. Singh nods, and Arora approaches Wyle and Santos. He pulls them to the side to act as if they are looking at the seller's produce, while they converse in English.]*

**Wyle:** It's fine if we talk this close?

**Arora:** Should be. There's not many English speakers here! We should just look like a tour guide and his little group, a sad group, but a group.

**Santos:** Can we focus, please?

**Arora:** So, these seeds. None of us recognize the company. Do you?

**Wyle:** I mean, yeah. They're a normal fruit company back in the States, like Bold, Sunny-Dayz, that kind of thing. Make good fruit cups since I was a kid.

**Santos:** And *importantly,* boss, they haven't been marked for doing anything particularly noteworthy or Veil-breaking. At least, not since we've been around. 

**Arora:** Hm. We have our own producers, own companies. Odd that the Americans are trying to get in on it. We'd say it's fine that they're here, but reports are enough that people seem to be worried. Mostly the small farmers.

**Wyle:** I mean, it makes sense to me. They're big. At a big enough scale, I'd assume it adds up.

**Arora:** Wyle *sahib,* look at them. There is no scale here. Everyone knows each other, and everyone gets their seeds from each other, and grow their few crops. 

**Santos:** And, like, that makes sense. It's a new market, duh. We're here too, because it's new to us too. No?

**Wyle:** She's right. I don't understand a bit of this. What have you all even *found?* At least, what have you found to warrant us coming out here? Not that I mind that, mind you. She might.

**Arora:** Nothing more than the equivalent of some wisps of smoke from a dying fire. Maybe the slightest scrap of a psychic signature. It's sneaky, too bloody sneaky.

**Santos:** It's how it works. You have the big fish, and the littler fish.

**Arora:** No, no it isn't! There's *so many* of these sellers, so many little relationships and friendships and differing preferences of who you buy from that it does not matter. The wealth is so spread out. There *are* no big fish.

*[Arora coughs.]*

**Arora:** They try. All they do is try.

**Santos:** Your first brush with a megacorp? I mean, *sorry*...?

**Arora:** No need to be, it's not like it's *your* fault or anything. Just, crops didn't use to be this big. This... strange.

*[He picks up a mango from a nearby blanket, handles it, and gives it a sniff. At the same time, Singh returns.]*

**Singh:** Find one you like?

**Arora:** No. All unripe. Big, the size of a ripe one, but unripe.

**Singh:** Hm. It is season.

**Arora:** I know. It's... gross, really. I can barely eat them. These new seeds have been disappointing. 

**Singh:** If you’re done, I have information. Not a lot, but some. Simply a name or two.

**Wyle:** And d’you think that’s enough?

**Singh:** It will have to be. We can perform a minor divination, then notify you of our results.

**Santos:** Nothing about *why?*

*[Singh shakes his head.]*

**Singh:** I understand you may expect something different. We of the House apologize.

*[Arora squeezes the mango, still in his hand.]*

**Arora:** Look around you. 

*[He gestures widely.]* 

**Arora:** What could you hope to make from this? A few rupees? 

**[END LOG]**

The following document was received the next morning, alongside a blank sheet of paper and a small package.

 **TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN AMONGST OUR NEW FRIENDS:** 

We have a name, a low-level employee, but a name nonetheless. We are told that he has come by in a truck, offered seeds to some local villages. If you'll permit us, we can attempt to locate him. It may take some time. To confirm, Méndez is the correct corporation?

In that case, we have a headquarters location; oddly close to Jalandhar's Depths. You will find it attached.

We also realize we forgot to send the sweets yesterday. Here are two boxes. Please remember the cashew content. We would hate to cause problems! 

Your *dearest* friends,

The House of The Naga

Foundation thaumaturges returned the following document via basic conjure lines.

 **TO SINGH:** 

Fine with us. Go look for your man, and we'll contact Méndez as well. I’ll see if I can get us cleared for an in person op, preferably. I’ll be sure to let you know how it goes. Keep us updated as well.

Thank you for the sweets. They were delicious. Santos in particular enjoyed the *laddu*, I think the paper the box came with called it that? She’d never tell you, though, and don’t tell her I told you.

Wyle

@@ @@

---

**Addendum 9680.2 - February 1973**

---

The majority of those affected by SCP-9680 are currently stuck in debt to Méndez India. Loans that have been made to pay this debt are frequently predatory, and Foundation and GoI-1469 resources are currently addressing lenders responsible.

Following the above events, Santos and Wyle were dispatched to the Méndez India corporate headquarters, located in a small office building in Jalandhar, 2.5 km from a major entrance of Jalandhar's Depths. Upon entry, they were met by Méndez front desk personnel.

*[Body cam footage begins with Santos and Wyle entering the front doors. The office resembles a well-lit corporate office, with a desk and a small waiting room. There is no receptionist. It is entirely quiet.]*

**Santos:** So, uh. Nobody here, or...?

**Wyle:** Just be sure to have your weapons ready. Just in case, y’know. I know we're here for more of a corp negotation, but wouldn't hurt to have some decent trigger fingers right now.

**Santos:** Heard.

**Wyle:** Hello? Anybody home?

*[A few seconds pass. No one responds.]*

**Santos:** Well, okay. The water cooler's half empty, so there were at least *some* people here at *some* point.

**Wyle:** Yeah, yeah. I’ve seen weirder, so no assumptions Santos.

*[There is a loud noise, like water through a pipe. Santos and Wyle turn to the source of the sound, a closed door behind the desk. Wyle gives Santos a nod. Both draw their weapons, standard anti-thaumaturgy sidearms.]*

**Wyle:** *Hello?* Anyone there? Come out with your hands up! 

**Santos:** Can we just *get this over with,* please?

*[A man stumbles out of the room, hands up. He looks at the two nervously, before putting his hands behind his head. Wyle and Santos point their weapons at him.]*

**Williams:** Hey! Hey! Don't shoot! I work here! I didn't do anything! I work here!

*[Wyle makes a quick glance at Santos. Santos switches on her sidearm's thaumaturgical radar.]*

**Wyle:** Your name?

**Williams:** Williams! Bennett Williams! I work for Méndez. We're just getting started, we've barely moved in, it's just me here at the office for now.

**Santos:** Nothing.

**Wyle:** Damn, *really?* Okay, Bennett. What do you do here?

*[Williams looks to Wyle.]*

**Williams:** I coordinate, or at least, am supposed to be *one of* the people coordinating fulfillment and distribution of our orders! But like I said, it's just me! I started like two weeks ago and they've been *promising* me it'll be more than just me, but I also handle HR, and I haven't been asked to onboard anyone! They don't even respond to my calls! I don't wanna be here.

**Wyle:** Do you have any weapons on you, Williams?

**Williams:** Weapons!? We just do our work here. Normal, non-criminal work. What the fuck are you talking about?

**Wyle:** Come around the desk. Slowly, please, keeping your hands up.

*[Williams does so. Wyle gestures to Santos, who pats him down.]*

**Santos:** Clean.

**Wyle:** Okay. Sit down. Let's talk.

**Williams:** Okay. What do you wanna know? 

**Wyle:** About your bosses, immediate or otherwise.

**Williams:** I dunno 'em. Sorry.

**Wyle:** How the fuck did you get *hired*, then?

**Williams:** I was studying in Harvard, actually. Well, just graduating. Got offered a job with Méndez, which I never would have taken otherwise. I mean, who gives a shit about *agro* economics? But! I am never going to pass up all-expenses paid travel. Especially to India! All my classmates talked about how much being here changed them, taught them, you know?

**Santos:** But you... live here now? This isn't a temp thing?

**Williams:** Duh. Didn't pay for that either. Even get a cleaner to come through my place every so often, which is cray! It's just an apartment, nothing like what you'd expect for that kind of service, but still. Yay.

**Wyle:** Do you know *anything* about them?

*[Williams fidgets.]*

**Williams:** I know, well, we're Méndez! The foremost producers of fruit, vegetables, and assorted tubers in the United States! But- but I know what you want, sorry. Still a little shaky from the whole "gun-pointed-at-my-temple" thing. I should have a business card somewhere, wait—

*[Williams begins to get up. Wyle gestures for him to sit down.]*

**Wyle:** I'll get it. Where?

**Williams:** Rolodex there, top of the desk by the plant. Labeled "Central."

*[Wyle thumbs through the cards, holding up one after a few seconds.]*

**Wyle:** Lucky me. Last one left.

**Santos:** Nice. Can't say I've ever talked to a CEO before.

**Wyle:** Just a P.O. box of all things. Still better than nothing.

*[Williams clears his throat.]*

**Williams:** So, uh. Can I go now? Please? I have a lot of paperwork to get done. We've been doing seed buybacks. Y'know, get some money from whatever old-ass seeds they've *been using.* God, what a headache that is.

**Wyle:** Sure.

**Santos:** Careful, buddy. We know where you're at now.

**Williams:** *If* we last the season. Our numbers aren't the best right now. That's why we did this whole thing with these new varietals. Never heard of them, not that I'm all that familiar with plants in the first place, but it's supposed to be a test run here. You know, smaller market, if it goes well, we can debut them worldwide! *God,* the bonus I'd get.

**Wyle:** Man, *fuck* you.

***[END LOG]***

---

**Addendum 9680.3 - March 1973**

---

Following this, GoI-1469 members determined that the located Méndez employee had no knowledge or understanding of the nature of SCP-9680 after psychic evaluation. Other located employees had similar informational gaps. 

At this time, the majority of those affected by SCP-9680 refused Foundation assistance in paying back loans, citing distrust of government entities following Indian pushes to change crop rotations to further industrialization.  It is widely accepted by now that these attempts as part of the "Green Revolution," while increasing the food produced, caused immense damage to farming populations and soil health. 

Given the nature of Méndez's operations, the potential of risk to civilians, and apparent nonanomalous operations, GoI-1469 contacts in the Indian government made inquiries to Méndez India's executives based on the contact information found on the card retrieved.

##### FROM THE DESK OF MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT KALYAN SINGH

**TO:** ISAAC EVES, Méndez India CFO

**FROM:** MP KALYAN SINGH

---

To whom it may concern:

I am MP Kalyan Singh, member of India's Parliament, covering the legislative area of Greater Jalandhar in which your company currently is registered. As a result, your practices are my purview and concern. As you may know, our district is an agricultural one. Approximately 55% of my constituents rely on farming for their livelihoods, and approximately two-thirds of that rely solely on that source of income. 

We have been at risk of significant damage to this sector before, and it came at great cost to farmers and their family, and I urge you to please reconsider. 

On that note, I am writing to request further information on the nature of the crops you are currently selling. Producers of seeds are concerned by unfair market practices by your company, and with the quality of the seeds themselves; these are varieties entirely unfamiliar to them, and to me as well. India, and Punjab especially, has had difficult encounters with invasive species before, and we are fearful these may prove to be a similar problem.

A formal request has been lodged at the last session to receive samples of your product for testing, and for a hearing. You will be called for a hearing, as will any other relevant members of your company. Expect formal papers in a few weeks at the latest.

We here welcome a stronger market, but not at the cost of our farmers. Tread lightly.

~ MP KALYAN SINGH

##### MÉNDEZ CORPORATION: LIVE FRESH, EAT FRESHER!

**TO:** MP KALYAN SINGH 

**FROM:** ISAAC EVES, Méndez India CFO

---

To MP-Sahib;

I am Tiffany Elwes, Mr. Eves' secretary. Mr. Eves wanted me to tell you that the genetic code of our varieties is proprietary under Indian law, as well as in every other major world power's courts of law. As such, reverse-engineering, sequencing, or releasing samples will be impossible, and illegal under the law you uphold. 

He also wanted me to let you know that no member of Méndez's C-Suite will be available for hearings. Schedules are packed, and cannot be moved at this moment. Additionally, you will find that request likely will not go anywhere, and he encourages you to spend your time on more fruitful endeavors.

Lastly, he wanted me to recommend you look at your portfolio. You may find a number of new stock options available to you. Ticker is MNDZ.

Best,

The Desk of Isaac Eves

After this, no response was received from Méndez executives in spite of repeated requests by MP Singh, Foundation personnel, and GoI-1469 contacts. Forced summoning of Mr. Eves or other Méndez executives was suggested, but struck down after deliberation due to risk of potential Veil breach. Concern was especially raised due to lack of knowledge of thaumaturgic capabilities employed by Méndez rendering traditional amnestics useless.

---

**Addendum 9680.4 - April 1973**

---

Despite attempts at market manipulation, SCP-9680 instances have continued to spread throughout the Indian subcontinent. Why Foundation and GoI-1946 preventative measures are ineffective is currently unknown.

Attached are GoI-1469 and Foundation communications regarding next steps.

 **TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN AMONGST OUR FRIENDS:** 

Our investigation of the trucks remains pointless. Just more cogs. More useless seeds that show traces of little more than dog piss and wisps of trace magic. We have taken the liberty to psychically wither what we can and save a few samples, but no more than the bare minimum.

*Please* tell us it fares better for you. We have received reports from some farmers in Malwa. They are not optimistic, and they could use some benefit.

Your *dearest* friends,

The House of The Naga

 **TO THE HOUSE:** 

This is our problem; we can't do a thing without causing an *issue.* Our higher-ups don't want us interfering without certainty. Could throw our whole operation here at risk, not just *here,* but in this whole country. Just growing pains of being new here, I suppose.

We've tried making requests, but official channels are as good as ignored. I'm sure they're shredding our letters as soon as they get them. We've tried marking them with some minor sigils to trigger if they're read, but have gotten no hits so far.

Wyle

 **TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN AMONGST OUR FRIENDS:** 

Have you any new information? Without any place for us to use our expertise, we are little more than vigilantes. 

We have tried before to incorporate ourselves into matters that did not involve the magic or psychic. It did not go well.

Your *dearest* friends,

The House of The Naga

 **TO SINGH:** 

We're trying. Please be patient.

Wyle

@@ @@

The following was sent after a week of no response from GoI-1469 contacts.

@@ @@

 **TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN AMONGST OUR FRIENDS:** 

We apologise for our silence. We had to go confirm this for ourselves in person.

We have bitter news; they are dying. The plants are dying. They're all dying. Please.

Some of us grow frustrated with this corporation. They have taken to more violent means of resistance.

Your friends,

The House of The Naga

 **TO SINGH:** 

What do you mean? We've grown them here, they're fine. Not here, at least, but in good enough simulations elsewhere. I can send for an update, but it might be a few days.

Please avoid psychokinetically blowing up any more trucks.

Wyle

---

**Addendum 9680.5 - May 1973**

---

Lead Operative Wyle's statement was made prior to confirmation with Site personnel. Upon checks of test growths of SCP-9680, it was confirmed that nearly all specimens exhibited infection with an unknown fungal pathogen, different to each species. Fruit, if produced, was inedible and prematurely rotting. No viable seeds were produced across eight thousand potential germinating sites.

All fungal samples tested had no anomalous indicators.

@@ @@

Foundation contacts sent the following communication immediately on behalf of MP Singh.

##### FROM THE DESK OF MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT KALYAN SINGH

**TO:** ISAAC EVES, Méndez India CFO

**FROM:** MP KALYAN SINGH

---

To Mr. Eves;

I'm certain you've heard of the failure of your crops. We have made a formal complaint and request for the contents of your patent in three separate countries' courts. You, and Méndez's "C-suite" are expected here to answer for your actions by Thursday.

MP KALYAN SINGH

##### MÉNDEZ CORPORATION: LIVE FRESH, EAT FRESHER!

**TO:** MP KALYAN SINGH 

**FROM:** ISAAC EVES, Méndez India CFO

---

To Singh;

The plants **died?** Do let Tiffany know why. We'll let the geneticists know. 

Can't make a profit without a few mishaps along the way. We can take a few more incidents like these before PR starts to cut into the bottom line a bit.

You can expect a statement from us soon. As we said, we can't make it in person.

Isaac Eves

@@ @@

The following statement was published in English in local Punjabi and Hindi newspapers.

@@ @@

 **OFFICIAL STATEMENT OF THE MÉNDEZ CORPORATION** 

 **LIVE FRESH, EAT FRESHER!** 

---

It has been brought to our attention that our old seeds appear to have created some isolated problems. We at Méndez are regretful for these problems experienced, and assure all our customers that this will not occur again.

New, improved SuperSeeds (trademark pending) will be distributed to these growers! Please report to your nearest Méndez representative.

Instances of SCP-9680 were then removed from the market, and began distribution again approximately one week later.

@@ @@

---

**Addendum 9680.6 - June 1973**

---

 **TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN AMONGST OUR FRIENDS:** 

We thought they would be *gone.* They are not. We are... frustrated at this. Please do not disappoint us as well.

Our further leads have proven rather fruitless. However, we have attached some samples of these seeds that some family members have given us.

Your *dearest* friends,

The House of The Naga

 **TO SINGH:** 

It's the way it goes. Let's just hope it's better this time.

We've attached some sweets as well. We hope this lifts your spirits somewhat.

Wyle

 **TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN AMONGST OUR FRIENDS:** 

Thank you. We greatly enjoyed them.

Your *dearest* friends,

The House of The Naga

Samples received from this exchange were tested in interim-Site 93's labs. In spite of the incomplete setup of these labs, it was confirmed that SCP-9680 samples showed only minor traces of thaumaturgical tampering. Sequencing results reported heavy genetic differences from both heirloom varieties and fungus-prone SCP-9680 specimens, likely due to intentional editing.

 **TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN AMONGST OUR FRIENDS:** 

We apologize for not going to you first. It's been worse. Much worse.

Swarms upon *swarms* of pests. The fields are black with so many flies. Nothing is working. We took the liberty of telling Méndez first.

In a... gentle way, of course. Have you come to find anything about these new seeds?

Your *dearest* friends,

The House of The Naga

 **TO THE HOUSE:** 

We're so sorry to hear. Trust us, we're doing this as fast as we can.

On the seeds - they're utterly normal. Different, in a genetic way, but utterly normal save for those same marks that we see. Exact same creator, exact same strength; which is to say barely any at all. We'll keep you updated.

And what do you mean by "gentle"?

Wyle

 **TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN AMONGST OUR FRIENDS:** 

You'll see. 

Your *dearest* friends,

The House of The Naga

 **OFFICIAL STATEMENT OF THE MÉNDEZ CORPORATION** 

 **LIVE FRESH, EAT FRESHER!** 

---

It has been brought to our attention that our SuperSeeds appear to have created some isolated problems with pests. We at Méndez are regretful for these problems experienced, and assure all our customers that this will not occur again.

New, improved SuperDuperSeeds (trademark pending) will be distributed to these growers! Please report to your nearest Méndez representative.

Additionally, affected growers can request new Bug-B-Gone pesticide from their representative, at minimal added cost!

We also do not recommend assaulting your Méndez representative. Those found guilty will be charged to the fullest extent of the law.

---

**Addendum 9680.7 - July 1973**

---

@@ @@

The following document and newspaper clipping were sent after a week of no response from GoI-1469 contacts.

@@ @@

 **TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN AMONGST OUR FRIENDS:** 

We apologies for our silence. It has only been worse. So much worse.

Your friends,

The House of The Naga

The following has been translated from the original Punjabi.

SAADA NEWS

VOL. 16, 10TH ISSUE

JULY 18TH

MERCHANTS ACCEPT NO REFUNDS

RASH OF SUICIDES PLAGUES PUNJAB

RISK TO FOOD SUPPLY POSSIBLE, SAYS TOP POPULATION SCIENTISTS

*By Ali Das*

TARN TARAN - A plague of recent farmer suicides continue, with twenty suicides overnight reported from three villages in Tarn Taran District. All victims are farmers, causing villagers to worry that crops may go unharvested due to the sudden loss of manpower. Most were above the age of 50. Family of a number of the deceased raised concerns regarding long hours, exhaustion, and overwork.

@@ @@

Some also mention potential crop failures, and the News can confirm all had purchased seeds from Méndez India, a branch of the well-known American farming corporation. Méndez India has recently been in the public eye for strong-arm tactics in local agriculture markets. For the victims of these tragedies, authorities have made all crematoriums and burial services fee-free. Local MPs and PM Kumar have expressed sympathies for the deceased. Obituaries that the News has received can be found on the following pages.

@@ @@

Exact methods of suicide remain unknown, and will remain unpublished out of respect for the deceased. Authorities encourage those to utilize resources and talk to family as needed, and to ensure all firearms and pesticides remain locked and used in a safe manner as guidance dictates.

@@ @@

This has not been enough for residents, some of whom claim the national government and PM Kumar have been paid by Méndez to look the other way. [SEE FARMERS, PAGE 4]

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **Wyle:** 

We have cremated twenty across three villages. Three *adjacent* villages.

They are *dying* with these crops. At their own hands. These pesticides are good for killing more than just *makhi.*   Flies in Punjabi. 

You must do *something.* There must be *some* foul play at work that escapes us.

Please.

Jadhughar Singh

Foundation contacts sent the following communication immediately on behalf of MP Singh.

##### FROM THE DESK OF MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT KALYAN SINGH

**TO:** ISAAC EVES, Méndez India CFO

**FROM:** MP KALYAN SINGH

---

To Mr. Eves;

By operating in India, you have chosen to make yourself beholden to Indian laws. A summons must be accepted and followed through with by the summoned, or a designated representative. I'm sure you can find one of those to spare.

You may have blood on your hands.

~ MP KALYAN SINGH

##### MÉNDEZ CORPORATION: LIVE FRESH, EAT FRESHER!

**TO:** MP KALYAN SINGH 

**FROM:** ISAAC EVES, Méndez India CFO

---

To Singh;

Fine. Our geneticist is on the way. Expect him in by the next week; if adequate accommodations aren't arranged, you *will* feel it next election.

You people are so annoying. Fuck *us,* I guess, for rushing things a little. Every second wasted is market potential lost.

Isaac Eves

---

**Addendum 9680.8 - August 1973**

---

It was determined that the geneticist in question, Symon Craft, is a thaumaturge-for-hire known to Foundation authorities. Given that Mr. Craft's known capabilities do not extend beyond low-level reality manipulation, GoI-1469 contacts were permitted to summon him to interim-Site 93.

The following is an audio log of the session, automatically recorded due to volume reaching a threshold for potential safety concerns.

**Singh:** —*knew,* you bastard!

**Craft:** Knew what?

**Singh:** That these were doomed seeds! Never to grow properly! You want to *kill us,* to choke us!

**Craft:** I'm not sure why I'm here in all honesty. Back up a little please. You're getting spit on my jacket. This is company issue. I only get the one.

**Singh:** You—

**Wyle:** Back up. Let me ask.

**Craft:** Okay, before you waste more of my time, company time — ask Mr. Eves. Corporate says I'm not allowed to tell you, even if I knew. I don't.

**Wyle:** You're fucking with us.

**Craft:** Not at all. In fact, try me. Go ahead. Check if I'm lying. I don't know. I may be a *criminal,* but I can follow a contract for a job.

**Singh:** Trivial.

*[There is the sound of sparks, then silence. Then a gasp.]*

**Wyle:** He's not, is he?

**Craft:** *See?* I've been telling you for the last hour, I was hired *only* to duplicate. Not ask questions about the content, genetic material, or seeds themselves. 

**Singh:** This is all you are?

**Craft:** Yep. Sorry. Just a, erm, "temp for hire" as some of you may put it. Crude, but apt.

**Singh:** I... I thought you'd be *more.* He told us you were his geneticist.

**Craft:** Méndez is sorry to disappoint. 

*[There is silence.]*

**Craft:** We *are.* I can get that in writing.

**Singh:** You *will* be hearing about this. About all of it.

**Craft:** Haven't I already? And oh, about the... problems. Méndez wanted me to tell you that this recent swath of...commitments... is a regrettable incident. However, and I quote, "we cannot be held liable for any consequences of using products, such as our Bug-B-Gone pesticide, not as intended."

**[END LOG]**

@@ @@

 **TO WYLE:** 

They're out of seeds. Everyone's swapped over, and sold whatever heirlooms they had. There's *not enough.* What do they grow?

Jadhughar Singh

 **TO SINGH:** 

We don't know. We're reaching out now.

Wyle

---

**Addendum 9680.9 - September 1973**

---

##### MÉNDEZ CORPORATION: LIVE FRESH, EAT FRESHER!

**TO:** MP KALYAN SINGH 

**FROM:** ISAAC EVES, Méndez India CFO

---

To Singh;

This morning marks the eighth time you've contacted us in the last 72 hours. Tiffany is tired of screening your calls. 

To be clear; what magic are you *talking* about? These are proprietary Méndez GMOs. Science. That's all it is. We dabbled in a little woo-woo to cut down on growing time and costs, sure, but they're utterly normal otherwise.

Sorry for the losses. Nothing that a few more generations can't fix!

Isaac Eves

Following this, a reclassification request was filed.

Below is the proposed description for SCP-9680-EX.

**Description:** SCP-9680-EX is the designation for over 45 varieties  Over a dozen have been introduced since original classification.  of nonanomalous, genetically modified seeds produced by the Méndez Corporation. These seeds were and are produced anomalously to increase the scale of production, but otherwise carry no anomalous effects.

SCP-9680-EX specimens have been prone to unique combinations of nearly 70 threats, including pathogens, pests, and intolerance to Indian climates.

Farmers planting SCP-9680-EX report the following:

* SCP-9680-EX purchasing requiring the selling of heirloom seed storage, resulting in near-total depletion of seed stock

* Disruption of seed production of mature specimens

* Increased rates of disease, especially cancer, in those exposed to SCP-9680 fields due to increased pesticide usage.

SCP-9680-EX production is so widespread across the Indian subcontinent that attempts to curtail production or spread prove too great of a risk to Veil integrity. Foundation and GoI-1496 efforts are focused on harm mitigation. In spite of this, ##blue|[*https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Farmers%27_suicides_in_India#Punjabi_Farmers'_Suicides_in_India current trends continue.]##

<< [SCP-9679](SCP-9679) | SCP-9680 | [SCP-9681](SCP-9681) >>
