=====

=====

 

@@ @@

  

### ***Special Containment Procedures***

  

Following Incident-9566-A, SCP-9566 is to remain unconscious while its body is contained inside a specially designed titanium-reinforced containment pod large enough to hold it, with modules designed for cooling the inner temperature of the pod active at all times, to below 5°C. The containment pod for SCP-9566 should be contained within a steel room within Site-███, located in Siberia.

<details>
<summary>Previous containment procedures prior to Incident-9566-A</summary>

SCP-9566 is to remain contained within a Standard Secure Humanoid Containment Cell inside Site-19. Every 24 hours, half a liter of water originating from the Nile river is to be granted to SCP-9566, to satisfy its needs as to not have it attempt to breach containment.-

Personnel assigned to interaction with SCP-9566 must not refer to its stay at Site-19 as containment, or imply such. All references to its stay at Site-19 must be referred to as a temporary stay.

</details>

 

### ***Description***

  

SCP-9566 is a humanoid figure which is made entirely out of sand. SCP-9566's body contains no clear features, beyond eye sockets from which a yellow light emanates, a nose and ears.

The sand that makes up the body behaves as a single cohesive body, and is not granular or separable. SCP-9566 has proven that it can separate part of the sand out of its body to form constructs resembling other objects, which are also a single cohesive body unless destroyed. When doing this, the sand in SCP-9566's body regenerates on its own. The sand on SCP-9566's body emanates and has a temperature of 53.2°C, and the sands on its constructs have one in the range of 35-45°C.

Constructs studied by the foundation have found to date the sand in SCP-9566's body, and by extension SCP-9566, to around the 21st century BCE.

SCP-9566 was discovered by an archaeology team on December 10th 2008, deep inside the ruins of a temple complex dating back to the 13th century BCE, 60 kilometers west of the ancient Egyptian city Thebes. It was originally in a dormant state before one of the members of the crew had turned on a lighter due to the cold temperatures, causing SCP-9566 to awaken and then quickly start retreating outside of the temple complex to the East, however it was intercepted when Foundation surveillance detected it after it had reached the outskirts of the city of Luxor. All witnesses were given Class C Amnestics.

 

### ***Addendum.1***

   

Shortly after its containment, several interviews were performed with SCP-9566.

**Interviewed: SCP-9566**

**Interviewer:** Junior Researcher Frank Valdez

**Foreword:** This interview was conducted following the successful containment of SCP-9566 inside SCP-9566's containment area in Site-19. Recorded via security camera.

---

<*Begin log*>

*Dr. Valdez enters the containment area, a room containing only SCP-9566.*

**SCP-9566:** Who enters here?

**Dr. Valdez:** My name is Doctor Valdez, SCP-9566, I'm here to interview you about, well, many things, really..

*SCP-9566 stands up, looking directly at Doctor Valdez, before from its body, sand comes out, forming and hardening into two seats, as it places them opposing and sits on one of them.*

**SCP-9566:** Rest easy, Doctor. I am happy to speak.

*Dr. Valdez's expression changes to one of slight surprise, as he slowly sits down.*

**Dr. Valdez:** You seem quite.. cooperative.

**SCP-9566:** How could I not? I have been granted both shelter here, and freedom from my seal.

**Dr. Valdez:** Right. Seal? What seal?

*SCP-9566 hunches over, seeming confused.*

**SCP-9566:** That temple complex built by the High Priest, it was under Paser The High Priest of Amun during the middle of the reign of Ramesses II 's orders upon my capture by those Medjay fools A paramilitary policing force during the Eighteenth and Nineteenth dynasties of Ancient Egypt , that I would be sealed by the priests in that Temple. It was my thinking that you worked with the people that had freed me?

**Dr. Valdez:** No, we aren't the people who freed you. 

**SCP-9566:** I see, that makes more sense.

**Dr. Valdez:** I will say I'm curious though, how were you 'sealed' in that temple?

**SCP-9566:** The priests of that secretive temple had been magicians trained directly under the High Priest's orders in what were publicly thought to be forbidden arts. Even now, I cannot recall what they had done, I apologize for my lack of knowledge on their techniques, but what I did recall is that I felt cold, colder than the winter night near the river, before I fell to what I thought would be an eternal slumber.

**Dr. Valdez:** And.. why did they even do that to you..?

**SCP-9566:** The High Priest thought me a demon! A so-called enemy of his Gods! How foolish, I am clearly no demon, even if those Gods of his trick his mind into believing otherwise!

*SCP-9566 lays back in its seat.*

**SCP-9566:** Say Doctor, do you believe in those Gods?

**Dr. Valdez:** I don't think anyone has for thousands of years, really..

**SCP-9566:** Thousands?! How long has it been since I was sealed?!

**Dr. Valdez:** Well, that temple was at least 3000 years old, from what I've heard.

**SCP-9566:** So the priests were around for thousands of years keeping me sealed?! They must really have believed I was a threat!

**Dr. Valdez:** No, actually, it seems the temple was abandoned around after Rameesses the Second's rule ended, which was around 60 years.

**SCP-9566:** So then, why did no one find me..?

**Dr. Valdez:** Perhaps no one found the temple, or no one managed to 'free' you.

**SCP-9566:** Well, I have most surely been freed now, and the reason for that is clearly because it is His way of guiding me.

**Dr. Valdez:** ..who, exactly?

**SCP-9566:** That man who had created me centuries before my sealing. My God.

**Dr. Valdez:** Your.. God..?

**SCP-9566:** I know too little about Him, I have not even met Him, but those who have met Him, have told me enough! They've told me He originates from a High Castle far beyond the deserts, that He's a gifted sorcerer perhaps able to challenge such devilish entities as Amun. It is clear to me now, He had decided that my fate would be, to be freed by the likes of you, so that I can continue my journey to finding Him!

**Dr. Valdez:** So- so hold on.. you think that he's led you to be freed so that you can continue some journey to him..?

**SCP-9566:** Not think, I am sure of that idea!

**Dr. Valdez:** Why, again..?

**SCP-9566:** It is quite simple Doctor, with how my life has been before my sealing, it is clear he has power over my fate.

**Dr. Valdez:** That doesn't make sense, why would you be sealed in that case?

**SCP-9566:** ..You said it has been 3000 years, yes?

**Dr. Valdez:** Correct..?

**SCP-9566:** Perhaps.. he wanted me to continue my journey in this time! Yes, that makes.. the most sense.

**Dr. Valdez:** That's a very, very strange line of thinking..

**SCP-9566:** Fate is in his hands, of course he'd weave it to such that this could occur!

**Dr. Valdez:** Right.. why do you want to find him so badly, anyway?

**SCP-9566:** Would you too, not want to find whoever created you and ask him; "Oh dear creator of mine, why have you created me in this form, decided that my life would be like this?"

**Dr. Valdez:** I would say, this is something I used to think of much.. When I was a child, at least.

**SCP-9566:** Bah, the notion that you'd lose such an aspiration is foolish, mad even!

**Dr. Valdez:** I'm simply not a religious man anymore, that's all.

**SCP-9566:** Why's that?

**Dr. Valdez:** I'm not one to believe in any specific God really.

**SCP-9566:** How preposterous..

**Dr. Valdez:** Anyhow.. how do you plan on reaching this High Castle place?

**SCP-9566:** Do you know what intuition is, Doctor?

**Dr. Valdez:** Yes, of course.

**SCP-9566:** My creator has implanted me with intuition, more excellent than that of the greatest explorers of the desert, of the greatest warriors of Thebes. Such intuition has led me to find out many clues detailing where the High Castle must be, yes, it must be somewhere far, far in the North beyond Egypt. I need only find few more clues to pinpoint its exact area.

**Dr. Valdez:** He put in you.. intuition? What else did he put in you?

**SCP-9566:** The gift of creation, which if I one day master, I could rival even that demonic bird Ra's feats of creating life in itself. You already saw one example had you not? From my body I created the very seats where we are sat on. Such power as this is my most useful, it has helped me survive numerous hunts by numerous foes who seek to destroy me in Amun's name, or whoever other one of those spineless Gods of theirs. 

*SCP-9566 pauses for a second, looking above.* 

**SCP-9566:** Another thing he put in me is the ability on understanding any tongues, which is why I can speak your strange tongue.

**Dr. Valdez:** Alright, hold on- Say you reach this High Castle place, what do you do then? 

**SCP-9566:** I.. I do not know. Perhaps that is a question I must ask my creator Himself once I meet Him.

*SCP-9566 then looked to the ground, before looking back at Dr. Valdez.*

**SCP-9566:** But, Doctor, I am sure that whatever he answers shall be an enlightening task for me.

*SCP-9566 began to look around.*

**SCP-9566:** Say, is there any way for me to request anything of value?

**Dr. Valdez:** Ah, you can simply ask me, but why mention it?

**SCP-9566:** I'll be spending my time here getting refreshed, so I'd like some water from the Nile river!

**Dr. Valdez:** Noted, but- your time here?

**SCP-9566:** I cannot stay here for long, I must inevitably continue my journey, which is what I shall do. At least, once I am finished my rest from my seal here!

*Dr. Valdez pauses for a few seconds, not knowing what to say.*

**SCP-9566:** You seem quite confused, Doctor, is something of the matter?

**Dr. Valdez:** No, no- nothing.

**SCP-9566:** I see.. if I may ask, where is this place exactly?

**Dr. Valdez:** Somewhere farther out west, where I don't assume you have ever heard of before.

**SCP-9566:** I see, I see! Can you tell me more?

**Dr. Valdez:** I wouldn't know if I can.

**SCP-9566:** Oh that's disappointing, why wouldn't you?!

**Dr. Valdez:** Well- I don't know what to tell you, except that it isn't for you to know.

**SCP-9566:** That's very strange.. well, do you have any other questions for me?

**Dr. Valdez:** Hmmm.. do you think your creator made other creations?

**SCP-9566:** No, but I am sure there are others like me! Those who told me about my creator said He had a.. a fascination, yes, a fascination for many "attributes". Attributes such as creation, destruction, the fall, forgiveness, resurrection. I embody Creation do I not? Perhaps others embody the other four.

**Dr. Valdez:** Those five seem quite random, especially 'the fall'..

**SCP-9566:** You cannot expect me to understand the mind of my maker, I doubt you understand the mind of yours either Doctor?

**Dr. Valdez:** You're right about that, I suppose. I must ask though, why were you heading to Thebes if your journey is to a place in the North?

**SCP-9566:** Retaliation. It was my assumption that this was still the time where Ramesses ruled, and so I had sought to retaliate against the priests of Thebes for what they had done, for sealing me for eternity. And most definitely if any other groups of people attempt the same, they shall face retaliation too.

*Dr. Valdez's eyes shot wide open, as if he'd realize something.*

**Dr. Valdez:** By sealing do you only mean the thing with the magic sealing, or do you mean any kind of.. trapping?

**SCP-9566:** All forms. None shall disallow my path, Doctor, none!

**Dr Valdez:** I see..

*Dr. Valdez stood up, looking down on SCP-9566.*

**Dr. Valdez:** This has been most productive, I thank you for your cooperation, but I must go now.

*Dr. Valdez exited the containment area, leaving SCP-9566 alone.*

*<End Log>*

4 days into SCP-9566's containment, the second interview between Dr. Valdez and SCP-9566 was performed after approval from Lead Researcher for SCP-9566 Dr. Mikhail Romanov. Dr. Valdez was given instructions on finding out SCP-9566's capabilities when forming constructs from its body, seen multiple times during its containment.

**Interviewed: SCP-9566**

**Interviewer:** Junior Researcher Frank Valdez

**Foreword:** This interview was conducted 4 days after SCP-9566's containment inside Site-19 began. Recorded via security camera.

---

<*Begin log*>

*Dr. Valdez enters the containment area, closing the door behind him. The floor is now covered by the flattened sand, and there are several furniture and decorations made of sand now, with SCP-9566 sitting on a makeshift bed created from the sand.*

**SCP-9566:** Ah, Doctor! I have been waiting for your return, I had enjoyed the last time we spent talking together.

**Dr. Valdez:** I see you have done some redecorating?

**SCP-9566:** How could I not Doctor? 

**Dr. Valdez:** I don't remember this room being so.. hot..

**SCP-9566:** Of course, Doctor. My creations are quite warm, like the heat of the summer day wandering in the desert. Is warmth not such a gentle, beautiful sensation?

**Dr. Valdez:** It definitely is for some people..

*Dr. Valdez sits down on one of the opposing sand seats.*

**Dr. Valdez:** So, I've been wondering on your.. talents.

*SCP-9566 lays back in its seat, looking at Dr. Valdez.*

**SCP-9566:** My gifts, you mean?

**Dr. Valdez:** Yes, definitely. I'd like to know, last time you said you could master your "creation" gift. How exactly has that gone so far?

**SCP-9566:** So far, I am able to create any unmoving object from my body, however I plan to learn how to form objects I could perhaps move from afar.

**Dr. Valdez:** Remotely moving your constructs? How do you plan to learn that?

**SCP-9566:** My creations are still of my body, thus if I could master my focus, I could fully control them when they are separate.

**Dr. Valdez:** I see. Besides that project, what would you say is your most.. accomplished usage of your gift?

*SCP-9566 looks at the ground to the left, before suddenly, a small pyramid made entirely out of cohesive sand appears into existence.*

**SCP-9566:** Behold! Creating these pyramids is my greatest feat! Not only can I create them anywhere my eyes look, but anything in the space of where they spawn is erased! Not to mention, I can also create them floating!

*SCP-9566 looks above Dr. Valdez's head, before another small pyramid forms, floating directly above him.*

**Dr. Valdez:** Oh god-

*Dr. Valdez looked at the pyramid floating above his head, seeming alarmed, before exhaling and looking back at SCP-9566.*

**Dr. Valdez:** When did you learn how to accomplish this?

**SCP-9566:** I had discovered that I could do such a thing yesterday, after experimenting with several constructs, and focusing on specific spaces.

**Dr. Valdez:** So it is relatively new.. I must ask, is there anything that prevents you from using your gift?

*SCP-9566 paused, looking behind Dr. Valdez at the door, before looking back at Dr. Valdez.*

**SCP-9566:** Why do you ask..?

**Dr. Valdez:** Perhaps..

*Dr. Valdez paused for a few seconds.*

**Dr. Valdez:** It could be useful, in discovering resistances to it for your freshening up..?

**SCP-9566:** Hmmm..

*SCP-9566 pauses, looking directly at Dr. Valdez.*

**SCP-9566:** Excess water.

**Dr. Valdez:** I see, thank you for answering. That will be all today.

*Dr. Valdez stands up, looking at the door.*

**SCP-9566:** Patience Doctor. I have questions of my own.

*Dr. Valdez looks back at SCP-9566, alarmed.*

**Dr. Valdez:** Those being..?

**SCP-9566:** It is quite strange to me now seeing you ask so much. Does this temple record information for knowledge's sake?

**Dr. Valdez:** Uh, well-

*Dr. Valdez pauses for a few seconds, looking at the security camera, before looking back at SCP-9566.*

**Dr. Valdez:** ...yes, that is correct.

*SCP-9566 stands up, its eye sockets squinting.*

**SCP-9566:** I see.

*SCP-9566 turns its back on Dr. Valdez.* 

**SCP-9566:** Tell the priests of this temple that I must go on and continue my journey in 9 days.

**Dr. Valdez:** Right, yes..

*Dr. Valdez exits the containment area, closing the door.*

<*End Log*>

The following is a description of SCP-9566's pyramid construct, hereby dubbed SCP-9566-A

**Object:** SCP-9566-A

**Properties:** A 20x20 cm pyramid shaped structure able to be instantly created in any space SCP-9566 looks upon. Its' surface is smooth, cohesive sand similar to SCP-9566's body, and when formed, it erases any matter in the space it occupies. Does not abide by gravity when formed, thus able to float, until destroyed.

Dr. Valdez would request a transfer from working on SCP-9566 following this second interview, one that would be promptly denied by Dr. Romanov.

 

### ***Addendum.2***

   

Foundation-led exploration of the temple complex where SCP-9566 was found led to the discovery of several hieroglyphics written on a wall. The following is a translation of those hieroglyphics to English.

> The following room ahead is the containment room of the Man of Sand, an antidivine demon made entirely out of Sand.

> 

> The Man of Sand was found arriving from Mesopotamia years prior, and was watched under the orders of the former High Priest Nebwenenef until the new High Priest Paser ordered his capture, declaring him a demon against the values of Egypt.

>

> Upon his capture, divine magic granted by the God Shu The God of the Wind in Egyptian Mythology was used in a spell in which the Man of Sand's energy was pulled inwards, leading into quick exhaustion for him, after which he attempted to construct tendrils to pierce Temple priests however passing out after murdering one, may Osiris bless his soul. 

> 

> It is believed that the spell's effects on the Man of Sand shall last for at the very least 800 years, at the very most 2000, before he has fully warmed back to his original body heat, unless he is hydrated, for water that is not as cold as the Assyrian mountains has been discovered to energize the Man of Sand"Water energizing SCP-9566 contradicts the prior claim that excess water acts as a weakness from SCP-9566. It is now believed SCP-9566 was providing false information, deliberately." -Dr. Romanov .

> 

> Under no circumstance is Man of Sand to be removed from this Temple.

Following this discovery, an experiment involving SCP-9566 and wind occurred, with the goal of confirming the premise that SCP-9566 may be exhausted due to wind set by the hieroglyphics found in the temple.

**Date:** December 19th 2008

**Note:** SCP-9566 accepted the experiment, believing it to be a form of training itself.

---

**17:12:** SCP-9566 enters the experiment testing chamber. 

**17:14:** In front of SCP-9566, 2 air blowers activated, strong winds expelled in SCP-9566's direction. SCP-9566 shows mild annoyance as a reaction, attempting to not being pushed back by the winds.

**17:16:** SCP-9566 is asked to use its construction properties, specifically spawning SCP-9566-A. It does so several times.

**17:17:** The air blowers deactivate. SCP-9566 shows no sign of exhaustion beyond the level seen normally.

**17:20:** SCP-9566 returns to its containment area.

 

**Closing Statement:** Experiment resulted in discovery that wind does not act as the primary weakness of SCP-9566.

Following the experiment, continued studying of the temple of discovery for SCP-9566 was granted by Dr. Romanov, in further attempts to discover how SCP-9566 was sealed.

The following is a report on further discoveries in the temple.

> There seems to be nothing useful here at all, at least to SCP-9566's containment. What was discovered was that the temple contained many other rooms similar to SCP-9566's, implying that it may have also acted as a containment site for other "antidivine demons". Each room had unique peculiarities, with SCP-9566's room having an abnormal temperature of 2-4°C depending on the time of day.

In order to gather more information, Foundation analysts would take note of SCP-9566's change in behavior across several days, keeping notes on the days.

Days analyzed

December 22nd

SCP-9566's behavior was as it has usually been throughout the previous days, constantly using its properties to construct and then remove its constructions

December 23rd

SCP-9566's behavior was the same once more, consistently using its properties.

December 24th

SCP-9566 did not continue with its routine schedule, instead acting more stagnated and constructing only two times the entire day. On that day, notably, Site-19's heating malfunctioned for most of it, occasionally activating but as cooling instead, causing temperatures to be increasingly colder due to the winter, lack of heating, and occasional cooling.

The knowledge of SCP-9566's behavior on December 24th and the knowledge of SCP-9566's temple containment room being abnormally colder, as well the academic correlation of the Egyptian God Shu with cold temperatures, lead into the new assumption that SCP-9566's sealing in the 13th century had occurred through SCP-9566 being quickly exhausted due to low temperatures.

### ***Addendum.3***

   

On the 13th day of containment, SCP-9566 refused the routine arrival of water, before removing all of its constructed decorations and furniture, and then, it began to repeatedly bang on the door for 3 hours, demanding to be let out. This was ignored, leading to SCP-9566 to eventually stop.

On the 14th day of containment, the third interview between Dr. Valdez and SCP-9566 would begin.

**Interviewed: SCP-9566**

**Interviewer:** Junior Researcher Frank Valdez

**Foreword:** This interview was conducted 14 days after SCP-9566's containment inside Site-19 began. Recorded via security camera. Dr. Valdez would interview via intercom instead of directly.

---

<*Begin log*>

*SCP-9566 stood still in its containment area, unmoving.*

**Dr. Valdez:** Hello again, SCP-9566..

*Dr. Valdez's voice blasts loud through the intercom inside the containment area. SCP-9566 stands up, looking above to try to figure out where the voice was coming from.*

**SCP-9566:** How are you speaking, Doctor?

**Dr. Valdez:** A device allowing me to talk remotely, SCP-9566. Now, today I'd like to ask some questions on-

**SCP-9566:** Doctor, I would first like to ask my own questions.

**Dr. Valdez:** Alright, sure.

**SCP-9566:** What does SCP-9566 mean? It is a strange way to refer to me, especially when it is simply a string of numbers.

**Dr. Valdez:** It is your codename, in essence.

**SCP-9566:** And why do I need such an epithet?

**Dr. Valdez:** Helps us keep track of how many we have.

**SCP-9566:** How many people you keep..?

**Dr. Valdez:** You aren't the only one with "shelter" in this building, and we have many other places like this around the world too.

**SCP-9566:** Right, right. Let me say Doctor, I am most bewildered.

**Dr. Valdez:** By what?

**SCP-9566:** I informed you, twice during both times you have asked me questions, that I would leave yesterday. But, your people have not granted me passage.

**Dr. Valdez:** SCP-9566, you are currently being **contained.** Does that answer your question?

**SCP-9566:** Contained? As in trapped here? Now is not the time for jokes, Doctor!

**Dr. Valdez:** I am not joking, SCP-9566. You are being contained here, permanently, because you are anomalous.

**SCP-9566:** So- so- you are telling me, that all this time you had concealed that fact from me? The fact that you are simply sealing me again?! Not just that, but you had not cleared up my false assumptions, and you had also acted so hospitable, just to make me appreciate being here?! How could you do such a thing, Doctor?

**Dr. Valdez:** Had you found out so quickly, you would've breached containment before we could study-

**SCP-9566:** Study? STUDY?! You wish to study me as if I am some animal, while abusing my trust in your hospitality?! In your kindness and generosity?! You deceitful backstabber, Doctor, all of you priests! I should've known not to trust those who run another temple like this, not again!

*SCP-9566 would locate the intercom in the room, before looking directly at it.*

**Dr. Valdez:** SCP-9566, would you calm down-

*SCP-9566-A would spawn in the area where the intercom radio was, destroying it.*

<*End Log>*

 

### ***Addendum.4***

   

4 hours after its third interview, SCP-9566 would attempt to breach containment in an incident now referred to as Incident-9566-A

**Date:** December 24th 2008

**Note:** Incident-9566-A would result in several casualties and a permanent change to SCP-9566's containment procedures.

---

<*Begin Log*>

 

**10:04:** 30 minutes following the interview, Dr. Romanov requests to Site Director Eric Cross that all heating in Site-19 be disabled, and that cooling in the Site be activated, which combined with the Siberian temperature would lead temperatures inside Site-19 to descend below 4°C over the course of several hours, in preparation for a possible containment breach from SCP-9566.

**13:35:** SCP-9566 stands up after having been sitting down on the floor for 11 minutes following its interview, looking around.

**13:36-38:** SCP-9566 looks directly at the door, as a SCP-9566-A instance is formed inside of it before bursting away, creating a hole in the area and allowing SCP-9566 to exit the containment area. 2 nearby security guards aim their firearms at SCP-9566, but SCP-9566 spawns 2 SCP-9566-A instances in their heads, killing them instantly as the golden light emanating from its eye sockets dim slightly, before beginning to walk around looking for Dr. Valdez.

**13:40:** Alarms in Site-19 would activate, signaling a containment breach to the staff.

**13:42:** As it looks for Dr. Valdez, 4 security guards arrive to SCP-9566's location, and begin firing at it with their weapons. 4 tendril-like constructs come out of SCP-9566's body, wrapping around the necks of the 4 guards and suffocating them. SCP-9566 continues walking as the tendrils return to the body, but it walks slower, more tired, and its eye-light dims.

**13:44:** Site Director Cross calls Mobile Task Force Epsilon-11 to Site-19.

**13:46:** As it wanders, looking for Dr. Valdez, SCP-9566 walks over to Site-19's Research Sector, where several researchers are located.

**13:47-52:** Several researchers spot SCP-9566 and run off including Dr. Romanov, SCP-9566 ignores them until it finds Dr. Valdez, who was also running off to the sector's exit.

*The following is audio from 13:52 to 13:55 of Incident-9566-A.*

**SCP-9566:** Doctor, I have been looking- all over- for you..

*SCP-9566 takes a step forward to Dr. Valdez, its voice sounds tired. Dr. Valdez takes several steps back, his face distraught.*

**Dr. Valdez:** 9566, please, think-

*SCP-9566 takes another step forward.*

**SCP-9566:** You shall not call me by such a pitiful name as numbers like that!-

*SCP-9566 takes one more step forward, looking around to make sure no one was nearby.*

**SCP-9566:** Tell me, Doctor- what reason could you possibly have for what you did?!

**Dr. Valdez:** You're.. talking about..?

*MTF Epsilon-11 arrives at Site-19, looking for SCP-9566.*

**SCP-9566:** Taking advantage of my foolishness, as if I am merely some naive child no less!

**Dr. Valdez:** I had to, you have to understand!

**SCP-9566:** What do you mean you had to?

**Dr. Valdez:** This, this is my life's work!- I work in these places to contain the abnormal, the anomalous, because of what would happen to society if I did not!

**SCP-9566:** Why would you be so afraid of what someone like me would do if freed?

**Dr. Valdez:** I've seen it all the same- that's why I joined when I had the opportunity in the first place. All I've seen the anomalous do, is destroy, destroy, and destroy. Families torn apart because the son befriends a strange creature that convinces them to do whatever fucked up shit to his parents, leading to only the father's relatives to remain- or buildings having their residents massacred by anything remotely hostile for any reason- or whatever! It's all I see, and if we weren't around to contain all of them, than everyone on this planet would be corpses!

*SCP-9566 takes a step back.*

**SCP-9566:** So- so.. you think that just because someone isn't "normal", than they must be sealed off to prevent something that could happen?

**Dr. Valdez:** Why shouldn't I?

*SCP-9566 takes several steps forward despite its' exhaustion, reaching Dr. Valdez.*

**SCP-9566:** Have you no pity for the cursed?!

*Dr. Valdez attempts to run off, but SCP-9566 holds his arm, preventing him.*

**SCP-9566:** You think that everyone granted such abnormalities, shall always cause disasters to civilization, no matter the person?!

*SCP-9566 lets go of Dr. Valdez.*

**SCP-9566:** You are surely understanding enough.. to see the wrong in that?

*SCP-9566 takes a step back.*

**SCP-9566:** Because I believe your soul is not so sinful, as for you to not understand how wrong sealing some people like that are.

**Dr. Valdez:** Why- why are you so sure on that idea..?

**SCP-9566:** Freedom is something necessary for someone's entire life. Without freedom, one can never accomplish their goals, never find their own happiness, never do anything, *anything*, that would grant their lives meaning. So taking away someone's freedom because of a mere possibility, is the purest form of evil, such was it from my experiences of that pain. Surely you understand that, Doctor..?

*Dr. Valdez looks around.*

**SCP-9566:** Doctor? 

*In the room, the sounds of footsteps coming could be heard, Dr. Valdez begins to run off after now being freed.*

**SCP-9566:** So you don't understand..

*Before he could exit the room, a SCP-9566-A instance spawned in place of his head, his headless body falling on the ground. SCP-9566 would stand still for a few seconds, before beginning to groan, its eye-light dimming to where the light was nearly gone.*

**SCP-9566:** Why is this place so cold..?

*SCP-9566 would walk out of the room, beginning to look for the exit. After a minute of SCP-9566's slow and exhausted wandering, SCP-9566 would run into members of MTF Epsilon-11.*

**SCP-9566:** How many of you are there?!-

*As SCP-9566 attempts to construct a tendril from its body to defend itself, but before it could be fully created, its eye-light fully dims and it passes out from exhaustion.*

Following Incident-9566-A, SCP-9566's special containment procedures would be altered, in order to render it continually unconscious, and it would be transferred to Site-███.

<< [SCP-9565](SCP-9565) | SCP-9566 | [SCP-9567](SCP-9567) >>
