**Item #:** SCP-9519

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Object SCP-9519 is to be contained in a vat of water fitted with a gaseous extraction apparatus; fumes resulting from Item-A are to be stored and must eventually undergo combustion.

Periodically, the water in the tank is to be partially drained, separated, diluted, and agitated to a feasible extent in order to neutralise any excess volume of Item-A -- SCP-9519 microorganisms can only survive in proximity to other members. The main containment unit is then to be refilled with water equal in volume to that extracted.

Extreme care is to be taken when handling liquids in proximity of SCP-9519.

**Description:** Object is an extremophilic species of yeast, capable of partially fermenting any liquid it exists in via enigmatic chemical means.

By using local reagents from its immediate environment, SCP-9519 produces a volatile brown-black substance during metabolism. Examination of this matter tends to yield indeterminate results; its molecular composition remains unknown. This substance acts as a near-universal solute, contaminating the volume of whatever liquid it is in -- such fluids are termed instances of Item-A and can be distinguished by their mild effervescence.

Liquids compromised by SCP-9519 present two unique sensory hazards. Should an observer perceive the distinct aroma emanating from a contaminated substance, they will be subject to a strong compulsive effect to locate and consume any Item-A present in the surrounding area. If they are successful in drinking such liquid and comprehend its gustatory qualities, an addictive, long-lasting euphoria will be instilled in them, inducing a long-term desire to obtain more of Item-A, hoard it, and regularly consume it. These individuals are termed instances of Item-B.

Regardless of what liquid was used for the production of Item-A, even if highly hazardous, affected individuals will show no apparent discomfort when consuming the chemical cocktail -- they are not, however, immune to the effects such a liquid might bring. If not initially killed by drinking Item-A with dangerous "base" substances, Item-B instances will begin to start cultivating their own SCP-9519, experimenting with different liquids to produce different "flavours". Obvious mats of SCP-9519 culture may build up in these systems, occasionally quivering and shrinking away from touch.

Those affected may secretively introduce contaminated liquid to others, who then become vulnerable to the cognition-affecting aspects of Item-A.

Continued consumption of Item-A will degrade an individual's immune system over time due to the presence of the paranormal yeast; combined with the often risky choice of liquid base for Item-A instances, affected individuals will have their health degrade and their bodily fluids slowly replaced by Item-A. Victims undergoing this process universally disregard symptoms such as vomiting Item-A, having brown-black fluid leak from their nose, and even collapsing eyeballs as the contaminated liquid replaces vitreous humour.

Eventually, an Item-B instance will die due to their body not being able to sustain the presence of SCP-9519 any longer. When this happens, the corpse will gradually liquefy into a fizzing puddle of Item-A, ready for another victim to recognise, drink, and collect it.  

**Discovery:** SCP-9519 was retrieved after an emergency call from a child's birthday party was intercepted. The call was made by the only supervising parent, a recent widow -- an Item-A instance made from bleach had apparently been served as a drink at the party, fatally harming several attending children. The caller seemed oblivious to the lethality of Item-A.

When Program personnel arrived at the scene of the abnormality, they discovered the caller lying dead on the floor, bleeding a black substance from a gash in her head, having collapsed spontaneously. Examination of the property found no survivors; SCP-9519 was otherwise recovered without incident.

Further inspection of the residence revealed a hidden cabinet with numerous Item-A instances, made from liquids including:

* Spoiled milk

* Red paint

* Diluted battery acid

* Water containing human waste

* A thick slurry of decomposing liquefied human tissue

DNA analysis of the latter revealed significant similarities to the caller.

 << [SCP-9518](SCP-9518) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9520](SCP-9520) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Kombucha scobies.jpg

> **Author:** Hexatekin

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Kombucha_scobies.jpg

> **Filename:** Bacteria yeast and fungi 02.jpg

> **Author:** Korinna

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Bacteria_yeast_and_fungi_02.jpg

=====
