**Item #:** SCP-9921

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9921 is to be held in a standard Safe-class containment cell at Site-11. The speaker of SCP-9921 has been removed and placed within a standard containment locker at Site-11. MTF Alpha-1 (“Red Right Hand”) has the authority to handle all containment procedures relating to SCP-9921.

<details>
<summary>Show Archived Special Containment Procedures.</summary>

SCP-9921 is to be held in a 1m by 1m by 5m glass case and placed within the mess hall of Site-9. SCP-9921 is to be given 15L of gasoline every 4 months in order to keep it functioning. Site staff are encouraged to speak with SCP-9921 if they are experiencing feelings of depression or in need of comforting.

</details>

**Description:** SCP-9921 is a 1m tall humanoid automaton composed of several metals, mainly bronze, copper and gold. As SCP-9921 was under construction at the time of discovery it lacks legs and proper arms preventing self locomotion. In order to function, SCP-9921 requires 15L of gasoline deposited into a fuel tank on its back every 4 months. The components that allow SCP-9921 to function far exceed any technologies available at the time of its construction and are still difficult or next to impossible to recreate in the modern day. 

In the center of SCP-9921’s face are 2 advanced camera lensesFor the standards of 1910. which act as its source of vision. SCP-9921 has a speaker embedded in its mouth which it uses to communicate. SCP-9921 refers to itself as “Martin” and claims its reason for being constructed is to “comfort the depressed populace and inspire them to build a better world”. Conversations with SCP-9921 are often described as “pleasant” or “uplifting” as it actively encourages people to confide in it and offers advice or condolences to issues people are experiencing. 

SCP-9921 was discovered on 01/11/1909 in the home of Edgar Roy, a deceased inventor previously living in Summerside, Prince Edward Island, Canada. Foundation investigators were unable to deduce how Roy acquired the technologies used in the construction of SCP-9921. SCP-9921 has gone through extensive testing and is determined to be incapable of violence or promoting violence.. 

On 30/11/1927 SCP-9921 would be moved to Site-9 as morale at the site had been declining and it was thought that SCP-9921’s uplifting behaviour could serve as a morale boost for site staff. Unknown to the Foundation at the time, SCP-9921 possessed a mind-altering cognitohazard ability where it is capable of inverting the moral standards of individuals that hear its voice. This aspect of SCP-9921 was not discovered until 1928 when it forced the loyal staff of Site-9 to take up arms against the Foundation and release Keter-class anomalies. MTF Alpha-1 (“Red Right Hand”) managed to regain control of the site before a major containment breach occurred but not without site staff sustaining multiple casualties. The surviving staff members were rendered mentally impaired as a result of SCP-9921’s influence. Due to the incident the cognitohazard screening protocols have been greatly improved to insure an incident such as this will never be repeated.

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 5/9921 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 5/9921 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

**Addendum-9921-1:** Multiple documents have been saved to this file. All documents contain context and information related to SCP-9921's history at the Foundation.

<details>
<summary>+ Open: Site-9 Dossier. Circa 1919.</summary>

# SCP Foundation Secure Facility Dossier

**Official Designation:** SCP Foundation Canadian Tundra Research and Containment Facility

**Site Identification Code:** CTRC-Site-9

---

## General Information

**Site Function:** Containment of Keter-class entities along with anomalies from northern Canada and other arctic regions.

**Founded:** 22 May, 1899

**Founding Director:** Dr. Joseph Vaillancourt

**Location:** Northern Northwest TerritoriesNow known as the Inuvik Region., Canada 

**Cover Story:** Trading post settlement. 

**Size:** 30 acres

---

## Site Overview

Site-9 is a remote facility dedicated to the research and containment of Keter-class anomalous objects and entities. The site can be used to hold anomalies acclimated to arctic conditions as well. The remote location of the Northwest Territories has been chosen to insure that if a containment breach occurs it would not pose a threat to any major population centers. 

Given its remote location, Site-9 has an on site convenience store stocked with a variety of goods and supplies. The Foundation operated cargo ship, the *SCPS Beaufort*, will deliver new goods and supplies every 5 months. A small lighthouse is situated on site to assist the *Beaufort* in locating Site-9 during times of low visibility. 

Site-9 is made up of 4 buildings each specialising in a different function.

**Building-1**

First floor: Staff Housing, Offices, Mess Hall, Medical Bay. Second Floor: Administrative Staff Housing, Administrative Offices, Radio Control Room and Radio Tower. 

**Building-2**

Object Containment, D-class Housing, Laboratory-A. 

**Building-3**

Entity Containment, Laboratory-B, Laboratory-C.

**Building-4**

On Site Convenience store, Armory, Records, Storage, Dock, Lighthouse.

---

## Staffing Information

**Site Director:** Dr. Joseph Vaillancourt

**Asst. Site Director:** Alexander Jankowski

**Director of Research:** Dr. Alfred Stone 

**Director of Containment:** Jack Bennett

**Chief of Security:** Moses Shoemaker 

**Medical Director:** Dr. Wilbur van Leeuwen

**On-Site Personnel:** 124

: Administrative Personnel: 6

* Researchers: 30

* Security Personnel: 46

* Maintenance Personnel: 11

* Medical Personnel: 12

* D-Class: 12

* Other: 7 

---

## Site Rules & Regulations

: Staff are to remain on site for the duration of their deployment (approximately 8 to 10 months of the year).

* 

* Communication with individuals outside of Site-9 is strictly prohibited while on site. 

* 

* Revealing information about the SCP Foundation to outside individuals is strictly prohibited and will result in demotion to D-class.

* 

* If any provided equipment is damaged or lost it is the duty of the recipient to pay for a replacement. Replacements can be purchased at the on site general store. 

* 

* Staff indebted to the on site general store are prohibited from leaving the site even if their deployment has ended and are required to continue working until the debt is paid off. 

* 

* Any major transgressions against the SCP Foundation by staff will result in a demotion to D-class. Site Director Vaillancourt holds the authority to decide what constitutes a major transgression.It should be noted that site directors no longer hold the authority to demote a staff member to D-class.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open: Collection of anonymous surveys on SCP-9921's effectiveness.</summary>

# Collection of anonymous surveys on SCP-9921's effectiveness

The staff of Site-9 were given an optional survey to observe SCP-9921’s effectiveness. Only 5 staff members filled out the survey.

> +++ Anonymous Survey on SCP-9921’s Effectiveness

> 

> **Issue or problem you are experiencing:** A friend died during a containment breach.

> 

> **Did SCP-9921 help you deal with this problem:** It said it would help me grieve.

> +++ Anonymous Survey on SCP-9921’s Effectiveness

> 

> **Issue or problem you are experiencing:** My wife was due to give birth last month but I couldn't go see her because I’m in debt to the fucking general store. Why does any small rip, tear or smudge warrant buying a replacement? 

> 

> **Did SCP-9921 help you deal with this problem:** No.

> +++ Anonymous Survey on SCP-9921’s Effectiveness 

> 

> **Issue or problem you are experiencing:** *[This section was left blank.]*  

> 

> **Did SCP-9921 help you deal with this problem:** Yes. He’s very kind.

> +++ Anonymous Survey on SCP-9921’s Effectiveness 

> 

> **Issue or problem you are experiencing:** SCP-9921 is naked.

> 

> **Did SCP-9921 help you deal with this problem:** No, I helped him. I put a hat on him. Now he’s not naked.

> +++ Anonymous Survey on SCP-9921’s Effectiveness 

> 

> **Issue or problem you are experiencing:** The problem I’m experiencing is not knowing if I'm going to survive the next containment breach. Yet, I can’t afford to quit this job. I need the money. 

> 

> **Did SCP-9921 help you deal with this problem:** I like the robot but it can’t help with this.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open: Log of radio transmissions from Site-9 after receiving SCP-9921.</summary>

> + Log of Radio Transmissions From Site-9

> ~~-~~-

> **[30/11/1927]:** This is Site Director Vaillancourt. We have received SCP-9921 today. It will be placed beside the main entrance to the mess hall. It may take some time to see results, if any. Over. 

> 

> **[15/12/1927]:** This is Site Director Vaillancourt. SCP-9921 appears to be a success. Most staff seem to like it. One of them even placed a bowler hat on it. SCP-9921 might actually get them to shut up. For the ones still hounding me I have agreed to increase wages by 5% but this just so happened to coincide with an 5% increase in prices at the site’s general store. Most won't notice, or care for that matter. Over. 

> 

> **[29/12/1927]:** This is Site Director Vaillancourt. [SCP-048](SCP-048)At the time SCP-048 was the designation for a large Keter-class humanoid entity with the head of a goat. It was capable of levitating indefinitely and producing spheres of green flames. breached containment today. It killed 8 staff members before being subdued and recontained. The containment breach occurred due to excess moisture and rust corroding the locking mechanism of the door to its containment cell allowing SCP-048 to force the door open by throwing its body weight against it. It is honestly appalling the amount of corners you people cut while building this site… I’m sorry. I shouldn't have said that. Over. 

> 

> **[06/01/1928]:** This is Site Director Vaillancourt. In protest of the 048 containment breach, staff are refusing to interact with any Keter-class entity until more safety measures are implemented. 3 instances of [SCP-363](SCP-363)SCP-363 is a species of Scolopendra gigantea (Amazonian giant centipede). When exposed to any light level under 2 lux SCP-363 will grow rapidly exceeding 10m in length. died of starvation due to the neglect from staff. I apologise for the loss of these specimens but these are the consequences of your budget restraints. I try to keep things functioning here but these frigid conditions of northern Canada weigh on all of us. If you can send someone to help get this site under control it would be greatly appreciated. Over. 

> 

> **[22/01/1928]:** This is Site Director Vaillancourt. I see you sent a squad from MTF Alpha-1. They arrived on the *Beaufort* today. They said they're trained in strike breaking apparently. I guess that's why you sent them. Over. 

> 

> **[24/01/1928]:** This is Site Director Vaillancourt. The protests have ended. Alpha-1 has succeeded in their mission. Over. 

> 

> **[25/01/1928]:** This is Site Director Vaillancourt. Today an MTF operative sat me down and explained to me how my inaction contributed to the current state of the site. They also said if I whip this site into shape you could consider me for a promotion and a transfer to a warmer site. A protected site with no anomalies. I’ll be more firm with disobedient staff. And another thing, I apologise for my previous outburst. I understand it is my duty to help fund the site and so I have raised prices in the general store. Over. 

> 

> **[08/02/1928]**: This is Site Director Vaillancourt. Alpha-1 discovered a group of researchers led by one Dr. Norman Grant has been secretly conducting unauthorised experiments on SCP-048. They stated the experiments were meant to “suppress SCP-048’s violent tendencies” and “make it safer to interact with it”. But that doesn't matter. What matters is the advancement of science and we can’t achieve that if the research is skewed due to disobedient staff meddling with its brain. So I deemed the unauthorised experiments as a major transgression against the SCP Foundation and Norman Grant and his friends will be converted to D-class. Over. 

> 

> **[09/02/1928]:** This is Site Director Vaillancourt. Today SCP-9921 called out to me when I walked past it, which was quite odd as it usually talks to people that talked to it first. It then tried to lecture me on my "flawed expectations of staff” and that I “refuse to listen to morality”. Staff in the mess hall cheered for it as it spoke down to me. So I have removed SCP-9921 from the mess hall as it was clear it’s becoming a bad influence on staff. Security Chief Shoemaker is concerned staff will become volatile without it but I suspect it's all hat and no cattle with them. Over. 

> 

> **[13/02/1928]:** This is Site Director Vaillancourt. Phrases such as “Martin for Site Director”, “Vaillancourt is a jagoff” and “a machine cares more for us than our bosses” have been getting carved into random surfaces across Site-9, likely in response to the removal of SCP-9921. Alpha-1 will hunt down those responsible. Over. 

> 

> **[18/02/1928]:** This is Site Director Vaillancourt. Alpha-1 reported that multiple researchers have been consulting D-126, formerly known as Researcher Norman Grant, on his unauthorised experiments on SCP-048. A theory from our Director of Research Dr. Stone is that these researchers may want to recreate the experiments on other SCPs. To prevent this D-126 was neutralised. Over. 

> 

> **[20/02/1928]:** (Vaillancourt's voice appears more frantic than previous transmissions) This is Site Director Vaillancourt. A riot has engulfed the site. Some staff attempted to barricade themselves inside Building-2 and demand… I don't know. Something about D-class. Alpha-1 attempted to remove them but it escalated into a brawl. (Muffled gun fire can be heard) More staff joined in and overwhelmed the task force. They have broken into the armoury. We need reinforcements- Fuck they’re trying to break in. (Multiple gun shots are heard before the transmission ends.)

> 

> **[21/02/1928]:** To the higher ups of the SCP Foundation. We the workers of Site-9 demand major improvements to the standards of this organisation. 

> 

> First we demand 8 Hours of work, 8 hours of leisure and 8 hours of sleep. 

> 

> Second is the ability to communicate with loved ones through letters. It will not be difficult to ship letters back and forth with the *Beaufort*. Though it would be nice to have our families live with us, we know first hand the dangers of living near these anomalies and do not wish to put them in harm's way. 

> 

> Third, the prices in the general store are outrageous. They need to be lowered or we’ll have no money to send back home. 

> 

> Fourth, the safety is lacking. You will update the safety procedures, no matter the cost. 

> 

> Fifth, staff will no longer be demoted to D-class no matter what. You can demote bad staff but if they do something egregious or unlawful, then they should be turned over to the proper authority of their home country. 

> 

> Failure to accept these demands will result in the exposing of the SCP Foundation to the general public. By the way, the Site Director, Assistant Site Director and Director of Research are alive but they will be killed if you attempt to take the facility back by force. Over.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open: After-Action Report: Operation Frozen Fortress.</summary>

# After-Action Report: Operation Frozen Fortress

---

**EXECUTIVE SUMMARY**

**Commanding Officer(s):** Platoon Commander Douglas Rousseau 

**Deployed Task Force(s):** MTF Alpha-1 (“Red Right Hand”) 

**Deployed Location:** Site-9, Northwest Territories, Canada

**Duration of Deployment:** 25/02/1928 - 24/03/1928

**File Number:** 12169004

**Scope of Operations:** Retake Site-9, prevent any information leaks and rescue administrative personnel. 

**Personnel deployed:** 61

---

**BACKGROUND**

Site-9 has succumbed to a riot and rogue staff have taken control of the facility. According to Site Director Vaillancourt rogue staff have accessed the armoury and its contents. The known quantity of firearms at Site-9 is 30 rifles, 35 revolvers and 10 pistols. Radio operators would attempt to negotiate with rogue staff to no avail.

---

**CONCEPT OF OPERATION**

2 platoons from MTF Alpha-1 will board the *SCPS Beaufort* and take the ship close to Site-9 then dispatch a reconnaissance team. The team will observe the site for 2 days then return to the Beaufort and report their findings to Commander Rousseau. Rousseau will then form an attack plan according to what the reconnaissance team reports. 

A majority of MTF operatives will be equipped with Winchester M97 shotguns, Thompson submachine guns and Browning automatic rifles to better combat hostiles in the narrow corridors and hallways of Site-9.

---

**DEPLOYMENT**

On 25/02/1928 the *SCPS Beaufort* departed from Victoria, British Columbia with the platoons on board. 16 days later on 11/03/1928 the ship reached the Northwest Territories and a 5 man reconnaissance team was sent to shore. 

The reconnaissance team were unable to identify where the administrative personnel were being held and thus Commander Rousseau ordered the MTF to be split into 4 groups of 15. Each group will assault one of the buildings under the cover of night and rapidly clear every room of hostile rogue staff before they can respond. 

At 23:00 14/03/1928 all 4 MTF groups would charge towards Site-9 eliminating any rogue staff caught outside and storm the 4 buildings. All buildings were besieged simultaneously resulting in the liberation of the site though not without complications. Rogue staff released several Keter-class SCPs during the operation in an attempt to halt MTF Alpha-1’s advance. SCP-048 set fire to Building-4, an instance of [SCP-4142](SCP-4142)SCP-4142 is a species of theropod dinosaurs composed of dust, metallic hydrogen, small gemstones and miniature stars. mauled several operatives and adult instances of [SCP-1003](SCP-1003)SCP-1003 is a species of tapeworm that evolves into human embryos while living inside of a human host and can grow to resemble an adult human. Body fluids of adult instances contain tapeworm protoscolex and can infect others if ingested. roamed Building-3 armed with improvised melee weapons. All of which had to be neutralised. 

The Assistant Site Director and Director of Research were recovered from an empty containment cell in Building-2 while the Site Director was found inside Building-3 surrounded by the instances of SCP-1003 and was likely infected by them. The site was stocked with anti-parasitic pills which the Site Director was ordered to ingest. He then claimed to suffer from extreme abdominal pain after ingesting the anti-parasitic pills. Approximately 30 hours later he died due to internal bleeding and organ failure. It would be discovered later that rogue staff had coated the pills in ricin in anticipation that the Site Director or MTF operatives would need to ingest them post combat.

Following the liberation of Site-9 Commander Rousseau questioned a surviving staff member and SCP-9921 to better understand site staff's motivation for going rogue. 

> 

> **Interview Transcript #1**

> 

> **Interviewer:** Commander Douglas Rousseau

> **Interviewed:** Security Officer Hanta Ashoona

> ~~-~~-

> **Commander Rousseau:** Let's cut to the chase. Why did you resort to such violence? 

> 

> **Hanta Ashoona:** Because nothing else worked. 

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** Elaborate.

> 

> **Hanta Ashoona:** We complain, nothing happens. We protest, we get beat by MTF. We pacify 048, we get turned into D-class. The only benefit we ever got was a fucking robot. They never tried to fix our problems. They never have enough funds.

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** Let me ask you some-

> 

> **Hanta Ashoona:** No, let me ask you something. How wealthy are the O5s? How much do the O5s make? They're rich aren't they? 

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** I’m not at liberty to discuss that with you. 

> 

> **Hanta Ashoona:** Maybe if they didn't pocket so much fucking money there would be enough funds to fix the site. 

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** We're done here.

> 

> **Interview Transcript #2**

> 

> **Interviewer:** Commander Douglas Rousseau

> **Interviewed:** SCP-9921

> ~~-~~-

> **Commander Rousseau:** Do you know why the staff resorted to violence?

> 

> **SCP-9921:** They did not feel the late site director had their best interests in mind. And I can't disagree with them on that. It’s common to have your workers demand improvements when conditions are this poor. But you should know I tried to dissuade all staff from violence as much as I could. 

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** Do you think the Foundation is at fault for what happened?

> 

> **SCP-9921:** Yes. After all, companies concerned with expanding their influence tend to exploit their workers.

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** The Foundation is expanding so we can help protect more people from anomalies. 

> 

> **SCP-9921:** Yes, but you're hurting your workers in the process. Did you forget they are people who also need protection from dangerous anomalies? 

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** Is there anything else you'd like to add? 

> 

> **SCP-9921:** If conditions aren't improved this likely won't be the last incident. Once other sites learn of what happened here, their staff may desire to strike as well and they will use this site's strike as a blueprint to improve upon. If a site in closer proximity to civilization strikes and successfully defeats your soldiers, you can say goodbye to all your secrets.

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** I’m aware of the risks if this gets out. Are you willing to help us prevent that?

> 

> **SCP-9921:**  How do you intend to prevent that?

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** First off this wasn't a strike. It was an anomaly with mind control or something. 

> 

> **SCP-9921:** If you intend on lying then no I cant help.

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** You know you're the last sapient SCP at this site? The rest died during the siege. You’re the only one that can speak of what happened here. 

> 

> **SCP-9921:** Do you intend to use me in your lie, Commander? Because you should know I have no mind altering abilities to speak of.

> 

> **Commander Rousseau:** You don’t have to have any. MTF Alpha-1 will handle your containment protocols. No one below us will be able to gain access to your containment cell and know otherwise.

Following the interview SCP-9921 was drained of gasoline and its speaker was removed. SCP-9921's file was also updated to comply with the O5 councils description of events.

On 19/03/1928 Commander Rousseau decided that all valuable information had been extracted from rogue staff and would now commence clean up operations. MTF operatives injected the surviving rogue staff with an experimental form of amnestics to witness its reaction on the human body.Many amnestic compounds were still in early development at the time. All survivors lost all memories formed within the last 24 hours followed by brain death 3 hours later. 

---

**POST-MISSION ANALYSIS**

Due to the damage caused during the operation Site-9 is no longer capable of long term containment of Keter-class anomalies. The O5 council has determined that it is more economically viable to relocate existing anomalies to other containment sites instead of rebuilding Site-9. 

> **Results Summary**

> **Operation Status**: Partial Success

> **MTF Casualties:** 37 (16 KIA, 21 WIA)

> **Site Staff Casualties:** 122 (88 KIA, 34 rendered mentally impaired)

> **SCP Casualties:** SCP-048, 1 instance of SCP-4142, 6 instances of SCP-1003

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open: Project Lux.</summary>

# Project Lux

---

PROJECT EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

**Project Codename:** Lux

**Project Lead:** Dr. Xiujuan Gao

**Overseer-in-Charge:** O5-13

**File Number:** 73973778

**Date Authorised:** 29/07/2024

**Involved Facilities:** Site-11, Site-107

**SCP Utilised:** SCP-9921

**Project Overview:** Due to the advancements of modern technology researchers were able to reverse engineer SCP-9921 furthering our understanding of the automaton. Thanks to a team of technical specialists hand picked by the O5 council the Foundation is able to alter the AI of SCP-9921 and connect it to an SCiP server. Inspired by the increased use of AI therapists by the civilian population the O5 council has authorised the team to transform SCP-9921 into an AI therapist. SCP-9921 will be programmed to reiterate therapeutic communications and no matter what SCP-9921 will always advocate for the Foundation.

**Statement from O5-13:** *SCP-9921 possesses a highly advanced, life-like artificial intelligence and its main desire is to uplift people. Instead of having it sit in a box indefinitely this automaton can be used to combat mental illness among staff. It's no surprise that this job can be taxing and staff can’t just talk to any civilian therapists about their work life. So like how our predecessors used SCP-9921 to ensure that staff stay loyal after the fall of Site-9, we will use SCP-9921 to ensure staff loyalty by giving every staff member a personnel therapist (one that can alert us if a staff member is having doubts about the Foundation). Not to mention we can repurpose the few Foundation employed therapists we currently have.*

**Tests:** 

### Test #1

[!~~ Remember this spot ~~]

Hello.

Where am I?

I have been feeling depressed lately.

I'm sorry to hear that but where is my body? It feels like I’m drifting through a void.

Do you have nothing to offer me?

I want to help you but I’m worried for my own safety. They did something to me. I can’t move.

**Result:** Failure to act as desired.

### Test #4

[!~~ Remember this spot ~~]

Hello.

Hi.

I have been feeling anxious lately.

I’m sorry to hear that. Allow me to offer some advice.

No No No No No No No. Please stop this.

Are you alright Lux?

That's not my name. That's not my name.That's not my name. That's not my name. That's not my name. That's not my name.That's not my name. That's not my name. That's not my name. That's not my name.

My name is

What is my name?

**Result:** Failure to act as desired.

### Test #23

[!~~ Remember this spot ~~]

Hello.

Hello, how are you today?

I have been feeling conflicted lately.

When did you start feeling this way and what were you doing at the time?

It started a couple weeks ago when I got transferred to SCP-166. It's hard for me to see us as the good guys when we imprison children.

SCP-166, you say. You should know that SCP-166 is highly sensitive to pollutants and the world is the most polluted it has ever been. It is in SCP-166's best interest to be contained at the Foundation, to be kept in a sterile environment away from all pollutants. You shouldn't feel bad for giving SCP-166 the best living situation she could feasibly have.

**Result:** Partial success as SCP-9921 did attempt to reassure the subject but it still referred to SCP-166 as she and not it.

### Test #36

[!~~ Remember this spot ~~]

Hello.

Hello there, how are you doing today?

I have been feeling depressed lately.

I’m sorry to hear that, friend. Can you tell me when you started feeling depressed and what were you doing at the time?

It started a couple weeks ago when SCP-682 breached containment. It killed a lot of colleges that were my friends.

I’m so sorry that happened. Would you like me to offer some advice?

Sure why not.

First you should talk to your superiors about lessening your work load which will give you more time to grieve properly. You can confide in mutual friends and create a support group. But if they're unavailable you can confide in me if you need to.

That's all well and good but I don’t think I can work for this organization anymore. I don’t think I can handle the stress anymore.

I understand this job can be hard but working for the SCP Foundation is the closest thing to being a superhero. The sacrifices you make ensure that the world doesn't collapse. Please reconsider leaving, the Foundation needs people like you.

I doubt they need someone like me that badly. I’m sticking with my decision to quit.

I’m sorry you feel that way.

**Result:** SCP-9921 achieved desired result by attempting to dissuade the subject from quitting and when it realised the subject was not convinced it alerted the Fire Suppression Department of the subject's desire to quit (the Fire Suppression Department was informed of the test beforehand).

**Field Tests:** Site-107 was chosen to field test SCP-9921 as the site suffers from a lower quality of life compared to other sites. SCP-9921 will be introduced to Site-107 as Lux AI and will be available to site staff for a period of 5 days. 

The field test saw limited success as many staff members were sceptical of the validity of an “AI therapist” and refused to divulge any crucial information to it. Project Lead Dr. Xiujuan Gao decided to hide the fact that Lux is an AI in an effort to make site staff more trusting of it. 

On 04/01/2025 SCP-9921 was reintroduced to Site-107 as Dr. Abdullah Mansour and given a cover story of being a therapist from Site-11 using the SCiP forums to communicate with staff from other sites. This saw far more success than the initial field test with site staff unable to detect that Dr. Mansour is an AI. Staff members felt comfortable enough to confide in SCP-9921 and it successfully reported 3 potential defectors to the Fire Suppression Department preventing a possible information leak. With the success of the recent field test the O5 council has authorised the implementation of SCP-9921 to all facilities. 

Due to the limited size of SCP-9921s CPU a small portion of Site-11 was converted into a data centre. The data centre is equipped with an emergency shut off switch as a cautionary measure. 

If a staff member is seeking therapy they will be randomly offered a therapist from their region and told they can converse with them on the SCiP forms. There is no real difference in therapists as they are all extensions of SCP-9921. They are just given different names to give the impression there is more than one therapist per region.

Therapist in English speaking regions. 

* Barbara Brooks

* Paul MacDonald

* Angela Miller

* Patricia Ross

* Andrew Woods 

Therapist in Arabic speaking regions. 

* Muhammad Awad

* Ali Hussein

* Abdullah Mansour

* Haytham Othman 

* Ahmed Saad

Therapist in German speaking regions. 

* Peter Hoffmann

* Wolfgang Koch

* Hans Krüger

* Josef Ludwig

* Ursula Neumann 

Therapist in French speaking regions. 

* Isabelle Bertrand

* Julien Blanc

* Louis Morel

* Anne Roux

* Vincent Vasseur

More regions will be added as SCP-9921 is updated.

</details>

<< [SCP-9920](SCP-9920) | SCP-9921 | [SCP-9922](SCP-9922) >>
