=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9398

**Object Class:** Diogenes-Hypatia

**Special Containment Procedures:** Reports of violent reptiles with bleeding eyes are to be forwarded to Kyle Burns, who is in charge of SCP-9398 logistic operations. Upon discovery, Carriers will be retrieved or terminated at his discretion. Hazard Level 7 precautions are to be observed when moving subjects and decontaminating the area.

Dead Carriers' fluids are to be drained and stored in the bio-hazard storage of Site-19-B. Bodies are to be dissolved in acid, and are not to be incinerated. Living Carriers are to be brought to Site-19-B for dissection or experimentation, overseen by Dr. Monroe.

**Description:** SCP-9398 is an extranormal phenomenon that causes reptiles to spontaneously develop a chemical compound in their bodies. This compound, referred to as Typhoon Reagent, is of a red coloration and a composition similar to ████ ████ ██ ████████. It is diffused throughout the body, but concentrated largely in the heart, tear ducts, and thighs.

Reptiles affected by SCP-9398 are visually identified by Typhoon Reagent leaking from their eyes. These reptiles, referred to as Carriers, are highly aggressive and violent, attacking other organisms or objects they perceive as living. Preference is given towards other Carriers, with a preternatural ability to locate each other, as well as non-infected reptiles. SCP-9398 only occurs in groups of 2 or more reptiles.

Typhoon Reagent is highly mutative, causing biological changes in Carriers under certain circumstances. One of these is the consumption of other Carriers, which can result in:

* Lengthening and shortening of limbs

* Production of venom glands

* Increase in body mass

* Reformation of teeth

* Growing new organs and appendages

The extent of these mutations are proportional to the amount of Typhoon Reagent consumed.

The other method is caused by the collection of a large amount of objects. These items trend towards heavy metals, bones of organisms from a close evolutionary branch, and food. Carriers gather these items into a hoard and lay on top of them, which induces mutations such as:

* Development of opposable thumbs and prehensile limbs

* Increase in body mass

* Thickening of epidermis

* Alteration of skull structure

The extent of these mutations are proportional to the size of the hoard. It is believed the Carriers that escape from the others during initial infection go on to develop this behavioral trait.

Carriers will favor one method of mutation over the other. A Carrier utilizing both methods has not been encountered in the wild, and actions to induce both behaviors in those under the Special Collections Program's purview are prohibited. Non-reptiles which consume or are injected with Typhoon Reagent adopt the same behavioral changes, but undergo unpredictable mutations.

---

### Typhoon Reagent Overview

---

The following is a record of certain SCP-9398 subjects and testing, meant to highlight the extranormal effects of Typhoon Reagent.

---

**Species:** Komodo Dragon (*Varanus komodoensis*)

**Location:** ME's Zoo, Indiana

**Mutations:** Carrier's neck increased in length by 4ft. Slight increase in body size, now 6lbs heavier. Shoulder blades doubled in size, resulting in moderate difficulty moving forelimbs. Found prowling through the Reptile Enclosure, having killed all other animals located within. The zoo was shut down and a cover story was implemented.

In order to test the mutagenic effects of Typhoon Reagent, the Carrier (hereafter referred to as Alpha) was left within its original enclosure. Further SCP-9398 affected subjects would be brought to Alpha for consumption, to observe any patterns in its mutations.

**Species:** Green Iguana (*Iguana iguana*)

**Location:** Pasco, Florida

**Mutations:** Carrier's body length was 8.4ft. Scales gained a rocky texture, with a hardness comparable to granite. Lower jaw protruded 5in past its nose. An undiscovered strain of bacteria was found in the subject's mouth, causing muscle inflammation after biting an agent. Pain was described as "like there's fire under [his] skin." The agent was treated with antibiotics and given a week's leave.

**Alpha:** Carrier killed and consumed without issue. Torso of Alpha increased in length, with scales across body developing a darker color. Forelimbs lengthened and grew, matching closer to shoulder blade size and allowing better frontal movement. Alpha's teeth fused at the front, with two fangs, one each on the upper and lower jaws, growing from the mass. The upper fang contains potassium permanganate, and the lower contains iron(II) sulfide, which cause internal immolation in animals Alpha bites into.

**Species:** Central Bearded Dragon (*Pogona vitticeps*)

**Location:** Chicago, Illinois

**Mutations:** Carrier was 80in in length. Two limbs protruded from the back, visually similar to featherless bird wings.

**Alpha:** Carrier killed and consumed without issue. ~500 insect wings (visually similar to dragonfly wings) grew from Alpha's back. The wings are too small to allow flight, and produce a deafening buzzing sound when Alpha is agitated. A third eye has developed above its left eye.

**Species:** Presumably a species of Garter snake

**Location:** Creek, Oklahoma

**Mutations:** Diameter was 3ft, length was 51.3ft. Carrier's body was strewn about an abandoned building complex, scales secreting a paralyzing venom. Hunting strategy was waiting for humans or animals to touch its skin, then consuming them. Udder-like protuberances containing a mixture of milk, venom, and Typhoon Reagent. A malformed foot grew on its left anterior end.

Believed to have survived for many years without detection, preying on other Carriers before seemingly adopting less aggressive behavior. However, there are elements of the building that are incongruous with this Carrier's modus operandi: a dug out floor beneath the basement, accessed through a hole the subject is too large to enter; multiple hoard piles in this extra floor; puddles of water whose compositions matched that of a nearby lake.

**Alpha:** Carrier consumed with some difficulty. Alpha's torso, head and neck doubled in size. Left fibula and tibula tripled in size. A secondary neck and head grew from the base of the original, identical save for the lack of fangs. Udders grew from the ventral side of the torso; upon noticing this, Alpha made noises indicating excitement, with both heads attempting to drink from the new organs. However, the primary head punctured its udder and self-immolated. Alpha remained alive but dysfunctional afterwards.

Functioning organs were removed from Alpha and its remains dissolved.

---

Examples of mutations caused by the hoard gathering behavior.

**Species:** Central Bearded Dragon (*Pogona vitticeps*)

**Location:** Los Angeles, California

**Mutations:** Discovered in family residence, which was decorated for a birthday party. No civilians or human remains present. ~2ft in length. Height could not be determined due to position. Abdomen was extremely distended. Carrier was laying on top of hoard comprised largely of cake, pizza and copper wiring, immobile.

While team was preparing for extraction, Carrier's abdomen began bulging outward, before breaking and releasing spawn. Team suffered three casualties before the newly born organisms were fully exterminated. Analysis of remains show a quadrupedal body plan, but with the legs fused and tapering into a tail. Skin was bumpy and green, covered in a coating of urushiol. Skulls somewhat resembled those of a bearded dragon, but fractured in multiple areas to more closely resemble feline skulls. The remains of the original Carrier were consumed by the spawn before their deaths.

**Species:** Presumably Gila Monster (*Heloderma suspectum*)

**Location:** Zacatecas, Mexico

**Mutations:** Carrier was ~30ft in height, ~60ft in length, and ~30ft in width. An organ had developed in its abdomen for storing hoard items, with a connecting gullet under the tongue. Carrier would collect objects through its mouth, then lay on its stomach to undergo mutations.

Before American military could intervene, the Carrier was killed by a group of Chichimeca nomads. The attackers utilized exsanguination and the subject's own weight to bring it down; it was noted that the group specifically avoided touching Typhoon Reagent, using protective garb and unknown powders to later disinfect and hollow out the corpse. It is believed the group were in the process of renovating the body for habitation. Allowing them to claim the Carrier was determined to be the best possible outcome.

**Species:** Unknown

**Location:** Barrington, Illinois

**Mutations:** Found in the custodian basement of Grove Elementary School. Carrier convinced sanitation staff it was a demonic entity who would prey on the children if not given frequent offerings. Hoard amassed was composed of money from the employees own savings, dead reptiles from PetCo, and ramen packages from Jewel Osco.

Carrier's body plan resembles a primate's rather than any known species of reptile. Skin covered in osteoderms. 12 fingers and 12 toes. Strong understanding of the English language. Carrier is cordial, but manipulative and reluctant to share details on both its past and SCP-9398. Currently located at Site-19-B. Subject scored 121 on the Mensa IQ test, but a 9 out of 100 on the Empathy Quotient.

---

For more information on Typhoon Reagent's effects on atypical subjects and other applications, see **[ Typhoon Reagent Testing](typhoon-reagent-testing )**.

<< [SCP-9397](SCP-9397) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9399](SCP-9399) >>

> **Filename:** blood-lizard

> **Name:** camaleón de cola plana, flachschwanzkrötenechse, flat-tail horned lizard

> **Author:** Yuliana Dimas

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.inaturalist.org/photos/333296766

> **Filename:** blood-snake

> **Name:** Tropidophis curtus barbouri autohaemorrhaging

> **Author:** Sebastian Hoefer

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=94343450
