**Item #:** SCP-9328

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Note that a Prescribed Fire is the practice of intentionally causing forest fires to achieve a specific goal. Since members actively seek out ‘degloves’ currently in Foundation containment, protocols require the maintenance of a drainage floor basin and water dispensary system to direct carrion into an underground sump unit. Interactions with resultant permeations of Foundation assets is inadvised. 

Development of protocols for containment of SCP-9328-C may lead to active targeting and is likewise inadvised.

To prevent the propagation of virulent patterns by degloves and SCP-9328-B collectively, the Foundation is developing a counter pattern to induce familiarity and closure within post-interaction human subjects. Testing has reduced propagation by up to 12% decreasing the prevalence of exterior spaces. Counter patterns can only be generated using sounds recorded from the requisite ant tunnels making development challenging due to higher risks of inadvised interactions. This can be mitigated with the use of bright lights.

SCP-9328 catchment teams are required to wear tinted safety visors.

**Description:** SCP-9328 is either a single continuous instance or a collective of individual instances. SCP-9328 includes any forest located in close proximity to human subjects. All forests designated under SCP-9328 contain SCP-9328-A. SCP-9328-A is a virulent pattern. It is inadvisable to enter forests or interact with this pattern. Forests are not stationary, and are known to move or relocate instantaneously despite the capacity of human short-term memory indicating otherwise. Depending on the movement of this pattern, forests can expand and contract in perimeter and volume to an unidentified limit.

Interactions that occur between human subjects and SCP-9328-A invariably result in degloving, generating an instance of SCP-9328-B. SCP-9328-B is the collective of all degloves contained within SCP-9328. Degloves, when directed to, will vehemently refuse to exit from SCP-9328. The exposed matter of degloves produces an intense light, although this light is incapable of burning trees. Subsequently, degloves should no longer be regarded as human.

Collectively and individually, degloves produce interior spaces that interact visually and auditorily with human subjects not contained within SCP-9328. This interaction consists of virulent patterns that, while harmless, are known to induce fear responses. This response can further evolve into a sensation of longing. SCP-9328-B is not the only propagator of this interaction.

The existence of SCP-9328 predicates the existence of SCP-9328-C, which produce exterior spaces. Depending on current societal cycles, periodically surrounding these forests is SCP-9328-C, although whether or not SCP-9328-C is generated by SCP-9328 is unknown. SCP-9328-C is a gestalt collective made up of an indeterminable number of members in continuous fluctuation. Each member is aware of the location of every human subject outside of SCP-9328. Members are located on all known planes of reality, with many existing on several planes at once. They may potentially be located at extreme distances from SCP-9328 or at proximate distances from human subjects.

Members vary in size and appearance, with some instances recorded as possessing proboscises. Volatile interactions between human subjects and SCP-9328-C are rare, however, it is inadvisable to interact with members or exterior spaces therein. It should be noted that members are incapable of distinguishing SCP-9328-B from baseline human subjects.

The primary behaviour of SCP-9328-C is eliciting reactions by causing interactions with exterior spaces. This may involve the continuous mastication of forests, targeting the root / soil environs, and tree trunks in an attempt to enter interior spaces. It should be noted that members are incapable of distinguishing plant matter (cellulose for instance) from other organic materials, and likewise they cannot distinguish interior spaces from baseline spaces, resulting in their proximity to human subjects. Permeation of human assets is therefore undesirable. Permeation of Foundation assets is undesirable and is actively being reconciled. These are trade-offs as the permeation of forests is desirable. 

Ant tunnels generated through permeations and exterior spaces are not yet able to be reconciled. It is inadvised.

The permeation of forests increases potential interactions with SCP-9328-B. Recorded interactions between degloves and members vary, predominately resulting in the total evisceration of the deglove. Eviscerations generate ant tunnels in the direction of SCP-9328-A, and it is noted that the distressing sounds produced from these tunnels cannot be reconciled. Members may attempt to retrieve the skins of degloves and may be successful in rehumanisation, although this is known to produce lasting effects on subjects now no longer contained within SCP-9328. Additionally, members may still try to elicit reactions from these subjects.

SCP-9328-C will try to mimic the appearance of SCP-9328-B by harvesting the carcasses of local livestock animals, with recorded members donning the heads of horses or cattle, etc. Recorded instances of mimicry have been known to successfully bypass forest boundaries leading to increased SCP-9328-B interactions. 

It is important to understand that this mimicry can be identified due to the appearance of decay on the skin or pale blue eyes deep-set within the skull. Human subjects may be unable to identify an instance of mimicry if targeted mistakenly, leading to inadvised interactions and additional sounds of distress within ant tunnels.

All SCP-9328-C members display a severe aversion to bright lights. SCP-9328-C does not yet possess the capability of burning forests.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= << [SCP-9327](SCP-9327) | SCP-9328 | [SCP-9329](SCP-9329) >>

> **Filename:** heading_home_to_talk_with_them_again.png

> **Original Filename:** Dark Forest - geograph.org.uk - 509052.jpg

> **Author:** Keith Evans

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Dark_Forest_-_geograph.org.uk_-_509052.jpg)

> **Filename:** Of_all_the_places_id_find_you_my_darling_i_am_sorry_that_you_were_hurting_on_the_inside.png

> **Author:** Unobtainium235

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Here](https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/local--files/unobtainium235-2/Of_all_the_places_id_find_you_my_darling_i_am_sorry_that_you_were_hurting_on_the_inside.png)
