**SCP-9502:** I'll Be Back

**Author:** 

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/hyacinths-beanbag-corner#side-bar)

#### BY ORDER OF THE ETHICS COMMITTEE, THIS FILE IS SUBJECT TO THE MUMAR PROTOCOL

By accessing this file, you waive all rights afforded to you under the employee contract of the Foundation. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the Ethics Committee will take punitive action against you if you break the Mumar protocol. Punishments include, but are not limited to: _

- Solitary confinement _

- Amnestic treatment _

- Termination _

- Denial of Afterlife _

 

To agree, answer the following: Does the Black Moon howl?

If you are unsure of how to answer this, type "What?" A security officer will be with you shortly. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

@@ @@

Congrats!

If you're reading this, you are now a proud member of Operation Blind Right Hand. Your first assignment: acquaint yourself with the anomaly and its conprocs. I'll relay the specifics of your posting personally in the coming days. 

Quick word before you keep reading. I'm sure you all have had your fair share of tough gigs in your time at the Foundation, but this job, well, it's got a different flavor of nasty, the kind you can't just rinse out and sleep off. You'll have to lie to everyone with a smile. You'll tell awful people that they made the right choice. You'll tell families that their loved ones died well. You'll tell yourself you're doing good. The last one just feels like a lie; it isn't one. We're the band-aids keeping the Foundation from bleeding out. The thought keeps me going. 

I'm being a little overdramatic. We picked you carefully, I'm sure you'll be fine. It's nice to remember the "why" of it all when things get difficult, though. 

Cya soon, band-aid,

- Dr. Brown 

 

*NOTE: Entry is pending revised containment procedures. See addenda. Continue with current process for the time being. Be prepared for updates.*

**Special Containment Procedures:** 

Information contained within this article must not be disseminated to non-members of Operation Blind Right Hand. Members must observe the Alpha-Black procedure 

- Communicate ONLY in person. _

- Remove ALL electronics capable of connecting to the internet from the area before conversing. _

- Deliver written messages ONLY to the intended recipient. _

- Burn messages after reading. _

Note: this article is memetically protected and thus not subject to the above restrictions. _

of information safety when communicating about SCP-9502. Agents are supplied with suicide capsules in case of capture by the Foundation. Failure to use them in applicable situations is a violation of the protocol.

Operation Blind Right Hand ensures that O5 Council members do not experience self-doubt or guilt. To that end, members are inserted into positions close to the Council (e.g., bodyguard, advisor, etc.) and must ensure the O5s' continued mental health. New members must undergo two months of training under Dr. Brown before assignment.

Should a Council member become an SCP-9502-1 instance, they must be removed from their position and be held in the SCP-9502 Containment Facility. Blind Right Hand operatives are to assist in this process and minimize Council interference.

**Description:** 

SCP-9502 is a group of reality-bending humanoids that target members of the O5 Council, causing severe psychological damage. SCP-9502 targets members who display significant negative emotions regarding their past actions. Targeted members (designated SCP-9502-1s) typically lose their mental faculties within 3-6 months.

SCP-9502 instances vary in physical attributes; however, they all lack eyes, possess matted hair that adheres lightly to surfaces, and have skin that appears "shrink-wrapped" around their bones. They typically possess the appearance, memories, and mannerisms of a specific person known to the target. Instances become intangible at-will and cannot be killed; however, targets can interact with them and damage their forms. This damage is not permanent, as instances can reconstitute themselves.  SCP-9502 instances cannot remain over 20 meters away from their target. 

The former O5-2 created SCP-9502 in an accident involving a thaumaturgic ritual and the body of his dead sibling. This caused five O5 members to become SCP-9502-1 instances, causing immense damage to the Foundation. The Ethics Committee promptly implemented containment procedures. Four of the SCP-9502-1s were captured. The O5-2 instance is unaccounted for. 

---

##### Addendum-9502-1

---

**Foreword:** The following is a transcription of a meeting between the three heads of Operation Blind Right Hand (Chairman Odongo Tejani, Dr. Ophelia Brown, and Dr. Lewellen Williams). 

**[BEGIN]**

*The three enter Chairman Tejani's office, chatting as they do. Brown and Williams move to pull the blinds while Tejani locks the door. The room darkens, lit only by a candle that sits on an old projector cart. They take seats.*

**Tejani:** Coffee or tea?

**Williams:** Tea, if you'd be so kind.

*Tejani raises an eyebrow.*

**Williams:** I'm trying to get off coffee. 

**Tejani:** (nodding while preparing the drink) Anxiety?

**Williams:** Mhm.

**Tejani:** Good choice, coffee is not for everyone. (Turning to Brown) And you?

**Brown:** Tea, plea—(yawns) Actually, coffee, thanks. 

*The room falls into a lull as Tejani makes the beverages. Williams rustles through pages in a folder while Brown leafs through a comic.*

**Tejani:** (handing out drinks) Careful, it is hot. 

**Brown:** (takes a deep sip) Ah, thanks. I almost feel hours of lost sleep coming back to me. Almost. 

**Tejani:** (sighs) Perhaps you should consider going to sleep earlier.

**Brown:** Problem is that we have these meetings at such an ungodly hour.  

**Williams:** 7? Ungodly?

**Brown:** In a perfect world I'd snore away till at least 10. 

**Tejani:** Noted, I will... see what I can do. 

*Tejani reaches to activate the projector. It coats the room in a pale glow.*

**Tejani:** Let us begin. Williams, your report is first on the docket, right?

**Williams:** Yes.

**Tejani:** Good. 

*Williams stands and organizes his papers. The others take out note pads and pens. Tejani hesitates before writing.*

**Tejani:** Pardon, could you give me a title?

**Williams:** Hm, I haven't given it one... (looks up, swirling his finger) How about, uh, "Developments in Therapeutic Treatment of SCP-9502: A Report on the O5-2 Case"

*Tejani nods and jots down notes*

**Brown:** Catchy 

**Williams:** Hush. Anyway, are we all ready?

*Brown and Tejani nod*

**Williams:** Brilliant 

*Williams rolls his shoulders and takes a breath. A moment of silence passes before he speaks.*

**Williams:** As you know, our attempts to treat SCP-9502-1 instances have been largely unsuccessful. 2 weeks ago, however, we managed to find and capture the former O5-2. I've made significant progress with the pair, and I believe they are on the path to recovery.

**Brown:** They?

**Williams:** Yes. I mean the SCP-9502-1 and SCP-9502 instances together; both are being treated.

*Brown tilts her head slightly. Williams holds up a hand, pulls out a cassette, and walks toward the projector.*

**Williams:** You'll see. 

*The tape clicks and whirls; the projector comes to life.*

**[END]**

---

##### Addendum-9502-2

---

**Foreword:** The following is a transcription of tapes compiled by Dr. Williams, which he presented at a meeting with Dr. Tejani and Dr. Brown. 

**Tape 1** 

***Williams:** First up, here's the footage we have of the SCP-9502 creation event. If I recall correctly, it's from a CCTV within a Site-01 containment chamber.*

**[BEGIN]**

*O5-2 stands, swaying in a field of blown-out candlesticks. A tome lies open before him, set upon an altar engraved with a humanoid silhouette. He draws a pistol. He points it at his leg. He pulls. Blood speckles the concrete floor. In seconds, the wound heals itself. O5-2 blinks slowly. He brings the gun to his chin. He pulls. Blood splatters the candles. He pulls. Blood coats the pages of the tome. He pulls; he laughs; He pulls. He glides his hand over his half-healed scalp.*

**O5-2:** (breathless) Beautiful. 

*The candle smog swirls behind the altar; a torso emerges from the smoke, clawing its way through the thick air. O5-2 stares and stumbles back a step. A leg appears. The creature falters. A second leg. It falls — free. It collapses on the concrete. O5-2 rounds the altar, bringing his gun to a low-ready. Silence. Tense seconds pass. The figure chokes out its first words.*

**SCP-9502:** Mom? Dad?

*O5-2 freezes. He studies the figure.*

**O5-2:** Lily? 

*SCP-9502 turns rigid. Its face, veiled by hair, stays turned toward the ground. Its grated voice carries a hint of menace.*

**SCP-9502:** What did you do with them? Where are they?

**O5-2:** What?

**SCP-9502:** You—you can't be here.

**O5-2:** I could say the same.

*SCP-9502 sits up. Its voice turns bitter.*

**SCP-9502:** Go to hell. I know that *I* at least loved them.

*O5-2 takes a step closer, dropping into a doctor's soft tone.*

**O5-2:** Lily, I think you're confused.

**SCP-9502:** Stop. You don't *deserve* to be here. With them. With me. 

*O5-2 falls to a knee next to SCP-9502. He pauses to consider before speaking.*

**O5-2:** Listen, you're confused, and so am I. I need you to calm down and-

*SCP-9502 flares and slams her hand into the altar. The thundering echo lingers between.*

**SCP-9502:** Don't talk like that. You never cared; don't pretend. 

*O5-2 tenses. His voice cracks slightly before shifting into incredulity.*

**O5-2:** What are you talking about? What do you mean by "deserve to be here"? Where is here???

**SCP-9502:** (snaps) How did they die?

**O5-2:** Who?

**SCP-9502:** Them. Mom. Dad.

**O5-2:** Of (hesitates) old age?

*SCP-9502 turns toward O5-2. Her face remains covered.*

**SCP-9502:** (murmurs) I rest my case... I bet you never bothered to check how I died either, right?

*SCP-9502 punctuates every word with an accusing finger*

**SCP-9502:** You. Never. Cared.

*O5-2 tightens a hand into a fist. Nails scrape flesh. Blood seeps between his knuckles. He grits. He loosens. He takes a slow breath.*

**O5-2:** I *couldn't* be there. That doesn't mean I didn't care. We share the blame, really; you weren't exactly the best daughter either. I, at least, paid for the—

*SCP-9502 lunges at O5-2. He falls, knocking over candles as the two tumble to the ground. SCP-9502 lands on top of O5-2. Her hair parts. Her face shows. She grabs his collar, dragging his head off the ground. She tries to speak. Black droplets fall from her eyeless sockets. O5-2 stares at her, then past her. Panic floods into his eyes.*

**O5-2:** Y-you're not her. Not her... Ghoul.

*The black liquid pours faster. He turns his face to avoid the downpour. He sees the gun still in his hand. He aims; he pulls. Black dots spatter the room and mix with the red. He pushes away the body. He stumbles. He runs.*

**[END]**

**Tape 2**

***Williams:** I know this is a lot, but bear with me; I promise the rest is not nearly as gory. Next up is my first meeting with the pair at the SCP-9502 Containment facility.*

**[BEGIN]**

*The CCTV comes on, focusing slowly on Dr. Williams, whose face takes up the full view. He mutters to himself while fiddling with the camera.*

**Williams:** Bloody device...

*He glances down toward a monitor on the facility's front desk. The camera feed plays on the screen.*

**Williams:** Thank the lord. Christ. 

*He descends the ladder and double-checks the monitor. A chime rings across the room. William's eyes snap toward the door. He squints and shifts back toward the monitor, pulling up a new camera feed. He mutters again, more violently.*

**Williams:** Now?!

*He rushes toward the entrance, stopping before it. He studies his reflection on the metal door, adjusting his appearance. Collar. Cuffs. Lapel. He takes a deep breath and rolls his shoulders.*

**Williams:** Just a patient. Just a patient.

*He presses a button. The door clicks and swings open. Two guards enter, escorting a cuffed and blind folded O5-2 between them. SCP-9502 floats behind them.*

**Williams:** Hello there! (to a guard) This is O5-2, yes?

*O5-2 turns his head toward Williams. His voice carries the weight of an accusation.*

**O5-2:** Yes. And you are?

*Williams freezes and blinks before recovering to address O5-2.*

**Williams:** Right, pardon me, that was rude. It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance! I'll be with you in just a moment to properly introduce myself. For now, these two will take you to your new chambers. 

**O5-2:** Very well. I look forward to seeing you...

*O5-2 trails off, he looks upward.*

**O5-2:** Dr. Williams? 

*O5-2 pauses, waiting for a response. William's eyes go wide. O5-2 grins at the shocked silence.*

**O5-2:** *Yes*, it's you, isn't it?

*Williams nods sharply to the guards and gestures at a door. They escort O5-2 away. He chuckles lightly as he leaves. Williams exhales. SCP-9502 taps him on the shoulder.*

**SCP-9502:** Hey, sorry, uh, what's going on?

*Williams perks up.*

**Williams:** Oh! Terribly sorry! You're Ms. Sinclair, right?

*SCP-9502 stops floating, landing softly.*

**SCP-9502:** Uh, yeah, but I go by Lily. Also, um, how do you know? Are you some kind of doctor for the FBI or something? Does my brother work at the FBI? What'd he do?

*Williams smiles gently and puts his hands up.*

**Williams:** One question at a time, please; I'm only human. I'll explain what I can. Why don't we go talk over there?

*He points at a grouping of chairs and couches: the de facto living room of the facility. SCP-9502 nods tentatively. The two take seats at a small table. Williams nods at a bowl in the middle.*

**Williams:** Feel free to take one.

**Lily:** What are they?

**Williams:** Truffles. 

*Williams nabs a handful, sets one aside, and stuffs the rest in his pocket.*

**Williams:** I find that sweets make everything move a little smoother. 

*Lily tilts her head, shrugs, and takes one from the bowl.* 

**Lily:** Sure, thanks. 

*They unwrap their treats as Williams starts to talk.*

**Williams:** Your brother, whom we refer to as O5-2, is a very important person at a very secretive organization. He engaged in some form of (he swirls a free finger), um, *magic* ritual which caused quite a mess. You are likely here — in the world of the living — as a result of that incident. I know a tad bit about you and your brother from surveillance footage we captured of you two. As for myself, I am a therapist, here to help.

*SCP-9502 stays silent for a moment, staring nowhere in particular. She finishes unwrapping the truffle and throws it into her mouth. It disappears into the black. She swallows.*

**Lily:** I guess... yeah, that's believable enough considering, well, everything else.

**Williams:** (nods) It's a lot. 

*Lily mulls and fidgets.*

**Lily:** So, what happens to me then? I wanna go back. 

**Williams:** (sighs) I don't know. I really don't. We've had some fellows in the Department of Theology working on it, but they haven't found a solution. For now, I wanna try to help you two work out your differences.

*Lily leans forward.*

**Lily:** Well, if you've been watching us, then you already know he's the problem here.

*Williams puts his hands together.*

**Williams:** I know that you two have a sore spot involving your parents and that, yes, he *likely* holds a lot of blame for this situation. I would, however, like to hear the story from you.

*She pauses to think.*

**Lily:** Would fixing him make this whole thing go away?

**Williams:** You mean release you back into death?

**Lily:** Yeah. 

**Williams:** Perhaps, yes. It *may* even be our best chance. 

*Lily pulls her hand through her sticky hair. She mutters unintelligibly.*

**Lily:** Best chance? Are you serious? You know he shot me when I came back, right? 

**Williams:** Ye−

*She rises from her chair.*

**Lily:** You know that *he* is the reason I−

*Williams puts his hands up and gestures for her to calm down. She catches herself and falls back into her seat.*

**Lily:** Sorry.

*She lets out a raspy sigh.*

**Lily:** Look, I think he's a lost cause. But if it could help, I'll tell you what I know. Ok?

**Williams:** Brilliant! Thank you. Please, go ahead. And take your time; if you need a break, just say so. 

*SCP-9502 nods. She grabs another truffle before speaking.*

**Lily:** I'll start, um, well, from the start, I guess. My parents, our parents, were high school friends, but they didn't fall in love until *much* later. Dad ran a successful deli in midtown. Mom was an English teacher. They got engaged at the Michigan State Fair.

*She smiles.*

**Lily:** Dad used to tell us the story of that night a lot...

*She trails off. Her gaze shifts past Williams.*

**Williams:** (concerned) What is it?

**Lily:** Nothing. I just, um, it's on the tip of my...

*Lily goes silent. She inhales sharply and purses her shriveled lips.*

**Lily:** I hope Chris remembers...

**Williams:** Chris? Is that O5-2's name?

*She nods.*

**Williams:** Noted. Go ahead. 

*SCP-9502 takes a moment.*

**Lily:** Okay. I was born in 1985. Chris was born the year after. Nothing much interesting happened in our early years; it was pretty happy. We spent most of our afternoons hanging around Dad's deli since Mom had to be away most of the time. We made friends. We learned games. I became pretty good at chess. We talked to the customers and wreaked havoc in the kitchen sometimes. It was nice. Really nice.

*She lowers her head and fidgets with her hands.*

**Lily:** High school had to come, though. I dropped pretty much everything that wasn't academic. I took all the hardest classes and got all the best grades. I had to spend hours and hours on it. I was worried sick that— oh right. I forgot to mention. In my freshman year, Chris skipped a grade. The reason I did all that was because I was terrified that he'd graduate before me. He was a wonder kid: hardly tried and still got high marks. I had to have something over him. Something that made me better. Anyways, I ended up skipping my junior year. The college conversation began in the house. Mom and Dad didn't have enough money to send both of us to a big college. The deli had been struggling ever since people started leaving the city, so they had to choose one of us. 

*She looks up at Williams.*

**Lily:** Guess who?

*Williams grimaces.*

**Williams:** That's brutal. How'd you take the news?

*Lily leans back on her chair and gestures for a pause. Williams jots down notes in the meantime. Lily unwarps and eats another truffle. She sits back down after a minute, supporting her head on a hand before continuing.*

**Lily:** There was a fight, I don't wanna get into it. Spent my senior year working odd jobs. I wanted to get the hell out of home as soon as I could. And I did. Crashed at a friend's place for a few weeks the second I turned 18. But then, dad um-

*She swallows, her voice breaks up.*

**Lily:** He got in a car crash. Paralyzed waist down. I rushed back home as soon as I heard. I took care of him. I had to; Mom entered into a depression, and Chris was a nervous wreck, started scratching himself and all that. A few months passed, and they eventually got a hold of themselves, quite. Dad sold the deli so Mom could quit her job and take care of him for a bit. Chris went off to college, and I went my own way too. I had my mind set: I wanted to start a small business, kinda like Dad's deli. You'd think I'd have learned my lesson after seeing how it turned out for Dad, but no. It did actually start off well, but after a month or two, I was broke and facing the streets. I tried to crawl my way back home. I arrived at the right address, but it wasn't ours anymore. Sold. I couldn't get in contact with Mom, Dad, or Chris. 

*She puts her head in her hands for a moment. She drags herself back upright.*

**Lily:** I died slowly. I couldn't find work. I couldn't find a home. I vaguely remember some of the other homeless people being kind, trying to help me get a bit of footing, but I couldn't. I was gone, like, I wasn't *me*. I fell into drugs. That was the last nail. I wandered about the city and eventually settled in a spot downtown. Chris passed by there a few times, all suited up. I tried to talk to him sometimes. He never looked at me. He just saw me as another druggie. I mean, I guess I was, in the end. I don't even remember the moment I died. 

*Lily collapses into her chair.*

**Lily:** I figured out what happened after I passed. About the house and my parents, I mean. Chris sold it and tossed my parents in a nursing home.

*She balls her hands. Black droplets well and pour from her non-eyes.*

**Lily:** Fuck. 

*She tries to wipe away the tears.*

**Lily:** They died alone. They spent years. dying. alone. 

*She grabs at her hair.*

**Lily:** And they're alone again, now. 

*She tugs, strands rip away from her head.*

**Lily:** Beacuse of him.

*Williams drops his note pad.*

**Williams:** Bloody hell, that's... good lord. 

*The two sit in silence for a while. SCP-XXX sniffles and sobs gently. Williams takes a deep breath.*

**Williams:** Thanks for telling your story. If you need anything, don't hesitate to ask. I'll talk to your brother in the morning and see what I can do. I think we both need a rest for now, though.

*Lily shudders and breathes.*

**Lily:** Um, yeah, n-no problem. I'm... thanks for listening. I've needed to just-

*She makes a sweeping motion, taking her hands away from her tear-streaked face.*

**Lily:** get all that out. 

*She laughs without mirth.*

**Lily:** Even in death, I have things I need to sort out. 

*Williams nods.*

**Williams:** Always. Always. 

**[END]**

Tape 3

*Brown: Oh, wow. And you said you were making progress?*

*Williams: Yeah, that's progress; all the other instances went **insane**. Regardless, this next one is my conversation with O5-2 the day after.* 

**[BEGIN]**

*The camera records from the inside of O5-2's well-furnished room. He sits slumped at a small table in the corner, messing with a chess set. There's a knock at the door. O5-2 sits up in his chair.*

**O5-2:** Yes?

**Williams:** (muffled) Pardon, may I come in?

*O5-2 stretches and moves to open the door. He waves Williams in.*

**O5-2:** Pleasure to see you, Doctor! Please, make yourself comfortable.

*The two take seats at the corner table. Williams tries to speak. O5-2 steals the first word, leaning back into an open posture as he speaks.*

**O5-2:** To tell you the truth, I was livid at you last night, but now that I see you've managed to get rid of my *problem*, I wanted to extend to you my deepest thanks!

*He smiles and leans forward.*

**O5-2:** Once you release me, which I'm sure will be soon, I can arrange for you to receive a well-deserved promotion. 

*Williams smiles back with thinly veiled nervousness. He places his hands together, partially obscuring his face.*

**Williams:** Yes, well, about that: your *sister* is still here. I've asked her to give you some space, but she hasn't disappeared. As for your release, I'm afraid you will have to stay with me a while longer until we resolve your entanglement with SCP-9502. 

*O5-2 leans back again, maintaining an unreadable expression. He looks around.*

**O5-2:** It's interesting, I don't recognize this facility. You all must have built it yourselves, correct?

*He locks eyes with Williams.*

**O5-2:** You've clearly gone to great lengths, Doctor. I'm sure the Council can figure out a punishment fit for such extensive treason. It's only a matter of time. You're not alone, and all it takes is one. Tiny. Slip. 

*Williams breaks eye contact with O5-2. He looks down at the table. His eyes flash with recognition.*

**Williams:** Any chance you know how to play?

*O5-2's expression drops into confusion. He squints.*

**O5-2:** What?

*Williams gestures at the board.*

**Williams:** Do you know how to play chess?

*O5-2 answers hesitantly.*

**O5-2:** Yes? Well, somewhat, it's been quite a while. 

*Williams nods.*

**Williams:** Right, Lily told me you learned at the deli. Quite the time ago. 

*O5-2's eyes narrow. A genuine tone of surprise escapes him.*

**O5-2:** She talked to you about that? Why?

*Williams shrugs.*

**Williams:** I asked. I can hardly help if I don't know what's going on. 

**O5-2:** Help with what?

**Williams:** The two of you, I mean, your situation. 

*Williams waits for O5-2 to retort. He stays quiet, tapping his finger on the table. Williams begins to set up the chessboard.*

**Williams:** Would you like to play? I'm somewhat rusty myself.

*O5-2 stares at him while he organizes the set. Tense silence passes between them, broken only by the shuffling of pieces. O5-2 finally shrugs and sighs.*

**O5-2:** Sure, why not. 

*The two start a slow game. Williams takes a truffle out of his pocket and unwraps it. O5-2 raises an eyebrow. Williams stops.*

**Williams:** Do you... want one?

**O5-2:** Truffle?

*Williams nods.*

**O5-2:** Sure.

*O5-2 snatches the half-wrapped treat from Williams's hands. Williams stares at him as O5-2 finishes unwrapping it. O5-2 sees William's expression and gives a confused look, before quickly blurting out an apology.*

**O5-2:** Right, um, thanks. 

*Williams nods before playing another move. O5-2 eats and savors the candy. More silence passes. The midgame starts. O5-2 gathers himself for a question.*

**O5-2:** What else did she say?

*Williams tears his eyes from the board.*

**Williams:** Hm? You mean Lily? About your past?

**O5-2:** Yeah. 

*Williams looks up as he thinks.*

**Williams:** Well...

*He pauses, weighing his words.*

**Williams:** She mentioned that your father got into a car crash.

*O5-2 tenses. He moves a piece cautiously.*

**Williams:** The way she described it, the way she described you, it struck me as strange. It feels like I'm missing something.

*O5-2 shifts his gaze and locks eyes with Williams. He holds it for a moment. He gently scratches at his hand. He breaks contact and starts resetting the chessboard.*

**O5-2:** I think you've overstayed your welcome for the day, Dr. Williams. 

*Williams tries to reply; O5-2 cuts him off.*

**O5-2:** I'll apologize for my initial treatment of you. You have the best of intentions; however, you're still mistaken. 

*Williams resigns, sighing as he gets up.*

**Williams:** Very well. 

*He walks toward the door.*

**Williams:** I hope you'll...

*He trails off, stopping with a hand on the door.*

**Williams:** Just, remember, you wouldn't be here if you didn't have *something* you regret. I can't say what it is - in all likelihood it's a lot of things - but you should, just, give it some thought. 

*Williams pauses. O5-2 stays silent.*

**Williams:** It means you're still human. Having those thoughts, I mean, it's good. You need to remember they're there for a reason.

*Williams takes out his note pad. He tears a few pages. He places them on the ground along with a pen.*

**Williams:** Maybe jot down a letter to her. It won't fix things, of course. You won't understand your own thoughts, even, for a long, long time; but it's a step. 

*Williams pulls the handle and leaves.*

**[END]**

\

Tape 4

*Williams: Last one.*

**[BEGIN]**

*Lily sits in the facility living room. A bundle of note pad papers lay strewn across the couch. She crumples one. Uncrumples. Repeats. Williams sits on a near by chair, spinning a pen.*

**Williams:** So?

*Lily stops crumpling the paper. She looks up at Williams, slowly, as if she just remembered he was there.*

**Lily:** What?

**Williams:** I mean, do you think there's a chance or, well, can you understand, or does...

*He trails off. Lily looks back down at the wrinkled letter. Stares at it, without reading.*

**Lily:** No. 

*She collects all the sheets of paper.*

**Lily:** Not yet. Not right now. 

*She looks toward O5-2's room.*

**Lily:** But maybe. After a while, with some work... maybe. 

*Williams smiles.*

**[END]**

@@ @@

---

<< [SCP-9501](SCP-9501) | SCP-9502 | [SCP-9503](SCP-9503) >>
