=====

=====

.fakeprot .mailform-box .buttons{display:none;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link {padding: 0.1em 0.5em;text-decoration: none;background-color: #F4F4F4;border: 1px solid #AAA;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:hover {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:active {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-unfolded-link{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-folded{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot .passw input[type=text] {text-security:disc;-webkit-text-security:disc;-mox-text-security:disc;}

.mailform-box td:first-child {width: 80px;}

div.terminal{

    border: 1px solid black;

    border: solid 3px #BBBBBB;

    border-radius: 16px;

    background-color: #131;

    /* black shadow at the top of the terminal */

    background-image: 

        radial-gradient(ellipse 1000% 100% at 50% 90%, transparent, #121);

    background-position: center;

    display: block;

    /* shadow around the terminal */

    box-shadow: inset 0 0 10em 1em rgba(0,0,0,0.5);

    /* prevents scanline from forming a scrollwheel */

    overflow:hidden;

}

div.terminal blockquote {

    background-color: black;

    border: double 3px #80FF80

}

div.scanline{

    margin-top: -40%;

    width: 100%;

    height: 60px;

    position: relative;

    pointer-events: none;

    /* Safari 4.0 - 8.0 */

    -webkit-animation: scan 12s linear 0s infinite; /* You may need to change this. If the bar goes by too quickly, increase 5s. */

    animation: scan 12s linear 0s infinite; /* Same as above */

    background: linear-gradient(to bottom, rgba(56, 112, 82,0), rgba(56, 112, 82,0.1)) !important;

}

div.text{

    color: rgba(128,255,128,0.8);

    padding-left: 2em;

    padding-top: 40%;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.2em;

}

/* Safari 4.0 - 8.0 */

@-webkit-keyframes scan{

    from{ transform: translateY(-10%);}

    to{  transform: translateY(5000%);} /* You may need to change this depending on the length of your terminal. If the scanline stops halfway, increase the second number.*/

}

@keyframes scan{

    from{ transform: translateY(-10%);}

    to{  transform: translateY(5000%);} /* Same as above.*/

}

div.text a {

    color: #90EE90;

    text-decoration: none;

    background: transparent;

}

div.text a.newpage {

    color: #90EE90;

    text-decoration: none;

    background: transparent;

}

div.text a:hover {

    color: #131;

    text-decoration: underline;

    background-color: #80FF80;

    padding: 1px;

}

div.text a:hover::before{

    content: "> ";

}

]

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to SCP-9225's antimemetic properties, few containment procedures are necessary. Noöspherics Division and security operatives under the influence of class-W mnestics are to patrol the area surrounding SCP-9225 in both seafaring and aerial vessels.

Any abnormal activity taking place within or surrounding SCP-9225 must be reported to lead researcher Wilmont as well as the Overseer Council.

**Description:** SCP-9225 is an island located in the Mediterranean sea, between Greece and Libya, measuring 80km in radius with an area of 20,000km^^2^^. The island is cloaked by an antimemetic effect, and as such, is entirely imperceptible and inaccessible to individuals not under the effects of mnestic drugs. The island itself has its topography partially warped in various locations, but most notably in the shoreline and its center. This can manifest via the bending of rocks to form sharp and uneven edges, as well as forcing the ground to bend at angles as steep as 90°. The environment, however, maintains the characteristics of a typical Mediterranean location, including non-anomalous biodiversity. 

SCP-9225 is home to a variety of different anomalies, both living and inanimate. Close studies have also demonstrated that these anomalies are either unwilling, or unable to leave the boundraries of SCP-9225. Despite this, caution must be exercised for personnel safety. Study and cataloguing of all anomalies present within SCP-9225 is ongoing.

Spread across SCP-9225's terrain are multiple human settlements of varying size and composition, most of which are empty and intact. While the majority of settlements spread across the outer areas of the island are small towns or villages, in the island's center is a large cityThe city, named Androdynamis, was later identified as being the capital of the residing civilization., hereby designated SCP-9225-A, measuring roughly 5,000km^^2^^. Like the rest of the island's structures, the city is entirely undamaged. This is due to a secondary anomalous effect encompassing everything native to SCP-9225 which makes all objects indestructible, and in the case of living entities, infinitely reform once they've received enough damage. This effect has rendered research efforts highly arduous and extensive. No origin for this effect has been determined.

Based on early long distance imagery and analysis of SCP-9225-A and its surrounding settlements, it can be observed that the architecture used in their construction resembles a mix of various ancient civilizations. Mycenaean, Minoan, Mesopotamian, and Phoenician architecture have been found to be the most noticeable. Knowledge of how these different cultures could intertwine within SCP-9225 is unknown.

SCP-9225 was discovered on 2/18/2024 after Noöspherics Division operative Wendy Wright spotted the island while on vacation on a Mediterranean cruise line. When no other individuals could perceive the island, site command was notified and proper containment procedures were carried out.

= **Addendum 9225.1:** Early Exploration

 

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-RemoteExploration-Report</summary>

> **Objective:** Scout northern section of SCP-9225, report back with data.

> ----

> [Begin Log, 2/20/2024]

> 

> **14:27:** *Drone Alpha approaches the northern coastline of SCP-9225. Terrain is rough, with rows of abnormally large jagged rocks creating a makeshift barrier across the shore. The rocks making up the barrier extend 10 meters upwards and jut at various angles. To the right of the drone, a structure can be seen in the distance. The drone approaches.*

> 

> **14:35:** *The drone reaches a large port surrounded by residential and military buildings. The port resembles a large, conical cothon. Beside the exterior docks there are evenly placed wide ramps along the sides which extend under the water, with roads leading from the ramps into the city and other larger structures. Purpose unknown. Drone detects signs of large housing structures under the port. Movement under the water is detected, though visual contact is unfeasible.*

> 

> **15:01:** *Terrain resembles typical dry shrublands with hills bearing dense rock formations. Several non-anomalous mammals, avians, and reptilians spotted across the terrain. They do not act different from regular instances. Unidentified flying organisms spotted. They appear to be large insectoids, with four spider-like stone legs and two sets of chitinous wings. They can be seen drilling into the mountainous terrain and camouflaging into the stones with their exoskeletons of similar color, or swarming nearby organisms.*

> 

> **16:55:** *The drone passes through three small settlements, all bearing the same characteristics and architecture with small differences. All are intact and devoid of human habitation. Several unidentified organisms spotted during exploration, though they avoided contact with Drone Alpha.*

> 

> **18:48:** *Drone Alpha reaches a mountain of immense size when approaching the center of SCP-9225, with an estimated height of 3,500m above sea level. There are several openings carved into the base of the mountain as well as the upper regions. On approach, it can be seen that they are pathways leading into the mountain, with pillars and support extending inside. Drone progress is blocked by barred gates posted on each entrance.*

> 

> **22:39:** *Drone returns to base without issues.*

> 

> [End Log]

> **Objective:** Scout southern section of SCP-9225, report back with data.

> ----

> [Begin Log, 2/20/2024]

> 

> **14:21:** *Drone Beta arrives at the southern coast through another port similar to the one spotted by Drone Alpha. It can be surmised that there are several ports like these spread throughout the coast of SCP-9225. No unusual activity detected.*

> 

> **15:20:** *A particularly vegetated area leads into a biome composed entirely of stone. Despite this, there are multiple different forms of plant life made up of this stone material. This includes stone trees and a multitude of stone flowers and plants with different colored geodes making up their petals, leaves, and anthers.*

> 

> **16:11:** *The drone encounters a settlement, much larger than the ones found by Drone Alpha. This one looks to be a military fortress with a ziggurat-like structure serving as its center. In the area surrounding the fortress, as well as within, several animate skeletal entities can be seen roaming and patrolling the landscape. Entities resemble a variety of different extinct wildlife, some heavily altered, and others even wearing makeshift armor. The fortress shows signs of being made to accommodate these anomalies and other militaristic equipment. Several roads extend from the fortress.*

> 

> **17:49:** *The large mountain spotted by Drone Alpha can be seen. From Drone Beta's perspective, a large, complex city is built in the area beneath the mountain, as well as the higher areas. Parts of SCP-9225-A are built into the mountain, with the metropolis surrounded by it on all sides save for the south. The city is multi-layered, with some of the higher areas' structures blending into the mountain. Ziggurats and large halls are spread across the entire expanse, separated by dozens of residential and mercantile buildings, topped by a large palace at the highest point of the city.* 

> 

> **21:53:** *The drone returns to base without complications.*

> 

> [End Log]

> **Objective:** Scout eastern section of SCP-9225, report back with data.

> ----

> [Begin Log, 2/20/2024]

> 

> **14:36:** *Drone Charlie arrives on the eastern coast, beside another port town. The drone spots signs of multiple structures of varying sizes under the water and connected to the island. In conjunction, the underwater structures resemble a settlement. Several humanoid shapes can be spotted moving rapidly between the structures.*

> 

> **15:00:** *Several small storm circles move across the landscape. In between each strike of lightning, flocks of unknown avian organisms fly in unison in the storms' centers.*

> 

> **16:12:** *Several villages identified, no further anomalies detected.*

> 

> **17:34:** *A large temple lies surrounded by dozens of domestic buildings. On the outskirts there are several pens and fields of vegetation. Some are filled with non-anomalous animals, while others lie empty.*

> 

> **17:55:** *The drone reaches the center of SCP-9225. Passage into SCP-9225-A without going through the gates on the mountain or through the southern sector is ill-advised.*

> 

> **22:06:** *Drone Charlie returns to base without further incident.*

> 

> [End Log]

> **Objective:** Scout western section of SCP-9225, report back with data.

> ----

> [Begin Log, 2/20/2024]

> 

> **14:45:** *Drone Delta approaches the western coast, which is heavily forested for several kilometers. The forest is obscured, with the drone's headlight being unable to penetrate the darkness beyond two meters. Movement detected amidst the dense vegetation. Drone instructed to fly over the area.*

> 

> **17:13:** *Drone Delta spots another large settlement a few kilometers from the forest covering much of the west side of SCP-9225. There are three pyramid structures, albeit smaller than those found by Alpha and Beta. Outside the town there is a concentration of buildings near a cave leading underneath a hillside. There are several roads spreading from the settlement further into SCP-9225.*

> 

> **18:06:** *Transmission is lost after a projectile from an unidentified source strikes down Drone Delta.*

> 

> [End Log]

> **Note:** Clearly, SCP-9225 is more complex than we thought. It's an entire ecosystem of anomalies intermixed with the remnants of a civilization that, for all we know, seemed quite dexterous in the field of anomalous phenomena, more so than its contemporaries. I think the next best course of action should be setting up camp in one of the settlements, preferably on the south side, to better organize further progress. We're going to need more personnel.

> 

> -Dr. Wilmont

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Expedition/Log01</summary>

> = **Expedition Log**

> ----

> **Preface:** Following the drone reconnaissance explorations, an expedition into SCP-9225 was approved by O5 Command. The goal of this expedition is to explore L.O.I.Β1 in the southern coast and set up camp to establish Foundation presence on SCP-9225.

> 

> **Date:**02/27/2024

> 

> **Expedition Team:** Agent Rodriguez(L2), Agent Asent(L3), Agent Ortiz(L4), Agent Rivera(L5), Agent Farraday(L6), Agent Gomez(L7), Agent Towers(L8)

> 

> **Expedition Lead:** Commander Nile Collins(L1)

> ----

> [Begin Log]

> 

> *Feed opens upon a small Foundation vessel. The weather is cloudy, with waves splashing the deck of the ship. The shore of SCP-9225 can be seen rapidly approaching. The Lima Team members make final preparations.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Everybody's feed up and running?

> 

> *All team members nod in unison. A large wave crashes into the ship, drenching several of the agents.*

> 

> **Lima-4:** Are you fu-

> 

> **Lima-5:** Come on...

> 

> **Lima-7:** Shit, that's cold!

> 

> **Command:** Prepare for deployment. Arrival on SCP-9225 in T-minus thirty seconds.

> 

> *The agents move hurriedly and position themselves near the front of the vessel. Each has a backpack full of supplies to set up a temporary base of operations.*

> 

> **Command:** We'll have our ships close by for when you send the signal. Once you've ensured full control over B1, we'll send in the rest of the personnel.

> 

> **Lima-1:** Understood command, ready for deployment.

> 

> *The ship enters the port and approaches the right docks. When it closes the distance, the agents jump onto one of the ramps. Once all members are off, the boat leaves to reconvene with the larger ships. The agents look around.*

> 

> **Lima-3:** <whistles> Damn...

> 

> **Lima-8:** Impressive right?

> 

> **Lima-3:**Yeah. I've seen my fair share of anomalous ruins, but this is something else.

> 

> **Lima-7:** I'm just glad it ain't Sarkic. Trust me, if the walls don't eat you, you'll be smelling like a fresh corpse for weeks.

> 

> * Lima team ascends the ramp and walks along the docks. On their right are several buildings which appear to be made of limestone. On their left, several ships are tied to masts along the canal.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Remember to look out for traps. Never know with these things.

> 

> **Lima-2:** I'm more worried about the other anomalies. You see the shit in those recordings?

> 

> **Lima-5:** That's why they sent us here. Coast seemed safest.

> 

> **Lima-2:** Still, like cap said, never know with these things.

> 

> *Lima team continues to walk along the harbor, eventually reaching a large building where the canal ends and several ships are stored.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Command, we've reached the end of the docks. No sign of opposition so far.

> 

> **Command:** Copy, continue the mission. Attempt to reach the main gubernatorial building.

> 

> *The squad continues past the cothon and into the city. Despite the wide streets, there are structures everywhere, all unaltered. Spread across the streets are shops, carts, chariots, and different types of pottery. The team keeps their guns drawn. One hour later, they reach a large, palace-like structure. It is rectangular, with pillars lining the inside. Intricate carvings of seafaring vessels, soldiers, and underwater humanoids with weapons are spread throughout the stone surfaces and ceramic pots decorate the hall. They walk inside the main room. There are several passages that lead further into the building.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Alright, Three, Four, and Six, you start setting up in here. Five and Eight, check the perimeter. Two and Seven, we clear out the rest of the palace.

> 

> *The agents nod and disperse to fulfill their respective missions. Lima-1,-2, and -7 move to the back of the room where a small, plain throne is located. Above the throne there is a large mural, it depicts a regal figure, dressed in armor with a bronze tinge and wielding an ornate longsword of the same color in the right hand, and a white scepter with an eye in the left. Lima-1 signals for the team to split. Lima-2 and -7 go down the right hall, while he goes down the left.*

> 

> **Command:** Lima Five, Lima Eight, report.

> 

> **Lima-5:** Everything's alright on my end. No signs of threats so far.

> 

> **Lima-8:** Same here, but I did come across a large garden near the back. All the plants seem to be fine, no overgrowth or anything.

> 

> **Command:** We'll notify the researchers about the observation. Continue your duties.

> 

> *As Lima-1 walks down the corridor, a sudden noise echoes through the palace. He whirls around to look behind him, but there is nothing there.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Everyone, report. What was that?

> 

> **Lima-6:** Well, Lima-4 accidentally knocked over one of the vases while setting up the light attachments... and it doesn't have any damage.

> 

> **Lima-4:** Not only that... but the reason I tripped, is because the walls won't budge. None of the nails I try to hammer in go through.

> 

> **Lima-3:** Hold on, let me try something.

> 

> *A gunshot explodes from the main room, followed by silence.*

> 

> **Lima-3:** Well, something's definitely off. The shot did nothing to the vase, still as new as how we found it.

> 

> **Lima-1:** Okay, put the vase back in its place and set up what you can, however you can. We'll leave the rest for the coats to figure out.

> 

> *Lima-1 continues walking down the dark corridor, coming across several doors. He opens each one, revealing either ornate bedrooms, dining halls, or servant's quarters. On the final door, Lima-1 opens to reveal an armory. Inside the armory are several typical weapons of the era, but on the far wall, hung to the wall, lies a gold lyre decorated with bright topaz gems.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Command, have eyes on a possible anomalous weapon.

> 

> **Lima-2:** We um.. also found the library. Or at least we think it is.

> 

> **Lima-4:** We've set up on our end, or at least what we can. B1 camp is set and ready!

> 

> **Command:** Understood. Lima-1, do we have an all clear to make landfall?

> 

> *Lima-1 walks back to the main palace room. The rest of the agents, bar Lima-2 and -7, are present. Lima-8 walks up to Lima-1.*

> 

> **Lima-8:** Outside's all clear captain. No hostiles in sight.

> 

> **Lima-1:** Alright then. Command, make ready for landfall. You've got the all clear.

> 

> [End Log]

> 

> ----

> 

> **Afterword:** Following Expedition01, a Foundation camp was established on the port town and research into the surrounding area began underway. Due to the anomaly's indestructible properties, which was identified as extending to all man-made objects, research efforts were taking longer than anticipated. While the research and translation of documents was proceeding, a second expedition heading to take over L.O.I.B2, was put together.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Expedition/Log02</summary>

> = **Expedition Log**

> ----

> **Preface:** Due to the continued presence of multiple prehistoric entities surrounding L.O.I.B2, a division of [ MTF Phi-2 (Clever Girls)](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#phi-2 ) was provided with class-W mnestics and tasked to, alongside Team Lima, contain or disperse the anomalous entities and secure access to L.O.I.B2. A small squadron of [ MTF Delta-45 (Rolling Thunder)](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#delta-45 ) agents was left on standby in case backup was necessary.

> 

> **Date:** 3/01/2024

> 

> **Expedition Team:** Agent Rodriguez(L2), Agent Asent(L3), Agent Ortiz(L4), Agent Rivera(L5), Agent Farraday(L6), Agent Gomez(L7), Agent Towers(L8), Agent Holland(P2), Agent Gines(P3), Agent Jewels(P4), Agent Zultan(P5), Agent Pimentel(P6)

> 

> **Expedition Leads:** Commander Nile Collins(L1), Commander Ilsa Undveld(P1), Commander Jake Gregors(D1)

> ----

> [Begin Log]

> 

> *The sun is in the middle of the sky, with clouds of dust obscuring 30% visibility as the teams pass through the rocky bushlands. Lima-1 drives an armored Jeep, with Lima-2 on the passenger seat and Lima-3 and -4 readying equipment in the back. Lima-1 looks to his right. There are two armored trucks with large containment cages on their beds, varying in sizes of 3 to 5 meters. They are being driven by the members of MTF Phi-2. On the left is the rest of Lima squad in their own armored Jeep.*

> 

> **Phi-2-1:** Coming up on Beta two, everyone keep a lookout.

> 

> *Through the dust, the top of a large stone ziggurat becomes visible from behind fortified stone walls. A giant stone archway gives passage into the fortress.*

> 

> **Phi-2-5:** I see 'em! East!

> 

> *From behind the walls, several skeletal entities emerge charging towards the agents. There are 4 entities in total. The two largest entities resemble mastodon skeletons, albeit with several parts of their body protected by metal armor, and the two others appear to be a tethyshadros and a type of saber-toothed feline.*

> 

> *The Phi-2 squadron separates from team Lima, staying back to unload the cages. Lima team continues to engage with the entities.*

> 

>  **Lima-1:** Alright everyone, you know the drill. Immobilize, then contain. Four, Seven, you're up!

> 

> *Lima-4 opens the jeep's sunroof, carrying a portable missile launcher. On the other jeep, Lima-7 does the same. A few moments later, two rockets fly across the landscape, landing close to the entities. The blast breaks apart one of the smaller entities, while knocking down another, but the mastodons keep charging forward. The rest of the agents open fire on the anomalies.*

> 

> *The two vehicles are able to dodge the oncoming collisions and continue suppressive fire on the entities. While the armor receives no damage, the areas of exposed bone slowly begin to break apart. The entities attempt to knock away the vehicles, but the agents are able to maneuver out of the attacks.*

> 

> *After 2 minutes of continuous sustained firing, each of the mastodons loses one leg, causing them to collapse.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Phi-1, three targets immobilized, one terminated. You are clear for containment.

> 

> **Phi-2-1:** Copy that Lima One, we're-

> 

> *One of the downed skeletal instances lets out a loud roar, followed by a distant rumbling. From the fortress' gates, a large skeletal specimen resembling a mansourasaurus slowly lumbers towards the team. Close behind, a wave of several dozen raptor-like entitiesIdentified as Scipionyx specimens. rapidly approach team Lima.*

> 

> **Lima-5:** Holy shit!

> 

> **Lima-8:** Captain, what's the plan?

> 

> **Lima-1:** Phi One, how long before you can get containment ready?

> 

> **Phi-2-1:** The small one's too far, but if you can buy us a few minutes, we can get at least one of the elephants ready to go.

> 

> **Lima-1:** Copy. Lima Five, follow me.

> 

> *The two vehicles make a hard left, heading towards a hillside in the distance. Lima agents fire their weapons towards the crowd of entities, prompting them to follow away from Phi-2.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Delta-45, once we come back around, we're going to need you to create as much distance between us and the entities as possible.

> 

> **Delta-45-1:** Understood Lima One, making our way to you.

> 

> *The two vehicles reach the hill and begin rapidly ascending.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Ready up the next round of missiles! We're blasting away as many of these fuckers as we can.

> 

> *As they're about to crest the hill, the jeeps make a hard left, executing a U turn back towards the fortress. During the turn, Lima-4 and Lima-7 fire two more missiles into the crowd, shattering several of the skeletal entities and causing the rest to momentarily hesitate.*

> 

> *In that moment of hesitation, Delta-45 arrives on the scene, firing a barrage of gunfire and explosives which either destroys or disperses the rest of the entities. The Mansourasaurus attempts to reach Delta-45, but all the agents maneuver around it, eventually taking it down, but not destroying it.*

> 

> **Lima-3:** Woo! Like fish in a barrel!

> 

> **Lima-1:** Thanks for the assist Delta. Standby for further action.

> 

> **Delta-45-1:** Not a problem Lima. Ya'll just get your sorry asses back to Phi.

> 

> **Lima-1:** Phi One, what's your status?

> 

> **Phi-2-1:** Well, we managed to corral these sons-a-guns into the cages, and even managed to snag ourselves a little extra. Those two that you blew up a bit ago? They reformed. Nothing we couldn't handle though.

> 

> **Delta-45-1:** Yeap, same thing happening over here.

> 

> *Lima-1 looks back, all of the skeletons and their shattered pieces can be seen slowly reforming back together into complete instances. Before they can do much though, they are driven away or injured by Delta-45.*

> 

> **Delta-45-1:** Don't worry about over here, we got these handled. Just get to the Fortress and let command know to bring more units for the takeover. And a bigger cage for long neck over 'ere.

> 

> *Team Lima reaches Phi-2, which have now captured the first four entities that attacked the agents. The entities attempt to bite the agents and crash against the bars but are unable to break out of containment. Lima-3 looks out of the window as Phi-2-1 approaches.*

> 

> **Lima-3:** Just another day?

> 

> **Phi-2-1:** <sighs> Just another day.

> 

> **Lima-1:** Command, we've secured the perimeter of Beta Two and dispersed all known hostiles. Requesting additional units for infiltration of the structure itself.

> 

> **Command:** Copy that Lima One, remain on standby for further action.

> 

> [End Log]

> 

> ----

> 

> **Afterword:** After additional personnel and weaponry was provided, the MTF teams managed to secure B2 with little resistance, encountering only a saltriovenator instance and a few more of the smilodon and scipionyx instances. Following the takeover of the structure, several more discoveries were made within the primary ziggurat, including documents, anomalies, and non-hostile entities.

</details>

@@ @@

= **Addendum 9225.2:** Research and Documentation

 

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Catalogue/Historical-Documents</summary>

> **Note:** Following translationThe language used by the SCP-9225 civilization appears to be a derivative of Mycenaean Linear B mixed with elements of Babylonian cuneiform. However, there are seemingly multiple documents with varying languages in use. Other languages include Egyptian, other variations of cuneiform, and Aramaic. of several of the clay tablets, parchments, and scrolls, compiled from the occupation of L.O.I.B1 and L.O.I.B2, it has been determined that pieces of data found within SCP-9225 are subject to scrutiny and further investigation. When making comparisons with documents from other structures, multiple documents provide contradictory, external, or false information. Some pieces appear to originate from other locations. For the sake of clarity, they will be categorized alongside their respective location. Further documents will be added as translation continues.

> 

> -Dr. Wilmont

> Trading with those of the Kingdom in the Sands was a wise choice indeed, though that shouldn't come as much of a surprise, since you have yet to lead us astray. Not only do we have access to more resources than we know what to do with, we can also do away with the tablets and lend our words on these parchments. Much better and easier in my opinion.

> 

> Now, the real matter of this text regards a request on my behalf. I believe that expansion of our trading port is necessary. We have several members of our peoples wishing to embark on further expeditions, and we do not have space for all our new resources without immediate transportation. Perhaps transforming this port into a settlement would prove much more beneficial for the future.

> 

> Acacius, 10th of the Spears

> Another fleet approached from the west. They bore the icon of the Tartessians. Despite the little threat, the Legion of the Deep took swift action against the aggressors. Though, we let one vessel go as an envoy to the vapid monarchs. 

> 

> Not only should this eliminate Tartessos as an enemy, after all they must see they are outmatched, but it shall also reinforce our power to the western kingdoms. While I understand your insistence in the pursuit of further action, I suggest we assuage more important matters. If it really irritates you, we can have Ushar handle the negotiations.

> 

> The legion and I shall continue as assigned. The tribes of the south should arrive at the meeting place in a matter of days. Await my return no later than eight nights.

> 

> Euthymia, 5th of the Spears

> My king,

> 

> There is no winning this war. Our best solution is integration and collaboration. I do not doubt your strength or might, but this is not a case of individual strength. They harbor magics from beyond this world, accursed things capable of reducing men to ash and buildings to rubble in mere moments. Their numbers are many, not to mention their allies. An approach by sea would be hard enough as it is due to the monsters that prowl their waters. And even if we reached their city, the emperor and his Spears would rend us all to nought but dust.

> 

> Reconsider your plans, otherwise, I fear what will happen next.

> 

> Mnesus, chief advisor

> = ****Last of a Line****

> @@ @@

> = I am the last of a line,

> = Not a line of blood,

> = Nor rulers most divine,

> = Or men united through death and mud 

> @@ @@

> = I am the last of a kingdom

> = One whose light shone bright,

> = Built on backs of work and wisdom,

> = Whose life was snatched by horrid blight

> @@ @@

> = Nothing remains of us but me,

> = Standing in the dust of our life laid bare,

> = The blight is gone, returning to their hell on the sea

> = Uncaring of our silent despair

> @@ @@

> = Curse that tyrant king, defiler of natures,

> = He who wishes to tame the untameable,

> = And curse his thirteen sinners, 

> = Whose spears strip the world of its fables

> @@ @@

> = I am the last of a line,

> = Only keeper of my home's being,

> = And until the day of my demise,

> = The world will know our mark, however fleeting

> The third port has been established, no doubt Rex expects to send out an expedition to the south waters soon. I hope not. I believe we will find more success with the fledgling Assyrians. Should we make them allies, I believe expansion would be much easier in the future. But I digress, this should be a catalogue, not detailings on personal quarrels.

> 

> Progress with the harvesting of the crystal flowers is... moderate. We've yet to figure out an efficient method of collection and storage without damaging the geodes. However, what we are able to gain should suffice for now.

> 

> Tetra's development of further magics is fruitful to say the least, and Yss'gvan's training regimens have brought forth a myriad of skillful soldiers. Though of course, Acacius stole some of the recruits to man his ships in the northern fleet. Yss'gvan was not happy about that.

> 

> Rex's vision is coming to fruition. Slowly, but it's coming. I can see what he meant that day. I can't wait to see the fruit of our labors.

> 

> Seraphion, Keeper

> Necessary materials:

> 

> -Myalophito

> -Blood from the Spears

> -Blood from the emperor

> -Fresh Essence

> 

> Let the gardeners of the Haven know to hurry up with the harvests. For the others: For the love of all that is natural and unnatural, armor the bone beasts. I'm burning through materials and patience every time I need to reanimate one because you thought the added protection was unnecessary.

> 

> Tetra, 3rd of the Spears

> This is the last testament of the DunewalkersTheorized as being a nomadic tribe which roamed the Libyan desert between 1000 B.C.E. and 870 B.C.E. Documents reveal the possibility that they used anomalous practices to benefit their livelihoods, as well as in a religous context. No trace of this civilization has been found., those who fly in the storms of earth. The Seaenid tyrant and his Thirteen Spears will soon march upon our land, but we will not bend. Like the earth that bore us and the storms that grant us flight, we will resist, rage, and tremble until our last breath. When we fall, let the sands claim us as they will all who borrowed life from its essence, as all things return from whence they came. Should anything of us be left after this conflict, then let it at least be this: We did not die in silence.

> It seems that any individual's ability for unnatural abilities is determined prior to their birth, but is not entirely unchangeable. While it was believed that only magically inclined individuals could perform magic, that has been proven to be untrue, as demonstrated by my multiple examinations with unnatural artifacts and our soldiers. Clearly, already magical items or entities can change a person's nature to be magical themselves, or grant enough leeway to be able to use their properties correctly.

> 

> Take for example the Vitaentomo, their regenerative abilities directly changed our physiology through simple consumption. The insect's properties even awakened the latent magical potential within Lina, which would have otherwise gone unseen for, presumably, the rest of her life.

> 

> All of this is to indicate that we do not have to abide by what can or cannot be. The rules are there, but they can be changed, bent, broken. Of course, it will take hardship and strain, as all progress does, but eventually, we will succeed. As a first test, I suggest we conquer the seas. Lend me a battalion, and I'll ensure that they will be a force that need not fear the temper of the raging waters, but rather, use them as their own.

> Your majesty,

> 

> They grow bolder by the day. A battalion was struck down a night ago by their legion of aberrations. It was those monstrous beasts of the 8th. They trespass and attack despite the treaties and believe we wouldn't notice. Should no action be taken, what's to stop them from taking more? I refuse to allow this blatant arrogance to go on further. Let me take my fleet. I will make an example out of their monsters. And should I fail, I expect no recognition of my works should conflict arrive on our doorstep.

> 

> General Tarthanus

> This place... it really is something. Once a measly camp, now a fortified monument to our military ambitions. It's a sight to see indeed, and to think, it was built only mere seconds ago. Such is the gift that is that piece of rock, or as Rex would call it, the Staff of Strength. However obvious the name can be, the thing does live up to its name. A ziggurat, surrounded by encampments on all sides, homes and structures lining maze-like paths, and impenetrable walls where there was none before, made up of the purest and hardest stones that made up this rocky soil. 

> 

> Impressive, to say the least.

> 

> Now that the Unseen is slain, I curse its name one hundred times and its being one hundred more, I wonder what he plans to do next. He told us we would meet at dusk and reveal his next quest to all. I'll write what has been said, as demanded by the duty bestowed upon me for my gift of rememberance of all that is written and read. I mark down the death of our great foe. The Unseen is no more, slain by the chief, Rex'aeter, and his Thirteen Spears. And with its death we celebrate new life, the renewed vigor of our once declining clan. A monument has been built, Robore-men, for it is with strength of mind that we push ourselves to take on the impossible.

> 

> Seraphion, Keeper

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Catalogue/Anomalies</summary>

I̅X̅-1 are animate skeletal entities resembling prehistoric creatures which were previously found in the prehistoric European landscape. I̅X̅-1 behave similarly to how their non-anomalous counterpart would when they existed, but also possess the ability to communicate with other I̅X̅-1 instances regardless of the species they originate from. Due to their bodies being entirely composed of a skeletal structure, they do not need the basic requirements of food, sleep, or water. 

Documents suggest that I̅X̅-1 instances were created through a thaumaturgic ritual involving the blood of several key figures in SCP-9225 culture, I̅X̅-2, and other currently unknown substances. Tests have shown that instances share a hivemind-like consciousness which likely contributes to their ability to communicate and work in tandem with one another, likely a result of I̅X̅-2 used during their creation.

Based on evidence found in ancient texts, as well as their encounter with the MTFs assigned to take L.O.I.B2, it appears likely that I̅X̅-1 instances were created specifically to serve as soldiers, siege weapons, spies, or defensive sentries. It is unknown how these entities were managed during and outside of combat.

As of current occupation of SCP-9225, a total of 10 I̅X̅-1 variants have been identified and catalogued. Variants include:

> - Mastodons

> - Tethyshadros

> - Smilodons

> - Mansourasaurus

> - Scipionyx

> - Saltriovenator

> - Basilosaurus

> - Elasmosaurus

> - Efraasia

> - Liopleurodon

I̅X̅-2 is an anomalous fungal species which, when ingested, provides a telepathic link between all who consume it. The fungus, colored green with lavender stalks, was found stored within several storage containers at L.O.I.B2. Its effects are present regardless of whether I̅X̅-2 is transformed into a gas or liquid. It is theorized that I̅X̅-2 was the primary method of controlling I̅X̅-1 instances, as well as increasing effectiveness between soldiers and workers during the empire's existence.

~~The origin of I̅X̅-2 is as of yet unknown.~~

**Update:** I̅X̅-2 instances grow in abundance within L.O.I.D2-B's tunnel system, and is, thus far, the only known place to find I̅X̅-2. 

I̅X̅-3 is a golden lyre composed of 10 strings and decorated with carved sun imagery and topaz gems. When under direct sunlight, I̅X̅-3 can be used to generate concentrated energy beams or constructs. The intensity and strength of the energy released by I̅X̅-3 is dependant on the skill with which the lyre is played. The anomaly's effects also seem partially dependent on the user's will, as the form the constructs take, as well as the lethality of the energy released, relies on what the user wishes to do. 

Documentation regarding this anomaly reveal that it was a relic stolen during a raid of a settlement within Greece. Further specifics are not mentioned.

I̅X̅-4 are an anomalous species of flora composed entirely of an organic rock structure. The structures making up their petals, leaves, anthers, and seeds, however, are all made up of organic crystals of varying shapes and colors. I̅X̅-4 instances can be found all across SCP-9225 in mountainous or rocky terrains, as I̅X̅-4 instances require large amounts of sediment and minerals, which they absorb from surrounding geological material, in order to grow to maturity.

I̅X̅-4 members can manifest as a variety of different flora, including but not limited to: Trees, flowers, vines, and shrubs. The crystalline structures, other than their origins, are nearly identical to non-anomalous crystals and can be used as such without incident.

</details>

@@ @@

= **Addendum 9225.3:** Progress with the Capital

 

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Expedition-City/Log01</summary>

> = **Expedition Log**

> ----

> **Preface:** Due to SCP-9225-A's importance in the culture preceding SCP-9225, as well as its strategic point as the center of the anomaly, Team Lima was dispatched to explore and map out as much of the city layout as possible. 

> 

> **Date:**3/12/2024

> 

> **Expedition Team:** Agent Rodriguez(L2), Agent Asent(L3), Agent Ortiz(L4), Agent Rivera(L5), Agent Farraday(L6), Agent Gomez(L7), Agent Towers(L8)

> 

> **Expedition Leads:** Commander Nile Collins(L1)

> ----

> [Begin Log]

> 

> *The feed opens in front of SCP-9225-A's gargantuan gate, it is the only open method into the city. The walls dwarf the agents and extend far to each side, connecting with the mountain. Behind the agents, a temporary camp of Foundation personnel has been set up in order to conduct research, provide backup if necessary, and make the establishment of a base simpler. It is morning.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Sound equipment check everyone.

> 

> **All agents:** Check

> 

> **Lima-1:** Command, you read us on your end.

> 

> *Lima-1 looks back. From a set of computers in the camp, a female agent stands up, signalling a thumbs up.*

> 

> **Command:** Loud and clear Lima One.

> 

> *The agents turn and walk towards SCP-9225-A's gate.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Into the mouth of the beast then.

> 

> *The team goes through the gates, following a dirt path into the city itself. In the lowest layer, the layout seems to consist mostly of small domestic buildings, farm lands, and simple shops separated and unevenly spread throughout. The residences are relatively small, bearing two floors, and are composed primarily of mudbrick and various types of stone. The fields they pass are abundant with crops, and several carts and wooden wagons litter the road. Multiple non-anomalous creatures can be seen roaming the cityscape.*

> 

> *As they walk, the path splits into multiple roads, alleyways, and streets. In the far distance, stairs and ramps can be seen going upwards to the higher layers.*

> 

> **Lima-7:** Psst! Entities on our nine.

> 

> *The agents look to their left. In one of the farther fields, a wooden humanoid can be seen tending to the crops, removing some and placing them into a tweed basket. The entity does not notice them. In further fields, several more can be seen doing the same. Lima-1 signals for them to approach quietly.*

> 

> *As the image of the entity gets clearer, its figure becomes more defined. It is made of tree bark, with the area above the waist resembling a male humanoid figure, while its lower area is made up of multiple sets of long roots that it uses as legs or extra arms. The top of its head sprouts branches and leaves, forming a small canopy.*

> 

> **Lima-2:** Looks... friendly?

> 

> *When the agents reach a close enough distance, the entity turns to look at them. Its face is featureless, with the exception of two carved holes that serve as its eyes. A soft green light emanates from within the holes. It stares at the agents momentarily, then returns to harvesting the field.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Command, we've come across our first anomalous entity. It appears to be non-hostile. 

> 

> **Command:** Copy, any further details?

> 

> **Lima-1:** Partial humanoid, composition and appearance of a tree, and from the looks of it, they mostly just collect crops.

> 

> **Command:** Understood, you may continue the expedition.

> 

> *The agents turn back to the roads. The wooden entity does not react to them leaving. Further along the pathways, the agents reach a plaza of moderate size. There are stalls along the edges and the center storing a variety of foods and items. The team searches the stalls, but other than finding instances of I̅X̅-2 and jewlery made using I̅X̅-4, no further anomalies are discovered.*

> 

> *Exploration of the rest of the layer reveals mostly the same layout of residences, farm land, and shops. Once the area has been marked, the team ascends to the next layer of SCP-9225-A.*

> 

> *Team Lima emerges near a large town hall connected to a section filled with larger buildings. The town hall is decorated with intricate patterns and royal imagery, depicting images of a regal figure reaching out to several individuals. Above the hall is a nest of unknown avians. The creatures have three sets of feathered wings, a long tail, and a pointed beak. They fly across the structure and ignore the agents.*

> 

> *They continue forwards, but come to a sudden stop.*

> 

> **Lima-4:** What is it?

> 

> *Lima-1 looks to the roofs of the buildings. There is nothing.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Thought I saw some-

> 

> *A sudden rumbling echoes across the streets, getting closer. The agents duck for cover and from one of the side roads, a large stone golem lumbers through the street. The golem is around 8 meters tall, with thick, boulder-sized legs and equally thick arms. It does not have a head, but in its center is carved a glowing yellow eye. The golem looks around the area, then lumbers on to another part of the city. The agents come out of hiding.*

> 

> **Lima-4:** That thing was huge!

> 

> **Lima-8:** Do you think it's like the others?

> 

> **Lima-3:** I don't know, don't really want to find out.

> 

> **Lima-1:** We can also safely assume there are more of them out there. If those wooden ones are anything to go off.

> 

> **Lima-5:** Yeah, I guess so. Where to then?

> 

> **Lima-1:** Command, we are located near what appears to be a town hall in the center sector of the second layer, can you see what the nearest landmark is?

> 

> **Command:** You've got a ziggurat close to the east, you should be able to reach it in some thirty minutes or so. If you also follow the northern route once you reach the ziggurat, you can ascend to the next layer.

> 

> **Lima-1:** Copy that. Alright team, you heard 'em! East sector. Stay on the lookout, and let me know if you see anything, I think there are other things here beside those golems.

> 

> *The agents nod and move east. The walk to the ziggurat takes an hour and a half, as the agents encounter two more instances of the stone entities roaming the streets, as well as several anomalous entities patrolling in groups. These entities are humanoid, and are hidden by the armor covering them. Their faceplates bear an engraved human face, and wield a variety of different weapons suh as spears, scimitars with glowing edges, axes, and rounded shields with the mark of an unknown flower stamped onto their surfaces.*

> 

> *Despite the increased obstacles, the agents manage to evade detection. The streets are more tightly wound in the second sector, as the structures are larger and expansive. The homes are much more extensive, and there are multiple buildings dedicated to shops or other services such as schools and barracks.*

> 

> *The ziggurat looms above the team. As the team ascends the stairs to the structure, more of the city can be seen. While the remaining two upper layers are only slightly more visible, the agents can now see most of the second and first layer. In the second, dozens of golems can be seen patrolling the streets. The doors leading inside are shut. Lima-1 approaches and attempts to push. The doors open without much resistance. Inside the ziggurat, the rooms are illuminated by torchlight coming in through several indents in the walls.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Fan out, see if you can figure out what these things were used for.

> 

> *The agents turn on their flashlights and go in separate directions, weapons drawn. The primary room of the ziggurat is filled with tables, seats, and a multitude of clay tablets and scrolls stored within shelves. Following the pathways deeper reveals several rooms containing anomalous artifacts and research. Lima-5 picks up a spear laying on a table next to several tools. The spear emits a faint electrical hum, and ingrained tubes within the shaft and head flow with a blue substance.*

> 

> **Lima-5:** Do you think these people were actually experimenting with anomalies?

> 

> **Lima-3:** Is that really new? Ancient civs with anomalous gifts ring any bells for ya?

> 

> **Lima-5:** <Sighs> No, I mean, this looks like actual research. Y'know, experiments and shit.

> 

> **Lima-2:** Eh, s'all the same in the end. Used it to benefit themselves and fight against others. Nothing new here, they're just fancier about it.

> 

> **Lima-5:** Call me paranoid, but it just feels a little closer to home than I'd like.

> 

> *Lima-2 grabs an amulet made of bone. He puts it down once it starts glowing.*

> 

> **Lima-6:** Where'd you think they got all these?

> 

> **Lima-1:** <Absent minded> Clearly these folk didn't like to play nice with others, and besides, 9225 doesn't seem like the most normal place to live in. 

> 

> *Lima-1 points to another room. Through the faint light, he can see several empty cages next to more equipment.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Come on, we've got one last room.

> 

> *The agents ascend to the tip of the ziggurat, finding a large office-like room with several decorations, artifacts, and shelves. When the agents enter, a group of small critters resembling clumps of dust skitter into hiding. The agents look around, but find it to be similar to what they had already found.*

> 

> *Once Lima-1 notifies command of the discovery, the agents leave the ziggurat and move to ascend to the third layer. As they walk across one of the staircases leading up, Lima-8 can be seen constantly looking around the area.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** You doing alright eight?

> 

> **Lima-8:** <Stutter> Oh, umm, yeah. S'just that since the golem encounter, feel's like something's following us. When I look though, there's never anyone.

> 

> **Lima-1:** Probably because if they are following us, then they don't want to be seen. So keep attentive, better safe than sorry.

> 

> *Team Lima reaches the third layer of the city. The houses are luxurious, now incorporating other materials into their architecture such as metals and decorative ceramics.  Buildings tower over one another, standing with multiple floors, and are overall constructed more organized than the areas of the previous two layers. Here, near the back and the edges, several large buildings are built into the mountain and extend further into it. Though there are less golems roaming this layer, there is a significant increase in the amount of patrols of the armored entities.*

> 

> *The agents are hidden in an alleyway, taking cover from the entities. Lima-1 looks back through where they came, they are high above the lower city, and the sun is a few hours away from setting.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Command, how long do we have till sunset?

> 

> **Command:** Roughly four hours Lima One.

> 

> *Lima-1 looks towards the third layer, and the palace at the highest point. He thinks for a few moments.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** <Hums> I might be calling a return to base soon. At most, we might be able to get a basic idea of what the third layer looks like, but if we want to make it before sundown, we need to head back.

> 

> **Command:** Understood, head back to base camp, we'll cover the rest in a secondary exp-

> 

> **Lima-8:** <Loud whisper> Captain!

> 

> *Everyone turns to look at Lima-8, who aims his rifle into the rooftops.*

> 

> **Lima-8:** Something's on the rooftops!

> 

> *A sudden noise comes from one of the alleyways behind Lima-1, and the agents turn their weapons, but see nothing. The members gather close, forming a perimeter. A noise echoes from another rooftop.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** We've got to move to better cover. If we can get to one of the temples, the open space should-

> 

> **Lima-4:** Captain, we've got another problem.

> 

> *On the other end of the alleyway, a group of the armored entities have noticed the agents and approach, weapons drawn.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Shit.

> 

> = **[REDACTED: LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE REQUIRED]**

> 

> ----

> 

> **Afterword:** Following Team Lima's expedition into SCP-9225-A, it was determined that Layers 1 and 2 would remain as the default research sources, since higher layers were considered too dangerous for individual squads to explore. A Foundation base was established among the structures of Layer 1, with researchers being able to enter Layer 2 only when accompanied by five or more agents. Expeditions into other areas of SCP-9225 are to continue as scheduled.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Catalogue/Historical-Documents/SCP-9225-A</summary>

> Tetra,

> 

> I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with those golems roaming the streets of Androdynamis. I'm not implying I don't trust your judgement, but the tree men are one subject, while these are a separate matter entirely. If anything should go wrong, the damage would be too much. The Bronze Legion is sufficient for protection right now, we don't need these things, especially when you still can't give me a straight answer on how exactly they work. And don't use your "magic" excuse. 

> 

> Soldiers have honor, loyalty, determination. They have a true warrior's spirit. I don't even know if these barely intelligent boulders know what honor even means. I'm just saying, maybe test your little projects elsewhere, maybe one of the towns in the outskirts.

> 

> Yss'gvan, 9th of the Spears

> My lord, a new kingdom arises in the north. When returning from our expedition, our caravan came across one Ushar Bako, 12th member of the Spears, and a supposed politician for their fledgling society. He and his men wish for an audience with you regarding formalities between you and their king. While normally I would refuse such ambitious claims from foolish men, they did offer a gift for your highness. It was multiple packages of jeweled flowers and foods like that I've never seen before. Their generosity is the reason for this correspondence. Maybe they have much more to offer than I first thought. I beg, let me know your desires and I will make it known as such.

> 

> Kheti, Advisor to his holiness the Pharaoh

> The Tribe of the Arid Hills in the east has surrendered, the rest are sure to follow. If we are to root a state in the land we must act quickly before dissent spreads or the other kingdoms try to take it for themselves. I think sending both Ushar and Theron should bring a swift solution. Ushar, for his charisma, and Lucius for his swift action against any who would slow down our progress. 

> 

> The Unification continues without opposition. Malthace also asked me to notify you of her completion of the elixir you requested. She will send various amounts soon. 

> 

> On a more unfortunate matter, our magicians believe there is little else to gain regarding [ those ruins of flesh](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2095 ), our leads run dry and we still know nothing of the people they belonged to. I apologize for our failed efforts.

> 

> Yss'gvan, 9th of the Spears

> I mark the fall of another group, the Theledrans, though they fought valiantly, they were no match for our emperor and his armies. Their techniques of imbuing will upon the world around them, however, was particularly interesting. We will study their methods for replication. I'm sure Tetra finds such things fascinating.

> 

> The combat doesn't end until the Unification is complete, however, so Rex'aeter has mobilized the Bronze Legion towards our next target, the Dunewalkers in the south.

> 

> As the power of our Seaenid Empire rises, so too will man's might. The Unification will continue.

> 

> Seraphion, Keeper

> Would I have not come here myself, I don't think I would've believed any of what I write. I don't expect belief in what I write regardless, for it is something I thought unfathomable, and no doubt others do as well.

> 

> I write this text from Androdynamis, capital of the Seaenid empire, home of the tyrant king Rex'aeter, and his terrible army. Yet I find myself eating a warm pastry by a calm field while magical creatures fly above. Members of their infamous Bronze Legion walk past, yet they mingle with the citizens, exchanging pleasantries and words of kindness.

> 

> This is not the place I expected. The city is beautiful, its people happy, and even in the outer villages, the peasants live tranquil lives. These revelations are simultaneously frightening and beautiful to behold. If you were to look at the same sight I see, you would also ask yourself if these are the same terrible conquerors of the sea. Even those that submit are treated as their own. I hardly believe it myself.

> 

> I might extend my visit here a while longer.

> 

> A wanderer

> I found myself today, when reciting a poem in the desert kingdom, insulted by various commoners. They deny our city's glory, our Emperor's majesty? They insult my art as jokes and jests, that no such violent empire could be as beautiful as my poems describe. Impudent fools the lot of them. The only reason they stand here under their own rule is because their pharaoh is wise to ally with our mighty lord, savior from the darkened days. I shall show them, take them to the city myself if I have to. Only upon bearing witness with their own eyes will they truly be able to see. Foolish they are because they deny our Emperor, but once he unifies the world, man shall be foolish no longer.

> 

> Athymas the poet

> I mark another fall, this time the Kingdom of the Terrahominis, their resistance was short lived, and now they are no more. Their guardian, the Serpent of Many Eyes, is also lost, slain by our emperor, thus proving the power of united man over the magics of other beings. They should have forsaken it when we gave them the chance...

> 

> No matter, something new has surfaced. While on the return from the invasion, we came across strange ruins. They were alien, not quite magical, but also unlike anything we've ever seen. Steel structures, remains of people mixed with metal parts in their bones, and artifacts of which we've the slightest idea how to use.

> 

> Our emperor seemed concerned, we left several men and magicians to investigate and took some of the artifacts home. None of the common folk shall be informed. Hopefully we can gleam something of this mystery, for our emperor fears what potential threat could have created such strange things.

> 

> Seraphion, Keeper

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Catalogue/Anomalies/SCP-9225-A</summary>

I̅X̅-5 are anomalous humanoid constructs composed primarily out of wood, tree bark, and other tree components. Their sizes vary, but are often between the 1.5m-2m range. The bottom half of their body is made up of various roots that can be used as independent limbs for either movement or management of items. The upper half of their body is humanoid, with a canopy of branches and leaves growing out of their head, and a featureless face, with the exception of two glowing green eyes.

Based on observations, tests, and historical documentations, I̅X̅-5 instances were built primarily for menial labor such as farm work or house duties. While the method of their creation, as well as how they were instructed, is unknown, various discovered texts imply a strong connection to I̅X̅-6 entities.

I̅X̅-6 entities are anomalous constructs built out of various types of stone. They measure between 7-8 meters in height, with large, thick, and durable arms and legs. I̅X̅-6 instances lack a head and instead possess a large yellow runic eye carved into the center of their main body mass, which is roughly spherical. 

These entities have incredible strength and defense, able to withstand most forms of firearms, and are primarily used as guardians/soldiers of SCP-9225-A. The method of their creation and methods of control is unknown, but are believed to be tied to I̅X̅-5Though lacking much evidence, a connection between an ancient civilization known as the Theledrans and both I̅X̅-5 and I̅X̅-6 can be drawn. Further investigation into this kingdom's practices, as well as their use when taken by the Seaenid Empire, is ongoing..

I̅X̅-7 are an anomalous species of avian organisms which can be found across various environments within SCP-9225. These avian creatures measure 30cm long, with three sets of wings which each measure 45cm in wingspan. I̅X̅-7 instances are usually white and grey in coloration, with red and orange eyes, and a sharp yellow beak.

When threatened, I̅X̅-7 instances will rapidly flap their wings in order to create small gusts of wind capable of reaching 45kmh. Once the victim is disoriented, they will either flee, or attempt to overwhelm them if there are other instances nearby. They will use this same ability when hunting.  Instances are omnivorous, but primarily feed on fruits, rodents, or other small organisms. 

I̅X̅-7 instances are often found in flocks, and are rarely ever seen alone unless they are hunting, or searching for a mate, at which point they will leave the flock and try to mate with an instance from another flock. 

I̅X̅-8 are agressive humanoid entities whose body are composed entirely of animate pieces of armor. Measuring between 1.5m-2m in height, these entities' bodies, or the armor they possess, are composed of a beryllium bronze alloy capable of absorbing thaumaturgical energy used to try and attack it. Their bodies are resistant to damage, but with enough sustained fire, can be temporarily terminated. The armor of I̅X̅-8 instances is of a bronze coloration, with several repeating designs across the body and a carved human face in their helmet. Expressions can vary between instances.

I̅X̅-8 instances serve as the primary defense force of SCP-9225-A, and will attack any individual on sight if it perceives them as a threat to SCP-9225-A. They often wield a variety of melee weapons also composed of beryllium bronze. Even if the weapon is taken away, instances are capable of taking and transmuting nearby materials into a new weapon.

The origin of I̅X̅-8 instances is unknown, as records indicate that, when the Seaenid empire still existed, their forces were composed of entirely of living individuals. 

I̅X̅-9 is a spear composed primarily of a gold and copper alloy. This spear has been altered to harness an anomalous substance injected directly into a system of carved lines along its shaft and blade, which renders it capable of producing electrical energy. This energy can be stored or discharged at will and its intensity depends on the amount of energy stored prior to a discharge.

Based on textual evidence, the substance within I̅X̅-9 seems to originate from an anomalous species of marine fauna native to SCP-9225. Due to its apparent rarity, however, only a limited amount of I̅X̅-9 instances were produced, several of which have been found by Foundation personnel. 

I̅X̅-10 are an anomalous species of insectoid creatures commonly found in the more rock-filled areas of SCP-9225. Instances vary in coloration, but are typically grey, brown, black or variations of these three. They have two sets of large chitinous wings, sharp pincers with a straw-like tongue, as well as four thick legs composed of a reinforced bone substance. These legs, when put together, can gyrate, similar to a drill, at fast enough speeds to pierce through most types of stone.

Specimens are primarily carnivorous, and will hunt in pacts for their prey, at which point they will attempt to drill through their targets with their legs and feed on their innards through the use of their tongue.

I̅X̅-11 is a thaumaturgic ritual capable of summoning one or more sandstorms of varying levels of intensity. When summoned, these sandstorms are under the control of the user and can be manipulated according to their will, although it takes focus to maintain them for long periods of time.

Found alongside the research regarding the ritual were several pieces of equipment which, when worn, allow an individual to glide and, to a certain extent, fly within the bounds of a sandstorm regardless of its nature.

</details>

@@ @@

= **Addendum 9225.4:** Notable Incident Reports

 

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Incident/Logs</summary>

> = **INCIDENT REPORT**

> 

> ----

> 

> **Incident #:** 9225-05

> 

> **Location:** L.O.I.D2-B/Anomalous flora facility

> 

> **Date of Occurrence:** 4/12/2024

> 

> ----

> 

> While researching I̅X̅-2 specimens within the L.O.I.D2-B tunnel systems, several research personnel were attacked by a swarm of I̅X̅-10 instances who had burrowed into the tunnels from the hill above. Following initial contact, security personnel were notified of the attack and proceeded to engage the entities. While the I̅X̅-10 instances were dispatched and removed from the premises before reformation, a total of six Foundation personnel suffered significant injuries, with two dying during the incident.

> 

> Research into countermeasures against I̅X̅-10 anomalies are ongoing.

> = **INCIDENT REPORT**

> 

> ----

> 

> **Incident #:** 9225-06

> 

> **Location:** L.O.I.C1/Secondary Naval Port

> 

> **Date of Occurrence:** 4/16/2024

> 

> ----

> 

> Following the record taken by Drone Charlie, a squadron of MTF agents was deployed to explore the underwater portions of the naval port. While deployed, they were able to discover an underwater settlement below the port, and extending across the deeper portions of SCP-9225. The settlement's structure could be seen possessing a moderate amount of water damage, and most of the primary structures were jagged and warped.

> 

> Shortly after entering the domain, the MTF agents were attacked by groups of humanoid-aquatic hybrid entities that emerged from the surrounding environment. The agents attempted to engage, but were overwhelmed by the large number of entities, as well as their disadvantage within the aquatic environment. Only one agent managed to survive the exchange. Following this incident, manned expeditions into the waters surrounding SCP-9225 were prohibited unless approved by Senior Researcher Wilmont.

> = **INCIDENT 9225-10: VIDEO LOG**

> 

> ----

> 

> **DATE:** 5/01/2024

> 

> **NOTE:** The following event takes place within the outer limits of the base camp within SCP-9225-A. A group of I̅X̅-8 entities deviated from their usual patrols when they spotted a group of agents and research personnel returning from an expedition into Layer 2. They followed the personnel to the camp and proceeded to engage with the agents stationed at the area.

>  

> ----

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **17:40:** The expedition sent into Layer 2 returns back to base camp alongside several historical documents and anomalous objects recovered from the ziggurats. In the distance, five I̅X̅-8 instances approach base camp, weapons drawn.

> 

> **17:44:** Twelve security personnel open fire on the entities. Most attempt to dodge the attacks, but others continue charging. As to not draw the entities to the larger camp, the security personnel draw them into one of the nearby fields.

> 

> **17:55:** Once further personnel arrive with armor-piercing ammunition, the instances are momentarily terminated. Their remains are placed in transportable humanoid containment chambers and studied even after they reform. There were a total of 4 injured personnel during the attack.

> 

> [END LOG]

> = **INCIDENT REPORT**

> 

> ----

> 

> **Incident #:** 9225-011

> 

> **Location:** L.O.I.B2/Thaumaturgical Research Base

> 

> **Date of Occurrence:** 5/13/2024

> 

> ----

> 

> = **[REDACTED: LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE REQUIRED]**

> = **INCIDENT REPORT**

> 

> ----

> 

> **Incident #:** 9225-013

> 

> **Location:** L.O.I.A1/Primary Naval Port

> 

> **Date of Occurrence:** 5/20/2024

> 

> ----

> 

> = **[REDACTED: LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE REQUIRED]**

> = **INCIDENT REPORT**

> 

> ----

> 

> **Incident #:** 9225-014

> 

> **Location:** South Eastern Sector of SCP-XXXX

> 

> **Date of Occurrence:** 5/29/2024

> 

> ----

> 

> = **[REDACTED: LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE REQUIRED]**

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Meetings/Liaison</summary>

> Meeting Transcript

> 

> ----

> 

> **Date:** 6/10/2024

> 

> **Individuals Present:** Dr. Wilmont, Dr. Mora, Dr. Pagan, Dr. Malave, O5 Liaison Quinn Hall

> 

> **Foreword:** The meeting presented in this transcript was organized by Agent Quinn Hall under the orders of O5-8.  While Dr. Wilmont is the primary SCP-9225 research lead, it was also asked that the researchers in charge of the flora, fauna, and anomalous history divisions also be present.

> 

> ----

> 

> = **<Begin Transcript>**

> 

> **Dr. Wilmont:** Well, then, now that we're all here, should I ask what this meeting's all about?

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** This is about SCP-9225, and the current progress of your operations, as the overseers have taken a particular interest in ensuring proper investigation of the anomaly. Let us start with the entities.

> 

> **Dr. Mora:** Well, when it comes to the anomalous organisms within SCP-9225, you must already know that they are essentially immortal.

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** I was made aware.

> 

> **Dr. Mora:** But we've also learned that the ecosystem does not change much from its prior state. Other than not needing to account for reproduction anymore, the way we see the land today, is exactly the same as it would've been before SCP-9225came into being. Possibly with the exception of some of the topographical anomalies, as the rock walls that line the shore have so far not been mentioned in any recovered document. 

> 

> **Dr. Pagan:** There is something similar with the flora of SCP-9225, wherein the specimens have barely changed across the centuries, but something differs slightly. 

> 

> *<Nervous tapping can be heard in the background>*

> 

> **Dr. Pagan:** In my discussions with Dr. Mora, as well as other researchers, we came to the conclusion that all "living" entities within SCP-9225 have a limited degree of thought. This is most notable with the humanoids, as they mainly stick to "tasks", and for the animals, well they don't really change much as all they really think about is hunt, rest, and flee. The plants, however, do not grow as expected.

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** Go on.

> 

> **Dr. Pagan:** For example, let's take an instance of I̅X̅-4, when we observe them in their natural biomes, they will typically grow to maturity as expected. However, once the biome reaches a certain number of mature specimens, no further seeds will grow unless a new space opens up via removal of an already mature specimen.

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** And this isn't exclusive to those specific instances?

> 

> **Dr. Pagan:** No, we've checked the same with the rest of the plant species on the island. Of course, the limits vary according to a variety of factors, but the results are the same. Whether this is a result of SCP-9225 or the plants, floral growth seemingly stalls whenever threat of overgrowth would normally follow. 

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** Hmm. Do you have a theory as to the cause?

> 

> **Dr. Mora:** We think it could be SCP-9225. We've got no proof of it yet, but it would make no sense for there to be an exception in the intelligence rule specifically for plant life. Though, we *are* dealing with an anomaly, so I guess anything really goes.

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** Understood.

> 

> *<A chair swivels to the side.>*

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** As for the island and its kingdom?

> 

> *<Silence for a few moments.>*

> 

> **Dr. Malave:** We haven't gleaned as much as we'd hope. We know that this empire, the Seaenids, rose to power starting roughly around the 920s BCE and continued on to, at the latest, 800 BCE. They were conquerors, led by an anomalously augmented emperor with a group of similarly augmented generals.

> 

> **Dr. Wilmont:** Unfortunately, we still have not found any documents or evidence from before 940, the year where defeat of something known as the Unseen happened, or after 805, where the last recorded conquest was that of a group of collective tribes in the middle east. 

> 

> *<Silence for several seconds.>*

> 

> **Dr. Malave:** We believe these documents we are missing should be found in the upper city. 

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** Then, if you know their possible location, why have no further expeditions been manned to explore these areas?

> 

> **Dr. Wilmont:** The entities, at those levels they are too many to avoid. Without even counting the threats we know nothing about. We have a theory, but I'd need council approval first.

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** What is the theory?

> 

> **Dr. Wilmont:** If it is true that these entities attack anything that they perceive as a threat, then maybe having our agents wear replica armor of a similar composition would fool them into a passive state.

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** You *do* realize what you are asking right?

> 

> **Dr. Wilmont:** Yes, but I really do think it is our best bet. We can equip the agents with  I̅X̅-9 for weapons and hide their recording equipment within the armor. I would only need enough for five sets of armor.

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** I will try to make an appeal, but I warn you, if this doesn't work, and no further progress is made, your position on this project would be up for debate.

> 

> **Dr. Wilmont:** I know, but we don't see much of an alternative that wouldn't result in large losses of personnel.

> 

> **Quinn Hall:** Alright. This meeting is adjourned.

> 

> = **<End Transcript>**

> 

> ----

> 

> **Afterword:**Following this meeting, the proposal was brought to the O5 Council's attention, and after the subsequent approval, began preparations for the next expedition into the upper layers of SCP-9225-A.

</details>

@@ @@

= **Addendum 9225.5:** Secondary Expedition

 

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Expedition-City/Log02</summary>

> = **Expedition Log**

> ----

> **Preface:** Following completion of the beryllium bronze armor pieces, it was decided that an expedition into the remaining layers of SCP-9225-A was to be attempted. This served as both a test, and, if it worked, an exploration of the remaining areas.

> 

> **Date:**6/25/2024

> 

> **Expedition Team:** Agent Daniels(R2), Agent Viren(R3), Agent Erwin(R4), Agent Halliday(R5)

> 

> **Expedition Leads:** Commander Lester Neyman

> ----

> [Begin Log]

> 

> = **[REDACTED: LEVEL 5 CLEARANCE REQUIRED]**

> 

> [End Log]

> 

> ----

> 

> **Afterword:** Due to Dr. Wilmont and Dr. Malave's theory being proven true, any personnel ascending to Layer 3 and 4 of SCP-9225-A must wear one of the Foundation-built decoy armors as to not get attacked by I̅X̅-8 instances. Research personnel must also be accompanied by one or more security agents when ascending.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Catalogue/Historical-Documents/SCP-9225-A/02</summary>

> The Unseen strikes once more, this time it took fifteen of us, and as usual, no one saw anything. Not a sound, nor a trace, nor even a sight out of the corner of their vision. This can't go on like this, I refuse to let it go on like this. I will go to the village tonight and rally all I can, and we will march to the Forest of Beasts, for that is the only place such a thing can exist. Upon my life and name, Rex'aeter, this monster shall take no more of our fellows' lives. 

> The situation has not improved. I don't think the emperor is sick, but he is unwell. As our scouts discovered more eldritch flesh structures buried in long forgotten mountains, more strange mechanical artifacts of steel and cogs, and more remnants of peoples long gone, the emperor grew ever more paranoid. He threw himself entirely into the investigation of these two lost peoples. He has gone as far as to leave the management of the conquest temporarily to the Ninth Spear. 

> 

> I've never seen such a thing. I ought to speak with him, it's the least I can do. Though he has been difficult to bear in the last decades, I cannot deny that I too have failed my duty as his closest compatriot.

> 

> Seraphion, Keeper

> I write this as I ready myself to hunt the Unseen once more, though it took some days, a battalion of men stand ready, sharpening their weapons and preparing for the coming battle. Helping me lead them are the tips of the spears that will bring down this cursed beast, the only thirteen to volunteer without hesitation when I returned safe from my previous hunt.

> 

> That day, no one answered my call, even Seraphion refused to go. Despite knowing his abilities render him a better scribe than fighter, the refusal hurt all the same. Regardless, I headed out to the woods that very night, intent on my resolve. Not long after, my ambition nearly proved to be my downfall.

> 

> The first clue was the attack of the mind, as I drew further into the forest, I could barely remember who I was or what I was doing. Then, it went for the kill, and my only option was to run. I couldn't see it, not even hear it, yet I knew it was giving chase and that if I stopped running, I would soon find myself another one of its victims. 

> 

> In a stroke of luck, I tripped and fell into a small ravine, sliding through its slippery terrain until I ended up falling face first into a cavern. Though I suffered several injuries, I was safe. Getting a bearing on my surroundings, I realized that I had landed upon a field of pale grey and yellow flowers, accidentally inhaling their pollen.

> 

> Before I could decide on the next course of action, I thought back to the encounter and how unprepared I was to face such a bestial foe. I remembered its agile speed, its fanged mouth, sharpened claws and armored face. I remembered its multiple beady eyes and its sleek, shadow-like body. And before I could step foot out of the cavern, I realized that I was able to remember the encounter. And that I had seen the Unseen.

> 

> After I returned with my life and the knowledge of these flowers, it took little convincing to finally gather strength to put an end to this nightmare.

> I believe the emperor is not in his right mind. I went and talked with him about his current state, and what he revealed is nothing short of madness. He wants to make our empire immortal, an impossible feat. Though I thought it metaphorical at first, he explained his plot, and now I see that whatever comes next can only end in either the greatest success man's ever known, or catastrophic failure.

> 

> He does not intend to tell the Thirteen. I don't think I can stop him. But I will not abandon him again.

> 

> Seraphion, Keeper

> The Unseen is dead. Finally dead. After centuries of torment. I am happy, yet I can't help but think upon it from time to time. Such a powerful, horrid beast roaming the landscape unchained. So many were killed, lives destroyed, and fear sown throughout our clan. Yet it was not invincible, just different.

> 

> The Unseen was not the only threat out there. So many other dangers roam our island, unexplainable, untamable, dangerous. But if we could defeat one, we can defeat the rest. Maybe if we do, man won't have to live under the thumb of the thing's beyond understanding anymore. Maybe if we're strong enough, we could unite the whole world under our banner. Man, united as one. Wouldn't that be an interesting idea?

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Catalogue/Anomalies/SCP-9225-A02</summary>

I̅X̅-12 are anomalous aquatic humanoids who reside within the underwater settlements spread around SCP-XXXX. They are highly aggressive and will attack any individual that approaches. I̅X̅-12 instances resemble humans mixed with properties of marine life, which appear to have been thaumaturgically grafted into their bodies through some sort of ritual. The aquatic traits of each individual instance can vary, but the most common traits appear to be webbed appendages, sharp teeth, gills, and scaled skin.

Instances wield weaponry similar to those used by I̅X̅-8, and even occasionally wear pieces of water damaged armor. However, for most instances, their added aquatic traits prevent the use of armor and therefore discard it entirely. The traits any individual instance possesses does not seem to correlate with others, with the exception of producing severe body deformations and granting the instance an extra anomalous ability.

For a list of all known I̅X̅-12 variants, submit an research inquest to the desk of either Dr. Mora or Dr. Wilmont.

I̅X̅-13 are an anomalous species of flora found in a small garden within the palace at the top of SCP-9225-A. Instances are a pale grey in coloration, with the exception of the nectar and seeds, which glow yellow. When analyzed, it was found that the pollen produced by I̅X̅-13 has mnestic properties when consumed or inhaled.

While there is a theorized origin to where I̅X̅-13 instances grow within SCP-9225, the precise location has been deemed to be unfeasible to reach.

I̅X̅-14 is the skull of an unknown creature. The skull possesses antimemetic properties that, when analyzed, differed from those of SCP-9225. As such, it is likely that the specimen possessed these properties prior to the formation of SCP-9225. The skull measures roughly 1 meter in size, with four eye sockets, multiple front-facing horn structures, and a large jaw with two rows of sharpened, backwards-facing teeth.

Based on texts found within SCP-9225, I̅X̅-14 seemed to be the first major anomalous entity slain by the SCP-9225 civilization, and the catalyst for their rapid expansion. Whether this entity was part of a larger species is unknown.

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILES ARE LEVEL 5/9225 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THESE FILES WITHOUT LEVEL 5/9225 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= **Addendum 9225.6:** Redacted Files

 

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Expedition-City/Log01</summary>

> = **<Begin Redacted Section>**

> 

> ----

> 

> [Continue Log]

> 

> *Team Lima runs through the third layer of SCP-9225-A. They are being chased by fifteen I̅X̅-8 instances. Lima-8 and Lima-2 are injured, bleeding from wounds in the chest and legs. Several of the agents fire at the entities, but the bullets only stun them momentarily. As they cross a corner, Lima-1 looks up, seeing a path between the luxurious buildings onto the palace above.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Go to the palace! We can take cover and reposition!

> 

> *In front of the long stone stairway leading to the palace, three more I̅X̅-8 instances spot the agents and begin to charge. The agents fire, but there are too many instances. From the front, the three instances make contact with Lima-4, Lima-5, and Lima-3. From behind the rest of the agents try to delay the instances chasing them, throwing several grenades and destroying ten of the entities.*

> 

> *Lima-4 and Lima-5 manage to fend off the attacks, especially once the rest of the agents manage to regain focus, but Lima-3 is fatally stabbed in the gut.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Asent!

> 

> *Lima-1 manages to push off the entity and separate pieces of its armor with his assault rifle.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Help him up, we've got to get going!

> 

> *Lima-4 and Lima-6 pick up and carry Lima-6. The agents ascend the staircase and duck inside the palace. When Lima-1 looks back, he sees the entities reforming and looking around for the agents. In the distance, the sun grows close to setting. From their current position, the agents would not be able to make it back to camp on time.*

> 

> *The injured agents are sat down and treated for their wounds. Lima-3, however, expired during the ascent to the palace.*

> 

> **Lima-6:** Shit! Damn it!

> 

> *The yell echoes through the palace. It is filled with decorated pillars, seats, and tables. The walls are painted with dyes and carvings line the walls. The center of the large hall is empty. At the end of the hall is a throne, it is made up of what appears to be beryllium bronze, with several runic and thaumaturgic runes engraved on its surface. Above the throne, mounted on the decorated wall, is the skull of an unknown entity.*

> 

> **Lima-5:** What do we do?

> 

> *Lima-1 paces across the room.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** We wait. There's no way we can make it back before the sun sets, so it's best to make camp here for the night. Do not let your guard down.

> 

> **Lima-4:** What about Asent?

> 

> **Lima-1:** See if anyone can find a sheet to cover him with.

> 

> *Lima-1 and Lima-4 stay with Lima-2 and Lima-8. The rest of the team spreads out exploring the large palace. After a few minutes, Lima-5 and Lima-7 come back with fresh sheets. The palace is dark now. The only light sources are the portable pocket lights the team brought with them.*

> 

> **Lima-7:** Found them in the bedrooms. 

> 

> **Lima-5:** We also found these.

> 

> *Lima-5 produces vials of medicine and bandages.*

> 

> **Lima-5:** Look to be fairly normal.

> 

> **Lima-2:** (Pointing at the skull) What do you think that was?

> 

> **Lima-4:** Don't really want to know. Last thing we need is *that* fossil to start trying to kill us.

> 

> *Beside Lima-1, Lima-2 perks up.*

> 

> **Lima-2:** Has anyone seen six?

> 

> *The agents look around, but find that Lima-6 is nowhere to be found. They ready their weapons.*

> 

> **Lima-1** (Comms) Lima-6, do you copy?

> 

> **Lima-6:** (Comms) Loud and clear captain.

> 

> **Lima-1:**(Comms) Where are you?

> 

> **Lima-6:** (Comms) Was making my way back, but heard some noises coming from the hallway to the main room. Was hiding just in case it wasn't one of yall. 

> 

> **Lima-1:** (Comms) Come back here as soon as you can. Now. Rest of you, form a perimeter, the room's been compromised.

> 

> *Lima-1 goes to move to the center of the room, but sees Lima-2 recoil with a yell when he tries to move Lima-8. He then sees that Lima-8 has had his throat slit and has expired.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Look out for hosti-

> 

> *Lima-1 is interrupted by a loud gargling noise. From one of the dark corners of the room, Lima-4 has been stabbed through the throat. The attacker removes the blade and disappears into the corner. The agents fire into the area, but the attacker has vanished entirely.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Center, now!

> 

> *Lima-1 helps Lima-2 reach the center of the hall. The remaining agents also reconvene there. They look around the room, but find nothing.*

> 

> **Lima-5:** What the fuck was that?!

> 

> **Lima-7:** Just keep watching!

> 

> **Lima-6:** Guys, what's going on?

> 

> *From the hall on the left, Lima-6 appears, weapon drawn. Lima-1 and Lima-5 turn to look at him.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** It's an attack, we need to figure out what-

> 

> *Lima-1 sees Lima-6 aiming his weapon up. When he turns to look, he sees a cloaked entity lunging towards Lima-5, a dagger emerging from their sleeve. Before either of them can react, Lima-5 is also stabbed in the throat, with the entity dodging gunfire and fading back into the darkened corner.*

> 

> **Lima-1:** Use the lights.

> 

> *The remaining agents illuminate the darkened corners with their flashlights. Lima-6 runs to check on Lima-5, but finds him already dead. Suddenly, one of the agents' pocket lights is destroyed, followed by another across the room. Not long after, all of the lights are shattered one by one, until only the agents' flashlights remain.*

> 

> *The Team Lima agents slowly move back towards the entrance, trying to escape, but the entity leaps from behind one of the pillars, killing Lima-6 with its dagger. As the agents try to fire on the entity, it can be briefly be seen to be a humanoid figure whose body is hidden by a long cloak, before it demanifests into the darkness again.*

> 

> *The last three agents run towards the outside of the palace, but each is suddenly taken down by a thin, dagger-like projectile thrown from the right side of the room. Lima-1 and Lima-2 were each hit in the chest, but Lima-7 was stabbed in the back of the head. During the fall, the agents' flashlights shut off.*

> 

> *The rest of the footage is dark, but the sounds of the remaining agents being killed can be heard.*

> 

> [End Log]

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Expedition-City/Log02</summary>

> [Begin Log]

> 

> The feed opens to the five agents wearing full sets of I̅X̅-8 armor and a I̅X̅-9 instance. They are outside the base in the first layer. A I̅X̅-5 instance waters a field beside them.//

> 

> **Romeo-1:** Mic checks everyone.

> 

> **Romeo-2:** Check.

> 

> **Romeo-3:** Check.

> 

> **Romeo-4:** Check.

> 

> **Romeo-5:** Check.

> 

> **Romeo-1:** Alright team, let's move out.

> 

> *The five agents walk past the field and towards the other layers.*

> 

> **Romeo-3:** Damn, these things are hot.

> 

> **Romeo-5:** Wearing heavy metal armor during a mediterranean summer? Who would've thought.

> 

> **Romeo-3:** I'll never complain about the tactical gear again. At least those were somewhat breathable.

> 

> *After half an hour, the team reaches layer two and come across a group of I̅X̅-8 instances in the distance.*

> 

> **Romeo-1:** Alright, let's hope these work...

> 

> *Romeo-1 approaches the instances. They stare at him briefly, then walk into another street. A heavy breath can be heard. Behind Romeo-1, the rest of the agents also breathe relieved.*

> 

> **Romeo-1:** They work, the suits work. Thank God.

> 

> *After one hour and a half, and several encounters with both I̅X̅-8 and I̅X̅-6 entities, Team Romeo reaches a connecting point between layer 2 and layer 3. The agents ascend the staircase, emerging near a large shop. From outside, several I̅X̅-5 instances can be seen organizing crates and bags of items. The instances are decorated with jewelry.*

> 

> **Romeo-1:** Alright, so command instructed us to explore the remaining layers. So let's make some rounds of the third layer, map out the general area, then explore the palace. Remember, you all saw what happened to Lima, look out for dark corners.

> 

> *The agents nod in unison. For the next six hours, Team Romeo explores through most of layer 3. The area is more luxurious and scholarly, with less military outposts and more ziggurats, libraries, and administrative centers. On both ends where the city meets the mountain side, however, large military bases which expand further in are built into the rock. In these locations, several dozen I̅X̅-8 instances can be found entering and exiting. In some of the tunnels, large unidentified avian creatures can be seen stored in cages, some being fed by the I̅X̅-8 instances.*

> 

> *After mapping out the third layer, the agents return to the stone staircase leading up to the palace. They ascend, looking for signs of the entity that attacked Team Lima. When they reach the top, the Palace can be fully analyzed. It is a massive structure constructed of stone and clay, with multiple pillars holding up the structure and multiple floors going upwards, all with sloped rectangular roofs. The walls are decorated in a variety of colors and plentiful gardens extend from each of the palace's sides. Beside several of the bushes, I̅X̅-13 instances dot the ground, their nectars emitting a soft glowing light.*

> 

> **Romeo-4:** Shit... this place is beautiful.

> 

> *The agents enter the palace into the throne room, it is the same as when Team Lima found it, but there is no sign of their presence. In the daylight, it can be seen that the floors are made up of mosaics with colorful patterns.*

> 

> **Romeo-1:** No bodies... 

> 

> *The team continues into the hall. Romeo-1 approaches the throne. Atop it, the skull hangs untouched. It is of a simple design, with a cushioned seat and a cubic form. The runes emit a nearly imperceptible humming. As Romeo-1 inspects the throne, he notices a circular crevice engraved into the floor near the throne. He bends down to inspect it. It is smooth. From all sides of the circle, crystal lines engraved into the floor meet in its center. The lines are transparent and dull.*

> 

> **Romeo-1:** Let's look around, and if you see anything that looks remotely like a round key, bring it to me.

> 

> **Romeo-2:** Sorry, a what?

> 

> *Romeo-1 points at the indent.*

> 

> **Romeo-1:** This space looks like it's missing a piece, so I assume that whatever it unlocks, the coats will be all excited about it.

> 

> **Romeo-4:** Better to get them off our backs I guess. 

> 

> *Romeo-2 nods his head to the side, then joins the rest of the agents as they enter the right side hallway. The deeper areas of the palace maintain a similar style to that of the throne room. During exploration they come across several guest rooms, studies, kitchens, and terraces.*

> 

> *They ascend through the floors until reaching the highest level, which contains three rooms. In the center of the room is a small, ornate fountain with a tiny statue of the emperor at the top. The doors to the rooms are wooden, with patterns carved into them. Romeo-1 sends Romeo-2 and Romeo-3 to investigate the rightmost door, Romeo-4 and Romeo-5 to investigate the left, while he explores the one in the middle.*

> 

> *Romeo-1 enters the room. It appears to be the emperor's bed chamber. Light comes in through windows at the end of the room. A large, ornate bed lies next to the windows, beside it a large shelf filled with texts is built into the wall. On the other side, next to a table and seating, is a staff and longsword hung on the wall. The sword is made of beryllium bronze with several thaumaturgic runes, different from those on the throne, etched into its surface. The hilt has an ornate design, with an icon on the flat of the guard. The icon is that of a blooming I̅X̅-13 instance. The staff beside it has a body of smooth black stone, culminating at a spiral top with a large transparent crystal in the center. The bottom of the staff has a circular crystal structure.*

> 

> *Romeo-1 takes both items and brings them to the fountain room, where the other agents wait.*

> 

> **Romeo-3:** Watcha got there captain?

> 

> **Romeo-1:** The key to that thing in the throne room, and a neat looking sword. You all find anything?

> 

> **Romeo-2:** Just a study. Rows upon rows of scrolls'n shit like that. Not really anything else.

> 

> **Romeo-5:** A war room, at least I think it is. It's got a huge map in the middle surrounded by 15 chairs. Probably where the plans were made. 

> 

> **Romeo-1:** Well then.

> 

> *Romeo-1 hands off the sword to Romeo-2.*

> 

> **Romeo-1:** Shall we find out what this staff opens?

> 

> *The team goes back down to the throne room. Romeo-1 approaches the throne while the other agents stand aside. He stabs the bottom of the staff into the slot. When he does, the crystal lines in the floor start glowing, alongside the bottom of the staff and the crystal topping it, followed by a deep rumbling noise. Behind the throne, a section of the floor opens up, revealing a stairway leading downwards. Torches line the walls.*

> 

> **Romeo-3:** Secret tunnel. Of course.

> 

> *Romeo-1 removes the staff from the slot and signals for the rest to follow. They descend the staircase for five minutes until they reach a plain wooden door. Slowly, Romeo-1 opens the door. Inside is a small, dimly lit chamber. At the end of the chamber there is an entity sitting atop a bone replica of the previous throne. The entity's appearance is identical to imagery depicting SCP-9225-A's emperor.*

> 

> *The armor worn by the entity bears a complex, majestic design, made of beryllium bronze with multiple runes and patterns similar to those of both the sword and throne. It seems mostly intact, but the entity's body is partially fused to the throne, which itself also intertwines into the walls of the chamber. The only part of the entity's body that isn't obscured is the face, which shows no sign of decomposition. It bears a neutral expression and has its eyes closed. Clutched in the entity's right hand is a tightly wound scroll. Beside the throne, carved onto the walls, is a string of text in SCP-9225's native language.*

> 

> **Romeo-1:** I think it's time to call this in.

> 

> [End Log]

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Incident/Logs</summary>

> = **INCIDENT REPORT**

> 

> ----

> 

> **Incident #:** 9225-011

> 

> **Location:** L.O.I.B2/Thaumaturgical Research Base

> 

> **Date of Occurrence:** 5/13/2024

> 

> ----

> 

> On 5/13/2024, 22:00 hours, researcher Thomas Jameson accidentally uncovered a hidden chamber within L.O.I.B2 when removing several documents from one of the ziggurat's research chambers. After contacting security personnel, a total of six armed agents were sent into the passageway to uncover where it led. The room, and a connected tunnel, led to an underground series of experimentation chambers containing a variety of mutilated anomalous organismsIncluding I̅X̅-1, I̅X̅-5, I̅X̅-6, and I̅X̅-12 instances. More organisms were present, but are as of yet uncatalogued., research documents, and unknown anomalous materials.

> 

> When the agents reached the deepest chamber of the complex, they encountered an unknown female entity dissecting a I̅X̅-12 corpse. The entity was covered in a black dress and displayed a skeletal body structure underneath the clothes. When the entity noticed the agents, it proceeded to attack them with a variety of different thaumaturgic spells, runes, and anomalous phenomena. The resulting conflict ended with the deaths of all agents present during the expedition.

> 

> Following this incident, monitoring equipment was set up in the closest chambers to the tunnel, as well as outside it, and the access point was sealed. The underground complex is to remain sealed off until further notice.

> = **INCIDENT REPORT**

> 

> ----

> 

> **Incident #:** 9225-013

> 

> **Location:** L.O.I.A1/Primary Naval Port

> 

> **Date of Occurrence:** 5/20/2024

> 

> ----

> 

> At 07:00 hours, unnatural weather phenomena began occurring off the coast of L.O.I.A1. A severe thunderstorm had manifested without warning in the area. While attempting to analyze the phenomena, Foundation instruments detected several naval vessels sailing within the storm's epicenter.

> 

> Following this discovery, several Foundation drones were deployed to attempt to approach the vessels. Once within the storm, the drones were able to capture footage of half a dozen Greek longships hidden within the storm. Swimming alongside the ships were several I̅X̅-12 instances. Leading the fleet was a larger longship, and at its head was an unidentified humanoid entity. The entity wore an altered variant of I̅X̅-8's armor, this one with sharper details, storm imagery and lacking a faceplate, wielding a spear with overloading energy. 

> 

> The entity's face was obscured by dark clouds, which crackled with lightning and emanated from every slit and opening in the armor's design. Its eyes were its only visible feature, which glowed a bright white. After the entity noticed the drones, all footage ceased as they were all struck by lightning simultaneously. 

> 

> The storm demanifested two hours after discovery. Research into the capture of the unidentified entity in the case of its remanifestation is ongoing.

> = **INCIDENT REPORT**

> 

> ----

> 

> **Incident #:** 9225-014

> 

> **Location:** South Eastern Sector of SCP-9225

> 

> **Date of Occurrence:** 5/29/2024

> 

> ----

> 

> During a routine scouting mission, a group of security personnel spotted a humanoid entity wandering a path between two hillsides. The personnel approached the entity, noting how it appeared to be an older Mediterranean male, around late 40s, and covered in a robe and simple clothes.

> 

> The entity ignored all attempts at communication with the agents, continuing to walk the path. When the agents attempted to restrain it, the entity reacted by manifesting a blade and attacking the agents. During the attack, the entity displayed anomalous levels of strength and agility, as well as the ability to manipulate the ground around it to generate clouds of dust to camouflage itself and blind the agents.

> 

> Following the deaths of all the squad members, the entity resumed its walking through the path. Foundation systems are to continually monitor the location of the entity and wait until capture is enacted.

</details>

@@ @@

= **Addendum 9225.7:** SCP-9225-Ω and Related Documents

 

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Profiles/13 Spears</summary>

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω1/The Spy

**Status:** Contained

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω1 is a humanoid entity which previously resided within the third and fourth layer of SCP-9225-A. It was first encountered by Team Lima during the first expedition into SCP-9225-A, after which the entity terminated all present agents. It is highly aggressive and will attack any individual it perceives as foreign to SCP-9225-A.

SCP-9225-Ω1 is covered by a cloak which obscures its entire body. It is theorized that it doesn't possess a physical body, as there are no known methods of seeing what's underneath the cloak. The only other visible properties of SCP-9225-Ω1 are its eyes, which are barely noticeable as white dots surrounded by dark brown irises, and its arms, which are covered in leather sleeves and gloves. The I̅X̅-13 icon is present on a silver clasp holding the hood of the cloak together.

SCP-9225-Ω1 is capable of producing several small to medium daggers and blades from its cloak, and possesses anomalous speed and agility. The entity is also capable of entirely dissipating into darkened areas and reappearing whenever it pleases, as well as in other nearby darkened locations. In order for this effect to take place, the area must be large enough to entirely encompass the entity. 

Following its discovery, a team of MTF agents was deployed to the area with high powered flashlights capable of producing 200,000 lumens. After the entity was lured out of hiding with a member of D-class personnel, the agents proceeded to disable by illuminating it and preventing access to any dark areas. Once this was achieved, a separate group of agents managed to enage with and contain the entity.

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω2/The Merchant

**Status:** Contained

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω2 is a non-hostile male humanoid of indeterminate age. It wears multiple luxurious articles of clothing, such as a long robe, colorful shirts and pants, as well as pieces of jewelry. I̅X̅-13 iconography is present in several pieces of jewelry and embroidery. SCP-9225-Ω2 is in a constant state of relaxation and joy, regardless of the circumstances. The entity is capable of producing various metals such as bullion, silver, and copper, spontaneously and without any known limits.

SCP-9225-Ω2 was discovered during an expedition into one of SCP-9225-A's economic institutions. When agents encountered the entity, it resided in a chamber completely filled with the various metals it can produce while reading several manuscripts detailing financial interactions with other ancient civilizations. It did not resist when the agents removed it from the chamber.

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω3/The Magician

**Status:** Uncontained, continuously monitored

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω3 is a female entity with powerful thaumaturgical capabilities. The entity is highly aggressive and will attack individuals who interrupt its work within the research chambers. Its body is mostly covered by a long black dress, which bears the I̅X̅-13 crest on a decorative brooch, but the areas that are uncovered, such as its arms, neck, and back, are all skeletal. The entity's head bears the appearance of a woman of Mediterranean descent in her late twenties, with long brown hair and one large yellow eye above its nose. Engraved upon both the dress and the bones of its body are several thaumaturgic runes which glow whenever the entity uses its anomalous capabilities.

The limits of SCP-9225-Ω3's thaumaturgical prowess are as of yet unknown. Due to the large quantity of runes in its body, it is capable of causing simple or complex effects depending on how many or what specific runes are in use. As such, priority has been placed on determining the meaning of each rune so that a list of possible combination effects as well as countermeasures can be composed. 

SCP-9225-Ω3 was discovered following Incident-9225-011. SCP-9225-Ω3 does not leave the hidden chamber and is continuously seen working on and experimenting on the organisms and anomalies stored within the rooms.

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω4/The Jailer

**Status:** Contained

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω4 is an arachnid entity with partial humanoid qualities. It is 2.2 meters in height and is highly aggressive. The upper half of SCP-9225-Ω4's body is that of a male in his mid thirties, covered in smooth, blood-stained iron armor, and with its face obscured by an iron helmet bearing a lamentful expression. The I̅X̅-13 crest is marked on both of its shoulder plates. The lower half of SCP-9225-Ω4's body is entirely arachnid with features of the Mediterranean Black Widow (*Latrodectus tredecimguttatus*). 

SCP-9225-Ω4 is capable of producing and manipulating iron chains released from the spinnerets located at the rear of its abdomen. Chains produced by SCP-9225-Ω4 are denser and more durable than regular chains, which SCP-9225-Ω4 uses in order to capture or attack individuals. SCP-9225-Ω4 also wields two sickles which produce a poison that, when introduced into the body, activates all of the body's pain receptors without causing additional damage.

The entity was found within the dungeons of SCP-9225-A, patrolling the tunnels alongside a variation of I̅X̅-8 instances wearing similar armor to SCP-9225-Ω4. The entity was able to be captured by security personnel alongside a deployment of [ MTF Epsilon-9 (Fire Eaters)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#delta-45 ), who continuously kept SCP-9225-Ω4 incapacitated until it could be placed in containment and removed from SCP-9225-A. 

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω5/The Seafarer

**Status:** Uncontained, area surrounding SCP-9225 continuously monitored for remanifestation

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω5 is a humanoid entity with weather manipulating capabilities. The entity also leads a naval battalion of I̅X̅-8 and I̅X̅-12 instances, though whether or not they actually control the entities is unknown. SCP-9225-Ω5 wears a set of beryllium bronze armor with storm and ocean imagery along its surface, alongside the I̅X̅-13 icon in the center. Grey thunder clouds with constant electrical charge constantly emerge from slits and openings in the entity's armor. SCP-9225-Ω5's face is obscured by the clouds it produces with the exception of its eyes, which glow a bright white.

The entity wields a more powerful variant of I̅X̅-9, which it uses to manipulate the surrounding storm that envelops its fleet when it manifests. Though there have not been many interactions with the anomaly, it is presumed to be aggressive, as it has thus far destroyed all drones attempting to monitor it during manifestations.

SCP-9225-Ω5 was first discovered during Incident-9225-013, and has since had 7 more manifestations with varying times of dissipation ranging from 1-24 hours. 

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω6/The Gardener

**Status:** Contained

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω6 is a female humanoid entity with characteristics of flora endemic to SCP-9225. The entity is mostly passive, but will become aggressive when injured or when plant life is harmed near its presence. 

SCP-9225-Ω6's body has two appendages replaced by, or housing four different species of flora. The entity's left eye is entirely subsumed by a blooming I̅X̅-13 instance, while its hair is made up of a variety of different leaves. Its body is wrapped by stone vines with both I̅X̅-4 instances and regular plant life growing out of them. The entity's right arm is made of a hollow wooden bark, inside the bark, I̅X̅-2 instances and other fungi grow in abundance. SCP-9225-Ω6's left leg is made up of roots intertwined to form the shape of a leg, though each root can move independently of the others. Flowers and other floral growths grow sporadically across the entity's body.

The entity was discovered during an expedition to catalogue L.O.I.D2, at which point it was found tending to a greenhouse of various plant species, anomalous and non anomalous. Before containment could be established, one of the agents accidentally damaged some of the plants in the greenhouse, causing it to enter a rage state, manipulating the surrounding plant life to attack the agents. Containment was eventually established, but eight security personnel died in the resulting conflict.

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω7/The Cleric

**Status:** Contained

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω7 is a female humanoid entity with anomalous healing capabilities. It is non-hostile, and will attempt to heal any injured individuals within its vicinity, regardless of whether they are a part of SCP-9225 or otherwise. 

The anomaly wears a white and red tunic, with insectoid wings and long white hair. The tunic bears the I̅X̅-13 icon. SCP-9225-Ω7 also possesses a second set of arms alongside increased speed. Whenever the entity sees someone injured, it will begin to emit vocalizations similar to a soft tune, at which point the palms of their hands, as well as their hair, will begin glowing a soft red.

Through tests with D-class personnel, it's been demonstrated that SCP-9225-Ω7's healing abilities are powerful, being able to heal deep wounds and multiple different diseases. It is capable of reattaching severed limbs when focused entirely on the patient in some cases. However, if overexerted, the entity will enter a rest state for 1-7 days. SCP-9225-Ω7 is able to heal more than one person at a time, but the act will drain it much faster than regular. The limit of its powers do not extend to the regeneration of limbs or beyond. If unable to heal the patient, SCP-9225-Ω7 will cry for varying amounts of time, even while continuing to tend to other individuals.

 SCP-9225-Ω7 was discovered in SCP-9225-A's main medical ward following an incident where several expedition members were injured by an attacking force of I̅X̅-8 instances. The agents took refuge in the building, at which point SCP-9225-Ω7 approached them and readily healed their injuries. SCP-9225-Ω was able to be contained and removed from SCP-9225-A not long after the incident.

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω8/The Beast Keeper

**Status:** Uncontained, L.O.I.C2 under surveillance

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω8 is a male humanoid of Mediterranean descent. It is around 2.2 meters tall, muscular, and sporadically wears pieces of beryllium bronze armor such as a chestpiece, right arm piece, and the leg pieces. The right arm piece is marked with the I̅X̅-13 crest. It displays increased strength and durability, being able to destroy boulders with its bare fists. It has a well maintained beard and hair, and behaves in a confrontative manner, most of the time in combat with other anomalous organisms.

SCP-9225-Ω8's primary ability is being able to command several anomalous fauna to aid it in combat. The effect extends to all known animals within SCP-9225, with the exception of human or humanoid entities. SCP-9225-Ω8 is usually accompanied by a large, quadruped organism with a reinforced segmented shell and a large head with multiple eyes and sharpened tusks. Each of its legs has four large claws which can easily cut through stone. This organism is around 4 meters in size, and when not in combat, the creature can retract into the shell and rest for an indeterminate amount of time. 

The anomaly was discovered following an expedition into L.O.I.C2. When the assigned team encountered and were subsequently attacked by the entity and its allies, the agents were ordered to retreat. SCP-9225-Ω8 usually stays within the bounds of L.O.I.C2, but will occasionally venture out in order to fight other fauna not found in the area. It is under close monitoring.

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω9/The General

**Status:** Uncontained, under continuous monitoring

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω9 is an animate set of 2 meter tall beryllium bronze armor displaying human characteristics. It is theorized that I̅X̅-8 instances are variants of SCP-9225-Ω9, though this is unproven. SCP-9225-Ω9 is similar in appearance to I̅X̅-8, however, the coloration of the armor is more grey and red, with a I̅X̅-13 icon in the center. The armor worn by SCP-9225-Ω9 is also highly detailed and infused with thaumaturgic energy. This energy theoretically would allow SCP-9225-Ω9 to leap great distances, display feats of increased strength, and resist high amounts of damage. 

SCP-9225-Ω9 was discovered within a chamber inside of the mountain where SCP-9225-A is built upon. The agents, when tasked with exploring the tunnel systems of the military bases in the third layer, came across a large room where SCP-9225-Ω9 poured over plans of attack for already extinct civilizations. While attempts to remove SCP-9225-Ω9 from the base were suggested, its anomalous capabilities, as well as the many other anomalies in the path such as I̅X̅-7, I̅X̅-8, and the unidentified captured aviansUpon closer inspection by the deployed agents, the avians bear several features similar to those of the avians periodically seen flying within the storm circles spread across SCP-9225. It is theorized that they are the same creatures, but no confirmation has been announced., make retrieval significantly difficult.

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω10/The Portman

**Status:** Contained

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω10 is an anomalous humanoid entity displaying characteristics similar to I̅X̅-12 instances. SCP-9225-Ω10 wears a blue tunic with white coloring and coral growthsSpecies include the *madrepora oculata* and *paramuricea clavata* over its surface. The I̅X̅-13 icon is sewn into the right chest of the tunic. The entity's mouth has many sharp teeth, its eyes glow yellow, and the areas of skin not covered by the tunic are cloaked in scales of various colors. 

The entity displays increased strength, and the areas of its body covered in coral provide strong defense against attacks. SCP-9225-Ω10's tunic and body is perpetually wet, regardless of location. It wields a spear and is passive unless provoked, displaying a lax, but stern attitude. SCP-9225-Ω10 was discovered in L.O.I.A1 near the docks, patrolling the area and inspecting the stored naval vessels. It was contained after a squad of agents engaged the entity with shock ammunition, restraining it and placing the entity in a thermal containment cell.

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω11/The Collector

**Status:** Contained

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω11 is a humanoid/avian hybrid which behaves passively unless an item is removed from its "collection". The entity resembles a winged humanoid with talons instead of feet and multiple sets of eyes placed sporadically upon its head. Its body is covered in colored feathers and a grey silk tunic with wind iconography, though in the upper shoulder, the icon of I̅X̅-13 is sewn into the silk.

Besides possessing increased agility and movement with its flight, the entity is also able to generate controlled wind bursts which can be used as attacks or to form vortexes around items in order to manipulate them from a distance. SCP-9225-Ω11 has a curious and persistent demeanor, often finding interest in items not native to its time period or knowledge. It will then try to steal them for inspection and possibly add them to its collection of accumulated items.

SCP-9225-Ω11 was discovered in an area of one of the ziggurats in SCP-9225-A. The vault, as it was called, was a large room filled with anomalous items from both SCP-9225 and other ancient civilizations. The entity was able to be moved into containment after being lured with simple electronic devices.

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω12/The Politician

**Status:** Contained

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω12 is a humanoid entity which displays both deceptive and cooperative behavior. Its appearance is that of a male of Mediterranean descent in his mid to late 30s. The instance is covered by a white tunic with the I̅X̅-13 icon embroidered upon it. Sprouting from its back is a second humanoid bearing an identical appearance, but covered in shadow and an anguished expression on its face. The second instance does not have any legs and is entirely attached to the original entity.

Both entities are capable of limited vocalizations, with the shadow entity acting cooperatively and the other one deceptively. SCP-9225-Ω12 was discovered within a public square in the second layer of SCP-9225-A, and while agents were able to lead it away from the location, it made its pressence known to several I̅X̅-6 and I̅X̅-8 entities roaming the area. The entity momentarily escaped the agents' containment, but was found two days later and, with the shadow's encouragement, captured without further incident.

**Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω13/The Hermit

**Status:** Uncontained, under constant surveillance

**Description:** SCP-9225-Ω13 is an anomalous entity resembling a male of Mediterranean descent in his late 40s. It wears simple robes with the I̅X̅-13 icon alongside dust covered clothes. SCP-9225-Ω13 spends most of its time roaming SCP-9225 in random patterns. When it encounters something perceived as a danger, it will manifest a large beryllium bronze blade and engage with it until the threat has either fled or expired.

SCP-9225-Ω13 also has the ability to manipulate dust particles from the ground around it to form massive clouds of dust and debris, which it can manipulate. The entity usually uses these abilities to quickly hide from attackers, disorient them, or disable their movements. SCP-9225-Ω13 was discovered during Incident-9225-014, and after the deaths of the assigned agents, was left to wander SCP-9225 while constantly monitored.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Profiles/Emperor</summary>

> **Designation:** SCP-9225-Ω

> 

> **Status:** Contained, under surveillance

> 

> **Description:** SCP-9225-Ω is an anomalous entity currently residing within a hidden chamber beneath the palace of SCP-9225-A. The entity resembles a 2.1m Mediterranean male and shows no signs of decay despite the lack of life signs. SCP-9225-Ω wears a set of beryllium bronze armor with a variety thaumic runes etched across its surface. The armor is also designed with intricate patterns imitating I̅X̅-13 imagery. A more detailed version of the I̅X̅-13 icon is carved into both the front of the helmet and the center of the chestplate.

> 

> SCP-9225-Ω's body is partially fused into the bone throne it sits upon, which examination has demonstrated is identical in composition to I̅X̅-14. Though SCP-9225-Ω hasn't shown any activity since its discovery, analysis of its body reveals that it is constantly emitting large quantities of cognitive, antimemetic, and conceptual energy which disperses into SCP-9225. Based on these findings, it is theorized that SCP-9225-Ω is the source of SCP-9225's anomalous properties, though the validity of this is as of yet unverifiable.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Hidden Chamber/Texts</summary>

> So it is I stand against my enemy one last time. The bones of the Unseen lie before me, wretched things. I never thought I'd see them again. Yet, despite my disdain, it is necessary. I need to understand, understand the Unseen and the source of its power. For through its only through understanding that we may truly achieve our goals. 

> 

> 

> 

> Those ruins. Majestic. Horrifying. Alien. They reminded me of stories my parents, and their parents before them, and those that came several times before told. They told of a great war, a war of flesh and metal. A war so destructive, so horrifying, that it nearly rent the world apart. A war of empires that extended farther than even my reach does, with powers beyond what we thought possible. And now, they are stories. Forgotten except by those who survived, and those who passed on their memory. Their monuments nought but dust in the wind. I will not let the same happen to us.

> 

> From one of the ruins of flesh, my mages were able to retrieve a ritual. This ritual, when used on a creature, living or otherwise, allows the individual to peer deep into their nature. Memory is the only true form of immortality, and the Unseen manipulated this aspect for its own benefit. It may not have been immortal, but it was merely a beast, we are human. We learn, we adapt, we peer into the bounds of nature and take its power for ourselves. If we can harness the Unseen's power, then we need not worry about death any longer. My vision will endure. Humanity will be united, and together, we will rule as one. 

> 

> Seraphion, my old friend, joins me in this endeavor. I know he disapproves, but regardless, he stays by my side. Of course, his power could prove useful in this venture, but I'm glad I won't have to charge into the dark alone this time.

> = Woe to this kingdom of ruin,

> = This memory of a thousand memories,

> = Remembered by none,

> = Relic of those that once were.

> @@ @@

> = Woe to this kingdom of hubris,

> = And its fatuous monarch,

> = As in a bargain struck,

> = A callous truth took hold.

> @@ @@

> = Woe to this kingdom of deceit,

> = Misshapen, bent by certainty and falsity,

> = A patchwork of innumerable remembrances,

> = Fashioned from those who knew its infamy.

> @@ @@

> = Woe to this kingdom of what was,

> = Static construct of imitants,

> = Where life walks ceaseless,

> = And structures stand unbroken.

> @@ @@

> = Woe to this kingdom of Forgotten,

> = The giver of this cursed boon,

> = That which feeds on what is lost,

> = And builds a grave from what was taken.

> @@ @@

> = Woe to this sempiternal legacy,

> = This deathless stain upon existence,

> = For when all else is naught but gone,

> = This place will remain forever more.

> 

> ----

> 

> **Note:** Analysis of the carvings reveal that each letter was slowly carved over the course of several decades, with the most recent line finishing completion over one year prior to SCP-9225's discovery. The author of the text and the reason behind its extended creation time are as of yet unknown.

</details>

@@ @@

= **Addendum 9225.8:** Project Perpetua Proposal

 

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Show Document9225-Project Proposal</summary>

#### PROJECT PERPETUA PROPOSAL

---

**Purpose:** Discover a method of immortalizing the Foundation and its essential personnel so that the mission of Secure, Contain, and Protect, can be efficiently carried out for the foreseeable future. 

---

**Methodology:** Phase 1 of Project Perpetua will involve the analysis of SCP-9225's "immortality" effect through the use of Foundation Kant counters, Conceptual Energy Analyzers, and Antimemetic Field Disruptors. The same shall be done for all SCP-9225-Ω instances in order to understand the impacts of SCP-9225's effect on living entities. Countermeasures against the erasure of sentience and sapience, as well as the imposition of anomalous qualities and changes based on collective beliefs will also be developed.

Once research is complete, Phase 2 will consist of attempts at replicating the same effect with Foundation resources. Tests will consist of first applying SCP-9225's effects on objects and organisms not present within SCP-9225. Once the indestructibility and regenerative properties of these tests are verified, the following test will verify the consequences on D-class personnel. Once these tests are also confirmed successful, the last stage of Phase 2 will commence, which consists of attempting to apply SCP-9225's qualities on concepts and the resulting reactions of all elements falling under the category of said concept. All data will be recorded and stored in backup antimemetic resistant deepwells in case of residual antimemetic effects contaminating the tests.

Phase 3 will begin once all testing is found to be successful. At this point, a refined procedure for the implementation of SCP-9225's effects on the Foundation will be developed. Following approval, a list of personnel deemed essential for the continuation of the Foundation's mission shall be discussed, subsequently culminating in the full, irreversible execution of the procedure.

@@ @@

**O5 Council Vote Tally:**

|  | Yea | Nay | Abs. |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| O5-1 |  | X |  |
| O5-2 | X |  |  |
| O5-3 |  | X |  |
| O5-4 |  | X |  |
| O5-5 |  |  | X |
| O5-6 |  | X |  |
| O5-7 |  | X |  |
| O5-8 | X |  |  |
| O5-9 |  | X |  |
| O5-10 |  |  | X |
| O5-11 |  | X |  |
| O5-12 |  | X |  |
| O5-13 |  | X |  |
| Administrator | X |  |  |
**Result:** Vote overruled.

> [Begin Log]

> 

> *The sound of a door opening, followed by the adjustment of a heavy wooden chair.*

> 

> **O5-1:** The council is livid. You should've gone to the meeting.

> 

> *Someone sips from a glass drink.*

> 

> **Administrator:** And have them rip me to pieces? Funny. You're the only reasonable one in there.

> 

> *A moment of silence.*

> 

> **Administrator:**...and maybe Eight and Two.

> 

> *O5-1 lets out a small chuckle.*

> 

> **O5-1:** Seriously, why? You're not one to usually intervene on matters like this.

> 

> **Administrator:** To put it simply, I saw an opportunity too good to pass up.

> 

> **O5-1:** I wouldn't call it that. More of a mistake in my opinion. A giant warning sign in big neon letters screaming "This is what happens if you fuck around".

> 

> *The glass is placed down on a mahogany desk.*

> 

> **Administrator:** Times change, we aren't cavemen living in fear of the night anymore.

> 

> **O5-1:** No, we're slightly smarter cavemen who found greater darknesses to be afraid of instead.

> 

> **Administrator:** God, you're so pessimistic. And pedantic to boot.

> 

> **O5-1:** Kind of have to be in a job like this, you taught me so yourself.

> 

> *Silence for several seconds.*

> 

> **Administrator:** This project, it could change everything. Sure, it could use some tweaks here and there, but the idea is sound.

> 

> **O5-1:** It is also an idea built on top of the massive grave of the last ones who tried to pull it off.

> 

> **Administrator:** Humanity didn't become what it is today by shying away from danger. It saw the danger and figured out ways to neuterize it before it became lethal. Our society is built upon the failures of the unfortunate and the successes of those who improved upon their mistakes. We either dominate, or try again if there's enough of us left standing by the end.

> 

> *O5-1 stays silent.*

> 

> **Administrator:** We've advanced so much since then. We have new technologies, new research, entire societies built around the anomalous in a modern space. We can try again. Whatever they found at the source, we've either [ seen something similar before](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3125 ), or will find a new way to take care of it. 

> 

> **O5-1:** Well, what if it works?

> 

> **Administrator:** What?

> 

> **O5-1:** Let's say this works. Project Perpetua works and the Foundation becomes truly immortal. What do you think we'll become? You've seen firsthand the power of memories, how those fortunate enough to be remembered change, whether through infamy or grace. Are you willing to let our legacy decide our fate?

> 

> *Silence.*

> 

> **Administrator:** Legacy is malleable, like all things, it can be manipulated to fit whatever narrative we need it to be. So long as our mission to protect mankind remains, what we become does not matter.

> 

> *O5-1 stays silent.*

> 

> **Administrator:** History is bound to be repeated by those who forget. If we want everything we've done to matter, *really* matter, then we have to ensure our continued survival. Otherwise, I'll wonder if all our sacrifices were ever really worth it in a world that's bound to forget.

> 

> *Footsteps sound, followed by the sound of a door opening.*

> 

> **O5-1:** Semper transit gloria mundi.

> 

> *The door closes.*

> 

> [End Log]

</details>

<< [SCP-9224](SCP-9224) | SCP-9225 | [SCP-9226](SCP-9226) >>
