:where(:root) {

    --header-title: "Department of Realistics";

    --header-subtitle: "From First Principles";

    --sp_top-bar-link-color: #868166;

    --sp_top-bar-link-hover-color: #fbffcf;

    --sp_top-bar-link-hover-background: #fff7c7;

   --sp_dropdown-background: #fffbe6;

   --sp_dropdown-link-color: #868166;

   --sp_rate-module-background: #6b685c;

   --sp_rate-module-sub-color: #eeece7;

}

div#container-wrap {

    background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/theme%3Aclassic/classic_body_bg.png);

    background-repeat: repeat-x;

    background-size: auto;

}

body {

filter: sepia(0.2);

}

}

#login-status {

    color: #feffd4;

}

#page-title, h1 {

    color: #454428;

}

#interwiki .side-block, #side-bar .side-block {

    border: 1px solid #a7a591;

    box-shadow: 0 2px 6px #0000004a;

    background: #fffef6;

    border-radius: 0px;

}

#interwiki a, #side-bar a {

    color: #8b8a71;

}

#side-bar .menu-item img {

    filter: sepia(1);

}

@media (max-width: 767px) {

    #side-bar {

        background-color: rgb(0 0 0 / 10%);

    }

}

#interwiki .heading, #side-bar .heading {

    color: #404034;

}

.page-options-bottom a {

    color: #2d2d21;

}

input.text {

    background-color: #fffff7;

}

#header {

background-image: url("https://emilybox.wdfiles.com/local--files/a-delicious-plate-of-olives/Wallpaper.jpg");

}

#top-bar {

background-image: linear-gradient(to bottom, #fbfbfb 0%, #e2e0ca 100%);

}

:root {

    --script-color: #fffcf5;

    --script-border: #999;

    --font-color: #000;

}

.script {

font-size:1em;

font-family: Consolas, monospace;

}

@media only screen and (max-width: 600px) {

    .scp-image-block.block-right{

        float: none;

        margin: auto;

    }

}

**Item №:** 9963

**Object Categorization:** Prescriptive

**Containment Procedures:** adhering to the Tradition associated with the OBJECT is necessary during the Month of December. our SPRIG OF MISTLETOE should be attached to the Ceiling during that Time, and placed there as we put up our other Decorations. (see Figure 1)

if the [Department](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/a-delicious-plate-of-olives) fails to take down Decorations once the holiday Season has ended, the PLANT will spread. one Month is enough Time for IT to take root. burning is the agreed upon disposal Method.

**Description:** this File describes an irregular SPRIG of *VISCUM ALBUM*; or EUROPEAN MISTLETOE. folk Tradition associates the PLANT with Fertility and Protection, which stands at odds with the fact that IT is a Parasite. *VISCUM ALBUM* thrives in the infestation of host Trees, draining their Sap and Nutrients while contributing little. it is no wonder that the FRUITS of such a malicious PLANT are poisonous, causing Cell death when ingested, among other Symptoms. there is also a popular Custom where any Man underneath the MISTLETOE should expect a Kiss from a Woman he meets under IT. in some Versions of this Custom, each Kiss coincides with plucking a BERRY off of the hanging PLANT, to cease once IT is barren.

the Irregularity of this specific SPRIG concerns its FRUITS. rather than the conventional White Berries; IT instead produces plump and veiny LITTLE EYEBALLS. we can all feel the EYEBALLS watching us as we go about our Days in December, and it is quite off-putting, as it is apparent that THEY are judging us. Judgement is felt in two Ways:

the first, benign, is that all of the EYEBALLS follow us as we move. when Little is going on, THEY are scattershot, Attention spread somewhat evenly amongst all Persons in the room. it is off-putting, however, that THEY tend to suddenly pivot towards Anyone who makes a social Faux-pas, and will continue to watch Them for a long While.

the second, malignant, is that THEY seek Retribution against Those who pass under THEM improperly. this Sensation, while entirely psychological, is so oppressive as to stop one's Movement, and is felt as a heavy Weight that builds over Time. additionally, as THEY recognize crossing as a Faux-pas, the Stares of all the FRUITS will be on You. the Remedy for this Status is, of course, to receive a Kiss from a Member of the opposite Sex. if this does not occur, the PLANT will extend an APPENDAGE holding a LITTLE WHITE BERRY (see Figure 2) from within the SPRIG, which is always flush with EYES and never at Risk of being Barren, and insert it into Your mouth. You will be compelled to swallow. once this has occurred, the Attention of the PLANT will wander.

immediately following the Ingestion of a BERRY, it is encouraged to induce Oneself to vomit. this is best done out of EYESHOT of the PLANT, which will continue to layer Judgement if IT suspects You did not enjoy the BERRY. if You are not able to induce, Consequences may be irreversible. much like conventional *VISCUM ALBUM* FRUITS, the IRREGULAR SPRIG'S SPAWN are incredibly poisonous. furthermore, the EYES possess an acutely virulent Parasitism within the Human Body. following arrival in the Gut, the SEED will rapidly begin to take ROOT in the Flesh, expanding through the Organs, Musculature, and Flesh as IT fills the internal Cavity with STEMS, TWIGS, and LEAVES. in less than an hour, the PARASITE will reach the Eyes, which IT will crowd out with clusters of LITTLE WHITE BERRIES. the Host will inherit their SIGHT, entwining their Senses with THOSE of their PARASITE. as long as They continue to live, They will WATCH as the PLANT watches, and JUDGE as the plant JUDGES. IT will use their Body to bear its FRUIT. IT will give Them barest Subsistence in return.

<< [SCP-9962](SCP-9962) | SCP-9963 | [SCP-9964](SCP-9964) >>

> **Filename:** mistletoe.jpg

> **Name:** File:Crockery and glass journal (1875) (14763486984)

> **Author:** G. Whittemore & Co.

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Crockery_and_glass_journal_(1875)_(14763486984).jpg)

> **Filename:** albumfruit.jpg

> **Name:** Viscum album (s. str.) sl2

> **Author:** [Stefan Lefnaer](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Stefan.lefnaer)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Viscum_album_(s._str.)_sl2.jpg)

> **Note:** Image Edited by
