=====

=====

**SCP-9512:** Unsilent Death; or, Dukkhamaxxing

**Author:** 

[Here's my page!](whenwerewe)

**Item #:** 9512

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Ambassadors to SCP-9512 are to be selected from the pool of unrighteous subjectsUnselected subjects are to be crippled prior to death, in order to prevent their use by SCP-9512. Due to the high risk of defection, ambassadors are not empowered to negotiate on behalf of the Foundation, and are only trusted with information that pertains to the message they have been assigned. Once briefed, they are to be painlessly euthanised, and their remains consecrated at a holy shrine, with a polished bronze mirror placed by their ashes. After expiry, the ambassador is to navigate to SCP-9512 and communicate as instructed. The mirror’s surface will then cloud with frost in the shape of Devanagari characters, forming messages from SCP-9512, as agreed during the Balarama Accords.

As instructed by the Lord of VowsWhose aim to empty Hell has led him to take a personal interest in SCP-9512, the Foundation has been permitted to provisionally offer the lower officers of SCP-9512:

* A ten-year reprieve from Hell every millennium

* An amnesty for all sin accrued due to the actions of SCP-9512

In return, SCP-9512 must disband, and its leaders must submit to the judgement of the Ten Kings of Hell.

As a means of encouraging a peaceful settlement, the Lord of the PavilionLowest of the Ten Kings has instructed his devotees to increase raid frequency on SCP-9512.

**Update (2622 Era of Enlightenment):** On account of SCP-9512’s recent actions, Foundation resources have been mobilised at maternal wards globally. Disinformation has been spread regarding a spirit-enhanced variant of Zika virus in order to alleviate public awareness. Unensouled waste will be processed at maximum urgency.

Acknowledging the increased threat, the Lord of Vows has allowed the Foundation to offer the following concessions to regular SCP-9512 members:

* Full amnesty for all actions committed during the current *kalpa*

* Guaranteed exemption from consignment to Hell, regardless of accrued sin

Furthermore, any command staff within SCP-9512 who suborn the organisation have been conditionally promised direct admission to the Pure Land and the personal instruction of the Amitabha Buddha.

So that SCP-9512 do not believe the Celestial Realm cowed, and to increase the allure of surrender, Lord Yamaraja has been petitioned to personally descend into the fray. His response is pending.

**Description:** SCP-9512 are a group of transient souls on the path through reincarnation who have deviated from their course. They were slain *en masse*, at the Red SandIn 2609 of the Enlightened Era, as heretics of the *Mahayana* path, and were able to maintain their spiritual weapons and aurelic bodies upon death. Rather than surrender to celestial authority, they continued as a group, and seized control of the Iron Citadel within the Hell of ResurrectionThe first of the Eight Burning Hells.

Over the following ten years, many other errant souls have joined in their cause, and a wide swathe of the first Hell has been wrested from proper authority. In their realm, the law is broken frequently, and many sins are rife. There is no fear of *dukkha*, and wanton behaviour stains the soil. The martial efforts of the Lord of the Pavilion have been insufficient to displace them, or even to check their progress.

Hearing of these troubles, the Lord of Vows asked the Foundation to aid in negotiations, and to cut off their flow of recruits at the root. The current trimming of the unrighteous has prevented the continued strengthening of SCP-9512, but the existing host remains secure.

**Update (2622):** Incensed by the damage to their incoming footsoldiers, SCP-9512 have stormed the Gate of Earth, and seized control of spiritflow to the material world. They claim they will allow it to continue only once the Pure Land has been opened to all.

Two weeks have elapsed globally without a live birth.

= << [SCP-9511](SCP-9511) | SCP-9512 | [SCP-9513](SCP-9513) >>
