**Item #:** SCP-9107

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** All witnesses are currently held in solitary confinement. They are to be given psychological evaluations once weekly.

**Description:** SCP-9107 was a presence that manifested in the Site-19 break room at 12:30 AM local time on 7/26/2008 and demanifested five minutes later. At the time, four individuals were in the room; they have provided conflicting and contradictory accounts regarding the precise nature of SCP-9107. A list of details corroborated by at least two individuals is provided below:

* It was not tangible.

* It was not illusory.

* It could be seen and heard.

* It could not be smelled, tasted, or touched.

* It was male.

* It was female.

* It was genderless.

* The Foundation would not be able to contain it.

* It is benevolent.

* It was accompanied by music.

* It spoke.

* It had a discernible shape.

* Its discernible shape was not its true shape.

* It was neither alive nor dead.

* It was not any sort of undead entity.

* It was a spirit.

* It has manifested before.

* It will do so again.

Of note is that the Site-19 break room is monitored by 24/7 CCTV surveillance. No member of security personnel who was on duty at the time made any attempt to investigate the situation or report it to their superiors, even though all confirmed that they witnessed the anomaly in subsequent interrogations. No explanation for this deviation from procedure has been given. SCP-9107 was only discovered after psychological abnormalities were noted in the four personnel who witnessed it in-person, who also all neglected to report the incident.

Since witnessing SCP-9107, all four personnel have displayed apathy towards their Foundation duties, significantly more carefree and joyful dispositions (which have persisted after multiple months in solitary confinement), and a lack of interest in socializing with individuals other than each other. All have attributed this change to a shift in understanding prompted by SCP-9107; none have been able to elaborate on the nature of this shift.

A still image of SCP-9107 has been taken from CCTV footage of the incident and is available below.

<details>
<summary>+ Open.</summary>

</details>

<< [SCP-9106](SCP-9106) | SCP-9107 | [SCP-9108](SCP-9108) >>

> **Filename:** blank.png

> **Name:** default.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [/scp-3930 SCP Foundation Wiki]
