**Item #:** SCP-9812

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9812 is housed in a keypad locked storage locker at Site-22. Given the specifics of its cognito-hazardous properties, all personnel assigned to research the item must be confirmed to have never been Christian or one which is within proximity of it. Subjects holding Christian-related faiths such as Hermeticism, Free Masonry, and Islam appear to inconsistently trigger SCP-9812's effects.  Anyone seeking access to it or related documentation must first be of Level 2 Security Clearance or higher and be willing to submit to questioning regarding current and previous religious beliefs.

Disciplinary action has been deemed unnecessary in the event personnel are dishonest during this questioning.

**Description:** SCP-9812 is a human ear attached to a section of grey-painted of drywall. Its skin is similar in coloration to tarnished brass with notable spotting on the lobes and near the base. The lobes are droopy and larger than average, implying advanced age. It continually produces a light which passively varies between 180-200 lumens in intensity. Medical examination has determined it is continuously circulating blood. As all biological structures terminate on the point of contact with the drywall it is unknown from where this blood is supplied or how.

Subjects who are either currently or formerly Christian that see SCP-9812 will express psychological and physiological responses consistent with extreme guilt over one or more past crimes or actions they view as misdeeds. These feelings will worsen over time with the subject being made to continually recall the events. The topic will develop into obsession. The dreams, waking thoughts, and actions of the affected subject will be consumed by contemplations upon these events and self hatred which it causes, alongside a desire to return to SCP-9812.

Basic amnestics have proven to be sufficient in treating SCP-9812 exposure. Aside from this, the only cure is for the subject to be allowed to speak into SCP-9812 whereafter all anomalous influence will cease.

**Discovery:** SCP-9812 was discovered following the murder of one Harold Montgomery in Dry Prong, Louisiana, United States.

Foundation agents embedded into state police were made aware of the case after three officers declined to participate in the investigation citing possible conflicts of interest given previous issues had with Mr. Montgomery. Follow-up questioning of individuals around the area determined that 76.9% of subjects had reported issues with Mr. Montgomery. This would later be determined to be unrelated to SCP-9812, as Mr. Montgomery was murdered after being revealed to have misappropriated church funds for the purchase of various amphetamines.

At this time, SCP-9812 was located in the men's bathroom of the Dry Prong Assembly of God Church. Questioning of civilians revealed they were aware of the object but had not considered it out of the ordinary. SCP-9812 and the section of drywall it was attached to were recovered without incident and witnesses were amnesticized before being placed on minimum surveillance.

**Test Logs:** To study the effects of SCP-9812 a dozen D-class subjects and one Foundation junior researcher, Jezebelle Portmeyer, were selected to be test subjects.

Of the D-class, six of the selected were charged with misdemeanors, four with felonies, and the last two with first-degree murder and ████ respectively. To avoid reactions potentially unrelated to the item's anomalous effects, subjects were led to believe ahead of time that it was a mundane art piece.

Jezebelle was chosen to be the control case given generally reported good moral standing from co-workers.

> **Designation:** S-9812-00 Jezebelle Portmeyer 

> 

> **Observations:** Subject was exposed to SCP-9812 to a noted slight discomfort. Over the following days subject reported symptoms including minor stomach pains, heightened adrenaline, and somberness. Reported effects of SCP-9812 to have highlighted multiple arguments had with brother when he was still alive. After two weeks of insignificant progression, subject was ordered to speak into SCP-9812.

> **Designation:** S-9812-02 Subject was serving eight months jail time for a second offense DUI charge. 

> 

> **Observations:** Subject was exposed to SCP-9812 to a noted slight discomfort. Over following days would report insomnia and a lack of hunger. Reportedly was made to think of multiple times he had slapped his daughter and been too inebriated to attend her school events. By day four requested to be brought back to SCP-9812. Request was granted.

> 

> **Notes:** Following amnesticization and release from Foundation custody has been observed to have majorly reduced alcohol intake likely due to SCP-9812 exposure.

> **Designation:** S-9812-05 Subject was serving two years jail time for misdemeanor marijuana possession and two counts of graffiti. 

> 

> **Observations:** Subject noted to have been immediately alarmed upon exposure to SCP-9812. After two days expressed a developing sense of paranoia with the feeling they were being observed throughout times they were alone. Initially refused to share actions brought to mind by the object's effects. After nine days requested to be returned to SCP-9812. Request was denied. The day after, the subject confessed to a previously undisclosed incident wherein they had robbed a young woman at knife point.

> 

> Request to be returned to SCP-9812 granted thereafter. Was notably relieved following re-exposure and expressed a desire to apologize to the woman he had robbed.

> 

> **Notes:** Subject was documented getting into arguments with other D-class at a higher rate following this test. Majority were minor in nature and did not have the subject as the aggressor.

> 

> As the resultant dreams and psychological responses cannot be observed directly, physiological responses and changes to SCP-9812 may yield the most clear results going forward. Additional sensors for its containment chamber and the holding cells of test subjects will be implemented.

> **Designation:** S-9812-08 Subject was serving ten years prison time for three counts of aggravated identity theft. 

> 

> **Observations:** Subject was exposed to SCP-9812 to moderate discomfort and a sense of immediate shame. SCP-9812 was observed varying in brightness by an additional 80-140 lumens for 30 seconds. Subject expressed a lack of hunger and minor chest pain that would worsen over the course of five days into a sharp and constant stabbing sensation. Overtime expressed a sense of being observed for most hours of the day.

> 

> SCP-9812 was determined to have highlighted a homosexual relationship subject had engaged in during grade school. After 15 days subject requested to be returned to SCP-9812. Request was granted.

> 

> **Notes:** SCP-9812's "sense" of morality appears to be based on factors both personal to each subject and objective regarding harm done unto others. Given that at least two other subjects were homosexual and SCP-9812 did not highlight this, it is consensus that this case resulted from the subject's own homophobia, which was observed prior to the experiment. Notably, such beliefs have also diminished in severity following exposure.

> **Designation:** S-9812-10 Subject was serving 25 years prison time for one count attempted murder and one count of making terroristic threats along with some assault charges. 

> 

> **Observations:** Subject was exposed to SCP-9812 to immediate minor discomfort. Within two days requested to be returned to SCP-9812. Request was denied. Subject would develop insomnia over the two weeks following exposure. What sleep was achieved was commonly accompanied by nightmares relating to previous crimes for which they were incarcerated. Repeated requests to be returned SCP-9812 were made but denied.

> 

> After 17 days subject began refusing to leave their holding cell, citing that they felt unsafe around personnel and other D-class. Subject requested to receive a Bible. Request was granted. Symptoms were noted to abate for a duration of three days.

>

> On day 23, one of the research staff allowed the subject to return to SCP-9812 without permission from the Head Researcher. Subject expressed immediate relief. When the researcher responsible was questioned for their actions they responded that the experiment felt "increasingly cruel." They were summarily demoted.

> 

> **Notes:** Subject has since begun to re-convert into Christianity and expressed lasting regret for actions that led to incarceration. Other D-class have expressed disinterest in conversations with subject citing various reasons.

> 

> SCP-9812's effects seem to vary depending on the level of regret a subject feels for their actions prior to exposure. Subjects who are more readily willing to admit to wrongdoing receive less severe effects and progress at a slower rate than others.

> **Designation:** S-9812-12 Subject moved to Foundation custody from death row where they had been placed on two charges of ████ and one charge of elder abuse. 

> 

> **Observations:** SCP-9812 increased in brightness by 1500% upon being observed by subject; temporarily blinding them. Subject expressed distress and requested to be removed from the object's vicinity. Subject expressed feeling a looming sense of dread over the following days. Dreams consisted entirely of a pair of golden pupiled eyes staring at the subject for the full duration. On one occasion they were detected muttering "Romans 12:19" in their sleep.

> 

> Test ended prematurely; see notes.

> 

> **Notes:** Subject was stabbed to death by another D-class in the communal bathroom nine days subsequent to exposure. Investigation determined that the stabbing was the result of a dispute over lunch items having been traded in the past for which S-9812-12 never provided adequate compensation. Five other D-class subjects were present for the stabbing, all of whom were found to be supportive of the action due to various, unrelated issues had with S-9812-12.

<< [SCP-9811](SCP-9811) | SCP-9812 | [SCP-9813](SCP-9813) >>
