body {

    font-family: Verdana, sans-serif; font-size: 0.85rem;

}

=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-9560

**Object Class:** Contained

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9560 is immobile, and does not require amenities as it does not consume food nor produce waste. It is held in the laboratory wing of Site-19, without a standard container, under the purview of Dr. [Wrenley](scp-8402 ) [Wisp](scp-9224 ). An electroencephalogram (EEG) machine is attached to SCP-9560 to ensure 24/7 brain activity monitoring.

 

**Description:** SCP-9560 is a biomechanical entity outwardly resembling a simulacrum of a bovine's udders. SCP-9560 is made up of a rectangular base constructed from perforated steel tubes, surrounding a grey iron cast of a stylized depiction of 4 bovine mammary glands. 4 small holes are present on each udder. The cast is double bolted to the base at each corner, and has an opening to its interior on its top side. The entire structure is 1 meter tall, 1 meter long, and 1 meter wide.

Within the cast is the fermented brain of a female dairy cow. It is suspended above the bottom of SCP-9560 by 6 poles, which extend out of the inner-walls of the cast, impaling through the brain, before connecting to the opposite side of the inner-walls upon exit.

Despite this, SCP-9560 continues to demonstrate detectable brain activity, and does not appear to be distressed by its current form. During daylight hours, the brain inside SCP-9560 visibly undulates and bulges, though how this is achieved is unknown. Similarly, despite being made from grey iron, the cast around it also undulates and bulges. Beginning at sundown, SCP-9560's brain activity indicates it is sleeping; undulation grows less intense during this time, though it never ceases.

Continued brain scans indicate that SCP-9560 primarily experiences lethargy, and it does not dream.

**Appendix:** During an impromptu experiment, Dr. Wisp interacted with SCP-9560 in a manner that initiated an unforeseen response. This event is recorded below.

*Dr. Wisp is putting on vinyl gloves. She periodically looks from up her hands and towards her recording device.*

**Dr. Wisp:** I'm curious about the item's response to tactile stimulation. In the past, I've authorized experimental procedures that involved various forms of psychotherapy, but none of these techniques are useful when dealing with a non-sapient lifeform. As such, I'm currently testing its response to extended, purposeful, physical touch.

*Dr. Wisp steps back, revealing SCP-9560, and the EEG machine beside it, behind her. SCP-9560's cast is visibly throbbing. While the brain inside is not fully visible from the angle of the recording device, it can be seen expanding and shrinking in slow bursts.*

*Dr. Wisp turns around and bends over, smiling down into the hole at the top of its cast.*

**Dr. Wisp:** Hi, sweetheart. Are you holding up okay?

*SCP-9560 does not visibly react. Dr. Wisp nods.*

**Dr. Wisp:** Just hold still for me now, okay? Good, good...

*Dr. Wisp inserts her hands into the hole, and lightly scrapes the back of the tips of her fingers against SCP-9560's brain. It shudders, bulging rapidly. The EEG begins beeping. Dr. Wisp looks towards the machine's data output screen.*

**Dr. Wisp:** Oh! You're ticklish, huh?

*She shifts her hands, placing her palms against the brain. She scratches at it through her gloves. It undulates more intensely.*

**Dr. Wisp:** Yes, you are. There we go, sugar. Now, how does this feel?

*Dr. Wisp removes her hands from the inside of the cast, and then places her hands on the outside of the cast, moving up from the base and down towards the "udders." The cast throbs and heaves, expanding wider and more rapidly than ever recorded.*

**Dr. Wisp:** Aha! Wow, look at you go!

*Dr. Wisp continues to scratch SCP-9560, wiggling her fingers up and down its sides. It throbs and deforms more intensely. The beeping of the EEG machine increases in speed and volume in sync. As time goes on, it becomes a single continuous tone, before gradually slowing down. At the same time, the cast almost fully retracts inside of itself, before heaving and elongating, as if extra weight were placed inside it. Dr. Wisp looks towards the screen.*

**Dr. Wisp:** Oh, poor baby. I got a bit carried away, huh?

*She smiles, and removes her hands from SCP-9560. The cast slacks, then resumes its original position. It throbs slowly and rhythmically.*

*Dr. Wisp straightens herself, then turns towards the recording device. After removing her gloves, she reaches towards the device.*

The data taken from the EEG during this time indicates SCP-9560 was experiencing a heightened sense of excitement, possibly analogous to happiness, before quickly becoming exhausted.

While Dr. Wisp finds it unnecessary to amend the Special Containment Procedures in light of this development, she strongly recommends personnel interact with SCP-9560 in this manner to improve its morale, as other methods have failed to do so.

<< [SCP-9559](SCP-9559) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9561](SCP-9561) >>
