**Item #:** 9823

**Object Class:** Ticonderoga

**Special Containment Procedures:**  Personnel conducting research into thaumaturgy should take care not to interfere with SCP-9823, as there is a chance of a, though generally harmless, counterreaction. As of 2026-06-05 any form of further containment has been deemed impossible and simultaneously unnecessary since SCP-9823 does not present any apparent threat to normalcy.

**Description:** SCP-9823 is an artificial law that was embedded into the universe in 1908.

Its main effect is preventing the enactment of spells utilizing axiomatic magic systems, a very specific and now defunct (due to SCP-9823) but formerly potent form of reality-manipulation.

SCP-9823 has associated side-effects: If an attempt is made to attack its foundation in reality, SCP-9823 will, after a varying amount of time, adapt such that the method of attack will no longer have any effect on it. This may also cause (1) the, if anomalous, method that was used to attack it being generally suppressed by SCP-9823's anti-anomalous properties, (2) the individual that attemped the attack temporarily Between two (2) and twenty-two (22) hours.  losing their proficiency in all related areas of study, or (3) the hallucination of various figures (designated SCP-9823-1).

**SCP-9823-1:** A total of fifteen (15) different individuals with individually consistent characteristics have been described by foundation personnel experiencing the above side-effect (3). So far all attempts to detect an instance of SCP-9823-1 outside of individual perception have been unsuccesful.

The only similarity between the different instances of SCP-9823-1 is that they try to convince the respective personnel to align with their morals and ideals, which consistently include "equality of all", "knowledge shared among everyone", and "a safe world". Regardless of whether the involved personnel agrees or disagrees with these ideals, the instance of SCP-9823-1 disappears after 3-12 minutes and no further side effects are observed.

**Document #9823-1** Also Document 145.L-3BY7A under Site 145 library protocol. 

The document has been in a Site 145 storage facility since 1953. It is a letter concerning SCP-9823, presumably authored by a former member of the organisation "Abendländische Gesellschaft für Okkulte Wissenschaften" ("Occidental Society for Occult Sciences"), which was active in the late 19th and early 20th century in mainland europe and parts of africa. Beyond this document, IRG ᛊ-5 Independent Research Group Sowilo 5.  has been unable to locate any other information about this organisation beyond mostly surface-level references in intelligence reports Refer to Research File 145-ᛊ-43.a . Additional follow up has not been conducted, and has been deemed low-priority.

The original document is unable to be recorded photographically; refer to Site 145 library protocol if you require access (Clearance Level 3 or Level 2-ᛊ required). It has been translated to english from the original german, and annotations are provided in footnotes.

<details>
<summary>+ Show Document</summary>

From: Maria Klara Theresia von der Lilie  No information beyond her involvement with the society & members of the society were able to be found. 

Berlin

November 10th 1908

To: My Dearest Sister Hanna Claudia Schmitt  Became known as a ███████ in the 19██s under the name █████ ████, refer to Research File 145-ᛊ-43.c 

█████-██████-University, █████████

How are you, dear sister?

I want to put first, that I am unable to meet you face-to-face. Not for my own choice, but still I am sorry. 

I have defected, and I am proud of that decision. In this letter, I want to explain my reasons, for hope of convincing you to join this new cause.

When I got notified of that fateful spell Presumed SCP-9823. , I was taken aback. For years prior I had been growing more and more afraid of the possibilities of magic. Though I, too, was enthusiastic at first, with every new advancement I became more and more aware of how easy it would be for a lone bad actor to cause untold damages and deaths if they were able to obtain the necessary knowledge. But I focussed on what was in front of me. Always a fire to quell. And then, it was suddenly all over.

After collecting myself, I was glad. I had been shown the terrible possibilities of axiomatic magic, a spell that spanned the whole world and changed its most fundamental laws, and that was, if not sentient, then at least able to adapt to outside threats on its own. But that terrible power was used to put an end to all of this. By a few brave and brilliant souls, who gave their lives to accomplish it. Though I had never met them, their idea of freedom from the dangers of this magic took hold of me just as fast as I had been enthralled by its wonders for the first time all those years ago. I still had other weapons, and I had control of half of our units. So I sent them all to their deaths. And I took the life of my one and only, my love Possibly referring to Claudia von der Lilie, a low ranking german noble who disappeared in late 1908. . With that, I was content. Those actions I took were terrible, I am aware, such excessive loss of life. But it extinguished the remaining spark that threatened to destroy the spell that ended all spells, which might have grown into another, much more dangerous, magical revolution.

And so I beg you to see. To see that a world like this, where all the people are equal, is a much better world than one where a select group of elites holds all the power and knowledge, keeping the masses in ignorance, and steering the world toward what they perceive as the best possible future, without consulting anyone else. That was us. I beg you to give up your efforts. Consider that there are other things you might find fulfilling. With which you can still help other people, but with much less of a risk of destroying the world. Physics and chemistry would suit you, I believe.

Goodbye, one final time.

Your sister, Maria

</details>
