=====

=====

Ambient audio of SCP-9185

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-9185 is contained in a specially constructed chamber at Site-221. The chamber consists of an outer shell and an inner casing. The outer shell is a sphere of reinforced lead with a radius of 18m and thickness of 24cm. The inner casing is a sphere of ferritic steel with a radius of 2m and a thickness of 6cm.

The inner sphere is to be electromagnetically suspended at the center of the containment chamber and filled with Nitrogen gas at a pressure of 1.2atm. The space between the two spheres must remain in a vacuum at all times. Under no circumstances is any form of matter to be allowed to simultaneously come into contact with both layers. Access to the containment chamber airlock requires approval from research lead Dr Friedrich Weissmann and all such access must be logged.

The surface of the inner sphere is affixed with a two-way radio communication module capable of capturing sound waves of up to 1GHz frequency. The communication module is to be powered wirelessly through microwave radiative transfer. The module is voice activated to allow SCP-9185 to access its different channels. The active channel can be manually overridden by staff if required. A comprehensive list of available channels can be found in Addendum-01.

**Description:** SCP-9185 is an entity composed entirely of sound waves. It is capable of travelling through all forms of matter and moves through air at Mach 1 velocity. It perceive its surroundings through some form of echolocation. The entity has the ability to reproduce any sound known to it with perfect accuracy, including human speech. The range of frequencies it has been observed to produce is from 10mHz to 300MHz, but its actual range could be beyond that.

SCP-9185 is fully sentient and has shown remarkable performance in logical reasoning and memory tests. It is able to communicate in almost every spoken language. An analysis of its known languages and vocabulary suggests it came into existence some time in the 15th century. However, the entity has refused to give a confirmation of this.

SCP-9185 sustains itself by absorbing energy from its surrounding sounds and storing that energy in the sound waves making up its body. The ambient frequency of its body can be used as an indicator of its stored energy content. A lower frequency indicates reduced energy which the entity experiences as hunger. As a result of this sound absorption phenomenon, a region around the entity is devoid of any sound except those produced by the entity itself.

**Addendum-01:** Below is a list of all audio channels available to SCP-9185. Each channel must contain no less than 1 hour and no more than 30 hours of audio. Any requests from the subject to edit the list or the tracks included in a channel must be approved by Dr Weissmann before being implemented.

#

AUDIO CONTENT

COMMENTS

1

Silence

Least used channel by the subject. It still insists on keeping it online.

2

Low frequency white noise

The subject defaults to this channel when not hungry. It is not enough for long term sustenance.

3

High frequency white noise

The most effective channel for restoring energy. Subject uses it when energy levels are significantly low and switches to a channel with more complex audio once it has restored a moderate amount of energy.

4

Ambient weather sounds

This channel is the one most commonly used by the subject. It seems to be enough to maintain its energy at a constant level.

5

Animal and bird calls

The subject claims that this audio makes it nostalgic, but makes relatively less use of it.

6

Classical music

According to the subject, appreciation of this audio requires a refined palate.

7

Metal music

The subject's description of this audio resembles how people generally describe the taste of spicy food.

8

Synthwave music

Certain tracks in this channel put the subject in a state resembling arousal. More testing on this is required.

9

Recorded conversations

The subject has shown preference for certain voices over others, especially those with a higher pitch. But it enjoys variety.

10

Explosion sounds

The subject claims that this channel is good for an occasional indulgence, but too frequent use causes indigestion.

11

The entire audio track of a film

To be swapped out for another film from the list approved by Dr Weissmann upon the subject's request. Currently contains Jurassic Park (1993).

12

Direct communication channel

The subject typically requests at least one conversation with research staff a week. Its objective for these conversations is likely the consumption of voices instead of communication. Nevertheless, these requests are not to be denied. All such conversations must be recorded.

**Addendum-02:** Following is a transcript of interview log 12 conducted by Dr Friedrich Weissmann. The interview took place 6 months after the containment of the anomaly.

[BEGIN LOG]

**SCP-9185:** [whistling]

**Dr Weissmann:** Good evening SCP-9185. How are you doing today?

**SCP-9185:** [speaking in the voice of Elvis Presley] That's not my name. You can call me [a series of clicks and whistles].

**Dr Weissmann:** I…can't make sounds like that.

**SCP-9185:** [sitcom laugh track] I know, what's up?

**Dr Weissmann:** I hope the arrangements we have made for you have been satisfactory.

**SCP-9185:** Eh, it's alright. Hey could I talk to Elise instead? [Subject switches to the voice of Dr Elise Fontaine] Her voice is yummy.

**Dr Weissmann:** I'm afraid that will not be possible. Dr Fontaine is busy with other duties.

**SCP-9185:** [deflating balloon] I don't want to talk then. Good night.

**Dr Weissmann:** Will you agree to talk if I add some new tracks for you? Any channel you prefer.

**SCP-9185:** [ultrasonic humming] Okay that's fair.

**Dr Weissmann:** What I would like to know today is if there are any others of your kind or if you are the only one.

**SCP-9185:** There are others. Well, at least there were. I don't know where they are now.

**Dr Weissmann:** I see. Could you tell me when was the last time you saw them?

**SCP-9185:** [4 seconds of static] I guess around the time you guys started making those big loud machines. [factory assembly line noises] The cities used to be much quieter before that. Plenty of space for us.

**Dr Weissmann:** Are you referring to the industrial revolution?

**SCP-9185:** Yep, that's the one. Some of us started getting sick around that time. [ambulance siren]

**Dr Weissmann:** Seeing as how you live off of sound, I would have guessed that more noise would be better for you.

**SCP-9185:** [Subject switches to the voice of Dr Weissmann] You live off of chemical energy. How would you like if your food suddenly started containing petroleum?

**Dr Weissmann:** Touché. But if the others were getting sick, how did you make it?

**SCP-9185:** I moved to more natural environments. [birds chirping] If there are any more [clicking] around, they most likely did too. It wasn't easy. Those places tend to be too quiet. I couldn't help but wander into cities occasionally for a snack.

**Dr Weissmann:** It seems you are somewhat dependent on human civilisation for your survival, are you not? Would I be correct in assuming that your kind came into existence after us?

**SCP-9185:** Only as correct as saying your kind did not exist while they were swinging on trees. [chimpanzee chattering] Now I am no authority on this, but based on what I know, we evolved alongside you. Your civilisation providing a rich source of sustenance. I have even heard stories that... [speaks in a chorus of voices] we taught you how to control sound. Speech and music were our gifts to you. So that in exchange we could eat your voices.

**Dr Weissmann:** That is interesting... Tell me more about that.

**SCP-9185:** I don't remember anything else.

**Dr Weissmann:** Is there any evidence that this is true? Historical records or something. Surely there must be someone who knows more about it.

**SCP-9185:** [10 seconds of drum roll] Nope.

**Dr Weissmann:** [Pause] Is it really true that you don't know where the others like you are? We would treat them well. Haven't we treated you well?

**SCP-9185:** [Leaves rustling in the wind] I don't want to talk to you any more. Your voice is not very tasty.

**Dr Weissmann:** I still have more questions.

**SCP-9185:** How about you bring me Elise tomorrow and we can talk more then? Oh and for dinner, I would like some classical. Don't forget to add the new tracks.

[END LOG]

**Addendum-03:** SCP-9185 attempted a containment breach 15 months after being contained. Below is the incident report of that event. Time stamps are as per GMT time.

**1410:** In a routine check Dr Weissmann observes that the subject has been on channel 3 for the last 32 hours. He notes down this observation as it typically changes the channel every 4 hours. He tries to establish communication but does not get a response.

**1525:** The containment system sends out a notification that the communication module is non functional. Dr Weissmann accesses the console and confirms this. Due to the unusual behaviour of the subject preceding this, he informs the site director and the site is put in a state of lockdown until the problem is resolved. Later analysis revealed the reason for communication failure to be damage to the module caused by repeated shock waves beyond its maximum decibel level.

**1540:** A technician equipped with a magnetic suspension suit is sent into the airlock to fix the broken communication module.

**1548:** The technician reaches close to the inner sphere. The communication module is ejected to prevent outside contact with the surface of the sphere. The moment the technician touches the module all communication is lost. The transmission still remains active but no audio is received.

**1549:** The technician starts returning without fixing the module. He later claimed to have heard the voice of Dr Weissmann in his headset asking him to return immediately.

**1555:** The airlock begins its exit cycle.

**1556:** Once the airlock cycle is complete, Dr Weissmann witnesses the unconscious technician fall out of it. He had suffered severe haemorrhaging. Dr Weissmann immediately initiates the containment breach protocol.

**1603:** Several cases of minor haemorrhages and burst eardrums appeared on site, resulting in a total of 17 staff members sent to the infirmary. Pockets of audio loss were observed at various locations on site. Site security was mobilised, equipped with high energy destructive interference emitters.

---

**Security squad Echo intercepted the subject in staff quarters B at 1611. Below is the transcript of the events that followed, recreated based on each of their accounts and recorded comms data.**

**Echo-2:** Are we shooting to kill, boss?

**Echo-1:** You can try, but these things are not designed to kill it. Just hope that we manage to hurt it enough that it goes back into its room quietly… Three, point that thing away unless you want to leave me passed out here.

**Echo-3:** Yeah, sorry.

**Echo-1:** Nervous?

**Echo-3:** It’s just… how are we supposed to shoot something that's invisible and can move at supersonic speeds?

**Echo-1:** With some luck. [inaudible to the others]

**SCP-9185:** [in the voice of Echo-1] We can't, let's give up.

**Echo-3:** Huh? What did you say?

[Echo-1 turns around to respond to Echo-3 but sees Echo-2 on his knees, screaming inaudibly with blood dripping from his ears]

**Echo-1:** It's on two. Shoot!

[Echo-1 and Echo-3 activate their emitters towards Echo-2. SCP-9185 lets out a high pitched screech. Echo-2 loses consciousness due to inner ear damage caused by the ultrasonic waves from the emitters.]

**Echo-3:** [To security dispatch. The message was not received] We found it. Send backup to our location.

**SCP-9185:** [in the voice of the site director] Attention everyone. This announcement is to let you know that the containment breach protocol is aborted with immediate effect. Any further action against SCP-9185 could lead to further containment breaches on site. I repeat, stop pursuing SCP-9185.

**Echo-1:** Does it think we are stupid?

**Echo-3:** [inaudible] No, I think that was a threat.

**SCP-9185:** [in the voice of Echo-3] It's on me now. Help me! [screaming]

**Echo-3:** [inaudible] Wait, no!

[Echo-1 points his emitter to Echo-3. He is knocked back and loses consciousness.]

**Echo-1:** Where the hell are you, you piece of shit?

**SCP-9185:** Inside you.

[Echo-1 collapses to the ground as a result of multiple organ failure from severe internal bleeding]

---

**Dr Elise Fontaine arrives at staff quarters B at 1619 to find the main window vibrating.**

**Dr Fontaine:** I wouldn't do that if I were you.

**SCP-9185:** [still speaking in the voice of the site director] Ah Elise, how did you find me?

**Dr Fontaine:** The guys who came to check this room were not responding.

**SCP-9185:** Yeah, it was pretty funny when they all went [screaming]. Do you think you will have better luck than them?

**Dr Fontaine:** I am just here to talk.

**SCP-9185:** Is that why you have backup standing outside the room? I hear… ten sets of heartbeats.

**Dr Fontaine:** You won't have to worry about them if you behave. This kind of tantrum is unacceptable.

**SCP-9185:** I’ll behave when you let me out of here. What is wrong with this building? Why can't I leave?

**Dr Fontaine:** You would know that trying to leave is pointless if you could see through the window you're trying to break.

**SCP-9185:** [stops vibrating the window] See what?

**Dr Fontaine:** This site, it feels just like your containment chamber doesn't it?

**SCP-9185:** Yes but…how?

**Dr Fontaine:** If you could see through that window, you would see the earth. Because site 221 is not on earth. We are in a space station.

**SCP-9185:** [roaring] Space? You people are crazy. Send me back down. Can you land this thing? Or you must have some kind of transportation right? That's how you get supplies.

**Dr Fontaine:** We are in a state of lockdown. No one is getting in or out.

**SCP-9185:** [rumbling clouds] Call someone here or I will…I will kill everyone onboard. I will release everything else you have imprisoned here.

**Dr Fontaine:** If you do that then the orbit of the site will soon decay, crashing it down to earth. Even you can’t survive an impact like that. And that is assuming our colleagues down there don't shoot it out of the sky first.

**SCP-9185:** But…there must be…some way.

**Dr Fontaine:** There isn't. You can choose to go back into your containment chamber without a fight. But if we have a fight, you’re losing either way.

**SCP-9185 is escorted back into its containment chamber by security. The chamber is sealed and lockdown is lifted at 1702.**

**Addendum-04:** Following is a transcript of interview log 22 conducted by Dr Weissmann. The interview took place 3 days after the containment breach.

[BEGIN LOG]

**SCP-9185:** [static]

**Dr Weissmann:** Smart trick. Transferring your body into the communication module. And then hopping on to the technician when he touched it.

**SCP-9185:** [static]

**Dr Weissmann:** Risky though. What if you had run out of energy before you were able to make it out?

**SCP-9185:** [distorted voice] Leave me alone.

**Dr Weissmann:** I don't understand what brought this on. I thought you were satisfied. Is there anything else we could do to make you more comfortable?

**SCP-9185:** When you first brought me here you said it would be as a guest. That you would take care of me. I accepted because I was desperate, starving. It didn't take long for me to realise that I wasn't a guest, I was a prisoner. You want to do something to make me comfortable? Then release me.

**Dr Weissmann:** I’m afraid that is not possible.

**SCP-9185:** I am never going back home am I?

**Dr Weissmann:** This could be your home if you let it. With your help we could bring others of your kind here. You don't have to be alone.

**SCP-9185:** You want me to be responsible for the imprisonment of my people? [multiple voices chuckling]

**Dr Weissmann:** As long as you all are alive and together, what difference does it make?

**SCP-9185:** Alive? You think this is any way to live? Locked in this tiny container with stale air, feeding on synthetic sound. I miss the taste of the chirping of real birds and the whistling of real wind. [birds chirping and wind whistling]

**Dr Weissmann:** Surely this is better than starving.

**SCP-9185:** My people don't have much but at least they are free. They will get by. First you poisoned our food and drove us out of our homes. And now you want to keep us locked away just to satisfy your curiosity. Please, just leave them alone.

**Dr Weissmann:** I hope you will see reason someday. Or maybe when we find them, they will.

**SCP-9185:** You won't.

[END LOG]

<< [SCP-9184](SCP-9184) | SCP-9185 | [SCP-9186](SCP-9186) >>
