=====

=====

**Item #:** 9272

**Object Class:** Hypatia

**Special Containment Procedures:** Humanoids will emerge in the vicinity of the Ft. Carson barracks, typically as extraneous personnel (occasionally civilian). They may be safely put to work until decay onset, at which point minimal palliative care is necessary. Liquefaction typically occurs within 24 hours.

Should civilians stumble across a transient entryway to SCP-9272, they are to be threatened with legal repercussions and warned not to access the space again. If multiple trips occur, perpetrators are to be detained or liquidated as necessary to prevent further ingress. Care must be taken not to reproduce the 9272-logic in containment. Objects that escape into SCP-9272 are to be assumed lost.

The permanent entrance, in the basement of outpost ALBION DEFILADE, is to be guarded by three armed personnel at all times. The effluent buildup therein also necessitates the presence of a janitorial team to keep it under control. Intact emergences are to be shot on sight, regardless of attempts at communication. Civilians who approach the site are to be warned off on account of toxicological cleanup.

Procedure around SCP-9272 exploration is not reliable. Use of hallucinogens or alcohol is forbidden unless explicitly directed by a superior officer. What can be said is that entrants into SCP-9272 should control themselves.

**To future readers**: Please understand this document has been written purposefully. Apparent omissions have been placed with intention. Do not file a new copy without seeking out the 9272 working group at Site Black. 

**Description:** Found in Colorado Springs post office in 1995, later requisitioned as ALBION DEFILADE. Entryway does not maintain stable configuration; initial discovery noted cordite residues and two spent .45 ACP shells in the area, alongside a carelessly folded postal worker's uniform. The threshold has taken forms including (but not limited to) a trapdoor, a chimney, a garden path, an airport terminal, and a dentist’s chair.

SCP-9272 is the space compressed beyond the aforementioned passageway. Its contents are inadvisable to describe, but it is known to have a volume of no less than eight cubic parsecs. The nature of the space is generally benign, so long as the entering personnel **do not panic**. Due to past exploratory error, SCP-9272 is populated, fortified, and wary of Program entry. The population may be assuaged with gifts, which must be 80% wrapping and ribbonry by volume. The choice of gift is not strictly relevant, though lengths of barbed wire have reportedly been met with positive reception. Long-term assuaging of local fears is hoped to lead to detente with SCP-9272 and more reliable containment facilities. Alternatively, a greater operating ground might be secured through spatial expansionSCP-9272 is locally but not globally metrizable, so “expansion” is a fraught concept..

In place of a briefing on its precise nature or contents, operatives in SCP-9272 are given the following primer:

> SCP-9272:

> * Contains lichen on stone,

> * Contains daffodil and carnation and hydrangea,

> * Contains fencing †,

> * Contains beratements †,

> * Contains metal detectors †,

> * Contains teeth,

> * Contains scalpels †,

> * Contains beauty,

> * Contains falling,

> * Contains †,

> * Has no (permanent human †) habitants,

> * Has no atomic elements (i.e. objects are infinitely divisible) †,

> * Has no fixed properties †,

> * Has quiet,

> * Has several spatially isolated regions †,

> * Has a purpose,

> * Has hidden parts,

> * Has maps †,

> * Is safe,

> * Is mutable,

> * Is subject to a nonarchimedean geometry †,

> * Is inhabited †,

> * Is waiting,

> * Is hurt.

> 

> Elements believed to be present due to exploratory error are marked by a †.

Equipped with this information, personnel may safely utilise SCP-9272. It has proven to be an excellent receptacle for nonsentient items of interest. The objects so far thus contained have been integrated into its ecosystem, and may only be recovered by an armed or inebriated party. 

What is within SCP-9272 will often attempt egress. These attempts are ineffectual, and most egressors will discorporate immediately when no longer held together by SCP-9272. This is the source of the pool of effluence at ALBION DEFILADE, composed of five parts undifferentiated human tissue, one part saliva, and one part liquid ether.

Corporate egressors are almost universally hostile, and are to be shot when sighted in the wider world. However, egressors at Ft. Carson are servile and diligent. The cause of this discrepancy is unknown.

SCP-9272 may be entered through portals other than those found at ALBION DEFILADE. These occur when the 9272-logici.e. the governing logic of SCP-9272. is reproduced in usual space. Since the 9272-logic is an aspect of SCP-9272, it is unsafe to describe. Involuntary ingress into SCP-9272 occurs most often while restrained; this has been a major obstacle to Program operations, especially in the immediate vicinity of ALBION DEFILADE, where the effect is strongest. The three key indicators of the 9272-logic are restraint while: (1) naked, (2) injured, or (3) guarded by a third party. Any form of restraint can induce an ingress in principle, but by far the most reliable trigger is full-body restraint to a reclining bench.

<< [SCP-9271](SCP-9271) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-9273](SCP-9273) >>
