**Special Containment Procedures**: SCP-9985 is to be stored in a locker at Storage Site-64. ~~All personnel wishing to use SCP-9985 for experimental use are to request permission from Dr. Pien.~~ Under no circumstances can SCP-9985 be used for ~~personal~~ any use. A copy of SCP-9985-2 is to be stored on a Foundation server. Possible links with the group of interest "Gamers against weed" are pending investigation.

**Description**: SCP-9985 is a ██████ brand desktop computer, with a preloaded operating system named "StallOS" (designated SCP-9985-1), a Debian-based Operating system. The OS functions as a standard Linux machine; opening the "Staller.sh" file (designated SCP-9985-2) will result in an input menu appearing with the text "Please enter your delay:". Upon entering an upcoming event, the specified event will inevitably be delayed by various means; attempts to run events on schedule result in personnel being late, airplanes crashing, [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-9985-2 appears to only work on StallOS, and delays vary in time. Attempts to decompile SCP-9985-2 are ongoing; progress is limited by complex encryption.

**Addendum [9985a] (Retrieval):** SCP-9985 was recovered by Agent ███████ during a containment breach involving SCP-████. SCP-████ was using SCP-9985 to delay its recapture. SCP-████ was detained before successfully entering a prompt into SCP-9985-2. Out of curiosity, Agent ███████ entered ‘█████ █████’s Concert,’ after which the concert was delayed due to weather. Origins remain unknown.

**Addendum [9985b]:** The query "Taking my pills" was typed into SCP-9985-2 by Dr. Pien, after which Dr. Pien proceeded to not take medication for his cardiac condition. Dr. Pien reported that he felt no adverse effects.

*Notes: Useful. - Dr. Pien*

**Addendum [9985g]:** The text "D-77478 dropping a ball" was typed into SCP-9985-2, after which Dr. Pien instructed D-77478 to drop the rubber ball on the table. D-77478 suddenly became irate, refused to follow orders, and attacked the security guard on standby, resulting in D-77478's death.

*Notes: Requesting access to SCP-9985 for testing. - Dr. Raker*

**Addendum [9985h]:** Dr. Raker, in an attempt to force an event to occur as scheduled, typed in "Dr. Raker will head to room 204". Dr. Raker proceeded to walk through the hallway; just before opening the door to room 204, Dr. Raker suddenly collapsed due to a stroke. Dr. Raker made a full recovery after four weeks.

*Notes:* This incident tells us that if an event is hard to be delayed, SCP-9985-2 will just disrupt them. Further testing to forcefully run events is prohibited.

*Notes (2): Seriously? Only one time and it's banned? Requesting repeat testing. - Dr. Raker*

*Notes (3): Denied. Next time it'll be a fucking heart attack, Tim. - Dr. Pien*

**Addendum [9985k]:** On 4/22/████, a new application named "WORM5C.sh" (designated SCP-9985-3) was added to SCP-9985-1 via unknown means, and cannot be edited or deleted in any way. Running the file shows text "WARNING - DONT LOOK AT DA IMAGES :)". Personnel are advised not to run the application.

*Notes: Requesting permission to test SCP-9985-3. - Dr. Wagner*

*Notes (2): Granted. Be careful. - Dr. Pien*

*Notes (3): Yeah yeah... - Dr. Wagner*

**Addendum [9985l] (Experiment Log 9985-3):** Three D-Class personnel with experience with Linux were instructed to run SCP-9985-3. The following is the terminal log.

<details>
<summary>Show Log 9985-3-001</summary>

**Subject:** D-56333

$ ./WORM5C.sh

-bash: ./WORM5C.sh: Permission denied

$ chmod +x WORM5C.sh

$ ./WORM5C.sh

WARNING - DONT LOOK AT DA IMAGES :)

Please select option:

1. Generate

2. IMG

3. Kill

4. About

> 1

Loading...

[img.png]

D-56333 collapsed dead 5 seconds after this output. The image was found to be a Berryman-Langford memetic kill agent.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Show Log 9985-3-002</summary>

**Subject:** D-56334

$ ./WORM5C.sh

WARNING - DONT LOOK AT DA IMAGES :)

Please select option:

1. Generate

2. IMG

3. Kill

4. About

> 2

Downloading whiteguy.jpg...

Converting to ASCII Art......

Done!

[DATA EXPUNGED]

The ASCII output was a text pattern of [SCP-096](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-096); the image was visible to all personnel overseeing the test at the time. 15 casualties, including Dr. Wagner. SCP-096 was successfully recontained by MTF Eta-10.

*Notes: Further testing with this option is prohibited for obvious reasons. - Dr. Pien*

</details>

<details>
<summary>Show Log 9985-3-003</summary>

**Subject**: D-56447

$ ./WORM5C.sh

WARNING - DONT LOOK AT DA IMAGES :)

Please select option:

1. Generate

2. IMG

3. Kill

4. About

> 4

Made By: dQw4w9WgXcQ

Location: Where you're not.

> 3

Running...

Done.

D-56447 suffered cardiac arrest 50 seconds after pressing enter. Further tests show that causes may vary.

</details>

*Notes: After testing, here are my results: Selecting 'Generate' will generate a memetic kill agent from the Berryman-Langford algorithm, selecting 'IMG' will presumably show a cognitohazardous image, selecting 'Kill' will just simply kill the user who pressed enter after 50 seconds. Sadly, I could not find the file source of 9985-3, due to SCP-9985 never being connected to the internet. I would try to decompile this program, but it's encrypted with the AES-256 method, and it would take trillions of years to decrypt. - Dr. Pien*

*Notes (2): I request this skip never to be used again, and to be upgraded to Euclid. - Dr. Raker*

*Notes (3): The first request is approved, but the containment class will not change. Object classes, contrary to belief, only measures the chance of containment breach.  - O5-█ 3/2/2033*

**Containment Class Update 01:** Disruption class upgraded to Vlam, and Risk class upgraded to Danger.

<< [SCP-9984](SCP-9984) | SCP-9985 | [SCP-9986](SCP-9986) >>
