html {

   -webkit-filter: grayscale(1); /* Older Webkit */

   -webkit-filter: grayscale(100%);

   -moz-filter: grayscale(100%);

   -ms-filter: grayscale(100%);

   -o-filter: grayscale(100%);

   filter: grayscale(100%);

   background-color: white;

}

And there's always the possibility

because I am human that I can make the wrong decisions.

I make the wrong iteration.

SCP-9596 - The Longest Distance Between Two Places

---

> ***[https:*www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0ZFft7NTuA Bags Theme - Petey USA]//**

[popsioak's author page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/popsioaks-garden)

Suggested Accompanied Listening ↑

**Item Number:** SCP-9596

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Simple surveillance systems are sufficient to ensure subjects are not injured. Amnestics to counteract cognitohazardous effects are not needed.

**Description:** SCP-9596 is a limestone cairn located in Dartmoor National Park in Devon, United Kingdom, dating back to roughly 200 B.C.E. It is perpetually in a state of partial collapse, and etchings on lower portions indicate this occurring for a prolonged, indeterminate period of time.

Knowledge of its nameIskol, written here with English equivalent letters instead of the hazardous form in Common Brythonic. induces a minor impulse to visit SCP-9596. Subjects have been shown to wait until travel would carry the least negative consequences -- for example, scheduling their next vacation to Devon County, or taking advantage of existing free time to make multiple repeated trips. Individuals who are unable to visit will not be affected.

Prior to visiting, subjects study masonry, tool-making, and other related skills. Upon reaching SCP-9596, learning continues until subjects are confident enough to attempt to repair SCP-9596 by selecting, carving and placing their own stone. No other behaviors are affected, and subjects follow typical, balanced daily routines.

The learning process takes up to six months in total, at a pace of roughly two to four hours a day, though this time may be accrued intermittently. Presence of multiple subjects accelerates this process, and has been found to improve retention of information and abilities. 

Invariably, subjects' additions to SCP-9596 will topple prior to completion in spite of subjects' best efforts. Cognitohazardous effects will cease, and gradually, subjects will stop attending to SCP-9596.

Acquired skills and inter-subject relationships will not be lost after departure, and have been found to positively affect subjects. They may return to SCP-9596 without any anomalous compulsion, and if so, will not attempt to carry out repairs. These visits have been described as bittersweet.

]

root: {

--wm-bg: 27, 27, 27;

--wm-border: /* Accepts an RGB value; determines the border color of the module (black by default) */;

--wm-accent: /* Accepts an RGB value; determines the accent color of the module (red by default) */;

}

> **Filename:** menhir.jpg

> **Name:**  Stone pile on Croglin Fell - geograph.org.uk - 502763

> **Author:** David Brown

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Stone_pile_on_Croglin_Fell_-_geograph.org.uk_-_502763.jpg)
