]

**Item #:** SCP-5771

###990000|**Level 2/5771**##

**Object Class:** Euclid

###990000|**Classified**##

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5771 is to be kept at Bio Site-95 in an airtight, stainless steel containment cell measuring 32m x 32m x 40m at all times. 

SCP-5771's containment cell is to be cleaned of spore build-up on a bi-weekly basis by assigned personnel equipped with full level-4 hazmat gear. 

The entrance to SCP-5771's containment is to consist of an airlock door system with an in-built fungicidal decontamination shower.  Personnel must use the decontamination shower before leaving the containment area in order to avoid spore spread. Failure to do this will result in immediate disciplinary action.

**Description:** SCP-5771 is an organic humanoid creature measuring approximately 30.48 meters in height, with a cephalic region resembling a mushroom of the *Amanita pantherina* species. The creature possesses a light brown convex cap with raised scales and free, white gills.

SCP-5771 has a body resembling that of a human skeleton. Tissue samples have determined that its structure is composed of its own stalk material and the thorax of the creature is composed of the ring of the fungus. The creature also does not appear to have any facial features, however it reacts to visual and auditory stimuli. The means in which SCP-5771 uses to see and hear is currently unknown. 

SCP-5771 constantly emits white spores. When these spores are inhaled, it results in spontaneous respiratory arrest. Death occurs within 3 minutes in most cases. 

When approached by a human, SCP-5771 will crouch down in front of them. This was originally believed to be a hostile stance, SCP-5771 attempting to get its spores closer to the subject in order to induce symptoms quicker. In reality, this stance is an attempt on SCP-5771's part to appear less threatening to humans by reducing its stature.  See Addendum 5771-D, Interview 5771-001. 

---

**Addendum 5771-A,  Discovery:** 

SCP-5771 was discovered by the Foundation on 22/02/2020 after being sighted at a National Park in south-eastern California. Any civilians present were immediately administered with class-A amnestics. The 18 discovered civillian victims were reported as suicides to their families and no autopsies took place on the bodies. 

---

**Addendum 5771-B, Test log:**

> 

> **Date:** 29/02/2020

> 

> **Test 5771-001:** A laboratory mouse contained in a standard barred rodent cage was placed in SCP-5771's containment cell in order to observe the effects of the spores on non-human creatures. 

> 

> **Results:** The mouse was unharmed. An interesting observation, however, is how interested in the animal SCP-5771 appeared to be, not moving its head away from the cage and seemingly watching it intently for the full 60 minutes.

---

> 

> **Date:** 15/04/2020

> 

> **Test 5771-002:** D-2304 was introduced to SCP-5771's containment to collect tissue for microscopic analysis. D-2304 was wearing level-2 hazmat gear.

> 

> **Results:** Due to the sheer amount of spores SCP-5771 produces, some of the saturated air managed to bypass D-2304's hazmat gear. D-2304 suffered respiratory arrest and expired exactly 3 minutes after exposure. 

> **Notice:** Following this test, all personnel entering SCP-5771's containment cell must be equipped with level-4 hazmat gear. - Site-95 Director 

---

**Addendum 5771-C, Test 003:**

<details>
<summary>CLICK HERE TO PROCEED</summary>

> 

> **Date:** 22/06/2020

> 

> **Test 5771-003:** Dr. Zaretsky has suggested using biodata sonification to observe whether or not microcurrent fluctuations occur in SCP-5771 as they do in non-anomalous living organisms. 

> 

> **Results:** The electrodes to SCP-5771's feet were successfully attached without difficulty. Once the biodata sonification device was turned on, almost immediately, microcurrent fluctuations were detected. 

> 

> However, alongside the expected noises that were produced, a deep pitched, slightly static voice was audible. This voice stated the following: *"Nature...is...friend... Nature...is...friend...why?..."*

</details>

---

**Addendum 5771-D, Interview Log:**

<details>
<summary>CLICK HERE TO PROCEED</summary>

> **Date:** 24/06/2020

> 

> **Interviewed:** [SCP-5771]

> 

> **Interviewer:** [Dr. Mabel Zaretsky, Senior Researcher and Mycologist at Site-95.]

> 

> **Foreword:** During this interview, Dr. Zaretsky will be in a level-4 hazmat suit. SCP-5771 has been attached to the biodata sonification device without incident. 

> 

> **<Begin Log, >** 

> 

> **Zaretsky:** *-Is it on? Sorry, I'm not used to this newer tape recorder... is it- oh, it's working. Good...*

> 

> Ahem. Hello, 5771, my name is Dr. Zaretsky and I will be conducting this interview today. Please can you indicate if you understand me?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...understanding...*

> 

> **Zaretsky:** Okay, perfect. Can you tell me where you came from?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...Nature...*

> 

> **Zaretsky:** um... I'm going to need specifics... you were discovered walking around a National Park, and you seemingly popped out of nowhere. 

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...Nature... is... friend... Nature... is... mother... grew... from... mother...* 

> 

> **Zaretsky:** Right... so you grew. But why? What we are trying to find out, 5771 is why a 100ft mushroom suddenly appeared and started walking around. 

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...Why... hurt... mother...?*

> 

> **Zaretsky:** S-sorry?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...Nature...is...friend... human...dislike... nature...?*

> 

> **Zaretsky:** I like nature. Why do you ask? 

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...Mother... is... sick...* 

> 

> **Zaretsky:** Are you referring to climate change?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *... mother... is... changing?... yes...mother... is... sick...why...hurt...mother...? Nature...love...human...*

> 

> **Zaretsky:** is that why you use your spores to harm humans?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...unintentional... love... human...* 

> 

> **Zaretsky:** Unintentional? Are you saying you don't control your own spores? 

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...correct... love... human...*

> 

> **Zaretsky:** Okay... but you just said we hurt nature.. or mother, whichever it is. Why would you love us if we-

> 

> [SCP-5771 talks over Zaretsky]

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...forgiveness... human...is...friend...*

> 

> **Zaretsky:** um... well yes, of course we're your... friends. we don't want to hurt you, 5771. In fact, one of our goals is to protect. 

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...protect...?... apologies... human... failed...*

> 

> **Zaretsky:** ... Are you aware of something we don’t know about?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...friend...please... protect... mother...*

> 

> **<End Log>** 

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Although SCP-5771's speech is very broken, from what we can decipher it is clear that it does not have malicious intentions as originally thought. I have submitted a request to authorize further interviews with SCP-5771. - Dr. Zaretsky  Request has been granted. - Site-95 Director 

---

> **Incident Log 5771-001:** Upon concluding the interview, SCP-5771 attempted to pick up Dr. Zaretsky. Zaretsky reacted to this with a shriek, which appeared to startle 5771, causing it to release its grip and drop her approximately 5m. 

> 

> 5771 did not attempt to do this again and Zaretsky was able to get into the decontamination shower room, where infirmary staff were able to safely retrieve her. 

> 

> Zaretsky was treated for a broken left wrist, fractures in her left ankle, left arm and left elbow and some other minor sprain injuries, but was otherwise okay. She is expected to be able to return to work within 6 weeks. 

> **Date:** 25/06/2020

> 

> **Interviewer:** [Dr. Danielle Baker, Researcher and Botanist at Site-95]

> 

> **Interviewed:** [SCP-5771] 

> 

> **Foreword:** SCP-5771 has sat in the same place in its containment cell since incident 5771-001 occurred. Dr. Baker has been equipped with a device that will emit a sudden noise if SCP-5771 gets within 1m of it.  After yesterday's events, this device was tested with SCP-5771 by D-3033 and proved to be very effective.

> 

> **<begin log>**

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** 5771, tell me in your own words what happened yesterday. 

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...human...where...friend...?*

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** In a hospital bed. And I'd like to know why. Now.

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...love... friend... held... friend... apologies...*

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** That's not an explanation, 5771! We want to know, why! Why would you do that to Mabel after talking about love and friends and all that bullshit for h-

> 

> [Baker is cut off by the supervisor in her ear piece.] 

> 

> **Supervisor:** Doctor, enough. It's an interview not an interrogation. 

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...unintentional...! apologies...! apologies... many... apologies...! friend... nature... loves...! Friend... forgives?*

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** [*sighs*] Lucky for you, Zaretsky’s more forgiving than I am. She was sat there in the damn bed asking if you were ok whilst they were fixing up her arm. She'll be back after she’s healed, I bet. So, you're saying this was an accident, correct?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...Correct... apologies... human...*

> 

>  **Dr. Baker:** Good. That’s all I needed. Any final comment before I leave?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *Human... protect... friend... please...*

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** ... I will. 

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-5771 has stated that incident 5771-001 was an accident and has apologised. As Zaretsky has also stated it seemed unintentional, and SCP-5771 did not attempt the same behaviour again, there is sufficient evidence that this is the case. No further action is needed on this matter. - Dr. Baker

---

> **Date:** 20/08/2020

> 

> **Interviewer:** [Dr. Zaretsky, Senior Researcher and Mycologist at Site-95] 

> 

> **Interviewed:** [SCP-5771]

> 

> **Foreword:** Dr. Zaretsky has recovered from incident 5771-001. After psychological evaluation and a physical assessment, she is now safe to continue research on SCP-5771. 

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...Friend...!* 

> 

> **Dr. Zaretsky:** Hi, 5771. Its been a while since our last-

> 

> [Zaretsky is cut off by 5771] 

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...friend...apologies... unintentional... hurt... friend...*

> 

> **Dr. Zaretsky:** You've already been forgiven, but... um... I really need to ask you these questions now, okay? (This suit isn't the most comfortable...)

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...Forgiven...yes...* 

> 

> **Dr. Zaretsky:** Thank you, now... last time, you spoke of "mother". What do you mean when you say that?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *... Mother... is... friend... Mother... is... water... air... land... Mother... is... nature... nature... is... Mother... Mother is... home...* 

> 

> **Dr. Zaretsky:** Okay, so that does mean Earth, then... and, how is "Mother" sick?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...Mother... is... coughing... burning... freezing... drowning... shaking...*

> 

> **Dr. Zaretsky:** And is that why you grew? Because of climate ch- "Mother" being sick?

> 

> **SCP-5771:** *...grew... to... tell... friends... "save... Mother"... many... humans... but... few... friends...*

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Not only is SCP-5771 capable of retaining long term memories, but seems to have a conscience and understanding of human emotions. SCP-5771 confirmed our suspicions that "Mother" or "Nature" is how it refers to Earth, and in turn, the sickness it describes is how it refers to climate change. No issues occurred this time when leaving the containment cell. - Dr. Zaretsky.

</details>

<< [SCP-5770](SCP-5770) | SCP-5771 | [SCP-5772](SCP-5772) >>

=====

> **Filename:** shroomy.png

> **Author:** [[Tuxyso](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Tuxyso)]

> **License:** CC-BY 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/55/Joshua_Tree_National_Park_2013.jpg

> **Filename:** skeleton2.jpg

> **Author:**  (Edits by )

> **License:** CC-BY 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0e/Skeleton2.jpg

=====
