**Item #:** SCP-5193

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-5193 has failed to materialize for a period of over one year, it has been declared Neutralized. As a result, no containment procedures are necessary.

<details>
<summary>+ Previous Containment Procedures</summary>

When it is Friday, Foundation agents disguised as tourists are to arrive at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C., before SCP-5193 materializes. When SCP-5193 materializes, the agents are to monitor the area for individuals who attempt to make any kind of contact with it until it dematerializes. Such individuals are to be detained and amnesticized, along with any individuals who witness SCP-5193's materialization or dematerialization.

</details>

**Description:** SCP-5193 was an anomalous entity that would manifest near the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C., every Friday at 5:00 p.m. SCP-5193 appeared to be James ██████, an American man who served in the United States Marine Corps from 1964 until his death in 1968. James was 25 years old at the time of his death.

Upon manifestation, SCP-5193 would walk along the Memorial Wall for a period of exactly one hour, at which point it would dematerialize. All attempts to make contact with SCP-5193 during this period were unsuccessful, as physical contact could not be made with it and it did not react to any attempts at conversation.

**Addendum:** Incident Report

On 26/10/2019, a man arrived at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial at 4:57 p.m., and immediately approached SCP-5193 when it manifested. Foundation agents began approaching the man to detain him, but decided to allow him to interact with SCP-5193 after it visibly reacted to his presence. A log of the resulting incident follows.

> **Begin Log**

> 

> *The man approaches SCP-5193. SCP-5193 stops walking and turns to face him.*

> 

> **Man:** Is it really you?

> 

> *SCP-5193 stares at him, but does not respond.*

> 

> **Man:** I'll take that as a yes. How have you been?

> 

> *SCP-5193 does not react.*

> 

> **Man:** As you can see, I've grown now. Got a job, started a family, got old. I wish you were there to see it.

> 

> *SCP-5193 lowers its head. The man does not say anything for approximately 30 seconds.*

> 

> **Man:** You know, I didn't even understand the concept of death when you were killed out there. Momma told me that you were so brave that they just had to keep you after the war. I didn't figure out what actually happened until years later.

> 

> *SCP-5193 does not react.*

> 

> **Man:** I felt your absence at every stage of my life. High school graduation, getting married, all that. Now that you're here, all of those moments, they don't matter.

> 

> *SCP-5193 looks up and takes a step toward the man.*

> 

> **Man:** It's funny, I've spent most of my life trying to think of what to say here, but I'm at a loss for words now that I'm actually talking to you. I guess all I really want to say is that I love you, and I wish I could say it more.

> 

> *SCP-5193 smiles. The two hug, and SCP-5193 dematerializes. Foundation agents move in to apprehend the man.*

> 

> **<End Log>**

The man was later identified as Robert ██████, the son of James ██████. When questioned, Robert claimed that he was at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial to pay his respects, and had no knowledge of SCP-5193 prior to its manifestation. Robert was unable to explain how he was able to make physical contact with SCP-5193, and failed to provide any other useful information. Since this incident, SCP-5193 has ceased manifestation, and it was declared Neutralized on 26/10/2020.

<< [SCP-5192](SCP-5192) | SCP-5193 | [SCP-5194](SCP-5194) >>
