div#header h1 a span {

    font-size: 0px;

}

div#header h1 a:before {

    content: "Site-120";

    color: #eee;

    

}

div#header h2 span {

    font-size:0px;

    padding: 4px;

}

div#header h2:after {

    content: "Fighting Fire With Fire";

    font-weight: bold;

    color: #f0f0c0;

    padding: 19px 0;

    text-shadow: 1px 1px 1px rgba(0, 0, 0, .8);

    white-space: pre;

}

#header {

  background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/inadvertent-neolinguistics/Ontotop.png)

}

.footnotes-footer {

display: none;

}

**[More by this author](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ralliston-s-authorpage)**

The following article is a part of the [And Every Time We Meet Again](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/and-every-time-we-meet-again-hub) storyline. Whilst you can read it on its own, it's highly recommended you read the previous installments to get this article in its fullest. 

**Image Sources:**

The Site-120 logo used in the header was created by  for the purpose of all articles regarding such. Please check out more of their absolutely stellar work [here](Desk of Junior Designer S. Yvonne).

> **Name of the file:** forest

> **Source:** [link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Forest_pic_06.jpg)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Author:** [Andrew Malone](https://www.flickr.com/photos/andrewmalone)

> **Name of the file:** hills1

> **Source:** The Site-42 Discord Server

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Author:** ✠ Space Bird ✠ from Site-42's Discord Server

> **Notes:** Image used [with permission](https://prnt.sc/xikztm) from the user.

> **Name of the file:** hills2

> **Source:** The Site-42 Discord Server

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Author:** ✠ Space Bird ✠ from Site-42's Discord Server

> **Notes:** Image used [with permission](https://prnt.sc/xikztm) from the user.

---

#### ****Special Containment Procedures****:

Operation High Court is currently ongoing. All resources of the Foundation's local facilities are to be focused on preventing as much damage to Eastern Poland as possible.

A search for the manuscripts containing the instructions required to properly carry SCP-5795 out is currently ongoing. Should they be found, they are to be transported to [Site-120](secure-facility-dossier-site-120)'s Deepwell.

If an SCP-5795-2 comes into contact with a Foundation terminal, Site-120 security is to engage the instance with live ammunition. 

#### ****Description****:

SCP-5795 is a complex thaumaturgic ritual which, when correctly executed, opens a gateway between baseline reality and another plane of existence, hereby referred to as SCP-5795-1, creating a seamless transition between the two dimensions. SCP-5795-1's interior consists entirely of a massive forest with a mountain near its center. No further irregularities from baseline reality were noted.

SCP-5795-2 are inhabitants of SCP-5795-1. They are indistinguishable from common Fae (*Homo sapiens sidhe*) with the exception of being able to inhabit written files in physical or digital format.

SCP-5795-1 currently encompasses the entirety of the Podlasian Voivodeship of Poland. Further information is Level 3/HIGH COURT Classified.

---

## **[END OF FILE]**

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

= {{>log-in}}

{{**login:** ##c90000|@@j.rivera@site-120.int@@##}}

{{**password:** * * * * * * * * * *}}

| login |
| --- |
@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= **VERIFYING CLEARANCE...**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= **CREDENTIALS ACCEPTED. WELCOME, DOCTOR RIVERA.**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

# **WELCOME, AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL**

#### Clearance 3/HIGH COURT Detected.

Note that the remainder of this file is Level 3/HIGH COURT Clearance Classified. Sharing this file with unauthorized personnel is strictly forbidden and will result in immediate disciplinary action.

### ◆ Attached Addenda ◆

[[collapsible show="[+] Discovery" hide="[-] Discovery"]]

The manuscripts detailing SCP-5795 were originally found in Site-120's [Grand Library](SCP-5292), stolen from it following a raid on a cult organization known as "[the Children](SCP-5936)." Due to numerous unidentified fingerprints being found around the location, a search for a potential thief was initiated.

Three days later, a connection between the event and PoI-5936 ("Damien Nowak"), a leader of "the Children" cult was made via the analysis of fingerprints left behind within Site-120. To prevent a potentially Veil-breaking scenario from occurring, the local facilities of the Foundation initiated Code Yellow, upon which all Site-120 resources were to be diverted to locating Nowak and the cessation of any further anomalous activity.

Meanwhile, residents of the Podlasian Voivodeship of Poland reported numerous SCP-5795-1 sightings. A special task force consisting of Daniel Ashworth, Jessie Rivera, and the remaining members of [MTF Omega-5A](scp-5936) were dispatched to the location of the sightings. All of said individuals were chosen for the action due to their prior involvement with PoI-5936-related activities. 

---

[[collapsible show="[+] Operation" hide="[-] Operation"]]

In light of the scale of the emergency, It encompassing the entirety of eastern Poland.  the O4 Council A gathering of Site Directors and Department Leaders responsible for handling important situations that do not require the attention of Overwatch Command.  has immediately transported all of the individuals involved with the aforementioned operation Codenamed Operation High Court.  via the usage of Ways directly into the affected area. The following are recordings created during the event retrieved from Dr. Rivera's body camera.

**Date:** 27/04/1985

**Exploration Team:** Mobile Task Force Omega-5A, Dr. Asheworth, Dr. Rivera

**Subject:** Unspecified parts of the Podlasian Voivodeship of Poland

**Team Lead:** Dr. Rivera

**Team Members:** Dr. Asheworth, Om-5A-1, Om-5A-2, Om-5A-4

**Foreword:** Due to Operation High Court's importance, the following feed has been directly connected to command at Site-120.

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*The video shows a closing Way behind the group as they enter into a forest opening a view onto a small and shallow valley. In the distance, a large mountain can be seen, with the sky around it flickering between darkness and light. Despite this, no sun, moon, stars, or any other celestial bodies can be seen anywhere.*

**Dr. Rivera:** Rivera, checking in. Is the feed clear?

**Command:** All's fine.

*The group descends down the hill as a scream is heard. The entire group freezes for a moment only to continue with double the speed a second later.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** Fuck fuck fuck, we're too late! Everybody, check your weapons, we're entering into--

*Asheworth is cut off as a relatively small arrow strikes the tree near him. He freezes.*

**Dr. Rivera:** Jesus Chr-- get back!

*The group hides behind a large stone located to their right as the arrows start to fly faster. All of them miss save for one, which strikes Om-5A-2's left thigh. Asheworth stops, bringing his hands together as a warm light fills his surroundings, quickly turning into a bubble.*

*Om-5A-2 kneels, quietly groaning in pain.*

*As another arrow enters their surroundings, it breaks upon contact with the shield.* 

**Command:** *<heavily distorted>:* What's going on?!

**Om-5A-2:** We're under attack by an unknown agg--

**Dr. Rivera:** It's Faeries. 

**Om-5A-4:** What?

**Dr. Asheworth:** Faeries, Children of the Forest, whatever!

*Asheworth starts to form a thaumaturgic circle around them with an unidentified white powder he pulls from a bag inside his coat.*

**Dr. Rivera:** Calm do--

**Command:** Both of you, stop it right now, I orde--

*The entire valley is filled with a deafening shriek as the connection terminates itself and two members of the MTF fall on their knees. One of them is bleeding from all orifices.*

**Om-5A-4:** *<Getting up from the ground>:* What's going on?!

**Dr. Rivera:** An active cognihazard, probably originating from dash two. The ritual is probably being finished. We need to hurry.

**Om-5A-4:** What about A-2?!

*Om-5A-4 gets up and approaches Om-5A-2. He then conducts resuscitation techniques in vain.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** He's already gone.

*A second scream is heard as a strong wind fills the nearby trees. The arrow rain disappears mid-air as the sky's color changes from blue to a light green-blue.*

 

**Dr. Asheworth:** No no no, no no no. This is not happening! [Not again](SCP-5890)! Not again--

*Asheworth gets up from the ground and begins to frantically look around himself.*

**Dr. Rivera:** We need to go, now!

*The team runs towards the mountain as further wind blows between the trees. From atop it, a humming in numerous unknown languages can be heard alongside the sky's color-shifting between a green hue and a clean blue.*

**Command:** Do you *<inaudible>*? Team, d*<inaudible>*?

**Dr. Rivera:** Command?! Do you copy?!

**Command:** This is Corn*<inaudible>* spea*<inaudible>*ng! Do*<inaudible>*t enter *<inaudible>* stances! Do you *<inaudible>*?!

**Dr. Rivera:** Do you hear us?!

**Command:** We *<inaudible, the radio does not respond and only excretes static>*

**Dr. Rivera:** No, fuck fuck fuck fuck! What do we do?!

**Om-5A-4:** We need to push forward. That's the only way.

*A gravel path begins to form around the mountain. Surrounding the mountain, a large staircase carved around it is seen.*

*As the group approaches them, numerous large openings on the mountain can be sighted. Some are filled with nest-like structures, although no lifeforms can be detected. However, the group's cameras then pan to the top of the mountain, where a large swarm of bugs alongside other unidentified creatures can be seen. He stops.*

**Dr. Rivera:** What are you doing?!

*The humming gets louder as an unintelligible human male voice starts to vocalize.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** We're already too late.

*A high-pitched, bellowing sound emanates through the valley, and the recording cuts.*

**[END LOG]**

**Date:** 27/04/1985

**Exploration Team:** Mobile Task Force Omega-5A, Dr. Asheworth, Dr. Rivera

**Subject:** SCP-5795-1

**Team Lead:** Dr. Rivera

**Team Members:** Dr. Asheworth, Om-5A-1, Om-5A-4

**Foreword:** From evidence gathered after Operation High Court concluded, it was deduced that the following exploration took place entirely within SCP-5795-1.

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*The camera's feed connects again as it appears to be gently struck multiple times by Rivera.*

**Rivera:** Come on, come on...

*The interior resembles primitive living spaces, with thaumaturgic symbols, composed of a mixture of blood and mud, drawn on the walls. These symbols, illuminated by red light pulsating from them, represent "protection" or "preparation." A dim, red light pulsates from all of them, increasing in frequency with every loud hum coming from above.*

**Dr. Rivera:** Hello? Command, does anyone hear us?

**Dr. Asheworth:** They don't. And never will.

**Om-5A-4:** What? Why?

**Dr. Asheworth:** The connection will never reach them. We're in dash one now.

**Om-5A-1:**  But there has to be *some way* of reaching them--

**Dr. Asheworth:** There isn't. The only way out of here is up that goddamn mountain.

**Dr. Rivera:** I've tried to compile a map of the area with some of 120's scanners, but... well, he's right.

**Om-5A-1:** But--

**Dr. Asheworth:** Look, I hate to be the dick here, but I'm the blood magic guy, alright? And if I say there's no way out of here -- *there's no way out of here*. Now let's go before that option closes too and we have to live with goddamn Fae forever, shall we?

**Dr. Rivera:** Let's go.

*As Asheworth heads forward, a natural staircase paven within the grotto can be seen. He quickly climbs it, getting out of sight of the camera.*

*Om-5A-1 walks towards Rivera. The other man quickly heads with Asheworth, disappearing out of sight.*

**Om-5A-1:** What is going on with him?

**Dr. Rivera:** *<sighs>* Technically and medically speaking -- nothing. I'm sure deep down there's a logical reason for this but... I'm worried, Jacob. I really am. I've no longer any idea of where we are, how we are here, and who we're truly chasing. I... I really don't.

**Om-5A-1:** Ever since Hann-- I mean, [A-3 passed](SCP-5936), everything’s been—

**Dr. Rivera:** I know. I know. 

*They continue walking slowly in silence for the next 5 seconds.*

*A loud noise can be heard from above.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** *<muffled by the walls>:* You coming?!

**Dr. Rivera:** *<shouting>:* Yes!

*Rivera looks at Om-5A-1.*

**Dr. Rivera:** Let's go.

*They quickly climb the stairs before entering a 200 m² opening. They walk through a large hall, where numerous wooden tables, stools, food, bottles, and thaumaturgic symbols are scattered. On the walls, approximately 50 paintings depicting a large humanoid creature levitating in the sky. All of them are untouched, in contrast to the rest of the room's items, which are in a poor state of repair.*

**Dr. Rivera:** And what is--

*As a loud roar fills the cave from above, the entire team looks at the ceiling, revealing a barred opening to what appears to be an arena. At the edges of the above, snow can be seen alongside a clear sky view, suggesting it is the top of the mountain inside of SCP-5795-1. Inside of the arena, a stadium can be seen, with its surroundings filled with sitting Fae, [Children of the Night](SCP-1000), and numerous other unidentified creatures. They all seem to be humming, focused on the central spot, a throne sits atop a small platform. Three figures stand at the platform surrounding the seat; they cannot be properly seen from this angle.*

*The humming suddenly stops, as one of the figures shouts something inaudible. Two seconds later however it resumes, three times louder than before.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** It's him.

**Dr. Rivera:** W-what?

**Dr. Asheworth:** It's. Him.

*Asheworth's glove runes are engulfed in flames which start to circle him in a serpentine-like manner. He rushes towards a naturally-carved staircase located on the opposite side of the room. As he does so, the flame starts to move frantically around him.*

**Dr. Rivera:** Daniel, sto--

*As Rivera starts to talk, a small earthquake moves the room. From two of the tables, a total of five Fae awaken, seemingly drunk.*

**Om-5A-1:** Jesus fuck--

*Three of the creatures seem to notice the group, hissing wildly. In their hands, ethereal spears form and the creatures rush towards the group.*

**Dr. Rivera:** Asheworth, get down here!

*He looks at them, only to continue climbing.*

*Two more Fae start waking up, with one of them being at least three meters tall and with four arms and wings. The entity materializes four separate sets of weapons in each hand and starts to attack the exploration team.*

**Dr. Rivera:** Goddamnit, help us out!

*Asheworth looks at the rest of the team, visibly angered. He then looks back at the staircase, then at the rest of them again. He screams as he lunges down the room, with a spear made out of the cave's clay in his hand.*

*As Om-5A-1 and Om-5A-4 start firing towards the Fae, Rivera backs away on one of the containers. Asheworth's flame starts to engulf the smaller Fae. The entity screams, trashing around the room and throwing its weaponry about. It appears to be blinded.*

*As Om-5A-4 gets behind the large Fae, he stabs it with a knife. The entity tries to grab it, but he is quicker. As a result, it grabs and destroys one of the tables. The entity screams, running towards both of the MTF members.*

*Om-5A-1 tries to run away, toppling over one of the stray items on the floor left by the destruction of the table. He gets knocked over, falling on the ground. The Fae starts to run, manifesting three swords in its remaining hands. It looks furiously at Om-5-A-1.*

**Dr. Rivera:** Get out of there, NOW!

*The man tries to get up, but fails to, falling on his knees again. As the Fae is about to stampede Om-5A-1, Om-5A-4 throws himself between them. He is thrown against one of the walls by the larger entity, which appears to be staggered.*

**Om-5A-1:** No!

*Om-5A-1 quickly crawls towards his team member, with one of his legs bleeding. Asheworth throws his spear into the Fae. The entity screams, turning into ash over the course of the next 5 seconds. As it disappears, it screams directly at the man. He does not react.*

*As Rivera gets away from the chests she hid near, the team gathers around Om-5A-4, whose body is heavily wounded.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** Move aside, all of you!

*Asheworth runs towards Om-5A-4, kneeling and starting to touch the wound. Around his hands, a bright light appears.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** Come on, come on, come on!

**Om-5A-4:** N-n... no.

**Dr. Asheworth:**  What?!

**Om-5A-4:** It's fine. I... I understand.

*Om-5A-4 starts to violently cough.*

**Om-5A-4:** Leave me.

**Om-5A-1:** N—

**Om-5A-4:** You... you have to.

**Dr. Rivera:**  No, no we do not! Stop spitting nonsense and--

**Om-5A-4:** It's... it's fine. It really... *coughs* is. It was an honor to serve... with you... gentlemen.

*As Om-5A-4 stops moving, the team gets up from the ground and starts walking towards the stairway. Om-5A-1 rubs his eye as they walk forward.*

*Asheworth looks at Om-5A-1.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** I... I know...

*He then proceeds to look at the staircase.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** I know... but we must go forward. I'm so sorry, John.

*Om-5A-1 looks at Om-5A-4 for the final time before leaving.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** But that's the only way.

*The video log cuts as the team enters onto the colosseum stands.*

**[END LOG]**

**Date:** 27/04/1985

**Exploration Team:** Mobile Task Force Omega-5A, Dr. Asheworth, Dr. Rivera

**Subject:** SCP-5795-1

**Team Lead:** Dr. Rivera

**Team Members:** Dr. Asheworth, Om-5A-1

**Foreword:** N/A

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*The camera feed connects again as the team enters the audience, which does not seem to notice them. The creatures surrounding them appear to be a group mixed between the Children of the Night, Fae, humanoid bug entities, hooded human-like creatures, and numerous other beings that look unique to their kind. All of them have some variation of a "protection" rune engraved upon their torsos. The entire crowd is silent.*

*The arena appears to be built within the crater atop the mountain present within SCP-5795-1. From it, the night sky can be seen, from which what appear to be paper-made origami dragons of various sizes fly alongside enormous cicada-like entities. Though they keep on coming, the ones that enter the building sit upon the stands surrounding the center of the room.*

*Every present being there looks at the throne in the middle, near which three individuals stand -- in the center Damien Nowak, at the left, [Dr. MacCarthy Jr.](SCP-5890), and at the right, a [glitching, human-like being](SCP-5936) which seems to be in a state of constant pain.*

*The only individual emitting any sound is Nowak, whose voice is muffled due to the distance. Most words, however, are clear.*

**Nowak:** ...ey do not secure, they steal. They do not contain, they imprison. And they do not protect, they conquer. All of them are nothing more than liars, liars who I and everyone else will not stand any longer!

**Dr. Rivera:** *<quietly, looking at Asheworth>:* Who... is... that?

**Dr. Asheworth:** Nowak. You know the rest.

**Dr. Rivera:** And what does he have to do with... Fae and Bigfoot out of all th--

*Rivera is interrupted as a large Fae shushes her. Both comply.*

**Nowak:** Tell me -- have they ever done anything that doesn't *somehow* benefit them and them only? No?

*He looks directly at the Fae.*

**Nowak:** Or maybe do you think that the [Great Purge](ralliston-s-proposal) was good? No? How about locking your species in an alternate dimension then? You must be so happy about that, mustn't you?

*He looks at the Children of the Night.*

**Nowak:** Tell me -- did you appreciate when your god slaughtered all of you? Well, do I need to wait for the answer?

*He looks at the part of the stadium in which the origami dragons and cicada-like beings sit.*

**Nowak:** What about their promise, then? Surely they must have kept it?

*As he says that, the entities visibly become sadder.*

**Nowak:** I thought so too.

*Nowak looks around himself, circling around the throne.*

**Nowak:** Friend, enemies, brothers, sisters -- I brought you all here to show you that you are not each other's enemies. Do you really think all of your conflicts stem from you? Or is it the Foundation, the humans, the cancer that festers within this world that led you to battle each other?

*He stops for a moment.*

**Nowak:** Do you really think that even a single generation of them wanted peace? That they wanted to live in harmony? Do you really, really think that the massacres they committed throughout the years were acts of good faith?

*Silence.*

**Nowak:** They were not. They are nothing more than thieves; thieves of land, thieves of freedom, thieves of knowledge. And that knowledge we will use against them.

*Dr. MacCarthy Jr. steps ahead, presenting himself to all present. His face shows no emotions, though half of his torso is filled with gray scales.*

**Nowak:** We will use that which they thought dear to fester. We will use that they thought safe to plunder. And we will use that of which they thought good to destroy them from the inside -- as without access to knowledge they have stolen from all of us so long ago and declared theirs, they are *nothing*!

*The crowd starts to cheer, with some of the entities present starting to scream. They roar, with the sound overpowering all others. Nowak raises his hand slightly. The entirety of the sound stops.*

**Nowak:** As they, they brought it upon themselves so many years ago. We do not have another choice, friends. We--

**Dr. Asheworth:** Liar!

*Asheworth stands up from the seat, screaming at Nowak. His glove runes start to vibrate violently, with what looks like ice forming between his hands.*

**Dr. Rivera:** Calm d--

**Nowak:** And who are you?

*Asheworth starts walking down towards the arena.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** You know damn well who I am, you piece of shit.

**Dr. Rivera:** Ashewor--

*The ice between his hands forms into large spikes that penetrate the flow around him. He uses one of them as a spear and throws it towards Nowak.*

**Nowak:** Ah. I really thought I got rid of you this time.

*The two entities near Nowak walk towards him, trying to stop him from walking down the platform.*

**Nowak:** No no, it's fine. I'll handle it on my own.

*He throws his black robe off, revealing long black hair put in a bundle and a burn scar located on the left side of his face.*

**Nowak:** I should have years ago.

*The man walks down, running towards Asheworth, who kneels and draws with chalk around him. As Nowak is about to strike him with his fist, which starts to enlarge with what appears to be rock, Asheworth disappears, transporting himself upward.*

**Nowak:** You--

*Asheworth screams, landing on Nowak's head. They both entangle in a physical fight.*

**Om-5A-1:** What do we do?!

**Dr. Rivera:** Help him out, obviously!

*The remainder of the team runs down, as Nowak looks at the audience, which seems to be shocked.*

**Nowak:** Help me out, idiots!

*As the creatures try to enter the arena, an invisible force blocks them. Rivera looks heavily focused, with her eyes closed.*

**Om-5A-1:** How do you do this?!

**Dr. Rivera:** I... d-don... don't... know...

*All of the entities present on their side of the barriers start to panic, trying to find a way into the arena. All of them fail.*

*The camera focused once again on the men inside of it.*

 

*As sparks start to flicker around Asheworth's hands, they form into a flame. Nowak backs off, with the eye located near the scar starting to glow.*

**Nowak:** How dare you use my ow--

*The flame turns into a giant fire, directed towards Nowak. He touches the ground, which rises into a large dirt wall protecting him from the fire. Behind the wall, Nowak starts to draw a thaumaturgic circle. As the rest of the team makes their way towards the two men, the circle starts to glow.*

*Asheworth runs towards Nowak. Screaming, he materializes an ethereal sword in his hand. As Nowak turns around, touching the ground, he creates a halberd  for himself made out of the earth of the colosseum around him.*

*Both of the men cross weapons. Nowak swings his halberd aggressively, attempting to hurt Asheworth directly rather than his weapon. Upon the fourth swing however, Asheworth shatters it by parrying its attack and touching it quickly in multiple spots.*

**Nowak:** You disgui--

*He is cut off as Asheworth kicks him in his knee. The man falls down on the ground. Asherworth starts to strangle him from behind. Nowak whispers an inaudible phrase, which visibly makes Asheworth lose focus. He loosens the grip, allowing Nowak to punch him in the face.*

*As Asheworth tries to get up from the ground, Nowak pulls out a pocket knife and stabs him in the ankle. He screams, falling over. Asheworth tries to punch Nowak again, but fails to, as the man starts to crawl away towards the portal. Although Asheworth tries to catch him, Nowak gets up, limping.*

*Nowak starts vocalizing in an unknown language again, with the rocks scattered throughout the arena starting to move towards Asheworth. He touches the ground, which sends a shockwave towards the rubble, destroying most of it and reflecting the rest. The gravel created by the disintegration of the rocks gets to Nowak's eyes. He wipes it away, somewhat shocked by the event.*

*Rivera falls on the ground, deactivating the barrier for herself and Om-5A-1. They both enter through.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** Don't let him get away! Not now!

*Asheworth stands up, visibly wounded. Om-5A-1 starts to fire, attempting to terminate Nowak. Halfway through however, the bullets vanish.*

*As the runes start to flicker violently a portal opens behind Nowak.*

**Nowak:** It's too late.

*Om-5A-1 tries to grab Nowak before he enters the portal, failing to do so.*

*A grin fills the man's face as he lifts his hand. All of the Foundation staff start to levitate. Asheworth whispers something inaudible and all of them fall to the ground. He touches the ground, from which numerous spikes are created that try to touch Nowak. He whispers something inaudible and all of them shatter to pieces.*

*Nowak enters through the Way. As he does so, the entire colosseum starts to fall apart. Rocks from the ceiling start to fall, landing near the exploration team.*

**Dr. Asheworth:** *<crawling towards the portal>:* This... is... not... over... yet!

**Nowak:** *<looking directly in Asheworth's eyes>:* Then prove it.

*As the Way closes, Asheworth rushes towards it, entering at the last second. The team follows, which results in the camera which is on Rivera's clothing getting stuck on a pillar. She loses it, and they disappear out of sight.*

**[END LOG]**

---

[[collapsible show="[+] Aftermath" hide="[-] Aftermath"]]

When Command located at Site-120 lost contact with Operation High Court's team, the entirety of Site-120's armed personnel were sent in to investigate. Although they were not found, all signs depicted in the recordings were present. SCP-5795-1 was at that time still interconnected with baseline reality, though within it, no lifeforms were found. The only thing not noted by the recordings present within was the unconscious body of Dr. MacCarthy Jr., which appeared to be heavily drugged and damaged. Although all of his Foundation clothing was still present, his Level 3 Clearance card was missing. Attempts to bring him back have been so far unsuccessful.

A thaumaturgic scan of the area was later initiated, with the intended purpose being the location of the portal into which the team disappeared. Three days later, however, not a single sign was located. To where the portal lead remains unknown.

Afterward, all civilians claiming to witness the event were interrogated and amnesticized. Though the investigation garnered no results, the researchers remain on-site for further research.

The whereabouts of Daniel Asheworth and the rest of the team are still unknown.

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

# **There has been one additional edit since you accessed the file.**

[[collapsible show="[+] Show Changes?" hide="{crfssticall databaseee errosrss//]>"]]

@@ @@

= **CRITICAL SCiPNET ERROR. SERVERS COMPROMISED. SHUTTING DOWN TERMINAL...**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

]

---

<< [SCP-5794](SCP-5794) | SCP-5795 | [SCP-5796](SCP-5796) >>

=====

> **Name of the file:** ontotop

> **Source:** [link](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/desk-of-junior-designer-s-yvonne)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Author:** , edited by 

> **Name of the file:** forest

> **Source:** [link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Forest_pic_06.jpg)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Author:** [Andrew Malone](https://www.flickr.com/photos/andrewmalone)

> **Name of the file:** hills1

> **Source:** The Site-42 Discord Server

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Author:** ✠ Space Bird ✠ from Site-42's Discord Server

> **Notes:** Image used [with permission](https://prnt.sc/xikztm) from the user.

> **Name of the file:** hills2

> **Source:** The Site-42 Discord Server

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Author:** ✠ Space Bird ✠ from Site-42's Discord Server

> **Notes:** Image used [with permission](https://prnt.sc/xikztm) from the user.

=====
