**Item #:** SCP-5313

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** A copy of SCP-5313 is available in the Site-64 database, accessible to personnel with Level 3/5313 clearance. All other copies have been disposed of. 

**Description:** SCP-5313 refers to the instructions to conduct a thaumaturgic ritual which summons an entity designated SCP-5313-1, which acts as a portal to an extradimensional space designated SCP-5313-2.

While the text of SCP-5313 itself is non-anomalous, the specific actions detailed within, whether read about, performed, or witnessed, are forgotten by subjects within 20 minutes of exposure to said memes. Ingredients required for the ritual include:

* A space of dirt or sand that takes up a volume of at least 1m x 1m x 1m. 

* A black pigment of any sort.

* Blood belonging to the subject performing the instructions described in SCP-5313, amount unknown due to ingredient being retrieved as an action in the ritual.

* At least 50 mL of oil made from a particular thaumaturgically modified strain of the herb *Calluna vulgaris*, or common heather.This strain is as-of-yet uncontained. More information can be found in the file of POI-83842, former Chaos Insurgency operative West Gomes.

Successful completion of the actions detailed in SCP-5313 will result in the manifestation and subsequent emergence of SCP-5313-1, a soft-bodied extradimensional entity, through the provided surface of sediment. This entity's cells will lose cohesion if it is removed from the dirt it manifested in, wounded, or if all living beings inside SCP-5313-2 are no longer present within it. In this case, SCP-5313-1 ceases all anomalous function.

The body of SCP-5313-1 consists only of skin, mucus cells, and a rudimentary nervous and muscular system built around its single body cavity which goes through its anterior end to its posterior end. This cavity acts as a portal into SCP-5313-2. Objects which pass through this cavity will exit from the body cavity of a similar entity, which is buried in the sand of SCP-5313-2's shore. 

SCP-5313-2 is an extradimensional space which looks similar to beaches on Earth. It is oblate-spheroidal in shape, with a major diameter of 1km, and a minor diameter of approx. 500m. It maintains the illusory appearance of a continuing landscape beyond its borders. 

A few manmade structures exist within SCP-5313-2:

* An aged wooden pavilion with a palm roof. Many of its constituent boards are broken or missing.

* A shed with a painting on its front doors. Held 2 surfboards, a variety of woodworking tools, and eight 60mL bottles of anomalous heather oil, which has been confiscated for further study.

* A raised wooden shack. Held a cot, a mini fridge connected to a 2000W portable gasoline generatorApprox. half-empty of gasoline upon recovery of object., a framed photo on the wall depicting POI-83842 and an unidentified woman of African descent, and a sign hung above the door which reads "Town of Alma, Councilwoman's Office".

**Discovery:** SCP-5313 was brought to light on 2018/06/22 when Foundation webcrawlers detected suspicious online activity by West Gomes, a former Beta-class Chaos Insurgency operative, who began making posts on forums regarding SCP-5313 and seemingly attempting to gauge public interest in the anomaly, calling it "like, a place just to hang out and surf and have bonfires and that shit and meet people but like a community too." Information suppression was enacted before the posts were witnessed by any individuals not already known to have been associated with the anomalous.

Soon after this incident, an investigation and subsequent retrieval of all known copies of SCP-5313 was carried out by Foundation agents on 2018/06/23; Only two copies were found to have existed, being a paper copy in Gomes's home, and a .docx file located on the internal storage of her personal laptop. After retrieval and questioning, Gomes was administered Class-A amnestics and will be under Foundation surveillance until further notice. 

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 5313-A: Surveillance transcript</summary>

> **Note:** The following is an SMS conversation intercepted by surveillance teams on 2018/06/23, between POI-83842 and an unknown individual, identified in their contact info only as "hubby <3" by Gomes. Their phone number uses a Three Portlands area code, but no individual can be found connected to this number.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **[13:20:23] Gomes:** Babe are you working rn

> **[13:20:39] Gomes:** I fucked up

> **[13:21:16] Gomes:** I'm an idiot I'm really sorry

> **[13:29:34] hubby <3:** West? Are you okay?

> **[13:29:45] hubby <3:** What happened?

> **[13:31:13] Gomes:** Map to Almas gone. Jailers took it in the middle of the night thank god I still can tell when I've been amnesticized but fuck. I'm so dumb. I don't remember the map at allPOI-83842 had reportedly recieved training while employed by the Chaos Insurgency from 2008-2014 which allows an individual that has been amnesticized to recognize the fact of their amnesticization. Testing on captured CI operatives has proven that actual efficacy of memory removal per amnesticization protocol remains unchanged.

> **[13:32:28] hubby <3:** Oh, no. Sweetie, I hope you're okay.

> **[13:33:23] hubby <3:** You're not dumb, alright West? You're a smart woman, and making the Map hide itself the way we did was a really smart measure, but there was really no planning for this. 

> **[13:33:51] hubby <3:** I know how much Alma meant to you, and I'm sorry you've lost it. I think we can try again, in a different way.

> **[13:38:39] Gomes:** Thank you

> **[13:38:46] Gomes:** I just

> **[13:39:28] Gomes:** I was excited to be doing something that I wanted to do. For once.

> **[13:40:17] Gomes:** Live out my desires of just having fun and share with others. And I couldn't be more thankful to you for helping me with that and helping with all the thaumaturgy and everything

> **[13:41:30] Gomes:** I'm going to come back to 3port. I miss you a lot and I want to figure all this out so we can do it right this time

> **[13:42:11] hubby <3:** Okay, sweetie. I can't wait.

> **[13:43:24] hubby <3:** We'll make your Alma. <3

</details>

<< [SCP-5312](SCP-5312) | SCP-5313 | [SCP-5314](SCP-5314) >>
