MC&D's Public Relations Operation

.email-block {

    border: 1px solid #000000;

    padding: 0 1em;

    margin: 1em 3em;

    background-color: #ffffff;

}

.email-header {

    border-left: 2px solid #888888;

    padding-left: 1em;

}

.footnotes-footer {

    display:none;

}

**%%title%% -- %%first_paragraph%%**

**[Marceline_Raynes' Author Page](marceline-raynes-author-page)**

**Item #:** SCP-5964-D

**Object Class:** ~~Keter~~ Decommissioned

**Special Containment Procedures (Archived):** Foundation resources currently assigned to GOI-071 Marshall, Carter & Dark LLC are to prepare for a potentially imminent Lifted Veil scenario. Webcrawlers and Mobile Task Forces are to locate and obfuscate SCP-5964-infected media, including but not limited to: televised broadcasts, podcasts, YouTube videos, and radio airings. Presently, Foundation ambassadors are attempting to broker a deal with authority figures within MC&D to prevent the aforementioned Lifted Veil scenario. 

**Description (Archived):** SCP-5964 is a memetic agent embedded into several promotional media pieces produced by Marshall, Carter, and Dark LLP. When observed, SCP-5964 embeds a mental trigger into the subject's subconscious. When the subject perceives a benign anomalyWhat meets these parameters can vary widely between individuals, but generally, they can be defined as anything which would be considered physically impossible, yet poses no physical or psychological threat to the individual., the trigger activates. Serotonin is produced at an accelerated rate, flooding the brain and allowing the subject to enter a relaxed and curious state. The intent of this effect is hypothesized to eliminate skepticism and distrust of the perceived object.

MC&D have released several forms of SCP-5964 infected media since 14/11/2021. All media released have announced the group's intention of going public on 23/04/2022. This would presumably include the active advertisement and sale of anomalous objects among the general public.

**Addendum 5964.1:** The following video was uploaded to YouTube by the channel "MC&D"The channel was found to be verified immediately upon its creation. on 14/11/2021; the video itself was also advertised across monetized content.

*[The video immediately opens to SCP-5964. After two seconds, the memetic agent ceases. The scene changes to a completely black backdrop, with a woman identified as Iris Dark standing in the center. She is dressed in a purple pinstripe suit and holding a glass object in her hand. The identity of the object's content cannot be discerned at this time as it is largely obfuscated off-screen.]*

**Dark:** My name is Iris Dark, of Marshall, Carter & Dark. You've never heard of us before, and that's because we and the opposition share a single, microscopic similarity: secrecy. For them, the architects for the foundation of normalcy, secrecy is their fundamental ideal. For us, secrecy has been beneficial and exclusive. It was once the paragon of wealth and power to peer beyond that thinly drawn Veil. For us, secrecy meant prestige. It meant class. It meant: "I'm better than you". Until now, that is.

*[Dark raises the glass object in her hand, aligning it so that it is perpendicular to the camera. The object is a jar, similar to those that would typically contain mundane items. Inside of the jar is a humanoid organism with large, semi-transparent wings on its back that spread iridescent particulate when they move. The humanoid organism appears distraught.]*

**Dark:** The world has changed, and so have our interests. This secret is the luxuries, the wonders, the necessities the rich have access to, they can soon be yours.

*[Dark raises her other hand, revealing a jewel of unknown make that glows faintly. Irridescent particulate falls from the jewel as Dark turns it over in her hand. The humanoid in the jar acknowledges Dark's motions momentarily, but quickly adopts the fetal position.]*

**Dark:** Naturally, not everyone who dips in these resources will be happy that we have broken such secrecy. To members of this secret world, breaking this illusion, sharing with you, is a greater threat than anything else. But this is of the utmost importance to us. Change. *Is*. Here. Will you roll forward with us, or be left behind in the dark?

*[Dark fades out, and an ending card fades in. The words "Marshall, Carter & Dark" occupy the center of the screen; below it is written "23.04.2022". In italic print at the bottom of the screen are the words "Fairies and precious stones sold separately".]*

Foundation web crawlers and IT agents were unable to take down the video or the channel. Following the incident, a state of emergency was declared.

{{Accessing Precognition Division Files...}}

**[PreCogDiv] Addendum 5964.2:** The Precognition Division has been tasked with analyzing future possibilities and outcomes to determine which strategies would lead to the most favorable position. The most likely scenario, assuming standard Foundation protocol, would result in a Veil-lifting catastrophe; the vast majority of successful scenarios were found to result from successful negotiations with MC&D. Specific research, including motivations and precise operations, are underway.

**To:** director-aleph@precog-div.scip.net

**From:** samuel-perry@precog-div.scip.net

**Subject:** MC&D

Report regarding MC&D's future operations, and more specific analyses thereof:

* Assuming standard procedure, or assuming failed negotiations between SCP Foundation and MC&D:

 * 83.6% chance of Lifted Veil via MC&D going public.

 * 12.1% chance of Lifted Veil via conflict between SCP Foundation and MC&D.

 * 0.1% chance of Lifted Veil via civilian exposure to and analysis of SCP-5964-infected media.

 * 4.2% chance of Secure Veil being maintained.

 * All possibilities result in direct conflict between SCP Foundation and MC&D, as would be necessitated via standard protocol.

* Assuming successful negotiations between SCP Foundation and MC&D:

 * 0.2% chance of Lifted Veil via civilian exposure to and analysis of SCP-5964-infected media.

 * 99.8% chance of Secure Veil being maintained.

 * All successful negotiations would require significantly limited sanctions upon MC&D, allowing it far more freedom in non-Veil-protected areas and procedures.

* MC&D has planned numerous other engagements between now and MC&D's planned operation, including:

 * 6 major monthly anomalous auctions, with a roughly 16.2% chance of February auction being canceled due to inclement weather.

 * 17 to 22 corporate negotiations, depending on various circumstances.

 * 5 to 8 private negotiations, depending on various circumstances.

 * 1 high-security anomalous humanoid auction, scheduled for 21/4/2022.

I am sending you this email privately, partially due to the severity of the predictions, but also as a personal plea, mainly regarding the final Vision listed above. MC&D has never before attempted a major anomalous human trafficking operation quite like this; on the rare chance they deal with humans, they are done sparsely and individually. Something this big is a bold move and frankly affronting.

However, while such an operation would likely sour any negotiations, busting a trafficking operation like this would save a lot of people. I'm asking that you send this directly to the O5 Council, along with a plea that this be considered.

— Dr. Samuel Perry

**To:** samuel-perry@precog-div.scip.net

**From:** director-aleph@precog-div.scip.net

**Subject:** Re:MC&D

Dr. Perry,

While I immensely sympathize with your desires here, I must forewarn you that such an operation must ultimately be counterbalanced with the weight of the current situation, and our priorities must be handled accordingly. I will forward your message to the O5 Council, but keep in mind what sacrifices may need to be made.

— Dir. Aleph, Precognition Division

A request was sent from Site-09Headquarters of the Precognition Division. administration to O5 Command regarding Dr. Perry's request. Following deliberation, the O5 Council has elected to deny the proposal, on the grounds that such an action would be ultimately harmful to negotiations, and that the necessity of supporting the Veil far outweighs the noted elements.

**[PreCogDiv] Addendum 5964.3:**

Report regarding MC&D's anomalous human trafficking operation:

* Confirmed sales, assuming no extremely unlikely extenuating circumstances (i.e. events with a likelihood of less than 0.0001%):

 * Two telekinetics.

 * One pyrokinetic.

 * Two hydrokinetics.

 * Eight humans with various cosmetic anomalous abnormalities.

 * One auratallasicIndividual with the ability to turn objects into gold via physical contact..

 * Five ##green|unspoken forest dwellers##.

 * Three children of the night.

* Sales that may occur depending on various circumstances:

 * One additional hydrokinetic (43.8% probability; subject will attempt suicide during a pre-sale examination and succeed unless MC&D operatives interfere).

 * One geokinetic (5.6% probability; subject will likely become hostile during event and be terminated).

 * Two ferrokinetics (87.9% probability; subjects will attempt to escape in tandem pre-event though will most likely fail).

 * Alex Simmons, Foundation precognitive (92.8% probability; unknown conditions; recalibration required for further details).

**To:** director-aleph@precog-div.scip.net

**From:** samuel-perry@precog-div.scip.net

**Subject:** Re:MC&D

Sir, with all due respect, these latest predictions absolutely need to be addressed. Alex is obviously stressed, and we're doing what we can to protect him for the time being, but I strongly suggest that we request direct intervention, *especially* now that we know MC&D is directly targeting a Foundation agent.

— Dr. Samuel Perry

**To:** samuel-perry@precog-div.scip.net

**From:** director-aleph@precog-div.scip.net

**Subject:** Re:MC&D

Dr. Perry,

I sent in another request, but the O5s have denied it, and frankly, I have to say I agree with them in this case; we can't just divert all of our attention to one agent. I'm sure Simmons will understand. We are all on the same side here, and what's most important is that we consider our priorities. Simmons is a good man and agent, and someone who puts his team first and his priorities straight.

— Dir. Aleph, Precognition Division

**[PreCogDiv] Addendum 5964.4:** As predicted by the Precognition Division, Alex Simmons was apprehended by Marshall, Carter, and Dark collection agents operating under the guise of insurance collectors. Simmons was abducted from his home, while his husband and adopted child were shot. Simmons was able to activate an emergency distress beacon on his person shortly prior to his capture.

Despite having not been authorized by the Precognition Division command, various on-duty agents deserted their posts in order to pursue the MC&D agents en route to their destination. The rogue agents were ultimately efficacious in retrieving Simmons, although the External Relations Division was able to successfully cover up all Foundation involvement. All involved agents were reprimanded for unauthorized use of Foundation resources, unauthorized hostile engagements against a Group of Interest, and knowingly endangering a Foundation operation.

**To:** director-aleph@precog-div.scip.net

**From:** samuel-perry@precog-div.scip.net

**Subject:** Internal Affairs

This is completely ridiculous at best and monstrous at worst. Simmons just watched his husband and son get shot in front of him, and the only people who gave a damn are being demoted and given unpaid leave, and you have the absolute gall to claim you're being *generous* for not outright terminating them?

— Dr. Samuel Perry

**To:** samuel-perry@precog-div.scip.net

**From:** director-aleph@precog-div.scip.net

**Subject:** Re:Internal Affairs

Dr. Perry,

I would like to remind you that you are still engaging in an official Foundation deliberation; your hostile behavior is unwelcome and unnecessary.

I understand your stress and confusion, but I need you to consider the bigger picture. Had we not been able to cover up the operation, it could have easily destroyed our symbiotic relationship with MC&D, resulting in their lifting the Veil. One man, a man who has volunteered to risk his life for us, is not worth the sacrifice of everything the Foundation is dedicated to preserving.

Simmons is a man who understands this. We're part of a team, and each member of this team is incredibly valuable. But working together means making individual sacrifices. I am incredibly happy that Simmons is safe, of course, but he was willing to put his life on the line because he prioritized our mission, and the actions of those agents selfishly put his sacrifice in jeopardy.

— Dir. Aleph, Precognition Division

**To:** director-aleph@precog-div.scip.net

**From:** samuel-perry@precog-div.scip.net

**Subject:** Re:Internal Affairs

Have you even talked to him? Maybe if you did, you'd realize that using him as a propaganda symbol is atrocious, when he shares basically none of your own feelings. He'll probably be quitting the Foundation entirely, and I think I might just follow him. You're a pompous, arrogant, apathetic dipshit, perfect for the Council. Sorry if that's too hostile for you. 

Go fuck yourself.

— Dr. Samuel Perry

**URGENT ANNOUNCEMENT:**

****MEMO TO ALL RELEVANT PERSONNEL****

Following diplomatic engagement between the SCP Foundation and Marshall, Carter & Dark, the two groups have come to an agreement regarding MC&D's public relations operation.

In exchange for MC&D withdrawing from the public space, fully decommissioning SCP-5964, and ceasing any further operations with the potential to lift the Veil on a large scale, the SCP Foundation has agreed to allow MC&D autonomy in purely anomalous spaces. As the Foundation's primary mission is to ensure the preservation of normalcy, any activities undergone by MC&D, so long as they do not constitute a threat to this agenda, are of minimal priority.

A full transcript of the agreement is available upon request.

— Dr. Maya Whitney, SCP Foundation External Relations Division

<< [SCP-5963](SCP-5963) | SCP-5964 | [SCP-5965](SCP-5965) >>
