by [ Ethagon](Ethagon's Author Page)

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5582 is to be contained on sight. Every containment facility is to have at least one untested containment plan for SCP-5582 prepared at all times. Until permanent containment is deemed successful, the continued recapture of SCP-5582 under new conditions is intended to serve as a substitute for real containment.

**Description:** SCP-5582 is a three-year-old common octopus*Octopus Vulgaris*, capable of surviving an indefinite amount of time without water. SCP-5582 is sapient and has advanced problem-solving skills. SCP-5582 could not be subjected to any test in this regard, due to its constant containment breaches, but to date, SCP-5582 was able to solve any logical problem encountered.

**Discovery:** The Foundation became aware of SCP-5582 through multiple reports of a bank heist involving an octopus. Agents were dispatched to the scene and found SCP-5582 lurking in the immediate vicinity. SCP-5582 was apprehended and brought to Site-17 but was able to crawl out of the containment vehicle before its arrival due to the lack of octopus-specific restraints.

SCP-5582 was again found a few weeks later observing Site-17. When Agents were again dispatched to apprehend SCP-5582, they were unable to find it. It is estimated that SCP-5582 infiltrated Site-17 prior to being noticed.

**Interview-Log:**

**Interviewed:** SCP-5582

**Interviewer:** Junior Researcher Mellow

**Foreword:** *This interview was conducted after SCP-5582 showed up at the front entrance of Site-23. SCP-5582 used the stones of its provisional containment aquarium to write its answers.*

**<Begin Log, skip to 05:34>**

*Up to this point SCP-5582 had only been placing its stones at random.*

**Junior Researcher Mellow:** I don't see why you even requested an interview if you refuse to answer.

**SCP-5582:** Took you long enough to notice. Don't worry, I was listening. *(SCP-5582 looks directly at Junior Researcher Mellow)* Yeah, you’ll do it.

**Junior Researcher Mellow:** Me?

**SCP-5582:** What? No. You young people are always so self-centred. I mean all of you, obviously.

**Junior Researcher Mellow:** And what exactly is it you want from us?

**SCP-5582:** You'll get it eventually.

**Junior Researcher Mellow:** Then will you answer why you took part in the heist?

**SCP-5582:** Why does anyone rob a bank? For myself, obviously.

**Junior Researcher Mellow:** Then why did you willingly let yourself be contained?

**SCP-5582:** Also for me.

**Junior Researcher Mellow:** You're not making any sense.

**SCP-5582:**  You’ll understand it when you’re a little older.

**Junior Researcher Mellow:** I really don't think so? What do you get from letting yourself be contained?

**SCP-5582:**  No

**Junior Researcher Mellow:** No?

**SCP-5582:** *(it tips its head with one of its arms)*  No stagnation.

*SCP-5582 refused to communicate any further.*

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:** *SCP-5582 breached containment shortly after the interview concluded. It was discovered that stones were disrupting the function of its cell door locking mechanism.*

3 days after this breach, Junior Researcher Mellow received an anonymous message titled "Before you do it" containing a picture of SCP-5582.

**Further notable incidents:**

* SCP-5582 was contained in Site-11 in a standard containment cell with a more complex locking mechanism. SCP-5582 was able to escape through the ventilation system with the help of a previously half-swallowed screwdriver.

* Site-66 constructed a special cell for SCP-5582, that made an escape through life-supporting systems like ventilation and drainage impossible. SCP-5582 escaped through bribing a now-former junior researcher with its stolen money to aid in its containment breach.

* SCP-5582 was captured by Site-06-3 from a local aquarium. Containment was planned to include several logic puzzles, but the octopus was found to be non-anomalous. On the same day, Site-06-3 Staff received an anonymous message titled "Already solved" containing the solutions to all logic puzzles.

* During its stay at Site-19, SCP-5582 was informed of the existence of other sapient cephalopods in containment. SCP-5582 agreed to a meeting but fled during [the siege of Site-19](the siege of Site-19). The following message was received afterwards:

> What, you want me to socialize at this age? Weird thing to ask a three-year-old. Still tempting, but I wished you’d have asked me when I wasn’t crawling on my last arm.

The next day, SCP-5582 was spotted in front of the containment tank of [SCP-2967](SCP-2967) One of the cephalopods alluded to during the previous containment attempt. by surveillance cameras. They both communicated through an unknown sign language for about an hour after which SCP-5582 escaped before the footage was noticed. The following message was received afterwards:

> Nah, I’m good.

---

All further encounters with SCP-5582 are documented in the [SCP-5582 Containment Log](SCP-5582 Containment Log).

<< [SCP-5581](SCP-5581) | SCP-5582 | [SCP-5583](SCP-5583) >>
