You can check out more of my works here:

[cremo](cremo)

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5652 is to be contained in a petri dish filled with water at Site-228's aquatic wing. For feeding purposes, an *archaeon* (provided by the biological research facility) is to be placed into SCP-5652's petri dish daily.

**Description:** SCP-5652 is a microscopic entity resembling an adult female hammerhead shark*Sphyrna mokarran*  with an approximate 4 μm body length. Its intelligence appears to be higher than an average non-anomalous member of its species. SCP-5652's primary diet is composed of various microorganisms but it notably prefers *bacteria* and *archaea*.  

SCP-5652 was discovered in Budapest within the bloodstream of Joseph Hemér, a local architect. Hemér recently arrived in Budapest from a Caribbean business tripThe presumed location of the contact with SCP-5652. Research ongoing.  when he reportedly started to feel mild pain/discomfort in his cardiovascular system. Later during a medical examination, SCP-5652 was discovered and retrieved by the embedded Foundation agents, but the pain was still present.

Two days after SCP-5652's discovery, the source of the pain was found. 10 heavily damaged humanoid automatons of similar sizes to SCP-5652 were discovered embedded in the walls of Hemér's blood vessels. The automatons are noted to have disproportionally large hands.

Further research revealed that the automatons were remote-controlled and a small symbol depicting a modified version of the [Foundation's sigil](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/spc-hub) was found printed on the chest of each automaton.

<< [SCP-5651](SCP-5651) | SCP-5652 | [SCP-5653](SCP-5653) >>
