@@ @@

**SCP-5548 "A Hair Brained Scheme" by:** 

@@ @@

### [★ DrAkimoto's Author Page ★](http://www.scp-wiki.net/drakimoto-s-author-page)

@@@@

## **Item #:** SCP-5548

## **Object Class:** Safe

#### ****Special Containment Procedures****

SCP-5548 is attached to the shower unit within Improvised Containment Unit 6, formally the C–Wing men's bathroom at Site-52. Testing of SCP-5548 is approved on a case-to-case basis and must be supervised by authorized medical staff.

SCP-5548-1 is stored within Biological Storage Locker 121 and will be transfered to Medical Bay 4 every Saturday. While in the medical bay personnel are to trim approximately 30 cm of hair from SCP-5548-1. The collected hair is to be analyzed and subsequently incinerated.

#### ****Description****

SCP-5548 is an amalgamation of several non-anomalous and seemingly unrelated mechanisms that when activated are capable of causing spontaneous hair growth on exposed human epidermis. Testing indicates that SCP-5548 requires an electrical connection and working faucet, though the exact conditions that cause its anomalous effect are not currently understood. 

SCP-5548-1 is the corpse of Daniel Davis, which remains in a constant state of accelerated hair growth. All other bodily functions of SCP-5548-1 have permanently ceased and the hair growth has a direct correlation to overexposure to SCP-5548 at the time of death. Weekly testing indicated that the hair growth is decelerating at a rate of .02 cm per week; this process is predicted to conclude at some point in March of 2026.

#### ****Discovery****

The Foundation was made aware of SCP-5548 shortly after it was discovered by the New Jersey State Police on 2021/03/18. SCP-5548-1 was also found within the two-bedroom apartment in the town of Long Branch. This residence was shared between Daniel Davis and his roommate Carlos Diez. An interview with Carlos Diez revealed that Mr. Davis was attempting to develop a "cure for baldness" in the form of a device installed in a shower or bathtub. This was inspired by the struggles of Mr. Davis after losing his hair at the age of 22, due to an underlying genetic condition. This was confirmed by an unsuccessful donation page on the platform kickstartme.com, created by Mr. Davis six months before his death. Carlos Diez speculated that Mr. Davis' failure to garner attention for his invention had led to increasingly erratic and irritable behavior. A recording of the events leading to the death of SCP-5548-1 was recovered from within the residence.

<details>
<summary>❏ Video Log 5548.1 ❏</summary>

**[BEGIN LOG]**

(*The camera is focused on a shower unit with SCP-5548 installed on the showerhead. Shuffling can be heard in the background.*)

**Mr. Davis:** Okay, I think we're ready. 

(*Mr. Davis steps into frame, sweat covering his hairless head.*)

**Mr. Davis:** (*Clears throat.*) Okay, so this will be the first-ever test of the HydroHair, donations have been– well non-existent, to be honest. And I know all my friends think I've lost it (*forced laughter*) but they're wrong too. This will prove it, this will change things– it just has to.

(*He holds his arm up to the camera.*) 

**Mr. Davis:** So yeah, as you can see, I've shaved my arm in preparation for the test and already installed the device.

(*Mr. Davis points towards SCP-5548.*)

**Mr. Davis:** Let's begin.

(*Stepping to the shower Mr. Davis reaches out and turns the faucet's handle approximately 90 degrees. A stream of water descends from SCP-5548.*)

**Mr. Davis:** Here goes nothing.

(*He places his arm in the stream of water and immediately begins to violently shake. Mr. Davis screams as he collapses into the shower, convulsing. After approximately 30 seconds, Mr. Davis dies, though his body convulses at a regular interval. Two minutes later his skin begins to take on a reddish hue, steam rises from the body. Ten minutes into the exposure the corpse develops a thin layer of hair.*)

**[END LOG]**

</details>

SCP-5548-1 was discovered by Carlos Diez approximately two hours after the recorded incident occurred. During the initial examination of SCP-5548, a faulty wiring connection was determined to have caused the death of Mr. Davis. Though the mechanics behind its function are unknown, SCP-5548 operates as intended barring installation error. The research notes of Mr. Davis are being processed by the Site-52 Research and Development Division and practical applications are currently under consideration.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-5547](SCP-5547) | SCP-5548 | [SCP-5549](SCP-5549) >>

=====

> **Filename:** device.jpg

> **Author:** wboykinm

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/30ba0f0a-fa1b-49ee-b337-ac05b2e2bd26

=====
