**Special Containment Procedures:** Researcher Gröd is to remain under Foundation surveillance at Site-228 as long as SCP-5287 continues to manifest.

**Description:** SCP-5287 is a phenomenon that occurs when Researcher Gröd willingly inhales smoke either from a cigar or a cigarette. Once the smoke (hereafter referred to as SCP-5287-1) has been exhaled it will typically form into various words and short phrases and start to float in the air in front of Researcher Gröd.

Upon physical interaction, instances of SCP-5287 are as malleable as non-anomalous smoke and dissipate easily.

**Notable SCP-5287-1 instances:**

> STOP

> SMOKING KILLS

> FUTURE WASTING

> STOP NOW

> CONSIDER LIFE

> *SCP-5287-1 did not manifest as usual, instead, a small cloud of smoke traveled down to the lit cigarette and remained in place until it was put out. This marks the first instance of SCP-5287-1 not manifesting as a word or phrase.*

> LUNGS SHRIVELING

> PLEASE STOP

> I BEG YOU

> CANCER IMMINENT

> DEATH STICKS

> *SCP-5287-1 manifested as a small cloud of smoke again, which moved towards Researcher Gröd's eyes and caused him to wave it away, putting out his cigarette with the movement.*

> WARNING YOU

> REALLY WILL DO IT

> WARNED YOU

**Incident 5287.1:** During an experiment the following SCP-5287-1 instance manifested: "SORRY". Following this test, Researcher Gröd blew more smoke from his cigarette. Instead of forming a phrase, SCP-5287-1 took the form of a human arm and broke Researcher Gröd's right index and middle finger, in which he held his cigarette.  

To prevent future incidents experiments with SCP-5287 are discontinued and Researcher Gröd has been assigned to visit the on-site psychiatrist weekly to help him quit smoking. Additionally, Researcher Gröd has been supplied with a vaporizer pen to help curb his smoking habit.

<< [SCP-5286](SCP-5286) | SCP-5287 | [SCP-5288](SCP-5288) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
