You can check out more of my works here:

[cremo](cremo)

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5564 is to be contained in a soundproof containment chamber at [Site-228](scp-5287)'s Humanoid Containment Wing. Discussion is not allowed in the close proximity of SCP-5564's containment chamber.

**Description:** SCP-5564 is the disembodied head of an unidentified male human. SCP-5564 does not decompose and despite its lack of vocal organs, it has the ability to speak.

SCP-5564's anomalous properties will be triggered if all the following criteria are present:

* There are at least two individuals (hereafter referred to as subjects) in SCP-5564's hearing distance.

* Each subject has a statement and these statements are opposing each other.

* Both subjects believe that their statement is true.

If SCP-5564's anomalous properties are triggered it will say the following: "The time for words is over. Let the deeds speak." When SCP-5564 finished the last sentence the environment around SCP-5564 and the subjects (regardless of the environment's size and composition) will transfigure into a 10 meters long and 5 meters wide football field, with all types of equipment that should be present on an average football field.

SCP-5564 and the subjects will be in the middle of the field. Then they will start to play soccer while they use SCP-5564 instead of a ball. SCP-5564 will remain intact during the entire match. The match will end when one of the subjects scores ten goals. When the match is over the statement of the winner will be true, even if it was proven to be false before the match.  

The subjects during the match unable to cheat and unable to let each other win. Only the two subjects and SCP-5564 remain on the football field during the match, other individuals won't be able to enter the field and intervene.

<details>
<summary>●Experiment log●</summary>

| **Subject-A** | **Statement-A** | **Subject-B** | **Statement-B** | **Winner** | **Result** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| D-8567 who suffers from Cotard delusion.A rare mental disorder in which the affected persons hold the delusional belief that they are deceased or don't even exist.  | D-8567 is deceased. | Dr. Loom, on-site psychologist. | D-8567 is alive. | D-8567 | D-8567 has no vital signs, but he is still conscious and able to move his body parts. |
| Dr. Kraf, Site-19 personnel who suffers from lung cancer. | Dr. Kraf has lung cancer. | Junior Researcher Jum. Before the test, he was informed that Dr. Kraf has no lung cancer, he just believes he has it because of hypochondria. | Dr. Kraf doesn't have lung cancer, it's just hypochondria. | Junior Researcher Jum | The malignant cell growths in Dr. Kraf's lungs are no longer present, but Dr. Kraf believes he still has lung cancer. |
| Dr. Bonjaro | It is unacceptable for D-Class personnel to call Foundation personnel "doc". | D-1462 | It is acceptable to call Foundation personal "doc". | D-1462 | Several D-Class personnel has a tendency to refer to Foundation personnel as “doc” since D-1462 won. |
| D-8567 | D-8567 is deceased. | Researcher Kőme, member of Site-228's soccer team and he has no information about the previous test with D-8567. | D-8567 is alive. | Researcher Kőme | D-8567 has vital signs again, but the Cotard delusion is still present. |
</details>

<details>
<summary>● Interview log ●</summary>

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5564

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Cren

> ----

> **[Begin log]**

> 

> **Dr. Cren:** First of all, let's start with a simple question. What is your real name 5564?

> 

> **SCP-5564:** My name is... Oh... Sorry I have no idea what is my name if I have one, so 5564 will be fine I guess.

> 

> **Dr. Cren:** Alright. Do you remember what happened to you? I mean how you...

> 

> **SCP-5564:** Became a talking head? It's not important. I'm just only able to remember my current origin and my origin story has been rewritten at least once.

> 

> **Dr. Cren:** What do you mean?

> 

> **SCP-5564:** Some explorers found me in an Aztec tomb and they started to argue about my origin and in a nutshell, I am the avatar of an Aztec god but I have no idea which one.

> 

> **Dr. Cren:** Hm... So these events are able to affect your entire existence. I thought if something is immune to this reality-changing effect of these events it must be you.

> 

>  **SCP-5564:** No, I'm not above the rules and I think that's fair.

> 

> **Dr. Cren:** You can control the activation of these events or it's automatically starting when you hear an argument?

> 

> **SCP-5564:** It's totally automatic, I have no control over it. I'm just a tool.

> 

> **Dr. Cren:** You have any idea why you have to do this?

> 

> **SCP-5564:** No. The only thing that I know is that I help people to reach what they want. They don't have to be rich, famous, healthy, or strong. They just have to believe that they are right and their opponents are wrong. That's all they need, and I know that sounds really weird, but I enjoy my role in this.

> 

> **Dr. Cren:** So, your current condition is not a punishment for you.

> 

> **SCP-5564:** If it's a punishment then they really screwed up because I enjoy it.

> 

>  **[End log]**

</details>

<< [SCP-5563](SCP-5563) | SCP-5564 | [SCP-5565](SCP-5565) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
