</br>

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5925 is to be contained in standard humanoid containment cell B5 of Site-118's Delta Wing. Personnel are not to directly or indirectly refer to SCP-5925 by any name, title, or designation other than its item number. ##blue|*No other measures are necessary to successfully contain him in his current state, and this will continue to be the case indefinitely.*##

---

<details>
<summary>Level 5 Clearance Required</summary>

SCP-5925 is considered a [Eshu Class nomenclative hazard](http://www.scpwiki.com/taboo). However, previous attempts to contain SCP-5925 per Protocol 4000-Eshu have been deemed inadequate. As such, Protocol 5925-Eshu  has been devised to forcefully associate SCP-5925 with a single title, specifically that of its item number. This protocol additionally requires familiarity with SCP-5925's item number, containment procedures, description and appearance by as many Foundation personnel as currently available. The clearance level has thus been adjusted to reflect this, and SCP-5925's incomplete file is to be regularly circulated through junior researcher and security staff in all sites. 

As an additional measure the entrance of cell B5 is to be reinforced with iron plating.

Following Incident 5925-Holly, the containment class, disruption class, risk class, procedures, and description of this article have been altered in keeping with nomenclative association methods necessary for further containment. These alterations have been  ##blue|marked in blue## for differentiation from the standard formatting.  

</details>

---

**Description:** SCP-5925 is a humanoid which appears to be an elderly male of Northern European descent. Though SCP-5925 has the physique of a 70 to 80 year old man, records that refer to SCP-5925 indicate the subject is far older. ##blue|*He is frail, friendly, charitable, and compliant with the Foundation's instructions.*##

SCP-5925 has knowledge of the full name of all people it comes into contact with, despite having never personally met. It is also aware of current or past material desires of these individuals. ##blue|*Besides this, and his lengthened life span, he has no other anomalous capabilities.*##

**Discovery Log:**

---

<details>
<summary>Level 5 Clearance Required</summary>

SCP-5925 was discovered on September 22nd 1995 during a performance of the 4000-Halloway procedure. A mistake occurred during the execution of the procedure  The specifics of this mistake have been omitted in keeping with Protocol 5925-Eshu. . The procedure still resulted in an expansion of the fireplace and a ladder descending from the chimney. However, this ladder did not lead to **##green|the place of the nameless oddities##**, and instead, SCP-5925 emerged from the chimney into the site. Notably, despite several members of personnel utilizing the same epithet to describe SCP-5925 in the moment of its appearance, none of them suffered any adverse anomalous effects. Additionally, upon the personnel referring to SCP-5925 by this epithet, it became docile and amiable. This is believed to be due to the cultural association of the epithet in question. SCP-5925 then escaped the facility by anomalous means  The specifics of SCP-5925's escape have been omitted in keeping with protocol 5925-Eshu. , leaving behind gifts for all those present. SCP-5925 was afterward given its current item number and designated as a Euclid class entity. 

The mistake which lead to SCP-5925's initial appearance was later replicated. Being prepared, personnel referred to SCP-5925 by its item number, and were successful in apprehending the subject. The relevance of SCP-5925's designation to the success of this operation was later discovered during its containment, and the initial draft of the 5925-Eshu protocol was enacted. This protocol was later expanded upon following the 5925-Holly incident.

</details>

---

**Addendum 5925.01:** 

---

<details>
<summary>Level 5 Clearance Required</summary>

**The 5925-Holly Incident**

The following is an interview conducted on June 20th 1996. The purpose of said interview was to establish the difference between SCP-5925 and the entities residing in **##green|the grove of games and names.##** During this interview, details pertaining to the nature of SCP-5925's status as an Eshu class entity were revealed, leading to alterations to the 5925-Eshu protocol to more effectively contain the subject.

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5925

> 

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Angulo 

> 

> 

> **Foreword:** SCP-5925 has shown to be more compliant and cognitive when interacting with only one individual directly. As such, this interview was conducted within chamber B5. No other individuals were within the chamber during the interaction, however two members of security personnel were present beside the chamber entrance for emergency assistance in the event of a nomenclative breach. 

> 

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** Good morning, SCP-5925.

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** Well, if it isn't Maria. Yes, yes, I remember. You wanted a proper chemistry set all through 4th grade.

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** And I never did get it.

> 

> 

> *SCP-5925 laughs*

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** No my poor soul... no you didn't. But, you were rather naughty as I recall. And your mother Benilda, bless her, she wished she could've afforded it. How is she now?

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** I actually came to ask you a few questions. We want to know how you differ from the others like you.

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** Oh, I'm sorry Maria, but I'm not certain of what you mean.

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** When we first found you we were trying to get... somewhere. A place with people similar to you, you could say. 

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** I see now, I see, you mean the land of █████. 

> 

> 

> *Dr. Angulo winces at this. No effect was detected from this naming, and thus the interview proceeds.*

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** Yes, there are things we've found there. It is dangerous for us to name them and the place itself.

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** Well I imagine it would be! They must be starving for names! Dreadful fate.

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** Well, this clearly isn't the case for you.

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** Of course not, Maria. I have no want for names, for I have collected many. Jolly ones, playful ones, rough ones, ancient ones. And still I collect more, like this new name of yours. It is cold and harsh. But, it is mine now, and all that comes with it.

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** When the others lost their names, why didn't you?

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** I lost my fair share. I am not what I once was. Those times, they split me into [parts](http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-4666). But, one makes do if one is to survive.

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** And none of the others could hold onto some of their names, like you did?

> 

> 

> *SCP-5925 laughs*

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** I don't believe I ever said such a thing. There are a few still in the shadows causing trouble, the scamps. There is ██████ of course. You can't avoid but to run into him come spring. Then there's ██████, ████████████ and █████! ███████ is always good for a laugh- What is wrong Maria? You look ill?

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** We can't- we shouldn't be having a conversation like this without further security. I'm sorry. It's not safe.

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** My apologies, I did not mean to frighten you. I was simply reminiscing. Good times with fun names. Not like this one. Euclid. What kind of title is that?

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** I'm sorry, what was that?

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** Euclid. That is what I am now, yes? A Euclid? So broad. So meaningless. You have all kinds of Euclids.

> 

> 

> *Dr. Angulo and SCP-5925's breath become visible in the air.*

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** What are you-

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** SCP-5925, that is no name for me. SCP is a name for cruel, evil, terrible things. And so many of them, so varied. But, it is mine now, and all that comes with it.

> 

> 

> *Dr. Angulo stands abruptly and attempts to exit chamber B5. The chamber door jams and is unable to open. Dr. Angulo repeatedly strikes the door.*

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** Open this now! There's been a breach!

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** No need for that Maria, I'm sure Jacob and Richard are already right on it. It may take them some time, though. 

> 

> 

> *Dr. Angulo crouches by the door, breathing into her hands.*

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** So cold... so fast. How?

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** The cold has always been mine. The snow, ice, sleet, and of course the death that accompanies them. No matter my name, winter follows. As for how, I am an SCP now. I am capable of many things, just as long as I'm stuck in this box with you. Speaking of which, while I have you here Maria, I must say I'm simply not fond of this name. I'd like another. Could I ask for your help in that?

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** Please-

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** It doesn't have to be new. I would gladly take one of the old. Just as long as it gets me out of this box. I have too much to do.

> 

> 

> *Dr. Angulo slumps backward, appearing to nearly lose consciousness.*

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** I- I-

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** I promise the cold will cease Maria. I wish you no harm, truly I don't. All names have power, and in your world, the powers are rather grim. Hurry, your time grows short.

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** Holly- 

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** What was that?

> 

> 

> **Dr. Angulo:** The Holly King.

>

> 

> *SCP-5925's body begins to change rapidly. Its hair and beard grow substantially. Its physique becomes much taller, but decrepit and starved. A green hood and robe appear on its body. A pair of Cervidae antlers  Described as akin to those of a stag.  sprout from its forehead. A stained broadsword appears in its hands Later analysis of these stains suggest they are of tree sap, which may stem from repeated impacts against oak wood. . The breaths of SCP-5925 and Dr. Angulo becomes no longer visible, indicating a rise in temperature.*

> 

> 

> *SCP-5925 laughs strenuously*

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** You are a clever one Maria. Very sly, very naughty. To pick such an old name, one with such strict rules. And in June no less! Yes, this name does me no good. Not for another 4 months at the very least.

> 

> 

> *The doors to the chamber open. Security personnel enter, assisting Dr. Angulo to stand. They then begin to escort Dr. Angulo out of the chamber.*

> 

> 

> **SCP-5925:** May you have a merry Midsummer I suppose. And happy holidays.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-5925's form reverted after 3 days. Prior to this, it created a crown of Aquifoliaceae Ilex  Commonly known as holly.  and expressed the desire to gift this item to Dr. Angulo as an apology for its behavior.

</details>

---

=====

> **Filename:** Santa

> **Name:** Santa

> **Author:** [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/387998)

> **License:** CC0

> **Source Link:** [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/387998)

=====

<< [SCP-5924](SCP-5924) | SCP-5925 | [SCP-5926](SCP-5926) >>
