**Item #:** SCP-5263

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The entire floor of SCP-5263 is to be cordoned off from the public. All civilians who have inhabited the premises of SCP-5263 within the past three years are to be quarantined at Site-65-J and observed for possible memetic hazards.

The building in which SCP-5263 is located will have its access to the third floor restricted from members of the public. Elevator and stairwell access have been sealed off, with extra steel doors installed over the fire escapes and all windows boarded off from public view.

The Chairman of Shobi Printing Private Limited, Mr. Myojo (henceforth designated PoI-5263), will be detained until further notice. Under no circumstances will he be allowed to interact with his former employees.

**Description:** SCP-5263 refers to the headquarters and offices of Shobi Printing Pte. Ltd., which was a small municipal company voted in 2018 as "The Best Printing Company in Yokohama" by a local newspaper. At the time of containment, the company had over a hundred employees.

During the official working hours of the company (listed as 0800 to 2200 hrs), SCP-5263 exhibits a memetic effect that regulates the emotional and physical well-being of its inhabitants, including  extraneous feelings of joy or sadness, the morale of employees and general attitudes towards life, to the extent where an equilibrative state is always achieved after prolonged exposure.

The effect appears to gradually wear off after employees leave the premises, making detection in the local populace difficult.

---

#### LOG OF CC-TV-01, AUGUST 17TH 2019

**Foreword:** The audio in the subsequent logs has been translated from Japanese.

> 

> [The timestamp reads 08:05:01].

> 

> [Camera shows rows of desks and cabinets in a confined office space. At the forefront is a tiny carpeted space where about 30 employees are standing a metre apart, their arms outstretched to either side.]

> 

> [At the front of the crowd is the Chairperson of the company, Mr. Myojo, dressed in a full office suit and tie.]

> 

> **Mr. Myojo:** Everyone, together now! To the left!

> 

> [The employees turn 90 degrees to the left in unison, stretching their arms and bodies forward, and bending at the waist.]

> 

> **Mr. Myojo:** To the right!

> 

> [The employees comply, but in the opposite direction.]

> 

> **Mr. Myojo:** And back to the front! Thank you, everyone. We will now move on to morning announcements.

> 

> [The employees merely stand and wait expectantly.]

> 

> **Mr. Myojo:** Miyagi-san has been promoted to a Rank-S General Manager. Please give him your fullest support. 

> 

> [There is a smattering of polite applause from the employees.]

> 

> **Mr. Myojo:** I am also pleased to announce that Miyamoto-san is now a father. His wife gave birth to a baby girl just last night.

> 

> [There is a smattering of polite applause.]

> 

> **Mr. Myojo:** Our sales figures have improved by 13% since last week. Because of our phenomenal performance, every employee will be entitled to an additional week of vacation leave this year. Congratulations!

> 

> [There is a smattering of polite applause.]

> 

> **Mr. Myojo:** Lastly, it is with sad news that I announce Minamoto-san's parents passed away last night. He is taking time off to compose himself, but let us give him our deepest condolences.

> 

> [There is a smattering of polite applause.]

> 

> **Mr. Myojo:** Remember, it is only by our combined sacrifice and efforts that we can achieve the greatest printing quality for our fellow citizens. It cannot be helped otherwise.

> 

> **Everyone:** It cannot be helped otherwise.

> 

> [The log ends as employees turn and head back to their desks.]

> 

> [The timestamp reads 08:09:56].

> 

**Afterword:** CC-TV footage shows this morning segment reoccurring over the past three years, with only slight variations in the content of announcements.

---

#### LOG OF CC-TV-02, AUGUST 18TH 2019

> 

> [The camera is taken from a different angle within the office. Two employees are in the foreground, talking.]

> 

> **Employee 1:** Congratulations on your success. You must be proud it's a girl.

> 

> **Employee 2:** Thank you. Yes, I am very happy.

> 

> **Employee 1:** Are you excited about being a father?

> 

> **Employee 2:** Yes. I am very excited.

> 

> **Employee 2:** You know, I have two children myself.

> 

> **Employee 1:** How do you make time for your family at home?

> 

> [Employee 2 shrugs.]

> 

> **Employee 2:** Ah, it cannot be helped most of the time.

> 

> **Employee 1:** (nods) It is hard for it to be helped most of the time.

> 

> [There is a long silence as they stare at each other, before they return to their desks.]

> 

---

#### LOG OF CC-TV-03, AUGUST 20TH 2019

> 

> [The camera is taken from another angle in the office, by the water cooler.

> 

> **Employee 3:** How is Miki doing?

> 

> **Employee 4:** I brought her to the vet yesterday.

> 

> **Employee 3:** Is her condition serious?

> 

> [Employee 4 takes a sip of coffee from her mug.]

> 

> **Employee 4:** I think maybe my Miki might still be alive.

> 

> **Employee 3:** I see. I guess it cannot be helped.

> 

> [Employee 4 nods. There is a long silence as they stare at each other, before returning to their desks.]

> 

---

#### LOG OF CC-TV-01, AUGUST 22TH 2019

**Foreword:** On the morning of August 30th, a 7.6 magnitude earthquake struck the center of Yokohama City.

> 

> [Employees are seen walking about the office as usual when the camera begins to vibrate.]

> 

> [There is initial panic as employees begin heading towards the exits, whilst others climb under their desks for cover.]

> 

> [A few seconds later, everyone freezes simultaneously, then begins returning to their daily tasks.]

> 

> [The office furniture continues to shake violently, with paperwork falling off desks and the sprinkler system eventually going off, as employees continue using the photocopier and making polite chit-chat.]

> 

> **All:** It cannot be helped.

> 

**Discovery:** On the morning of August 16, 2019, Mr. Minamoto, an employee of the company, was observed to have received a telephone call at his desk, informing him that his parents had passed away within minutes of one another.

Mr. Minamoto was seen to be silent and calm, before bursting into tears. The rest of his colleagues turned to stare briefly before returning to their work. Mr. Minamoto quickly composed himself, appearing on camera to physically force himself up from his desk. 

He was then seen entering Mr. Myojo's office. Camera footage cut off for approximately three minutes and five seconds before Mr. Minamoto emerged composed and with a neutral expression on his face. He returned to his desk to resume his work.

The following day, Mr. Minamoto was absent from all CC-TV footage. His body was later discovered hanging from the ceiling of his apartment, with a note left behind that read, "It cannot be helped."

The CEO of the company, Mr. Myojo, was later apprehended by local law enforcement on the charges of "dereliction of duty" and violation of local labour laws. The Foundation continues to investigate if SCP-5263's effects have been localised or spread to other parts of the country.

<< [SCP-5262](SCP-5262) | SCP-5263 | [SCP-5264](SCP-5264) >>

> **Filename:** nail.jpg

> **Name:** National Consumer Affairs Center of Japan (Kokusen), Tokyo Office, 2018.jpg

> **Author:** Whym

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:National_Consumer_Affairs_Center_of_Japan_(Kokusen),_Tokyo_Office,_2018.jpg)
