**Item #:** SCP-5603

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ Pending

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5603 is kept in a standard containment cell at Site-17. SCP-5603 is presently under 24/7 video surveillance, with all Activation Phases to be recorded. Any abnormal behavior demonstrated by SCP-5603 is to be immediately reported to the project head.

**Description:** SCP-5603 is a vintage billiard table measuring 2.6 m in length and 1.5 m in width as well as the collection of billiard equipment associated with it; equipment consists of a full set of billiard balls, a rack, two cue sticks, a chalk, and a bridge. While SCP-5603 is slightly worn, the equipment itself is in pristine condition. SCP-5603 and the equipment share the same property of being resistant to all attempts to damage them. The equipment is also affixed to SCP-5603 and cannot be separated from it by artificial means. ~~Other than this, SCP-5603 has demonstrated no additional anomalous properties~~ (See Incident 5603-1).

The equipment on SCP-5603 is positioned as followed: The balls are arranged inside the rack, with foot spot intersecting with the foot line; the cue ball is in the center of the head spot being exactly perpendicular with the foot spot; the cue sticks lean against the left side of SCP-5603 with the collars pointing upwards; the bridge leans on the bottom-right corner of SCP-5603 with the head pointing down; and finally the chalk rests on the bottom-right corner of the foot rail. Normally, the equipment will remain motionless unless undergoing an Activation Phase.

An 'Activation Phase' entails when the cue sticks become autonomous and hover 1.5 m in the air. The rack will be lifted from the balls and be placed on the side rail. The chalk will be lifted up and rubbed against both tips of the cue sticks. The bridge will remain at the corner and has not been moved from its position to date. The cue sticks will then interact with the billiard balls as if initiating a game of pool. The game that has been most consistently played thus far is Straight Pool, but occasionally other games such as Eight-Ball, Nine-Ball, One-Pocket and Bank-Pool were witnessed to be played as well. 

Attempting to physically halt or impede the equipment during an Activation Phase has been met with failure, as the objects have exhibited a much greater density and force than its material should allow. Tilting SCP-5603 sideways or upside down will cause the equipment to become reoriented during play. These Activation Phases have occurred at random intervals with no discernible pattern; the number of games played during each Activation Phase is also random. Following the conclusion of an Activation Phase, the equipment will be repositioned as they were prior and will reaffix itself to SCP-5603.

SCP-5603 was recovered from the basement of a dilapidated house in Eugene, Oregon, after a couple of urban explorers reported SCP-5603 to local police, believing it to be haunted by ghosts. A Foundation agent embedded in the police department intercepted the call and after confirmation from video evidence gained from the explorers, SCP-5603 was taken to custody. All witnesses were administered Class-A amnestics.

**Incident 5603-1:** On 08/04/2011, [Doctor Harold Barrs](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5070) was assisting the research team in conducting experiments on SCP-5603 when his tie was accidently caught in the side pocket. He attempted to free his tie when one of the cue sticks struck the cue ball into the same pocket. Dr. Barrs body became heavily spatially distorted before being pulled into the pocket. The test was immediately cancelled, and an inspection of SCP-5603's internal compartment found no traces of the doctor.

Dr. Barrs returned the day after, crashing through the ceiling of the containment cellFoundation personnel in the room above claimed that Dr. Barrs suddenly manifested at the same time a section of the floor spontaneously shattered, creating a circular hole and landing directly on SCP-5603. Dr. Barrs suffered minor bruising and muscle sprains but was otherwise in good physical health. 

Security entered the room and apprehended Dr. Barrs, after confirming his identity he was questioned on what occurred to him after his disappearance. Dr. Barrs stated he was brought into a large space of what he assumed to be of extra-dimensional origin. He saw multiple enormous entities engaging in conversation when they noticed him and forced him back to this dimension with mild annoyance. The body camera Dr. Barrs was wearing captured the entire incident.

<details>
<summary>+ ACCESS SCP:/5603/incident/Harold Barrs </summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> *SCP-5603 is mid-way through its Activation Phase, half of the balls have been pocketed. Multiple members of the research team are observing SCP-5603; Dr. Barrs, upon setting the SRAScranton Reality Anchor underneath the anomaly, gestures to Dr. Henn.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** Alright, turn it on.

> 

> *Dr. Henn presses a button on the remote activating the SRA. SCP-5603 resumes anomalous activity. Dr. Barrs sighs.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** I suspected this would happen. 5603 doesn't have any Hume irregularities, I don't understand why they thought this was even necessary.

> 

> **Dr. Henn:** At least it's a definite confirmation the anomaly isn't ontokinetic-based. But yeah, I get the feeling. This is very tame.

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** Let's be grateful for that. Turn it off, now. We still have a couple of tests left.

> 

> *Dr. Henn deactivates the SRA. Dr. Barrs crouches and grabs onto the SRA; he attempts to stand up but experiences severe back pain. Dr. Barrs strains and emits a vocalization of pain; he lurches forward and gets his tie stuck inside the pocket.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** Help! Come and help. God!

> 

> *Dr. Henn and another researcher rush to Dr. Barrs and assist in placing the SRA on the floor. A cue stick angles itself to the cue ball, preparing to strike billiard ball #3.*

> 

> **Dr. Henn:** Woah, woah easy. You alright?

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** I'm fine, it was heavier than thought. My back stings.

> 

> **Dr. Henn:** I can call the medic.

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** Don't be hasty, just need some rest. Can you move- 

> 

> *Dr. Barrs moves his head to face Dr. Henn but is pulled back. He notices his tie is stuck and sees the cue stick preparing to make contact with the cue ball. The cue stick strikes the cue ball which bounces off billiard ball #3, into the pocket. As the ball enters the pocket, the tie stretches and contorts as it is pulled into SCP-5603.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** What in the hell!

> 

> **Dr. Henn:** Take it off, take it off!

> 

> *Dr. Barrs grasps the knot in his tie but is stunned that the room and everything inside it is undergoing severe spatial distortions; portions of the ceiling, wall and floor ripple and spiral constantly, all personnel are either stretched vertically or horizontally. The only objects that are not affected are Dr. Barrs and SCP-5603. Approximately after five seconds Dr. Barrs is then violently pulled in the pocket.*

> 

> *The camera view changes to an interior of a tunnel made from dust, streaks of colored light and rock. Gaping holes in the tunnel reveal planets, various species of fish swimming through the ocean, the Egyptian pyramids, and a large asteroid wrapped in strands of yellow tube-like material with spherical brown boulders emerging from it. Dr. Barrs is heard screaming. The end of the tunnel is a view of a night sky. The camera feed momentarily freezes for several seconds before resuming. The camera view changes to Dr. Barrs groaning in pain as he pushes himself up from the ground, which is adorned with green cloth.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** I'm... I'm alive! Call security, Henn! The anomaly is... under my feet?

> 

> *Dr. Barrs is standing in the middle of an enormous replica of SCP-5603. The horizontal length of SCP-5603 is comparable to that of a football field while the vertical range appears to be infinite. The billiard balls are over 2 meters tall and their positions are mirrored similarly to how it was on SCP-5603 before Dr. Barrs disappearance.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** What-

> 

> *Dr. Barrs is interrupted as an enlarged cue ball is placed behind him. Dr. Barrs gasps as the camera pans upwards. The camera captures the view of a starry night sky and five entities whose appearance resemble that of constellations.*

> 

> *There are five entities: A quasi-humanoid cephalopod (5603-Squid), an irregular oval made from curving and waving lines. Two round circles are located near the end of the major axis as two eyeballs on stalks are located on the top (5603-Curve), and a humanoid in a plain button-up shirt with the words "[http:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5131 D-13131]" on the left breast (5603-Man) are watching a humanoid with gears, wires, and bolts in the outline of its figure (5603-Gear) and another humanoid with feminine features, it possess the outline of horns and wings (5603-Horns). Both are welding enormous cue sticks.//

> 

> **5603-Man:** Sorry Gears, but you pocketed the cue. That's a foul right there if I've seen one.

> 

> **5603-Gear:** Such a gross miscalculation on my part. I supposed I used too much force, I'll be sure to be more gentle next round.

> 

> *5603-Horns brings a paw to its mouth, its laughs are muffled.*

> 

> **5603-Gears:** Laugh all you want you vile beast, but keep in mind of your horrendous performance when we first started. Daresay, it hasn't improved either. Despite having domain over all your flesh you are no more capable of using your limbs than a helpless newborn!

> 

> **5603-Horns:** [Snarling]  And who are you to claim imperfection! He who has claimed knowledge of all makes the simple mistake of miscalculation? You are nothing more than a divine con-man!

> 

> **5603-Gears:** Say what you wish sister, but flesh and blood will always fall short to metal and oil.

> 

> **5603-Horns:** You dare speak ill to me, you foolish abomination of scrap! Either part with your tongue or prepare to per-

> 

> **5603-Man:** Hey. Hey! *5603-Man snaps its fingers gaining the attention of 5603-Horns and 5603-Gears.* Can you put your little feud to the side for five fucking minutes or do I have to send you all out? I'm still reeling from the last shit show.

> 

> *Dr. Barrs moves away from the cue ball and sprints, taking out his phone as he does so. He curses under his breath.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** No signal. Whatever this is... a pocket dimension in 5603? No, we'd have found it. *Dr. Barrs turns around. 5603-Horns scoffs and caresses the cue stick in its paws.*

> 

> **5603-Horns:** At ease, you summer child. We're only teasing is all, it's what siblings do. Called pocket, five in right head.

>  

> **5603-Man:** Bullshit, but alright. You certainly have an interesting way of expressing it.

> 

> **5603-Horns:** Silence, I need to concentrate.

> 

> *5603-Horns leans forwards and lines the cue stick with billiard ball #5 using its knuckles as support. 5603-Horns strikes the cue ball, Dr. Barrs nearly avoids being crushed as he jumps out of the way. The cue ball makes contact with the billiard ball; as it rolls bones and muscle emerge from the ground. The billiard ball continues to collide against these obstacles until entering the corner pocket.*

> 

> **5603-Gears:** She's correct. We are always at odds with each other, but do not conflate that with hatred. I know the stories of old will say otherwise, but the writers never understood the full picture of our story.

> 

> **5603-Squid:** If what you're saying is true, why are your followers still engaging in endless bickering and bloodshed then? Surely it'd be best for everybody involved to speak the truth?

> 

> **5603-Curve:** [Wet Gurgling].

> 

> **5603-Gears:** We do not hold the same connection to our children as we did in the past. We cannot directly speak to them, maybe a faint whisper but nothing more. They are on their own path now. Even if we did manage to get them to heed our word, I fear they would not listen. I dread it's too late to turn things around.

> 

> **5603-Squid:** That sounds horrible. I can't imagine having to go through that. You two have my sympathies.

> 

> **5603-Man:** Yeah, that's quite a crappy hand of cards you got there. So... did that whole thing about you imprisoning your sister with your own guts fake then or...

> 

> **5603-Gears:** No, that one was actually true.

> 

> **5603-Man:** Really? How the hell did she break out then? *5603-Man jabs a thumb to 5603-Horns, who is preparing to strike the cue ball again.*

> 

> **5603-Horns:** Story for another time. Called pocket, nine in left foot.

> 

> *5603-Horns strikes the cue ball and it collides with billiard ball #9. The billiard ball is hurdling in Dr. Barrs direction. Dr. Barrs attempts to flee but bones and muscle emerge from the ground around him. He moves to the left and accidentally bumps into a curved spike of bone. The spike falls to the ground at the same moment the ball collides with it. The ball's trajectory has changed course and enters the right side pocket. The bones and muscle sink into the ground.*

> 

> **5603-Horns:** WHAT?! No, I had that perfectly calculated! I demand a retrial, I didn't command that to happen!

> 

> **5603-Man:** You know the rules, Yalds. Once the ball rolls there's no take backs. 

> 

> **5603-Gears:** Yes, let me show you how to properly land a shot. Called pocket, one in right head. 

> 

> *5603-Gears moves to the right and with one arm, strikes the cue stick against the cue ball. The ball rolls until gently knocking into billiard ball #1. A section of the ground is transformed into a conveyer belt, transporting the ball straight into the corner pocket.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** *(Mutters.)* I can't stay. Got to get out. *Dr. Barrs gets up and moves to the nearest side rail; he attempts to sprint but limps in the process.*

> 

> **5603-Man:** And would you look at that, Gears won. Congratulations, you won bragging rights. With how difficult that shot looked, you earned it. 

> 

> **5603-Horns:** No it wasn't! That was beyond cheap.

> 

> **5603-Gears:** You're the one who suggested we use our essence in the game, you have no right to complain.

> 

> *5603-Horns growls, nearly breaking the cue stick in her paws until 5603-Squid speaks.*

> 

> **5603-Squid:** I don't want to interrupt your moment of fraternal love but I'm growing tired of pool. How come we don't do poker anymore? That was fun. *5603-Curve makes a repeated gesture reminiscent of nodding while gurgling loudly.*

> 

> **5603-Man:** Well, Lue. I would agree with you if it wasn't for the fact that things mysterious happen whenever we play.

> 

> **5603-Squid:** Oh? 

> 

> **5603-Man:** You already forgotten? How extra cards mysteriously get added to the deck.

> 

> **5603-Gears:** Or that some players just happen to have more chips whenever I looked away from the table.

> 

> **5603-Man:** Or maybe that certain someone throws a bitch fit whenever he or *she* loses and claims the game is rigged every. Damn. Time. *5603-Man glances at 5603-Horns. 5603-Horns folds their arms.* So no, I'm not going through that again. And since you guys didn't like the other games we're doing this instead.

> 

> **5603-Squid:** I see. Maybe we invite the others to our group instead? Perhaps their input will make these sessions more lively.

> 

> **5603-Man:** I'll bite. Have any of you guys got any suggestions on that front?

> 

> **5603-Horns:** How about JALAKÅRA? His abilities would make these games entertaining. 

> 

> **5603-Gears:** I don't believe that would be wise. While he is knowledgeable I suspect he would be more interested in rather destroying us than playing. There's always those death brothers, they have an affinity for games after all.

> 

> **5603-Man:** Sorry, I don't want my soul sucked out, thanks.

> 

> **5603-Curve:** [Wet Gurgling].

> 

> **5603-Man:** I didn't catch that, what he'd say?

> 

> **5603-Squid:** He's asking if we should invite Bobble.

> 

> **5603-Man:** Absolutely not. Hm... I heard about this dado fellow, he seems like a fun guy-

> 

> *Almost immediately, all entities except 5603-Man begin making a series of frantic disapproving gestures.*

> 

> **5603-Horns:** NO!

> 

> **5603-Gears:** Have you gone mad?!

> 

> **5603-Curve:** [Loud Whimpering]

> 

> **5603-Squid:** The moment you invite him is the moment I leave!

> 

> **5603-Man:** Wh- Out of everyone that has and ever will exist you think dado is the worst?

> 

> **5603-Horns:** Quit saying his name, you might attract him right to us!

> 

> **5603-Man:** You're all being ridiculous. He's just one man. Are you really scared of someone who can barely spell his A's, B's, and C's?

> 

> **5603-Squid:** Do not mock him, for he is no man. The feats he committed is absurd as they are horrifying. Even Scarlet himself is weary of him.

> 

> **5603-Man:** You're... You're serious.

> 

> **5603-Gears:** Let's drop the subject. Now. Even speaking about him is a bad omen.

> 

> **5603-Man:** *(Whisper)* I cannot fucking believe this. Well I guess that settles it then; everyone besides us is crazy or a complete asshole. What I would kill for a drink.

> 

> **5603-Curve:** [Wet Gurgling].

> 

> **5603-Squid:** Ho, I concur. This might be the proposition that will make our night.

> 

> **5603-Man:** *(Sighs)* What is it now?

> 

> **5603-Squid:** He's saying we should do the wagers once again.

> 

> *5603-Horns, and 5603-Gear make gestures indicating signs of agreement. 5603-Man raises his head.*

> 

> **5603-Man:** Finally! I was wondering when we were going to do this again. 

> 

> **5603-Horns:** You're one to talk, I can't wait to outdo all of you like last time.

> 

> **5603-Gears:** Oh don't be cocky, you got lucky. You want to go first, Lue?

> 

> **5603-Squid:** Sorry, but I'm afraid I'm going to sit this one out. My servants have not been providing adequate life energy recently, and I still need to save up for a gift for my [son](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2662). I heard he likes this 'video games' so I'm going to do something involving that.

> 

> **5603-Man:** Doesn't he... hate you though?

> 

> **5603-Squid:** I've... being trying to make it up to him. I like to think of it as a sorry-I-wasn't-the-best-dad-I-could-be present. 

> 

> **5603-Gears:** Oh don't be like that, Lue. you were a great father. I'm sure he'll forgive you eventually. As for the bet, I want to challenge you, dear sister. You think you can handle it? I won't think of you any different if you quit.

> 

> **5603-Horns:** Bite me.

> 

> **5603-Gears:** I challenge you to make a computer.

> 

> **5603-Horns:** Not my forte. But that won't stop me.

> 

> **5603-Gears:** Entirely constructed from flesh, and it has to work like an actual [computer](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-003) too.

> 

> **5603-Horns:** *(Gasp)* That's a crime against nature!

> 

> **5603-Gears:** You already accepted dear, try not to make a hissy fit when I win, ok?

> 

> **5603-Horns:** If that's how you want to be I challenge you to make robots!

> 

> **5603-Gears:** You do realize who you are talking to, right?

> 

> **5603-Horns:** Capable of [reproduction](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-658)!

> 

> **5603-Gears:** That's impossible! Only flesh can do that.

> 

> **5603-Horns:** I'm sure you can figure it out. Or has that brain of yours finally overheated?

> 

> **5603-Gears:** Never said I wasn't giving up.

> 

> **5603-Curve:** *(Raises a thick tendril high above itself.)* [Loud Wet Gurgling].

> 

> **5603-Squid:** Does it involve [pasta](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4503) in any way, shape or form?

> 

> **5603-Curve:** *(Lowers tendril)* [Soft Wet Gurgling].

> 

> *Dr. Barrs reaches the side rail, he jumps up multiple times before climbing onto the ledge. He rushes to the other side of the rail and stops, almost falling off. In the far distance, towering black constructs resembling skyscrapers can be seen, which are moving in a manner that would suggest respiration. Any further detail is indistinct due to the lack of lighting. Below the entities and the table appears to be a swirling spiral of smoke and yellow dust, a portion of an elongated mouth is barely visible. Dr. Barrs hyperventilates.*

> 

> **5603-Man:** Do you literally have nothing else?

> 

> **5603-Curve** [Silence].

> 

> **5603-Man:** Eh, we'll come back to you. Now to put something on the table... An elephant artist? Too predictable. A two-dimensional clown, too complicated. Oh how about reincarnating George Washington and turning him into a cherry tree?

> 

> **5603-Squid:** I'm pretty sure someone on earth has done that already.

> 

> **5603-Man:** What?! And here I thought I was the wild one. Since when did this happen? Did they get like a spell or charm another go-

> 

> *5603-Man places its hand on the table and accidentally brushes against Dr. Barrs and notices him. All entities are now aware of his presence, he tries to flee but 5603-Man grabs onto his coat and lifts him high into the air. Dr. Barrs shouts as 5603-Man visually inspects him.*

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** Oh god, no, no!

> 

> **5603-Squid:** What is this time?

> 

> **5603-Man:** It's a cockroach, I think. It feels fuzzy.

> 

> **5603-Squid:** That's another one. I thought we'd had all those holes plugged, apparently not.

> 

> **5603-Man:** I'll fix it as soon as I can. *(Turns to face Dr. Barrs.)* Now what do we do with you?

> 

> **Dr. Barrs:** I don't mean any trouble! Let's talk about this-

> 

> **5603-Horns:** The noise its making is grating. Give it to me, I'll gladly take it off your hands. I'm getting hungry anyways.

> 

> **5603-Gears:** That's barbaric. Why not keep it as a pet? We could always use more company.

> 

> **5603-Man:** No, no. We don't know where this thing's been. I'm getting rid of it before it shits on the table or something. You know what? hand me that stick, Gears. I got an idea. Calling side pocket.

> 

> *5603-Man lowers Dr. Barrs and drops him on the ground. Dr. Barrs lands on his back and becomes disoriented from the pain. He slowly stands up to see 5603-Man on the opposite end of the table, it is aiming the tip of the cue stick towards his chest. Dr. Barrs backs away which only prompts 5603-Man to lean forward.*

> 

> **5603-Man:** Line up the shot, keep the hand steady annnnnnd there!

> 

> *5603-Man thrusts the cue stick against Dr. Barrs chest, cracking the lens of the camera in the process. The momentum pushes him back and causes him to fall in the side pocket. Dr, Barrs screams as he enters the same tunnel as before; he continues falling for a period of ten minutes before manifesting in the site and landing on SCP-5603. Dr. Barrs remains on SCP-5603 until the security team arrives and escorts him out of the cell.*

>

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

Attempts to recreate the event that led to Incident 5603-1 has been met with failure. As a result, SCP-5603's object class was changed from Safe to Pending until the meaning of the contents regarding the footage could be ascertained.

<< [SCP-5602](SCP-5602) | SCP-5603 | [SCP-5604](SCP-5604) >>
