(played by Researcher Nhật Minh) (right) during Group Date-1, taken by "the Chaos Insurgency" (played by Researcher Kei Alaister)  ]]

**Item #:** SCP-5513

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation AI Bot Love.aic is to monitor and, summarily, shutdown webpages that depict the following: 

1. Artistic renderings of the SCP Foundation logo and/or personnel engaged in compromising positions with SCP-5513. 

2. Fictional writings or articles based on a hypothetical relationship between the SCP Foundation and SCP-5513.

SCP-5513 is to be held in an intermediate-level reality bender human containment suite outfitted with Level-4 thaumaturgical reality dampeners. Any request by SCP-5513 for an interview, “date,” or interrogation must be held in an appropriately designed reality-controlled cell. 

No Foundation personnel may reveal their face to SCP-5513. As such, security personnel must wear full black headgear. 

Assigned researchers who conduct the interrogation must wear a full-faced plate mask inscribed with the logos of various anomalous associated agencies such as the SCP Foundation, Global Occult Coalition, or Chaos Insurgency. The assigned researcher must follow a pre-generated script written by Foundation-employed romance authors. 

**Description:** SCP-5513 is a 19 year old female reality bending humanoid of Japanese ethnicity  who refers to itself by the name "Kanako Nanami."

SCP-5513 believes that it exists within a “romance simulation video game" Known colloquially as a “dating sim" and prejudiciously behaves with other individuals as if they were characters in this game. Furthermore, its reality bending ability distorts the local environment to fit in with this preconception.

SCP-5513 abnormally conceptualizes the concepts of individuality and institutionality; it conjectures that the ethos of entire organizations are wholly personified by those wearing masks of said organization and disregards those that do not fit within this framework as “side characters." Practically, this is how SCP-5513 refers to security personnel and other extant individuals

Periodically, SCP-5513 requests for a “hangout,” “get-together,” or “date” with one of the humanized organizations and this request may be granted in a secured cell. 

Once in the cell, the walls, floor, and ceiling warp into several possible layouts. At this time, the assigned researcher must act in an exaggerated, oversimplified manner that is congruent with the expectations of SCP-5513 ie. that of a stereotypical, overemotive romance character. . 

The following are some examples of SCP-5513’s intermediate-level reality bending; 

> **Standard Humanoid Reality Alteration Report**

> 

> **Subject**: SCP-5513

> 

> **Change on Reality**: ✓ Environment : ✕ Personnel 

> 

> **Location and Time**: Interrogation Room-14, Site-041, 01/21/2020

> 

> **Impetus**: SCP-5513's second request for a “date” with the SCP Foundation (represented by Researcher Alastair).

> 

> **Reality Change**: Upon entering the interrogation cell, the interior of the room was transformed into that of a standard American high-school classroom. Testing by Researcher Alastair has shown that the dimensions of the room were altered and the walls appeared to have dematerialized, but there still existed functional barriers within the confines of the classroom.

> 

> **Standard Humanoid Reality Alteration Report**

> 

> **Subject**: SCP-5513

> 

> **Change on Reality**: ✓ Environment : ✕ Personnel 

> 

> **Location**: Interrogation Room-14, Site-041,  03/04/2020

> 

> **Impetus**: During the end of the weekly “interview,” SCP-5513 clasped the hands of the Manna Charitable Foundation (represented by Researcher Sakura) and asked if it was possible for them to meet again soon. At that time, SCP-5513's cheeks flushed red and it tilted its head down. 

> 

> **Reality Change**: At the moment of clasping, the walls' coloration changed to pink. A light pink mist spread on the ground from an unknown source. After affirmation by Researcher Sakura, the walls reverted back to their normal gray hue. 

> 

> **Standard Humanoid Reality Alteration Report**

> 

> **Subject**: SCP-5513

> 

> **Change on Reality**: ✕ Environment :  ✓ Personnel 

> 

> **Location**: Annex Hallway 12-B, Site-041,  02/01/2020

> 

> **Impetus**: During transfer of SCP-5513 from its containment cell to the newly constructed dating chamber, SCP-5513 noticed Security Officer Izumi Takahiro without any proper headgear. SCP-5513 furrowed its brow and spoke in a low toned voice, “Ugh, I hate glitches.”

> 

> **Reality Change**: Security Officer Izumi Takahiro disappeared at the moment of eye-contact with SCP-5513. He was later found in Hong Kong, however, without memory of the incident. 

> 

The following interview was the first group interview that SCP-5513 requested with the SCP Foundation (represented by Researcher Nhật Minh), the Chaos Insurgency (represented by Researcher Kei Alastair) and the Serpent's Hand (represented by Researcher Hiro Hirokumi). 

<details>
<summary>SCP-5513 Group Date-1; Site-041</summary>

> **Recording-5513-Group Date-1**

> 

> **Date**: 04/13/2020

> 

> **Location**: Dating Chamber-1, Site-041

> 

> **Purpose**: Pacify SCP-5513 through granting its request for interviews. Identify potential unknown aspects of SCP-5513 anomalous effect. 

> 

> **Note**: SCP Researchers Minh, Alastair, and Hirokumi have been instructed to not speak or act in a clinical or professional manner and have been directed to act as personifications of their assigned organization. SCP-5513, seemingly, responds positively to this type of fanciful or otherwise whimsical conversation. 

> 

> All actions and words are assessed and tracked in real-time by an outside observation team who discreetly communicate to the researchers through ear-pieces.   

> 

> **Recording Start**: (*When SCP-5513 enters the chamber, the volumetric dimensions of the room, outwardly, alter and the walls of the chamber appear to show a beach during sunset. The floor of chamber slowly transforms from concrete to sand.*)

> 

> **SCP-5513**: Chaos! I’m so glad you came. You never really respond to my messages…(*SCP-5513 pouts and puts both hands behind its back.*)

> 

> **"Chaos Insurgency"**: Hmph! I didn’t come because of you or anything. Don’t misunderstand!

> 

> **"Serpent's Hand"**: Oh, just ignore him Kanako, you know how Chaos gets when he is in the same place as Foundation. 

> 

> **SCP-5513**: (*looks over to SCP Foundation who is sitting back on the sand, looking at the sunset*) Are you still mad SCP-senpai? I’m really sorry for doing that thing but I just wanted to let everyone see how I feel. 

> 

> **"Chaos Insurgency"**: Really! Despite her apology, you're still upset at Kanako-chan. You're as cunning as they come. (*Chaos Insurgency smacks SCP Foundation on the back of the head*) 

>  

> **"SCP Foundation"**:...Shut it Chaos...Kanako-chan you know I’m a private person. And you know I hate it when other people look at you. So anytime, any part of you pops up online, I get jealous. 

> 

> **"Serpent's Hand"**: (*knocks his elbow at Chaos Insurgency and speaks loudly*) Get a load of this guy. Who does he think he is?

> 

> **"Chaos Insurgency"**: Hey SCP, you can’t monopolize Kanako like that you know! She should be shown to anyone and everyone. How dare you keep taking down her drawings!

> 

> **SCP-5513**: Uh...uhhh...boys please, it's alright. I don’t want you to fight. I called you all out here because I wanted to talk to you. And I knew a beautiful beach would let us be free with our words...and feelings. 

> 

> **"Serpent's Hand"**: Is anything wrong Kanako-chan? 

> 

> **SCP-5513**: Thanks Serpent-kun, I wanted to talk to you first anyway. Chaos, do you want to set up a campfire? (*logs, matches, and a bag of a coal materialize*)

> 

> **"Chaos Insurgency"**: No problem, I’ll do this while that stoic SCP bums around. 

> 

> **"SCP Foundation"**: Any more words Chaos? I'll take you on if you really want. 

> 

> **"Serpent’s Hand"**: (*whispers to SCP-5513*) Just let them go at each other, they will fight no matter what happens. You know that SCP’s uptight attitude and Chao’s tsun attitude will never match.

> 

> **SCP-5513**: Thanks Serpent. I know I can count on you. 

> 

> **"Serpent’s Hand"**: So what did you want to talk about Kanako-senpai?

> 

> **SCP-5513**: It’s nothing...much. I’m gonna ask you something weird, is that alright?

> 

> **"Serpent’s Hand"**: Of course! I’m like your little brother senpai. 

> 

> **SCP-5513**: Do you know why SCP-senpai doesn’t let me put anything online regarding our relationship?

> 

> **"Serpent’s Hand"**: Onee-san, you know SCP-san more than anyone. His ice-cold attitude and love of mystery is only second to you. He understands why you put them up but he would rather you give him the drawings then sharing them to everyone. By the way Kanako-senpai, how did you manage to put them online? I want to upload some drawings too so can you show me?

> 

> **SCP-5513**: Oh Serpent-kun, you're not old enough to use the Internet yet. Your free-wheeling and openness won’t bode for it, I can assure you. 

> 

> **"Serpent’s Hand"**: (*grabs SCP-5513’s hand*) Do you want to tell me anything else Kanako-senpai?

> 

> **SCP-5513**: Nothing else. Just always remember that I love you Serpent’s Hand.

> 

> **"Serpent’s Hand"**: I love you too Kanako!

> 

> **"Chaos Insurgency"**: (*while building the campfire, SCP-5513 comes from behind Chaos Insurgency and hugs him from behind*) Hey! Cut it out Kanako!

> 

> **SCP-5513**: Thank you so much for coming Chaos. I know you hate being around SCP and you’d rather go break open a prison or something. But I really appreciate it. 

> 

> **"Chaos Insurgency"**: I-It's not that I like you or anything...I just happened to have some free time. (*SCP-5513 burrows its head into SCP Foundation’s labcoat*) Is everything alright Kanako? Who's bothering you, I’ll kick his ass!

> 

> **SCP-5513**: It’s nothing. (*mutters*) There’s just no progression.

> 

> **"Chaos Insurgency"**: *What does that mean Kanako?*

> 

> **SCP-5513**: Oh nothing Chaos. Here can you whip us up some burgers? (*ingredients for burgers materialize on the ground*)

> 

> **"Chaos Insurgency"**: ...One of these days, you better get SCP to do all this work. 

> 

> **SCP-5513**: (*walks over to SCP Foundation and sits on the sand next to him*) Are you okay?

> 

> **"SCP Foundation"**: I don’t know Kanako. I see you whispering to Serpent and Chaos over there but I’ve been sitting here by myself. 

> 

> **SCP-5513**: No, it’s not like that SCP-senpai. I called everyone here to increase their...I mean to have fun with all of once for once. 

> "

> **"SCP Foundation"**: That’s all and good, but I have a different way of having fun. (*SCP Foundation gets up and sits closer to SCP-5513 and slowly grabs its hand*) You’ve barely told me anything since the first time I met you Kanako-kun. Tell me more about yourself, you know secrets make me feel special. Especially your secrets...

> 

> **SCP-5513**: What do you want to know about SCP-senpai?

> 

> **"SCP Foundation"**: You know how I love my privacy. But I keep forgetting, where did you come from?

> 

> **SCP-5513**: Haha! Senpai? Why are you saying that? We are childhood friends and we both go to high-school together. Don’t you remember we have a math test tomorrow?

> 

> **"SCP Foundation"**: Of course, of course. It’s just my bad memory. Can you remind me what we were doing when we meet?

> 

> **SCP-5513**: SCP-senpai...before that I want to ask you something. 

> 

> **"SCP Foundation"**: What is it Kanako-kun?

> 

> **SCP-5513**: How do you feel about me?

> 

> **"SCP Foundation"**: I lik… The research team informs Researcher Nguyen to use the word “love”love you.  

> 

> **SCP-5513**: I love you too SCP-senpai. (*SCP-5513 leans forward in an attempt to kiss the inscribed face-plate, however, Researcher Nguyen instinctively moves back.*) ...I knew it…(*SCP-5513 stands up and inches back. The reality bending effects of SCP-5513 terminate.*)

> 

> All of you stop lying to me! The love meters above your head have been at 0% from the start. What am I too you? (*The ground of the dating chamber begins to lightly shake as SCP-5513 begins to cry.*)

> 

> **"Chaos Insurgency"**: (*rushes towards SCP-5513*) Kanako! What did that bastard say to you? (*Researcher Alaister bursts into flames and falls his knees. Researcher Alaister begins to scream.*)

> 

> **SCP-5513**: (*says while crying*) Oh Chaos, I’m sorry. Here I’ll fix that. (*SCP-5513 lifts its hand. The flames all across Researcher Alaister immediately vanish. The burn marks and exposed muscle start to rapidly heal.*)

> 

> **SCP-5513**: (*looks up*) Huh? The meter...

> 

> **"Serpent’s Hand"**: Kanako-senpai, I think Chaos wants some time to rest now. 

> 

> **SCP-5513**: ...yes. I’ll see you guys in school tomorrow then! I feel much better. I can't wait to see you again Chaos. 

> 

> **Recording End**

> 

> 

> **Immediate After Action Report**: Researcher Nguyen instructed to kiss SCP-5513 in the next interview, if the opportunity arises. Researcher Alaister replaced with Researcher Sanchez.

</details>

SCP-5513’s complete lack of recognition of “side characters” presents a potential avenue for permanent neutralization through various non-lethal methods. However, the apparent lucidity and awareness that SCP-5513 gains when observing “glitches” suggests that totally predictable behavior in such a negation procedure may not result. 

At this time, additional interviews will be permitted until further behavioral analysis determines whether SCP-5513’s supposed superficiality is genuine.  

On multiple occasions, SCP-5513 has referred to “end-routes.” The following document was found during SCP-5513’s cell during its eighth “interview.”

> Good ending: reverse harem end!!! need all love bars to be at 100% (SCP, Chaos, Serpent, GOC, Sarkic) ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ pain+healing=love?

> 

> Neutral ending: end up with only 1 guy (Serpent is too young, Chaos is too spicy, Sarkic *is* rich but a weirdo, GOC??) SCP-san is *hot* but doesn't open up.  

> 

> Bad ending: no progress (╥_╥), just reset and try again.

<< [SCP-5512](SCP-5512) | SCP-5513 | [SCP-5514](SCP-5514) >>
