That's , for the record. See more of his stuff [*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/sonderance-is-cool-and-smart here].

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to SCP-5640's limited range, there is no restriction on the movement of aquatic animals in the area. To avoid a Dagon-ClassDenotes an aggressive aquatic military presence. Conflict Scenario, SCP-5640 is observed continuously by researchers equipped with ATCA to identify and, if needed, counteract the growth of a Barrow Type I-minus civilizationAccording to the Barrow extension to the Kardashev Scale, Type I-minus civilizations are capable of mechanical engineering to some degree..

**Description:** SCP-5640 is a partially-submerged triangular coral reef in the Pacific Ocean. SCP-5640 emits small amounts of thaumaturgical radiation through unknown means. As a result, many of its inhabitants display conditional sapience within 400 meters of its structure.

The various resident species of SCP-5640 have been seen cooperating in ways indicative of societal relationships. Further analysis has not yet been possible; Foundation researchers are capable of communicating with said species using the recently-developed Aquatic Telepathic Communication Apparatus, but all species contacted thus far have been distrustful to the point of fleeing. Efforts to improve relations are ongoing. 

**Addendum:** Several inhabitants of SCP-5640 have become enamored with Junior Researcher Timothy Kari following a recent observational period. Video and ATCA transcription is being processed now.

**Addendum:** The following is the relevant component of the video and ATCA transcript of JR Kari's observation.

**Observational Log Transcript**

---

[BEGIN TRANSCRIPT]

*Junior Researcher Kari descends to the sea floor approximately 10 meters from the edge of SCP-5640.*

**Kari:** I'm starting my watch now. It's about 11:30 AM. Inhabitants of SCP-5640 are vacating my immediate vicinity. As usual. 

*A few minutes pass. Kari remains as motionless as possible.*

**Kari:** It is now noon. Nothing has changed. Really looking forward to the next two hours thirty. 

*More time passes. Kari blows a bubble ring to entertain himself. A juvenile parrotfish approaches.*

**Parrotfish:** Upbeast.

**Kari:** What? Hello! What?

**Parrotfish:** You, upbeast. What're you doing?

**Kari:** Oh, I was exhaling! See, I breathe air, since I don't have gills--

**Parrotfish:** Yeah, yeah, we know how upwater works. I was talking about that thing you just did. 

**Kari:** Wait, you mean this? 

*Kari blows another bubble ring. The parrotfish swims in a circle.*

**Parrotfish:** Holy shit. Eugene!Inhabitants of SCP-5640 answer solely to the names Eugene and Ethel. The names are used independently of sex. Eugene, get over here!

*A small red crab approaches slowly.*

**Crab:** Ethel, that's an upbeast. You know that, right? You're way too close. Back up.

**Parrotfish:** Yeah, I know, but it's doing this...well, just watch! Upbeast, again!

*Kari blows another bubble ring. The crab stops moving.*

**Crab:** Holy fuck.

**Parrotfish:** Right? 

**Crab:** This is huge. We've got to tell someone. 

**Parrotfish:** I mean, I told you, so my job's done. 

**Kari:** Wait, tell who? 

**Crab:** Shut up, upbeast.

*A few moments of silence. Neither animal moves.*

**Crab:** Okay, I've got it. Let's take it to the Vizier. She'll know what to do. 

**Parrotfish:** Hey, if you want to wake her up, be my guest.

*The two animals turn and move towards SCP-5640. Kari follows.*

*Once they reach the edge of SCP-5640, the crab taps its claw against a gap in the coral.*

**Crab:** Vizier! We have something amazing!

*A zebra moray emerges from the crevice, its jaws opening and closing.*

**Vizier:** And why, pray tell, have you disturbed my slumber? And with an upbeast, no less? 

**Crab:** It does this thing, Vizier, and I--

**Vizier:** Do not interrupt me. This creature's cohorts have abducted countless of our citizens. Their upvessels are omnipresent shadows over our fair habitat. There is no possible recourse for those who accept them other than the dry maw of oblivion.

*Kari blows a bubble ring. The Vizier stops talking.*

**Vizier:** … oh my.

**Parrotfish:** Right? 

**Vizier:** That is...well. This is quite a different story, now, isn't it? 

**Crab:** We're really sorry for waking you, Vizier, but it seemed important. 

**Vizier:** You have no benthic idea, my delicious little denizen. We must take it directly to the Lord. 

**Parrotfish:** Whoa, wait, 'we'? There's no way we're allowed--

**Vizier:** This is a unique circumstance. Come.

*The eel exits its crevice and heads towards the center of SCP-5640. Kari and the other animals follow.*

*The Vizier stops in front of an outcropping of rock and presses its body to the sand. The parrotfish and crab do the same.*

**Vizier:** My Lord. We have brought you a gift.

*Tentacles unfurl from the darkness under the rock. The eyes of a giant Pacific octopus are barely visible.*

**The Lord:** **WHAT IS IT?**Bolded text in ATCA transcripts indicates telepathic communication with intensity exceeding an 8 on the Adjusted Hallorann Scale.

*The Vizier flicks its tail frantically at Kari. Kari blows another bubble ring. There is silence for a moment.*

**The Lord:** **HOLY SHIT.**

**Parrotfish:** Right? 

**Crab:** Right?!

*The Vizier dashes forward and clamps its jaws down on the crab. The crab squeals in pain as the eel's teeth crush its shell.*

**Vizier:** See, my lord? 

**The Lord:** **THAT'S TIGHT AS FUCK.**

*The parrotfish swims in a small circle against the sand. The crab has stopped screaming as the Vizier eats.*

**The Lord:** **YOU. UPBEAST. WHAT DO THEY CALL YOU?**

**Kari:** Uh, Tim. Timothy, sir, Timothy Kari. 

*Kari attempts to bow. When that doesn't work, he instead blows another bubble ring.*

**The Lord:** **THAT IS NOT A NAME. FROM NOW ON, YOU WILL BE DUKE ETHEL, WIELDER OF THE UPWATER CIRCLET.**

**Kari:** Sure! Yeah, that works.

**The Lord:** **YOU HAVE PROVEN YOURSELF A TRUE FRIEND OF THE BENTHIC PEOPLE.**

**Kari:** I appreciate that, really. But I'm actually running low on, uh, upwater, so if you don't mind...

**The Lord:** **OF COURSE. ANY MEMBER OF MY COURT MAY COME AND GO AS THEY PLEASE.**

**Kari:** Oh, cool! I'll be back later. If that works for you, I mean. 

*The Lord withdraws its tentacles back under the outcropping. Since the Vizier is still eating, Kari then turns and leaves the way he came.*

**The Lord:** **ABSOLUTELY FUCKING RAD.**

[END TRANSCRIPT]

]

<< [SCP-5639](SCP-5639) | SCP-5640 | [SCP-5641](SCP-5641) >>

=====

> **Filename:** reef.jpg

> **Name:** File:Kingman_Reef_NWR._Photo_credit-_Susan_White-USFWS_(121989553).jpg

> **Author:** USFWS - Pacific Region

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-XXXX)

> **Derivative of:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Kingman_Reef_NWR._Photo_credit-_Susan_White-USFWS_(12198955306).jpg)

=====
