:root {

    ~~logo-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/grigori-karpin-s-author-page/Site-91%20Logo");

    --header-title: "            Site-91";

    --header-subtitle: "          Thaumaturgical Research";

}

/* Adjust Mobile Image Size */

@media (max-width: 479px) {

#header {

    background-size: 100px 100px;

    background-position: 1em;

}

}

**[ Hecatoncheires Cycle Hub](hecatoncheires-cycle-hub )**

@@ @@

**[ More by this author](grigori-karpin-s-author-page )**

#### **Special Containment Procedures**:

SCP-5626-1 is to be kept submerged in water, in a container made from beryllium bronze kept above freezing and below one degree Celsius.  The water must be purified continuously, both thaumaturgically and physically.  Low yield electrical current must be introduced into the submersion tank three times per hour.  

@@ @@

SCP-5626-A, -B, and -C are to be condemned and boarded up; no access is to be granted to any personnel or civilians at this time.  So long as the anomalous nature of these areas is poorly understood, all entry is prohibited.

@@ @@

Performance of SCP-5626 is to be monitored wherever possible.  Foundation webcrawler I/O METATRON is to search for and delete all posts to online forums referencing the practice.  Users having posted such material will be tracked, investigated, and detained if necessary.

@@ @@

---

#### **Description**:

SCP-5626 is a thaumaturgical ritual, Daevite in origin, intended to reshape local reality.No successful completion of SCP-5626 has deviated wildly from the physical laws of baseline reality.  Performance of SCP-5626 involves the shaping of a sculpture, thematically tied to the changes the performer wishes to make.  The actual practice of SCP-5626 is not well understood, as the only reference is [SCP-140](SCP-140) which must be examined extremely carefully due to its own anomalous effects.  

It is commonly understood that the sculpture must be malleable, and clay is often used in the construction.  Furthermore, SCP-5626 appears to be tied to certain necromantic rites (see *Discovery* below). 

SCP-5626-A, -B, and -C are confirmed to be areas where the ritual was performed.  Each is an industrial site located in Continental Europe in close proximity to a metropolitan area.  Local reality has been significantly altered in unpredictable ways within each site, and cannot be traversed safely.  

SCP-5626-1 is the only recovered instance of a sculpture tied to performance of SCP-5626.  The sculpture is formed out of clay, with steel nails driven into it at various angles.  It resembles a human hand, clenched in anger.  Despite its makeup consisting of nonanomalous clay, the sculpture is extremely resistant to damage.  Extensive testing and research of the physical and ontokinetic properties of the sculpture led to the current containment procedures, but previously the anomaly had to be stored off-site.  Touching the sculpture instantaneously transports an individual to a pocket dimension with physical laws that highly deviate from baseline reality. *[See Addendum 5626.1]*

PeriodicallySometimes as often as three times daily., the anomaly will pulse with soft blue light and will draw in any individuals within three meters of its physical location, transporting them into the pocket dimension. The containment procedures interfere with this anomalous property but will not stop the effect from taking place when touched.

@@ @@

****Discovery****:

In September of 1993, company *Proiskhozhdeniye Investitsii*Russian conglomerate owned and operated by ex-GRU Division-P Lieutenant Leonid Chernoff. began purchasing warehouse spaces in major metropolitan areas.  Routine tracking of international investments by the company was regularly performed due to its involvement in previous investigations.  On 4 September, 1993, surveillance of one such property in an industrial district of Rome revealed the scene of a ritual murder – three men and one woman were eviscerated, and their organs laid out among symbols that matched records of Daevic thaumaturgy.    The symbols and organs were centered around an empty space theorized to have held something of ritual importance, but the ritual had occurred several days before.  

Each of the corpses had been opened from the groin to the base of the throat. The wound was caused by a dull blade and was inflicted while the victim was alive, although there were no defensive wounds present on the body. The rib cages were torn open with brute force and the hearts and lungs were removed.  Inserted into each chest cavity was a totem crafted by bending the branches of a red willow sapling - each totem was of a different shape, most reminiscent of Daevic sigils but unrecognizable. 

The bodies were sat upright, their arms outstretched along their spread legs, between which laid the heart and lungs.  Each corpse’s eyelids had been severed and its eyes focused on the empty space at the center of the Daevic sigils.

<details>
<summary>Addendum 5626.1 – Action Report</summary>

****Log of Infiltration****

**MTF-Beta-777 (“Hecate’s Spear”)**

**Personnel Present**: 

*Captain Rashid al Hasin*Formerly of MTF-Omega-20 (“Thought Police”), appended to MTF-Beta-777.  Psionic Grade-3 including lie detection (Class-C divination), thought transmission, and weak precognition.

*Lieutenant Marcus Gibbs*

*Lieutenant Maria Waltham* Class-A thaumatologist.

*Sergeant Mark Kenoshi*Formerly of MTF-Tau-9 (“Bookworms”). Linguist, specializing in several dead languages including: Daevic, several Ancient Greek dialects, ancient Japanese, Sumerian and other Eurasian writing traditions. 

*Sergeant Gabriel Merced*

**Objectives**: Investigate and apprehend individual(s) performing SCP-5626 and put a halt to the ritual if possible.

**Foreword**: The other two properties were investigated, revealing two more ritual sites following a similar pattern in Manchester, England and Oslo, Norway.The three sites were designated SCP-5626-A, -B, and -C, respectively.  In Oslo, MTF personnel caught Chernoff in the middle of the ritual, having already killed the four sacrifices and in the midst of working on SCP-5626-1 with a putty knife.  Subject was covered to the elbows in blood, and his knife was bloody, leaving stained marks on the sculpture.

MTF personnel engaged with Chernoff and interrupted his sculpting.   Chernoff pulled a sidearm and was shot before he could aim at the MTF, firing a round in his spasm and prompting a flash of light from SCP-5626-1 when it was struck with a round.  The following log represents what footage was recoverable:

---

***Footage has been corrupted by the thaumaturgical energies present from the moment SCP-5626-1 activated.***

*It is unclear how much time has passed.  The MTF is on a beach surrounded by fog; it is impossible to see more than a few dozen meters inland.  The view out over the water is unimpeded.*

*First images are of a desaturated beach landscape; the colors seem significantly drained from the environment.  There are numerous identical statues of a woman on the beach, though they seem insubstantial as they are semitranslucent despite being constructed of stone.*

*Captain al Hasin checks his team and confirms all are alive and conscious.  There is no sign of the subject, Chernoff. Behind the gathered MTF forces is a wall of fog, inconspicuous as it extends from ground level into the sky.  Sergeant Gibbs throws a lit flare into the fog and it disappears immediately, despite being capable of outputting 1200 lumens.  Captain al Hasin orders the rest of the team away from the boundary.*

*Lieutenant Waltham notes footprints in the wet sand going in the opposite direction and the team begin following.*

***Footage is indecipherable due to corruption for approximately eight minutes.***

*Captain al Hasin calls a halt as he approaches train tracks that go out into the water to a breaker made of loose stones and concrete. The tracks begin somewhere beyond the boundary of the beach, shrouded in fog, and continue on past the breaker into the water towards the horizon.  The tracks are worn down through erosion and decay, but are solid when al Hasin steps onto them.  There is no sign of any purpose or use to the tracks.*

***Approximately ten minutes abridged due to corruption of the file.***

*An area of the beach is covered in discarded driftwood, along with three trunks set upright in the sand.  A loose structure built of the wood stands on the beach.  Inside the structure are four humanoid entities.  They are on their knees with their hands outstretched towards the sky, their heads bowed.   Each is apparently wailing, but with little more than croaking sounds being produced.  There are three men and one woman and each has been disfigured in some way with pale, cracked skin.  Waltham approaches the figure closest to the edge of the structure and notes that the entity’s fingers have been detached by brute force.  None of them speak or acknowledge the MTF’s presence, even when personnel kneel directly in front of them.  On closer inspection, it is apparent the humanoids’ mouths have been stuffed with brownish-red clay.*

*The footage jumps forward an indeterminate amount of time as the MTF approaches another group of four humanoid entities; these are splayed out on the beach each staring into the overcast sky.  In their left hands they hold a putty knife. The humanoids murmur in tandem but indecipherably.*

*The camera shifts and three members of the MTF squad approach another set of four, fifteen meters down the beach. They are laying face down with their heads buried in the sand. Driftwood spikes anchor each extremity but no blood is visible from this distance. Beyond that, a rock formation stands on the beach approximately twenty meters tall, stretching out from the fog towards the ocean.*

***The footage is corrupted for the next ten minutes.***

*The reverse side of rock formation is shown, revealing a cave. In the distance beyond the formation is a large humanoid statue with its arms outstretched. This statue, like the ones seen at the beginning of the footage, is translucent and devoid of all color.The large statue was not visible in earlier footage, despite the fact that the squad must have passed it on the way to their current location in the log.  In the distance, the driftwood structure is barely visible through the translucent statue.*

*al Hasin checks his carbine, and the others follow suit. The MTF approach the cave.*

***The footage is corrupted for approximately three minutes.***

*Captain al Hasin proceeds down a slightly sloped cavern floor, illuminated by flashlight affixed to his carbine.* 

*Laughing can be heard echoing through the cave.*

**Waltham**: *[Yelling]* Why don’t you shut up?

**al Hasin**: That’s enough, Lieutenant.

*al Hasin turns and looks at each of his squad, gesturing silence.*

**al Hasin**: *[Loudly]* Lieutenant Chernoff, we’d like to speak with you.

**Chernoff**: I was a Colonel by the end, you idiot!

*The squad holds on al Hasin’s hand gesture, while he scans ahead down into the cavern with his light.*

**al Hasin**: Okay, Colonel, can we talk? There doesn’t need to be more violence, we’re all stuck here.

**Chernoff**: *[Laughing]* I’m not stuck here at all, I could leave whenever I want!

**al Hasin**: Then why haven’t you?

**Chernoff**: You Foundation types are so fucking arrogant, you think you’re the ultimate authority. But my Lady will see to you.

*Chernoff bounds into the light and knocks al Hasin to the stone floor. He has been transfigured; his deformed shape is nearly two meters tall with one arm significantly larger than the other. The left side of his face is drooping in an exaggerated manner, at least five centimeters beyond the length of his jaw. His skin is the same color as the reddish brown clay SCP-5626-1 is constructed of.*

*He then approaches the remaining MTF squad. Gibbs is the first to open fire, but the other three follow suit. Numerous rounds strike the entity in the chest, digging holes in its flesh/clay. Bloody clay splashes to the stone floor and Chernoff cries out in frustration, then retreats back down into the darkness.*

*Waltham helps al Hasin to his feet.*

**Chernoff**: *[Yelling]* You think you can kill me? That’s all you do, isn’t it?

**al Hasin**: *[Leaning on Waltham]* That’s enough now! Come out and let’s talk before you bleed to death.

**Chernoff**: There is nothing to speak about.  Even if I fail, this world will be changed.  You’ve all been living on borrowed time for nearly two thousand years.  The *People* will live again and be free, and all those lost years will be reclaimed.  The surface of the Earth will be molded by Her will to better honor those long dead and forgotten. 

*Gibbs approaches the downward slope, his carbine pointed towards the echoing voice.  al Hasin motions him back, just as Chernoff leaps onto Gibbs. His englarged hand engulfs Gibbs’ head and crushes it. Chernoff laughs as he runs back down the cave, receiving several more rounds as he retreats from the MTF.*

**Waltham**: Mother fucker.

*Kenoshi bends down over Gibbs but turns away quickly, gagging.  Merced retrieves a cylindrical object from Gibbs’ utility vest and runs into the darkness.*

**Chernoff**: You’re refuse! Human garbage! The Foundation are killers, nothing more! Fascists, thugs, monsters all! You deserve everything that’s com–

*A loud blast and flaring of light interrupts the subject’s yelling, followed by a high pitched screaming. Waltham – still half carrying al Hasin – rushes towards the source of the bright illumination. Chernoff’s form is writhing on the cavern floor, bits of burnt clay falling from him. His entire body is wreathed in bright white flames and part of his torso is absent.*

**Merced**: White phosphorus. 

*The screaming increases, while Chernoff continues to roll back and forth on the stone.  Waltham pulls her sidearm and fires twice, caving in Chernoff’s burning skull. The form lays motionless and continues to burn for approximately four minutes until the footage cuts off.*

</details>

SCP-5626-A, -B, and -C evidenced significantly degraded local reality and have been closed off to the public.  Waltham surmised that interrupting the ritual at SCP-5626-C interfered with the linking of the sites – the condition of the pocket dimension and Chernoff’s degraded form indicated a corruption of SCP-5626.  If Chernoff had completed the third ritual, the geographic area bounded by the three sites would have been altered in some way.Representing roughly 30% of the land mass in Western Continental Europe. It is unclear what would have resulted had the ritual been completed.

 

Command re-established contact with MTF-Beta-777 personnel when they apparated within the building where Chernoff was confronted; personnel had only minor injuries save for Captain al Hasin’s broken tibia.  Despite the length of the recorded footage, only approximately ninety seconds had elapsed since Command lost contact with the team.

An empty hinged box made of beryllium bronze was recovered from the ritual site, with foam molding that indicated it had been used to carry SCP-5626-1.

 

Hastily scrawled instructions were also recovered, comprising a break down step-by-step of how to prepare the ritual performed.  It is unclear who wrote these instructions, but it is clear that Chernoff was using them as his bloody fingerprints were found on the document.

Studying the instructions led to the first flawed containment procedures concerning SCP-5626-1, specifically the advisement to “keep the statue away from water and electrical current.”  Several personnel were declared lost during the anomaly’s first few days at Site-91, until a comprehensive procedure was designed.  

 

Chernoff’s and Gibb’s remains were not recovered.

@@ @@

@@ @@

**[ Hecatoncheires Cycle](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/hecatoncheires-cycle-hub )**

**[ << Oh So Smart or Oh So Pleasant](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/oh-so-smart-or-oh-so-pleasant)** | **SCP-5626:The Farthest Shore** | **[ SCP-6520: Director's Eyes Only >>](scp-6520 )**

@@ @@

<< [SCP-5625](SCP-5625) | SCP-5626 | [SCP-5627](SCP-5627) >>

---

=====

> **Filename**: Otpor/Resistance

> **Author**:  Jovan Marković

> **License**:  CC BY 2.0

> **Source**: https://www.flickr.com/photos/jockeamsterdam/8166527136/

> **Additional Notes**: Edited by 

> **Filename**: Hein Semke's at work (Sculpture about World I): Camaraderie in defeat.

> **Author**: Pedro Ribeiro Simões

> **License**: CC BY 2.0

> **Source**: https://www.flickr.com/photos/46944516@N00/28978724287

> **Additional Notes**: Edited by 

> **Filename**: Foggy BeachA

> **Author**: Carl Mueller

> **License**: CC BY 2.0

> **Source**: https://www.flickr.com/photos/carl_mueller/6637124559/

> **Additional Notes**: Edited by 

> **Filename**: Foggy BeachB

> **Author**: Carl Mueller

> **License**: CC BY 2.0

> **Source**: https://www.flickr.com/photos/carl_mueller/6637128009/

> **Additional Notes**: Edited by 

> **Filename**: Piering Point

> **Author**: Christian Collins

> **License**: CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source**: https://www.flickr.com/photos/collins_family/31417111482/

> **Additional Notes**: Edited by 

> **Filename**: Beach Rock Formations

> **Author**: daveyin

> **License**: CC BY 2.0

> **Source**: https://www.flickr.com/photos/daveynin/42550814255/

> **Additional Notes**: Edited by 

> **Filename**: Perched Awkwardly

> **Author**: Quinn Dombrowski

> **License**: CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source**: https://www.flickr.com/photos/quinnanya/14646341691/

> **Additional Notes**: Edited by 

> **Filename**: Sculpted Man

> **Author**: Michael Coglan

> **License**: CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source**: https://www.flickr.com/photos/mikecogh/46798575851/

> **Additional Notes**: Edited by 

=====
