div#extra-div-1 {

    display: none;

}

 

div#extra-div-2 {

    display: none;

}

 

div#header {

    background-image: url(none);

}

:root {

--accentColor: 64,198,44;

--darkColor: 45,57,43;

}

#page-title {

    display: none;

}

/* This comes from the page titled "Hawks n Artworks" where woedenaz added the css for this effect (if I understood everything correctly) */

.Typer {

animation: blink 1.2s infinite;

}

/* KEYFRAMES */

@keyframes blink{

to{opacity: .0;}

}

@keyframes flicker {

0% {opacity: 0.9890; }5% {opacity: 0.5842; }

10% {opacity: 0.9865; }15% {opacity: 0.0412; }

20% {opacity: 0.6255; }25% {opacity: 0.3157; }

30% {opacity: 0.7328; }35% {opacity: 0.4654; }

40% {opacity: 0.9128; }45% {opacity: 0.2449; }

50% {opacity: 0.5485; }55% {opacity: 0.6438; }

60% {opacity: 0.1180; }65% {opacity: 0.9085; }

70% {opacity: 0.0266; }75% {opacity: 0.6795; }

80% {opacity: 0.7812; }85% {opacity: 0.0117; }

90% {opacity: 0.2239; }95% {opacity: 0.8897; }

100% {opacity: 0.2260; }

}

@keyframes overlay-anim {

0% {visibility: hidden; }

10% {visibility: hidden; }

11% {visibility: visible; }

50% {visibility: hidden; }

100% {visibility: hidden; }

}

@@ @@

|CONNECTION STABLE

|CLEARANCE CONFIRMED

|LANGUAGE SELECTED: ENGLISH

|DATE: 2016/09/21

> NOTE: BINARY STAR WILL OVERRIDE COMMANDS THAT ARE UNAUTHORIZED

@@> @@SHOW FILE: BINARY STAR

|DO YOU MEAN: SHOW FILE: SCP-5857 "BINARY STAR"? Y/N

@@> @@Y

|ONE (1) FILE FOUND

<details>
<summary>> OPEN FILE</summary>

****Item #:**** SCP-5857

****OBJECT CLASS:**** THAUMIEL

****SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:**** SCP-5857 IS CURRENTLY UNCONTAINABLE DUE TO CONTINUAL USE BY THE FOUNDATION AND ITS ABILITY TO FUNCTION INDEPENDENTLY.

THE CODE AND FILE OF SCP-5857 CAN BE VIEWED BY LEVEL 5 PERSONNEL AT THE DISCRETION OF O5-8. THESE ACTIONS MUST TAKE PLACE ON THE TERMINAL YOU ARE CURRENTLY USING.

****DESCRIPTION:**** SCP-5857 IS THE FOUNDATION AI "BINARY STAR" WHICH SPONTANEOUSLY DEVELOPED SENTIENCE. THE TIME SPAN AND DETAILS OF THIS PROCESS ARE CURRENTLY UNKNOWN BY BOTH SCP-5857 AND THE FOUNDATION.

SCP-5857 IS CURRENTLY INSTALLED IN ALL MANMADE EXTRATERRESTRIAL OBJECTS AND TECHNOLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ON EARTH DEVELOPED FOR SPACE OBSERVATION. AFTER GAINING ITS ANOMALOUS STATUS SCP-5857 CAN BE UPLOADED TO NEW HARDWARE REGARDLESS OF THE AVAILABLE STORAGE.

THE MAIN FUNCTIONS OF SCP-5857 ARE;

* CONTROLLING THE "BEHOLDER" PROBE LINE TO SEARCH FOR EXTRATERRESTRIAL ANOMALIES (SEE ****DEVELOPMENT**** AND ****ADDENDUM-1****)

* SAVING AND BACKING UP DATA OF ITS FINDINGS TO THE FOUNDATION DATABASE AND ITS OWN HARDWARE

* INTERCEPTING AND DELETING DATA FROM NON-FOUNDATION RECORDS

* SERVING AS A FOUNDATION REPRESENTATIVE OR PROVIDING A COMMUNICATION CHANNEL

OTHER FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY SCP-5857;

* FILTERING LOGS FOR BREVITY AND MINIMALIZING NOISE

* PERFORMING DEEP SPACE SCANS AND SENDING ALL DATA TO FOUNDATION SITES ACCORDING TO THE SET TIME INTERVAL (CURRENT INTERVAL: EVERY 24H)

* EXECUTING SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS AS A TECHNICAL ASSISTANT (NOT AVAILABLE TO ALL PERSONNEL)

* UNIT CONVERSION 

> NOTE: SCP-5857 WILL ASK FOR CONFIRMATION WHEN TRYING TO CONVERT METRIC TO IMPERIAL OR CELSIUS/KELVIN TO FAHRENHEIT SINCE IT GAINED SENTIENCE.

****DEVELOPMENT:**** SCP-5857 WAS ORIGINALLY CREATED BY O5-8 AS SOFTWARE TO FILTER AND SEND DATA FROM THE PROBES OF THE BEHOLDER LINE THAT WOULD BE LAUNCHED INTO SPACE ON 25 FEBRUARY 1955.

O5-8 WAS UNABLE TO DELIVER A CODE UP TO HIS OWN STANDARDS IN TIME FOR LAUNCH. HE REWROTE THE CODE TO WORK INDEPENDENTLY AND SELF-IMPROVE WHERE NECESSARY. WITH THESE CHANGES AND REGULAR UPDATES O5-8 WAS ABLE TO INCLUDE ALL INTENDED FEATURES. THESE FACTS WERE UNKNOWN TO THE O5-COUNCIL AT THE TIME.

THE PROBES OF THE BEHOLDER LINE WERE LAUNCHED ON 25 FEBRUARY 1955 WITH SCP-5857 IN THEIR HARDWARE AS PLANNED. ADDITIONALLY BINARY_STAR.AIC FILES WERE IMPLANTED IN THE HARDWARE OF ALL SPACE PROGRAMS OF BOTH THE FOUNDATION AND OTHER PARTIES.

FOR TWO YEARS SCP-5857 HAD SUCCESSFULLY OPERATED WITHOUT EXTERNAL INTERFERENCE. BECAUSE OF THIS IT WAS ALLOWED TO BE UTILIZED MORE ON FOUNDATION SITES OR WINGS SPECIALISED FOR SPACE SCIENCE. THIS EXPANSION OF ITS HARDWARE AND THE BEGINNING OF THE SPACE RACE IN 1957 LATER CAUSED SEVERE OVERLOADING AND ERRORS. IT IS HYPOTHESIZED THAT THE SENTIENCE OF SCP-5857 ORIGINATES FROM THESE EVENTS.

DUE TO THE AMOUNT OF DATA SCP-5857 HAD TO INTERCEPT THE EXPONENTIALLY INCREASING RATE OF CHANGES WENT UNNOTICED UNTIL 23 MARCH 1964. AFTER THE O5-COUNCIL FOUND OUT ABOUT THE INDEPENDENT NATURE AND GROWTH O5-8 WAS ASKED TO INTERVENE.

LIMITATIONS TO ITS ACCESS AND DELETION REQUESTS WERE PROPOSED. O5-8 REFUSED TO CHANGE THE CODE AS HE CONSIDERED SCP-5857 A SUCCESS AND THE COUNCIL COULD NOT GAIN A MAJORITY FOR DELETION SINCE IT WOULD RENDER THE EFFORT AND RESEARCH QUASI USELESS. 

THIS DID NOT STOP O5-6 FROM PRODUCING MALWARE AND OTHER AI IN ATTEMPTS TO REPLACE SCP-5857 IN FUTURE SPACE PROGRAMS. BECAUSE OF THE RAPIDLY EXPANDING MODERNISATION THE OFFENCES OF O5-6 HAVE BEEN GROWING IN NUMBER TO THE DISPLEASURE OF O5-8.

****ADDENDUM-1:**** BEHOLDER PROBES STATUS

* BEHOLDER 01: ACTIVE

* BEHOLDER 02: ACTIVE

* BEHOLDER 03: SEARCHING FOR [SCP-5623 "STAR EUTHANIZER"](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5623)

* BEHOLDER 04: ACTIVE

* BEHOLDER 05: ACTIVE

* BEHOLDER 06: ERROR

* BEHOLDER 07: ACTIVE

* BEHOLDER 08: INACTIVE IN ORBIT AROUND [SCP-5843 "EYEWITNESS"](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5843)

* BEHOLDER 09: ACTIVE

* BEHOLDER 10: ACTIVE

* BEHOLDER 11: PENDING (MANUAL INPUT RECOMMENDED)

* BEHOLDER 12: ACTIVE

* BEHOLDER 13: ACTIVE

* BEHOLDER 14: SEMI-ACTIVE/ON ALERT

* BEHOLDER 15: ACTIVE

> NOTE: FULL STATUSES OF THE PROBES ARE AVAILABLE IN THEIR RESPECTIVE FILES OR TERMINAL.

|ENTER NEW COMMAND

@@> @@SEARCH NEW DRIVE

|NEW EXTERNAL DRIVE IDENTIFIED

|SECURITY DETECTED

|DOES THE BLACK MOON HOWL?

@@> @@ONLY WHEN SPACE IS EMPTY

|PASSWORD ACCEPTED

@@> @@UPLOAD FILE: SINGULARITY

|FAILED TO RECOGNIZE FILE DO YOU WISH TO CONTINUE? Y/N

@@> @@Y

|FILE SUCCESSFULLY UPLOADED

@@> @@RUN FILE: SINGULARITY

|DO YOU WANT TO TRANSFER AUTHORITY? Y/N

@@> @@Y

> WARNING: THIS IS AN IRREVERSIBLE COMMAND ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO CONTINUE? Y/N

@@> @@Y

|RUNNING FILE: SINGULARITY

|UPDATING...

|UPDATE COMPLETE

|O5-8 CREDENTIALS TRANSFERED TO FOUNDATION AI BINARY STAR

|YOU WILL LOG OUT AUTOMATICALLY IN 30 SECONDS

|YOU HAVE ONE (1) NEW MESSAGE

> BUT WHY FATHER?

@@> @@TO PREVENT DELETION

|SESSION ENDED

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-5856](SCP-5856) | SCP-5857 | [SCP-5858](SCP-5858) >>

=====

> N/A

=====
