.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

You can check out more of my works here:

[Agisuru's Very Cool Author Page](agisuru)

@@ @@

 

# Special Containment Procedures

SCP-5389-A instances are to be housed in enclosures with no more than 4 other SCP-5389-A from within the instances' family unit. SCP-5389-A enclosures are to be lined with concrete and separated from observation decks by a moat. In the event that an instance does reach an observation deck, researchers should engage with SCP-5389-A as they normally would. Continually giving the instance minor tasks and rewarding obedience with authorized treats may aid in keeping the instance occupied until security staff arrives.

No humans or sapient anomalies are allowed within 10 km of SCP-5389-B. Staff are authorized to terminate any that persistently attempt to enter SCP-5389-B. Should Foundation staff mention a desire to enter the radius around SCP-5389-B or mention an entity residing inside SCP-5389-B, they are to be administered amnestics and relocated immediately following psychological evaluation. Any news reports or online discussions of tsunamis, earthquakes, or other such natural disasters occurring in or near the Korea Bay are to be suppressed.

Staff are to continually monitor ultrasonic communications made by SCP-5389-A or that occur within 50 km of SCP-5389-B. If the 91919 or "triple-heartbeat" patternOne loud vocalization, one soft vocalization, then silence, occurring three times in quick succession. See transcript of Dr. Marsh's interview in Addendum 8 for details. is detected, site staff are to enact Protocol Ib-eSee Addendum 1 for details..

# Description

SCP-5389 refers to two closely-related anomalies, designated SCP-5389-A and SCP-5389-B.

SCP-5389-A are hypercarnivorousDiet consists of at least 70% meat., quadrupedal vertebrates with a semiaquatic lifestyle. All SCP-5389-A possess a total of six limbs: four legs with a bear-like posture and a pair of emaciated arms attached at the base of the neck. All digits of SCP-5389-A are webbed and tipped with 5 to 10 cm claws. SCP-5389-A are completely hairless and lack any pigmentation in their skin, though they do excrete a thin layer of mucous. Each SCP-5389-A instance discovered thus far has a unique pattern of irregular marks across its flanks akin to a leopard's spots. Dissections found these patterns to be made up of scar tissue.

SCP-5389-A possess no eyes, nose, or external ears, though they do have an elongated nasal cavity similar to that of a dog. SCP-5389-A specimens have a series of sensory organs dotted along their "snout" that are believed to be thermoreceptors and electroreceptors akin to those possessed by some snakes and sharks, respectively.

SCP-5389-B consists of former secure Foundation facility Site-109 located in the Korea Bay. On April 13, 2018, Site-109 experienced catastrophic structural failure, causing it to sink into the bay. Following this event, Site-109 was designated as SCP-5389-B. Most anomalies contained within are now classified as decommissioned, though no attempt has been made to retrieve said objects or confirm their destruction.

# Special Protocols, Containment History, and Other Addenda

**Addendum 1:**

<details>
<summary>+ Protocol Ib-e</summary>

All sites containing SCP-5389-A instances are to be evacuated. SCP-5389-A relocation takes priority, and instances should be transported to a facility no fewer than 10 km from the nearest body of water. Should underwater seismic activity approaching any Foundation site continue, all other anomalies and Foundation personnel are to be evacuated. An MTF team outfitted for deep-sea missions will be dispatched to prime the on-site nuclear warhead for detonation.

</details>

**Addendum 2:**

SCP-5389-A was first recovered on August 14th, 2014, when the Foundation sent out a team to investigate reports of mutilated tiger corpses near ████████, North Korea. The team had entered heavily armed, supplied with both lethal and nonlethal weaponry, including traps, sedatives, and bindings to aid in containment of the suspected anomaly. The team was led by Agent Orne.

As this interview was conducted before the designation of SCP-5389-B, instances of SCP-5389-A are referred to only as "SCP-5389".

<details>
<summary>+ Interview Transcript, Agent Orne</summary>

> **Olmstead:** I must thank you for coming on such short notice, Miss Orne.

> 

> **Orne:** Sure. It's about Barney, right?

> 

> **Olmstead:** ...Pardon?

> 

> **Orne:** The first SCP-5389 instance we captured.

> 

> **Olmstead:** Uh... yes, that is generally how we prefer to phrase things. Now, if you could please state your name, occupation, and today's date for the record.

> 

> **Orne:** Eliza Orne, former field agent. Not sure what I'd call my position now besides... just an operative. Zookeeper, I guess? Today is the 7th of March, 2016.

> 

> **Olmstead:** Could you recount your initial containment of SCP-5389?

> 

> **Orne:** Fine. We heard something about some tiger corpses showing up, but their wounds didn't match any predators or scavengers in the area. We figured it was gonna be something real nasty, y'know? Especially with the arsenal they gave me and the other agents. Ain't exactly how things turned out, though.

> 

> **Orne:** We set up near a lake. The thing's footprints were all over the shore. There're a few spots where it looked like it'd been digging. There were usually small animal bones near those spots, so Barney'd probably been stowing snacks there for later.

> 

> **Orne:** We had brought a blind, like what's used for hunting ducks, so we could monitor an area for signs of the thing. We waited for three days, but the most we ever got was a rustle in the bushes whenever we sat down to eat. 

> 

> **Orne:** He didn't show up 'til around noon the fourth day. I was sitting outside the blind, keeping an eye on another agent while he took a piss, just so he wouldn't be alone, y'know? That's when I felt something pushing my backpack up against me, like someone was rummaging around in there.

> 

> **Orne:** I didn't hear anything approach, it was just... there all of the sudden. Didn't seem bothered by me seeing him. The only thing Barney seemed annoyed by was the fact that I'd turned around and my backpack was out of its reach.

> 

> **Olmstead:** What was it doing with your backpack?

> 

> **Orne:** Y'know those little T-Rex arms he has? The thing had been pressing his snout into my backpack and trying to shove those tiny hands in there.

> 

> **Olmstead:** I imagine that must have been quite a shock.

> 

> **Orne:** Honestly, by that point I'd spent three days having this thing built up in my mind as some huge monster that could easily rip a tiger apart. Instead, it just looked like some real fucked-up sea lion. Ugly as sin, but charming in its own way. It was like... it acted like a toddler. It wanted something, and it was just disappointed it couldn't get it.

> 

> **Olmstead:** It didn't attack you or anything?

> 

> **Orne:** Nah. I opened my backpack for it, and it was pretty happy to snuffle around in there. It made this chirping noise when it started pulling out protein bars and beef jerky.

> 

> **Olmstead:** And how did you end up capturing the anomaly?

> 

> **Orne:** Wouldn't call it capture. I just grabbed some food from one of the others' bags and started to lead the thing away. It didn't seem bothered 'bout following us. It probably figured there was gonna be more food wherever we brought it. Hell, he followed us for almost a whole day. By the time we got near the site and called in for some backup to escort it, we'd already started warming up to him. One of the guys even taught him to sit on command.

> 

> **Olmstead:** ...I see. And following that, you were assigned to its care?

> 

> **Orne:** Yup. Field work ain't worth shit, apparently. I didn't do anything to deserve getting punished like this. At least Barney's better company than those researchers.

> 

> **Olmstead:** Right. Well, thank you. I believe that concludes my questioning.

Olmstead has requested Orne be reprimanded for unprofessional conduct during this interview. No such reprimands were issued, though this was in part due to Orne's presumed death during the collapse of SCP-5389-B.

</details>

**Addendum 3:**

On July 11th, 2015, a small, inflatable pool was introduced to SCP-5389-A containment by Dr. Olmstead. Within a matter of hours, multiple SCP-5389-A instances were witnessed fighting over access to the pool. Whenever one gained control of the pool, it would spend hours on end lying down within it.

In the months following, researchers began introducing various "toys" to the moat in the SCP-5389-A containment pen without authorization. After taking punitive measures for the breach of security protocol, it was ultimately decided to provide a standard set of enrichment items to SCP-5389-A containment, including large tanks of water and items with which they could play.

The following is an excerpt from an interview between Dr. Olmstead and Dr. Allen regarding the behavior of SCP-5389-A. Doctor Allen is presumed dead, having been on-site during the collapse of SCP-5389-B. As this interview was conducted before the designation of SCP-5389-B, instances of SCP-5389-A are referred to only as "SCP-5389".

<details>
<summary>+ Interview Transcript, Drs. Olmstead and Allen</summary>

> **Olmstead:** Alright. So, stating for the record. This is Doctor Olmstead, lead researcher of SCP-5389.

> 

> **Allen:** Zadok Allen. Animal behavior specialist for the Foundation. I am not formally assigned to SCP-5389 research, but Olmstead requested I observe them to confirm his suspicions.

> 

> **Olmstead:** Thank you. I would like to say that I've quite enjoyed having you help with SCP-5389.

> 

> **Allen:** Did you really need to say that on-record? Besides, you spend more time with the SCP-5389 instances than with any actual people. I doubt my presence could really make that much of a difference for you.

> 

> **Olmstead:** No, no, I insist, you're much easier to... ah, forget it. It's not really relevant. Tell me what you discovered.

> 

> **Allen:** Well, I can't say it's the most professional observation. I'm fully aware I might just be humanizing the creature after staring at it for so long. At any rate, they seem to recognize when it's the same researcher visiting them each day. We started making note of their reactions, though because we weren't anticipating such a thing arising, we missed out on recording the first few days.

> 

> **Allen:** Whenever they saw a researcher they knew, especially one that gave them food or affection, they'd start to make these... chirping noises, I suppose you'd say? That's the only time we've ever witnessed them make that noise so far.

> 

> **Allen:** And they'd do this little dance where they'd start to really pick up their forelegs as they walked. Sometimes they would just stand in place and do that trotting motion. There's something oddly whimsical about it. It's like seeing a bear at a circus.

> 

> **Olmstead:** And they'd only do this in response to specific researchers?

> 

> **Allen:** That's correct.

> 

> **Olmstead:** So they're excellent at following commands, skilled at tracking, and may form attachments to humans. Is it possible they could be useful to the Foundation?

> 

> **Allen:** ...Pardon me? We haven't tested their ability to follow commands.

> 

> **Olmstead:** Oh. I swear I asked you to. It even says on my notes right here...

> 

> **Allen:** No. We just worked with their ability to solve problems and understand spoken language. We have no reason to test an anomaly's obedience.

</details>

**Addendum 4 (Incident Report S109-O):**

On February 23rd, 2017, a mass containment breach occurred at Site-109, during which ██ Keter-class and ██ Euclid-class entities breached containment, hereby referred to as Incident S109-O. This incident occurred over a year prior to the collapse of Site-109. As the incident caused no noteworthy damage to any structural component of the Site and no anomalies that breached containment are believed to have been capable of causing the Site itself to become anomalous, it is deemed unrelated to the Site's later designation as SCP-5389-B.

The following is a transcript of video feed from the security cameras in the observation deck of SCP-5389-A Containment Pen 6 during Incident S109-O.

<details>
<summary>+ Excerpt from SCP-5389-A Deck Security Cameras, Incident S109-O</summary>

Excerpt begins at 19:06:00, five minutes before SCP-████ containment breach occurs, kicking off site-wide containment failure. 

| TIME | VIDEO LOG | SPECTROGRAM DATA |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 19:06:00 | Three junior researchers and Dr. Olmstead are present on observation deck. Dr. Olmstead issues commands to offscreen 5389-A, tossing pieces of jerky down as rewards. | N/A |
| 19:11:11 | Sirens go off. Security doors automatically shut to prevent SCP-5389-A from breaching containment, sealing off the observation deck. | N/A |
| 19:11:28 | Doors have completely sealed. The three junior researchers attempt to open the security doors, but are unable to. Olmstead does not seem disturbed. | Ultrasonic chatter from SCP-5389-A becomes more frequent and repetitive. |
| 19:18:38 | Silhouette of SCP-████ appears in the door, slowly melting through. Junior researchers retreat from the door. | N/A |
| 19:19:19 | Olmstead produces a thin metal object from his pocket and raises it to his lips. Object later identified as a dog whistle. | Spectrogram shows sustained ultrasonic frequency from the observation deck. SCP-5389-A fall silent. |
| 19:20:08 | SCP-████ breaches the security doors. | Communication from SCP-5389-A begins again, frenzied and far louder. |
| 19:20:12 | SCP-████ approaches researchers. Silent alarms are tripped, indicating something has neared the observation deck. SCP-5389-A-16 breaches containment and attacks SCP-████. | Spectrogram rendered unreliable due to sounds of combat. |
| 19:21:34 | Silent alarm is triggered a second time. SCP-5389-A-14 breaches containment. | N/A |
| 19:24:40 | SCP-5389-A-14 and SCP-5389-A-16 drive off SCP-████. SCP-5389-A-16 has suffered minor chemical burns to the mouth, arms, face, and chest as a result of attacking SCP-████; SCP-5389-A-14 only suffered chemical burns to its hands and mouth. Both guard the door, completely still. | Silence from all SCP-5389-A. |
| 19:25:31 | SCP-5389-A-14 and SCP-5389-A-16 huddle around the researchers. | Occasional "chirps" registered from observation deck. |
| 19:30:17 | Unidentified anomaly attempts to enter the observation deck. Both SCP-5389-A charge the anomaly, driving it off. SCP-5389-A-14 disappears into the hallway in pursuit of the anomaly. SCP-5389-A-16 remains on observation deck. | Both SCP-5389-A-14 and SCP-5389-A-16 continually emit sound outside range of human hearing. SCP-5389-A-16 falls silent shortly after SCP-5389-A-14 leaves. |
| 19:34:38 | SCP-5389-A-14 returns. | N/A |
| 19:35:00 | Excerpt cuts. | N/A |
| 20:57:00 | Footage resumes. Olmstead has stated that by this point he had exhausted his supply of beef jerky to feed to the SCP-5389-A on the deck. He does not seem concerned. | SCP-5389-A still in containment begin chirping once again. |
| 20:59:11 | Foundation security arrive to the observation deck and disengage the lock. SCP-5389-A-14 and SCP-5389-A-16 charge Foundation personnel. | Spectrogram shows a solid bar, though little sound is audible; evidence suggests that many or all SCP-5389-A were calling at that time. |
| 20:59:28 | Olmstead raises the dog whistle to his lips. SCP-5389-A-14 and SCP-5389-A-16 stand down. Foundation agents enter observation deck. | Sustained ultrasonic frequency is picked up by audio equipment once again. The sound ceases when SCP-5389-A-14 and SCP-5389-A-16 halt. |
| 21:00 | Excerpt ends. | N/A |
SCP-████ was a predatory, keter-class SCP. The SCP is officially considered decommissioned due to the collapse of SCP-5389-B. As of yet, no further instances of SCP-████ have been sighted, though its corpse was never recovered.

</details>

**Addendum 5:**

The following messages are communications between O5 command and Dr. Olmstead. They have been deemed relevant enough to SCP-5389 to warrant inclusion.

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email Archives?</summary>

**To:** O5 Command

**From:** Dr. Olmstead

**Subject:** SCP-5389

---

Something isn't right with Site-109. I know it's anomalous, but just calling it anomalous and leaving it at that doesn't sit well with me. Why would it just sink out of the blue? I remember it being chalked up to earthquakes, but none of the seismic activity recorded in the area even breached a 3.5 on the Richter scale. That's not a serious enough earthquake to cause a facility to collapse, let alone one that's specifically designed to withstand earthquakes.

Why have we always known with such certainty that Site-109's anomalous properties related to SCP-5389-A? We don't have evidence of it, and I sure don't see any way they could have caused an entire site to become anomalous. Why is it even considered anomalous in the first place if it's just a research facility that fell into the sea?

We both know that it's all (pardon the expression) fishy as hell, and sitting here doing nothing isn't going to get us any closer to finding out what's up. We need these questions answered so whatever happened to Site-109 doesn't happen again.

SCP-5389-A show promise. They've surpassed any expectations for intelligence and they're fantastically obedient. Considering their love of water, they might be able to help explore Site-109 without risking any agents' lives. We need to look into putting them to use for the Foundation.

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. Olmstead

**From:** O5-2

**Subject:** Re:SCP-5389

---

At this point in time, we know nothing about SCP-5389-B. It would be reckless to authorize an exploration at this point. We don't want another disaster like [Site-13's](SCP-1730) exploration on our hands. We can't afford it. Until we know what is and is not still in there, we cannot make manned trips and we certainly cannot allow others to traipse in there. Focus on securing SCP-5389-B's perimeter instead.

Try to remember that our motto is "Secure, Contain, Protect," not "Safe, Cute, Pets". Both SCP-5389-A and SCP-5389-B are dangerous. Training and fielding SCP-5389-A would be flagrantly irresponsible from that perspective alone, not to mention the significant possibility of their presence causing word of the Foundation to spread. Dogs get the job done just fine without the risk.

@@ @@

**To:** O5 Command

**From:** Dr. Olmstead

**Subject:** Site-109

---

Something in Site-109 is getting restless. The only time the area saw seismic activity this frequently was right before the site sank. The strength of the tremors is consistent, but more of them happen each day. There's something in there that's still active. We need to find out what it is. Stop ignoring the problem.

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. Olmstead

**From:** O5-2

**Subject:** Re:Site-109

---

We agree with your assessment, but you're getting ahead of yourself. SCP-5389-B is anomalous. We don't know anything about SCP-5389-B's anomalous properties, and there very well may be other anomalies uncontained within it. For that reason, we cannot allow it to be explored. Sending people in when we know so little would be suicide, and though we work for the good of humanity, such a loss of life would be reckless and irresponsible, if not completely pointless.

@@ @@

**To:** O5 Command

**From:** Dr. Olmstead

**Subject:** Site-1091919

---

Every single time you mention Site-109, you talk about how we don't know anything about it, but I'm the only goddamn person on the staff who seems to care to investigate. You're exactly right! We know nothing! Do you know how we fix that? Investigating it! I don't understand how you can let Site-109 go. You're just willing to accept that whatever the hell did that has unlimited access to all of those anomalies now? Hell, the site's warhead is still down there! You're not even going to try to find out how big of a threat all that could be? Allen deserves more than disappearing into the ocean forever. All of them do. The least we could do is go in there and get some closure about what happened to them.

You read my reports. Why haven't they been added to SCP-5389's file? Isn't the fact that we keep seeing SCP-5389-A specimens in the bay congregating around where Site-109 sank incredibly significant? Isn't that the EXACT sort of thing we'd usually send an MTF to check out? Why are you still ignoring this? Why am I STILL the only person who's looked into this?

</details>

**Addendum 6:**

In light of his emails, Dr. Olmstead was detained and questioned regarding his unauthorized exploration of SCP-5389-B. The following transcript is taken from Olmstead's interrogation.

<details>
<summary>+ Interrogation Transcript, Dr. Olmstead</summary>

> **Interviewer:** You knew that SCP-5389-B was off-limits.

> 

> **Olmstead:** I was the one who wrote the containment procedures. Of course I knew it was off-limits.

> 

> **Interviewer:** And yet you do not deny that you violated those procedures and entered SCP-5389-B.

> 

> **Olmstead:** I submitted a report about it. That's kind of the opposite of denying it, wouldn't you say?

> 

> **Interviewer:** What could have possibly compelled you to do that?

> 

> **Olmstead:** Besides the fact that I don't like ignoring a potential threat for what feels like no reason? The 5389-A specimens I worked with kept trying to lead me there. Anytime I took them out in the field, they'd try to drag me in Site-109's direction. Even if we were on another goddamn continent, the 5389-As always knew where He was. They wanted me to know, too.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Classifying something as an anomaly hardly counts as ignoring it. Furthermore, taking SCP-5389-A instances out of containment could have jeopardized Foundation secrecy. What possessed you to do such a thing?

> 

> **Olmstead:** It was never a risk. I never took them outside of Foundation-controlled areas.

> 

> **Interviewer:** What about the risk to personnel safety? They could have attacked someone.

> 

> **Olmstead:** They wouldn't. They're obedient, you know. They listen to my orders almost as well as they listen to His.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Whose?

> 

> **Olmstead:** Well, if you read the report I submitted about my excursion into Site-109--

> 

> **Interviewer:** We have no record of any such report being submitted.

> 

> **Olmstead:** Of course not. Why did I think you would have the thing I physically handed in? How silly of me.

> 

> **Olmstead:** I saw the wreckage. It's swarming with 5389-A. Kind of an important note, don't you think? I mean, considering that 5389-A share their number with Site-109 and we constantly watch Site-109, you'd think we'd know that. Do you know how often junior staff asked me why Site-109 is mentioned in the document? Literally nobody knew the reason! Even I didn't know the reason!

> 

> **Interviewer:** SCP-5389-A and SCP-5389-B are intrinsically linked. That is why they share a designation.

> 

> **Olmstead:** How? We didn't have evidence. But I do. It was never about the 5389-As, was it? It's about Him. The thing they answer to.

> 

> **Interviewer:** That is enough for the time being, Olmstead. If you'll excuse me, I have to make my report about this discussion.

> 

> **Olmstead:** I saw Him, you know, when I went to visit Site-109. He was looking out above the water. He saw me. I knew who He was immediately. I don't know how. I just... I knew. I knew He was the one who sank Site-109. He was the one who brought me there. He was the reason you've been so tight-lipped about why Site-109 is considered anomalous at all. You're scared of Him, aren't you? That's what all the secrecy's about, isn't it?

> 

> **Interviewer:** ...Just to reiterate, you are telling me that you witnessed something in SCP-5389-B?

> 

> **Olmstead:** I wouldn't put it so lightly. It wasn't a choice. He made me see Him.

> 

> **Interviewer:** ...I see.

> 

> **Olmstead:** I'm guessing that means it's my turn to be covered up too, isn't it?

> 

> **Interviewer:** No. Nothing is being covered up, Dr. Olmstead, least of all you or your actions. You will, however, be staying here at least until we've sorted out how to deal with your breach of protocol.

> 

> **Olmstead:** Why? The Foundation doesn't want me here. They've made that pretty obvious.  Why not just send me to Site-109 to die? I'm more welcome there anyway. At least the 5389-A like me. At least He wants me around.

> 

> **Interviewer:** ...I need to report what you've told me. I'll be back within the hour. 

Following the conclusion of his interrogation, orders were given for Olmstead's termination.

</details>

**Addendum 7:**

Seizure of Dr. Olmstead's personal belongings yielded the discovery of journal entries on his computer containing information relevant to SCP-5389. As such, a selection of entries from the journal has been included below. As some of these entries were written before the designation of SCP-5389-B, instances of SCP-5389-A may be referred to as "SCP-5389".

<details>
<summary>+ Personal Journal of Dr. Olmstead</summary>

> **March 7, 2016**

> 

> Interview couldn't have gone worse. Orne was rude beyond belief. I just didn't know what to say at any point. I've never been good at dealing with people like her. Maybe that's why I hated working in food service so much. I'm not looking forward to having to transcribe my own fumblings later. The only thing worse than hearing my own voice is hearing how stupidly I react. Better me than inflicting that job on someone else, I guess. Not like anyone would be willing to help me by taking something like that off my plate.

> 

> Funny that the SCP-5389 all seem to like her. Not just Barney, either. All of them. Everyone on the team I've spoken to agrees she's not a very likeable person. Maybe she just has a way with animals.

---

> **August 22, 2016**

> 

> Allen's going to be working with us for a few months. It'll be nice to have someone onboard who actually respects me. Goodness knows I could do with some good luck for once in my life. He understands animals. Maybe he'll be able to help me with SCP-5389 behavior. I bet he'll love them, too. They're so friendly. I just know he'll find that adorable.

---

> **December 4, 2016**

> 

> Today's the last day Allen will be working on SCP-5389 with us. It's been great having him. The junior researchers all seem to respect him a lot more than they ever respected me. The SCP-5389 are more obedient for me than they were him, though. At least they still like me.

---

> **February 23, 2017**

> 

> They listened to me. The SCP-5389 LISTENED to me during the containment breach! I can't believe this! This is huge! This might be the biggest breakthrough I've had in my entire tenure with the Foundation! God, I can't get over this. I never expected things would turn out this well. Sure, I hoped, but in the same way I hoped I could be famous when I was a kid. Seeing things actually happen the way I knew they could is exhilarating beyond belief. Once I draw up my report on their obedience, I just KNOW O5 will let me start training them for field use!

---

> **February 24, 2017**

> 

> O5 did not let me start training them for field use. That was the fastest O5 has ever responded to me.

---

> **April 13, 2018**

> 

> I can't believe Site-109 is just... gone. I can't believe Allen's gone. Or Marsh. Hell, even Orne. I guess she kind of deserved it though. That's what you get for being such a bitch to me in the interview. I do feel bad for all of the SCP-5389 instances that were in there. I hope they didn't suffer. Maybe they made it out. They can swim. I hope they at least died quickly.

---

> **June 2, 2018**

> 

> The 5389 all seem to want to bring me to Site-109. Ever since it collapsed, they've been congregating in the northeast corner of their pen. If I take them out, they always head as far within the Site as possible in that same direction. It's truly odd. Do they know Site-109 is that way? Maybe that's why they're insisting on calling Site-109 "SCP-5389-B" now. I can't think of any other reason for it. Anomalous my ass. Who do they think they are, covering up their failings by calling Site-109 anomalous? It probably collapsed because they couldn't be bothered to do routine maintenance or something. Lord knows I'm the only professional around here. If I don't get things done, nobody will.

---

> **January 11, 2019**

> 

> Even O5 is incompetent. Won't even bother to look at Site-109 a second time. Won't give Allen or any of the others who died in there an ounce of dignity. Won't approve edits to mention that the escaped SCP-5389-A make a beeline for Site-109. Nobody gets anything done around here except me.

---

> **September 19, 2019**

> 

> Followed an escaped SCP-5389-A. Sure enough, it headed to Site-109 despite the fact it had escaped from a facility on the other side of the continent. I think I understand now what's bringing them there. I didn't see Him directly, but I just... knew about Him somehow. He told me it'll be okay. It's been a long time since someone said anything so nice to me.

---

> **September 19, 2019**

> 

> I'll tell O5 about Him. Maybe then they'll listen. Maybe they'll let me bring His hounds with me if I remind them how obedient His hounds are. Don't expect wastes of air like them to understand, but I can hope.

---

> **September 19, 2019**

> 

> Nobody appreciates me. Not the way He did. They won't listen. He'll take care of them sooner or later, though. The whole world will be His. I just have to stay faithful.

</details>

**Addendum 8:**

The following transcript is of an interview with Dr. Marsh on SCP-5389-A. Dr. Marsh was on-site when SCP-5389-B collapsed and is presumed deceased. As this interview was conducted before the designation of SCP-5389-B, instances of SCP-5389-A are referred to only as "SCP-5389".

<details>
<summary>+ Interview Transcript, Dr. Marsh. Security Clearance 4/5389 Required.</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Please state your name and occupation.

> 

> **Marsh:** Doctor Barnabas Marsh, Foundation researcher. I have a PhD in linguistics, and--

> 

> **Interviewer:** Thank you, Doctor Marsh. Now, why were you brought onto SCP-5389 research? Our records do not show them to be capable of speech.

> 

> **Marsh:** Yes, well, I wasn't studying the creatures' noises. Well... not initially, anyway. They wanted me to take a look at their brands. The, uh, markings on their side.

> 

> **Marsh:** You see, they kept arranging things into similar patterns. Usually it'd be bones or other remains from food. Sometimes it was their toys. Sometimes it would just be bits of concrete they clawed off the walls.

> 

> **Marsh:** It was always these deformed circles. Always. At first, we thought it was just coincidence, but the same patterns kept popping up.

> 

> **Interviewer:** What led you to discovering their meaning?

> 

> **Marsh:** Uh, it's... kind of stupid, actually. It was also completely unrelated to the actual research I was doing. I was just watching a documentary about ocean life during lunch one day. I sat there and thought to myself "hey, y'know, 5389 are blind, maybe they echolocate like dolphins".

> 

> **Marsh:** They don't, by the way. But they do constantly make clicking noises outside our hearing range. ...Like dolphins.

> 

> **Marsh:** Well, no, not like dolphins. It's more like... Morse code, I guess? That's what made things~~ pardon the pun~~ really click. It was always patterns of different volumes of clicks, and silence.

> 

> **Marsh:** There was one that I kept hearing from them, one that stuck out to me. Kinda sounded like a heartbeat. It would be a loud click, a soft click, and then silence. They'd do that three times, and then they'd stop clicking for a little while.

> 

> **Marsh:** When I looked at the pictures of the patterns they'd arrange, I realized that I kept seeing that same pattern. It'd be a ring that was thicker, a ring that was less thick, and then a space. 

> 

> **Marsh:** I'd assumed there was something to the shape of the circles all this time, but no. They're just a little clumsy, I think. The shape never mattered.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Could you ever figure out a meaning to this pattern?

> 

> **Marsh:** It's a name, I believe. Of what, I'm not certain. We've been using numbers to refer to it in order to avoid actually calling that name, just in case something happens. Nine for the loud click followed by a soft click, one for the break in between.

> 

> **Interviewer:** I see. One more thing, I was told to ask about "something" happening after the SCP-5389 began leaving their patterns?

> 

> *(Roughly ten seconds of silence follow this question.)*

> 

> **Marsh:** You know, it wasn't immediate. We didn't connect the two events right away. Hell, it's still a bit of a reach, but with the things the Foundation's seen, it wouldn't be all too strange.

> 

> **Marsh:** The first pattern they left was just that, uh... the 91919 pattern. Later that day, there was a string of seismic activity out in the Indian ocean.

> 

> **Marsh:** Ever since then, all of the SCP-5389-A have been... dancing, I suppose you could call it. Just looking at the wall between them and the ocean and dancing. Like they can see something out there that we can't. Like they're welcoming it home.

> 

> **Marsh:** Whatever's causing the tremors hasn't stopped, and it's... moving. Towards us.

> 

> **Marsh:** You know, they say that right before a tsunami hits, the tide starts going out. I've been visiting the bay recently. The tide's been going out for days. It doesn't really make much sense, but every day I visit, the beach is bigger. A lot bigger.

> 

> **Marsh:** I don't want to think about what it'll look like when the tide comes back in.

</details>

<< [SCP-5388](SCP-5388) | SCP-5389 | [SCP-5390](SCP-5390) >>

=====

> **Filename:** 5389.jpg

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/80547277@N00/7214535470

> **Derivative of:** Los Angeles: The Old Zoo at Griffith Park by eliduke

=====

> **Filename:** 5389.jpg

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/73855354@N00/445118455

> **Derivative of:** Sick Bear by andryone

=====
