**Item #:** SCP-5739

**Object Class:** Neutralized

<details>
<summary>Show Previous Special Containment Procedures</summary>

SCP-5739 is contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber. On a biweekly schedule, two D-Class personnel are to clean SCP-5739's containment unit and to gather any SCP-5739-1 instances.

</details>

**Special Containment Procedures:** The remains of SCP-5739 are contained in a storage folder in the cryostorage wing of Site-73. Legible SCP-5739-1 instances are to be recorded and stored in the aforementioned unit. Personnel with a clearance level of 2 or higher are permitted to access the remains of SCP-5739.

**Description:** SCP-5739 was a 1.5-meter tall biological entity composed entirely of human epidermises. Despite its composition, SCP-5739 maintained a rigid structure resembling a pachyderm cranium. Prior to neutralization, SCP-5739 hovered approximately two meters above any surface at all times.

SCP-5739-1 instances are 35-centimeter x 35-centimeter divisions of SCP-5739 that have physically detached from SCP-5739 by a process that is similar to exfoliative dermatitis A disease that causes inflammation and scaling in the skin. . SCP-5739-1 instances have English phrases etched into them by what has been hypothesized to be human fingernails. Examples of SCP-5739-1 instances have been recorded below. Given their potential significance, each SCP-5739-1 instance is to be given a unique designation. 

**Discovery:** On 04/12/2015, 12-year-old Emily Cole’s body was discovered in her place of residence in Omaha, Nebraska. The entirety of her skin was absent from her corpse. SCP-5739 was recorded levitating above Emily's body, motionless. Emily Cole's older brother, Albert Cole, contacted the local police station over a telephone call, where he was intercepted by an embedded Foundation agent working within the police force. Albert Cole exhibited extreme anxiety during his required interview; turning to look into empty hallways, being startled at mild contact with objects, and disregarding personnel. He was amnesticized shortly after and all symptoms ceased.

The following SCP-5739-1 instance was located beside Emily Cole's corpse.

**SCP-5739-1-1:**

> RESTLESSLY LEND

> UNKNOWN BLEND

> NEWLY DISTEND

> 

> ABSENTLY MEND

> WEND AROUND THE BEND

> ASCEND

> YOU CANNOT PRETEND

> 

> ELEPHANT FRIEND

> MY DEAREST FRIEND

> I DO NOT TEND

> LIKE YOU INTEND

> YOUR END

**Addendum 5739-1:** SCP-5739 has exhibited no notable behavior since its containment. DNA testing has determined that SCP-5739 is composed of epidermal tissue belonging to multiple unidentified individuals.

Incidents that mirror SCP-5739's Discovery have been recovered from multiple eyewitness accounts in Omaha, Nebraska. All of these eyewitness accounts were gathered within a psychiatric ward. These patients were all diagnosed with prolonged mass hysteria. Albert Cole is placed on a psychological trauma watchlist.

 The following SCP-5739-1 instance was recovered directly underneath SCP-5739 within its cell shortly after genetic testing.

**SCP-5739-1-2:**

> COVER THE SOUND

> ALL BUT THE WESTBOUND

> NOTICE THE BACKGROUND

> 

> YOULL COME AROUND

> OTHERWISE UNFOUND

> UNSPEAKINGLY DROWNED

> 

> HEAR THEIR SOUND

> ENCASED AND WOUND

> ADMITTEDLY UNFOUND

> REALIZED THEIR POUND

> 

> MESSAGES UNBOUND

> ELEPHANT FOUND

**Addendum 5739-2:** On 27/12/2015, security footage showed SCP-5739 experiencing minute convulsions. 1 minute and 26 seconds proceeding the beginning of the convulsions SCP-5739 forcefully ruptured, covering the surrounding area with its remains.

Two D-Class personnel were instructed to enter SCP-5739's containment cell and clear the security cameras of all debris. Upon closer examination, all remains of SCP-5739 appeared to be SCP-5739-1 instances. 99.62% of the SCP-5739-1 instances were illegible due to congealing between instances and a large quantity of what was later determined to be sweat. The remaining SCP-5739-1 instances were determined to be non-anomalous, and an official cleaning crew was dispatched. The following is a transcript of the inscriptions on the recovered SCP-5739-1 instances.

**SCP-5739-1-3:**

> IF YOU WERE IN

> THOSE PEOPLE THAT BEGIN

> 

> THE PAPER THIN

> OUTSIDE LOOKING IN

> OBSERVE THE DIN

> KNOWINGLY THIN

> 

> THERE IS A SIN

> HOUSED INSIDE SKIN

> ELEPHANT GRIN

> ITS ALWAYS BEEN

> RELEASE THE TWIN

> 

> SOULS INSIDE SKIN

> KEEP DEEP WITHIN

> I FEEL THE TWIN

> NEVER WILL YOU WIN

**SCP-5739-1-4:**

> LITTLE YOU CAN SCREAM

> EMPTY YOU WILL TEEM

> THEY HEAR YOU SCREAM

> 

> USELESSLY SCHEME

> SCREAMING UPSTREAM

> 

> DID YOU DREAM

> IN SOFTENED GLEAM

> ELEPHANT SEAM

**SCP-5739-1-5:**

> WHAT FUN

> HAVE YOU WON

> ATTEMPTED RUN

> THE PRICE OF FUN

> 

> HELL MUST RUN

> AWAY FROM ONE

> VARIETY BUT ONE

> EVERYONE

> 

> WHEN YOU ARE NONE

> EVER SO DONE

> 

> DONE

> ONLY UNSPUN

> NO NEED FOR FUN

> ELEPHANT WON

**SCP-5739-1-6:**

> GATHER INSIDE

> OUR SMALL STRIDE

> OTHERS TRIED

> DIED

> BECKON THE TIDE

> YOU CAN CONFIDE

> ELEPHANT HIDE

<< [SCP-5738](SCP-5738) | SCP-5739 | [SCP-5740](SCP-5740) >>

=====

> **Filename:** ELEPHANTFRIEND.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5739)

=====
