.footnotes-footer {

  display: none;

}

]

**Anomaly №:** SCP-5097

**Anomaly Class:** Uncontained

**Threat Level:** Green

**Special Containment Procedures:** In the event SCP-5097 returns to reality, it is to be severely reprimanded and placed in a humanoid containment cell.

The note SCP-5097 left behind is currently held in an Anomalous Items locker.

**Description:** SCP-5097 is [Senior Researcher](Somnambulant Directives Take The Helm ) [Kassidy Kara](Hurt ), a former member of the Unreality Department Up until their classification as SCP-5097, Dr. Kara had worked under the Foundation for 6 years. . On 4/8/2020, Dr. Kara removed themself from baseline reality and temporally ceased existing.

**Discovery Log:** SCP-5097 was discovered after Foundation .aic units detected a sudden loss of data associated with Dr. Kara Their personnel file was the first to be detected as missing. Their reports on multiple anomalies were found to be blanked shortly after, followed by their SCiPnet account becoming invalid.  at 9:58 PM on 4/9/2020. At the same time, several personnel acquainted with Dr. Kara had noticed their lack of activity around the Site, and could neither access past e-mails with Dr. Kara nor send them new ones.

An investigation was launched, revealing their private quarters contained only a handwritten note on their desk (see Addendum). Whom it was addressed to is unknown.

Automated extranormal detection programs deployed by Site Command were able to recognize several residual [olf](SCP-5850 ) Hypothetical measurements used to quantify anti-dimensions or anti-spacetime phenomena within a given system. Olf values closer to 0 operate similarly to our reality.  fluctuations that had occurred within Dr. Kara's quarters. From the readings, a timeline of these fluctuations was established, revealing Dr. Kara had separated themself from baseline reality on 4/8/2020, at approximately 4:25 AM. 

Dr. Kara was designated as SCP-5097 on 4/10/2020, and its containment procedures were officialized shortly after.

**Addendum:** The note left by SCP-5097.

@@@@

@@@@

> Sorry, but I really just didn't feel like coming into work today.

<< [SCP-5096](SCP-5096) | [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/voidpage VoidLady] | [SCP-5098](SCP-5098) >>

=====
