---

**Special Containment Procedures:** An array of Foundation-owned satellites surround SCP-5609 at all times, and are programmed to constantly project a selectively antimemetic field around the object to prevent its viewing by civilians. Unmanned research probe SCPS *Spearhead* has been landed on SCP-5609, and is currently being used to collect its tissue samples and take vital readings. Any changes in the orbital pattern of SCP-5609 are to be monitored, and circumvented via movement of the satellite array.

 

**Description:** SCP-5609 is a massive (230 km in diameter), bioluminescent, spherical organism, currently in orbit 30,000 km above the earth's surface. SCP-5609 constantly emits yellow light, and upon cursory observation resembles a small moon.

 

Close-up inspection of SCP-5609 has shown it to possess features similar to those of some beetle larvae, such as a small, discolored head with two compound eyes and two short mandibles; two visible legs protruding from underneath its head; and soft, segmented skin.

 

**Addendum: Recovered Data**

 

The following is a list of data pertaining to SCP-5609, collected by SCPS *Spearhead.*

 

* SCP-5609 moves periodically; however, such motion consists of not much more than momentary twitching of its legs and mandibles.

* SCP-5609 lacks the ability to steer and propel its body through space. Its orbit is entirely passive.

* The metabolism of SCP-5609 is hypothesized to be up to 3,000 times slower than that of any terrestrial insect.

* The presence of spiraclesBreathing organs found on terrestrial insects on the body of SCP-5609 indicate that it is not biologically suited for survival in a vacuum.

* A section of skin on the back of SCP-5609 protrudes from the organism, as if being pulled.

**Addendum: Incident Log**

 

On March 22, 2021, SCP-5609 disappeared, along with SCPS *Spearhead*. The anomaly was reclassified as Neutralized after an extensive search of the area of outer space surrounding Earth found no trace of it.

 

One month later, SCPS *Spearhead* re-appeared in high Earth orbit and immediately fell through the atmosphere. Despite sustaining heavy damage upon crash-landing, the following audio log remained intact.

 

*(Heavy static is audible, but dissipates after 7 seconds. Upon its dissipation, two voices are heard.)*

 

**Unknown-1:** Hoooooo-eeee! Now *this* one's bound to be a doozy.

 

**Unknown-2:** Can't believe they bit. Oh, we'll sure be eatin' well tonight!

 

*(After a few moments, the voices become louder. The recording distorts slightly as a result.)*

 

**Unknown-2:** Hey, Willie? Uh... you gotta see this.

 

**Unknown-1:** What the- awwwww, c'mon, not this *again.*

 

**Unknown-2:** What is it?

 

**Unknown-1:** Oh, just another one of those shiny bugs. Toss it back in.

 

**Unknown-2:** Could I keep it? It looks pretty cool.

 

**Unknown-1:** *(Audibly sighs)* You can't *eat* cool, Amos.

 

**Unknown-2:** All right, all right, *fine.* *(The sound of rushing air is heard, followed by a loud splash. The voices begin to fade.)*

 

**Unknown-1:** ...gotta cast out by the moon next time. I heard tell the folks there're a bunch more gullible.

 

*(Static becomes audible. The recording ends.)*

 

The area surrounding the moon is currently being monitored for signs of SCP-5609 re-emergence.

<< [SCP-5608](SCP-5608) | SCP-5609 | [SCP-5610](SCP-5610) >>
