by [Elunerazim](http://www.scp-wiki.wikidot.com/elunerazim)

.bblock:hover {color: white}

**Item #:** SCP-5347

**Object Class:** ~~Gödel-Euclid~~ Gödel-Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5347-1 is currently uncontainable by Foundation efforts due to the failsafes of those who did not flee to the **##green|arboraceous nomenclative hazard##**, though it is largely contained by the effects of SCP-5347-2. Photographic and visual evidence of SCP-5347-1 has been discredited due to its resemblence to a *Fata Morgana*  A type of mirage where an island or ship appears to float above the horizon, and entry to SCP-5347-1 has been deemed impossible by any means outside of SCP-5347-2. 

~~SCP-5347-2 is known only to occult groups and thus requires no special containment procedures.~~ ##blue|The proliferation of an unrelated non-anomalous meme has made a part of SCP-5347-2's procedure a common phrase in certain communities, and as such has led to an exponential increase in victims of SCP-5347-2 since May 2020.## New information regarding the procedures of SCP-5347-2 should be reported to the SCP-5347 Research Head.

**Description:** SCP-5347-1 is a partially-submerged island off the coast of [Hy-Brasil](a-foul-storm-in-a-fair-land ). Due to the transitive nature of Hy-Brasil itself, SCP-5347-1 has appeared at multiple locations, usually appearing approximately 3 nautical miles off the coast of a calm and temperate beach. Attempts to approach SCP-5347-1 by any form of non-anomalous travel has been deemed impossible, as despite attempting to approach SCP-5347-1, any vehicles or persons appear to move in place approximately 1 mile from SCP-5347-1. SCP-5347-1 will maintain its position for exactly 3, 5, 13, or 17 days before disappearing under heavy fog.

SCP-5347-1 uniformly manifests with identical topology and size. Slight shifts, such as felled trees, fishing nets, and small signal or cooking fires indicate individuals sent to SCP-5347-1 remain active between manifestations. Sub-surface imaging has revealed [large cocoon-like pods](scp-2932 ) attached to the island's coast.

SCP-5347-2 is a series of thaumic rituals and triggers which, when enacted properly, teleport an individual to SCP-5347-1. The current specifics of SCP-5347-2 are unknown, though certain aspects and phrases have been identified in [Document Hayforth-ESHU](taboo ). 

**Findings of Document Hayforth-ESHU** was a book obtained from college student and amateur occultist Vanessa Hayforth following her 1966 entry to the **##green|Pseudonymous Timberland##**. It described several occult rituals, including some mentions of SCP-5347-2. Much of the document's mentions were unclear, but the following mentions could be gleaned:

* The subject sent to SCP-5347-1 must be painted with ceremonial tattoos and markings. This is believed to be a purely ceremonial aspect of the ritual, as no victims of SCP-5347-2 have been known to have been painted with such markings.

* The subject sent to SCP-5347-1 must be of fae bloodlines, or have had their ancestors sworn to a fae blood pact - due to the proliferation of fae geneology during the first occult war, approximately 70% of humans alive today are believed to have trace amounts of fae blood.

* The subject sent to SCP-5347-1 must be within *"three times five times 13 times 17 Deiscéim"*a classical Celtic unit of measurement, equal to 1.5 meters. 3315 Deiscéim is equal to approximately 5 kilometers.  of the current manifestation of SCP-5347-1.

* The subject sent to SCP-5347-1 must be told the exact phrase "**You are going to Hy-Brasil**"

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 1</summary>

**Addendum 1:** In early 2020, a non-anomalous image macro was proliferated around the internet with unfortunate similarity to the specific trigger phrase of SCP-5347-2. Due to this, an on-going coverup campaign is in progress.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

</details>

<< [SCP-5346](SCP-5346) | SCP-5347 | [SCP-5348](SCP-5348) >>
