---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The perimeter of SCP-5121's break horizon An area of non-existence resulting from certain temporal and spatial phenomena.  is patrolled at all times and access is off-limits.

---

**Description:** SCP-5121 is the designation for Research Site-AE7. As Site-AE7 was newly constructed and staffed at the time of Event 5121, no anomalies were yet contained within it.

---

<details>
<summary>Site-AE7 Dossier</summary>

# Site-AE7

---

*SCP Foundation Saskatchewan Anomalous Research Facility*

Site-AE7 (designated SCP-5121) is a Foundation operated research facility located outside of Fairview, Saskatchewan. Construction of Site-AE7 was officially completed on 03/17/2014.

**Site Director:** Vacant

****Facilities:****

**Entrances:** POE-AE7-1, north perimeter access to Level 3 and below; POE-AE7-2, south perimeter access to Level 4 and above.

**Exits:** POE-AE7-1, access to all clearances. POE-AE7-2, access to Level 4 and above.

**Living Chambers:** 67 furnished rooms.

**Cafeteria:** 50-person seating capacity with a full industrial kitchen.

**Containment Chambers:** 10 anomalous storage containment lockers, 5 low-security chambers, and 3 medium-security chambers.

**Power Generation:** One industrialized fuel generator, one CO2-based backup site generator.

 

****Departments:****

**General Research:** Research and testing of non-anomalous objects and baseline physics to further Foundation efficacy. 

**Anomalous Research:** Research and testing of anomalous objects, baseline discrepancies, and unexplained phenomena, as well as establishing safe containment measures. 

**Maintenance:** General site maintenance, containment cell repair, terminal maintenance.

**Admin:** Administrative duties including staff intake and reassignment, disciplinary actions, and overseeing all other aspects of Site-AE7.

****Site Purpose:****

Site-AE7 is dedicated to the containment and research of Safe and Euclid class anomalies discovered within the region. Site-AE7 works in conjunction with Site-65 and Site-177 to comprise the SCP Foundation Saskatchewan Operational Region.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Event 5121</summary>

On 03/22/2014, all Foundation facilities within Saskatchewan and neighboring provinces received a "Code 0X1" alert, indicating all external connections to and from Site-AE7 had suddenly ceased. 

### ALERT: 0X1 - 0X1

---

#### Unable to ping SITE-AE7. Contact Site Administrator.

MTF-Gate-1 ("Timekeepers") was dispatched to the site and established a perimeter upon reporting the site as missing. When no changes were recorded following activation of a Scranton Reality Anchor, a search of the site grounds commenced in an effort to uncover what had happened. The search was halted when two Foundation agents entered the site grounds and appeared to demanifest.

Several tests were performed between 03/22/2014 and 03/30/2014 on the former site grounds to determine the scope of its effects.

| Subject | Procedure | Results |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Remote Surveillance Drone with audio and video feeds. | The drone was piloted above the test site before being slowly lowered towards it. | Upon descending approximately 25 meters above the site, the signal from the drone was lost. |
| D-10754, equipped with audio and video recording devices. | Subject entered the test site as directed. | Subject appeared to demanifest. Audio and video feeds cut off at the exact moment of disappearance. |
| D-10556, equipped with audio and video recording devices and a steel cable tethered harness. | Subject entered the test site after being persuaded by guards. | Test results mirror those of the previous. The steel cable was severed near the harness. |
Following review of these test results, further attempts at exploration were deemed futile. The perimeter of the site remains secured. Further testing proposals will require Level-B review.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>SCP-5121 Contact Log A</summary>

On 07/13/2015, Foundation servers indicated several restored and attempted connections from Site-AE7. Several requests for communication were sent to Dr. Williams' terminal at Site-65, a Foundation facility outside of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. After much deliberation over potential security risks, Dr. Williams, Site Director, arranged for communication to be established using a D-Class personnel.

---

> **SCPiNET v3.0.4**

> **Terminal:** 065.1

> **Authorization:** site65.williams

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> *Incoming connection request...*

> *Request granted.*

> *Connected to siteae7.paroux* 

> 

> **[13:46] AE7.2:** t

> 

> **[13:46] AE7.2:** test

> 

> **[13:46] AE7.2:** test

> 

> **[13:47] 065.1:** Hello?

> 

> **[13:47] AE7.2:** helklo

> 

> **[13:47] AE7.2:** hlello

> 

> **[13:47] AE7.2:** can you see this?

> 

> **[13:47] 065.1:** Yes, I can see it. Who is this?

> 

> **[13:48] AE7.2:** help us 

> 

> **[13:48] AE7.2:** please

> 

> **[13:48] 065.1:** Who are you?

> 

> **[13:48] AE7.2:** liam

> 

> **[13:49] AE7.2:** 10573839

> 

> **[13:49] AE7.2:** ^ my employee number i think

> 

> **[13:51] AE7.2:** hello ?

Upon confirmation that the provided employee number matched that of Dr. Liam Paroux, Site-AE7's Technical Expert, and that no cognitohazards were present, Dr. Williams took over communication.

> **[13:58] 065.1:** Dr. Paroux? 

> 

> **[13:58] AE7.2:** yeS YES !!! thats me!

> 

> **[13:58] AE7.2:** thank god youre still there

> 

> **[13:59] 065.1:** Where are you?

> 

> **[14:00] AE7.2:** site ae7

> 

> **[14:03] 065.1:** Are you aware of what's happened?

> 

> **[14:05] AE7.2:** not fully , ive been focused on getting this terminal connected again

> 

> **[14:05] AE7.2:** back in a bit , i need to tell the others

> 

> **[14:05] 065.1:** How many other staff are there?

> 

> **[14:06] AE7.2:** all of us

> 

> *Connection closed.*

Following initial contact, Dr. Williams informed Dr. Atmos, Regional Director of Foundation operations within Saskatchewan, of the event. Dr. Atmos arranged to meet Dr. Williams at Site-65. Upon arrival, a connection was reestablished to Site-AE7 from Dr. Williams' terminal.

> **SCPiNET v3.0.4**

> **Terminal:** 065.1

> **Authorization:** site65.williams

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> *Incoming connection request...*

> *Request granted.*

> *Connected to siteae7.paroux* 

> 

> **[18:32] AE7.2:** hello?

> 

> **[18:32] 065.1:** It's Dr. Williams again. How are you holding up?

> 

> **[18:32] AE7.2:** The adrenaline must've worn off, but I'm still shaking. I still can't believe we've made contact.

> 

> **[18:33] 065.1:** Good. Dr. Atmos is sitting here with me. He needs to speak with Dr. Holton.

> 

> **[18:34] AE7.2:** Sorry, who's Dr. Holton?

> 

> **[18:34] 065.1:** He's the site's reality expert. His name's Brian if that helps.

> 

> **[18:35] AE7.2:** One sec

> 

> **[18:41] AE7.2:** This is Dr. Holton.

> 

> **[18:42] 065.1:** Dr. Atmos here. How are you?

> 

> **[18:43] AE7.2:** Atmos?

> 

> **[18:43] AE7.2:** It's been too long my friend.

> 

> **[18:43] 065.1:** Same to you Brian. Glad you're alright.

> 

> **[18:44] AE7.2:** How's Anne doing?

> 

> **[18:44] 065.1:** She's well. Hopeful, too. She hasn't gotten rid of anything of yours.

> 

> **[18:44] AE7.2:** Does she know I'm alive? Can I speak to her?

> 

> **[18:44] 065.1:** I'm sorry, you know I can't arrange that.

> 

> **[18:44] AE7.2:** Yeah. I know. I just miss her.

> 

> **[18:43] 065.1:** Are you aware of what's happened?

> 

> **[18:43] AE7.2:** I'm still not 100% sure but I think I have an idea on what's going on.

> 

> **[18:43] 065.1:** Care to explain?

> 

> **[18:45] AE7.2** I wrote a book on something a long time ago.

> 

> **[18:45] AE7.2:** "An Introduction to Baseline Discrepancies".

> 

> **[18:45] AE7.2:** Chapter 13 should put us on the same page. Let me know if you need me to explain it, I remember how you are.

> 

> **[18:46] 065.1:** Hah, we'll take a look and touch base again in a bit, Brian. Stay safe.

> 

> *Connection closed.*

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>'An Introduction to Baseline Discrepancies'</summary>

> **Chapter 13-3: Paradoxical Existence**

> Authored by: Dr. Brian Holton

> 

> Certain phenomena have demonstrated a clear separation between spatial and temporal continuums, in contrast to the common belief that the two are intertwined and inseparable. Depending on several variables, conditions may be met where the temporal flow is halted but the affected portion of reality continues to exist, suspended from local time. This phenomena is relatively simple and is generally easy to reverse by stabilizing local Hume levels.

> 

> Discrepancies within a spatio-temporal environment, despite appearing to contradict them, generally manifest within the confines allowed by physics. When the converse of the above occurs and the spatial continuum of an area is halted though the temporal flow continues, several reactions are expected to occur. When matter is suspended from space, the law of conservation of energy remains true. As a result, the affected matter enters a state of "Paradoxical Existence", in which it exists in some form outside of baseline reality. Should the law hold true, matter entering such an affected area will be subjected to the same state.

> 

> Paradoxical Existence differs from the more commonly known "pocket dimension". While a pocket dimension is a dimensional space separate from baseline reality, Paradoxical Existence is a state of existence in which a portion of baseline reality exists outside of itself.

> 

> The resulting area of non-existence left behind in baseline reality is known as the "break horizon". To the naked eye, this area appears to be unaffected by discrepancies. However, the fact of the matter is that the affected area no longer exists; the observer instead sees the continuing landscape opposite of the break horizon in place of the reality gap.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>SCP-5121 Contact Log B</summary>

On 07/14/2015, Dr. Williams and Dr. Atmos made contact with Site-AE7 again.

> **SCPiNET v3.0.4**

> **Terminal:** 065.1

> **Authorization:** site65.williams

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> *Sending connection request...*

> *Request granted.*

> *Connected to siteae7.paroux* 

> 

> **[09:07] 065.1:** Dr. Holton, are you there?

> 

> **[09:07] AE7.2:** FINALLY

> 

> **[09:07] AE7.2:** I thought my terminal stopped working

> 

> **[09:08] AE7.2:** This is Liam by the way. What took so long?

> 

> **[09:08] 065.1:** It took a day to review the situation.

> 

> **[09:08] AE7.2:** You mean you're going to get us out of here?

> 

> **[09:09] 065.1:** That's the goal, yes. Is Dr. Holton still there?

> 

> **[09:09] AE7.2:** Yep, one sec

> 

> **[09:14] AE7.2:** Hi, this is Dr. Holton.

> 

> **[09:14] 065.1:** It's Dr. Atmos again. Dr. Williams is here with me too. How are you doing?

> 

> **[09:15] AE7.2:** It's been getting harder to stay positive. Anne's been on my mind a lot more lately.

> 

> **[09:15] AE7.2:** Do you think there's anything we can do at all? Just to let her know I'm still alive?

> 

> **[09:15] 065.1:** I'm sorry, Brian. You know I would help you in any way if I could. They've already mitigated attention away from your disappearance with a cover story.

> 

> **[09:15] AE7.2:** I figured. Sorry, I shouldn't even be asking.

> 

> **[09:15] 065.1:** It's alright, I understand. We read through your book. It seems fairly accurate in regards to everything we've observed so far.

> 

> **[09:16] AE7.2:** Isn't it funny that I get to witness the very thing I wrote about?

> 

> **[09:17] 065.1:** We were hoping you may have had time to examine the anomaly on your end. 

> 

> **[09:17] AE7.2:** Yeah, plenty. 

> 

> **[09:17] AE7.2:** It seems like my theory may be true, which really sucks if it is.

> 

> **[09:18] AE7.2:** You know something, Atmos?

> 

> **[09:18] 065.1:** What's that?

> 

> **[09:18] AE7.2:** I actually miss the old days.

> 

> **[09:19] 065.1:** What do you mean?

> 

> **[09:19] AE7.2:** Don't tell me you don't remember us working side by side in the field?

> 

> **[09:19] 065.1:** Oh, I don't. I amnestisized myself right after that!

> 

> **[09:19] AE7.2:** Still the class clown, huh? Some things never change. 

> 

> **[09:20] AE7.2:** Are you sending us food anytime soon, by the way? We're going to run out in the next few days. 

> 

> **[09:20] 065.1:** If we could, we would. 

> 

> **[09:20] AE7.2:** What do you mean? You already sent us those D-Class to test with at the beginning of all this.

> 

> **[09:20] 065.1:** D-Class? Sorry, I'm not sure what you mean.

> 

> **[09:20] AE7.2:** 10754 and 10556

> 

> **[09:20] AE7.2:** You were the ones who sent them, right?

> 

> **[09:22] 065.1:** Yes, it would appear so. We'll reconnect in a bit, Dr. Holton. We're going to send some supplies.

> 

> **[09:22] AE7.2:** Thanks Atmos. 

> 

> **[09:22] AE7.2:** Please make sure Anne stays safe too.

> 

> *Connection closed.*

Dr. Williams and Dr. Atmos arranged for transportation of five researchers and several items to SCP-5121's break horizon. Upon arrival, preliminary test procedures were established and several of the items brought were placed into the break horizon, including supplies of dry rations and bottled water. Upon confirmation that the items had acted as expected upon entering the break horizon, Dr. Williams and Dr. Atmos sent another connection request to Site-AE7.

> **SCPiNET v3.0.4**

> **Terminal:** 065.1

> **Authorization:** site65.williams

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> *Sending connection request...*

> *Request granted.*

> *Connected to siteae7.paroux* 

> 

> **[13:24] AE7.2:** the food, that was you and Holton right?

> 

> **[13:25] 065.1:** Is this Dr. Paroux

> 

> **[13:25] AE7.2:** yeah

> 

> **[13:26] 065.1:** Can you put Dr. Holton on please?

> 

> **[13:29] AE7.2:** I'm so sorry

> 

> **[13:30] 065.1:** What?

> 

> **[13:33] AE7.2:** He's dead

> 

> **[13:36] 065.1:** How? What happened?

> 

> **[13:40] AE7.2:** He told us to go outside

> 

> **[13:41] AE7.2:** He said you guys were sending help, that we'd be saved. we all ran to the fence and waited

> 

> **[13:41] AE7.2:** food appeared from over the fence and we ran back in to tell him

> 

> **[13:42] AE7.2:** but he was dead in his room

> 

> **[13:42] AE7.2:** he knew food was coming... why did he do that?

> 

> **[13:43] 065.1:** We're sorry, Dr. Paroux. 

> 

> **[13:43] AE7.2:** can you still help us?

> 

> **[13:44] 065.1:** We're trying. Did Dr. Holton have anything on him when you found him?

> 

> **[13:44] AE7.2:** No

> 

> **[13:45] AE7.2:** this was on the terminal when i came back though

> 

> *File received: ae7tests.log*

> 

> *Downloading file...*

> 

> *File downloaded successfully.*

> 

> *Loading file contents...*

---

*File loaded successfully. Contents displayed below:*

**Test #:** 001

**Date:** 07/17/2015

**Author:** Dr. Holton

~~Preliminary conclusions appear to be that Site-AE7 has been tra~~ Actually, screw the format, not like it matters. This is Doctor Brian Holton, Lead Reality Expert of Site-AE7 which now appears to be permanently fucked. It's fair to say I know a thing or two about paradoxical existence; I wrote the damn book. I guess it's all true too. What an ending.

I can literally feel myself being torn apart at the atoms when I stand near the fence, but it seems stable enough. That's definitely the break horizon on the other side. There's the tiniest breeze, so air from the break horizon must end up here too; explains why we haven't suffocated. The site's backup generator still works too, it runs off of CO2 so it's actually taking care of the air we breathe out... We've been able to survive this long because of it.

We ran out of food yesterday. Luckily, Paroux managed to get a terminal connected to the outside. It was nice to catch up at first. I asked them to send some supplies. It's for the others, not me. I already know there's no way out.

Anne, I know you aren't ever going to see this, but I love you. I love you so much. I want to hold your hand, hug you, kiss you. I know you think I'm dead and that I have been for a while... I just hope there's some part deep inside you that knows I love you and haven't stopped since I ended up here. I won't be able to see you again in this life, but maybe there's hope that we'll meet in the next.

See you soon, Anne.

---

Following confirmation of Dr. Holton's death, Dr. Atmos returned to Site-177.

> **SCPiNET v3.0.4**

> **Terminal:** 065.1

> **Authorization:** site65.williams

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> *Sending connection request...*

> *Request granted.*

> *Connected to site177.atmos* 

> 

> **[17:44] 065.1:** I'm sorry, Dr. Atmos. Loss is hard.

> 

> **[17:45] 177.4:** Thank you. We went to school together before we were both recruited to the Foundation. Holton was more than smart, and he seemed certain about his theory. Everything seems to hold true during testing as well. I don't blame him for wanting to see his wife, I just didn't expect him to do... this.

> 

> **[17:45] 065.1:** I don't understand... Why would he kill himself shortly after making contact with us? He went over a year without anything before...

> 

> **[17:45] 177.4:** He went that year with hope. I'd guess that it affected him heavily once he figured out Anne thought he was dead. It seemed to be the only thing giving him strength. 

> 

> **[17:45] 065.1:** So is the site lost, then?

> 

> **[17:46] 177.4:** Not necessarily. We still have contact and way to send supplies, even if it is one-way and Holton's dead. I'm going to update the dossier. Considering your involvement so far, would you be interested in taking the lead on this?

> 

> **[17:46] 065.1:** Without a doubt.

> 

> *Connection closed.*

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Updated Site-AE7 Dossier</summary>

# Site-AE7

---

*SCP Foundation Unilateral Anomalous Containment and Research Facility*

Site-AE7 (designated SCP-5121) is a specialized Foundation facility lead externally from Site-65.

**Site Director:** Dr. Williams

****Facilities:****

**Entrances:** POE-AE7-1, also known as the "break horizon." Access is restricted to those with the position of "Alternate Researcher."

**Exits:** None.

**Living Chambers:** 66 furnished rooms.

**Cafeteria:** 50-person seating capacity with a full industrial kitchen.

**Containment Chambers:** 10 anomalous storage containment lockers, 5 low-security chambers, and 3 medium-security chambers.

**Power Generation:** One industrialized fuel generator, currently disconnected from the power grid and nonoperational. Also contains a backup CO2-based site generator which has been retrofitted into a dedicated one.

 

****Departments:****

**Alternate Research:** The sole existing department of Site-AE7. Consists of the entirety of the site excluding POE-AE7-1. All staff on Site-AE7 are automatically assigned the position of "Alternate Researcher", regardless of previous experience or role with the Foundation. 

****Site Purpose:****

Site-AE7 acts as a Foundation facility for the containment and research of anomalous objects and organisms deemed too high of a risk to contain and research within baseline reality, either due to a risk of danger or as a result of the possibility of a veil-breaking scenario occurring. Documentation from Site-AE7 is sent to Site-65 via .log and .scp format on a monthly basis for review. Foundation staff members awaiting termination and deemed low-risk may instead opt to be permanently reassigned to Alternate Researcher. Disciplinary measures may be taken as a result of insubordination; these include withholding food rations, water, and fuel supplies.

</details>

---

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/deathbygin More from this author...]

---

<< [SCP-5120](SCP-5120) | SCP-5121 | [SCP-5122](SCP-5122) >>
