---

**Item #:** SCP-5755

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5755 is to be kept in a locked containment storage unit in Site-207 and guarded by at least two security personnel at all times. Only researchers of Level-3 Clearance and above are permitted to grant clearance requests.

Activation of SCP-5755 is prohibited outside of approved research. Any audible contact made by SCP-5755 while in its inactive state is to be reported to the head researcher.

**Description:** SCP-5755 is a 2m, 4k quality picture, unbranded television with a remote. The screen of SCP-5755 produces audio despite lacking integrated speakers. SCP-5755 automatically repairs any damage to its surface or housing within 24 hours of the damaging incident. The mechanism behind the repairs is unknown.

When activated, SCP-5755 will emit audio and visual static until a channel is selected. Only one channel is available for selection, labeled as “Damned,” which will present footage of the interior of a tidy suburban home. The footage lasts 22 hours, from 5:00 AM to 3:00 AM. The footage persists with a straight camera angle of the living area; the angle never moves or changes. After the footage reaches its conclusion, SCP-5755 will deactivate until it is activated again. Upon subsequent activation, the footage will repeat the same twenty-two hour period.

The footage showcases a family of four, designated SCP-5755-A through SCP-5755-D, making their daily commute throughout the house.

SCP-5755 was discovered on 09/08/2019 in a burnt down suburban house in Spring lakes, Seattle by recovery teams of the fire department. SCP-5755 was recovered in pristine condition. It was held by the county to be auctioned off as the residents had no surviving family members. The object came to the Foundation’s attention when reports of “banging” coming from within the screen and handprints appearing on the screen were made to authorities. Class B amnestics were administered to county employees that were aware of the anomaly, and SCP-5755 was taken into Foundation custody.

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-5755-A DESC.</summary>

SCP-5755-A is a European-American male, 35 years of age, with a height of 1.7m and a weight estimated to be 160kg. SCP-5755-A's behavioral pattern is highly manipulative and violent toward his family. SCP-5755-A's schedule consists of leaving for work at 9:07 AM and returning to the house at 5:35 PM.

</details>

@@@@

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-5755-B DESC.</summary>

SCP-5755-B is a European-American female, 32 years of age, with a height of 1.5m and an estimated weight of 135kg. SCP-5755-B is submissive and often displays emotional distress in the presence of SCP-5755-A. She shows obsessive affection towards all of the family members. SCP-5755-B schedule consists of leaving for work at 8:30 AM and returning to the house at 4:27 PM.

</details>

@@@@

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-5755-C DESC.</summary>

SCP-5755-C is an American male, 17 years of age, with a height of 1.7m, and an estimated weight of 72kg. SCP-5755-C is dominant and controlling towards all family members except SCP-5755-A. SCP-5755-C's schedule consists of babysitting SCP-5755-D, but has been observed to be negligent and often remains in his own room.

</details>

@@@@

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-5755-D DESC.</summary>

SCP-5755-D is an American male, 14 years of age, with a regular height, and body build for his age. SCP-5755-D is typically seen wearing a black and white hoodie with long black cargo pants. SCP-5755-D is the only individual that is self-aware about his current situation within SCP-5755. He is capable of recalling events from previous activations of SCP-5755. SCP-5755-D can consistently view the Foundation through the screen, and it refers to the screen as a window. SCP-5755-D's name is Jason Haron and was part of the Haron family when the fire burnt down the property. Jason Haron's corpse was found and identified.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>+ Footage & Audio logs</summary>

| Replay # | Notable Events |
| --- | --- |
> ****Replay 002****

> 

> SCP-5755-A prepares himself a meal while repeatedly demanding that -B tell him where his briefcase is. SCP-5755-B responds swiftly. SCP-5755-C and -D were observed to walk into the living room at a slow pace. SCP-5755-D displays curiosity asking what the family was watching on the television *(referring to the researchers notating the footage)*. 

> 

> No one in the family responds except for SCP-5755-B who chuckled and stated that the television was off. SCP-5755-D expresses confusion. He goes on to describe a sense of déjà vu of the morning events. SCP-5755-C states to -D "nobody gives a shit", which caused -C to be yelled at by -A for swearing. SCP-5755-B attempted to calm -A but resulted in a harsh reaction from -A, which left her sobbing. SCP-5755-B cleaned herself up, and both her and -A leave for their jobs. Subjects SCP-5755-C and -D stay in their house. The rest of the day consisted of SCP-5755-C and -D doing their daily activities before -A and -B return to the house.

> ****Replay 003****

> 

> SCP-5755-D expressed concern about the same events occurring from the last replay and questioned it to everyone about the situation. He acknowledged the Foundation staff observing the events through SCP-5755 and notes that they were “different from last time.”. SCP-5755-C gave the same response and the previous events mentioned in *Replay 002* have then occurred. 

> 

> Around 1:14 PM, SCP-5755-C was observed to approach -D and accused him of lying. SCP-5755-D tries to explain himself but it resulted in him being threatened violently by -C.

> ****Replay 006****

> 

> SCP-5755-D expressed curiosity toward the research team and attempted to communicate with them. Eventually, -D managed to get the team's attention and had an interview with Dr. Hunter Graves. *(See interview below)*

> ~~-~~-

> 

> ****Access document-5755-Vl-006 - Audio Log****

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5755-D

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Dr. Hunter Graves

> 

> **Foreword:** Five weeks after initial containment, research teams discussed ways to aid SCP-5755-D in order to understand how SCP-5755 works. An interview was set up for understanding SCP-5755 and informing -D about his situation.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** Greetings SCP-, *(Pauses)* my apology, please state your name?

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** Uh-Uhm, Jason, Jason Haron. I-I'm sorry, but you have something to do with this, don't you? This loop or whatever it is?

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** We didn't cause the loop, Jason. I know this would be difficult to understand, but *(Pauses)* you are contained within an unknown device that resembles that of a modern television. The loops you've been experiencing were due to us activating this device and re-watching the film for any hints on how it operates. Unfortunately, you seem to be the only self-aware individual that can recall all previous replays. We dearly apologize for the stress Jason but know we are just trying to help.

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** *(Silence)*

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** Jason?

> 

> **SCP-5755:** *(Erupts in static momentarily)*

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** Wha-what! I'm trapped in a fucking TV? How though? *(Whisper)* 'Could've been what I did?' Let me out, please!

>  

> **Dr. Graves:** It's ok Jason, we can get through this. We have two questions for you to answer if you don't mind.

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** Ok *(calms down)* ok, what are they?

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** What is your earliest memory from being outside this loop?

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** Earliest? I don't really.... burning. Smoking. A bright light. Do I deserve this?

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** Woah woah, Jason, are you ok? So, you remember the fire. I'm sorry about that. Jason, if you need to we can appoint a therapist for you to talk to about these problems. I apologize if I bring up anything but do you remember the outcome of the fire? 

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** Yea... I was rescued.

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** Rescued?... Then what happened?

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** Well I woke up in this house, and that's it.

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** All right, second question. Your family seems rather... aggressive. Were they always like this? Prior to this whole incident?

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** *(Silence)*

> 

> **SCP-5755:** *(Erupts in static momentarily)*

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** Jason, are you all right? Do you not know them?

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** *(Begins sobbing)* I don't deserve to be with them.

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** What do you mean you don't deserve to be with them?

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** *(Silence)*

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** Ok then, that's all we have for today. Jason, if you need anything, we are here for you. We will try our best to help you.

> 

> **<END LOG>**

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Closing Statement:** The interview ended with SCP-5755-D being more agitated. Dr. Hunter Graves states that the final questions may have triggered him. SCP-5755-D was now fully aware of his situation. Dr. Hunter Graves reviewed the incident involving the Haron family's house burning down. All of the house's residents were deceased, including SCP-5755-D. -D seemed to be unaware of that fact.

> ****Replay 011****

> 

> SCP-5755-D expressed high emotional distress. SCP-5755-C walked into the living area to see -D crying. SCP-5755-D attempted to convince -C of the family's situation, and pleads for -C to trust him. SCP-5755-C gave a cruel remark and began assaulting -D violently, whilst -D was still attempting to negotiate. All negotiations were unsuccessful.

> ****Replay 019****

> 

> SCP-5755-D woke up at 5:34 AM despite his usual waking schedule between 9:00 AM and 12:00 AM. SCP-5755-D was observed to sit on the couch and to start sobbing uncontrollably. He began babbling incoherently and whisper phrases that mimicked each family member's voice lines. 

> 

> SCP-5755-C walked into view and remarked as to how -D knew what phrases are said before they are said. SCP-5755-D attempted to empathize with -C as a factor for -C to trust him. SCP-5755-D discussed with -C, -A's actions. SCP-5755-C became defensive, and it resulted in -D being assaulted. SCP-5755-C accused -D of lying and teasing. SCP-5755-D laid on the ground after the attack ended. SCP-5755-D without his facial expression, began sobbing quietly.

> ****Replay 026****

> 

> SCP-5755-D expressed suicidal tendencies through several actions that solidify his current state. These actions include self-harm, high emotional distress, and SCP-5755-D verbally expressing interest in death. Dr. Hunter Graves requested another interview but was denied by SCP-5755-D for unknown reasons.

> ****Replay 028****

> 

> SCP-5755-D was observed to set up a noose whilst staring at the researchers. SCP-5755-D then proceeded to hang himself in silence. Dr. Graves attempted to interfere with the event by attempting to catch SCP-5755-D's attention, but the attempts were unsuccessful. SCP-5755-D was seen deceased throughout the rest of the replay.

> ****Replay 029 - 38****

> 

> Over the nine following days, SCP-5755-D committed suicide through several different methods. SCP-5755-D can be seen agitated throughout each replay as his attempts were unsuccessful. All suicides lead to the family calling the authorities for a suicide report. 

> ****Replay 044****

> 

> SCP-5755-D woke up six minutes after the footage began and grabbed a kitchen knife from the kitchen and walks down a hallway, not within the view of the television. SCP-5755-D returns drenched in blood and proceeded to sit on the couch, facing directly towards the researchers calmly. SCP-5755-D requests another interview to take place. The request was granted by the project director. It was apparent that SCP-5755-D was mentally unstable, as shown through his actions. 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> ****Access document-5755-Vl-044 - Audio Log****

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5755-D

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Dr Hunter Graves

> 

> **Foreword:** The goal of this interview was to calm SCP-5755-D from his current state, and to understand his situation.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** Hello doctor, how have you been?

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** Jason! We are trying to assist you. Violent actions will not be tolerated!

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** Who cares anyway? They're just going to come back again and again and again and again. They aren't even my *(Air quotes)* REAL family. Sure they look like it but they are just so annoying!

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** *(Raises voice)* That still doesn't justify your actions! What heinous act did you commit to grant you in SCP-5755?

> 

> *(Silence)*

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** SCP-5755?...

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** I... my apologies, I mean this TV. What did you d-

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** Am I a fucking experiment?

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** Jason, this isn't important. Answer the question!

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** *(Raises his voice)* WHERE AM I RIGHT NOW?

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** Look, Jason, I understand. You're scared and alone. We are tr-

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND ANYTHING!

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** *(Silence)*

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** I also don't understand anything about you sick people. No-one can save me from this fucking hell! I know you don't want to. All you want to do is... I DON'T KNOW, FUCK AROUND WITH THIS TV!

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** Jason, we tried. We really did try. But at this point, attempting to free you isn't in our current interests.

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** It never was, was it?

> 

> **Dr. Graves:** *(Silence)*

> 

> **SCP-5755-D:** We're done now.

> 

> **<END LOG>**

> ****Replay 049 – 064****

> 

> SCP-5755-D gave up escaping from SCP-5755. He has been observed taking chaotic actions, presumably due to the lack of consequences. These actions all share a common attribute with SCP-5755-D committing heinous and unnecessary acts.

> ****Replay 065****

> 

> SCP-5755-D was observed seated on the living room couch for 19 hours. Three hooded figures surrounded him for all of that time. The hooded figures chanted *'Sinner'* quietly throughout the footage. The voices were recognized and identified to be SCP-5755-D's current family. SCP-5755-D attempted to reason with the robed figures through begs and pleads; all attempts were unsuccessful. SCP-5755-D was last observed to crawl into a fetal position, sobbing as the chanting grow louder. 

> 

> When the footage ended an audible deafening wail can be heard when SCP-5755 was deactivating. At 4:47 AM, staff reported hearing persistent banging from SCP-5755's screen, which escalated quickly, eventually the screen shattered completely. SCP-5755 repaired itself after the event.

---

</details>

@@@@

<details>
<summary>+ LEVEL 4 ACCESS REQUIRED</summary>

> ****Replay 066****

> 

> The "Damned" footage is no longer available, and several new channels appeared each labeled 'Source' followed by a six-digit number. When a channel is selected, the static of SCP-5755 worsens and increases in volume. Researchers reported hearing individuals in extremely high distress as wails and screams are apparent. Each channel houses a different voice that is wailing in pain, leading researchers to believe that multiple victims of SCP-5755 are contained within the object permanently. The individual within a specific channel seems to be aware of the Foundations' presence and begins banging on the screen of SCP-5755 and beg for their aid. 

> 

> The most recent channel added was labeled "Source 012756" and listened to be a male screaming and crying specific names; including Henry, Mom, and Dad. The voice was recognized as SCP-5755-D. "Mom" and "dad" are presumed to reference subjects SCP-5755-B and SCP-5755-A. Henry has yet to be identified.

> 

> The channel menu reads *"Looking For New Source..."* followed by an ongoing throbber.

---

Note from O5-█ (12/16/2019):

*SCP-5755 is still shrouded in mystery. It is still unknown, as to how or why SCP-5755-D got imprisoned within the object. The bigger issue, however, is SCP-5755 looking for a new "source". Which we've deducted to be another victim. As of 12/16/2019, SCP-5755 is still searching. Heavy caution is advised when around the object. All further research has been discontinued per request of Dr. Graves, until further notice. If any tapping is heard from SCP-5755 screen, please report it to the site manager. Final note, for your own safety, please avoid committing any acts perceived as 'bad' around SCP-5755.*

</details>

<< [SCP-5754](SCP-5754) | SCP-5755 | [SCP-5756](SCP-5756) >>
