**ITEM #:** SCP-5184

**OBJECT CLASS:** Euclid

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** SCP-5184 is currently held in a small standard animal containment cell, designed to resemble a standard woodland environment. A feeding schedule has been implemented in accordance with SCP-5184’s dietary needs.

Electrical devices, especially internet-accessible technology, are not allowed within SCP-5184’s containment cell. The only exception to this is in the case of interviews, during which it may utilize a specialized computer that only runs a word processor program.

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-5184 is a rodent specimen of the family Sciuridae Commonly known as chipmunks.. DNA sampling has shown that SCP-5184 is an unknown species of Sciuridae, showing similarities to multiple species.

SCP-5184’s anomalous properties manifest when its teeth make contact with electrical wiring. SCP-5184 cannot be damaged by electricity and is able to send electrical signals out through its teeth to the device it is connected to. These signals operate as input commands, allowing SCP-5184 to access these electronics as though it were a human, despite not utilizing a mouse or keyboard.

SCP-5184 can understand human language and communicate back through electronic devices. SCP-5184 has shown itself to be fluent in both English and Scottish Gaelic. Testing has shown that SCP-5184 has intelligence roughly comparable to a human.

Significant addiction issues related to alcohol and smoking are ongoing with SCP-5184. While useful as incentives for testing, the health risks of a chipmunk consuming a full can of beer and smoking cigarettes regularly have been deemed too high to be allowed to continue. Addiction recovery programs are ongoing.

**Discovery:** An investigation was launched into St. Andrew’s House in Edinburgh after reports from MTF Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") arose concerning a chipmunk continually eating electrical wires safely came concurrently with reports of electronic tampering from an unknown source pushing a second Scottish Independence Referendum. 

SCP-5184 was located and attempts to bring it into Foundation custody by MTF Lambda-12 ("Pest Control") began but were halted after SCP-5184 threatened to destroy a significant amount of electronic government property. SCP-5184 was eventually lured into a beer-related trap and brought to the Foundation.

<details>
<summary>Open Interview Log-5184</summary>

> **Interviewee:** Dr. Dromeus

> 

> **Interviewer:** SCP-5184

> 

> **Notes:** SCP-5184 communicated through a specialized computer running only a word processor.

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** Good afternoon, SCP-5184.

> 

> **SCP-5184:** get tae fuck arsehole!

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** Okay, let’s try and be civil here and we can both get what we want.

> 

> **SCP-5184:** kin ye git me outta this fucking cage then

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** I’m afraid that won’t be possible.

> 

> **SCP-5184:** kin ye get me a fucking beer then

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** That can be arranged.

> 

> **SCP-5184:** k ill talk

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** I’m glad. So, it seems during your time at St. Andrew’s House you were trying to push for Scottish independence, am I right?

> 

> **SCP-5184:** yer damn right FREEDOM FER SCOTLAND

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** Okay, okay, let’s not get too riled up here.

> 

> **SCP-5184:** ill git as riled as i damn well want ya dobber

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** Okay. Well then, could you explain your interest in Scottish politics?

> 

> **SCP-5184:** of course im interested in ma fucking glorious country. what are ya, dafty?

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** If we can keep the insults slung to a minimum, that’d be excellent, thank you.

> 

> **SCP-5184:** git fucked

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** Okay then. So, your plan was to utilize your abilities to influence Scottish politics to push for another Scottish Independence Referendum, am I correct?

> 

> **SCP-5184:** YE DAMN WELL KEN IT THEY KINNAE STOP US

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** You do know the first one was rejected by popular opinion, right? What makes you think a second one will work?

> 

> **SCP-5184:** ITLL WORK CUZ ILL MAKE IT WORK OUR BRAW COUNTRY DESERVES HER PLACE IN TAE WORLD

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** I see. Now if you could calm down again-

> 

> **SCP-5184:** fuck off

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** -we’re almost done here. Could you please elaborate more on your abilities?

> 

> **SCP-5184:** no

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** Remember, cooperation is essential. You do want a beer, don’t you?

> 

> **SCP-5184:** ye will never git ma secrets ya damn yank

> 

> *(Dr. Dromeus sighs)*

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** I’m on your side. Could you please help us out here?

> 

> **SCP-5184:** no

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** Fine, moving on. There’s just one final question: how did you reach Scotland?

> 

> **SCP-5184:** ive always been here at least until ya put me in this dreich place.

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** Interesting. I would like to know more. As you would know, there are no chipmunks native to Scotland. So-

> 

> **SCP-5184:** what did ye say

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** There are no chipmunks native to Scotland. 

> 

> **SCP-5184:** not true

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** I’m afraid that’s a fact. All chipmunks in Scotland have been classified as invasive alien species.

> 

> **SCP-5184:** yer lying

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** Ah, so you didn’t know. I’m sorry.

> 

> **SCP-5184:** but Scotland’s ma home

> 

> **Dr. Dromeus:** I understand

> 

> **SCP-5184:** shut up just shut up ya fucker it is nae true im done yer fucking interviews over

> 

> *(SCP-5184 disconnects from the computer and refuses to return to it)*

> 

> **[END LOG]**

</details>

**ADDENDUM 5184-1:** As of the events of interview 5184-1, SCP-5184 has been in a depressive state. Demonstrated behavior includes eating less and refusing to conduct interviews. Dr. Dromeus has been reprimanded for the interview.

*Alright, I made a mistake. I thought this was something it knew and it clearly wasn’t. I propose we tread lightly and give it space for now. After all, it can’t be easy when your own home decides you’re not welcome. -Dr. Dromeus*

<< [SCP-5183](SCP-5183) | SCP-5184 | [SCP-5185](SCP-5185) >>
