@@@@

@@@@

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5118 is kept in a canine containment chamber on Site-65, furnished with a pet bed and a chew toy. To be rotated bi-weekly with a new one.  SCP-5118 is given a constant supply of fresh water and three meals per day consisting of dry kibble. Interaction with SCP-5118 is strictly limited to testing purposes.

---

**Description:** SCP-5118 is a Class I Reality Bender. SCP-5118 has demonstrated the ability to manifest and demanifest objects at will, as well as alter its own physiology. SCP-5118 currently resembles an adult Golden Retriever.

---

<details>
<summary>SCP-5118 Containment Log</summary>

On 08/18/2019, MTF Gate-1 ("Umpires") was dispatched to Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, disguised as citizens following several reports describing suspected alterations to reality. MTF Gate-1 was equipped with remote video and audio equipment for communication with Dr. Williams back at Site-65.

[Extraneous conversations removed.]

**MTF-Alpha:** Alright, we're here. What exactly are we looking for again?

**Dr. Williams:** Reality disturbances. From the most recent report we've intercepted, it sounds like we're dealing with a Class I.

**MTF-Alpha:** Any visual description or location?

**Dr. Williams:** Last known location was near Hyde Park. A young adult male humanoid. Probably still is if it hasn't gotten the hang of things yet.

**MTF-Alpha:** Alright, let's head over there.

*The MTF travels by foot towards Hyde Park. Several groups of civilians are seen loitering around the area.*

**MTF-Gamma:** It's gonna be a hard one to sp-

**MTF-Alpha:** Pause.

*MTF-Alpha points towards a bench a few hundred yards away. A young adult male is sitting on the bench and eating a chocolate bar from the wrapper.*

**MTF-Beta:** What? I don't see anything.

*The male on the bench finishes his chocolate bar, crumples the wrapper in one hand, and demanifests it.*

**MTF-Beta:** Well, shit. Confirming visual of target.

**Dr. Williams:** Copy. Do not engage yet. Follow the protocol.

**MTF-Alpha:** Got it. Beta, go left. Gamma, take the right. Establish a visual perimeter.

*The MTF splits off in separate directions, surrounding SCP-5118 at a distance. During the maneuver, SCP-5118 manifests a object resembling a small vine of grapes and bites into one before cursing and demanifesting the object.*

**MTF-Gamma:** No way... Did you guys see that?

**MTF-Beta:** The plastic fruit? Yeah.

**MTF-Gamma:** That was... weird.

*SCP-5118 manifests a bottle of Dazza's brand cola but struggles to untwist the cap. The subject demanifests the cap along with the top half of the bottle, spilling the beverage on itself before taking a sip.*

**MTF-Alpha:** Class I confirmed.

**Dr. Williams:** Please proceed.

*MTF-Alpha motions to the other task force members, and the three of them begin to move towards SCP-5118. The subject briefly looks up and notices MTF-Alpha walking towards it. The subject glances behind itself, notices the other two agents heading in its direction and proceeds to flee.*

**MTF-Alpha:** It's noticed us. Go, go, go!

*The three MTF members give chase. SCP-5118 quickly stops, turns around, and holds one of its hands out. A short brick wall suddenly manifests in front of the subject, though it topples over before SCP-5118 starts running again.*

**MTF-Beta:** Watch the debris, go around it!

*The agents easily overcome the pile of bricks and continue chasing SCP-5118. As it flees, it points towards a large tree and pulls its arm back. The tree shakes and some loose leaves fall, but nothing else occurs.*

**MTF-Gamma:** Did it just try to-?

**MTF-Alpha:** Keep running! Don't lose it!

*The agents begin closing the distance between themselves and SCP-5118. The subject looks back panically and swipes its arm perpendicular to the agents. A strong gust of wind suddenly knocks down MTF-Beta, but also SCP-5118.*

**MTF-Alpha:** Now! Quick!

*MTF-Alpha and MTF-Gamma move full-sprint towards the subject as it tries to regain its footing. SCP-5118 tries crawling away from the agents and, as it does, metamorphoses into its current form. Rather than continuing to flee, however, the subject instead ran towards the agents and displayed behavior identical to that of a baseline domesticated dog. This included SCP-5118 licking the agents and wagging its tail.  SCP-5118 was contained without any further incidents and transferred to Site-65.*

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>SCP-5118 Reclassification</summary>

On 09/17/2019, several attempts were made to coax SCP-5118 back into a humanoid form so that communication may be established with it.

| Method of Coaxing | Procedure | Results |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Verbal Prompting | Dr. Williams spoke to SCP-5118 through the loudspeaker of its chamber and asked it to "change back into a human so that we can talk". | Upon hearing Dr. Williams on the loudspeaker, the subject perked its ears and tail upwards. SCP-5118 began sniffing the floor of the chamber in an attempt to find the source of the voice. |
| Audio Stimulation | A single tone of 37,000 Hz was played through the loudspeaker. | SCP-5118 began howling loudly. The tone was turned off after approximately a minute, and SCP-5118 exhibited no further changes in behavior. |
| Physical Stimulation | A 1500-volt shock collar was placed on the subject and activated at the discretion of Dr. Williams. | SCP-5118 was shocked once. The subject vocalized a yelp and ran to the opposite side of the room with its tail between its legs. |
| Foundation Intervention | A Scranton Reality Anchor was set up beneath SCP-5118's chamber. | Upon activation, SCP-5118 did not react whatsoever. |
Following the above tests, several brain-imaging scans were performed on SCP-5118, including a CT and MRI. The results displayed no abnormalities from the brain of a regular baseline Golden Retriever. It is currently believed that during its encounter with MTF Gate-1, SCP-5118 altered its own psychology to that of a baseline dog due to its inexperience with its anomalous abilities. As a result, SCP-5118 is pending reclassification to "[Neutralized](http://www.scpwiki.com/form-5118-e-proposal-for-reclassification)".

</details>

---

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/deathbygin More from this author...]

---

<< [SCP-5117](SCP-5117) | SCP-5118 | [SCP-5119](SCP-5119) >>

=====

>  **Name:** Golden Retriever 2.JPG

> **Author:** [Canarian](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Canarian)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Golden_Retriever_2.JPG)

=====
