]

**Special Containment Procedures:** All SCP-5896-1 instances are to be stored within deep freeze storage to prevent the growth of SCP-5896-2. In the event of an electrical or mechanical failure in an SCP-5896-1 occupied freezer, the subject must be transferred immediately to the nearest freezer capable of producing temperatures below -47°C.

Foundation agents embedded within retirement homes are to intercept all attempted deliveries of instances of SCP-5896 ~~and to retrieve critical resources~~. All physical instances of SCP-5896 are stored within standardized small anomalous object containers ~~for further use in testing. All testing of SCP-5896 is to be overseen by and approved by head researcher Dr. Reynolds.~~ Digital instances of SCP-5896 are to be scrubbed from the internet as soon as any are identified. Any mention of "Windows 95 for Elders" is to be discredited and/or explained as an internet hoax using cover story 34-Zeta. ~~SCP-5896-2 instances should be surgically removed from every SCP-5896-1 instance every two weeks and temporarily stored within the Site-79 janitorial sector for off site disposal. Should a SCP-5896-1 instance stop developing instances of SCP-5896-2, head researcher Dr. Reynolds is to be notified immediately.~~ As of 21/07/2016 all transport of SCP-5896 or SCP-5896-2 instances outside of Site-79 is prohibited. As of 15/08/2016 all surgical removal of SCP-5896-2 instances is prohibited. All use of SCP-5896 must be approved by three members of the Ethics Committee beforehand. All use of SCP-5896-2 will result in immediate termination of employment.

**Description:** SCP-5896 refers to the Windows 95 for Elders operating system created by Slum's Computing. A computing company that creates various anomalous programs and products. Physical versions of SCP-5896 are most commonly printed on CD-ROMs, 3.5 inch floppy discs, and 5 inch floppy discs. Aside from its anomalous properties, SCP-5896 is functionally identical to the Windows 95 operating system with various minor cosmetic changes. Through numerous tests it has been discovered that SCP-5896's anomalous effects will only manifest if a subject, ages 65 and above, drills a hole approximately 3.5 millimeters in diameter into their skull while installing SCP-5896. While SCP-5896 is capable of affecting subjects under the age of 65, these subjects will be quickly terminated via an electrical shock generated by unknown means.

Physical SCP-5896 instances come bundled with a Windows 95 user manual with a single page added describing how to properly install SCP-5896, leading to the creation of a biomechanical organism designated as SCP-5896-1. A 3.5 millimeter cable composed of copper wiring and brain matter extends from the computer's motherboard into the instance's brain, serving the purpose of data transfer between the SCP-5896-1 instance and computer. Occasionally, various computer components will grow within SCP-5896-1 instances; these components often are visible beneath the instance's skin, these growths have been designated as SCP-5896-2. Currently there are 500 instances of SCP-5896-1 ~~within Foundation custody~~ stored at Site-79; to date only 5 instances of SCP-5896-1 have been discovered outside of Foundation custody. SCP-5896-1 instances frequently produce text files expressing pain and requests for termination; personnel are expected to ignore them.

SCP-5896-2 are tumorous growths that develop within every SCP-5896-1 instance~~, and may cause brain death in its host if not removed within two weeks~~. On average, each SCP-5896-1 instance will host 7 instances of SCP-5896-2. ~~No method has been found to arrest the growth of SCP-5896-2 instances.~~ Excised instances of SCP-5896-2 are roughly spherical and 1 meter in diameter. They are able to anomalously host up to 1 petabyte of data each and can interface with all known wired data-transfer standards through traumatic insertion. Once connected to a computer SCP-5896-2 instances appear as a nameless hard drive.

Maximum storage capacity of SCP-5896-2 instances will change depending on how long they are left attached to SCP-5896-1 instances. The highest recorded storage capacity is 50 petabytes after an SCP-5896-2 instance had been left to develop for a year. SCP-5896-2 instances will become much more unstable as they develop; because of this the previously mentioned SCP-5896-2 instance will sporadically delete files stored on it. The highest stable maximum storage capacity is 20 terabytes after an SCP-5896-2 instance is able to develop for 2 weeks.

<details>
<summary>Statement regarding recent events</summary>

The former head researcher, Dr. Reynolds, has had his employment terminated due to various breaches in both ethical and professional standards. These violations in standards include unapproved transport of numerous anomalous objects, creation of numerous anomalous objects without approval from site management, wasteful use of critical resources, intentional inclusion of incorrect information in SCP documentation, use of anomalous objects for profit, and black market sale of anomalous objects. Due to the gross misuse of SCP-5896, it has come under the custody of the Ethics Committee. Foundation personnel found to be assisting Dr. Reynolds and/or purchasing SCP-5896 instances have been placed on a 7 month probation; further breaches in conduct will result in termination of employment.

</details>

<< [SCP-5895](SCP-5895) | SCP-5896 | [SCP-5897](SCP-5897) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
