/* GENERAL */

 :root{

   ~~lgurl: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/component:pride-highlighter/tg_logo.svg);

}

 #page-title{

     display: none;

}

/* DIV BLOCKS */

 .oscp{

     margin: 1em 0;

     padding: 0 1em;

     color: hsl(5, 59%, 66%);

     background-color: hsl(5, 100%, 11%);

     border: 3px ridge hsl(5, 60%, 44%);

     font-size: 1.35em;

}

 table.mimicUpload{

     margin: 0 auto;

}

 table.mimicUpload td{

     vertical-align: top;

     padding: 0.2em 1em;

}

 .typeborder{

     float: right;

     width: 20em;

     padding: 2px;

     background-color: hsl(0, 100%, 100%);

     border: 1px solid hsl(0, 0%, 47%);

}

 @media (max-width: 479px){

     table.mimicUpload td{

         float: left;

         padding: 0;

    }

}

 

**Published on 26 Feb 2021** 

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

SCP-5810

{{OSCP BOOT SEQUENCE INITIATED}}

{{WELCOME, @@**_**@@}}

@@ @@

You jolt awake, pry open your eyes, and yank a clenched fist to your chest.

*…*

You're still in your chair. Wincing, you release your fingernails from your palm.

*am i alone?*

The light at the aged terminal grows, needles piercing.

@@ @@

> **Item Number:** |

@@ @@

*not alone.*

You hunch down, trying to look small — a force of habit. You toggle the display settings and crank the brightness down.

Unkindly bouts of inner monologue spin through your head. Over, and over, and over again. They're yours, of course, but they feel so… *defective*. Your synapses fire and make sense of the noise.

@@ @@

> **Item Number:** SCP-5810

@@ @@

You force yourself to recall.

@@ @@

> **Containment Class:** Keter (Uncontained)

@@ @@

You press the tip of your tongue into the familiar nook behind your front teeth, squeezing.

@@ @@

> **Special Containment Procedures:** In the event of a suspected SCP-5810 sighting, several methods of temporary evasion have been conjectured. To date, the most consistent method involves avoiding SCP-5810-associated thoughts for as long as they persist. This remains sufficient, provided that SCP-5810-A reaffirms any deeply held beliefs by use of self-distraction, to suppress fear or insecurity|

@@ @@

With trembling fingers, you herd a stray lock of hair behind your left ear.

@@ @@

> SCP-5810 is localized to the research and residency compound of Area-75; until it is quarantined by SCP-5810-A, it cannot be considered contained.

@@ @@

Bile coats your esophagus. You swallow. You shudder. You continue.

@@ @@

> **Description:** SCP-5810 is |

@@ @@

Something creaks. Where — in one of the adjacent workspaces? At the threshold leading into the corridor? Or was it more than a creak — behind you?

Your veins freeze. You panic. You fall forward and curl up beneath the workstation. A dozen negative thoughts stream through your head.

@@ @@*why did you come here?*

@@  @@*pathetic.*

@@    @@*just face the world.*

@@        @@*you could fucking end this.*

@@                @@*why are you wasting everyone's time?*

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

After a brief stretch of relative silence, the panic subsides. That was the HVAC kicking in, wasn't it? Must've been — you settle with that.

*get up.*

@@ @@

> **Description:** SCP-5810 is a Type-II Amorphous Entity currently occupying Research Area-75.

@@ @@

You glance across the vacant room out a nearby window, unable to see far into the night. The building's lights are off, save for strips of emergency lamps lining the halls. You are alone.

*…no, i'm not. i'm not alone.*

You maintain focus. You inhale, taking in a film of dust, nearly choking. You flicker your eyes across the screen.

@@ @@

> No complete physical description of SCP-5810 exists; all known information is circumstantial and anecdotal. SCP-5810 is an opportunistic predator, observed stalking prospective prey between sunset and sunrise for a period of three to four weeks, forgoing full emergence until the final few days of predation. This is surmised to|

@@ @@

You shudder, a breath escapes from deep in your chest.

@@ @@

@@ @@

You try collecting what comes next, leaning back.

@@ @@

@@ @@

The terminal runs a memetihazard inoculation check while on idle.

@@ @@

@@ @@

How long have you been in the dark?

@@ @@

> SCP-5810 victims (designated **SCP-5810-A**) invariably suffer from mild anxiety, paranoid thoughts, infrequent to frequent panic attacks, and in rare instances, hallucinations and delusional ideation.

@@ @@

How long have you been so afraid?

@@ @@

It remains to be seen whether these are:

# In response to SCP-5810,

# A set of behaviours exhibited by its would-be prey, or

# A quality of its prey that it feeds on.

@@ @@

How long has it pursued you? It was… Since you first transferred in for that long-term research stay — to fill a spot left vacant.

You can't recall how you got *here*, but your last memory is from your bed. You lay there, paralyzed and alone, for the sixth night in a row. Your shirt stuck to your back with sweat. Each night before you, the site looked emptier, until you felt like the last person around.

Tonight, the shadows in the corner seem broader than ever before.

@@ @@

> SCP-5810 preys on an awareness of its existence; as an understanding of the entity progresses, SCP-5810-A instances suffer from increasing apprehension and physical isolation.

@@ @@

You don't look. You distract yourself; opening your personal storage, you search for the image that captures when you first felt truly alone.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+ UPLOAD EVIDENCE</summary>

**Select a file on your computer**

IMG_20190113_201633.jpg

**Describe the file for others:**

Taken behind research building. On-site residency is at left of frame. SCP-5810 watches in distance. Don't look for it.

Max 100 characters (-19 characters left)

**Preview:**

@@ @@

Is that it? Enough to prove it exists? You upload the file and continue.

@@ @@

> ++ ****DISCOVERY****

> 

> Containment Specialist @@**_**@@ @@____@@ first deduced the existence of SCP-5810 on 11 January 2019 after relaying her experience to Dr. Herman Weber, [Site Psychiatrist](containment-psychiatry-orientation).

@@ @@

You add what you know, and quick. It doesn't matter; just make a record. Someone *has* to.

@@ @@

> In a later mental health diagnostic, @@____@@ alleged the entity pursued her for six days, and that it first targeted her at least three weeks before.

@@ @@

You no longer spot the lights in the hall. Only the light on your screen remains. You assert that you are not alone.

@@ @@

> @@____@@ claimed the entity made its first physical appearance after entering her quarters from beneath a locked door, watching her for hours while she lay frozen in fear.

@@ @@

In your periphery, you swear the door creeps inward.

@@ @@

> @@____@@ requested site transfer — **denied**.

@@ @@

You try not to look. You focus straight ahead, unblinking.

@@ @@

> @@____@@'s quarters found empty with no signs of a str|

@@ @@

Visual snow fills the edges of your vision. You squeeze your eyes shut.

@@ @@

@@  @@You're still.

@@ @@

Erratic heartbeat thrums in your chest. You wish it, too, would go out.

@@ @@

@@    @@You're silent.

@@ @@

Where is it? Creeping across the floor. Glaring at you from a vantage point in the corner. Towering behind you. Where. Is. It?

@@ @@

@@        @@You're not alone.

@@ @@

The terminal light fades. You panic. You cry out. No sound comes. Fear shackles you down. A hundred thoughts rattle through your mind. Your teeth clench like vice grip. You become light-headed. You try focusing--

Too late. You thrash in the darkness, trying to strike the surface. Stars fill your eyes.

With one pained choke, you lash out your arm and

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= **[*https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-5810/IMG_20190113_201828.jpg + EXAMINE EVIDENCE]**

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= << [SCP-5809](SCP-5809) | [Lt Flops](floppyphoenix) | [SCP-5811](SCP-5811) >>

=====

> **Filename:** IMG_20190113_201633.jpg

> **Name:** {{N/A}}

> **Author:** 

> **License:** [Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-SA 3.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-5810/IMG_20190113_201633.jpg

> **Note:** I took and edited this image.

> **Filename:** IMG_20190113_201828.jpg

> **Name:** {{N/A}}

> **Author:** 

> **License:** [Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-SA 3.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-5810/IMG_20190113_201828.jpg

> **Note:** I took and edited this image.

=====
