[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=scp-5224[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.wikidot.com/what-lurks-below-sebarus-s-author-page[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments=

= ***SCP-5224: Hecking Frogs by ***

]]

}

#page-content > .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-content {

    text-align: left;

}

.addendum {

    border:solid 2px #999999;

    background:#F5F5F5;

    width:84%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5224 is held in a waterless terrarium otherwise suited for amphibians. SCP-5224 is never to come within 100 meters of water.

Frogs created by SCP-5224 must be terminated and disposed of per standard biological waste disposal methods.

**Description:** SCP-5224 is a female marsh frog *(Pelophylax ridibundus)*. It does not experience senescence, and it does not need to eat, drink or breathe.

If SCP-5224 croaks within 100 meters from a body of water, it will start to go through eutrophication, A process in which excessive growth of algae in water is caused by overt amounts of minerals and nutrients.  and additional members of the order *Anura* Frogs.  will begin to manifest within it. Said frogs will always be native to the area, and the rate of frogs produced is 5000 per 1 cubic meter per second. This will continue until SCP-5224 stops croaking.

After manifestation, produced frogs will instantly head towards the nearest site of plant agriculture. Upon arrival, they will begin to consume insect life at a rate that is highly damaging to the ecological balance of the region.  Aside from this and their method of creation, produced frogs are non-anomalous.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ Addendum 5224.1 ◀</summary>

**Incident Report 5224.1:** On 29/01/21, a peregrine falcon holding a clay pot materialized in SCP-5224's containment chamber. It dropped the pot, grabbed SCP-5224, and disappeared.

Upon inspection, carvings on the pot were found to contain a message written in hieroglyphic script:

> Apologies for any problems my wife might have caused. Sent our son to fetch her. She's been a little confused ever since the days of Babylon when she became associated with plagues instead of fertility and crops.

> 

> If y'all could stop changing our domains, that'd be appreciated.

> 

> With love, Khnum.

Investigation into the whereabouts of SCP-5224 is ongoing.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-5223](SCP-5223) | SCP-5224 | [SCP-5225](SCP-5225) >>

---
