.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5178 is to be contained at Site-88 in a soundproof, humanoid containment cell installed with recording equipment. A transcription and cognitohazard filtration program should be running simultaneously to document live broadcasts while removing hazards. These transcripts are to be reviewed daily by assigned research staff. All requests for direct audio files should be given to Head Researcher Dr. Nick Copper.

During periods of musical interludes, SCP-5178’s vitals are to be checked and its containment cell cleaned when necessary. Any noticeable change in SCP-5178's vitals or behavior must be reported to assigned research staff or an on-site supervisor.

Any staff who have been exposed to POI-7134’s live or recorded audio broadcast between 06/20/2020 (**Incident-5178-1**) and 08/07/2020 (**Incident-5178-2**) or know of someone who has shown a vested interest in POI-7134's ideology are to refer to Dr. Copper’s email below.

**UPDATE:** As of 09/18/2020 (Refer to **Incident-5178-3**), SCP-5178's containment class has been updated to Keter with the approval of the Classification Committee. Agents are currently investigating new instances of SCP-5178 for containment and for any information on POI-7134's whereabouts, including information on his recent radio broadcast sponsor. Containment procedures may change pending further updates.

**Description:** SCP-5178 is an elderly, Caucasian male speculated to be in his late sixties. SCP-5178's identity is unknown but has been referred to as "Broadcast Station WYLI" by POI-7134. SCP-5178 is in a constant semi-catatonic state, where he is unwilling and/or incapable of speaking and has rarely reacted to stimuli. SCP-5178's body heals from physical damage at an extremely fast rate, regenerating tissue and organs near instantly without scarring. This regeneration is speculated to be the reason why SCP-5178 does not possess the need to eat or sleep. SCP-5178's only behavioral trait is his preference to sit in one location with his abdomen exposed to project radio broadcasts.

Protruding from SCP-5178's abdomen is a Philips brand radio with technology constructed around the late 90s. The skin around the radio appears to have been charred and inflamed by the alteration, which is inconsistent with SCP-5178’s regeneration. The radio is fully functional and SCP-5178 shows no signs of discomfort from its presence or usage, but any attempt to interact with it, including turning off the radio, is corrected by SCP-5178.

The only transmission receivable through SCP-5178 is a talk show entitled "Eat The Sun with Seth Uhar" regardless of what frequency the radio is set to. Seth Uhar, classified as POI-7134, and his recording studio’s location are untraceable. Whether or not POI-7134 is human is unknown, but he has claimed several times to be from a society "several steps ahead" of ours. POI-7134's voice resembles an English-speaking human male in his late 20s and speaks with an American accent.

POI-7134's radio show is hosted live and uninterrupted, consisting of segments where he shares his belief that human society ought to detach itself from all systems and beliefs that glorify the sun as opposed to viewing it as a replaceable resource, frequently suggesting it will cause an apocalyptic event if action is not taken soon. POI-7134 also occasionally refers to an individual named "Ule" who is never heard speaking but is believed to be present in all live recordings. “Ule's" main role on the show is unknown but POI-7134's comments suggest it to be essential. No other information is currently known about "Ule".

In between live segments are musical breaks consisting of songs relating in either title or lyrics to the sun, which are then played at various playback speeds.The most frequently played songs are "Soak Up The Sun" by Sheryl Crow at 1.75x playback speed, "Sunshine Of Your Love" by Cream at 0.5x playback speed, and "Walkin' On The Sun" by Smash Mouth at various playback speeds. It has been suggested based on comments from POI-7134 that this is done to stay in sync with our “temporal continuum.” Typical programming between musical breaks consists of the following:Programming does not follow a standard 24-hour schedule and so segments have no set time-frame, occurring randomly at an average rate of 16-18 times per day.

* Monologues where POI-7134 talks to the audience about his "anti-solarist" ideology. A majority of the information the Foundation has gained on POI-7134 comes from these segments.

* Skits entitled "Sunless Days" about two humans living in a society without the sun and all the technological feats they are capable of. POI-7134's portrayal of the human characters showcases his loose grasp of human customs and terminology.

* A segment entitled "SOL-less Conversations" involving interviews between POI-7134 and guests of a supposed otherworldly/paranormal nature, consistently discussing the benefits of removing their respective sun. So far, none of the guests has been able to speak any recognizable form of language.

* Requests for listeners to call in with questions. No phone number is provided, yet POI-7134 advertises this segment frequently. This includes requests for sponsorship.

<details>
<summary>+ Recovery Report</summary>

**Recovery Report**

SCP-5178 was discovered on 04/17/2020, in Lake Wylie, SC, living in a homeless camp in an undeveloped, heavily forested area after reports came into the local Police Department regarding a mutilated homeless man with a radio sticking out of his stomach. Foundation agents embedded in the local law enforcement took over the investigation soon after.

Agent Arnold Castor was first on the scene at 05:34 PM, reporting that several of the other homeless locals had gathered around SCP-5178, who was wearing a Burger King paper crown at the time. Another camp resident admitted to placing the crown on SCP-5178 to see how he reacted, and he reportedly did nothing in response. Residents present could not say exactly when SCP-5178 first arrived at the camp but most confirmed the first radio broadcast occurred around 08:30 AM.

Keith Sturges, a resident at the camp, stated, “I woke up around 5 and he was already there, sitting on that stump. We didn’t bother him at first; you get a lot of guys in a bad spot showing up and normally we respect them enough to leave them be. A few hours after Wojack, the ass, put that crown on his head...That’s when he opened his shirt and began to play that nutty show. At first, we freaked out. After the shock faded away, we thought it was a prank, but then we...just kind of accepted it the longer he kept going. It was free entertainment, as strange as the subject was, so we didn’t complain.”

Once Agent Castor confirmed the anomalous state of the man's condition and the content of the radio broadcasts, he reported his findings and had SCP-5178 transported to Site-88 for further testing. All individuals present at the homeless camp and all of the police officers involved were given class-C amnestics. All mentions of SCP-5178 were removed from local law enforcement records. Dr. Copper was assigned to SCP-5178 as head researcher, and recordings of POI-7134's radio show began on 04/19/2020 after initial testing showed no harmful effects from the broadcast. While SCP-5178's containment proved simple, due to the possibility that his semi-catatonic state may lessen over time, he was classified as Euclid.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Selected Transcripts</summary>

****Transcript-#0001 for 04/19/2020 from 08:01 AM to 08:06 AM****

**["California Sun" by The Ramones at 0.5x playback speed fades out. Intro song plays.]**

**POI-7134:** Welcome back, my human folks and friends. That was..."California Sun", by The Ramones.

So, it’s currently a time dictated by an inaccurate ball of dirt orbiting a titan of uncaring flames, and it is currently a temperature that you have no direct control over without breaking your own darn sky.

I’m your host, Seth Uhar, as always.

I wanted...to take time out to explain, as I regularly must do, the message we here at "Eat The Sun with Seth Uhar" hold as gospel.

"Eat The Sun."

No, of course, I don’t mean literally. If you could eat the sun, it would have nothing nutritional for you at this stage in your evolution, and I wouldn’t feel the intense need to make this show for you all. I don’t think any mortal, singular life-form can eat the sun, but a society of mortal, singular life-forms could swallow it whole. The sun is very nutritious for a growing, technologically-advanced society. It's filled with elements, minerals, and energy that could fuel your next octillion generations!

But why won’t you?

Because you fell into the trap that so many do. Like star-crossed insects...slamming into light bulbs, you mistake the sun as the logical thing to orientate your society on when it should NOT be like that at all!

Do you know what your sun is actually like?! Do you know what your sun has actually done?! Do you know what your sun could actually do to you?! NO!

Oh, but what about our mythical cultures and gods? Like poor *Helios*? What will he and *Surya* do? And what would *Ra*, or *Osiris*, or...whatever he is, think?

**[POI-7134 slams loudly on a desk.]**

**POI-7134:** WELL, WHAT ABOUT YOUR EYES? YOU AREN’T SUPPOSED TO LOOK AT THE SUN WITH YOUR EYES! COME ON! It’s obvious!

Before your minds could even conceive of stealing the flames from your supposed *Olympus*, your eyes were screaming the truth to you all along. That it is a harmful, bright blight, too dangerous to even gaze upon from the safety of your caves and treetops! The sun is a convenience to you right now, a teat that humanity must wrestle its puckered lips from.

If you don't...well, if I’m not mistaken, is it not common among humans to cast derision on those who refuse to drop infantile habits?

Am I wrong? I don't think I am.

**[POI-7134 sighs heavily.]**

**POI-7134:** Forget what you think is part of the true natural order and take that first step into a new dimension of thought; sunless, without burning eyes…alongside me.

You are capable of so, so much more, I know it.

You know it.

THE SUN KNOWS IT.

IT WILL FEAR THAT TRUTH SHOULD YOU EMBRACE IT! SO EMBRACE IT!

EAT THE SUN!

EAT IT!

*EAT IIIIIIT!*

**[POI-7134 takes several breaths before clearing his throat.]**

**POI-7134:** Thank you for listening. Now, we take you to Smash Mouth with… “Walkin’ On The Sun.”

**[Background music fades out. "Walkin' On The Sun" plays at 2.15x speed.]**

****Transcript-#0029 for 04/21/2020 from 01:07 AM to 01:10 AM****

**(Text has been colored to indicate the character POI-7134 is portraying in the skit.)**

**["Steal My Sunshine" by Len at 1.1x playback speed fades out. Intro song plays.]**

**POI-7134:** It's another day...another one of those beautiful...*"Sunless Days."*

**[Music fades into the background.]**

**POI-7134 (in a deep voice):** Ahhh...another great 4 hours of sleep, just how I like it!

**[POI-7134 imitates a yawn.]**

**POI-7134 (in a deep voice):** Time to head to work.

**[Soundclip of footsteps plays followed by a soundclip of a door opening.]**

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):** Hi dearie! I just finished my shift at the Hydrogen Plant and dinner is ready!

Oh! I guess for you I should be saying...breakfast is ready!

**[Soundclip of an audience laugh track plays.]**

**POI-7134 (in a deep voice):** That's great! What was the sky like for you today?

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):** Mmmmm...Well, the weather government said they scheduled for this chrono-unit to be clear skies! So, I went with a quasi-blue and pink, floral sky.

With my reminders posted on all the clouds. The usual!

**[POI-7134 imitates a high-pitched laugh]**

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):** What about my honey? What custom sky are you choosing for your day at the...

**[Sounds of papers being moved.]**

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):**...Solar Hunting Business?

**POI-7134 (in a deep voice):** Yes! Well, you know me! Just a regular blue sky for me!

I guess I'm old-fashioned like that, but I did install a visualizer for when I play music.

Helps me focus my... mind on my Solar Hunting Business...bounties?

Yes! Bounties! And I can adjust the brightness too. Look!

**[Soundclip of footsteps plays.]**

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):** But dearie, we have personalized skies! How can you change my sky preferences...wait!

**[Soundclip of a plane flying plays.]**

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):** It looks like there's a message in the sky.

Will you...engage to me!? OH DEARIE! I WILL!

**POI-7134 (in a deep voice):** Thanks, my dear honey! None of this would have been possible...

With the sun...I love you, honey!

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):** I love you also dearie!

**[Soundclip of kissing plays along with an audience awing. Outro music begins playing]**

**POI-7134:** That was just a glimpse of what your tomorrow could look like.

Look forward to more future...*"Sunless Days."*

Now...let's enjoy "Brighter Than Sunshine" by the band Aqualung.

**["Brighter Than Sunshine" by Aqualung at 0.5x playback speed fades in.]**

****Transcript-#0234 for 05/02/2020 from 03:47 PM to 03:51 PM****

**["Sun King" by The Beatles at 3.0x playback speed fades out. Intro song plays.]**

**POI-7134:** Welcome back! Right now, it's time for our next segment, "SOL-less Conversations!" Where I interview celebrities from all across existence to talk about their experience with going SOL-less, as I like to call it.

As of this moment, I have, in our very own studio, a very special guest. Please welcome...█████████████!

**(Note: █████████████ is believed to be related to an on-going investigation into SCP-████, and thus has been censored to avoid any possible anomalous cross-contamination.)**

**[Soundclip of an audience clapping plays along with POI-7134's clapping. A muted gurgle and what sounds like something heavy rolling across the ground can be heard approaching the microphone.]**

**POI-7134:** It's great to have you here █████████████. You have quite the history of helping rising life-forms exist without their suns, and I do want to get into that in a moment.

**█████████████: [Sounds of something possibly organic opening. A loud gurgle can be heard for 9 seconds, followed by several small gasps for air for 7 seconds afterwards.]**

**POI-7134:** Yes, yes, I know you've had a few controversies come up within this epoch, and I don't like getting into drama so we won't discuss that topic.

I would just like to warn you that our audience h-

**█████████████: [Begins babbling incoherently for 5 seconds, accompanied by a rising gurgling in the background for 1.5 seconds. █████████████ is cut-off by a censorship tone lasting for 3 seconds.]**

**POI-7134:** Whoaaa! Easy there...hahaha...we can't just be letting off cognito-bombs like that on live air...█████████████... as I said, we'll be avoiding those topics.

I know-

**█████████████: [Loud sounds of teeth-gnashing begin, as babbling starts for only a fraction of a second before a 5-second censorship tone is played.]**

**[Sounds of someone grabbing the microphone to cover it are heard throughout the next section. Audio from POI-7134 is muffled slightly.]**

**POI-7134:** WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO DO TO ME!? █████████████ YOU FU...YOU KNOW THEY LISTEN TO THE SHOW NOW! RIGHT?! They're-(unintelligible)-now and you want to bring up old scars like this? I can't have you-(unintelligible)-just go.

Ule, get him out. Now...

**[Muffling stops. A persistent, low growl can be heard in the background.]**

**POI-7134:** Ha ha! Well, looks like that's all the time we have!

I'd like to thank █████████████, but now we're going to go to "Soak U-"

**█████████████: [Growling grows to a deep rumble while several voices are heard gurgling and gasping for air for around 2.5 seconds, followed by what sounds like bones popping.]**

**[Sounds of objects clattering to the floor are heard.]**

**POI-7134:** SHERYL CROW...NOW!

**[A censorship tone is played for 5 seconds before "Soak Up The Sun" by Sheryl Crow at 1.75x playback speed immediately cuts in without a fade in.]**

**(Note: This broadcast is believed to be the first indirect reference to the SCP Foundation by POI-7134, suggesting he is aware of who is listening to his program to some extent.)**

</details>

**Addendum-1**

**Incident-5178-1:** On 06/20/2020, Audio Analysis Specialist Ramiz Kola noted that POI-7134's overall audio quality had improved, though he was unable to discern exactly in what regard it had changed. Ramiz noted the improvement made him uncomfortably enthusiastic to continue listening. Over the following week, an increase to staff accessing SCP-5178's broadcasts spiked. Several members of on-site staff started showing positive feelings towards listening to the broadcast, promoting serious discussions regarding the feasibility of POI-7134's ideology and started engaging in behavior spurred by their desire to support and spread the show's influence. Researchers began testing the radio broadcast with D-Class subjects and discovered a minor compulsory anomalous effect was present within the audio. New containment procedures were then put in place by Dr. Copper to minimize further exposure to the program. Following this, a site-wide email was sent to all staff regarding the incident.

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** Site-88 Research Staff

**From:** Dr. Nick Copper, Level 4 Head Researcher

**Subject:** Regarding Staff and SCP-5178

---

All,

It has come to my attention that, as of June 6th, SCP-5178’s broadcasts now contains a low-grade cognitohazard embedded in live and recorded audio, causing those under its effects increased enjoyment and a compulsion to continue listening to the program. It has also come to our attention that several members of staff accessed SCP-5178’s audio files without permission during this period and are now under the effects of this cognitohazard.

Thankfully, the anomaly is not spreadable outside of SCP-5178’s broadcasts and the effects should fade within the month. Containment procedures have been updated to stop any further spread of the anomaly. Staff afflicted by the cognitohazard, including myself, will be given a psychological analysis by an on-site psychologist within the following weeks.

However, recent decisions made by some of those researchers can not be excused by this anomaly, and what we need from you is to show a little self-control, even if you feel you are  under the effects of a cognitohazard.

The following actions are not a symptom of SCP-5178's cognitohazard:

* Accessing [SCP-756](SCP-756) to destroy their sun in order to "See what happens."

* Wearing sunglasses and sunscreen while inside and during inappropriate situations.

* Closing all the blinds in the facility.

* Excessive consumption of sunflower seeds.

* Sunflower seed shells not being properly disposed of.

* Sharing images, videos, and memes relating to SCP-5178 on site-wide work chatrooms.

* Sending distressing messages to [SCP-179](SCP-179) or [SCP-2499](SCP-2499) relating to the sun.

* Accessing files relating to [SCP-037](SCP-037), [SCP-4074](SCP-4074), or [SCP-2995](SCP-2995) without a work-related reason.

* Any over usage of the sun with face emoji (🌞.)

All individuals responsible for these actions have been appropriately reprimanded and anyone else caught engaging in these or similar behaviors going forward may also be equally punished. Proper discussions of SCP-5178 and POI-7134’s ideology will be put on hold for 3 months until we can confirm the cognitohazard’s effects have faded. Until then, I ask that you be patient and that you show some professionalism in the workplace in spite of any perceived anomalies, not abandon common sense at the first sign of symptoms.

Thank you,

Dr. Nick H. Copper

</details>

---

**Addendum-2**

**Update:** On 07/27/2020, Junior Researcher Jaquita Carson began noticing long stretches of dead-air on the transcription logs between songs and live segments. POI-7134's tone of voice became significantly more downtrodden, and an overall lack of composure became increasingly apparent as it resulted in frequent on-air emotional outbursts (See **Incident Related Transcripts**.) This resulted in a drop in the number of live segments featured daily From an average of 16-18 segments per day to around 8. and long stretches where a single song was looped repeatedly before going to the next song.

<details>
<summary>+ Incident Related Transcripts</summary>

****Transcript-#1578 for 07/27/2020 from 12:04 PM to 12:08 PM****

**["Black Hole Sun" by Soundgarden at 1.25x playback speed fades out. Intro song plays.]**

**POI-7134:** ...Well...(Sighs)...it's another day...another...y'know...

One of those *"Sunless Days,"* or whatever.

**[Music fades into the background.]**

**POI-7134 (in a slightly deep voice):** Oh what a great day without the sun.

Love it.

Glad it's gone.

Whoo-hoo...

**[POI-7134 sighs and stays silent for 10 seconds.]**

**POI-7134:** You know...

I'm..so...glad that someone got it done.

I mean, I don't know who it was who did it.

Maybe a super-secret organization protecting us from the shadows was behind it.

**POI-7134:** Yeah- **(Coughs, deepens pitch)** YEAH. That kind of organization would have the funds, research, resources, personnel, expertise, and authority to get rid of that pesky fireball for us. I'd be so glad if that were the case.

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):** So true! Only the smartest people would work there! That's the only way they could have figured it out!

I mean...we have our history data logs... but it's likely this cool, badass group would be the only ones to know the truth, right?

**POI-7134 (in a deep voice):** Especially if they lock up all...like...the weird stuff and people in the world.

They would have noooo excuse not to know the sun was bad! At all. Seriously.

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):** Yeah, for sure.

It would be stupid of these hidden heroes not to act on that info.

If they *were* behind it.

...

**[POI-7134 waits 4 seconds before clearing his throat, but is cut off by a stinger played by a theremin.]**

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):** Thanks-AHEM!

If these...fabled mavericks of safety didn't jump on it...why, someone else could've beaten them to the punch.

**[POI-7134 sighs.]**

**POI-7134 (in a high voice):** I sure hope it was the...*Secretive Controlling Party* who did it. I'M SURE we can trust they weren't too slow to not be the ones behind our SUNLESS DAYS! Of course we can...

Or can we?

**[A sound clip of a thunderbolt and stinger instrumental piece plays. Outro music begins playing]**

**POI-7134:** Can we? Gee...I sure hope so. I suuuure hope so.

Anyways, that was *"Sunless Days."*

Here's Soundgarden again.

**[POI-7134 can be heard sighing as the outro song fades out. "Black Hole Sun" by Soundgarden at 1.25x playback speed begins.]**

****Transcript-#1652 for 08/07/2020 from 07:30 PM to 07:33 PM****

**["People Of The Sun" by Rage Against The Machine at 0.5x playback speed fades out. Intro song plays.]**

**POI-7134:** Well...hello...every...one.

I would say that I have a special guest with us on "SOL-less Conversations"...a multi-ego group that comes from the esteemed Manozoan plane...

...But I cannot. Want to know why?

They bailed.

Said that our influencing wavelengths were too low to *accommodate.*

GEE! I WONDER WHY!?

**[Sounds of hands hitting a table repeatedly.]**

**POI-7134:** I!

WONDER!

WHY!

**[POI-7134 groans until it becomes a sudden shout. Sounds of papers being thrown can be heard]**

**POI-7134:** Would it help that I'm SORRY!? Okay? About the engagement amp...

**(Note: Assumed to be referring to Incident-5178-1)**

**POI-7134:** I didn't make it that strong, I just wanted you to pay attention!

Do you think I do this as a game? A joke? A universal oddity to be scoffed and stuffed away?

What do I have to do for you to stop analyzing and just pay attention?!

DAMMIT!

**[Sound of a loud thud.]**

**POI-7134:** The! Sun! Must! Be! Eaten! I can't stress how serious I am!

LISTEN! I'm not familiar with your time continuum! It's weird and linear and I'm just not used to that!

I don't know how long it will take, or how long you have, or how much time I'm wasting here...but I know that time is running out with every word I STRAIN to utter. So you need to trust me!

I know that's hard for you...

Look, I'll turn it off. Hold on...

**[Sounds of POI-7134 getting up.]**

**POI-7134 (In the distance):** ULE! Help me-(unintelligible)-off this mistake...never should have listened to (unintelligible)...is this it? What? No...

I heard! (unintelligible)-said it was this one, right? Which quad-(unintelligible)-angle does this switch need to be p-

**(See Incident-5178-2)**

****Transcript-#1699 for 08/17/2020 from 08:11 PM to 08:22 PM****

**["Sunshine Of Your Love" by Cream at 1.15x playback speed fades out. 1 minute of silence follows.]**

**[POI-7134 is heard muffling a sob before sniffling.]**

**POI-7134:** Why?

Why don't you get it?

**[More sniffling is heard]**

**POI-7134:** Is it the animals...the plants? Are you worried about them? You should be beyond that thinking...but you aren't like that...are you?

**[Silence for 5 seconds]**

**POI-7134:** Am I too early?

No...No, I don't think I'm too late...I couldn't be...

I can't tell anymore! I CAN'T TELL ANY FU-

**[POI-7134 slams on something, followed by a censor tone.]**

**POI-7134:** Oww...t-thank you Ule...you've always got my back...

A-a-and WYLI? I'm sorry I couldn't warn them...t-that I couldn't keep our promise...but you've done a fantastic job regardless...

**(Note: SCP-5178, for the first time, appeared to smile on surveillance footage. Staff later reported during cleaning that SCP-5178’s cheeks were wet, but had returned to being expressionless.)**

**POI-7134:** And to you listeners...or I guess I should say readers...my most valuable and dedicated readers...

Ramiz...Jaquita...Arnold...Kipp...and especially you, Nick.

**(Note: All the names referred to in this section match the names of the research staff assigned to SCP-5178's audio recordings/transcripts.)**

I wish you understood...that out here...some of us are rooting for you.

We want you to succeed.

But there are traps...unfair conditions ahead. If you aren't careful...I don't...

**[POI-7134 audibly sobs for 1 minute.]**

**POI-7134:** PLEASE! Let my broadcast station go! Let my message reach someone who can do something! If you can't...

Then do something yourself! Anything!

I thought...I thought I could get through to you...that you would see the truth.

The sun...the sun...is the only guaranteed death waiting for you...if you continue to stall...

I've seen so many fail to escape the worship of their star. Time and again, it foils the lives of trillions who desire the embrace of other heavenly bodies, to witness other possible worlds and races...

A jealous lover enjoying its toxic lordship over *their* system, over you, and the sun will burn it all to dust when it can no longer exist...that is if it doesn't swallow you whole instead. It isn't fair...

**[POI-7134 sniffs and sighs heavily enough to peak the audio.]**

**POI-7134:** You know...the moment I heard your voices and songs echo throughout the cosmos...the joyous first step humanity unknowingly took into the wider universe...the happiness it brought to open ears lightyears and centuries away from Earth...

I had to protect you from that fate. I'm not as good as you at this...I'm no Art...no Noory...not even close to Kasem...but it's what I loved most about you. Your words. Their power. Even though...

**[POI-7134 sighs and remains silent for 2 minutes.]**

**POI-7134:** Nevermind...here's Smash Mouth with "Walkin' On The Sun" until I figure some stuff out. For now...just do whatever you want. I don't care.

**[POI-7134 can be heard getting up from his chair when "Walkin' On The Sun" by Smash Mouth at regular speed begins playing.]**

**(Note: After this monologue, the radio broadcast continued to loop the song at its regular speed. No further live segments or advertisements from POI-7134 played for 1 month until Incident-5178-3.)**

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Incident-5178-2</summary>

**Incident-5178-2**

On 08/07/2020 at 12:34 PM, SCP-5178 suddenly emitted a series of unidentified noises, recorded at a maximum of 110dB. The sounds were recognized as cognitohazards by the transcription and filtering program before engaging in an emergency shut-down to prevent further damage to the recorded data. This lasted for 10 seconds before the noises ceased. The soundproofing within the containment cell was able to dampen the noise enough to cancel out the broadcast's cognitohazards before they could affect staff. However, Kevin Fowler, a class-E staff member who was emptying trashcans near to SCP-5178's cell during the incident, reported that afterwards his teeth started to hurt when exposed to direct sunlight. Investigations into this side-effect are currently pending until further testing is approved.

SCP-5178 was recovered at 12:37 PM from his cell, unharmed by the event.Investigations into the extent of SCP-5178's regeneration abilities are pending approval from the Ethics Committee. It is unknown what POI-7134 broadcasted immediately after the incident. By the time a response team arrived at the containment cell, POI-7134 was repeating the phrase "I'm sorry Kevin" for approximately 5 minutes straight before playing "Sunshine Of Your Love" by Cream at 0.5x playback speed and resuming his previous broadcasting schedule. The anomalous compulsive effect was no longer present in further live and recorded audio after this event. Following SCP-5178's containment cell being repaired, containment procedures remained the same until **Incident-5178-3**.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Transcript-#1700</summary>

****Transcript-#1700 for 09/17/2020 from 05:15 PM to 05:17 PM****

**["Walkin' On The Sun" abruptly stops before a triumphant jingle plays.]**

**POI-7134:** Helloooooo humanity!

I am proud to announce that after our brief hiatus, "Eat The Sun with Seth Uhar" now has a sponsor! Hooray!

**[Soundclip of an audience clapping plays.]**

**POI-7134:** YES! Now, they're the shy type, so I can't say who they are just yet, but rest assured that with our recent partnership, we can now expand the reach of "Eat The Sun with Seth Uhar!"

That's right! We've acquired several new broadcasting stations, including WIKT, WJCK, KYLY, WHTE, KEVN, and many more to come!

**[Soundclip of an audience clapping plays, including what sounds like a sports stadium crowd cheering.]**

**POI-7134:** Look forward to several new segments and guest stars...oops, I mean anti-stars.

Am I right?

**[Soundclip of an audience laugh track plays.]**

**POI-7134:** We'll be coming back with all new programing starting...hmmm...pretty soon! Stay tuned to WYLI and our other stations for more info.

For now, I'd like to tell my dedicated audience for the past several months...thank you. Thank you for your unseen support.

But...I think it's time we move on and meet other people.

**[Soundclip of an audience reacting sadly plays.]**

**POI-7134:** I know. It's not you, it's me.

The honest truth is...I've met someone who believes in my message and was eager to help! Especially once they learned that you were the ones stifling u- I mean, supporting us for so long.

And they've shown they plan on actually listening to what we say instead of reading. If you catch my drift!

**[Soundclip of an audience wooing plays. POI-7134 can be heard laughing.]**

**POI-7134:** Ha ha! I'm mostly kidding. No hard feelings, okay?

I do hope you all keep listening or reading or whatever, but you can no longer silence my message for your masses.

I promise to keep the engagement amp off, but I'll never stay quiet.

I'm Seth Uhar.

"Eat The Sun" you bastards.

**[Soundclip of an audience cheering plays.]**

**POI-7134:** We'll be back soon...so here's Yello with... "Oh Yeah."

**[Sounds of audience applause fade out. "Oh Yeah" by Yello at 0.25 playback speed begins playing.]**

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Incident-5178-3</summary>

**Incident-5178-3**

On 09/17/2020, the Site-88 director was informed of several alerts from national parks and Foundation outposts across the U.S. and Canada. Several civilians, park rangers, and agents reported distant sounds confirmed to be Yello's "Oh Yeah" playing at high volume from within various forests and undeveloped areas. This occurred immediately after POI-7134 made a sudden announcement (See **Transcript-#1700**,) at exactly 05:17 PM GST while SCP-5178 was broadcasting the same song. According to all reports, the sound lasted for approximately 4 minutes before fading out. The source of the music was never located in all instances. POI-7134 has returned to his normally shuffled playlist during musical breaks but has not yet returned to do any hosted segments as of 10/██/2020.

Around the same time, at approximately 05:20 PM, Kevin Fowler (See **Incident-5178-2**) also went missing from Foundation custody, having disappeared after notifying guards that his teeth were, "changing into something plastic." Security staff reported the surveillance footage of Kevin's cell was distorted while the on-duty guard went to radio for assistance. The distortion continued until 05:22 PM, showing that Kevin had vanished from his cell. On-site investigators found no trace of Kevin but did discover traces of soot and sulfur marking the cell walls where he was standing. They also discovered a plastic knob attached to an AM/FM switch, similar in design to the one on SCP-5178's radio, covered in a mix of saliva and blood which was a 98% match to Kevin's DNA. Investigating agents believe this incident is related to SCP-5178 and was carried out by their recent sponsor. Agents are currently following any leads on this unidentified GOI.

Dr. Copper submitted a request to the Containment Committee for SCP-5178 to be reclassified to Keter status, based on evidence that multiple uncontained instances now exist and have the capability to broadcast cognitohazards to multiple civilians at any time. The request was approved on 09/18/2020.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum-3: WARNING LEVEL 4/5178 CLASSIFIED</summary>

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 4/5178 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 4/5178 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

**Addendum-3**

*FOREWORD: Information that has been censored is to be provided for O5 and Level 4 Staff at a later date after investigations are complete. Speculation on the part of the author is potentially hazardous to spread to multiple people until the threat has been fully identified and will be uncensored when it has been found safe for perceptual recognition.*

**Update:** As of 12/13/2020, broadcasts have returned to their normal structure with expanded hosted segments, ad spaces for non-existent products and services, and listener requested songs. Only one individual has been heard live on-air making a request and notably had a hoarse and raspy voice resembling [DATA EXPUNGED]. Musical requests do not seem to follow the same sun-based theme as previous chosen songs, but do feature variations on their playback speed. The symbolism and meaning behind these requests is believed to be related to the GOI currently sponsoring POI-7134 and [DATA EXPUNGED].

Further updates are pending. As of 2/5/2021 SCP-5178's research team has not been responding to communications and are subsequently under investigation for treasonous acts against the Foundation. SCP-5178 has been placed under temporary management of the Site-Director for Site-88, Dr. Anutan, until Dr. Nick Copper, Dr. Jaquita Carson, Dr. Ramiz Kola, and Agent Arnold Castor can be apprehended.

To prevent unnecessary complications amongst coworkers and associates of the former SCP-5178 team members, the original article authored by Dr. Copper will remain available to lower level staff, but all other staff members should remain aware the previous information on SCP-5178 and POI-7134 stated in the article is to be assumed void of authenticity until further reviews can be done.

**Update:** As of 12/25/2023, Incident-5178-5 has confirmed Dr. Copper and his team have become active instances of SCP-5178, designated now as SCP-5178-A through D. More information and further updates to the article are pending approval from the O-5 council and Dr. Anutan.

</details>

<< [SCP-5177](SCP-5177) | SCP-5178 | [SCP-5179](SCP-5179) >>

=====

> **Filename:** WYLI.jpg

> **Name:** WYLI

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

=====
