**Title:** SCP-5812 - The Punishment Boat

**Author:** 

**Made In:** 2022

**Item #:** SCP-5812

**Object Class:** Eparch [Item is non-anomalous but related to the anomalous.](esoteric-classes-complete-list)

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5812 is to be contained in [Site-77](secure-facility-dossier-site-77), and the facility/space where this object was found will be sealed off with surveillance cameras mounted around its entrance.

**Description:** SCP-5812 is a small boat vessel, presumably originally designed for private use, with silver plating throughout. It is not equipped with a motor or other power source for aquatic propulsion. One notable feature is the unplated steel cofferdam that is bound to the exterior of the hull by several layers of chains. While the chains are considered easy to remove, the coffin is welded shut barring physical entry. Non-destructive testing has revealed the following contents inside the coffin.

* Wine (which occupies the volume inside the entire coffin)

* A humanoid entity (presumed to be already deceased)

* 5 bullets

* Wooden stake (through the chest of a humanoid entity, with some manner of plating)

SCP-5812 is non-anomalous and has no other features worth mentioning.

SCP-5812 was discovered during an earthquake on 2022/02/10 when an unusual noise was heard originating from the basement of Site-77. After investigating the cause of the strange noise, a hatch was unearthed 30 meters further down from the underground level of the site. The hatch led to a corridor, which led to a vast underground space.

This space is believed to have been sealed off by a heavy steel door, which was damaged when discovered. It is assumed that it was damaged by repeated earthquakes. The door was marked "[Department of Abnormalities](SCP-3790)," and a placard that had fallen nearby read "The Count Who is Arrogant" in Italian.

SCP-5812 was found enshrined in space. The room wherein the anomaly was held is covered with cement. To note, there is a significant amount of damage marks found throughout the walls and ceiling of the space. Also found in the vicinity of SCP-5812 was a Mobile Task Force helmet. The design of the helmet is identical to past designs employed by the Foundation. Alongside this, two pieces of notepaper were found. 

The helmet bore the Foundation's insignia, an unknown coat of arms, and the notation "MTF Γ-0". The papers, on the other hand, each contained the following statements.

> **Notice:** SCP-███ has been placed under the control of the Department of Abnormalities under the direction of O5-11, as it is believed that it is no longer possible for the Foundation to house him. The incarceration and sanctioning will be handled by Mobile Task Force Gamma-0 ("Flaming Sword").

> * ~~Remove from the main list~~

> * ~~Amnestics treatment for peoples involved~~

> * ~~Storage in departmental database~~

> * [TRANSCRIPTION ERROR]

> * Imprison

It should be noted that to date, there is no indication that the Foundation has used the code name Mobile Task Force Gamma-0, and O5-11 has denied any involvement.

<details>
<summary>Further investigation is restricted by the O5 Council.</summary>

**Note:** Since the staff member in charge of SCP-5812 reported discomfort whilst being near the backmost wall of the room wherein  SCP-5812 was found, an additional confidential investigation led by O5-11 was initiated. The investigation revealed the existence of a further hallway beyond the wall.

This corridor is connected to dozens of rooms similar in construction to those in SCP-5812, one of which is accessible due to a damaged door. In the accessible room, there is a preserved and treated corpse that appears to be canine. The corpse exhibits signs of having been poisoned with multiple chemicals.

The remaining rooms have also been determined, through non-destructive testing, to contain entities that have been terminated, due to numerous causes. All of these rooms have their own placards, but all show signs of extensive damage and corrosion.

The room located at the far end of the corridor has been detached from the original. The interior is empty, but many bloodstains are present throughout. No placards have been posted on the doors; instead, a pasted paper with the following statements in Italian and English was found.

> 

> **Notice**

> 

> Internal memo to MTF Gamma-0

> 

>

> This room will not be used. As no new sinners will appear, this facility will be sealed off.

>

> 

> Department of Abnormalities

> 

Notably, the document contains a signature in the handwriting of a past O5-11. However, the current O5-11 has not been given any information on Site-77 or taken over any related materials, including SCP-5812 or other contents. As of writing, the past O5-11 is already deceased. In addition, the relevant staff of the past O5-11 was amnesticized upon his retirement. Therefore, there are no records of the facility in the database.

</details>

<< [SCP-5811](SCP-5811) | SCP-5812 | [SCP-5813](SCP-5813) >>
