You can check out more of my works here:

[cremo](cremo)

**Special Containment Procedures:**  SCP-5826 is to be contained in a standard anomalous object locker at Site-228.

**Description:** SCP-5826 is a slightly damaged Newtsuit (a type of atmospheric diving suit), yellow in coloration. Upon physical interaction with liquid substances, SCP-5826 will become intangible, but only towards the liquid substances. 

Subjects wearing SCP-5826 were noted to experience mild discomfort, foul odors, muffled vocalizations of unknown source, *acrophobia* Fear of falling.  and temporary blindness that can last for 40 seconds.

<details>
<summary>● Experiment log ●</summary>

**Number:** 01

**Subject:** 2 liters of water

**Result:** The water passed through SCP-5826 immediately. 

**Number:** 03

**Subject:** 1 ice cube

**Result:** The ice cube remained on the surface of SCP-5826 while the liquid melting from the ice cube went through it.

**Number:** 06

**Subject:** 2 liters of milk

**Result:** Similar to Test 01, except the liquid passing through SCP-5826 was 0.5 seconds slower this time, presumed because of the milk's higher density.

**Number:** 09

**Subject:** 14 kilograms of molten iron

**Result:** The process was significantly slower than during the previous tests, lasting at least twenty seconds. 

 

**Number:** 13

**Subject:** 2 liters of water containing various microorganisms, provided by Site-228's biological research labs.

**Result:** Microorganisms larger than 10 micrometers have remained on the surface of SCP-5826 while the others passed through with the water.

**Number:** 22

**Subject:** 1 swimming pool (2 meters deep) filled with water

**Additional note:** SCP-5826 was equipped with a safety harness to prevent further damages. 

**Result:** SCP-5826 submerged immediately and almost hit the bottom of the pool.

</details>

**Discovery:** SCP-5826 was discovered in 2017 at the bottom of the Pacific Ocean. The skeletal remains of an unidentified male human were discovered inside SCP-5826. The cause of death was falling from upwards of 100 meters. 

<< [SCP-5825](SCP-5825) | SCP-5826 | [SCP-5827](SCP-5827) >>
