**Item #:** SCP-5125

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Under no circumstances is SCP-5125's containment unit to be opened. At least one door must remain ajar in all rooms or enclosures with more than one point of entry. Site-16's floorplan has been modified to supplant extraneous chambering with open corridors. Personnel must observe Protocol-5125-Theta in the event of a breach of containment. SCP-5125's containment unit currently contains two deceased humans and one active instance of SCP-5125-B. In the event of the SCP-5125-B instance's deflation, additional feed is to be allocated accordingly. 

**Description:** SCP-5125 is the designation for a semi-corporeal predatory humanoid entity that primarily hunts and consumes humans in a highly ritualized and methodical behavioral pattern. Identifying facial features are obscured by a viscous mucous with non-newtonian properties. Locomotion is conducted on all fours and there are no outward signs of sentience or sapience. SCP-5125 has been known to become incorporeal whilst hunting, and it is not currently known whether SCP-5125 possesses any metabolic functions that necessitate feeding. 

SCP-5125 exclusively targets a single human individual at a time, with the selected prey being amongst a group of at least three individuals. The aforementioned group of humans must also be located in a closed room or space with at least two entrance/exit points, both of which must be closed. SCP-5125 will seek out the nearest prey that satisfies this criteria, ignoring geospatial obstructions to its path. 

Upon selection of its prey, materialization of SCP-5125 is precipitated by electromagnetic interference, typically targeting lighting fixtures. SCP-5125 will then, alongside a dining table with a call bell situated atop it, manifest within the space and proceed to kneel in front of the table and ring the bell three times; the electromagnetic interference will then resume, with SCP-5125's selected prey having been consumed instantaneously amidst the corresponding periods of darkness.

SCP-5125 does not eat the eyes, keratinous material, teeth, epithelial tissues, or mucus membranes of its prey (SCP-5125-B). Despite lacking all internal organs and structures, SCP-5125-B still appear to perform all requisite biological functions of an otherwise living human, including sapience. SCP-5125-B instances are generally unaware that they have been consumed by SCP-5125, and will not display any psychological or physical indications of their evisceration. Aforementioned unconsumed tissues are left intact and undamaged, with no breakage or bleeding visible.

The continued animation and superficial preservation of the SCP-5125-B will cease upon any of the entrances/exits of the physical space being opened, resulting in the subsequent violent deflation and total death of the SCP-5125-B shell. SCP-5125 will remain stationary until its current SCP-5125-B instance is deflated.

There are no known methods of intervention during SCP-5125 predation, primarily due to the semi-corporeal nature of the entity. Containment efforts have thus focused on mitigating the relatively specific conditions required by SCP-5125 to hunt. 

**Discovery:** SCP-5125 was discovered in Saugus, Massachusetts, USA following a police report made to authorities via phone. The caller claimed to be being held hostage alongside two of his friends by an unknown individual/creature. Details provided suggested a nonhuman captor, and as such, the Foundation intervened in the case. Upon arrival, attending agents determined the captives to be located in the upstairs bedroom, confirming this by knocking on the door. Shortly after opening the door to the bedroom, a loud, violent bursting sound occurred. 

Personnel found two of the captives unharmed, though emotionally distressed, and SCP-5125 in the center of the room, rubbing its distended gut. Near the bedroom's desk nook, agents also recovered a pile of deflated epithelial tissue, later confirmed to be the remains of the resident who had originally made the phone call to the authorities. 

<< [SCP-5124](SCP-5124) | SCP-5125 | [SCP-5126](SCP-5126) >>

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

@@ @@

@@ @@

> **Filename:** yum

> **Name:** Art (i)

> **Author:** Wezile Mgibe

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Art_(i).jpg)
