**Item #:** SCP-5870

###990000|**Level 4/5870**##

**Object Class:** Keter

###990000|**Classified**##

---

---

#### ****Special Containment Procedures****

Foundation fauna preservation teams in Australia are to attach miniaturized GPS trackers to remaining koalas, while enclosures and zoos containing them are to be strictly guarded. 

23 monitoring stations have been set up in cities of Cairn and Darwin, and several eucalyptus tree hotspots in the states of Queensland, New South Wales, and the Northern Territory. Sightings of "flying serpents" are to be quickly verified and actively monitored.

The Foundation History Department is mandated to research texts and information concerning entities identical or similar to SCP-5870-1 instances; they are to coordinate with leaders of aboriginal groups such as the Bundjalung Nation to collect information on significance of folklore creatures and possible methods of summoning or countering them.

#### ****Description****

SCP-5870 refers to a series of disappearances affecting koalas (*Phascolarctos cinereus*) within Australia in 2022, two years after severe bushland fires occurred within the region. Compiled data indicates a severe and continuous decline in population, upwards of nearly 2,000 per week. It is to be noted that the surviving koala population at this point numbered approximately 62,000.

Additionally, testimonies from domestic and international zoos indicate that their koalas have also disappeared, despite all efforts to contain or track them. 

Accompanying the koala disappearances, large numbers of eucalyptus trees (*Eucalyptus globulus*), particularly those that have survived the fires, have been cut down, leaving most of them as stumps. The location of the cut material is still unknown.

Additionally, bunya nuts (*Araucaria bidwillii*) A calorie-rich fruit common in aboriginal cuisine in the past., harvested or not, have began disappearing.

Disappearances of all three aforementioned subjects have been correlated with sightings of flying black and orange serpentine entities, designated as SCP-5870-1. These sightings have been most frequently reported in the vicinity of Mount Bugerum Boogerum, Wilpena Pound, Black MountainAlso known as the Kalkajaka, or the "Place of the Spear.", and the Grampian National Park. All of these locations are important to aboriginal culture and can be found in the southern or southeastern parts of Australia, where koalas reside.

Heavy rainfall usually occurs in tandem with the appearance of an SCP-5870-1 instance.

Monitoring stations have also reported the sound of bullroarers in the wake of an SCP-5870 event, and teams dispatched to hotspots have found aboriginal-style stone artworks primarily depicting serpents and koalas. These emit high levels of Akiva radiation, ranging from 6 to 8.2. 

Based on the current rate of disappearances, extinction of both koalas and eucalyptus trees will occur in six months as SCP-5870 continuously occurs. This is despite increased legislation, rehabilitation efforts, and environmental projects concerning affected areas.

Meanwhile, background research has indicated that SCP-5870 is linked to an entity described in DreamtimeThe term for aboriginal beliefs. as the Rainbow Serpent, which is commonly featured in creation legends. SCP-5870-1 instances, despite being numerousThe Serpent is generally described as singular. and smaller in size, share striking similaries.

Reports of rainfall are also consistent with the legend of the Rainbow Serpent, which is hailed as a deity responsible for Australia's waterholes and wildlife, which are important to aboriginal groups' livelihoods and cultural identity.

#### ****Background Report on Australian Bushfires****

The 2020 bushfires had burned 24 percent of the eucalyptus trees, while approximately 60,000 koalas have been recorded as casualties. 84 percent of survivors have severe burns on their paws, while 31 percent had suffered from dehydration and starvation.

In 2021 and 2022, an additionally 9,000 koalas died due to complications from injuries they suffered from the fires, while approximately 12 percent of the surviving population has been disabled, as they now have difficulty climbing eucalyptus trees.

30 percent of the aboriginal groupsParticularly those living in the Torres Strait islands., several of which are dedicated to taking care of koalasKoalas are a societal symbol, or a totem, to many aboriginal people., were also affected or displaced. Sacred locations such as Wilpena Pound, have also been partially destroyed.

Koalas are highly important to aboriginal groups, as they are considered as a Dreamtime totem, or clan symbol, of wisdom, security and spiritual respect for ancestors. For example, the Eora people of Sydney, Australia see them as guides when hunting or riding canoes.

#### ****Status Report 5870-01 (10/12/2022)****

The Bunya Festival is a biennial event wherein multiple aboriginal groups, spearheaded by the Bundjalung Nation, come together to harvest bunya nuts and discuss socio-environmental issues and  Dreamtime lore. In 2022, the event was held on October 12 near the Bunya Mountains.

Approximately 353 nuts were collected, after which the groups conducted corroboreesTerm for festive aboriginal musical performances. and initiation ceremonies. The first sign of an SCP-5870 manifestation was when bullroarers were heard without an identifiable source.

Several one-meter sized koala-like entities then emerged from the ground, moving their bodies in a manner similar to corroboree performers. After three minutes, the largest of these entities then emitted a low-pitched bellow, as they rushed towards the bunya nuts and stole them. At this point, SCP-5870-1 instances were sighted.

The nuts were subsequently fed by the entities to arriving SCP-5870-1 instances, whose scales alternated between gold and brown. After five minutes, they flew at high speeds towards the surrounding bushlands.

Monitored by the PANOPTICON drone network, the instances were sighted approaching koalas in the trees, which would then cling onto them. As many as 20 koalas are attached to each instance. 

The instances converged at the top of Mount Bugerum Boogerum A significant part of Bundjalung culture., where a large levitating island, referred to as SCP-5870-2, was discovered. Monitoring stations reported that SCP-5870-2 manifested just 10 minutes before the instances arrived at the mountain.

#### ****Exploration of SCP-5870-2****

Preliminary visual analysis has identified a 60-meter tall arched dome with large stilts below it, as well as several towers built near artificial waterholes. Surrounding the dome are several smaller wooden domes, several of which are also built on stilts. 40 percent of the island's surface is composed of a lake.

10 PANOPTICON drones were sent to explore its interior.

FILED UNDER DOCUMENT TYPE EX-01

10/13/2022

= **{{SCP-5870-2 Exploration Log}}**

= ~~  ~~

= ****

Koalas detach from the SCP-5870-1 instances, and begin walking through a pathway surrounded by eucalyptus, bunya, and willow myrtle (*Agonis flexuosa*) trees. They then reach the shores of the lake, whose center is the location of the main dome. Some of the koalas stay in the smaller domes, which are not located in the the lake.

= ****

Dugout canoes rise up from the waters; the koalas then board them. Several of those boats contain eucalyptus barks that are held together in place using rattan. Additionally, the canoes are attached to and propelled by one-meter long entities resembling platypus (*Ornithorhynchus anatinus*), which then quickly make their way to the central dome. 

The platypus did not dive during this period; those that rocked the boats too much were often met with growling koalas.

= ****

Upon reaching the fences surrounding the central dome, the canoes stop. Several canine-like entities with flippersSimilar to the bunyip of Australian folklore. then emerge, and carry the eucalyptus bark and some of the koalas at fast speeds.

Exploration of the smaller domes reveal large thickets of eucalyptus trees, most of which have koalas climbing them. Responses from the drones' GPS trackers indicate that several of these koalas went missing a few weeks ago.

A few fights between male koalas could be observed; many koalas spectate them. Larger fighting koalas are often marked with red paintThis color means Australian earth and fierceness of wildlife. on their backs.

= ****

Several domes also serve as medical centers. Several koalas, most of which have burns or are old, drink oils made from eucalyptus leaves. Meanwhile, there are also pools of concoctions containing emu bush leavesAn effective natural antibiotic., where the koalas dip their burnt paws.

Many koalas with joeys in their pouches also reside here. It is notably that several of the joeys' heads were partially dyed white and yellow.These colors symbolize life and peace in aboriginal art.

= ****

The main dome's walls are lined with aboriginal-style artworks, while several larger koala-like entities play didgeridoos and drums. 

At this point, a group of approximately 140 red kangaroos (*Macropus rufus*) approach the koalas. The kangaroos and the koalas line up facing each other. Several of them are hostile, with koalas bellowing and baring their fangs.Folklore depicts koalas and kangaroos as  friends until a waterhole dispute caused their relations to collapse, with the kangaroos taking the koalas' tails in the fight.

However, the situation is defused after a loud bullroarer sound emanated throughout the dome, as more kangaroos in white and yellow body paint appear and form a circle in front of the koalas. They jump in a criss-cross manner, alternating from one side to the other.

= ****

Stopping their dance, the kangaroos' tails then increase in length, and served as makeshift limbs used to obtain fleshy materials visually similar to a kangaroo kidney from their pouches. The koalas promptly ingest them, causing their tails become longer with denser fur. The kangaroos then leave.

= ****

The koalas then climb a 60m-tall eucalyptus tree in the middle of the dome. They then reach another platformIts width could not be precisely estimated due to reality distortions. connected to the tree. At this point, the koalas commit no further action. Visual analysis indicates that the number of koalas on the platform is close to 4,000.

= ****

Bullroarer sounds can be heard in succession and increasing intensity, as the koalas then move again. A two-km-long serpentine entity with red, gold, green, and yellow scalesMineral analysis shows that they are likely composed of quartz crystals., designated as SCP-5870-3, then arrives. 

Onboard drone barometers report fluctuating changes in atmospheric pressure, as rain begins to fall. The koalas make their way to SCP-5870-3 and attach themselves to it. When all koalas are now riding on it, SCP-5870-3 then roars. 

= ****

SCP-5870-3 then leaves the entirety of SCP-5870-2, and begins to fly to a similar structure located at the top of Mount Warning. 

After it leaves the SCP-5870-2 duplicate at Mount Warning, SCP-5870-3 has collected approximately 5,600 more koalas. This process repeats as it traverses 200 more similar structures throughout South and East Australia. 

= ****

Now flying with approximately 60,000 koalas attached to it, SCP-5870-3 is then joined by 170 much smaller SCP-5870-1 instances, which are carrying eucalyptus tree bark.

Foundation monitoring stations report a large spatial rift above Uluru. Howling, SCP-5870-3 enters it. No further action is detected, and the rift closes.

= ~~  ~~

Light to moderate rainfall in Australia still continues; as of 2023, there is no indication that this will stop. 

Approximately 43 percent of eucalyptus leaves present have been removed or uprooted. Meanwhile, SCP-5870-2 structures have also vanished. 

As damage control and to reduce potential public outrage, the Foundation has listed koalas as critically endangered. Laboratories are to research cloning of koalas and using other marsupials, such as wallabies, to serve as their surrogates, as there are no there no currently living specimen on Earth.

#### ****Update (12/25/2025)****

The Foundation has declared Australia to be undergoing a Type-A LB ("Loss of Biodiversity") Scenario. The tourism industry has been negatively affected, while Australian wildlife organizations have seen a moderate drop in terms of credibility ratings.

Efforts to neutralize SCP-5870-3 have been unsuccessful so far, as it appears to be impervious to weaponry. It notably does not retaliate, however.

Meanwhile, flooding from the constant rainfall has displaced at least 300,000 citizens, although the Foundation and Australia has mitigated this problem through engineering solutions.

Due to SCP-5870, the Australian government, which has cooperated with implementing Cover Story-145 ("Bushfire"), has been greatly criticized for inadequate environmental proactivity.

The hashtag #BBK, or #BringBackKoalas, trended for several months and became a key part of political campaigns and rallies. Approximately 320 aboriginal groups have publicly expressed their support for the #BBK's cause, and have convened to form the Aboriginal Wildlife Association (AWA).

#### ****Project JALIGER Status Report (11/04/2060)****

The Foundation has launched Project JALIGER, which aims to counter SCP-5870 by quickly rehabilitating Australian bushlands and wetlands  through treating alkaline and chemically-damaged soil, restoring overgrazed grassland, setting limits for industries, and creating more animal sanctuaries.

Project JALIGER primarily took advantage of the political shift to environmental maintenance and improvement. Meanwhile, the Foundation worked closely with AWA, which is a primary source of advice, intel and manpower for reforestation and waterhole management.

Bunya Festivals have also become annual events that are consistently celebrated for the last 40 years, and it is a primary opportunity for the Aboriginal Association and Project JALIGER personnel to convene and discuss plans of actions against bushfires, which are still recurring, albeit with less frequency.

Climate change policies, established under the Paris Accord and the Adelaide AgreementCodified in 2024. Notable for its direct focus on reduced fossil fuel dependency and incentives for renewable-energy industries.have also been generally successful, as Australia now devotes 10 percent of its national budget to it and other environmental matters. Notably, Australia recorded approximately 115.31 million tons of carbon dioxide this year, which is 1/5 of the total emissions in 2020.

Federal laws have also been amended to lift the ban on nuclear power, with the advent of sustainable and efficient fusion reactors. Currently, 20 medium-sized power plants, either using fusion or fission, exist alongside 35 Small Modular Reactors.These are cheaper and factory-built in exchange for less electrical generation.

According to media sources such as the Time Magazine, Australia has been hailed as a world leader in terms of clean power, reduced oil and coal dependency, and climate action.

Closely cooperating with aboriginal groups such as Bundjalung, Eora, and Gamilaaray, greenery restoration programs in New South Wales and Queensland have also been successful, with landscape architects and environmentalists planning tree distribution in order to mitigate possible bushfires in the future.

Despite these, however, SCP-5870 has not occurred again, and koalas are still extinct.

#### ****Incident DROPBEAR (01/01/2070)****

The environmental situation in Australia has met the goals of Project JALIGER, although the constant rainfall made it impossible for it to save 51 percent of the Torres Strait islandsIt is to be noted that these islands are highly significant to many aborigines. from sinking. Approximately 7,000 islanders have been relocated. Additionally, 10 percent of Australia is still highly vulnerable to flooding, although this is now mitigated.

Before Incident DROPBEAR, Australia has been under constant rainfall for the last 48 years.

At approximately 6 P.M., Foundation monitoring groups detected several SCP-5870-1 instances flying though New South Wales and Queensland. Several koala bears could be seen being falling from the instances while riding parachutes. An hour later, SCP-5870-3 reappears, with the color of its scales alternating between gold, yellow, and red. 

It then howls, as more koalas, alongside several kangaroos, fall and land safely on trees. As the media begins to report on "koala rains and storms", Foundation task forces quickly mobilize. Fortunately, most Australians were celebrating the New Year inside their homes, meaning that there are significantly less witnesses than the Foundation expected.

Two days later, the Foundation announced its cover story that that the Australian government bred koalas in secrecy, with public perception influenced with the help of memory agents and amnestics.

At the same time, a large stone sculpture of a koala could be found on the top of Mount Bugerum Boogerum, covered with aboriginal-style drawings, but it has no orthographic symbolsAboriginal Australian languages were not written before colonization.. 

Aboriginal individuals approaching the structure reported hearing a deep voice, speaking in their native dialects, reciting the following text:

= **RETURN FROM EVERYWHEN**

= Upon the suggestion of the [Furred Two-Footed](http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-5464) on the other Worldside

= Who have called us the "Koalalition" and "honorary bears"Koalas are marsupials which bear little genetic resemblance to bears.

= And with the help of the normally stern Serpent

= We have made our exodus through time, through the rivers and waterholes of everywhen

= To arrive at a safer abode

= Upon our arrival, we and our koala kins were surprised 

= At what the Lands now look like

= We express gratitude for making the Bushland safer

= And the abundant variety of the eucalyptus leaves today

= Speaking of leaves, everything, men or not,  turn over a crisper leaf

= Because fresh leaves are much more delicious

= than those that felt the blazes of time

 

@@@@

@@@@

Analysis of koala bones and remains, as well as thaumaturgic research conducted on SCP-5870 hotspots, indicate that temporal migrations of koalas have been commonplace for the last 20,000 years.

<< [SCP-5869](SCP-5869) | SCP-5870 | [SCP-5871](SCP-5871) >>

=====

> **Filename:** aboriginalart.png

> **Author:** scott1346

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://flic.kr/p/2gaiaCh

> **Filename:** arbor.png

> **Author:** Steven Penton

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://flic.kr/p/2jJfva6

> **Filename:** artwork.png

> **Author:** Angela Thomas

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://flic.kr/p/Xtdf

> **Filename:** bunya.png

> **Author:** John Tann

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://flic.kr/p/5GA4JY

> **Filename:** bbk.png

> **Author:** John Tann

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://flic.kr/p/2giP61J

> **Filename:** koala.png

> **Author:** Tanner Ford

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://flic.kr/p/4LTbh7

> **Filename:** wiradjuri.png

> **Author:** Tatters ✾

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://flic.kr/p/Fsr1G7

> **Filename:** eora.png

> **Author:** Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://flic.kr/p/Q8KN6d

=====
