.test{

    border:dotted 1px #000000;

    background:#f4f4f4;

    width:90%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

.addendum {

    border:solid 1px #5e5e5e;

    background:#ffffff;

    width:90%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

= [Author Page](tstaffor-s-author-page) | [Podcast](the-scip-squad-podcast-hub) | [Feeling Lucky?](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/random:random-page)

**Tstaffor's Best of:**

* [SCP-6557](SCP-6557) - Annihilation From a Cross Across Time

* [SCP-5846](SCP-5846) - The One-Stop Shop

* [SCP-6547](SCP-6547) - Worlds Within Worlds Within Worlds...

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Site-58 has been built around the ██████ Plaza strip mall in St. Cloud, Florida. As of 31/10/21, no possessive names are to be included in the store name on SCP-5846-1.

All further experimentation of SCP-5846 is to be recorded in [Experiment Log 5846](Experiment Log 5846).

**Description:** SCP-5846 is an empty storefront located in the ██████ Plaza strip mall in St. Cloud, Florida. SCP-5846-1 is a marquee with the words “by the Better Business Brothers” on its base and a set of marquee letters. When the letters are arranged inside the marquee to spell the name of a business, SCP-5846 will enter its active phase morphing into a store relating to the name spelled on SCP-5846-1, hereafter referred to as an SCP-5846-2 instance. Three to seven days after the activation of SCP-5846, it will revert to its inactive state Any personnel inside the SCP-5846-2 instance during this event are considered lost. .

SCP-5846-2 instances vary in size The smallest recorded instance was a 5x5x5m room. The largest instance could not be measured. , style, and anomalous properties. Employees inside SCP-5846-2 instances utilize anomalous tools, abilities, and phenomena to perform their jobs.

**Addendum 5846-1:** Discovery Log

SCP-5846 was discovered on 1/9/21 after reports of people appearing frozen in time in front of a store. The demanifestation of SCP-5846-2-1 was observed and Research Site-58 was built around SCP-5846 over the course of the following month.

**Addendum 5846-2:** Experiment Log

Some tests have been removed for brevity. For a full log of tests please see [Experiment Log 5846](Experiment Log 5846).

**Instance Number:** SCP-5846-2-1

**Date of Manifestation:** 16/8/21

**Name on SCP-5846-1:** Super Quick Mart

**Notable Anomalous Properties:** Time inside SCP-5846-2-1 passed twice as fast as normal. Anyone leaving SCP-5846-2-1 was frozen in place for half as long as they were inside SCP-5846-2-1.

**Instance Number:** SCP-5846-2-2

**Date of Experiment:** 16/9/21

**Name on SCP-5846-1:** Susan's Selections Grocery Store

**Notable Anomalous Properties:** All employees had 2 meter long arms with a total of 5 elbow joints. All items for sale were levitating 3.2 meters off the ground. A sign reading “Need anything? Just ask. You choose your items, and *we* get them for you!” was at the entrance to SCP-5846-2-2. Any attempt to retrieve an item by Foundation agents was met with active hostility and being escorted out by employees. Agent Saylor discovered the only way to obtain an item without being asked to leave was to ask an employee to retrieve it for you.

**Note:** Due to his expertise in solving how to interact with SCP-5846-2-2, Agent Saylor has been assigned as Head Explorer of future SCP-5846-2 instances.

**Instance Number:** SCP-5846-2-3

**Date of Experiment:** 24/9/21

**Name on SCP-5846-1:** Begging for Bagels

**Notable Anomalous Properties:** All bagels present inside SCP-5846-2-3 were sentient and capable of slight locomotion. When Agent Saylor ordered a bagel, the cashier proceeded to coax the bagel into the bag quote “come on bagel, c’mere boy! Get in the bag, get on in there!”  before handing it to Agent Saylor. For three hours following consumption of the bagel ordered from SCP-5846-2-3, Agent Saylor reported a churning in his stomach.

**Instance Number:** SCP-5846-2-4

**Date of Experiment:** 29/9/21

**Name on SCP-5846-1:** Get a Ghoti A creative respelling of the word fish, used to illustrate irregularities in English spelling and pronunciation 

**Notable Anomalous Properties:** After purchasing a fish, Agent Saylor experienced an inability to shave the facial hair around his mouth and chin. Once the fish expired, Agent Saylor’s facial hair could be cut again.

**Instance Number:** SCP-5846-2-6

**Date of Experiment:** 11/10/21

**Name on SCP-5846-1:** Pirate Pete's Pirate Eats

**Notable Anomalous Properties:** All employees were incorporeal humanoids dressed in pirate garb. After ordering the Scallywag Scallops and Cannonball Cocktail, Agent Saylor requested a take-out container to bring the food back to Site-58 for testing. All entities within SCP-5846-2-6 immediately gathered around Agent Saylor and aggressively escorted him out of SCP-5846-2-6.

**Note:** Agent Saylor requested to select the name on SCP-5846-1 for the following experiment, which was granted.

**Instance Number:** SCP-5846-2-7

**Date of Experiment:** 17/10/21

**Name on SCP-5846-1:** Planetary Putt Putt Minigolf

**Notable Anomalous Properties:** During Agent Harris, Agent Saylor, and Agent Salomon's playthrough of the course, floating glowing disc “powerups" appeared throughout each hole. When an Agent hit their ball through a disc, one of three effects manifested and a disembodied baritone male voice shouted the powerup’s name.

**“Multiball” Powerup:** The golf ball splits into two balls half the size of the original ball. If a 5th “Multiball” powerup is triggered by the same ball, the ball disappears and a new ball appears at the start of the course.

**“Speed Up” Powerup:** For the rest of the hole, no matter the power put into the swing, the golf ball will start out rolling at 13 meters per second.

**“Free Retry” Powerup:** After hitting this disc, at any time after their shot, the player may shout “Activate Retry!” which causes their ball to disappear and reappear where they took their last shot.

**Instance Number:** SCP-5846-2-9

**Date of Experiment:** 24/10/21

**Name on SCP-5846-1:** Just Pas-Sun Through Sun Tanning Salon

**Notable Anomalous Properties:** Upon entering SCP-5846-2-9, the employee at the front desk instructed Agent Saylor to sit in the waiting room. Over the course of an hour in the waiting room, Agent Saylor's skin tanned to the equivalent of 2-3 weeks' worth of tans in a tanning bed. Agent Saylor stated he was "Excited to get a great beach bod just in time for fall!"

**Instance Number:** SCP-5846-2-11

**Date of Experiment:** 31/10/21

**Name on SCP-5846-1:** Harry’s Halloween Costume Emporium

**Notable Anomalous Properties:** During Agent Saylor's first sweep of SCP-5846-2-11, no anomalous activity was recorded. Seeing no employees in SCP-5846-2-11 Agent Saylor attempted to retrieve a costume to check it for anomalous properties. When Agent Saylor touched a costume, all costumes inside the store became animate and assaulted Agent Saylor. By the time rescue efforts cleared SCP-5846-2-11, Agent Saylor had died.

@@ @@

**Note:** The following instance was not caused by interaction with SCP-5846-1. Instead, it manifested immediately after the demanifestation of SCP-5846-2-11. The following note was found taped to the door upon manifestation:

We're sorry to hear about your colleague's passing. As a reminder, the owner's manual clearly states to never include a possessive name in a business's title. 

@@ @@

We thought you might need this!

@@ @@ 

-The Better Business Brothers

**Instance Number:** SCP-5846-2-12

**Date of Manifestation:** 14/11/21

**Name on SCP-5846-1:** Forget-me-not Funeral Home

**Notable Anomalous Properties:** Agent Saylor's funeral was scheduled to take place in a non-anomalous funeral home at the same time as SCP-5846-2-12's manifestation. During SCP-5846-2-12's service, many family members and friends of Agent Saylor manifested in the funeral hall. Records of all attending persons showed them to be at the non-anomalous service at the same time. Interactions differed in both services with the humanoids inside SCP-5846-2-12 giving more in-depth eulogies and appearing more emotional throughout the service.

---

<details>
<summary>□ You might also like □</summary>

[SCP-2941](SCP-2941) - Do Not Eat or Inspire by 

[SCP-3505](SCP-3505) - Singed, Sealed, Delivered, I'm Yours by 

</details>

---

<< [SCP-5845](SCP-5845) | SCP-5846 | [SCP-5847](SCP-5847) >>

---

=====

> **Filename:** Sunnyvale strip mall.jpg

> **Name:** sunnyvale_strip_mall.png

> **Author:** Yngvadottir

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sunnyvale_strip_mall.jpg

=====
