**Item #:** SCP-5223

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5223 is to be contained in a double-width, vehicle containment chamber at the containment facility nearest to SCP-5223’s most recently ascertained location. This chamber is to be retrofitted with access to a humanoid containment chamber(as per the request of SCP-5223-1). Dr. Baker must be present for all tests involving the vehicle.

A minimum of one security guard is to maintain a perimeter of no fewer than 6 meters around SCP-5223. Any person attempting to enter this perimeter outside of testing conditions and without Dr. Baker’s expressed permission is to be forcefully removed from SCP-5223’s containment chamber and barred from entry until further notice.

If possible, SCP-5223’s containment chamber is to be lined with lead.

**Description:** SCP-5223 is a 1941 Chevrolet, split windshield pickup truck bearing heavy damage to its left side panels. Though the vehicle is capable of normal movement, how this is accomplished is not well understood; the vehicle is missing vital components to its engine(cataloged in I-5223-01); moreover, while the vehicle is in motion, no audible engine noise can be heard. Beyond standard movements, SCP-5223 is also capable of teleportation and the creation of a pocket dimension. The means of this teleportation is, likewise, sparsely understood.

Humans stepping closer than five meters from the vehicle will be lulled into a suggestive state, similar to that of the drug Desomorphine, for a short time. Victims of this suggestive state(SCP-5223’s “guest”) will become more jovial and agreeable as the effect wears off; at which time, they will be greeted by an Elderly man(henceforth referred to SCP-5223-1) who will typically be seated in the passenger seat of the vehicle. SCP-5223-1 will then invite the guest into the vehicle and transport them to SCP-5223's pocket dimension (SCP-5223-1 might also transport his guest to one of many locations around the globe should he be provided the opportunity) . 

What is contained in this dimension varies from encounter to encounter; though, events in this dimension will remain consistent with what the guest is most fearful of.At this time, it is not fully understood where or how SCP-5223 ascertains the phobias of those it encounters.. The events contained in SCP-5223's pocket dimension will most often present themselves as a challenge, monster, or nightmare(though deviations from these themes are not particularly uncommon). As such, these phobias often pose a severe danger to guests though, SCP-5223-1 will often “step in” and aid guests during their time in SCP-5223’s dimension. Once a guest’s time in SCP-5223’s dimension is complete, the guest will then be permanently absolved of their phobia(s) by unknown means, and he or she will be escorted back to the guest’s desired location and will be free to leave.

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 5223-1: SCP-5223-1</summary>

SCP-5223-1 is an elderly male of Caucasian descent, approximately 1.8 meters when standing. Upon arriving at Site-██ an interview with SCP-5223X-1 was suggested by Dr. Baker.

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5223-1

> 

> **Interviewer:**  Dr. Baker

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** Hello, SCP-5223-1.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Please, call me Joseph.

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** OK Joseph, do you have a last name?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Chester.

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** Age?

> 

>    <SCP-5223-1 sighs and then pauses for a moment>

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:**  Sorry son, I haven't had to remember my birthdate in a long time.

> 

>    <SCP-5223-1 pauses again for a short time before slamming both fists on the table>

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Yes, I remember! Well, I don’t remember how old I am exactly, but I do remember how old I was when I stopped counting: 136.

> 

>    <SCP-5223-1 laughs>

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** 136, you look very… youthful for being so… old.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I know, can you believe that shit! 136 years old, makes you think.

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** Yes, it does. So, what connection do you and SCP-5223 have?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** SCP-5223?

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** The car?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** You mean my truck? I’ve been riding that thing for as long as I can remember. It wasn’t until recently that I learned about the teleportation thing. Oh, and the alien dimension.

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** Teleportation?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Yeah, I offered to cart myself here, but no one would listen! Jesus, I only said it like what, a thousand times! “I can just teleport my car there you know!” And, what do I get in return? Not a damned word. They didn’t even tell their science people about it. Stubborn bunch you are.

> 

> **Dr. Baker:** Right, let's take a break and regroup after your briefing.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** *SCP-5223-1 was then escorted to his briefing; After which, as per the direction of Dr. Baker, SCP-5223-1 was taken in for a mental evaluation. After SCP-5223-1 was deemed mentally sound, testing and research regarding SCP-5223's ability to teleport and pocket dimension(the "alien dimension" referred to by SCP-5223-1) was then scheduled.*

No known individual named Joseph Chester similar to SCP-5223-1 has been found in any census or death records to date in any country; though, a birth record from a hospital in ████████, Ohio does identify a female, named Samantha Chester, with features comparable to and who is believed to be a directed descendant of SCP-5223-1. All further investigations into Joseph Chester and Samantha Chester have been unsuccessful.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 5223-2: Testing Logs</summary>

****Test A****

 

**Subject:** D-52231

**Name:** Kimberly

 

**Phobia(s):** Spiders, Heights

 

**Procedure:** 

> *Subject equipped with a standard-issue body camera and comms unit. The subject is then instructed to approach SCP-5223. Upon stepping within 5 meters of SCP-5223, the subject begins to fall into a sort of trance state, in which she approaches the driver’s side door. SCP-5223-1 can be seen through the open driver window sitting in the passenger seat of the vehicle. After reaching the window, dialogue typical of an SCP-5223 event ensues.*

> 

> **Subject:** Hi, who are you?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Name's Joseph and yourself?

> 

> **Subject:** Um, Kimberly.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Lovely, sit.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 then pats the driver seat of the car. Subject opens the driver side door and sits in the seat.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Alright, buckle up; I’ve got something to show you, but first, tell me where ya from?

> 

> **Subject:** I’m not sure that…

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Tell me. Come on; I won’t bite.

> 

> <SCP-5223-1 laughs>

> 

> **Subject:** [REDACTED]

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Perfect, you ever been to Paris, dear?

> 

> *Before the subject can answer, SCP-5223-1 proceeds to twist a dial on the dashboard in front of him. A white flash can be seen through the lens of the body camera affixed to the Subject; after which the view out of the driver and passenger windshield shifts to view what appears to be the Eiffel tower in Paris, France.*

> 

> <Subject screams in terror>

> 

> **SPC-5223-1:** I know, I did the same thing my first time seeing the Eiffel tower. Damn pretty, isn’t it?

> 

> **Subject:** What the hell did you just do?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I teleported us! Pretty cool, right?

>

> <Subject is silent, seemingly in shock.>

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Oh, Don’t be afraid, Kim. *SCP-5223-1 pauses* Actually, I have just the thing for you.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 reaches forward and once again twists a dial on the dashboard. The same white flash envelopes the vehicle; however, this time, only the passenger side of the vehicle shifts into SCP-5223’s pocket dimension.*

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 steps out of the car and offers his hand to the subject. The subject rises from her seat and exits out of the passenger side of the vehicle. Elaborate stone masonry comes into view, and it is revealed to the camera that the subject and SCP-5223-1 are now standing in a large stone corridor with no windows. Large stone carvings litter the walls depicting a variety of scenes ranging from that of ancient Greek to modern influences.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Well, pretty cool right?

> 

> **Subject:** It’s beautiful. Where are we?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** This is my truck’s alien dimension, first place she took me once I realized she could teleport.

> 

> **Subject:** That must have been pretty… crazy.

> 

> *Subject is then led down the corridor by SCP-5223-1. After roughly ten minutes, SCP-5223-1 stops abruptly and turns to face a large wooden door.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Here we go, number one.

> 

> *The subject’s body camera focuses on a stone carving resting above the door depicting a large female arachnid eating its children. SCP-5223-1 pushes the door open and waves the Subject through. Past the door, the camera pans upwards to reveal a sizeable cavernous space reminiscent of an arena. Lights can be seen shining; however, their source is not readily apparent.*

> 

> *As the subject and SCP-5223-1 walk, a soft crunching noise, similar to that of walking on gravel, can be heard through the camera’s onboard microphone. AS the subject moves closer to the center of the arena, the soft crunching begins to sound closer to a person trudging through water; though, the subject and SCP-5223-1 remain seemingly unaware of the growing noise.*

> 

>  *A large whooshing can be heard, and the camera spins to face a massive, moving wave of what appears to a writhing, jet black liquid. The subject screams, and black mass envelopes the camera. The black mass fades, and the light of the arena comes into view. SCP-5223-1, standing over the subject, who seems to be curled up on the floor, extends his hand and aids the subject in standing; the arena comes back into view, and SCP-5223-1 can be seen brushing black flecks from his arms.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Oh uh, you got some of those spiders on ya too.

> 

> *The subject’s arms come into view, and hundreds of spiders(Eratigena atrica) can be seen writhing around. The subject yelps and brushes off her arms; the camera begins to shake violently, and the subject can be heard crying. SCP-5223-1 points behind the subject as another wave of spiders flows into the arena. A door materializes at the far end of the arena, and SCP-5223-1 begins to run towards it. The subject begins to trudge through the large mass of live spiders now littering the floor; the second wave of spiders collides with the subject, and she falls.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Come on, let’s go!

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 picks up the subject and rushes through the recently materialized door and out into another stone corridor. SCP-5223-1 and the subject begin to laugh hysterically. The subject grabs one of the spiders and holds it up. The spider is now immobile and seemingly made of a plastic-like substance.*

> 

> **Subject:** Holy shit, were these always made of plastic?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Nope, the fears are only real until inside of those rooms. Out here, they can’t hurt you.

> 

> **Subject:** Well, I guess that wasn’t so bad.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Facing your fears is almost never as bad as you expect it to be; besides, that was a light pitch. Those were the small spiders!

> 

> <SCP-5223-1 laughs.>

> 

> *D-52231 grimaces and starts down the corridor. The walls in this corridor are barren; although, a few carvings depicting clouds are scattered around. Approaching another door, a carving depicting Icarus and Daedalus bearing wax wings flying through a thicker patch of clouds.*

>

> **SCP-5223-1:** I’ve seen this one. Afraid of heights are ya?

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 raises two fingers as if to gesture “2” before opening the door as SCP-5223-1 opens it; SCP-5223-1 then proceeds to push the subject through the door, which leads to a high rise city-scape that appears to stretch on indefinitely. Immediately after being pushed through the door, the subject falls a great distance downwards, and, as she spirals through the air, SCP-5223-1 can be seen stepping off of the precipice himself. The subject and SCP-5223-1 fall for approximately a half an hour, during which time SCP-5223-1 catches up to the subject and points downward at a faint brown object embedded in the asphalt street below them.*

> 

> *As they approach the street, a brown wooden door comes into view and opens outward. SCP-5223-1 and the subject fall through the door and out into another open sky; though, the city-scape that had once appeared to go on forever is no longer visible. Instead, a field boarded by streets lined with street lights of a typical American suburb can be seen. SCP-5223-1 swing into view and can be seen wearing a black parachute. He gestures to a strap on his chute and pulls it, prompting the subject to do the same.*

> 

> *Upon reaching the ground, the subject becomes enraged, confronting SCP-5223-1.*

> 

> **Subject:** You. You Pushed me!

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Would you have jumped if I didn’t?

> 

> **Subject:** No, what if that had killed me!

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Kim, do you really think that I would push you over some unknown edge?

> 

> **Subject:** Hey, I’d never even met you before today!

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Relax, I knew you’d be OK. Those carvings on the walls, they are markers for the fears behind each door. I had seen that one before, so I knew how to get through it; the last guy, he wasn’t so lucky.

> 

> **Subject:** How did you know you weren’t making a mistake?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I’ve made very few mistakes in my life, Kim. The more you dwell on the possibility of mistakes, the more you end up making. By the way, only two fears? That’s pretty impressive.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 and the subject walk through the field to SCP-5223(now parked on a nearby side street), and the subject enters.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** OK, do you want me to drop you off anywhere or just back in my chamber?

> 

> **Subject:** You can just drop me off anywhere?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Yea, of course. Oh wait, we wouldn’t want them listening in, would we?

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 then switches off the subjects body camera* 

**Afterword:** SCP-5223-1 returns to Foundation Site-██. The subject’s Body camera is recovered from SCP-5223-1 by head SCP-5223 researcher, Dr. Baker. SCP-5223-1 is verbally warned about releasing D-Class test subjects to anywhere except Foundation owned and operated testing locations. D-52231 is yet to be located.

---

****Test B****

 

**Subject:** D-52232

**Name:** Rylee

 

**Phobia(s):** Interpersonal socialization(especially with females), snakes, heights

 

**Procedure:** 

> *The test begins as typical of an SCP-5223 event: subject approaches SCP-5223, is lured in, and SCP-5223-1 begins a conversation. However, atypical of a standard SCP-5223 event, SCP-5223 does not teleport as usual; instead, SCP-5223 is seen to disappear and then immediately reappear approximately half of a meter from its previous position.*

> *Lead lining of current containment chamber is believed, by on-site testing staff, to have hampered SCP-5223's ability to teleport. However, this hampering effect does not seem consistent yet has been amended to SCP-5223's containment procedures.*

> *SCP-5223-1 remarks that this change is "weird," and the test continues as normal; SCP-5223's pocket dimension opens, and the subject and SCP-5223-1 both enter into a large stone corridor.*

> 

> **Subject:** Woah! This is beautiful.

> 

> *Camera pans to view various carvings. The subject rushes to one of the carvings.*

> 

> **Subject:** Oh my God, this is Cronus, right? I've always loved mythology. I used to read all sorts of these stories when I was a kid!

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Yeah, my daughter used to love 'em too; I mean, her love for mythology was unmatched, don't think anyone else knew as much as 'er. All she asked for her birthday, Christmas, and whatever else were more and more mythology books. Every year, I took her on a special trip to go see some of the great sights she'd read about in her book: Rome, Greece, Egypt, honestly more than I can remember, and everywhere we she would take pictures of carvings she saw. I think that's why they exist here now. Could just be a coincidence.

> 

> *Subject, now seemingly uninterested in SCP-5223-1, proceeds to rush from wall to wall describing various scenes of ancient Greek, Roman, and Nordic mythology; this continues for well over one hour until SCP-5223-1 is able to convince the subject to continue further down the corridor.*

>

> *Subject and SCP-5223-1 approach a wooden door, bearing a carving of the goddess Aphrodite. The subject enters and is greeted by a large group of women. The women begin to obsessively faun over the subject. D-52232 shrugs off a few of the women and continue toward the door at the opposite end of the room; however, before the subject can exit the room, a crowd of women subdues him. After this, they proceed to offer him his freedom playfully should he complete a list of specific sexual acts.*

> 

> 

> *D-52232 reluctantly agrees, and after being freed by the women, collapses next to the exit.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Well, that wasn't so bad now, was it. 

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 helps the subject to his feet and places a hand on his shoulder.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** That was a good show. 

> 

> <SCP-5223-1 laughs heartily>

> 

> **Subject:** I'd rather not talk about it honestly.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 continues laughing and walks through a door, out into another stone corridor, and out of sight.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Come on now, you aren't the first guy to be scared of talking to girls; I've had more than a few come through here; although, I don't think any of them had nearly as many ladies as you did. 

> 

> *Due to the similarity to previous tests, the remainder of this test has been omitted, and only brief mention of the phobias therein contained will be given*

>

> *Similar to test A, the subject conquered a fear of snakes in an arena similar to that experienced by D-52232*

>

> *Again similar to test A, The subject was asked to jump from a height to the ground bellow only to fall through a door and land in the same field as described in test A.*

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 then releases test subject D-52232 in a manner similar to that of test A.*

**Afterword:** SCP-5223-1 has been threatened with harsh punishment should he release another D-Class test subject to anywhere other than Foundation owned properties. Site head ███████ recommends that personnel assigned to SCP-5223 should "Just make the damned body cameras harder to turn off!"

---

****Test 23****

 

**Subject:** D-522323

**Name:** James

 

**Phobia(s):** *D-522323 has no discernible phobias*

**Note:** *Subject has been briefed on every aspect of SCP-5223's known capabilities and has been informed, in an attempt to dissuade SCP-5223-1 from releasing more subjects,  that if he is to take SCP-5223-1's offer of release from Foundation custody, SCP-5223-1 will attempt to kill the subject.*

 

**Procedure:** 

> *The subject is instructed to approach SCP-5223. The driver side window is lowered; SCP-5223-1 is visible inside the vehicle*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Come on, sit. I'm sure they gave you a rundown of the procedure beforehand, so we can skip some of that. Have you ever been to Detroit?

> 

> **Subject:** Sir, I lived in Detroit for most of my life

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Good!

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 hits a button, and the view through the windshield changes to that of a nondescript alley in Detroit.*

> 

> **Subject:** Oh, that's pretty cool man!

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** It was the truck. You aren't more freaked out about being teleported halfway across the country in a pickup truck?

> 

> **Subject:** Freaked out? That was sick as hell! They said you'd be able to do some cool shit but... damn! Oh, hey <D-522323 reaches over and shakes SCP-5223-1's hand>, I'm James, but you can call me fearless.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I'll call you James.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 laughs, and both he and the subject sit in silence for a moment.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Everyone is afraid of something, you know.

>

> **Subject:** No man, really, I'm not scared of nothing.

>  

> **SCP-5223-1:** Oh, then why are you here?

> 

> **Subject:** I dunno. Maybe Dr. Baker saw something in me.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Right well, let's get going.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1  taps on the dashboard twice but does not make any attempt to push any buttons or twist any dials present on the dashboard. The view through the passenger side of the truck changes, and the subject and SCP-5223-1 both step out into SCP-5223's pocket dimension.*

> 

> *Subject follows SCP-5223-1 down the straight stone corridor first explored in tests A and B and eventually arrives at a large marble door bearing a carving of the Roman god Pluto.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Oh no... no no no no no no!

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 appears flushed and begins to pace in a tight circle, glancing at the subject periodically.*

> 

> *After a period, SCP-5223-1 looks the subject in the eyes with a blank stare. Tears distort his eyes as if he were wearing contact lenses or glasses.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I'm so sorry.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 is seen to embrace the subject before turning and slamming his fists into the stone door.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** GODDAMN you, you piece of shit! First, you take Sammy from me. Then, you lure me into this hell hole with the promise of helping people! Oh, yea, I can help some people, sure, but the rest? The rest just have to *fucking die*! 

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 proceeds to strike the door with his fists until both are stained brown with blood.*

> 

> **Subject:** What do you mean *die*, Mr. Joseph?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** You should have been honest with me! You could have just told me you were scared of dying and avoided all this! You see that carving? That is Pluto, the god of *death*.

>

> *SCP-5223-1 sits resting his back on the wall adjacent to the door and pulls his knees to his chin.*

> 

> **Subject:** So, how do I beat him? The other doors all have some trick, don't they? 

> 

> *SCP-5223-1, still crying, looks up at the subject.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** He... doesn't have some *trick*. No one can conquer death.

> 

> *Subject opens the door with great strain; at which time, the image from the camera suddenly fades to black. The audio from the subject's onboard comms unit still receives audio.*

> 

> *Slamming of the large stone door.*

> 

> **Subject:** What was *that*?

> 

> SCP-5223-1 remains silent.

> 

> **Subject:** W-what if we just went back to the truck? We could just leave the way we came in right?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** It doesn't work like that. You can't outrun death.

> 

> *The crunching of what sounds like bone rings out through the corridor. The audio feed cuts out.*

**Afterword:** Upon returning to the Foundation Site-██, SCP-5223-1 does not immediately exit SCP-5223; instead, he waits until Dr. Baker enters the containment chamber for the post test interviewing process, exits the vehicle, and places D-522323's body camera and comms unit in Dr. Baker's open hand. Both were soaked in blood.

---

****Test 27****

 

**Subject:** D-522327

**Name:** Sarah

 

**Foreword:** Subject D-522327 has been chosen specifically for this test due to her schizophrenia. While the subject is medicated, she often refuses to speak. When questioned, the subject declined to disclose her phobias.

 

**Procedure:** 

> *Subject approaches SCP-5223 as in all previous tests, enters the vehicle, and begins conversing with SCP-5223-1. The view from the right side of the cab of the vehicle changes, and SCP-5223-1 and the subject step out into SCP-5223's pocket dimension.*

> 

> *Rather than the typical straight, stone corridor seen in previous tests, SCP-5223's pocket dimension takes the appearance of a stone chamber surrounded by many hallways bearing illegible, though seemingly non-random scrawlings drawn in black paint.*

> 

> **Subject:** What's going on?

> 

> *D-522327 takes a few steps toward SCP-5223-1. SCP-5223-1 looks around for a moment before responding.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I have no idea

> 

> *Though SCP-5223-1 appears visibly distraught, he smiles briefly and starts down one of the stone passageways. Wooden, stone, and metal doors of various sizes and shapes line both walls. SCP-5223-1 brushes his hand along the rightmost wall, trying to open particular doors as he walks.*

> 

> **Subject:** Joseph?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** What's up kid?

> 

> **Subject:** What are you looking for?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I am looking for-

> 

> <SCP-5223-1 reaches for a door and struggles with it for a minute before continuing>

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I'm looking for something out of the ordinary. Usually, the alien dimension is pretty straight forward. This- this isn't. I haven't seen anything like this before.

> 

> **Subject:** Oh.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 and D-522327 continue down the halfway for another hour in silence before reaching the end of the hallway, which terminates at a brass door. The space above the door is characterized by a massive black marking not representative of any image or character currently identifiable.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Get ready.

> 

> <Subject remains silent  and takes a step toward the door, resting her hand on the brass>

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Right then, here we go.

> 

> <SCP-5223-1 pushes open the door with great effort.>

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** What...?

> 

> *Rather than opening out into a room, the door opens into another, similar-looking hallway. D-522327 rushes past SCP-5223-1 and into the now revealed hallway. A similar stone corridor stretches in two directions.*

> 

> **Subject:** Maybe we should go back?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Where?

> 

> **Subject:** Back to the car! Let's get out of here!

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** <laughs> No, it doesn't work like that. She can't teleport from inside of here once we get out of the truck. Also, it is a truck... not a car. Come on.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 starts down a hallway, and D-522327 follows. They continue to walk for about an hour before reaching another break in the corridor. A hallway, resembling that of a Victorian-era house, stretches on in directions perpendicular to the current hallway.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** This is.. new.

> 

> **Subject:** New?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Yeah, <SCP-5223-1 chuckles>, I'm kinda freaking the fuck out. <SCP-5223-1 paces for a moment> You know what, let's find a place to rest up for a minute.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 walks down the hallway and turns into an open door disappearing from sight. D-522327 follows and finds him slumped over in an armchair, breathing heavily.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I'm getting too old for this, honestly.

>

> *D-522327 looks around for a moment.*

> 

> **Subject:** Joseph?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Yea kid?

> 

> **Subject:** If you die, what happens to me? Would I be stuck in here?

> 

> <SCP-5223-1 laughs>

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I've been alive for more than 150 years! You think walking around for a few hours is going to put me under? <Laughs> I'm not really sure what would happen. Maybe you'd take over driving the truck? Though, there's a good chance you would just die here without me: Some of this stuff can be pretty dangerous.

> 

> <SCP-5223-1 remains silent for a moment while waiting for D-522327 to respond.>

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** You don't talk much, do you? Well, whatever, it seems like we might be here for a good long while, so I was thinking we should hang around and look for a place to rest up.

> 

> **Subject:** Sounds good.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Oh, hey, turn off your camera. Save the battery.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 and D-522327 struggle with the camera for a few minutes before it suddenly switches off.*

*A journal recovered by Dr.Baker after the test, which appears to be handwritten by D-522327, details events not shown on camera.*

**D-522327 Log:**

> We looked around for a while after Joseph turned off my camera, and most of this place is pretty nice. Besides the odd cobweb, the house, hallway thing seems oddly... lived in. I guess it's better than the stone hallways. I mean, the wood furnishings are really pretty, and there is a comfortable lack of crazed writing on the walls(honestly, are drunk art students just running around?). Anyway, while we were walking around, Joseph found this notebook on a desk and said I should take it.

> 

> It has been about 4 hours since I took the time to write anything in my notebook. Since then, we found a couple of bedrooms, a bathroom, and even a stocked kitchen! Eventually, we found a kinda open, living room… room. Whatever, the point is that the place has a weird couch bed thing and a fireplace. So yea, warm and sleep. Joseph "let me" have the couch, and he managed to scoot a bed over from the next room to be closer to the fire.

> 

> After living in and out of care facilities and then being put under Foundation custody, managing to fall asleep in such a strange place wasn't difficult. At least it wasn't as difficult as Joseph made it out to be. Oh and, we talked for an hour or two after "dinner"(really, we just snagged some pretzels from the kitchen). He thinks this place is some sort of maze, which I guess makes sense, but it still freaks me out. The way he said it to was just… dark. You can hear his age when he talks: he's like an ancient wizard from a fantasy novel. 

> 

> Every word he says has this gravity to it. 

> 

> It's as if he's seen and experienced everything there is to see and experience.

> 

> There is something else in the house with us.

**Video Log:**

> **Subject:** Joseph, wake up. I heard something!

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 does not respond. A clatter can be heard, and D-522327 moves to investigate.*

> 

> **Subject:** Hello?

> 

>*A faint human-like muttering can be heard from a room ahead of the subject. D-522327 pulls a candle from a shelf and waves it into the room.*

> 

> **Subject:** who's there?

> 

> *The room is empty except for a single bed. A faint female scream can be heard from behind the subject. D-522327 screams and darts into and down the hallway.*

> 

> **Subject:** Joseph! Help, please!

>

> *The subject's pace and breath quicken as what look like hands encased in a shadowy fog reach out from various doorways around the subject. Eventually, a bright light appears in front of D-522327 further down a hallway. The subject moves toward the light and runs out into another stone corridor.*

> 

> **Joseph:** Hey Sarah, where did you run off to?

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 stands under a doorway a few meters ahead of the subject.*

>  

> **Subject:** There was… there… something was following me through the house, and I ran, but it followed me, and I-

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Hey hey, you'll be fine. Just calm down a little and tell me what happened

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 turns off D-522327's camera.*

**D-522327 Log:**

> I guess I was pretty shaken up from that… thing following me around in the house place. I mean, who wouldn't be? Anyways, it's been like a month or two(night doesn't happen here, so yea) since We came to this place, and we haven't made much more progress. Well, we have gotten in a lot of walking, but as far as actually getting out of here, no dice. It's not like nothing's been happening either. I just kinda forgot to write. I guess I can go over some of the more notable things that have happened.

> 

> We never did find the house(hallway house thing? I dunno what to call it) again. We also haven't found much more food. Every now and again, we would find a door(a small one, not one of the big important looking ones) unlocked. Usually, those doors would be kinda boring; empty hospital rooms, vacant classrooms, we even found a chicken coup once(the chickens were cute as hell). Sometimes though, we would find like a kitchen or dining room with food(once every few days or so).

> 

> Then, Joseph hurt his leg. Not fun. He complained for days, and he walks with a bit of a limp now, but he's still kicking. Right, so how'd he get hurt? Well, we were walking down the same hallway we have been for a few months, and he… uh… he tripped. Yea, it's been boring as shit, but hey, I LEARNED HOW TO MAKE FIRE!!!! Like, with my bare hands. That's about it from me. If anything else important happens, I might remember to write it down.

> 

> Found door, camera on.

**Video Log:**

> *D-522327 stands in front of a large wooden doorway with brass handles. Above the doorway, a portrait, identical in every way to the subject and painted in black paint, can be seen.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Oh, finally.

> 

> **Subject:** Door, door, door, door, door, door do-

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** You ok?

> 

> **Subject:** Yea, <pauses> I'm just excited.

> 

> *The subject continues, in the same cadence, to repeat the word "door" under her breath as SCP-5223-1 swings open the door. Both enter into the room, which is pitch black, and the door closes behind them.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** It's dark.

> 

> **Subject:** Yea.

> 

> *An audible whisper can be heard behind the subject*

> 

> *An unidentified voice whispers D-522327's name.*

> 

> **Subject:** Yea Joseph, what's up?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Hmm? I didn't say anything.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 screams, and an overhead floodlight snaps on. A light mist fills the space around the subject. SCP-5223-1 cannot be seen.*

> 

> **Subject:** Joseph, where'd you go? Joseph!

> 

> ***whisper*:** *Hey, over here!*

> 

> *D-522327 spins to find an entity(referred to as Entity for the remainder of the transcription) identical in appearance to the subject emerging from the mist.*

> 

> **Entity:** What's up cool cat!

> 

> *The entity's voice does not appear to emanate from the entity; rather, the entity seems to be speaking from behind the subject.*

> 

> **Subject:** Uh, hi? Are you me?

> 

> **Entity:** Well, ya. Who else would I be?

> 

> **Subject:** I don't know what I was expecting, but I definitely wasn't expecting-

> 

> **Entity:** Do you remember when we attacked that girl at Chicago Lakeshore? <laughs>

> 

> **Subject:** Yes, I remember. W-why are you bringing that up? Who the fuck are you!

> 

> **Entity:** It was so *fun*.

> 

> **Subject:** It was awful! You know as well as I do that's not who I really am! I was off my medication, that's all.

> 

> **Entity:** Oh come on, are you just you when you are on the meds? You wouldn't have medication in the wild. <laughs>

> 

> *D-522327 breaths out calmly.*

> 

> **Entity:** We tackled her. And then, we beat her until she cried. Do you remember when we ripped off her fingernails, and she *screamed*! The guard tried to pull us off her, but we just kept hitting her and pulling out her hair. Then WE BROKE HER ARM!

> 

> **Subject:** Stop it.

> 

> **Entity:** Her arm broke so easily. Honestly, it was kinda disappointing.

>

> **Subject:** I said stop it.

> 

> **Entity:** The guard eventually did his job, but even in his arms, we never stopped kicking. Do you think… we would have *killed* that poor little bitch if the guard hadn't shown up?

> 

> **Subject:** She wasn't a bitch. She was the victim!

> 

> **Entity:** Our victim!

> 

> **Subject:** You know what-! 

> 

> *Subject takes a moment to calm herself.*

> 

> **Subject:** I'm leaving to go find Joseph.

> 

> **Entity:** Oh oh oh, don't go so soon.

>

> *D-522327 turns away from the Entity and begins to walk away.*

> 

> **Entity:** I know where Joseph is!

> 

> *A light snaps on in front of D-522327 illuminating SCP-5223-1, who is bound on his knees.*

> 

> **Entity:** See? I told you! Would I lie to you?

> 

> **Subject:** Who are you! What the hell did you do with him! Joseph, get up!

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 looks up at the subject. He appears to be terrified.*

> 

> **Entity:** I've been torturing him. <laughs>

> 

> **Subject:** You, I'll kill you!

> 

> *Subject turns to face the Entity; though, it does not appear to be visible.*

> 

> **Subject:** Where did you go?

> 

> **Entity:** It doesn't matter

> 

> **Subject:** It, uh.

> 

> **Entity:** I'm gonna go bash in Joseph's teeth now, and you're going to watch me.

> 

> **Subject:** I'm gonna go bash in Joseph's teeth now.

> 

> *Subject moves toward SCP-5223-1 aggressively and knees SCP-5223-1 in the face.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** <groans in pain> Kid, I don't know what in the flying fuck is going on, but you better stop!

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 spits a mixture of blood and teeth onto the floor in front of D-522327*

> 

> **Entity:** He doesn't need eyes, does he?

> 

> **Subject:** You don't need eyes.

> 

> *D-522327 proceeds to plant one thumb in each of SCP-5223-1's eyes and gouge them out. SCP-5223-1 screams in pain. Blood drips from both eye sockets, and he looks up at the subject in fear.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Help me! Fuck, Help me! Let me out! Sammy, I'm so sorry. I just wanted to help people! I don't want to die here.

>

> **Entity:** I wonder what the inside of his stomach looks like?

> 

> *D-522327 then pulls a knife from an unknown location and guts SCP-5223-1, who screams for a while before bleeding out. The lights fade. The only sound that can be heard is the light breathing for the subject.*

**D-522327 Log:**

> Right so, I passed out. Joseph thinks that I was probably just dehydrated, but it's still a little weird that it happened right before a big door. Oh yea, the door didn't have anything behind it either, so that was pretty boring, but I guess no different than anything else we've seen.

> 

> You know, you get used to body odor after a while. I had always wondered how people dealt with it before deodorant. Guess they just got used to it. I do still think that it's a weird choice of Joseph's truck to offer us food, but not a nice shower. I mean, it's been months, and we haven't seen anything even remotely close to a bathroom(well, kitchens, but those don't really count).

**Video Log:**

>  *D-522327's camera starts and records for approximately one hour while SCP-5223-1 and the subject walk in silence before SCP-5223-1 speaks.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Kid, I've been thinking.

> 

> **Subject:** Yea Joseph, what's up?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I really miss cheeseburgers.

> 

> **Subject:** Hey, it's your car. If you want a cheeseburger, make it happen.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** <laughs> It may be my truck, but it's your mind.

> 

> **Subject:** I guess, Is that really how this place works?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** I'm not one-hundred percent on it, but that does seem to be the theme. The fears here always reflect the people who come here. I guess the rest of the place might reflect the person as well.

> 

> **Subject:** Oh.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** You must be pretty messed up.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 stops walking and turns to face the subject.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Alright, time to come clean, kid. What's your damage.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 flashes a smile, turns, and continues to walk.*

> 

> **Subject:** Nothing really, not anymore anyway. I got diagnosed with schizophrenia when I was a kid, but after medication and treatment, I was fine.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Woah, what's that like?

> 

> **Subject:** Uh, I'd rather not talk about it if that's fine with you.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Sure, I guess. Hey, we should think about getting a camp set up, maybe start a fire? I'm pretty wiped.

> 

> **Subject:** Sounds good, Joseph.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 and D-522327 continue down the corridor for a few more minutes before rounding a corner. Both start to try doors at random until one opens.*

> 

> **Subject:** Haha, I win! Joseph, we got a door over here.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Good job, kid.

> 

> *The subject enters a large classroom. Bookbags and overturned chairs lie scattered on the floor. SCP-5223-1 begins to rummage through bags.*

> 

> **Subject:** So, what's with solving peoples' fears? Seems a little weird to me.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** You know, I was thinking about that earlier too. You reading my mind or something?

> 

> **Subject:** Great minds think alike. have you found anything?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Here!

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 pulls a small package of candy out of a bag and tosses it to the subject, who catches it and sits in at a desk.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** You really want to hear the story?

> 

> **Subject:** I- story? I thought maybe this place was a manifestation of- well, whatever. If you've got a story, you might as well share it.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Ok now, don't tell Dr.Baker I said this. She hasn't even heard this story before. My truck didn't always use to be this cool <laughs>. My daughter, Sammy, and I used to travel a lot. We were in Scotland; at this time, I didn't actually own a car; and this old guy comes up to me and offers me an old Chevy from the war in exchange for lunch and a good story. It was a bit of a beater, and it took about three months to even get the thing to start, but I did it.

> 

> **Subject:** So a guy you didn't know just gave you a magical truck?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** It wasn't magical when I bought it, and we'll get to the "magical" part later on! When we got back to America, I found my wife with another man. I left her there and then, moved out west a ways(not too far, it would have been mean to keep Sammy away from her mom), and started a new life. For the next few months, me and Sammy worked on that truck, put everything we had into it. I remember the only things she'd loved to do was play soccer, explorer, and work on the truck. 

> Well, we got the truck up and running. And then about a month later, I got a call from the courts. My ex-wife wanted full custody of Sammy. There wasn't much I could do about it because the women do tend to make out like bandits on these kinds of things, but I still got to see Sammy every other weekend.

> 

> **Subject:** Joseph, that's awf-

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Yea, I thought it sucked dick too. That's why I started drinking.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 breathes out heavily.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Oh right, I started gambling too. Honestly, it got pretty scary at times. I stopped being to tell where I was or what day it was. The only thing I could think about was when I'd get to Sammy next. I mean, she was my whole world. Every other weekend I'd get to drive Sammy to and from soccer practice. Well, um, it made me feel better, but that didn't stop the drinking. 

> One weekend, I was driving Sammy to practice. I was pretty drunk. A car flew out of a side street and T-boned us. Sammy uh she

>

> *SCP-5223-1 becomes choked up.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Well, she didn't make it. She died at the hospital later that evening. I got put in jail for a few days, and the rest of my life just fell to pieces. I was listless, spent most of my days sleeping.

> 

> **Subject:** Joseph, I-I don't know what to say.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 stares contemplatively into the darkness for a while before continuing.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** At this point, I was flat broke, no money for booze, to scared to kill myself, and I really needed a reason to keep ongoing. I didn't have anywhere to go, no job, so I thought, "Hey, I should go see what work I can get done on that old truck, maybe sell it for scrap." I went out to the garage, it was in shambles after the accident, and I don't ever remember really working on it. I just stood around and thought about Sammy. I got so obsessed with looking at the thing, I started sleeping in the garage, and when winter came around, I started sleeping in the truck.

> It was a few months into sleeping in the truck, and I felt this weird sensation like I was driving. I opened my eyes, and suddenly, Sammy was sitting next to me in the passenger seat of the car. She opened the door and stepped out into a great, stone corridor, much bigger than the one that we were in before. Where, normally, I'd see elaborate stone carvings, there was rubble. Same as everyone else, we walked through the corridor entering rooms. There is only one fear of mine that I never beat: death.

> 

> **Subject:** Woah.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Yea. From that moment, I've been inexplicably tethered to this truck and the world inside of it. And hey, I never went back to drinking.<laughs>

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 and D-522327 sit for another hour in silence before the camera suddenly shuts off*

**D-522327 Log:**

> Sorry, Dr. Baker, I haven't written anything in like, I dunno, a few months (maybe a year). Most of this notebook is just filled with the tally of the number of times I've slept (I figure that's about a day's time). Nothing important has happened. I'm just trying not to be boarded. I am getting fucking fit with all this walking, though, so that's pretty sweet.

> 

> It's been another month. We found a door. Camera on.

**Video Log:**

> **Subject's mother:** Sarah! Get up, sweetie. Time for breakfast!

> 

> **Subject:** Coming mom!

> 

> *Subject gets out of bed and runs to the kitchen.*

> 

> **Subject:** Morning. What's breakfast?

> 

> **Subject's mother:** We are doing leftover cake from last night.

> 

> **Subject:** Nice.

> 

> *D-522327's mother places a plate of cake in front of her along with a fork. The subject begins to eat.*

> 

> **Subject:** This is really good! I haven't eaten anything in a few days, so cake is a nice change of pace.

> 

> **Subject's mother:** I'm sure that's been rough.

> 

> **Subject:** Rough?

> 

> **Subject's mother:** Walking for that long has got to be pretty difficult, especially with no food.

> 

> **Subject:** I'm conf- mom?

> 

> **Subject's mother:** Yes?

> 

> **Subject:** Have you ever felt like something's out of place? Like you have memories that are only half true but at the same time…

> 

> **Subject's mother:** You have to finish your breakfast, sweetie: school starts soon.

> 

> **Subject:** You aren't listening to me, are you?

> 

> **Subject's mother:** Of course I am, but scho-

> 

> **Subject:** Hold it, have your eyes always been that shade of blue.

> 

> **Subject's mother:** Would they have changed?

> 

> *The subject grumbles quietly about something indistinguishable. She turns back to the table, on which rests a small metal trash can. The subject opens the can, removes a slice of cake, and proceeds to eat.*

> 

> **Subject:** No, something's definitely different with your eyes, mom. Maybe your contacts change?

> 

> **Subject's mother:** I didn't change a thing. Speaking of which, did you remember to take your *new medication*?

> 

> **Subject:** I don't take any medicine.

> 

> *Subject's mother turns toward her. Both of her eyes have now been replaced with a blank patch of flesh.*

> 

> **Subject's mother:** I SAID TAKE YOUR *FUCKING* MEDICINE SARAH!!

> 

> **Subject:**<laughs> Probably not, but whatever. I'm going to school now. Oh and, I know you aren't really, so you can cut the shit.

> 

> *Subject exits the room through a door to her right and steps out into a stone corridor.*

> 

> **Joseph:** Where have you been? I was so worried!

> 

> **Subject:** I was in there <points to the door through which she just exited>. I'm not quite sure how I got in there, but I think I beat a fear, so that's cool.

> 

> **Joseph:** Well, as long as you're safe, that's fine.

> 

> *Camera turns off.*

**D-522327 Log:**

> Welp, That's my first fear down! Honestly, I thought we'd have seen it sooner, but hey, I can't really complain. 

> 

> Maybe it's just because it's been a really long time, but I feel like we've been through a few more doors than I remember. I asked Joseph, but he won't give me a straight answer.

> 

> Something's up with Joseph. It's been a full week since the last door, and I haven't seen him eat once. He's got to be getting hungry.

> 

> Something is wrong with Joseph's eyes.

**Video Log:**

> *SCP-5223-1 can be seen sitting in front of a fire. His back is turned to the camera, and he is speaking in tongues.*

> 

> **Subject:** Joseph, I know something's wrong. You haven't been eating, and you look sick.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 does not respond.*

> 

> **Subject:** Come on, you have to tell me if something's wrong!

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Should've…

> 

> **Subject:** Should've what? Joseph, you're freaking me out. I can't make it through this place without you!

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Should've… Should've

> 

> *The subject becomes audibly distressed.*

> 

> **Subject:** Is this about Sammy? Y-you can talk to me if something's wrong.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** *You should've taken your medicine.*

> 

> **Subject:** What?

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 turns toward the subject. Except for a mouth, he has no face. SCP-5223-1 springs from a sitting position and lands on top of D-522327.*

> 

> **Subject:** What are you doing! Joseph, help!

> 

> *The camera flickers suddenly. D-522327 is now standing in a well-lit stone corridor in front of a large stone door.*

> 

> **Subject:** Ah! Wha-?

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** What's up?

> 

> **Subject:** I think I just spaced out.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** The stress getting to you or something? It's just a door.

> 

> *Disregarding SCP-5223-1, the subject pushes open the door.*

> 

> **Subject:** You know, these doors are getting pretty annoying.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Nothing behind this one either? Shame. Well, whatever. Shut off the camera.

> *Camera turns off.*

**D-522327 Log:**

> It's been a few more weeks. This might sound crazy, but I don't think that Joseph attacking me was in my head. I was looking through the notebook, and I found notes about Joseph acting weird in my handwriting. I don't remember writing them.

> If that was really and I somehow just didn't realize does that mean that I killed Joseph? I don't want to think about it. I guess if it didn't happen, you wouldn't get the footage. Can I check the footage? I don't want to mess it up. Dr. Baker, if you could get us out of here, that'd be nice. I want to leave now.

> 

> It's been months. Joseph and I don't talk much anymore. I don't think we need to. It's almost like I can read his mind, and he can read mine. I think I really would have died in here without him.

> Anyway, we found another door.

**Video Log:**

>*D-522327 and SCP-5223-1 stand in front of a large wooden door. The space above the door is blank.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Fourth times a charm.

> 

> **Subject:** That was a weak joke.

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** Ok, smartass.

> 

> *SCP-5223-1 laughs and assures D-522327 that he is joking. Both stand around for a moment as if to mentally prepare for opening the door.*

> 

> **SCP-5223-1:** That's enough standing around. <sighs>

> 

> *D-522327 opens the door and steps out into a large open room*

> 

> **Subject:** Finally, a thing that isn't a hallway.

> 

> *The subject walks forward a few steps.*

> 

> **Subject:** Hey. Joseph?

>

> *D-522327 turns around. As she turns, the room fades into blackness.*

> 

> **Subject:** What happened to the room?

>

> *The subject looks around the now empty space for a few minutes. She attempts to take a step forward without success.*

> 

> **Subject:** Joseph?

> 

> *The camera view shudders and distorts.*

>

> **Subject:** Hello, Anyone? 

> Hey, this isn't funny! 

> Joseph, I-I can't stand anymore. The floor is gone.

> Joseph?

> Joseph?

> Joseph, please.

> Joseph, don't leave me here.

>

> *The camera dies.*

**Afterword:** The series of events that take place directly after D-522327's body camera dies is unknown. D-522327 does not write in the recovered notebook after that time. During this test, it appears that SCP-5223 had an effect on the perceived time of both SCP-5223-1 and D-522327. D-522327 experienced Approximately three years in SCP-5223's pocket dimension, while only 30 minutes elapsed for Foundation staff.

SCP-5223-1 returns to Foundation Site-██. Rather than returning to its containment chamber, however, SCP-5223-1 uses SCP-5223's teleportation ability to gain access to Dr. Baker's, who was not present at the time of this event, office. SCP-5223-1 then teleports out of the facility and to an, as of yet, unknown location.

Several documents are missing from Dr. Baker's office, including D-522327's medical file and files regarding the investigations into the whereabouts of many D-class test subjects release by SCP-5223-1 from Site-██.D-522327's body camera and notebook are found sitting on what is left of Dr. Baker's desk. A sheet of ruled paper(presumably torn from D-522327's notebook) is resting on top of the notebook. On the paper is scrawled a note: "I would never leave her."

SCP-5223 is yet to be located. The creation of one Mobile Task Force Aleph-0(A unit explicitly designed for the capture and subsequent recapture of SCP-5223) is pending approval. Until Aleph-0's approval, Foundation field operatives are to conduct individual investigations at their leisure should they have reason to suspect that SCP-5223 is within their jurisdiction. Likewise, this document is to be updated upon Aleph-0's approval.

---

</details>

<< [SCP-5222](SCP-5222) | SCP-5223 | [SCP-5224](SCP-5224) >>

=====

> **Filename:** oldman.png

> **Author:** Alex Warbacher

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-5223

=====
