[!~~ CSS is located at the bottom. ~~]

]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:blacklight-box-source">:scp-wiki:component:blacklight-box-source</a> |inc-colors= --]

|color-family=dark

|bg-color=var(--fgColor)

|txt-color=var(--textColorMid)

|border-color=var(--accentColorLite)

|label-bg-color=var(--accentColor)

|label-txt-color=var(--keyColor)

]]

  

    

| %%title%% |
| --- |
| = Byㅤ %%created_by_linked%% |
| = **[*https://youtu.be/Ugajy7IfHJw « Audio Version »]** |
| Published on %%created_at|%d %b %Y%% |
 

**Published on 9 Mar 2020** 

---

 

This article is part of the forthcoming 

**Weaving Imperceptible Threads Continuity Hub**. 

 

 

---

.

 7 

---

# **SCP-5990**

[SCP Series VI](scp-series-6) >> SCP-5990

---

= ****SCP Database Entry****

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:blacklight-box-source">:scp-wiki:component:blacklight-box-source</a> |inc-section-start= --]

|color-family=dark

|unique-name=special-containment-procedures

|display-name=SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES

]]

The containment of SCP-5990 involves securing the location of an SCP-5990 event when it is reported and assisting in the clean-up of any damages, normative or anomalous.

There is currently no known means of ensuring total containment of SCP-5990 without the use of worldwide amnestic treatment or memetic reengineering. Efforts are instead directed toward improving environmental, ecological, social, and economic parameters by any means available to The Foundation.

]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:blacklight-box-source">:scp-wiki:component:blacklight-box-source</a> |inc-section-start= --]

|color-family=dark

|unique-name=description

|display-name=DESCRIPTION

]]

SCP-5990 is an occurrence wherein the human mind and its corresponding physical housing (the brain) undergo a rapid, anomalous expansion.

SCP-5990 occurs when prolonged stress and other triggers create a critical emotional mass within an individual's mind..For a full list of known triggers, contact your RAISA liaison. This can lead to an [intense mental fallout](SCP-5043) that most commonly causes migraines in the affected person. On the extreme end, this leads to brain aneurysm, the rapid swelling of nervous tissue to many times its baseline size, and cascading psychic surges among other unaccounted for anomalies. SCP-5990 is extremely rare, currently affecting ~71 000 persons per year,.One case per 100 000 persons per year, with a 1.1% increase in incidence per year since the mid-1980s. with one in 500 incidents being fatalities.

]

---

## **ADDENDA MATERIALS**

**Abridged List of Major SCP-5990 Events**

---

#### Background

In the 1976 draft of the DSM-III,.The *Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 3rd Edition*. the American Psychiatric Association first declares “rapid subconscious expansion” a rare psychological phenomenon. The World Parahealth Organization (WPhO) undergoes an extensive investigation into the phenomenon and observes significant mental flareups in clinical trials over four years.

By 1980, they conclude that the phenomenon is anomalous, with a variable probability of damaging the shared human psychosphere after each occurrence.

What follows is a series of corporate medical payoffs; the mass expungement, revision, and outright destruction of research and clinical data related to the phenomenon; and the amnestic treatment of in-the-know medical professionals. These factors lead to its mass cover-up in the mainstream sciences, including its removal from the DSM.

| Q3 2008 |
| --- |
Amid the 2008 Recession, the United States' paranormal market suffers a significant hit. The Global Occult Coalition slashes their funding of several organizations, including the WPhO. A record-high number of persons in the paranormal community experience the phenomenon out of stress.

| 7 March 2009 |
| --- |
The WPhO leaks several uncensored documents to The Foundation in secret. After verifying the source, The Foundation designates the phenomenon as “{{SCP-5990}}.”

All future SCP-5990 incidents under the purview of The Foundation Medical Department are covered up as non-anomalous mental illnesses causing a variety of physical symptoms.

| 1 January 2010 |
| --- |
Portland resident Fabian Keanes, a [Church of Maxwellism](church-of-the-broken-god-hub) (GOI-004C) adherent, celebrates New Years while under the influence of a black market Maxwellist drug. The drug ~~ known by its street name “overcloxia” ~~ stimulates cranial augmentations to temporarily improve mental performance and reaction time and create euphoria. The drug has side-effects that may cause overheating of both the body and brain. In its comedown, it throttles brain processing speeds.

Keanes overdoses on overcloxia, causing his brain to undergo SCP-5990, which short-circuits his augmentations. Electrical impulses arc from his cerebellum and raze the surrounding building, setting his cranium ablaze and injuring 12 people in the adjacent townhouse complex. Keanes is declared clinically dead at 01:47 AM PST.

Keanes is the first person under Foundation purview to experience SCP-5990.

The phenomenon continues in individuals at a similar rate as observed by the WPhO.

| 26 April 2020 |
| --- |
The Veil of Normality falls; [the Masquerade of secrecy breaks.](broken-masquerade-hub) The UN Global Occult Coalition and The SCP Foundation are revealed to the public, among other normalcy-preservation agencies.

| 23 October 2020 |
| --- |
The Foundation Department of Public Relations sustains high pressure at the administrative level because of overwhelmingly negative publicity over the last six months.

Public Relations Co-Director Tatiana Embla barricades herself in her office at Site-89 and attempts suicide by hanging. Embla displays SCP-5990 before her death. Because of her unshielded exposure to ontokinetic entities over ten years of her career, Embla displays a rare and spontaneous emergence of Class-IV Reality Manipulation capabilities brought on by trauma. Multiple low-level ontokinetic disturbances strike the site.

* Site Director Cristian Darshan (Embla's former superior, who she filed several undisclosed workplace reports against in the past) loses all bladder control. The door to his private quarters simultaneously disappears, transforming into a solid wall. Several hundred litres of urine flood the room. Site security recovers him nine hours later in soiled clothing.

* Embla's staff of 90 employees each discover a full year of added earnings in their bank accounts and a single Hershey's Kiss on each desk in the PR Office.

At first, The Foundation Department of Economics seizes the income with the claim that it constitutes external anomalous interference. Thereafter, a watchdog group for anomalous containment organizations (known as the Free Initiative for Respecting Mutual Anomalies or FIRMA) publishes scathing reports on Foundation worker mistreatment to several key news organizations. Facing overwhelming media pressure, an emergency sitting of the Ethics Committee votes 30–13 in favour of expanding the PR Office and increasing its funding. Each employee is awarded abundant cash bonuses.

* Embla's brain inflates in volume by 5 000% and explodes with a ~25 kg of TNT-equivalent blast, causing significant structural damage.

| 16 April 2021 |
| --- |
An independent journalist releases an anonymous report to CNN about corruption by Russian officials in the city of Kursk. The report accuses up to 160 Military Police members of attending private weekly banquets funded by laundered monies intended for the construction of a children's hospital. These banquets involved ritualistic psychic procedures for an as-yet unknown purpose.

At the last banquet, nine officials ~~ six men and three women ~~ are reported to have engaged in an intensive hivemind-based sexual ritual and experienced SCP-5990 at collective climax. All nine officials then disappeared. Officials later reported the scent of sulphur, scorch marks on the walls and ceiling, and deep, disembodied guttural laughter. Their current location is unknown.

| 10 May 2022 |
| --- |
SCP-5990 trends upwards in frequency after the consumer expansion of “Mindscaping” in the post-Veil world. Mindscaping is a burgeoning New Age industry involving psycho–oneiric mechanisms that can create a shared imagined space, referred to as a “mindscape.” Mindscapes are mass inter-connected communes that can be inhabited on a mental level, differing from Oneiric Collectives in that they can be accessed both in waking and in sleep.

A mindscape can inhabit a space as small as a single human brain, which itself can undergo a one-time SCP-5990 explosion fuelled by up to 150 external psychic connections.

The emergence of Mindscaping, alongside increased social upheaval in low-income non-anomalous communities, leads to a dramatic increase of SCP-5990 such that it recurs in global communities over the next two years.

<details>
<summary>MEMETIC GEAS REQUIRED</summary>

On 9 March 2024 at 0600 hours, the Overseer Council holds an emergency meeting at Site-01. After the meeting, O5-6 is recorded communicating with an unknown party via mobile phone. A transcript is as follows.

  

@@ @@

### **ANNOTATED AUDIO LOG**

@@ @@

= {{**[ BEGIN LOG ]**}}

  

    

**O5-6**

    

    

That many? Well, fuck me twice.

    

  

  

    

    

    

Pause.

    

  

  

    

**O5-6**

    

    

I hear ya'. I just don't get why they all can't pipe the hell down sometime, y'know? There's just, there ain't no need for that to happen. After throwin' the blame on 'im the whole time, she lost 'er damned mind and jumped 'im like a mouse, beat 'im senseless, an' then he just got up and walked out. And we didn't call off the meet'in or nothin'. Everyone just left. Bunch of children is what they are, but what can I do, y'know?

    

  

  

    

    

    

Pause.

    

  

  

    

**O5-6**

    

    

No, I won't. An' you know what, she always does this, doesn't she? One day *her* big head'll balloon up an' pop, an' then what.

    

  

  

    

    

    

Pause.

    

  

  

    

**O5-6**

    

    

We should -- what? Toss 'er in a shack?.This is believed to reference the SHACC or Standard Humanoid Anomaly Containment Cell. {{He laughs.}} Oh yeah, that'd do it. That'd really do it. Just don't look 'er in the eye, or you'll change into stone.

    

  

  

    

    

    

Pause.

    

  

  

    

**O5-6**

    

    

{{He sighs.}} I just wish everyone, the whole human race, just calmed down for a minute, maybe looked around an' figured what the hell they got under their skin. What made 'em feel they were so ugly inside. What made 'em go over an' over in those pained heads o' theirs. An' just looked at the big picture. Maybe then we wouldn't have everyone's heads explodin' or wishin' them neighbours' heads did.

    

  

  

    

    

    

Long pause.

    

  

  

    

**O5-6**

    

    

Or, or damn the whole thing. Maybe we don't need 'em. Maybe we just don't need 'em all weighin' us down. If we just had one damn human revolution an' put our heads up in the clouds --

    

  

  

    

**O5-6**

    

    

We'd all just fly away.

    

  

= {{**[ END LOG ]**}}

  

After this, O5-6 slips a hand in his coat, removes a cigar, and lights it. Minutes later, his head balloons in size by a factor of five, detaches from his body, and floats up into the sky.

</details>

= << [SCP-5989](SCP-5989) | [Lt Flops](floppyphoenix) | [SCP-5991](SCP-5991) >>

---

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]

/* == COMMON == */

 :root {

    --bgColor: hsl(360, 6%, 21%);

    --fgColor: hsl(360, 8%, 15%);

}

/* == A/V LOG FORMAT == */

 .logs {

    padding-top: .8rem;

    font-family: var(--mono-font);

}

 .logs hr {

    border-color: var(--accentColorLite);

}

 table td {

    line-height: 1.5;

}

 table.dialog {

    display: block;

    padding-top: 1.2rem;

    border-collapse: collapse;

}

 table.dialog th {

    padding: 1.2rem .8rem 1.2rem 0;

    border-right: thin solid var(--accentColorLite);

    font: 1.05rem var(--header-font);

}

 table.dialog td,

 table.dialog td.active tt {

    opacity: .75;

    font-style: italic;

}

 table.dialog td {

    padding: 1.2rem 0 1.2rem .8rem;

    font-family: var(--mono-font);

}

 table.dialog td.active {

    opacity: 1;

    font: 100%/1.5 var(--body-font);

    font-feature-settings: var(--glyphs);

}

 @media (max-width: 767px) {

     table.dialog th {

    	font-size: .85rem;

    }

}

/* == BLACKLIGHT BOX == */

 .modal,

 .blbf-main > div {

    margin: 1.5rem .5rem;

}

 .modal {

    width: calc(100% - 3rem);

    padding: 0 .75rem;

    color: var(--textColorMid);

    background: var(--fgColor);

    border: thick solid var(--accentColorLite);

}

 .blbf-main > div {

    border-width: thick;

    hyphens: none;

}

 .blbf-main > div::before {

    font-family: var(--header-font);

}

 @media (max-width: 767px) {

     .blbf-main > div {

    	padding-top: 0;

    }

}

/* == COLLAPSIBLES == */

 .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: flicker .8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

 @keyframes flicker {

     0% {

    	color: transparent;

    	border-bottom-color: transparent;

    }

     50%, 100% {

    	color: var(--accentColor);

    	border-bottom-color: var(--accentColor);

    }

}

 a.collapsible-block-link:hover {

    color: var(--alphaColor) !important;

}

 .unlock .collapsible-block-folded,

 .unlock .collapsible-block-unfolded-link {

    width: fit-content;

    margin: 5rem auto;

}

 .unlock .collapsible-block-content {

    margin-top: 5rem;

    margin-bottom: 5rem;

}

 .licensebox .collapsible-block-link {

    animation: 0 !important;

}

/* == DIV BLOCKS == */

 div.blockquote.lightweight {

    box-shadow: none;

}

 @media (min-width: 768px) {

     div.blockquote.lightweight {

    	width: 75%;

    	margin: auto;

    }

}

 .blockquote.lightweight.custom {

    width: fit-content;

    margin: 3.5rem auto;

    box-shadow: 5px 5px var(--keyColor);

}

/* == TABLES == */

 .abridged .wiki-content-table tr th {

    margin: 3.5rem auto;

    display: block;

    box-shadow: 5px 5px var(--keyColor);

    font: 1.15rem/1.2 var(--header-font);

}

/* == MISC. == */

 .scp-header {

    font-size: x-large;

}

 .icon-tint {

    filter:

    	invert(.3)

    	sepia(.5)

    	saturate(800%)

    	hue-rotate(var(--tint))

    	opacity(.8);

}
