#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The following document is to be preserved as an instance of mistreatment toward self-repairing humanoid anomalies. All names of personnel in this document have been falsified to maintain anonymity. Several tests from the testing logs in this document have been removed. This has been done to highlight specific negligent decisions. For the full, unaltered document, please contact the RAISA by dialing 8124 on your SCiPNet intercom.

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

**Item #:** SCP-5398-D

**Object Class:** Decommissioned (previously Euclid)

**Special Containment Procedures:** No containment procedures are needed.

<details>
<summary>Open Rescinded Containment Procedures</summary>

SCP-5398 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber outside of testing.

Testing is to be carried out inside of an operating theater with a minimum of 3 medical personnel present. SCP-5398 is to be under inhalant anesthesia during testing.

</details>

**Description:** SCP-5398 was a 16 year old male humanoid of Sri Lankan descent, formerly known as Mihindu Fonseca. SCP-5398 was capable of regenerating lost cells at an accelerated rate. While the rate of regeneration differed depending on the type of cell, it was found to regenerate at least 10 times the rate of baseline humans.

**Discovery:** On March 13^^th^^, 2018, SCP-5398 was in a motor vehicle accident in Galle, Sri Lanka, which resulted in 4 casualties and 2 injured, including SCP-5398. Upon arrival at Asiri Hospital Galle, first responders and medical personnel began to report signs of accelerated regeneration. Foundation agents embedded within the hospital quickly used cover story Chi-42 Transfer to a different medical facility better equipped to respond to the specific injury and/or illness.  to extract SCP-5398 from the facility. Amnestics were used as needed. Foundation agents were able to confirm that SCP-5398 did possess enhanced regenerative capabilities during transport.

**Testing:** 

<details>
<summary>Open Testing Log</summary>

| Test Number | Reason for Test | Procedure | Outcome | Additional Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Test #1 | Pain response | Pinch the left upper arm. | Standard response. | *All further testing is to be done under anesthetic. **-Researcher Guruge*** |
| Test #2 | None; accidental | Dr. Gopallawa, RN, was to administer an intravenous anesthetic in preparation for an upcoming test. | Dr. Gopallawa was unable to inject said anesthetic. Upon removal of the syringe from SCP-5398, it was revealed that the area the syringe should have pierced was regenerated nearly fully. | *Previous statement amended: All further testing is to be done under **inhalant** anesthetic. **-Researcher Guruge*** |
| Test #3 | Regeneration speed | A 5 cm square of the epidermis Outermost layer of skin.  is to be surgically removed from the left thigh. | Time from incision to full regeneration: 10.82 seconds. | None |
| Test #13 | Limb regeneration | Complete amputation of the left hand. | Full regeneration occurred in 16 hours, 49 minutes, 10 seconds. | *SCP-5398 reported pain following the procedure. Research team requests painkilling medications for current and future use on demand. **-Researcher Guruge*** *Request denied. Usage of such medications has been deemed unnecessary considering SCP-5398's properties. **-Site Director Chandawimala*** |
| Test #26 | Reaction to internal cell damage via biological means | Purposeful infection of *viral gastroenteritis* Commonly known as the stomach flu.  via ingestion of an infected meal. SCP-5398 is to have the following provisional containment procedure revision enacted: ~~SCP-5398 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber outside of testing.~~ ##blue|SCP-5398 is to be kept in the anomaly medical ward for the duration of the current test.## | While the cell damage caused by the gastroenteritis was largely undone while infected, the symptoms of vomiting and diarrhea appeared unaffected. | *SCP-5398 has shown further non-cooperation regarding testing. Reason stated to be lack of post-procedure medication. Requesting said medications on demand. **-Dr. Gopallawa**  Denied. Should uncooperative behavior escalate further, amnestic treatment has been approved. **-Site Director Chandawimala*** |
| Test #27 | Ensure fail-safe for test #28 | Place a GPS tracking chip in SCP-5398's left wrist. Following confirmation of activation, the same lower arm is to be amputated. | Regeneration time in line with previous test results. GPS tracking chip was not present upon regeneration. | *This test has shown us that if a foreign body is added, and subsequently removed via amputation, it will not be present upon regeneration. The fail-safe for test #28 has been confirmed functional. Awaiting Ethics Committee approval. **-Researcher Guruge*** |
| Test #28 | Reaction to a foreign biological entity destroying and residing within cells | An incision is to be made in SCP-5398's left inner elbow. A live sample of *necrotizing fasciitis* Commonly known as flesh-eating bacteria.  is then to be applied to the wound. SCP-5398 is to be given an armband equipped with a camera capable of microscopic zoom. Previously used provisional containment procedures are to be used. Test ~~pending approval~~ ##blue| approved## by the Ethics Committee. | See Addendum-5398-1. | *What have we done? **-Researcher Guruge*** |
</details>

**Addendum-5398-1:** 26 hours following test #28 (see **Testing**), SCP-5398 began to report increasingly great pain from its left inner elbow. Upon examination via the camera placed on its armband, it was seen that while the discoloration caused by the *necrotizing fasciitis* infection was visible, cell death was found to be heavily slowed. This resulted in SCP-5398's regenerative properties being capable of regenerating cells at a rate faster than the cell deaths. It was also seen that the infection was beginning to spread to further areas of SCP-5398's arm. The fail-safe for the procedure was immediately enacted. Complete amputation of the left arm.  While the procedure was completed without any complications, upon regeneration, the limb was unchanged in regards to the infection. A state of emergency was called with regards to SCP-5398, and testing was expedited for the purpose of removing the *necrotizing fasciitis* bacteria within SCP-5398. SCP-5398 was also to remain in its provisional containment during this time.

<details>
<summary>Open Emergency Testing Log</summary>

The Ethics Committee has deemed the content of this testing log to be unessential in displaying the mistreatment of SCP-5398. The following is information relating to the testing log that was originally present to ensure understanding of further sections of this document.

**Total Emergency Tests Done:** 57

**Time From Test #1 to Test #57:** 3 Days

**Percentage of SCP-5398's skin, fat, and muscle tissue infected with *necrotizing fasciitis*:** 100%

*It appears that only non-biological bodies can be removed from SCP-5398. **-Researcher Guruge***

</details>

**Addendum-5398-2:** On March 29^^th^^, 2018, the following Decommissioning Department mandate was approved by the Ethics Committee:

<details>
<summary>Open Mandate</summary>

= **DECOMMISSIONING DEPARTMENT TERMINATION REQUEST**

ITEM TO BE TERMINATED: SCP-5398 

REASON FOR TERMINATION: As of yet, there is currently no way to remove the *necrotizing fasciitis* infection from SCP-5398, and is theorized to be impossible (see **Addendum-5398-1**). As inhalant anesthetic is not as potent as intravenous, SCP-5398 is constantly suffering. There is the additional issue of SCP-5398 being unable to be properly tested, as we would no metric to gauge the rate of regeneration coupled with the rate of cell death.

RECOMMENDED TERMINATION METHOD: Ingested botulinum toxin. This allows the termination to be unaffected by SCP-5398's anomalous properties.

= ETHICS COMMITTEE VOTE SUMMARY:

| YEA | NAY | ABSTAIN |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 9 VOTES | 4 VOTES | 2 VOTES |
@@ @@

| STATUS |
| --- |
| ##057800|APPROVED## |
SCP-5398 was terminated shortly after SCP-5398's research team received the above mandate via ingested botulinum toxin, as was recommended.

</details>

**Notice:** The following section was added to this document following the decision to preserve it.

#### Afterword

I am Eleonora Grosse, the, at the time of SCP-5398's termination, Chairwoman of the Ethics Committee. Following the reading of the prior sections of this document, you are most likely appalled by the actions of the Foundation, and rightfully so. That is the reason why I, personally, am editing this document, to apologize for what we have done. Apologize for the medications it was refused, for the allowance of test #28, and especially for the termination of an otherwise benign anomaly. I have not only come to apologize, but also show you what precautions have been taken to ensure this is not repeated. There will always be lapses in ethical judgement. What we must do is remember them, and prevent them.

-- Elenora Grosse, Chairwoman, Ethics Committee

<details>
<summary>Open Attached Document</summary>

= **ETHICS COMMITTEE MANDATE #9173**

From this moment forward, all baseline testing of self-repairing humanoid SCP subjects is to follow similar procedure as to those listed below.

Note: All of the following tests are to be done by automated systems to ensure swift execution of the procedure. This is done to ensure the regenerative capabilities of the SCP subject do not interfere with the procedure.

| Reason for Test | Procedure |
| --- | --- |
| Pain Response | A 21-23 gauge syringe .63 to .83mm in outer diameter.  is to be placed within a blood vessel. If possible, 10ml of blood are to be taken for testing. The subject is then to be questioned whether this caused them any pain or discomfort. If yes, all further testing is to be done under anesthesia. |
| Epidermal Regeneration | A 5cm square is to be removed from the epidermis. Time from removal to full regeneration is to be recorded. |
| Burn Regeneration | An end of a small copper rod is to be heated to 70^^o^^C, and subsequently held to the epidermis of the subject until a first degree burn manifests. Time from burn appearance to full regeneration is to be recorded. |
| Bone Realignment | A bone is to be dislocated. Time from dislocation to relocation is to be recorded. Should the time surpass 5 minutes, the bone is to be manually relocated and treated as a non-anomalous dislocation. |
The SCP subject is to be informed of these tests prior to the enactment of the procedure. Should the subject make requests regarding the location of the tests, they are to be followed unless deemed unsafe. The SCP subject is to be allowed access to pain suppressing medication following tests as needed.

Additional testing requires Ethics Committee approval. Tests may also be requested to be added to the prior list, however, this will also require Ethics Committee approval.

For an illustration of properly adhering to this mandate, see [SCP-4820](SCP-4820).

FAILURE TO COMPLY WILL RESULT IN DISCIPLINARY ACTION INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: REASSIGNMENT, DEMOTION, AND/OR TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-5397](SCP-5397) | SCP-5398 | [SCP-5399](SCP-5399) >>
