**SCP-5869**

**Author:** 

---

**More things I made**

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/petition-to-ban-margssentif Please Sign This Petition!!!]

 

@@ @@

**Containment Procedures:** ~~The Alpha-3 Telescope at the Astronomy Division of Mars Site 12~~ The Septa Telescopes at Earth Site 63 are to maintain constant surveillance over SCP-5869Due to Earth and the Independent Mars Democracy's heightening military tensions, Earth Site 63 is now responsible for supervision over SCP-5869. All images and scans received from SCP-5869 must be screened for cognitohazards, infovores, and other transmittable anomalies prior to viewing. 

Foundation operatives are to inspect the findings of all significant observatories and space telescopes. Any astronomical investigations which focus on areas near SCP-5869 are to be sabotaged or infiltrated by Foundation agents. Long-range space telescopes have been programmed to ignore the existence of the Rezzia star system and omit images of it from photographs.

The danger posed by the volatile nature of SCP-5869 has made closer research by FTL probe or a ship bearing a cryogenically frozen crew inadvisable. Instead, laboratory replications of SCP-5869 phenomena will be studied. Additional funding has been given to the Inverted Reality Anchor project to study the nature of SCP-5869’s effect.

UFO-5869 is to be stored in the non-anomalous storage bay at Earth Site 63.

**Description:** SCP-5869 is Rezzia-D, an exoplanet located within the Rezzia star system, 7.56 light-years from the Solar System. SCP-5869 and the area surrounding it deviates greatly from baseline reality.

SCP-5869 undergoes rapid changes characteristic of low-Hume environments. These alterations include frequent and sudden changes in size, temperature, surface topography, elemental composition, density, luminosity, axis of rotation, speed of rotation and orbit, and position in orbit around its parent star.

When light reflects off of SCP-5869, it is subject to random acceleration or deceleration. Two images that normally would have captured the state of the planet thousands of years apart can be observed in a much shorter amount of time, making a precise summary of the current state of SCP-5869 impossible.

Rezzia, SCP-5869’s star system, is near-identical to the Solar System. SCP-5869 is in the third-closest orbit from a yellow dwarf starDesignated Rezzia-A in a sequence of eight planetsDesignated Rezzia-B - Rezzia-I. The seven other planets of the Rezzia solar system have virtually the same size, appearance, composition, and distance from the Rezzia-A as those of Earth’s Solar System. There are significant differences, however. Rezzia-ECorresponding to Mars is significantly more cratered and radioactive, Rezzia-GCorresponding to Saturn is ringless, and Rezzia-CCorresponding to Venus has a much higher presence of gaseous oxygen, water, and organics.

The celestial bodies surrounding SCP-5869 are, to a lesser extent, subject to the same anomalies; since SCP-5869's initial discovery the area of effect has expanded past the farthest orbit of Rezzia-HCorresponding to Uranus. The only exception is Rezzia-C; the Long-Range Kant Counter aboard the Hubble space telescope observed a baseline reality of 0.86 Humes per m^^2^^ on the planet, the closest to Earth's baseline of 1 Hume per m^^2^^. This dispersal of anomalous traits over distance is similar in function to that of the Inverted Reality AnchorThe IRA is an under-construction prototype seeking to reverse the principle of the Scranton Reality Anchor, diffusing Humes into adjacent realities, rather than absorbing them. IRAs theoretically would not need a power source due to the Hume Throughflow Effect, wherein the flow of Humes through the wormhole creates a vacuum, pulling more Humes, and potentially matter, into the target reality.. The degree to which objects are affected increases with proximity to SCP-5869. SCP-5869 has a baseline reality of 6.32E-18 Humes per m^^2^^. and exhibits reality degradation at a rate equivalent to that of an IRA at a 500X scale of the design currently proposed. 

Despite SCP-5869’s alterations, several constants have been identified:

* Water makes up a high percentage of either SCP-5869's atmosphere or surface, this is dependent on SCP-5869’s temperature. The water molecules may be separated depending on the temperature of SCP-5869 but will reform after the surface cools.

* SCP-5869 will transmit cognitohazards designed to target humans. The spread of the signal shows that the hazards are being directed towards Rezzia-E. The distance between SCP-5869 and Earth render most received transmissions harmless.

* Rings of metallic debris orbit both SCP-5869 and Rezzia-C.

* Upon discovery, SCP-5869 had a single large moon, which later disappeared permanently. Despite supervision of SCP-5869, the disappearance was not noticed until much later.

**Addendum:** A freighter starship transporting supplies for the Venus Terraforming Initiative observed an unidentified metal object of possible artificial origin, designated UFO-5869. The trajectory of the UFO-5869 determined that it originated from the Rezzia system and was transported to Site 12 for analysis. 

UFO-5869 was identified as a piece of machinery; much of UFO-5869's previous structure had been irreversibly damaged or removed by asteroid impacts, making classification of its original purpose impossible. A severely damaged objectDesignated UFO-5869-1 was found in several fragments embedded within UFO-5869.  UFO-5869-1 was attached to the surface of UFO-5869 before an impact with space debris forced it in through the hull of SCP-5869, separating it into several pieces. UFO-5869-1's retrieval is impossible without causing irreparable damage to both UFO-5869 and UFO-5869-1. Instead, scans have been used to extrapolate what UFO-5869-1 looked like prior to its damage. 

UFO-5869-1 is several fragments of what was previously an engraved disc made of gold-plated copper with an aluminium covering.

**Computer-generated depiction of UFO-5869-1:**

<< [SCP-5868](SCP-5868) | SCP-5869 | [SCP-5870](SCP-5870) >>
