**Item #:** 5610

**Containment Class:**  Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5610 events are to be minimally monitored.

Meanwhile, a study of all cultures with a particular focus on shame and facades Such as Japanese *honne* and *tatemae*, which revolve around public and private appearances. is to be initiated for any relations with SCP-5610. All historical documents related to felines are to be also investigated.

**Description:**  SCP-5610 is an anomalous entity that is only observable by individuals with a cognitive resistance value of 5.6 and above. Approximately 56 percent of Japan's population has been found to have an instance of SCP-5610 resting atop of their head. However, no discomfort is felt by the subject these instances are resting on.

As a subject's behavior in public becomes more congruent to their behavior in private, the instance of SCP-5610 becomes increasingly detailed. This continues until it produces one of two results: either the instance would vanish, or in approximately six percent of all cases, it transforms into a non-anomalous cat(*Felis catus*) and jumps off the subject's head.

SCP-5610 is prominently featured in haikus; living authors, when questioned, remember it. Notable ones are translated below.

It is humankind

To put a cat on the head猫をかぶる. A popular Japanese idiom. It means to feign a favorable personality.

To love and hate swords

-*Oda Nobunaga, 1580*

@@@@

When a child suckles,

The cat inside him also does,

Partnered on rough paths

-*Basho, 1672*

@@@@

Are we not all cats

On heads of weak, chatting mice

Or hardened tigers?

-*Emiri Takagata, 1923*

@@@@

To the barrack bed,

An old cat jumps from my head

Meowing with pity

-*Jou Takamiki, 1944*

@@@@

Bored, OnekoPolite form for cat sighs,

Telling me to cry for him

Yet I save face, tears 

-*Deo Takamiki, 1944*

@@@@

Banging the weak wall,

From my rotten, though shined crown

A cat skitters through

-*Aiko Torikatsu, 1976*

@@@@

The cat leaves haughty,

My thoughts, like leaves on a pond

Float in unison

-*Moeka Horinami, 1980*

@@@@

Reflections of mine

A cat claws back from the top

I smile sadly now

-*Haruki Murakami, 1998*

@@@@

**Update:** Several historical records in Egypt, dating as far back as 3500 B.C. have been noted for indicating manifestations of SCP-5610.

<< [SCP-5609](SCP-5609) | SCP-5610 | [SCP-5611](SCP-5611) >>

=====

> **Name:** Cat Seen from Behind

> **Filename:** neko.jpg

> **Author:** Kawabata Gyokusho

> **License:** CC0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:%E7%8C%AB%E5%9B%B3-Cat_Seen_from_Behind_MET_DP211876.jpg)

=====
