=====

=====

Head like a hole, tail between my legs

Some kind of love, some kind of hate

When I made my escape, I found a nice hiding place

It was warm and dark, and it had teeth at the entrance

( AJJ - Terrifyer )

SCP-5315 - "Boneyard"

[Troutmaskreplica's author page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/trouts-authorpage)

**Item #:** SCP-5315

**Object Class:** Location

**Containment Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Under no circumstances is anyone permitted to ascend SCP-5315. The surrounding region has been designated a restricted zone operated by the Department of Geology. Cover story Theta-89 ("Unsafe Environment") has proven effective in deterring hikers.

**Description:**  SCP-5315 refers to Rhoanstarke Mountain and its connected cave system, located within the Appalachian Mountain range, United States.

Individuals that begin to scale SCP-5315 will be unable to leave its perimeter. The topography of the area will regularly shift while outside of the hiker's line of sight, leading them further up the mountain regardless of their attempts to descend. Victims usually become aware of this effect approximately two hours into their attempted descent.

Vegetation on SCP-5315 thins at an elevation of ~300 meters, completely dissipating at ~400 meters. Any trail markers left behind by hikers will be removed by SCP-5315 moments after they leave the hikers' line of sight. If SCP-5315 is traversed by a group of people, SCP-5315 will separate the group through harsh weather, landslides, dense fog, or changes in its geography. No group has maintained contact beyond 600 meters of elevation.

Individuals scaling SCP-5315 will experience intense physical fatigue and dehydration, unable to rest due to increasingly hostile and rough terrain. However, they will continue to scale regardless of their attempts to stop due to physical injury. SCP-5315 lacks any cognitohazardous or mind-altering effects.

Once the target reaches an altitude of ~2,100 meters, the terrain funnels into a narrow valley leading directly to a cavern located along the mountain's northeastern face. Regardless of if the target attempts to flee, they will inevitably be forced into the cave. Those who enter the cave are unable to be recovered. Remote viewing shows that the cavern walls gradually shrink down to two feet in diameter, leading into a pit. It is unknown what is at the bottom.

Despite the anomalous phenomena surrounding SCP-5315, the rate of disappearances in the area is statistically average for the eastern United States. Because of this, the Department of Geology and the Department of Statistics were tasked with determining the reasons for this phenomenon. Results are below.

<details>
<summary>View Results</summary>

It is currently debated if SCP-5315 is unique in its predatory behavior.

</details>

<< [SCP-5314](SCP-5314) | SCP-5315 | [SCP-5316](SCP-5316) >>

=====

> **Filename:** mountain.jpg

> **Name:** Standpunkt Cima di Ceremana, Blick auf Feldwache und Colbricon sowie Palagruppe

> **Author:** K.u.k. Kriegspressequartier

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Standpunkt_Cima_di_Ceremana,_Blick_auf_Feldwache_und_Colbricon_sowie_Palagruppe._(BildID_15424232).jpg

> **Filename:** comparison.png

> **Name:** Map of USA DC

> **Author:** [User:te wiki]

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Map_of_USA_DC.svg

> **Notes:** Edited by me, TroutMaskReplica

=====
