**SCP-5274:** In My Heart, Always

**Author:** 

[More by this author](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/crystalmonarch-s-author-page)

**Item #:** SCP-5274

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5274-1 and SCP-5274-2 are currently contained at Site-109 in standard Humanoid Containment Cell A102. No exceptional restrictions have been placed on their access to external media and products, and they have been permitted access to their cat, Dora. 

**Description:** SCP-5274 refers to two humanoid entities whose bodies are linked via a currently unknown thaumaturgic process. SCP-5274-1 is James Stewart, a 55 year old former landscape engineer, and SCP-5274-2 is his wife Linda Stewart, a 57 year old former part time teaching assistant. 

Each sunset and sunrise a 5274-Event occurs during which the currently active instance emits an intense white light for 2.8 microseconds, after which time they have been replaced by the other instance. SCP-5274-1 is active from sunset to sunrise and SCP-5274-2 is active from sunrise to sunset.

**Discovery:**  SCP-5274 was recovered from the village of Altarnun, Cornwall on 28/9/10 after Linda Stewart called emergency services to report her husband was missing at 7:38am that morning. Local police elected not to immediately investigate as at this time he had only been missing since Linda Stewart awoke at 7:00am and there were no reported suspicious circumstances. 

At 6:45pm James Stewart called emergency services to report that his wife was missing and that he had experienced memory loss of the day up until shortly before calling. Foundation Agents were sent to investigate, and after witnessing a 5274-Event they took SCP-5274 into containment.

<details>
<summary>Medical Results Summary</summary>

**Medical Results Summary:** Routine medical scans of SCP-5274 revealed that each instance has a spherical mass approximately 2.8cm in diameter in the left atrium of their heart. This mass is embedded in the atrial wall, and despite its large size appears to have no negative impact on blood flow or heart rate. MRI scans indicate that these masses are composed of hollow bone, with the interior filled with liquid. 

Both instances also had severe iron deficiency but showed no signs of iron deficiency related health problems, and responded poorly to iron supplements.

Following these results both SCP-5274 instances' genomes were sequenced in an attempt to understand the mechanism behind their anomalous physiology. So far several abnormalities have been discovered which are still being investigated. One unusual discovery of particular note is that epigenetic markings indicate that both instances were born between 1980 and 1983. This is incongruous with both their physical appearance and with their identification records which indicate they were born in 1955SCP-5274-1 AKA James Stewart. and 1953SCP-5274-2 AKA Linda Stewart..

</details>

<details>
<summary>SCP-5274-2 Interview 14</summary>

**SCP-5274-2 Interview 5274-14**

**Date:** 14/10/2010

**Interviewed:** SCP-5274-2

**Interviewer:** Dr. Kristov

**Foreword:** This interview was conducted immediately following the results of genetic testing with the goal of discovering more about the origins of SCP-5274. At this point SCP-5274-2 has been made aware of the nature of the anomaly affecting her, and has been informed about the nature of the Foundation. She has proven co-operative after being assured that the Foundation shares her goal of reversing this anomaly.

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr Kristov:** Hello Mrs Stewart, how are you feeling today?

**SCP-5274-2** To be quite honest with you, I’m lonely, bored and thoroughly sick of being stuck here without my husband.

**Dr Kristov:** I’m sorry to hear that Mrs Stewart. I want you to know that we’re doing everything we can to understand what happened to you and your husband, and how we can fix it.

**SCP-5274-2:** Yes, well, I appreciate the effort but it’s been weeks without so much as even getting to have a real conversation with him. I’m so sick of writing letters.

**Dr Kristov:** I understand, but the best way for you to help us fix this is to answer our questions. Why don’t we start with your experiences when you were absent last night?

**SCP-5274-2:** Sure. Same as all the other times really, feels almost like being asleep but I’m aware at the same time. It’s warm and comfortable, and feels like I’m floating underwater but I don’t need to breathe. I feel safe, and sometimes I feel like James is there with me, protecting me somehow. 

I tried those exercises you talked about last time, but I still can’t seem to move much when I’m in that place. It feels like my body is so weak and tired, I can barely wiggle my fingers. 

**Dr Kristov:** I appreciate you making the effort Mrs Stewart, keep trying and we’ll keep working at the problem from our end. Now we’ve had the results back from your genetic testing and there’s some quite odd things in there I’d like to ask you about.

**SCP-5274-2:** It’s not about the heart thing, or the iron deficiency again is it? Because I told you I have no idea what that’s all about, Kathy at work told me all about her anaemia and I’ve never had anything like that. 

**Dr Kristov:** No, it’s actually about your age Mrs Stewart. Your epigenetic profile indicates you’re only 28 or so years old.

**SCP-5274-2:** Ha! Well, I’ll take that as a compliment but no, I can only wish. I was married a little over 28 years ago, and I was no child bride, I promise you.

**Dr Kristov:** There’s a possibility the anomaly is throwing off the readings somehow, it’s a very new technology. But we’ve also had a great deal of difficulty tracing anything from either of your childhoods, or anything before you got married really.

**SCP-5274-2:** Well, I don’t see how digging into our pasts is going to help anything, it’s not like having a disappearing husband is a genetic trait! Aren’t there more actual tests you could be doing instead of poking around in our private business?

**Dr Kristov:** Please Mrs Stewart, I know all of this has been very difficult for you, but the more we understand, the easier it’s going to be for us to fix this.

**SCP-5274-2:** *sigh* Fine. Not much to tell honestly. No siblings and both our parents died years ago. We weren’t in touch with them anyway, they didn’t approve of our marriage. James’s family was from Ireland and a silly matter of religion turned into a feud between the families. We never looked back after we got together. 

**Dr Kristov:** Thank you Mrs Stewart. I’ll let you know anything else we’re able to uncover about your condition.

**SCP-5274-2:** You do that. Oh, and while you’re here could you show me how to work this ipad camcorder thingymajig? I want to record another video for James.

**<End Log>**

</details>

<details>
<summary>5274-Event High Speed Recording</summary>

**5274-Event High Speed Recording**

**Date:** 16/10/10

**Subject:** SCP-5274-1

**Foreword:** A CCD Charge Coupled Device. imaging system, specially adapted for high light intensity and fitted with a thaumaturgically sensitive lens, was used to record a 5274-Event. This high frame rate footage could then be slowed and viewed in detail, as described in the following transcript. All times are in microseconds with 0 as the onset of the sunrise 5274-Event

**[-6.00]** Thaumaturgic imaging detects multiple indistinct entities approaching SCP-5274-1. These resemble three dimensional shadows that are approximately humanoid in size and proportion. SCP-5274-1’s auraAuras are visible only under thaumaturgic imaging and can be used as indicators for a person's mood, health and/or spiritual well-being. can at this point be seen to begin diminishing.

**[-1.50]** Several of the shadow entities reach for, and make contact with, SCP-5274-1. This results in his aura diminishing further, to a point generally only observed in individuals who are sleeping or unconscious.

**[0.00]**  A humanoid entity, approximately 1.5cm tall, emerges from SCP-5274-1’s chest. The entity appears to be the source of the light observed in 5274-Events and passes through SCP-5274-1’s chest without causing any visible harm.

**[0.80]** The shadow entities react strongly to the light, retreating and diminishing in size. However, SCP-5274-1’s aura also continues to diminish.

**[1.20]** The light entity grows rapidly in size to around 1.6m and the shadow entities diminish to a point they are no longer detectable. The light entity then takes hold of SCP-5274-1 who begins to physically shrink.

**[2.50]** SCP-5274-1 is now around 1.5cm tall and held in the light entity’s cupped hands. His aura remains weak, but has stabilised.

**[2.60]** The light entity holds the shrunken SCP-5274-1 to their chest and SCP-5274-1 appears to be absorbed. 

**[2.80]** The light ceases to be emitted and the light entity can be observed to be SCP-5274-2.

**<End Log>**

**Closing:** Recordings of sunset 5274-Events show a very similar sequence of events, with the positions of SCP-5274-1 and SCP-5274-2 reversed. All subsequent recordings have been near identical, with only minor variations.

</details>

<details>
<summary>SCP-5274 Contact Records Excerpt</summary>

**SCP-5274 Contact Records Excerpt**

**Foreword:** After analysis of 5274-Events revealed that SCP-5274 instances are contained within each other's hearts between events, it was theorised that two-way communication should be possible. A modified communications device was constructed that proved capable of remaining in SCP-5274 instances possession between 5274-Events. 

Vocal communication has thus far proven impossible due to ambient liquid, however training SCP-5274 instances in lucid dreaming techniques has allowed them to retain sufficient awareness to communicate via text. A excerpt of their communication on 23/10/10 is recorded here:

Messages from SCP-5274-1James Stewart. are in blue, and messages from SCP-5274-2Linda Stewart. are in green.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Good morning beautiful

 

 

 

Hi sweetie, you nice and comfy in there?

Haha, comfortable as I can be

 

 

 

Dora is in a huff, I think she’s missing you already

Nonsense, she’s just trying to get you to give her a treat, she knows you’re soft

 

 

 

How can I deny my darling kitty anything when she looks so adorable? I’m taking a picture honey, make sure to take a look when you get back.

I will. Got any plans for today, maybe finish knitting those socks you promised me?

 

 

 

I told you,  I’ll get to them when I get to them, let me at least make breakfast first

I miss your bacon and pancakes

Well, tomorrow I’ll whip some up just before sunrise, they’ll be warm and ready for you when you get back. 

 

 

 

It’s not the same. I miss you

I miss you too love, but we’ll get through this just like all the other hard times. At least we can talk now so I can try to make you smile.

 

 

 

Yes, that helps

I love you James

I love you too Linda

</details>

<details>
<summary>Investigation into SCP-5274 Origins</summary>

**Investigation into SCP-5274 Origins:** Research into the Stewarts' past revealed that their passports, birth certificates and all other documentation were either forgeries or derived from forgeries. Extensive evidence is available of their life in the village of Altarnun and their activity in the local community. However, no genuine documentation or witnesses have been found that can attest to their whereabouts prior to when they originally moved to the village of Altarnun on 28/9/1982. As a result, the Stewarts' existence prior to this time cannot be verified.

Of note, this is the same date that an anomalous event was recorded as having occurred in Altarnun. That entry from the Log of Extranormal Events is enclosed below.

**Event Description:** At 2:15pm every child within the borders of the village of Altarnun between the ages of 6 and 16 recited the same nursery rhyme.  No evidence of this rhyme has been found to exist prior to this event, and none of the affected children were able to explain how they knew the rhyme or why they chose to recite it at that time.

**Date of Occurrence:** 28/9/1982

**Location:** Cornwall, United Kingdom

**Follow-up Actions Taken:** A cover story was created that this event was a marketing stunt organised to promote the publication of a new collection of historic British nursery rhymes.

**The Altarnun Rhyme:**

The knight loved the princess, and the princess loved the knight

But their clans shared no love, save the love of the fight

And so the lovers fled, far from the other fae

They hid as humans, and in hiding they would stay

But an immortal’s memories are long indeed

And so a curse shall follow, where’er the lovers lead

No more together, forever apart

Each to keep only memories, deep in their heart

</details>

<< [SCP-5273](SCP-5273) | SCP-5274 | [SCP-5275](SCP-5275) >>

> **Filename:** Couple.jpg

> **Name:** Happy couple

> **Author:** Doug Ford

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/dorofo2504/8177914824/)
