[!~~ crom-title: My Gift to You, Oh Love ~~]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5372 is accessible to the general public, with Foundation containment efforts focused on obscuring its anomalous nature. All publicly available information relating to SCP-5372 is designed to explain its anomalous properties using accepted science. All Luray Caverns employees working with SCP-5372 have been given this cover story to disseminate to the general public. 

A series of false control solenoidsA type of electromagnet used in lithophones. with rubber mallets have been positioned on various stalagmites and stalactites in SCP-5372 chambers to further obscure its anomalous nature.

All non-Foundation speleological studies into Luray Caverns are prohibited from researching the cavern containing SCP-5372, as well as any area within 5 meters below this cavern.

**Description:** SCP-5372, publicly known as the Great Stalacpipe Organ, is a lithophoneA musical instrument consisting of a rock or pieces of rock which are struck to produce musical notes. located in a 260,000 m^^3^^ chamber within Luray Caverns in Virginia. SCP-5372 produces musical tones from the various stalagmites and stalactites within its chamber through anomalous means.

While SCP-5372's keys can be played traditionally and produce the expected musical tones, SCP-5372 will automatically begin playing itself at 10 minute intervals. The songs played by SCP-5372 have varied; however, SCP-5372 most commonly plays various compositions from composer Ludwig van Beethoven. These performances typically last an average of 3-4 minutes and contain no inherent anomalous properties.

**Addendum 5372.1:** Discovery

SCP-5372 was originally discovered by Foundation Agent Leland Sprinkle in 1956 during an investigation into an unrelated anomaly originating in Luray Caverns. SCP-5372 was incomplete at the time, resulting in the Foundation setting up an observational perimeter around the object. Despite active Foundation observation, the entity responsible for the construction of SCP-5372 was never identified. Upon completion, SCP-5372 began playing, revealing its anomalous features.

Further investigation revealed that SCP-5372 was unable to be moved from its position. Due to a combination of the anomaly being low-risk, lacking any hazardous effects, being easy to cover up, and existing in an extremely public location, the O5 council decided to allow the anomaly to exist as public knowledge with the intent of using Luray Cavern tourism as a source of funding.

On July 24th, 1956, a small slot was discovered on the back of SCP-5372. Agent Sprinkle was able to open the slot without incident, and the slot was revealed to contain a book of poems and letters written by former Luray resident Edmund HeathLater investigations revealed Mr. Heath to have been an avid practitioner of thaumaturgy.. All the literature contained within is addressed to former Luray resident Alexander Michael. The final letter recorded in the book is believed to reference SCP-5372 and has been transcribed below. For a full transcript of the contents of this book, please contact Dr. Fling.

I write this letter to you on our anniversary. This day I will eternally hold above all others, honoring it as I have honored you through our lives. I sit here in our retreat, surrounded by the silent, unjudging darkness that embraced us the way we had embraced one another.

It's familiar. A bitter nostalgia that sits on the back of the tongue as if trying to pull out the words to describe an indescribable feeling.

I ask myself that one question that has always terrified me. What does it mean to love? To be loved? I feared my whole life that someone would ask me this, knowing I could never answer honestly. Knowing that I would betray and deny you like Paul the Apostle. They would spit upon us, claim we were irredeemable sinners. They would claim I had fallen for a demon come to steal me away from what is righteous and holy. I had always feared somewhere deep down that they were right. 

But then you held me close, whispering sweet nothings. In this, our blind retreat, I knew someone saw me for me. I no longer feared answering such questions. These small, stolen moments burning into my mind and I dare never give them away. Surely if you had been a demon and this place my hell, then damned be heaven.  

I admit my love for you has made me selfish in many ways. I forget myself without you, and now I sit here in Hell condemning God for taking you from me. For allowing you to die alone.

I will not allow you to be buried alone. If I should be the only one to send you off, then allow me to hum hallelujah as I return you to the Earth. 

My gift to you, oh love, is an eternal sleep serenaded by the place we so adored. Allow the walls of our secret place of solace to be the lullaby that carries you off to across the moon river as you wait to see what comes next.

I too, will wait. Wait for a future where we might be together in the sun, and wait for the time God takes me to be by your side once more. And, should our love have been a crime in His eyes, I pray that I alone am punished for the sin.

Wait for me, my love, I'm coming.

**Addendum 5372.2:** Foundation speleological reports performed on January 14th, 1967, revealed that two objects had manifested beneath SCP-5372.  Further investigation revealed these objects to be two human skeletons wrapped in an embrace. Aside from their sudden manifestation, they were otherwise non-anomalous and have been left undisturbed. 

When these objects manifested, SCP-5372 began playing Henry Mancini's "Moon River". Following the conclusion of this performance, a note manifested in SCP-5372's back compartment. The note's contents have been transcribed below.

> **Eternity**

> By Edmund Heath

>

> Chilled air, warmed touch

> Drips of water punctuate tender silence

> Joy of being seen, fear of being known

> Dark's embrace, love's embrace

> All a comfort in sinful escape

> The eyes of nature on us, unjudging, uncaring

> Together we stay

> Intertwined souls forever more

<< [SCP-5371](SCP-5371) | SCP-5372 | [SCP-5373](SCP-5373) >>

=====

> **Filename:** stalacpipe organ.jpg

> **Author:** OriTiefling

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0

> **Notes:** Image is property of this article's original author, OriTiefling. The author has chosen to release this image under Creative Commons.

=====
