---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

 Site-42

 Theron Sherman 

 Arnold Bergen 

 Nexus Control Team Gamma-2 ("Americana Division")

---

## * Markhaven, Indiana

**Dunwich Class Nexus**

**Settled**

~1954

**Incorporated**

1976

**Foundation Discovery**

1977

**Threat Level**

Medium

**Government**

Autocratic Dictatorship

**Military**

Markhaven Defence Force "Boys in Blue"

**Mayor**

Michael Ramis

**Area**

Approximately 1,300 Km^^2^^

**Residents**

Approximately 2,500

****

**Affiliated Groups of Interest**

GoI-627 ("The Factory")

****

**Demonym**

Markhavener

**Languages**

English

(Other languages prohibited by law)

**Currencies**

Ronnie

**Special Containment Procedures:** A subterranean outpost has been established 20 km away from SCP-5478's southmost corner. It is manned by two field agents, three D-Class personnel, and three Senior Researchers (Nexus Control Team Gamma-2). Water samples from the soil around SCP-5478's outskirts are to be collected bi-monthly. Intercepted broadcasts are to be scanned for psychotropic hazards, filtered, and then relayed back to Site-42 for study.

Two Foundation Senior Researchers (Drs. Juliette Lewis and Clark Hamilton) have been installed within SCP-5478, disguised as new residents. They have been trained in standard espionage procedures; observations are to be sent in an enveloped letter between the bars of the fence around SCP-5478 whenever possible. They currently reside in Provisional Site-145, officially known as 257 Eagleton Street.

**Description:** SCP-5478 is the gated commune of Markhaven, an isolated community in central Indiana. SCP-5478 is approximately 1,300 km^^2^^ in size, with an estimated population of 2, 500 people. The interior of SCP-5478 predominantly consists of identical housing units around a fountain in the town's center, with several shops and offices surrounding the outskirts. From the fountain is a short path to St. Ronald's Church, the largest structure within SCP-5478.

Architectural styles within SCP-5478 are drawn from colonial and 1950's styled suburbia, making extensive use of white picket fences, pastel colors, stucco, and wraparound porches. SCP-5478 is kept abnormally clean and sterile by a group of janitorial workers, transferred from the community's prison complex.

An invisible force extends upwards around the fence, repelling all living organic entities from touching or damaging the fence; however, objects and people within SCP-5478 are capable of limited contact and outward movement. Looking into SCP-5478 from an outside aerial view makes all inhabitants within completely imperceptible; this is believed to be an extension of the fence's anomalous properties.

SCP-5478-1, officially known as "The Markhaven Defence Force" (colloquially referred to as the "Boys in Blue"), are the law enforcement agency of SCP-5478, and are a common sight within. Random inspections and building searches are regarded as an everyday part of life in order to "rid" the community of suspected communists and undesirable community members. SCP-5478-1 are commonly seen patrolling streets in extensively modified Triumph TR7s, and are commonly equipped with military-grade weaponry. Inspection of these automobiles have revealed each has a stamp on its underside reading "The Factory." Members are armed with similarly branded weaponry purposefully constructed to resemble props from science fiction films.

Analysis of the water in the soil surrounding the area of SCP-5478 has revealed trace amounts of a chemical compound composed of several known and unknown materials. Known elements include water, arsenic, methylphenidate and lysergic acid diethylamide. Extended testing has shown this compound (henceforth SCP-5478-2) is capable of inducing a suggestive state within individuals who ingest it. The exact mechanisms of how SCP-5478-2 operates within the human body are presently unknown.

Uniquely powerful television broadcasts (henceforth SCP-5478-3) can be detected from SCP-5478 on a monthly basis. SCP-5478-3 broadcasts take the form of the radio talk show "Saul Inspiring!", hosted by Markhaven personality Saul Miller. SCP-5478-3 covers the history of Markhaven, capitalism, democracy, communism and the United States, with a heavy bias towards conservative/Republican policies, and in some cases, blatant misinformation. SCP-5478-3 contains several psychotropic memes which induce a state of suggestibility in viewers, though these can be removed with simple memetic filtering.

**Addendum No. 1:** Discovery Log

During a raid on a warehouse believed to be owned by GoI-627 ("The Factory"), ten disguised cargo trucks were recovered from the building's backrooms. A delivery order for supplies was discovered within one of the trucks indicating the destination was Markhaven, Indiana, a location that did not exist in any records or archives known to the Foundation.

An attempt was made by the Foundation to request geographical records from the United States government, but the request was personally denied by President Ronald Reagan without further clarification. The O5 Council authorized a secret probe to investigate the Reagan administration and geographical records to discover any information on the location of Markhaven.

Though recovered intel was limited, several major discoveries were made:

* An advisor to President Reagan and member of PENTAGRAM, Jeffrey Bateman, had funnelled thousands of dollars into an unspecified location within Indiana.

* Heavily censored financial records suggested former President James Carter had authorized a Central Intelligence Agency-ran program within an unspecified location in Indiana (believed to be codenamed "AEUTOPIA").

* Heavily censored Church Committee records stated explicitly that Markhaven was constructed for "AEUTOPIA".

* The location of Markhaven was discovered via searching of PENTAGRAM financial records.

Shortly after the location of Markhaven was confirmed, Nexus Control Team Gamma-2 ("Americana Division") was formulated from Site-42 and sent to investigate. From their findings, Markhaven was registered as SCP-5478, and its file was compiled shortly after. Further probes into discovering the nature of "AEUTOPIA" are pending approval.

**Addendum No. 2:** Anthropological Analysis

Residents follow a strict, socially conservative style of personal expression and day-to-day life. Citizens are expected to serve their community in a variety of ways, such as volunteer work, starting their own businesses, hosting and partaking in community-wide social events, and attending church. Most individuals within SCP-5478 profess conservative or conservative-adjacent political views; this is considered the norm, and dissidents are treated with suspicion.

Children within SCP-5478 are referred to as "Cherubs", and undergo heavy religious indoctrination at public schools. The possibility of deploying a spy within education facilities as a student is currently undergoing evaluation by the Ethics Committee.

Despite lacking recognition from all major intergovernmental organizations, SCP-5478 residents and the local government treat the community like an independent nation. SCP-5478 has a national pledge, which residents are required to perform at all major social and political events.

Most residential buildings constructed in SCP-5478 come with pre-installed television sets and radios. Both appliances operate on a twenty four hour continual basis, and are unable to be shut off; only the volume may be adjusted. The radio and television show *Saul Inspiring!* plays continuously; recorded snippets are included below. Attempts to damage these sets automatically alert law enforcement  through camera systems installed in each set.

<details>
<summary>+ Open attached file (</summary>

Remember, you make Markhaven special. You are the blood and the bones of our people, of our town.

The man who complains about being hungry should not concern you. He is to be ignored! Focus on filling your own belly.

Communism brings death.

St. Ronald blesses your Cherubs. Keep them close to you at all times.

We are watching. But remember, we are also watching as friends and neighbors.

Sharing and parasitism go hand in hand. Wring the bloodleech out, let the tick bleed-out its stolen gains.

Our blood spills white.

Eve left the Garden with Adam. Do not let that be you, and your husband. 

Heavy fallout reported. Stay indoors.

Markhaven lives.

Markhaven, a brave people, stand tall. Brothers of Markhaven, lead the fight. Break free from the claws of the red bear, break the jaws of the Black Panther! Markhaven, lead a life from grace!

Mothers, sisters, hold the homestead for when the soliders come home. Sisters of Markhaven, stay with your cherubs.

We bless St. Ronald, we bless God for many good days. Apostle Paul, heed our words, heed our words, God bless Markhaven, and the brothers within!

We will fight the enemy, armed with rifles from heaven. Our blood will shed, to preserve Markhaven, and the heroes that dwell within. We will not suffer defeat, blood spilt is our sacrifice.

Markhaven, a brave people, stand tall. Brothers of Markhaven, lead the fight.

Break free from the claws of the red bear, break the jaws of the Black Panther! Markhaven, lead a life from grace! Mothers, sisters, hold the homestead for when the soliders come home. Sisters of Markhaven, stay with your cherubs.

Markhaven, a brave people. St. Ronald bless you!

</details>

Markhaven's economy is primarily driven by manufacturing, commerce and sale of anomalous contraband materials, products and drugs. The community follows a *Laissez-faire* style of capitalist economics. Markhaven is individually home to numerous businesses, some masquerading as legitimate storefronts, while other places of commerce function as legal, non-anomalous companies. Markhaven does not recognize the American currency, and instead uses its own, informally referred to as the "Ronnie". ~~A table has been complied below of notable businesses operating in Markhaven.~~ ##b30000|The following table contains several dangerous viral psychotropic memes. It has been closed for memetic scrubbing.##

[# + Open attached table (Known businesses operating within Markhaven)]

In order to learn more about the community from a civilian's point of view and experience, Drs. Lewis and Hamilton recorded SCP-5478 residents to learn more about the community's culture.

<details>
<summary>+ Open Interview-5478-1</summary>

**Unidentified Officer:** Pardon me, Missus, but we need to see your identification papers. Just a routine check. No need to raise alarm, or anythin' of the sort. 

**Dr. Lewis:** Of course, officer, but may I ask why?

**Officer:** Well, I've never had someone ask me that before. You're new to Markhaven, aren't ya? It'd be best for you that during routine inspections such as these, you do not ask questions. Question making, that is somethin' folks here will take offense at. Questioning their judgement, like you know better then em'. 

*[Officer shifts paper back and forth in his hand.]* 

**Officer:** Lucille Finch. Nice name. If it's an American name. If it isn't, well, we'll have a problem, won't we?

**Dr. Lewis:** There's no need to worry. It's an American name. American raised, god-fearing folk.

**Officer:** We'll find out sooner or later, I can assure you that.  I trust you, but I'll let you know that we can't be too careful. Colored, the communists. They're everywhere nowadays. Sneaky bunch.

**Dr. Lewis:** So I've been told. I read the paper this morning, just awful what they've been up to. Hard to call them people, after you learn about what they did to Kennedy, what they did in Vietnam, the South...

**Officer:** You're right on the money. You from the south, Missus? You have a nice look to you. Southern Belle, sweetheart.

**Dr. Lewis:** Oh, you're too kind. And yes, I am from the south. Alabama, to be exact. 

**Officer:** Oh, Alabama. Goodness, they don't make places like that anymore. Places where children respect the Lord and their parents, none of that integration nonsense. Wallace! Good man, wasn't he? 

**Dr. Lewis:** Oh, certainly. Did us all a big favor. Hopefully we'll have a new Wallace, soon. In Indiana as well!

**Officer:** Well, then, little lady, you haven't met Raimis yet, then. Markhaven's own son, our own Wallace. St. Ronald's own. You'll meet him soon, I'm sure. Just count down on the days. 

**Dr. Lewis:** Seems like a nice gentleman.

**Officer:** Oh, aren't you right. Goodness, I haven't kept you too long I hope. Wouldn't want you to be late for your husband. That won't do. You keep safe out there. I know you're new, but if you... If you see *them* out there, you give us a call. You understand who I am talking about?

**Dr. Lewis:** I will, Officer, and I do.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open Interview-5478-2</summary>

**Dr. Lewis:** Hello, Doris. It's so good to see you again, thanks for coming to bridge last night. I know Andrew would have come if he could, but with his work in the factory-

**Mrs. Albertson:** Oh my goodness, there's no need to apologize. A good husband puts his work before matters outside of the office. He's doing his part, you know.

**Dr. Lewis:** Absolutely. All of us have a part. I've been meaning to look for at least something to do during the day, but I've been so kept up with unpacking, cleaning... I tell you, I had to have the game in the den, as that was the only place that didn't have cardboard and god knows what else strewn around everywhere.  And of course, sleep has been difficult...

**Mrs. Albertson:** Now, Lucille, I don't know what you've heard around at Alabama. You'd think that a good man like Wallace would tell you ladies otherwise, but you should know that your home is your office, not the other way around. Imagine if Andrew came home to a mess! He'd be plum angry, and frankly, I can't say I'd blame him. Being a housewife, housework- that doesn't mean be a drudge. Oh, I'm sorry, I got to talking and blabbing again, haven't I? What's this about difficulty sleeping? You know, there is a pill-

**Dr. Lewis:** Just been a lot now. You're right though, if I could handle both... But sleep has been difficult. I keep waking up, middle of the night in a cold sweat. I just see this... Dark figure ahead of me, and he tells me to stay were I am, that he loves me. It's like it's my father.

**Mrs. Albertson:** *[Laughs.]* Michael? Goodness, you really are in no place for two jobs if you're having difficulty with the Mayor's speeches! My goodness, you're a small town girl, aren't you? Michael's been doing our little town this service for as long as I can remember. Springvale, Burnsview, the mayors there don't do anything like Michael does. He takes time to watch over us. He's like a father to us all. Just give it some time, some thought. Welcome him into your heart. We all did, after all.

</details>

---

**Addendum No. 3:** Related Materials

<details>
<summary>RESTRICTED ACCESS: MARDUKE CLEARANCE REQUIRED</summary>

> [SCP-5078](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5078)

> 

> [PENDING]

</details>

---

<< [SCP-5477](SCP-5477) | SCP-5478 | [SCP-5479](SCP-5479) >>
