**SCP-5476** Anomalies in the custody of the SCP Foundation are referred to by a three or four digit number for organizational purposes. 

**Object Class:** Keter The class above Euclid. This means the anomaly in question is very difficult to contain, but not necessarily dangerous to human life or normalcy. 

**Special Containment Procedures:**  This section of the document describes how best to prevent the anomaly from threatening normalcy or human life. In the event that the anomaly is not a threat to normalcy or human life, this section describes how to prevent the anomaly from activating its anomalous effects.  Technobabble.aic  Artificially Intelligent Construct, an advanced computer program capable of replicating human behavior. The SCP Foundation uses AIC in many ways, including facility management and updating Foundation documents. has been assigned to reverse any edits made to the Foundation database A website dedicated to cataloguing the anomalous items in the custody of the SCP Foundation. This website can be accessed at [scp-wiki.wikidot.com](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/random:random-scp)  by SCP-5476 events. 

**Description:**  This section of the document describes the physical characteristics of the anomaly, as well as its anomalous effects.  SCP-5476 is an anomalous phenomenon in which pages in the SCP Foundation database are edited to include footnotes  Footnotes are small numbers or asterisks that, when moused over or followed to the bottom of the page, will show extra information on the subject. These notes are often used for additional context, or to add comments without breaking the flow of the document.  to clarify the meanings of various words. These edits are not made by any registered user and are able to bypass password-protected articles.  Such as [SCP-3125](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3125), which can only be accessed fully if the user enters the code 55555.  In some cases, SCP-5476 events have occurred in paper documents, replicating the ink used in the page. It is unknown if SCP-5476 events are caused by a sentient entity.  A being capable of rational thought and emotion, such as a human or anomalously modified AIC. 

**Discovery:**  This section of the document describes how the Foundation came to be aware of the anomaly.  The first SCP-5476 event occurred on 07/03/21  The seventh day of March in the year two thousand twenty-one, or the third day of July in the year two thousand twenty-one, depending on which country this document was written in.  during an incident with an experimental AIC. Junior Researcher  Low ranking, often new researchers for the SCP Foundation.  █████ ███████ Blackboxes are used to cover up sensitive information. In this case, the blackbox was used because Scott Wilkins requested to not have his name associated with the creation of a Keter anomaly.  developed Crystal.aic  Meant as a low effort pun on the term "crystal clear" and the human name Crystal.  for the purpose of teaching new staff members the meanings of complicated terms  Such as esoteric object classes and colour-based humanoid anomaly codes, which are very difficult for new and old Foundation staff to memorize.  used in official Foundation documents. During testing, the AIC attempted to define a memetic hazard  A complex image that, when viewed, causes an autonomous reaction in the viewer. These reactions can range from memory loss to death, and therefore are often used to defend sensitive information from those without proper clearance and memetic resistance. Some memetics can have varying effects on non-human observers. and immediately deactivated. Roughly an hour 60 minutes, 3600 seconds, 3600000 milliseconds, 3600000000 microseconds, or 3600000000000 nanoseconds.  later, the AIC came back online and completed its edits to the page, as well as numerous other unneeded Numerous new staff members struggle to understand the complex scientific language used by the SCP Foundation.  definitions. All files related to the AIC were deleted, and SCP-5476 events began to occur in other Foundation documents. 

<< [SCP-5475](SCP-5475) | SCP-5476 | [SCP-5477](SCP-5477) >>
