**Item #:** SCP-5726

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5726 is to be kept cryogenically frozen in a high-security chamber within Site-19. In the event that SCP-5726 regains consciousness, MTF-Rho-36 (“Breacher’s Pets”) is to subdue the anomaly with minimal force.

SCP-5726-1 is to be kept in storage at Site-19 under video supervision. Additionally, a GPS tracking device has been attached to SCP-5726-1.

**Description:** SCP-5726 is a sapient humanoid anomaly of unknown origins that strongly resembles and claims to be the fictional character Ichigo Nakamura from the "Sparkling Magical Girl ♥ Darling Pink!!" franchise. The character appears in both a 500 chapter Japanese graphic novel series targeted at children between the ages of 7 and 12, as well as an animated series comprised of 200 episodes that aired from March 7, 2002 to February 8, 2007. A summary of media compiled by Researcher Ito follows.

> “Sparkling Magical Girl ♥ Darling Pink!!" follows a fourteen-year-old middle school student named Ichigo Nakamura who leads a double life as Darling Pink, a magical heroine who has been tasked with ridding the world of the evil forces of Darkness. Nakamura encounters various antagonists who have been possessed by Darkness, including bullies at school, unfair teachers, and local gang members. After defeating them in combat, Nakamura is able to free them from possession and befriend them on her quest to save the world through the power of love.

SCP-5726 initially attracted Foundation scrutiny after a series of anomalous killings in Hida-Takayama came to the attention of undercover operatives affiliated with MTF Iota-10 (“Damn Feds”) within the Gifu Prefectural Police Department. The anomaly was subsequently apprehended by MTF Pi-1 (“City Slickers”) on 2018.08.09, shortly after the murder of three adolescent males; force was not required. One eyewitness, 12-year-old Japanese male, was administered Class-A amnestics following the incident.

Despite its external physical resemblance to a human adolescent female, SCP-5726’s biological makeup is only superficially analogous to that of a human. The subject lacks internal organs, blood, muscle tissue, and a central nervous system. Surgical analysis has indicated that SCP-5726’s body is made up of multiple layers of a skin-colored, flesh-like substance that rapidly heals upon incision. Despite this, SCP-5726 still requires food and water,It is unknown how SCP-5726 processes nutrients and produces waste due to its lack of organs. expresses pain, and is aware of basic human organs such as the stomach, brain, and heart SCP-5726 considers this the most important organ . 

SCP-5726 is able to generate pink explosive projectiles shaped like cartoon style hearts from SCP-5726-1, a scepter that it is able to summon to itself while conscious. These projectiles vary in size and produce an exaggerated pop sound when created, followed by a sparkling effect upon detonation. The explosions produced by these bubbles are able to liquefy human flesh and cause significant structural damage. 

**Addendum 5726.1:** **Initial Containment**

From 2018.08.09 to 2018.10.30, SCP-5726 was contained in a high-security humanoid containment cell with access to age-appropriate entertainmentNot including “Sparkling Magical Girl ♥ Darling Pink!!" and any related media. . Its primary point of contact was Senior Researcher Kanako Nishigawa-Jones. 

[[collapsible show="[+] Show SCP-5726 Initial Interview Log" hide="[–] Hide SCP-5726 Initial Interview Log"]]

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5726

> **Interviewing:** Senior Researcher Kanako Nishigawa-Jones

> **Forward:** Interview was conducted in Japanese. It was established during recovery that SCP-5726 reacted negatively to its assigned number; Team Leader Nishigawa-Jones made the executive decision to refer to SCP-5726 by its apparent given name for the sake of improving compliance.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** Hi, Ichigo. How are you finding the facilities thus far?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** *(looking somewhat uncomfortable)* Well, um... they're okay, I guess? I don't understand why I'm here. It's not like I've done anything bad.

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** Of course. Now, you can call me Kanako, if you prefer. I just have a few questions for you to answer. You were fighting with some people when Officer Bravo found you. Why was that?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Well, they... they were bullying this little kid. They wanted his money. One of them had a knife, and— I only just got here, but I couldn't just let it happen, you see?

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** Of course not. You were trying to be noble, is that right?

> 

> [SCP-5726 nods, frantically.]

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** What did you mean, when you said that you only just came here?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** I only just came to this world. It must have been for a reason, surely. Maybe someone tried to summon a great hero from another dimension. That's happened to me before, you know?Further investigation revealed that Chapter 212 of "Sparkling Magical Girl ♥ Darling Pink!!" involves a plotline where the protagonist is summoned to a dystopian alternate dimension where they do not exist.

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** I see. So what do you intend to do, in this world?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Well... I don't really know yet. What I always do, I guess. I'm a magical girl, you see. I'm supposed to purify bad guys.

> 

> [Nishigawa-Jones is silent. SCP-5726 clarifies]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Uh, that means that I hit them with the Pretty Purity Heart Bubbles, and it cures them of the darkness hiding inside them and making them bad. Then usually we become friends. Pretty cool, right?

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** That's very interesting. Yes.

> 

> [**Closing Note**: During the remainder of the interview time, SCP-5726 expressed a desire to leave containment and continue to "purify bad guys", which it considered its prime duty as "Darling Pink". A request was subsequently filed by Researcher Kanako Nishigawa-Jones to appease SCP-5726 by allowing it supervised interactions with D-Class personnel in possession of criminal records; this was approved.]

[[collapsible show="[+] Show SCP-5726 Security Footage 003" hide="[–] Hide SCP-5726 Security Footage 003"]]

> **Participants:** SCP-5726; D-8972

> **Supervisor:** Junior Researcher Benedict Kim

> **Forward:** The below footage is from SCP-5726's first supervised interaction with a D-Class Personnel. D-8972 was convicted in Australia of three counts of theft and the domestic abuse of his wife. SCP-5726 was informed of D-8972's criminal record by the supervising researcher. It should be noted that D-8972 did not speak Japanese, SCP-5726's primary language of communication.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Stop, in the name of love and justice!

> 

> **D-8972:** *(in English)* Sorry kid, I don't speak, uh, whatever you're speaking.

> 

> **SCP-5726:** It was wrong, for you to do something like that to an innocent lady, and to take things from shops without paying. 

> 

> [D-8972 turns away and knocks on the glass, attempting to attract Junior Researcher Kim's attention.]

> 

> **D-8972:** *(in English)* Hey, what the hell is this? I think you have the wrong guy, this kid doesn't speak English.

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Come on, pay *attention*— oh no. This is kind of hard. I've never fought a bad guy who doesn't speak Japanese before. Well... I guess it doesn't matter. The purification should fix him anyway.

> 

> **SCP-5726:** *(raising SCP-5726-1)* Pretty Pink Purity Hearts, go!

> 

> [A single, heart-shaped projectile explosive emerges from the tip of SCP-5726 with a pop, and floats towards D-8972. Upon hearing the sound, D-8972 turns around as the projectile makes contact with his face and detonates. The resulting explosion causes his head to explode; his decapitated body slumps to the ground. Blood spurts from the stump of his neck.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** It's all spurting out of him... gross. There's so much of it. Hey, how do you feel?

> 

> [D-8972's corpse does not respond. SCP-5726 approaches the corpse and nudges it with its foot. In the observation booth, Researcher Kim can be seen retching.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** I don't understand... is it not all gone? Pretty Pink Purity Hearts!

>

> [Five more projectile explosives emerge from SCP-5726-1 and land on D-8972's unmoving body, where they detonate, reducing D-8972's body to a mixture of viscous red liquid and scraps of bone. SCP-5726 is unaffected by the resulting explosion. It bends down and dips its finger in the liquid, and then tastes it.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Salty. The Darkness sure is weird, in this world. I hope he comes back soon.

[[collapsible show="[+] Show SCP-5726 Interview Log 037" hide="[–] Hide SCP-5726 Interview Log 037"]]

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5726

> **Interviewing:** Senior Researcher Kanako Nishigawa-Jones; Junior Researcher Benedict Kim

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** Do you understand death, SCP-5726?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** No. What does that word mean?

> 

>  **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** Killing is the act of causing death, especially deliberately. I know that you don't mean to hurt the D-Class personnel, but the things that come out of them are blood and sometimes their organs, all of which are necessary for sustaining human life.

> 

> [SCP-5726 looks at Researcher Nishigawa-Jones with clear incomprehension.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** I'm sorry, Researcher Kanako. Can you speak Japanese, please? I don't understand other languages.

> 

> **Researcher Kim:** *(To Nishigawa-Jones, in English)* What is it saying?

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** *(In English)* It doesn't understand the concept of death. Maybe it just can't. It's like it's brain just isn't programmed to get it.

> 

> [SCP-5726 looks between Researcher Nishigawa Jones and Researcher Kim, apparently trying to follow the conversation.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Is something wrong?

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** No, nothing's wrong.

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Okay. Well... if it's not too much trouble, I did have a question, Researcher Kanako... Aren’t there... any other girls my age, around here? I’m so bored of purifying people. And I don’t understand how I’m supposed to be Darling Pink without any friends. I— I mean, I don’t mean to offend you, Researcher Kanako, because you’ve been so very kind to me. But it’s just that...

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** I understand, SCP-5726. You haven’t offended me at all. I am a researcher, and there are certain limitations to my position. And I’m quite a bit older than you. It's natural for you not to think of us as friends. But... I'm sorry. I wish I could help, but I don't think something like that would be approved. 

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Why not?

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** It's complicated. I'm very sorry.

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Everything’s so complicated here. Everything made so much more sense, back home.

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** Can you elaborate on that?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** I just mean... I don't know. Purifying people here is fun but it's so easy. None of them try to fight back, they just run. And it's cool to see the darkness like, you know, physically coming out of them, 'cause it's not strong enough to do that back home so I really feel like I'm doing something here, you know? But they don't come back afterward. Why don't they come back?

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** Where do you think they're going, SCP-5726?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** What?

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** Have you considered the fact that they might not come back at all?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** I... I don't understand. That's wrong, Researcher Kanako. They're all going to come back eventually. That's how it works.

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** I see. Thank you for your time, SCP-5726.

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Could I ask you a favor, Researcher Kanako?

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** What is it?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Well, it's just that... I can't remember all those numbers... and I like you and think we're friends, so could you just call me Ichigo? 

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** Of course, Ichigo.

> 

> [**Closing Note:** Researcher Nishigawa-Jones considered SCP-5726's acknowledgment that its victims did not "come back" after purification to be a breakthrough, though no further progress was made during this interview.]

[[collapsible show="[+] Show emails exchanged between B. Kim and K. Nishigawa-Jones" hide="[–] Show emails exchanged between B. Kim and K. Nishigawa-Jones"]]

> **From:** **BKim092@Scipnet** (Junior Researcher Benedict Kim)

> **To:** **KNishigawaJones001@Scipnet** (Senior Researcher Kanako Nishigawa-Jones)

> **Subject:** SCP-5726's containment procedures

> **Date:** 10/11/2018

> ~~-~~-

> Senior Researcher Nishigawa-Jones--

> 

> I am a bit concerned in regards to SCP-5726's moral compass. It has a very black and white sense of justice; one that can only come from an infantile understanding of good and evil. The fact that SCP-5726 fails to comprehend these complexities despite various attempts at teaching it otherwise is worrying.

> 

> What if it one day decides that we are the bad guys? You saw what it did to that poor D-class. Sure, he was a scumbag, but he didn't deserve to be liquefied. I fear that the longer SCP-5726 stays under Foundation control, the higher chances there are of it seeing something which could convince it to oppose us. It is, for this reason, I would like to propose a change in its Special Containment Procedures. 

> 

> Its unique anatomy poses some challenges for determining the safest possible method of containment. In particular, continuous deep sedation seems to be out due to SCP-5726's lack of a circulatory system. However, tests are revealing that it can survive extreme cold without external aid by entering a sort of "hibernation" — cryo-conservation seems like a potentially good option. What do you think?

> 

> Regards, Junior Researcher Benedict Kim.

> **From:** **KNishigawaJones001@Scipnet** (Senior Researcher Kanako Nishigawa-Jones)

> **To:** **BKim092@Scipnet** (Junior Researcher Benedict Kim)

> **Subject:** Re: SCP-5726's containment procedures

> **Date:** 10/11/2018

> 

> Benedict--

> 

> I don't think there's much harm in giving Ichigo a chance. Yes, she exhibits violent behavior towards D-Class personnel, but the fact that she doesn't understand what it's doing is a good sign, not a bad one. She's only ever harmed individuals that she knows to be "bad guys". And she's convinced that we're the good guys.

> 

> I'm aware that she is not the same as a normal child, but she certainly behaves like one. Perhaps she can be taught to do better, with proper guidance. She certainly seems to *want* to be good. She's not malicious. Just confused. And we're making progress. It's slow-going, but it's happening.

> 

> Let's observe her for a little longer before doing anything rash. Go ahead and keep researching cryonics for now, but I'm reluctant to take the nuclear option before we absolutely have to.

> 

> Best wishes, Kanako.

> **From:** **BKim092@Scipnet** (Junior Researcher Benedict Kim)

> **To:** **KNishigawaJones001@Scipnet** (Senior Researcher Kanako Nishigawa-Jones)

> **Subject:** SCP-5726's containment procedures

> **Date:** 10/11/2018

> ~~-~~-

> Senior Researcher Nishigawa-Jones--

> 

> Forgive me if this is out of line, but I fear you are becoming too attached to SCP-5726. Perhaps we should seek a third party's opinion?

> 

> Regards, Junior Researcher Benedict Kim.

> **From:** **KNishigawaJones001@Scipnet** (Senior Researcher Kanako Nishigawa-Jones)

> **To:** **BKim092@Scipnet** (Junior Researcher Benedict Kim)

> **Subject:** Re: SCP-5726's containment procedures

> **Date:** 10/11/2018

> 

> Benedict--

> 

> Nonsense. SCP-5726 is a little girl and the cold and sterile environment of the Foundation isn't good for growing children. I don't think a little humanity ever hurt the Foundation in its dealings with humanoids. 

> 

> Best wishes, Kanako.

[[collapsible show="[+] Show Incident 5726-01 (SCP-5726 Interview Log 049)" hide="[–] Hide Incident 5726-01 (SCP-5726 Interview Log 049)"]]

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5726

> **Interviewing:** Senior Researcher Kanako Nishigawa-Jones; Junior Researcher Benedict Kim

> **Forward:** The excerpted section of Interview Log 049 is designated Incident 5726-01. Though SCP-5726's containment was ultimately not breached, the unexpected death of a researcher exposed critical weaknesses in SCP-5726's containment procedures.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** *(shuffling her notes)* Very good, SCP-5726. I'm pleased with your progress. That brings us to the end of our— oh!

> 

> [Nishigawa-Jones has a paper cut. A small quantity of blood is visible from the wound.]

> 

> **Researcher Kim:** *(In English)* Are you alright?

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** *(In English)* Yes, just fine. A paper cut.

> 

> [SCP-5726 stares at Researcher Nishigawa-Jones. It has gone very pale. It reaches out to touch Nishigawa-Jones' bleeding finger, but stops just short of physical contact.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** No. No, it can’t be. 

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** What’s wrong?

> 

> [SCP-5726 stands up. The SCP-5726-1 scepter appears in its hand. In the distance, alarm bells begin to ring, as the teleportation of SCP-5726-1 has triggered an emergency alert for MTF-Rho-36 (“Breacher’s Pets”). Researcher Kim stands up and begins to back away slowly. SCP-5726 does not react to this. It is focused on Researcher Nishigawa-Jones, who has not yet moved.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** You? All this time, you were— even though you were so kind to me? The darkness in this world... it really is powerful. I hate this place.

> 

> **Researcher Nishigawa-Jones:** *(paling)* Don't— SCP-5726— Ichigo, please don't—

> 

> **SCP-5726:** It's okay, Researcher Kanako. I'll purify you, and then we'll be friends for real. Do your best to come back soon, okay?

>  

> [Researcher Nishigawa-Jones turns and sprints for the door.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** *(raising SCP-5726-1)* Pretty Pink Purity Hearts!

> 

> [Three pink projectile explosives erupt from SCP-5726-1 with their characteristic pop. They make impact with the fleeing Researcher Nishigawa-Jones' back. The resulting explosion liquefies most of Researcher Nishigawa-Jones' body and destroys the door frame. Blood coats the walls and floor of the meeting room, as well as SCP-5726 and Researcher Benedict Kim, who has assumed the fetal position on the other side of the room. There is a long pause.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:**  Researcher Kim, are you alright? Researcher Kanako, she was corrupted, but— oh, come on now Researcher Kim! Don't be afraid, the Darkness is gone!

> 

> [Researcher Kim, who does not speak Japanese, lifts his head and makes eye contact. He does not attempt communication.]

> 

>  **SCP-5726:** Why are you looking at me like that? She's coming back! 

> 

> [MTF-Rho-36 (“Breacher’s Pets”) arrive and knock open the containment chamber door. They apprehend SCP-5726, who does not resist.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Researcher Kanako's coming back any minute now! They always do!

> 

> [The MTF agents begin dragging SCP-5726 towards a cage bed which has been brought into the chamber.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Researcher Kim... 

> 

> [Closing Note: SCP-5726 was placed within the cage bed and became unresponsive for 12 hours.]

Subsequent to Incident 5726-01, an emergency joint meeting was subsequently held by the Ethics Committee and Containment Resources Committee in order to dictate the immediate future of SCP-5726's containment. Though SCP-5726's psychological welfare had improved significantly under the guidance of Senior Researcher Nishigawa-Jones, it was determined that SCP-5726’s unpredictable reactions made its continued consciousness an untenable long-term solution. 

**Addendum 5726.2:** **Shift to Current Containment Procedures**

On 2019.02.21, an attempt was made to permanently place SCP-5726 in cryogenic storage. Junior Researcher Benedict Kim was selected to replace Senior Researcher Kanako Nishigawa-Jones as SCP-5726's primary point of contact, and was instructed to persuade SCP-5726 to willingly enter the previously prepared cryostasis chamber. The following is an excerpt from Security Log 5726-302.

> **Participant:** SCP-5726

> **Supervisor:** Junior Researcher Benedict Kim

> **Forward:** Due to his inability to speak Japanese, Researcher Kim was provided with an instant translation module in order to facilitate communications. SCP-5726 had previously been informed that the cryostasis chamber was a new scientific innovation that had been crafted to amplify its powers and improve its ability to purify darkness. The following excerpt is taken from 23 minutes 34 seconds after SCP-5726 has entered the cryostasis chamber.

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> [SCP-5726 is lying in the cryostasis chamber. It is cold enough inside that its breaths are visible. Frost is beginning to form around its mouth and nose.]

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** How are you feeling?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** It's cold in here. And... small. It feels like the walls are closing in on me.

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** Are you afraid of small places?

> 

> **SCP-5726:** No, of course not! Heroines aren't afraid of anything.

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** That's good. I'm sure that they aren't. But if you were afraid, you could close your eyes. That way, you wouldn't be able to see the walls.

> 

> [After a moment's hesitation, SCP-5726 closes its eyes.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** I'm not afraid. Just... resting my eyes for a little.

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** Of course. You had a difficult day yesterday. You should take a nap while the process finishes.

> 

> **SCP-5726:** You won't leave while I'm not looking, right? Don't go anywhere. Just... stay here.

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** I'll stay. For as long as you need. I will do what is necessary.

> 

> [SCP-5726 and Researcher Kim are silent for 30 seconds.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Researcher Kim... I think I know what death is now.

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** Oh? 

> 

> **SCP-5726:** It's what I did to Researcher Kanako. She's not coming back, is she?

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** No.

> 

> **SCP-5726:** Death is something only the darkness would do.

> 

> [SCP-5726 begins visibly trembling.]

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** Maybe where you came from. Here, it's just part of life.

> 

> **SCP-5726:** The darkness here is strong... but I can't be defeated. When this is d-done, I'm going to beat the d-darkness and make sure no one d-dies again.

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** Didn't we say you were going to nap?

> 

> [SCP-5726 and Researcher Kim are silent for fifty seconds.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** It's c-cold in here.

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** I know.

> 

> [SCP-5726 and Researcher Kim are silent for fifty-eight seconds.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** R-researcher K-kim?

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** Yes?

> 

> [SCP-5726 is silent for fifteen seconds.]

> 

> **SCP-5726:** I'm s-sorry f-for k-...

> 

> [SCP-5726 becomes unresponsive.]

> 

> **Junior Researcher Benedict Kim:** Rest now, Ichigo. Everything will be okay. 

>  

> **<END LOG>**

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

~~~~~

<< [SCP-5725](SCP-5725) | SCP-5726 | [SCP-5727](SCP-5727) >>

=====

> **Filename:** anime-title.png

> **Name:** Anime Title

> **Author:** , 

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** N/A

=====
