@@ @@

**SCP-5409 "Unpacified" by:** 

### [★ DrAkimoto's Author Page ★](http://www.scp-wiki.net/drakimoto-s-author-page)

**Crit Credit:** , , , , , , , , , 

#### ****Special Containment Procedures****

SCP-5409 is contained within Botanical Containment Field-3 at Site-51. The standard water and fertilizer allotment required for its species will be administered to SCP-5409 via automated systems that are maintained by on-site Botanical Specialists.

#### ****Description****

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=3

|speed=400

|url=pac.jpeg

|add-caption=true

|caption=An SCP-5409-1 instance.

|width=140px

|align=right]]

SCP-5409 is a sweet birch tree (*Betula lenta*) with a total of 200 abnormal growths resembling pacifiers (designatated SCP-5409-1). SCP-5409-1 instances have the physical appearance and texture of hard plastic and rubber, but are composed of a previously unknown organic polymer. The faux-rubber "nipple" on each SCP-5409-1 instance is filled with a liquid compound consisting of sap, water, fat, proteins, and lactose. Growth analysis indicates that all 200 SCP-5409-1 instances grew over an estimated 24-hour period during September or October of 2012.

#### ****Discovery****

SCP-5409 was discovered on 2013/04/20, by a hiker on the Big Heat Trail in South Mills, Arkansas. The hiker posted detailed pictures of SCP-5409 and a video of himself picking and dissecting an SCP-5409-1 instance to his Facebook account, which were subsequently flagged and removed by WebCrawler 0/FB-44. Assets within the Arkansas State Police were able to verify the anomalous nature of SCP-5409, and cordoned off the area until Foundation personnel could arrive.

A Foundation botanical containment team was dispatched to exhume and transport SCP-5409 to Site-51. During this process, the skeletal remains of a one to seven day old infant male was found entangled in the roots of SCP-5409. The degraded remains of a wicker basket and cotton sheet were also recovered from the roots. A small non-organic pacifier matching the physical appearance of SCP-5409-1 was discovered near the remains.

A small envelope was located in the wicker basket; though the index card within was degraded, the following hand-written message was deciphered through analysis:

> I'm sorry, I'm just not ready.

> 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-5408](SCP-5408) | SCP-5409 | [SCP-5410](SCP-5410) >>

=====

> **Filename:** pac.jpg

> **Author:** RuggyBearLA

> **License:** CC BY 2.0 

> **Source Link:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/21874566@N07/3393862615)

=====
