**Item #:** SCP-5329

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The Foundation is to spread a misinformation campaign claiming the water produced by SCP-5329 is contaminated by toxic substances, and an undercover Agent is to remain placed near the location to prevent civilians from consuming it. The use of SCP-5329 is only allowed for testing by authorized personnel, and civilians who accidentally consume SCP-5329's water are to be administered amnestics.

**Description:** SCP-5329 is a water spout located near the city of Southampton, England. Once consumed by a human, the water produced by SCP-5329 will make the individual unable to lie within the following thirty minutes. This effect will only take place if the consumer drinks or collects the water produced by SCP-5329 before it falls into the puddle located below the spout, as upon mixing with different liquid substances (including non-anomalous water), it loses its anomalous properties.

Besides the aforementioned effect, no other anomalous properties were observed regarding SCP-5329 and the water it produces. Currently, the Foundation has stored approximately 1000 liters of SCP-5329's water within Site-73.

**Discovery:** SCP-5329 came to the Foundation's attention when the number of verbal and physical conflicts between civilians with previously close relationships  Including conflicts between close relatives.  began to increase unusually within the region around the middle of 2018, to the point of local media starting to publish and broadcast content related to it.

Due to that, on September 15th of said year, 2 investigational teams composed of four Agents each were sent to the city to investigate the cause behind the anomalous behavior of the population. After 3 weeks of fruitless efforts, on October 6th, the group composed of Agents Edward Freed, Jason Cornell, Joseph Hemming, and their leader, John Collins accidentally found SCP-5329.

<details>
<summary>+ Audio Log 5329-006</summary>

The following is a transcript of part of the recorded conversation between Agents John Collins and Edward Freed on the day of SCP-5329's discovery.

> **Agent John:** Well, let’s go back to the hotel. It’s kinda late already and Jason and Joseph already returned.  Tomorrow we will be back here by 6 a.m.

> 

> **Agent Edward:** Yeah, sure, although I’d rather be working with Kurt’s group, as they usually wake up at 8 a.m. instead of 6.

> 

> **Agent John:** Huh? You’re not the type of guy who complains about such things, Edward. You alright, man?

> 

> **Agent Edward:** Would be better doing something actually useful rather than wasting my time here, to be honest. This mission is incredibly boring, and I don’t even like you guys that much. I feel like this is a complete waste of time.

> 

> **Agent John:** Eh... what? You never acted like this, man. You’re always motivated and even friendly with most people, so I'm not getting why you’re saying these things right now. Did something specific make you upset recently?

>  

> **Agent Edward:** Nothing specific, but yeah, I definitely have been upset for a while. I feel like life itself has been just extremely exhaustive and pointless to me. What I truly want is just to return to my family and just live a simple life with them, and not have to worry about anomalous things that can kill me instantly and all that shit. But here I am instead, searching for something that I am not even sure if it even exists or not, and I don't even know what it's supposed to be!

> 

> Moreover, I am forced to work with some people I would never even talk to if I had a choice, and have to risk my own life for them sometimes. But the worst thing is that I need to pretend that I respect people like the O5 Council, people who think they are gods or something, and never think twice before sending people to death or using them as guinea pigs. We actually don't even know who they truly are... I wish I could punch each one of them in the face at least once!

>   

> **Agent John:** Edward, there is definitely something wrong with you... That’s the only explanation I can think of because we have been working together for more than 4 years, and you've never said anything like that before. I will just pretend that I didn’t hear anything you just said. Yeah, that’s for the better... Do you remember what you have done within the last hour while I was investigating the other side of the area?

>  

> **Agent Edward:** Nothing much really. I was just pretending to be doing something here while you were gone. I was just sitting over there thinking about life. Honestly, the only thing I did was drink a bit of water from a small spout I found about 20 minutes ago.

>  

> **Agent John:** Hmm, I see... Well, I believe we *finally* have found something promising to investigate here. Like it or not, you are a good and useful Agent, Edward.

> 

> //Agent John Collins then contacted the Foundation and reported the situation. When personnel reached the location approximately 1 hour later, Agent Edward was already back to his normal state, although he seemed highly ashamed of his earlier statements, saying: "I don't know what was wrong with me. John, I'm really sorry..." As Agent John replied: It's okay, Edward. It wasn't your fault, also you're the one who found the anomaly! Just cheer up, guy, we're still friends!"

>              

> The 2 investigational teams were then dismissed. Further investigations and testing with Class-D personnel confirmed the anomalous properties of SCP-5329, and it was successfully contained without further incidents.//

</details>

**Addendum 1:** After a careful examination of SCP-5329 two days after its discovery, a small but still visible text was found carved on a stone next to it. The message says: *"For those who seek for a better, more honest world. Water purified by members of [The Truth Shall Prevail](http:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/interview-with-a-ttsp-member)."// Investigations regarding this group are still ongoing.   

 

**Addendum 2:**  The possibility of SCP-5329's water being used by the Foundation in specific cases in order to get pieces of information from Groups and/or Persons of Interest is being considered, however, its use on individuals for other purposes is currently prohibited to avoid meaningless violation of mental privacy. 

**Addendum 3:** Agent Edward later apologized to the O5 Council via his superiors for his statements while under the effects of SCP-5329’s water, and on 04/03/2019, requested his own retirement, stating: *“I can’t continue working for the Foundation after the things I’ve said. If that’s what my inner self truly feels like, I probably should just leave. Thanks for everything, guys, and despite what I said, I had a bunch of fun moments here. I will really miss working with you, John!”*

                                                               

Edward's request was granted, and he no longer works for the Foundation. John Collins was considerably impacted by his companion's decision and is currently assigned to SCP-5329's containment, preventing civilians from consuming SCP-5329's water, as requested by himself.

<< [SCP-5328](SCP-5328) | SCP-5329 | [SCP-5330](SCP-5330) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Waterspout

> **Name:** Mill Spout

> **Author:** Eric Oak

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://flickr.com/photos/ericoak/15447200878)

=====
