> O5-13, you have one (1) Overseer vote that requires your attention. 

**Item #:** SCP-5887

**Anomaly Class:** Safe 

<details>
<summary>Display Archived Containment Procedures</summary>

SCP-5887 is to be kept in a high security vault at Area-57. Under no circumstances is SCP-5887 to be activated at any point in time. 

</details>

**Updated Containment Procedures:** SCP-5887 has been relocated to a highly secure vault at Site-29's High-Value Item Wing. Following the Overseer memorandum.. 

**Description:** SCP-5887 is a handheld device created by the SCP Foundation. When activated, SCP-5887 manifests a two-dimensional ellipsoid Rift measuring approximately 10 meters in diameter. Any living or non-living organism that enters the two-dimensional Rifts will be transported to SCP-5887-1. SCP-5887-1 refers to an alternate version of Earth following the conclusion of an unknown K-Class scenario.

SCP-5887-1 is populated by large reptilian entities (designated SCP-5887-2). Instances of SCP-5887-2 are blind but have acute hearing and exhibit serrated appendages growing from their spines; the entities react with hostility against any other organisms they encounter.

Atmospheric samples taken from drones during Exploration Log 5887.01 indicate hazardous concentrations of ionizing radiation. The origins of these hazards are theorized to be ejected from the onset of critical power failures within nuclear plants, mainly attributing to severe structural damage caused by SCP-5887-2. Due to this, the surrounding wildlife had rapidly undergone biological mutations.

**History:** SCP-5887 was created by the SCP Foundation as a prototype of Project "WORLDS COLLIDE". In summary, the project aimed to formulate and develop means of immediately translocating human civilization to a secure, and inhabitable planetary body in the event of an XK-Class "End of the World" scenario. 

> O5-13, you have one(1) Overseer vote that requires your attention. 

@@ @@

**Update:** Following the result of an Apollyon-Class containment breach of SCP-4485, personnel at Area-57 began researching, and developing methods to improve the containment of SCP-4485, and HANSARP. These include:

* Methods of immunization of SCP-4485.

* Arial drones designed to scan, and report HANSARP artefacts to Foundation personnel.

* Usage of soundproof communication equipment to prevent getting affected by SCP-4485-B instances via verbal communication.

* Requesting, and obtaining assistance from the Global Occult Coalition, and European governments. 

* Initiate a full lockdown of civilian activity, and establishing perimeters. 

* Utilizing Foundation agents who are immune to SCP-4485 effects to commence insider investigations within HANSARP, and leak information to Foundation personnel As of writing, a total of 19 Agents are classified as M.I.A. .

Despite these efforts, SCP-4485 is still beyond the containment of the Foundation. As time progressed, the total number of personnel within Area-57 dwindled due to SCP-4485 infections or HANSARP, currently sitting at a total of 3 Foundation staff, and 1 D-Class. 

On 17/4/2020, Site Director Madison Ashford of Site-77 received a message from Agent Diana Wilson. 

 

HANSARP is planning an attack on Site-77. Based on the laughable amount of sites we lost in Europe, it shouldn't come off as a surprise that HANSARP has access to a large number of Foundation military equipment. To those who are within Site-77; be ready. They have not announced their attack yet, but when they do, I will immediately notify all personnel. I will do whatever I can to sabotage their equipment. 

One last thing: HANSARP is also interrogating their members because they suspect one of them is a spy who is leaking information to the Foundation. What makes them suspect that?

Containment Teams raiding their sites. HANSARP shit getting found in hidden areas. Members found and detained. They find it suspicious that the Foundation miraculously found out about those things. They don't suspect me yet, but if they do... Well, you know the ending.

Be safe, guys. The Foundation needs all the hands it can get.

@@ @@

> O5-13, you have one(1) Overseer vote that requires your attention. 

On 18/4/2020, all Foundation personnel in the European region received a memorandum from the O5 Council.

 

My friends,

As you may know, HANSARP is under full control of Europe. The magnitude of this disruption has increased each day. Failing to contain an anomaly is an utter embarrassment of the Foundation. 

This is why we are declaring an immediate retreat of all European-based facilities. We have decided the containment procedures of SCP-4485 are to be re-written, as personnel assisting in the containment of SCP-4485 will find in an attached document you will have received in a separate memorandum.

---

**Revised Containment Procedures:** Foundation and GOC transport helicopters are en route to Site-77 for evacuation with attack helicopters for assistance. All personnel located outside of Site-77 are to head to the said location immediately. Transport helicopters will arrive at approximately 15:40 with a 30-minute window for entering said transport helicopters. Once the 30-minute window has ceased, all transport helicopters will exit the European nations, and arrive at the nearest airport, or Foundation facilities. No further evacuation attempts will be made. 

Personnel in the American, Russian, and Chinese branches of the Foundation with assistance from governments are to establish a containment zone around all European nations. Any human or anomaly witnessed escaping the containment zone is to be neutralized. All SCiPnet and World Wide Web access within Europe have been blocked.

Containment efforts of anomalies within Europe are to be abandoned and reclassified as Kušum A classification which denotes an anomaly's containment being indefinitely suspended. , with the sole exception of SCPs capable of initiating K-Class scenarios. These anomalies are to be transported to an alternate site.

The Foundation is experiencing an LV-Class "Lifted Veil" scenario. Despite this, no attempts to heed the scenario in question are necessary. 

With regards,

O5-O1

During evacuation preparations, personnel received the following message from Agent Diana Wilson.

 

hansarp knows about the evacuation. their not waiting any longer, they're sending everything they have on there. get to 77 as soon as possible. 

Following the retrieval of the message, personnel at Site-77 began immediate preparations for the ensuing attack, now referred to as "Operation Crumbling Shield". The total number of casualties during "Operation Crumbling Shield" is estimated to be 350 Foundation personnel and 290 HANSARP members. 

> O5-13, you have one(1) Overseer vote that requires your attention. 

While Area-57 personnel were en route to Site-77, a communication log was taken between Director Madison Ashford and Co-Pilot Hoffman Schneider.

 

BEGIN LOG

---

**Madison:** This is Madison Ashford, Director of Site-77. We're under fire from HANSARP. Where the hell are those choppers?

**Hoffman:** Director Madison this is Co-Pilot Hoffman from SCPF flight-102. We're currently on our way. ETA 15 minutes. 

**Madison:** 15 minutes is too long.

**Hoffman:** I apologize, but that's the earliest we can get.

**Madison:** Fine, but when you arrive we get in those choppers, and get out. No waiting for anyone.

**Hoffman:** But the Overseers-

**Hoffman:** Forget the Overseers, what about us, we need to lea-

*Director Madison is then cut off by the sound of an explosion*

**Hoffman:** Madison? Madison? Shit.

---

END LOG

At 15:39, Area-57 personnel arrived at Site-77. Below contains a log detailing the event taken from Commander Emma's video camera during "Operation Crumbling Shield". 

BEGIN LOG

---

*Footage captures D-4485, Evan, and Emma in a vehicle. Leon Becker is the driver of the vehicle in question*

**Emma:** Alright, we're almost at Site-77, but we got company. 

**Leon:** What do we do? Does anyone have a plan?

**Emma:** Here's the plan: We go in, get to the roof, survive, we get out.

**D-4485:** That's the plan?

**Emma:** Yeah? Like, what else were you expecting?

**D-4485:** Well, something more detailed than that.

**Emma:** We don't have much time to come up with a more detailed plan. Besides, it's safe to assume other people have the same idea.

**Evan:** This.

**D-4485:** *sighs* Fine. 

*Commander Emma hands D-4485 an M4A1*

**D-4485:** Uh...

**Emma:** You know how to use it?

**D-4485:** Yeah, I do.

*Vehicle arrives at Site-77. All individuals exit the vehicle and proceeds inside the site in question. Footage captures Foundation Operatives and Researchers fending off against the attack. Gunfire and detonations can be seen and heard*

**Researcher 1:** Shit, I'm out!

**Researcher 2:** Here, take my mag!

*Researcher 2 throws researcher 1 an M4A1 NATO magazine. Researcher 1 reloads his rifle*

**Researcher 1:** Tha-

*Researcher 1 is then shot to the forehead. This causes Researcher 2 to panic*

**Researcher 2:** Simon?! Simon!

*Researcher 2 is enraged and begins to fire back at HANSARP, only to be killed shortly after*

**D-4485:** At least he's with Simon now.

**Leon:** D-Class, focus. We need to find the stairwell to the roof.

**D-4485:** Where is it? 

**Evan:** It's over there near the labs! 

**D-4485:** Got it! 

*Evan, Leon, Emma, and D-4485 approach and climbs up the stairwell until they reach floor level 2 as Evan notices an injured Foundation Operative lying on the floor with gunshot wounds to the left leg, and waist*

**Emma:** What are you doing?

**Evan:** I- I can't just leave him here. I gotta take him with us.

**Emma:** We don't have time for that, we gotta get up now!

**Evan:** I am not leaving him behind. If this was you, Emma, would you let me leave you behind?

*There is silence for a few seconds*

**Emma:** Make it quick.

**D-4485:** I'll help you out.

*As Evan and D-4485 enter the room where the injured Operative is located, a large explosion is created between the 4 individuals. Emma slowly gets up from the explosion, and witnesses a large hole between the 4*

**Leon:** Are you guys alright?

**D-4485:** No, that shit flew me to the wall!

**Emma:** I told you it was a bad idea!

**Evan:** I didn't know this shit would happen!

**Leon:** Guys, stop bitching. We need to leave immediately, I can hear those choppers right now.

*Sounds of gun and missile fire from attack helicopters can be heard in the background*

**D-4485:** Can we jump across?

**Leon:** I- I think we can try.

*Leon grabs onto a stairway handle and extends his arm towards D-4485 as he prepares to jump. Just before it is attempted, Leon's hand gets shot, and he stumbles back onto the stairs*

**Leon:** Fuck!

*Emma grabs onto Leon to prevent him from falling into the hole*

**Emma:** You alright?

**Leon:** No, I just got shot!

**D-4485:** What now?

**Emma:** You two find another way to the roof. Leon and I will meet you up there.

**Evan:** We'll try!

*Emma then assists Leon in climbing up the stairs*

**Leon:** I can walk, yanno.

**Emma:** Thought you needed help. 

**Leon:** I don't need any help, I just... wanna get out of this here. 

**Emma:** I know, just hang on. You still got 5887?

**Leon:** I do. 

*Emma and Leon make their way to the rooftop of Site-77. Footage captures transport helicopters preparing for transport, military Operatives and Attack Helicopters opening fire on HANSARP.  One of the Operatives approaches Leon and Emma*

**Operative 1:** Good, you're here. Get in those choppers, now. 

*3 seconds later, one of the Attack Helicopters is hit by an anti-aircraft missile, and is hit behind its wing before it spirals, and crashes towards Site-77's Containment Wing C*

**Emma:** Holy shit! 

**Operative 1:** I said get in there now! 

*Emma and Leon then enter the transport helicopter. They are surrounded by tens of Foundation personnel*

**Researcher 4:** Can't we go now?! 

**Operative 2:** Not until the 30-minute window is over. 

**Researcher 4:** For fucks sake, it's a warzone out here! Can't we leave? 

**Operative 2:** Fine, make it 5 minutes then. 

**Researcher 4:** I hate the Foundation sometimes. 

*5 minutes pass as more personnel enters the transport helicopters. Just before they're ready to take off, Evan and D-4485 are seen approaching the transport helicopters*

**Evan:** Wait! Wait for us! 

**Emma:** (To herself) Holy shit. (To the pilots)  Hang on a second, we got 2 more coming! 

**Pilot 1:** *sighs* They better be quick, we're already leaving. 

*D-4485 and Evan enter the transport helicopter where Emma and Leon are located before it takes off*

**Leon:** You guys okay? 

**D-4485:** Could've been better. 

**Emma:** Where's your friend? 

**D-4485:** We... We-

**Evan:** We left him behind. He was a lost cause.  

**Leon:** ... Shit. 

**Evan:** You were right, Emma. I should've left him behind. 

---

END LOG

@@ @@

---

= **[END OF FILE]**

---

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

<details>
<summary>O5-13, You have one(1) Overseer vote that requires your attention.</summary>

= **O5 COUNCIL PROPOSAL 4485-29**

PROPOSAL:

@@     @@"Initiate nuclear bombardment of European region to cease the activity of HANSARP, and SCP-4485." 

= COUNCIL VOTE SUMMARY:

| YES | NO | ABSTAIN |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O5-01 | O5-06 | O5-11 |
| O5-02 | O5-07 | O5-12 |
| O5-03 | O5-08 |  |
| O5-04 | O5-09 |  |
| O5-05 | O5-10 |  |
@@ @@

| STATUS |
| --- |
| ##780000|PENDING## |
NOTES:

@@     @@N/A

@@ @@

= > **Command:** vote yes

= Are you sure?

= > **Command:** Confirm

= Certainly. Your vote has been logged, and the other Overseers have been informed of your decision.

= > **Command:** Log off

= Logging off. Goodbye, O5-13.

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-5886](SCP-5886) | SCP-5887 | [SCP-5888](SCP-5888) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
