@@ @@

**SCP-5908 "Missing Bullets" by:** 

@@ @@

**[● DrAkimoto's Author Page ●](http://www.scp-wiki.net/drakimoto-s-author-page)**

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

#### ****Special Containment Procedures****

SCP-5908 is held within Safe Storage Locker 18 at Site-51. Under no circumstances is the testing of SCP-5908 permitted.

Foundation assets in the field of historic academia are to support the theory that Dorian Lockley was responsible for the assassination of Henry Clay. Any civilian attempt to exhume or study Henry Clay's body is strictly prohibited.

#### ****Description****

SCP-5908 is a half-stock, muzzle-loading percussion pistol, created by Philip Creamer on behalf of the 7th President of the United States, Andrew Jackson. SCP-5908 was designed with thaumaturgic runes along the barrel capable of triggering a ritual upon firing of the weapon. 

SCP-5908 was delivered to the Jackson Residence six days after Andrew Jackson's death and remained unused until recovered by the Foundation. 

#### ****Discovery****

On 2020/01/20, SCP-5908 was acquired in a raid on an anomalous antique dealer's warehouse, along with 26 other anomalous artifacts. A title card attached to SCP-5908 read, "Andrew Jackson | Creamer Pistol, 1845", though no further information on its anomalous properties were available. The Foundation has yet to discover the location of the compound's owner, Antonio Burelli(POI-45Y67) and the investigation into his whereabouts is currently ongoing.

#### ****Test Summary****

SCP-5908 was tested a total of four times between the 25th and 27th of January, 2020. Each test was inconclusive beyond the fact that the bullet disappeared upon firing and no evidence as to the location of these bullets was discovered at the time. The researcher responsible for the initial testing of SCP-5908, Kyle Morgan, requests the item be designated Anomalous Item and stored with other historical artifacts within the Site-51 vault. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**To:** Researcher Kyle Morgan, Site-51 Intake

**From:** Researcher Daniel Vargos [Temporal Site-01](http://www.scp-wiki.net/welcome-to-delta-t)

**Subject:** Re:SCP-5908

---

Are you fucking kidding me?

| = **American Secure Containment Initiative Document, circa 1846** |
| --- |

**Item Number:** 46-8967

**Classification Type:** Unexplained Event

---

**ASCI Protocols for Containment:** ASCI Officer Dorian Lockley shall be arrested and charged with the assassination of Henry Clay on the 29th of January, 1846. Officer Lockley has been prepared for the event and will plead guilty to all associated charges. Upon incarceration, Officer Lockley will be reported to have committed suicide by hanging and relocated to Mexico where he shall remain.

@@ @@

**Description:** On the 25th of January, 1846, Senator Henry Clay was shot in the temple by an unseen assailant. Two dozen witnesses claim to have seen Senator Clay being shot as he left the Capitol building, and though this event was thoroughly investigated, no origin could be found. While in preparation at the coroner's office, Senator Clay was shot an additional 3 times, twice on the 26th and once on the 27th. Philip Connors and his assistant Gordon Thomas were present and attest to the bullets' manifestation from approximately 20 paces from the deceased.

@@ @@

**Nota Bene:** On the 12th of August, 1851, renowned gunsmith Philip Creamer confessed to complicity in the assassination of Senator Henry Clay. 

> "I have done something terrible. I killed Henry Clay, not me, not yet, but I will. President Jackson and I have perpetrated a most dastardly deed, a shame my legacy will not outlive."

No further evidence could be ascertained as to the connection between Phenomenon 46-8967, President Jackson, and Philip Creamer. 

Of note, Philip Creamer was hired by President Jackson to craft several firearms, of which three were inspected and deemed non-anomalous. When asked if he had any regrets in life President Jackson stated:

> “Yes, I didn’t shoot Henry Clay, and I didn’t hang John C. Calhoun.” 

A suspected motive were it not for the fact President Jackson died in 1845.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-5907](SCP-5907) | SCP-5908 | [SCP-5909](SCP-5909) >>
