**Item #:** SCP-5714

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** As of 2014, SCP-5714 has been restricted entry and declared defunct by the University of California, Irvine. A concrete wall has been constructed in the area around SCP-5714. SCP-5714 is to be guarded by one Foundation security personnel daily between 9:45 PM to 10:35 PM Pacific time.

In the event of an SCP-5714-A incident, instances are to be carefully monitored in their active states via Foundation radio satellites where possible. Foundation deep-space satellites are to continuously monitor all stars within a nearby radius for possible SCP-5714-A activity. Cover stories are to be created for missing persons along with any media shared online. Witnesses are to be administered class-A amnestics.

**Description:** SCP-5714 is the UCIUniversity of California, Irvine observatory based in Irvine, CA. SCP-5714 is approximately 45 square metres and is structurally non-anomalous.

The anomalous properties of SCP-5714 manifest when two individuals romantically affiliated with one another enter the facility. Upon opening the sky dome precisely between 10:00-10:30 PM Pacific Time, the two individuals (herein referred to as instances of SCP-5714-A) will slowly begin to elevate toward the atmosphere.

As the two SCP-5714-A instances elevate into the atmosphere, they will then engage in a slow waltz together. The style will typically follow the steps of the American form of waltz, taking fluid steps at a tempo of 85 beats per minute.

After an hour, the SCP-5714-A instances will exit the Earth's atmosphere. The subjects will not expire while in space, remaining unaffected by factors normally considered fatal. The two will then proceed to orbit celestial bodies throughout the Milky Way Galaxy for roughly forty-eight hours while maintaining perfect performance on the waltz.

A typical pattern for SCP-5714-A events is for instances to begin orbiting the Earth's atmosphere before moving toward Earth's moon, the atmosphere of Mars, the asteroid belt, Jupiter's red storm, and finally the rings of Saturn.SCP-5714-A activity has been observed via Foundation satellites at several stars within the Solar Interstellar Neighbourhood within one event, strongly suggesting anomalous FTL travel.

Near the end of the forty-eight hours, SCP-5714-A instances will return to the Earth's atmosphere, roughly above the western portion of the United States. The two SCP-5714-A individuals will end the waltz by performing a pirouette spin before embracing each other in a kiss. The SCP-5714-A individuals will then proceed to lose their anomalous properties and plummet into Earth. Subjects will typically expire during the fall due to pressure and exceedingly high temperatures.

SCP-5714-A instances will re-enter the mesosphere and subsequently combust into ash, entering into an embrace before simultaneous dissipation.

<< [SCP-5713](SCP-5713) | SCP-5714 | [SCP-5715](SCP-5715) >>
