⚠️ **Content warning:** Emetophobia, cosmic horror, kenophobia

Support me!

kofi: https://ko-fi.com/fairydoctor

paypal: https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=VKAHDZ5WY7VRN

cash app: $fairydoctor

@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-5746

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5746 is contained via the existence of the Foundation. Site-∞ is to be built around SCP-5746. SCP-5746 and SCP-5746-1 are self-repairing and require no outside maintenance. Visual and audio logs recorded from tests on SCP-5746-1 are to be saved on Foundation Deepwell servers.

Only MTF-777 "The Crystal Ballers" are permitted to operate SCP-5746-1.

**Description:** SCP-5746 is a temporal eigenmachineAn anomalous machine made with anomalous technology. covertly built into an industrial factory in Cardiff, Wales. It consists of five sub-levels: Sub-levels 1 and 2 are dedicated to the processing of tachyon threads. Sublevel 3 contains four body scanners and machinery related to their operation; these are collectively designated SCP-5746-1. Sub-levels 4 and 5 are used to filter the waste from Sub-level 3.

While in SCP-5746-1, a subject enters an REM cycle and their consciousness is brought to the preset programmed time via the tachyon threadsParticle that effects temporal planes. processed from higher sublevels. The brain presents this experience in metaphorical and surrealist imagery personal to the subject; this experience has been compared to lucid dreaming. As humans are unable to recall most information obtained via lucid dreaming, use of SCP-5746-1's built-in visual and audio capture has allowed for more accurate data collection.

**Email Logs 5746.01:**

**To:** Site-∞ Director Tim E. Tailor (timetailor@scip.wls)

**From:** Researcher Lawrence S. Davis (lsdavis@scip.wls)

**Subject:** Test Proposal

**Date:** 1991/04/28

**Time:** 10:03

---

Good morning Director Tailor,

After a few months reviewing SCP-5746's file, I hypothesise that operators experience different dreamscapes when using SCP-5746-1. Attached are documents outlining a new series of tests for SCP-5746.

-Lawrence

*Site-∞ Department of Prescience*

##cyan|[5746test_ERIS.pdf]##

**To:** Researcher Lawrence S. Davis (lsdavis@scip.wls)

**From:** Site-∞ Director Tim E. Tailor (timetailor@scip.wls)

**Subject:** Re:Test Proposal

**Date:** 1991/05/03

**Time:** 07:43

---

Hello Davis,

My apologies for the late reply. Your proposal is accepted. Excited to see where this goes.

Site-∞ Director Tim E. Tailor

**Operator Instructions:**

Operator candidates must be sapient, humanoid subjects scoring 42 LDALucid Dreaming Ability or higher. Sleep should be induced in operators when placed inside an instance of SCP-5746-1.

Input should be formatted "YYYY/MM/DD 00:00:00 UTC Location Coordinates" per scanner. Both departure and return must be programmed. Total baseline time spent in the dreamscape is 0.3 ms.

Test Logs

---

**5746.01:**

**Date:** 1991/05/04 07:54

**Facilitator:** Researcher Lawrence S. Davis

**Operator:** Agent Ariadne 'Eris' Géfyra

**Forecast:** Agent Eris observed 6 hours in the future and reported the winning numbers for a lottery in Kalamazoo, Michigan. They pointed out that the American flag had 20 stars.

**Notes:** Every digit was as Agent Eris forecasted, except for the final number.

**5746.02:**

**Date:** 1991/05/05 08:23

**Facilitator:** Researcher Lawrence S. Davis

**Operator:** Agent Ariadne 'Eris' Géfyra 

**Forecast:** The forecast was set for 12 hours in the future. Operator observes a Site-∞ fire drill. Researcher Jozef Królik is seen alone in the lab at this time. Eris reported that Królik was missing his left arm. During the fire drill he falls five floors while trying to ascend the fire escape. He expires from his injuries.

**Notes:** Following Agent Eris' debriefing, Researcher Jozef Królik was restricted to his domicile and placed under watch for 14 hours. The fire drill occurred as scheduled. Researcher Królik remained in his dorm and his left arm remained intact.

**5746.03:**

**Date:** 1991/05/06 10:03

**Facilitator:** Researcher Lawrence S. Davis

**Operator:** Agent Ariadne 'Eris' Géfyra

**Forecast:** Operator observed 24 hours in the future. SCP-████ at Site-024 breaches containment on 1991/05/07 0000 UTC.

**Notes:** Site-024 was alerted and extra containment precautions were taken in regards to SCP-████. On 1991/05/07 at 00:00 UTC SCP-████ unsuccessfully attempted to breach containment.

---

**Email Logs 5746.02:**

**To:** Site-∞ Director Tim E. Tailor (timetailor@scip.wls)

**From:** Researcher Lawrence S. Davis (lsdavis@scip.wls)

**Subject:** Containment Breach

**Date:** 1991/05/10

**Time:** 07:00

---

Tailor,

Based off of recent results, I propose we expand our testing. I feel it would benefit us in assessing the risk of containment breaches, future or past. I also propose adding myself as operator. For full details and my reasoning, see below.

-Lawrence

*Site-∞ Department of Prescience*

##cyan|[5746test_FORECAST.pdf]##

##cyan|[5746test_HINDSIGHT.pdf]##  

##cyan|[5746test_DAVIS.pdf]##

**To:** Researcher Lawrence S. Davis (lsdavis@scip.wls)

**From:** Site-∞ Director Tim E. Tailor (timetailor@scip.wls)

**Subject:** re:Containment Breach

**Date:** 1991/05/12

**Time:** 09:54

---

Hello Davis,

I looked over the proposals in-depth. I agree that more testing would be beneficial and a researcher’s insight would be useful. I’m approving both your proposal and you as an operator. I can't, however, approve HINDSIGHT.

Site-∞ Director Tim E. Tailor

**Video/Audio Log 5746.01:**

**Time:** 21:34 (Local Time)

**Date:** 1995/05/12

**Facilitator:** Researcher Jozef Królik

**Operator:** Researcher Lawrence S. Davis

*Notes: Time set on SCP-5746-1 to 21:36 (Local Time) 1995/05/12.*

---

*<Begin Log>*

---

[Video feed starts on the night sky. There is a small, blue-white neutron star focused in the frame. It spins, and grows. In a few seconds it dominates the frame. Grunting is heard off screen as the center of the star collapses into a black hole. The grunting turns into screams. Feed cuts for approximately five seconds. Feed starts again in blackness. Researcher Davis lifts his head from a desk, revealing him to be in his office. The office is lit by no discernible source of light. Lighting is blue-white and dim. There are no walls or ceilings to the office. Above him the sky is pitch black. Davis stands and wanders around the desk. After a moment he looks up and grips his stomach. He groans.]

[Davis shakes off his vertigo, picks a direction and walks. The desk gets smaller the further Davis walks. For ten minutes, other than the shrinking desk, the dreamscape does not change.]

[A rectangular object on the horizon grabs Davis' attention and he sets out toward it. The visual log starts to corrupt at this point. As Davis approaches the object, it comes into focus as Director Tailor's office door. Glitching and occasional cut-outs still occur on the recording.]

[Davis remains silent as he opens the door and enters Director Tailor's office. Director Tailor is seated at his desk, and another Researcher Davis is standing in front of the Director's desk. The Davis who just entered the room, freezes. Director Tailor and Other Davis are not aware of Researcher Davis' presence.]

**Other Davis:** *(yells)* What the hell is going on with this machine?

**Tailor:** Excuse me? You can't barg--

**Other Davis:** *(interrupts)* While in the scanners I saw this exact meeting play out, including you telling me you made SCP-5746. Is this why we can't perform any tests looking to the past?

**Tailor:** *(sighs)* Please sit down, Davis.

[Other Davis complies. Researcher Davis remains standing; he mumbles under his breath occasionally.]

**Tailor:** Yes. In another timeline and universe, I made the Time Stitcher. But when me and my team activated it, it cut and ripped through our timeline like a seamster's seam ripper.

[Both Davises remain silent.]

**Tailor:** I was the only survivor, as I was the only one in a body scanner. The universe consisted of darkness, until I found the disparate threads of all timelines, and SCP-5746's existence.

**Tailor:** That's when I weaved it back together from the various, broken timelines *(pauses)* and made this one. Ours.

**Other Davis:** This is a bold and narcissistic claim.

**Tailor:** What is?

**Other Davis:** That you created our universe.

**Tailor:** It was already created, I just stitched what I could find back together. My fault with the machine the first time was observing the past and the initial creation of our universe.

**Other Davis:** What did you see?

**Tailor:** *(pauses)* ...myself stitching the timeline back together, again.

[Feed picks up a bright, white light, and the session ends.]

---

*<End Log>*

Davis had been in SCP-5746-1 for approximately ten minutes. Immediately after the test's conclusion, Davis confronted Director Tailor.

**Revision 1995/05/14**

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5746 is contained via the existence of the Foundation. Site-∞ is to be built around SCP-5746. SCP-5746 and SCP-5746-1 are self-repairing and require no outside maintenance. Visual and audio logs recorded from tests on SCP-5746-1 are to be saved on Foundation Deepwell servers. ##cyan|Utilizing SCP-5746-1 to observe the past is prohibited and will result in amnestic treatment or permanent reassignment.##

Only MTF-777 "The Crystal Ballers" are permitted to operate SCP-5746-1.

*-Site-∞ Director Timothy Tailor and Head Researcher Lawrence Davis*

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

[More by fairydoctor](http://redacted.website)

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-5745](SCP-5745) | SCP-5746 | [SCP-5747](SCP-5747) >>

=====

> **Filename:** factory.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5746)

=====
