:root {

    ~~logo-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/secure-facility-dossier-site-120/ontologonew.png");

    --header-title: "Site-120";

    --header-subtitle: "Fighting Fire With Fire";

---

[[include <a href="/component:info-ayers">component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en

|page=scp-5373

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.wikidot.com/ralliston-s-authorpage

|comments=

The following article is a part of the [And Every Time We Meet Again](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/and-every-time-we-meet-again-hub) storyline. Whilst you can read it on its own, it's highly recommended you read the previous installments to get this article in its fullest. 

**Image Sources:**

The Site-120 logo used in the header was created by  for the purpose of all articles regarding such. Please check out more of their absolutely stellar work [here](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/desk-of-junior-designer-s-yvonne).

> **Name of the file:** godel-icon.svg

> **Source:** [link](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/itsdenalis-personnel-file)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Author:** .

> **Name of the file:** graffiti.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/7f19a53e-c84e-461d-94dd-1f00e65e2322)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0 

> **Author:** [Cold, Indrid](https://www.flickr.com/photos/29442760@N00)

> **Name of the file:** thing2.png

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/377ac043-d0fd-429c-ada7-390a76d1d86f)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0 

> **Author:** [r. nial bradshaw](https://www.flickr.com/photos/33227787@N05)

> **Name of the file:** sewer.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/bfd91ae9-4a03-436f-93e4-4d2157524652)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Author:** [Dominic Alves](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/?ref=ccsearch&atype=rich)

> **Name of the file:** temple.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/215f6e18-0315-4e44-82ae-932a7a78d24c)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Author:** [Bert Kaufmann](https://www.flickr.com/photos/22746515@N02)

> **Name of the file:** lake.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/29cbb3aa-2715-4a63-95ec-63ff8773e271)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Author:** [dreamingofariz](https://www.flickr.com/photos/62399463@N00)

> **Name of the file:** houses.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/a7c2f7b8-d926-4948-9a5f-17538717ab88)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Author:** [Dimitry B.](https://www.flickr.com/photos/61533954@N00)

> **Name of the file:** markety.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/a7c2f7b8-d926-4948-9a5f-17538717ab88)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Author:** [Omar](https://www.flickr.com/photos/69311043@N06)

]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:object-warning-box-source">:scp-wiki:component:object-warning-box-source</a>

|bg-image=https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ec/SCP_Foundation_%28emblem%29.svg

|bg-opacity=0.15

|text-top=BY ORDER OF THE O4 COUNCIL

|text-bottom=Due to the plans outlined within Document [O4-5373-2](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/o4-s-summit), SCP-5373 is currently under official military engagement from the SCP Foundation. This file might be outdated at the time of your access and is Level 4 Classified.

**Unauthorized access is forbidden.**

|object-number=5373

]]

---

<details>
<summary>▶ Open Archived Special Containment Procedures ◀</summary>

All Foundation interaction with SCP-5373 for any containment purposes is indefinitely forbidden. Under no circumstances should any action other than monitoring SCP-5373's effect on the outside world be undertaken against it. 

[Site-120](secure-facility-dossier-site-120) is to send weekly reports regarding SCP-5373's state to Overwatch Command regularly, as it is to serve as the main monitoring organ. Every two weeks, an unarmed exploration squad is to enter SCP-5373, adhering to all local rules it has in order to assess any changes within its society.

No further action is necessary nor encouraged. 

</details>

---

**Revised Special Containment Procedures:** Following the passing of the vote during [the 01/05/1985 summit of the O4 Council](o4-s-summit), SCP-5373 is under official SCP Foundation blockade. At this time, leaving the anomaly is strictly forbidden. Until PoI-5936 ("Damien Nowak") A dangerous, rogue thaumaturgic terrorist, leader of an anti-Foundation group known as "the Children," actively attempting to destroy it, and the main operation force behind the planned activation of five ritual sites, the first one being that in [SCP-5936](SCP-5936), with an unknown purpose. Responsible for the creation of at least 3 other anomalies documented by the Foundation.  is properly eliminated, the system blocking the escape entries is to be activated for as long as needed.

Should the crisis be properly dealt with, the Special Containment Procedures are to revert to their Archived version and this file is to be updated to adhere to this change.

**Archival Notice:** Foundation personnel accessing this file for overview information regarding Esterberg should be reminded that it primarily acts as a file pertaining to Operation Neverland. For exact information regarding the Free Port, please access the [attached external file](esterberg-city-wikipedia).

**Description:** SCP-5373 is FP-120, a [Free Port-type Nexus](locations-of-interest) currently existing within a pocket dimension parallel to the city of Częstochowa, Poland, commonly referred to as "Tysiąclecie Górne" in Polish or "Esterberg" in Fae, acting as the hub of operations for GoI-120 ("Triumviraté"). GoI-120, Fae for "we will prevail;" a large-scale organized Fae terrorist group, focused on reclaiming its supposed territory back from humanity; full report pending.

Although this area is strictly separated from baseline reality, it is accessible through five main entries from baseline reality, one for each of its districts, connecting these two dimensions together leading into one of its districts. All of them are located throughout the entirety of Częstochowa, Poland, only accessible to individuals knowing the passcodes necessary to pass through each door. Despite the location of these entries and / or said password having been noted to be changed about once a century by Esterberg's rulers, the Foundation had been successfully able to locate them following each shift through the usage of scanner technology and thaumaturgic rituals.

Despite mostly acting as a free living space for numerous anomalous races, such as common Fae (*Homo sapiens sidhe*) or [Yeren](SCP-1000) (*Homo sapiens noctis*), With a population graph showing approximately 40% / 30% / 30% for Fae, Yeren, and other races respectively.  human society is neither a rarity nor an ostracized minority -- in fact, the concept of racial discrimination within SCP-5373's boundaries is nearly nonexistent.

SCP-5373's area covers around 59 km x 62 km of land (with 10% of that being taken by the actual city and 90% by the outside), with a centralized citizen-run council currently acting as the main ruling organ for the city. The entire city appears to run on a democratic-socialistic system, with the internal government being run by a body known as the "Council of Three," a group comprised of one Fae, one human, and one Child of the Night, chosen from the city council once every four years in a democratic vote among the council, acting as a position similar to that of prime minister and president to the city.

Due to SCP-5373's large area, it is inherently divided into five different districts, self-referred by its inhabitants as the Ruling District, the Living District, the Market District, the Sewer District, and the Port District. Though the area outside of SCP-5373 does not possess any sea connections, the Port District does -- it is currently theorized that this internal sea system connects to the river of Warta outside of the pocket dimension.  Due to their complexity, refer to the Addenda for further information on each.

**Discovery and Historical Context:** SCP-5373 first came to the Foundation's attention even prior to [Site-120's founding](SCP-5292) in 02/05/1916. During that time, intel from allied minor Groups of Interest revealed the existence of a Free Port within the boundaries of Częstochowa. Following the founding of Provisional Site-120, SCP-5292's discovery (at the time known as PL-X0R38/0124) and the Fae attack that followed, Site-120 had been properly established to watch over the entirety of the Free Port for further action-planning.

With the passing of the 1923 "Free Port Protection" League of Nations Act, any plans of containment of SCP-5373 were immediately discontinued to not break the newly established international law. However, due to a loophole allowing for unarmed Foundation research exploration, further study conducted revealed that SCP-5373 is most likely more than 500 years old. Markings found within its oldest building ~~ the Grand Temple located in the Ruling District ~~ suggest that it was originally created as a refugee camp for anomalous during Medieval times during the attacks by the Catholic Church on the the Fae and Children of the Night populations during the Fourth Occult War, caused by an [attempt at resurgence by the Fae Empire in the 13th century](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/scp-pl-259).

Despite SCP-5373's continued existence over the following eras, no major interactions with the human population in any capacity were noted -- the only real exception of this rule was the hermetic sealing of the community during the Medieval-era Catholic Church-organized hunts for all that was anomalous, with a focus on individuals possessing thaumaturgic abilities and / or anomalous races. It's believed that this was mainly caused by the fact that almost no representatives of the hunting organizations possessed any knowledge regarding the usage of thaumaturgy; therefore a magical lock on portals leading to SCP-5373 were effectively permanent protection.

During 1916, intel of its existence had been acquired by the Foundation ~~ in the light of this information, further actions were almost immediately undertaken, in the end resulting in Site-120's establishment. For more information regarding these events, see file ~~ [SCP-5292](SCP-5292).

In recent years, SCP-5373 has been acting as the main hub for all legal anomalous activity within a majority of central Europe. Being both a Foundation influence-free area as well as a society accepting of thaumaturgy, ontokinetic abilities, and other common anomalies, its population consists of more than 50 000 individuals both living within it on a daily basis as well as visiting.  Noteworthy is the fact that despite being relatively up-to-date with modern technology, SCP-5373 has no infrastructure supporting cars, But possesses one for trams.  and its architecture is heavily non-modern, with a currently untitled mixture of neoclassical, gothic, medieval, and modern architecture dominating within.

Due to the relative ease of access to most individuals as well as the fact SCP-5373 is not forbidden to anyone, even Foundation personnel, FP-120 is seen as both a positive phenomenon and a wanted one due to its limitation of any non-controlled anomalous activity within the region -- it's currently estimated that due to its existence, at least 100 anomalous events are prevented from being seen by the public on a daily basis.

---

**⚠️ FILE UPDATE ~~ 01/05/1985 ~~ Project Neverland Briefing ⚠️**

---

Following the receival of intel suggesting that the next planned move of PoI-5936 is going to be an exploration mission into SCP-5373 for the purpose of a gathering of his military force consisting of anomalous races, [SCP-5890-1 entities](SCP-5890), Which, due to their containment breach, possess knowledge of the Foundation's inner workings as well as numerous other SCP files within its database.  and [SCP-5795-2 instances](SCP-5795), which are able to remotely compromise Foundation databases. Due to this, as well as information suggesting this event will lead to a destruction of the second metaphysical thaumaturgic circle referred to by his followers as a "[Seal](SCP-5936)," in turn progressing his final, currently unknown, plan.

To counter this, a planned military operation focused only on the elimination of PoI-5936 and his followers has been launched on 17/05/1985 by the Foundation; logs and details of this operation are available below.

Operation details in regards to specific SCP-5373 Districts are marked in the color of ##blue|blue##.

---

**Addendum 5373-1: Specific SCP-5373 District Descriptions**

---

**The Sewer District:** Being the smallest district within all of FP-120, the sewer district acts as the city's main garbage disposal system. Within its boundaries, numerous thaumaturgy-operated burners as well as other machinery to which all pipes and sewage lines are connected, are located. Despite this system however, a large portion of the underground sewer system is either heavily outdated due to its age and repurposed for usage by anomalous races finding the environment it creates to be beneficial. Such modifications range from mass grave / crypt areas, With one of such possessing an extremely deep tunnel with an internal temperature of over 120°C, anomalously not spreading outside its boundaries; due to this property, [where it leads](SCP-5572) remains unknown.  tunnel underground black markets, and housing areas for the previously mentioned races to connections to local cave areas.

Entry into the Sewer District is available directly through a loose portal located within Częstochowa's sewers, through which the Foundation leads almost all exploration missions into SCP-5373 due to the relative secrecy that location offers. However, due to the loose dimensional boundary enforcement this way of dimensional separation creates, numerous minor anomalous behaviors have been noted to affect the non-SCP-5373 part of the gateway, with the most present one being the feeling of a [powerful presence within the Częstochowian sewers](SCP-5659). However, as none of these effects is severe enough to affect anything else than the extremely small space that is the connection between Częstochowa and SCP-5373, no action against them was declared necessary.

##blue|The Sewer District is to act as the starting point to the PoI-5936 Capture Mission, further referred to as "Project Neverland." There, a total of five MTF units are to be dispatched as the beginning to this operation, with their main goal being heading towards the Ruling District, where a Foundation-contacted inside agent is planned to provide more intel information to the squads regarding Nowak's whereabouts; after this occurs, the main focus is on locating the area he resides in and eliminating him.##

---

<details>
<summary>▶ Open Exploration Log 5373-1 ◀</summary>

**Date:** 17/05/1985

**Exploration Team:** Mobile Task Force Theta-120 ("Tyrfing Black") A three-man Mobile Task Force consisting of the main research group of the [The Damien Nowak case](and-every-time-we-meet-again-hub); despite their relatively high rankings within the Foundation ~~ these being the Site Director statuses of Jessie Rivera and Daniel Asheworth and the Chief of Security status of Jeremy Cornwell ~~ the team was decided to be a valuable field resource due to their high knowledge of PoI-5936. 

**Subject:** SCP-5373, Sewer District

**Team Lead:** Dr. Asheworth

**Team Members:** Dr. Rivera, Cptn. Cornwell

**Foreword:** Due to the relative importance of the video logs gathered from MTF Theta-120, theirs are the only ones currently attached to this file. For a full log of Project Neverland video logs, contact Site-120's General RAISA Chairman, James Moore.

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*The camera feed connects, revealing a small and tight corridor located within SCP-5373's sewers, with portal-entry-induced visual bugs relatively stabilizing themselves. With a total of five MTF units standing within the murk waters of the location, all of them silently nod to each other and start to walk forward to the end of the tunnel, from which a light is coming.*

**Asheworth:** To make sure -- we're going with Alpha-2 to Ruling, right?

*One of the men present within the room turns back to Asheworth, with the thaumaturge snapping his fingers, resulting in a dim light above everyone's head lighting up.*

**Alpha-2-1:** Yes. We split up here and re-join near the stairs to the Grand Temple. Everyone else asserts the situation.

*Alpha-2-1 pauses for a second.*

**Alpha-2-1:** If you see or hear anything weird, report through the radio.

**Asheworth:** Roger.

*The four other teams quickly head for the exit, with the three remaining individuals stay for a moment.*

**Rivera:** Stop.

*Asheworth turns back to look at Rivera.*

**Asheworth:** Hm?

**Rivera:** We should go right.

**Cornwell:** The instructions we were given clearly state we should go left. There we'll meet up with Nine and--

**Rivera:** Left will get us there quicker.

**Cornwell:** Wh... how do you know this?

**Rivera:** I don't know, I just...

*Rivera touches her forehead, starting to gently massage it.*

**Rivera:** I just *know.*

*She pauses for a second.*

**Rivera:** Look, ever since I've awoken reality-bending within me during our time in 5795, things have been... different, alright? I... I don't fully understand, but--

**Asheworth:** It's okay. 

*All pause for a moment.*

**Cornwell:** A mage and a reality bender leading a Site dealing with mages and reality benders. Heh.

*Cornwell chuckles nervously.*

**Asheworth:** *<sigh>* Not the time.

**Cornwell:** Sorry.

**Rivera:** Let's just go.

*As Rivera starts to walk left, the team follows. Shortly after, the camera reveals a long corridor, populated with numerous market stands, lanterns hanging from the ceiling, and doors and windows leading into living spaces near them, all located within the sewer despite its everpresent wetness. At the end of the tunnel, there is light.*

**Cornwell:** Ew.

*Coming close to the local market stands, a widely smiling SCP-1000 instance appears from behind one of them. The entity approaches the team with a small bag filled with unidentified items in its hands.*

**The entity:** *<in a thick accent>:* Hello there, fellow humans. *<chuckle>* Would you possibly like to--

**Cornwell:** *<Backing off a little>:* Oh Jesus, I-- *<Cornwell points his gun at the entity>* S-stay back!

*The entity's expression changes to shock. Shortly, after it quickly runs away.*

**Rivera:** What the fuck, Jeremy?

**Cornwell:** What?

**Rivera:** What "what?" You exactly know what. Why the fuck did you do that?

**Cornwell:** Do what?

**Rivera:** Do *that* to that goddamned 1000. He didn't even--

**Cornwell:** Not my fault I naturally feel afraid of th--

*Rivera scoffs.*

**Rivera:** Are you even listening to what--

**Asheworth:** Shut up.

*Both stop fighting, turning their heads towards Asheworth.*

**Cornwell:** If this is your attempt at--

**Asheworth:** I said, shut up.

**Rivera:** What's going on?

**Asheworth:** He is somewhere here. 

**Cornwell:** Huh?

**Asheworth:** I can sense him. 

**Rivera:** Are you sure you're fine? Last time you were like this you were obss--

**Asheworth:** Yes, I'm fine. I've [given up on my past a long time ago](a-library-empty).

*Asheworth pauses for a second.*

**Asheworth:** All I care about now is making sure this piece of shit doesn't hurt anyone else.

*The feed is turned off as the team enters out of the sewers.*

**[END LOG]**

</details>

---

**The Ruling District:** Despite its extreme size, the Ruling District doesn't house as many buildings as it would be expected to ~~ in fact, most of its area is covered by large administrative buildings, the main parliament housing the city council and the Council of Three, houses of individuals bearing rule over the city, and its religious buildings ~~ with the oldest and the largest of them being the Grand Temple, which acts as the main housing unit for SCP-5373's thaumaturgic and theological activities. Due to the buildings it houses, most of the Ruling District's area is severely renovated above any other area within the city.

Being the oldest part of the city as suggested by prior scans, the Ruling District possesses by far the highest rankings of Akiva radiation out of the entire city, with the focus point of this radiation being the Grand Temple, which is also the oldest building within the entire city. It's theorized that this is mainly caused by the sheer amount of religious activity it houses every day due to its size -- however, this doesn't explain why [energy amounts similar to those excreted by dietic entities are mainly focused on underground parts of the facility](i-was-the-queen-before-it-was-cool). 

Due to the relatively rich population of the Ruling District, a relatively large portion of its buildings are directly owned by large [Groups of Interest](groups-of-interest), with the main players within this area being [Marshall, Carter & Darke](marshall-carter-and-dark-hub), which possesses an official auctionhouse within the district and the [Global Occult Coalition](goc-hub-page) with its own office and a patrolling force. Additionally, numerous cults and smaller religious organizations such as the [Church of the Broken God](church-of-the-broken-god-hub), the [Serpent's Hand](serpent-s-hand-hub), with a direct portal to the [Wanderers' Library](wanderers-library-hub) in one of its buildings, singular believers of [Sarkicism](sarkicism-hub), and a small but formidable cult of individuals worshiping an unknown deity known as "Father" have been found within the numerous minor chapels and religious buildings the Ruling District offers.

##blue|Following their escape from the Sewer District, Project Neverland exploration teams are to head into the direction of the Grand Temple, where they are to meet the Foundation's inside agents, from whom they are to collect information regarding Nowak's whereabouts (this information wasn't forwarded prior due to the chance of compromisation this offer would hold for the agents). After this exchange is done, the team is to act accordingly to the information provided with the goal of capturing PoI-5936 in mind.##

---

<details>
<summary>▶ Open Exploration Log 5373-2 ◀</summary>

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*The feed reconnects, revealing the prior exploration team walking up pearl-white stairs leading to a large temple building located atop it. On the cover of the large opened stone doors leading to the building's interiors, numerous highly detailed pictographs of humanoid entities being worshiped can be seen, covering almost all of the doors' area. Within the walls around them, tall pillars as well as detailed decorations can be seen, with a large, curvy-lettered sign sitting atop the entry.*

**Asheworth:** "Show repentance, mortals, for you are entering the house of gods." That's... one cheesy way to put it.

**Cornwell:** What?

**Asheworth:** *<pointing towards the sign:>* That's what it says. In Fae, I mean.

*Asheworth chuckles nervously, proceeding to walk up faster; Rivera and Cornwell quickly catch up, a moment later standing near the entry to the building. From within, a silent whistle can be heard, immediately alarming Rivera.*

**Rivera:** That's our sign. Let's go.

*The team enters into the building through the large doors, revealing a gigantic hall with a ceiling held up by numerous pillars scattered throughout the room. Along its walls, numerous large mosaics with Fae descriptions can be seen, all showing a large humanoid entity -- however, the details of them remain mostly unknown due to the distance between the team and the pictures.*

*In the background, a large altar with an extremely large mosaic, covering almost all of the wall, can be seen. The painting showcases a large field among which numerous entities stand. Among them, a [large stag](SCP-2845), a [large, pale humanoid](SCP-6672), a man carrying a sword of pure light, a Child of the Night walking with a cane in his hand, [large tree](SCP-6789), and a mass of flesh with eyes can be seen located on its left, with the destroyed images of [two Fae wearing crowns](ralliston-s-proposal), crowned humanoid painted crimson, a mass of gears and metal, as well as a large serpent encompassing all of these entities on the right. In the center, a featureless humanoid entity is standing, visibly above all others; the material previously used to make it up seems to be destroyed, purposefully leaving only its silhouette visible. Above it, red tendril-like appendages coming from the top of the mosaic can be seen.*

**Cornwell:** Woah.

*As the entire team looks around in disbelief, two members of other dispatched MTFs approach them from their right, showing them to come closer. Doing so, Theta-120 slowly uncovers the area within which the wall mosaics are seen.*

**Alpha-2-1:** You good?

**Asheworth:** Yes. All's fine. The rest?

**Alpha-2-1:** Omega, Beta, and Gamma are guarding the outsides. We really don't want anyone to know we're here for the info.

**Cornwell:** But, uh, we didn't see them anywhere?

**Alpha-2-1:** That just means they're doing their job.

*All pause for a second.*

**Alpha-2-1:** *<pointing towards the rest of the team located near the altar:>* Our correspondent said they'll only accept us to pass on the info, meaning you'll have to wait here. Won't take longer than a couple of minutes.

*The man joins the rest of his team near the altar, near which a hooded entity can be seen. They start to engage in a silent conversation.*

*As neither of Theta-120 members have anything else to do, Asheworth and Rivera start to investigate the wall mosaics present near them -- Cornwell appears to not be interested with them, as he sits down in one of the wall cavities and starts to clear his gun.*

**Rivera:** And what on earth are those?

**Asheworth:** Well, they are murals, I suppose.

*Rivera rolls her eyes and sighs.*

**Rivera:** No shit.

*The duo comes closer, revealing the entire wall is separated into 5 identically-sized panels, located within shallow cavities and with small descriptions in Fae located beneath them.*

*Asheworth turns back, looking at the other side of the wall -- there, an identical mirroring of the location can be seen.*

**Asheworth:** "I. The left-behind kingdom."

*He looks up, showing a mural showcasing a large, blue, featureless humanoid entity located in the center of the image, sitting atop a throne. Around it, numerous smaller blue humanoids can be seen, kneeling near it. In the background, a large, luminous, red mass with tentacle-like appendages can be seen. It doesn't touch any of the other entities present in the painting.*

**Rivera:** *<pointing at the red mass:>* Is that... Yaldabaoth? 

**Asheworth:** It's too transparent and... ghostly, I think? Never seen any representation of it before.

*The two slowly move to the left, showing the next panel.*

**Asheworth:** "II. The deal." 

*The second panel showcases the tall blue humanoid, kneeling under the red mass. Within the humanoid's hands, numerous smaller blue humanoids can be seen, each being presented to the red entity. From one of the apendeges of the red entity, unidentified items can be seen; behind it, a number of small red humanoids equivalent to that of the offered blue ones are present.*

**Rivera:** So someone... dealt with something, in exchange for people, getting what in return, exactly?

**Asheworth:** Technology, I imagine. Or at least some material wealth. No idea.

*Shrugging, he proceeds to the next image, which showcases two visibly divided parts -- the top one, within which the red mass with numerous parts of it covered in holes, numerous unidentified items from the last panel, as well as a number of red humanoids identical to the one of the blue ones from panel one can be seen. Separated from the bottom panel with a black line, within the down portion, the tall blue humanoid can be seen, in visible stress, with parts of its body missing. Despite this divide and most of the red mass being located atop the panel, a slight red appendage penetrating this wall can be seen.*

**Asheworth:** "III. The escape."

**Rivera:** They fought, I imagine?

**Asheworth:** Probably. Ended in the blue one running away from whatever its home was.

**Rivera:** Why though? 

*Asheworth points at the red humanoids.*

**Asheworth:** The red one probably overpowered the blue one by sheer numbers. Too many deals to do anyone good, I guess.

*Proceeding to the fourth panel, the team reveals an open plain, with the tall humanoid present in its center -- from its hands, plants and two small entities looking similar to humans can be seen emerging. Within the blue entity's eyes, a slight red light can be seen.*

**Asheworth:** "IV. The creation of life." Eugh. Seen and heard too many world-creation stories. Sick of them.

**Rivera:** Agreed.

*The fifth mural showcases five smaller circles located around the entity -- the tall humanoid has parts of its body missing, with one of its eyes burning with a red light, sand its visibly connected to the five circles, with parts of its body present within them. One of these circles is slightly damaged.*

**Asheworth:** "V. Imprisonment.."

**Rivera:** So it... put itself in a prison? Why?

**Asheworth:** The red one somehow penetrated the barrier and got to it. Wanted to lock itself with red so it won't destroy everything again, I suppose.

**Rivera:** *<proceeding after a short pause:>* What does all of this mean?

**Asheworth:** *<rolling his eyes and chuckling nervously:>* Nothing. Weird religious bullshit, I guess. Wouldn't give my head to the imagination of a weird sculpturer from hundreds of years ago.

**Rivera:** I guess you're right.

*As they both stop talking, suddenly, all three members of Alpha-2 can be seen rushing towards them, visibly stressed. The hooded entity is nowhere to be seen.*

**Alpha-2-1:** *<sigh>* It's becoming a goddamned catchphrase during this entire case, isn't it?

**Rivera:** What's going on?

*Alpha-2-1 speeds up his walk, quickly showing near the exist.*

**Alpha-2-1:** We're already too late.

**[END LOG]**

</details>

---

**The Port District:** Despite its name, the Port District's actual port hasn't been the center of the attention it gets for a long time -- that title inherently belongs to the storehouses the sector houses, used by numerous suppliers within the city, especially for establishments located within the Living District and the Market District. Due to boats becoming more of an obsolete movement method as well as the closing of all river-based entries into SCP-5373 within the couple last centuries, the actual port is now more of a decoration / tourist attraction rather than a functioning trade center; though boats still roam the waters of the foggy lake, Lake Arlande, connected to the harbor, trade through this method is almost nonexistent.

Despite being mostly populated by large warehouses as well as markets from the Market District, numerous other buildings, including houses, still do exist within the Port District's area -- the biggest landmark being the gigantic lighthouse located on the shores of Lake Arlande. The building, being powered by a thaumaturgic flame, permanently exhorts a large pillar of light, regularly patrolling the harbor. Despite no real need for this, a local legend attributing the flame's wealth to the wealth of the city exists; no correlation has ever been noted, but Esterbergians keep the flame permanently alive as a visible tradition.

##blue|After the information exchange within the Ruling District will become successful, Project Neverland personnel are to head within the location within which PoI-5936 is planned to locate himself, in the process adhering to as many safety rules as possible -- not being detected by the target prior to engagement is top priority. During the relocation process, all individuals involved are to keep an eye out for any irregularities within SCP-5373's terrain, with structures such as thaumaturgic glyphs, runes, totems or any other items possibly used for the completion of a ritual being items they are to look for the most. All such irregularities are to be immediately destroyed with specific instructions being given out by local mission thaumaturges.##

---

<details>
<summary>▶ Open Exploration Log 5373-3 ◀</summary>

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*Entering into the large opening from which the port can be seen, the entire team can be seen quickly moving up the road leading uphill towards the Living District. Despite the normal traffic, the location would offer, almost no one can be seen around them. Passing near houses, doors, and windows seem to be shut along the team's walk path.*

**Asheworth:** So what the fuck is even going on?!

**Alpha-2-1:** *<panting:>* I... Nowak's here. Already.

*Alpha-2-1 speeds up.*

**Alpha-2-1:** He's in the Market District with *everyone*.

**Asheworth:** Everyone?

**Alpha-2-1:** *Everyone*. His monsters and the monsters that live here. 

**Rivera:** H-how is that possible? No scanners of ours detected anything, even today--

**Alpha-2-1:** I don't know. The priest told me something within everyone called them to the market. Whatever the fuck that means.

*Asheworth frowns, starting to run. Rivera quickly catches up, visibly panting and tired.*

**Rivera:** D-do you... know anything... about what that... means?

**Asheworth:** I... yes, I do. There's a legend he used to tell us when new people joined.

**Rivera:** Joined what?

**Asheworth:** *<rolling his eyes:>* The cult, Rivera. It's not that hard to think out.

*Asheworth cracks his fingers, with the runes on his gloves starting to dimly lit themselves up.*

**Asheworth:** He used to tell us we are, on a fundamental level, the same -- that there is *something* within us that made us the same.

**Rivera:** The fuck does that... m-mean?

**Asheworth:** I don't know. I'm just afraid he used whatever that is to call all of them there.

*The team approaches a thin alleyway, blocked by numerous crates and chests, blocking entry. On them, a large red rune can be seen.*

**Asheworth:** Fuck, fuck fuck fuck fuck, fuck!

*Asheworth backs off, snapping his fingers and whistling quietly. The crates suddenly engulf themselves in flame as the area around the thaumaturge's eyes starts to slightly wither.*

**Rivera:** I... What--?

**Asheworth:** It meant sacrifice. He's ready to open another one of his seals. Here, now...

**Rivera:** Oh Jesus.

*The two run out of the alleyway, finding a way around it -- this time, they're visibly closer to the hill housing the Market District than before.*

**Asheworth:** ...and he's ready to sacrifice the entire city to do it.

*Asheworth suddenly stops. As he does so, Cornwell catches up to them, catching his breath.*

**Cornwell:** And what the fuck are you doing?!

*Asheworth starts to kneel, closing his eyes, and touching the ground.*

**Asheworth:** Run. Get his pets and mages before they can finish the ritual. I'll catch up.

**Rivera:** What?! Why?!

**Asheworth:** *<quietly;>* I'll put a failsafe up for when you inevitably fail.

**Cornwell:** I--

**Asheworth:** I said -- go!

*The two start to run, heading up the hill. Doing so, they reveal a large opening near the buildings, from which the Great Market can be seen overlapping with the living district down below ~~ there, an extreme amount of individuals, both anomalous race-wise and nonanomalous, can be seen. Due to the distance however, their details cannot be made out. From within the mass, a loud speech can be heard ~~ similarly, no details can be heard.*

**Rivera:** Shit, shit, shit!

*Rivera picks up her communication device, quickly putting it to her ear.*

**Rivera:** Command?

*No response is given.*

**Rivera:** Command?! Do you copy?

*She gently slaps the device a couple times, to no result.*

**Rivera:** Alpha-2?! Beta?! Where the fuck is any--

*Cornwell approaches her, touching her shoulder. He slowly points towards the sky above the Great Market.*

**Cornwell:** L-look.

*Said sky rapidly changes into a large circle, quickly expanding with each second -- with this expansion, numerous other details, such as thaumaturgic details within it can be found.*

**Rivera:** Oh no. No no no no no.

*Rivera backs off a little, in result falling to her knees. Standing up, she looks backwards.*

**Rivera:** Oh Jesus.

**Cornwell:** Wh-- oh.

*Cornwell looks backwards, from which a large wall made out of flame can be seen expanding around the entire Living and Market District from where Asheworth should be located. The barrier is around 4 meters tall and 2 meters thick, with no signs of spreading beyond its area being seen.*

**Cornwell:** Has he lost his mind?!

**Rivera:** He... he didn't bluff. Jesus Christ.

*Both pause for a second, catching their breath.*

**Rivera:** So... what the hell do we do?

**Cornwell:** We can't go back, or that psycho will burn us to death with his insane barrier...

**Rivera:** ...but if we go forward, another one will murder us, this time intentionally.

*Rivera sighs.*

**Rivera:** Let's end this here, once and for all.

*She steps forward, reading her gun.*

**Rivera:** For the better of everyone.

*As they charge down into the crowd of people located in the market, the feed suddenly disconnects as the shouting from the area gets louder.*

**[END LOG]**

</details>

---

**The Living District:** Being the main center of the entire populace of SCP-5373, the Living District is the largest area within all of FP-120. Despite being mostly filled with houses and buildings built with similar purposes, the district possesses numerous buildings commonly found within urban areas, such as shops, restaurants, and small businesses. Due to this as well as the large clientele the area offers, numerous smaller Groups of Interest were noted to open their locals within, with the most active players being [Wilson's Wildlife Solutions](wilson-s-wildlife-solutions-hub) with an active shelter for [stray animals](critter-profile-sparky) titled "Wilson's Esterberg Center" and [Ambrose Restaurants](ambrose-restaurant-hub), with numerous smaller sub-instances located within. [Surprisingly, Ambrose does not possess any subinstances outside of the Living District — the reasons for this remain unknown](ambrose-esterberg).

Despite being an active nexus for anomalous inhabitants, it's been noted that numerous portals appear to lead out of parts of the area, connecting areas inhabited by anomalous races spread across Poland to this area; examples of such include [SCP-1000 habitats within the Podlasian Voivodeship](the-furmen), Fae habitats in the Wielkopolska areas, and Finfolk housings near the Baltic Sea.

Though initially entirely separate, due to the ever-increasing amount of residents requiring vital products on a daily basis, the Living District and the Market District partially overlap, resulting in a large area of the Great Market existing partially within the latter.

##blue|During the search for PoI-5936 following the inquiry of vital information regarding his whereabouts, Project Neverland personnel are to be especially worried about potential threats coming from within SCP-5373 inhabitants -- as seen from prior interactions, Damien Nowak possesses an inherent ability to turn normally neutral parties against the Foundation; with FP-120 possessing numerous potentially dangerous races as well as the Living District's large amount of inhabitants, special caution is to be shown during the operation.##

---

<details>
<summary>▶ Open Exploration Log 5373-4 ◀</summary>

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*The feed reconnects, revealing Rivera and Cornwell standing in a large, densly-packed crowd standing around a large open area, filled to the brim with a mix of humans, Children of the Night, Fae, and other anomalous races. All of them are focused on a large platform located in the center of this market, upon which approximately 20 individuals can be seen. One of them, identifiable as PoI-5936, is visibly the center of the attention.*

*Rivera, holding a gun in her hand, looks around the entire area, scouting around its perimeter. Though initially not noticing anything, she quickly notices four Project Neverland MTF squads standing within entry alleyways into the market -- they establish eye contact with her, nodding in the process. Just as she is about to turn her focus back at the man standing atop the platform, for a moment, she notices a man wearing a red tuxedo and a hat standing near the edge of her vision, quickly disappearing into the crowd around him. She disregards it as an illusion and focuses on Nowak.*

**Nowak:** --ever. For years, all they have done is cause suffering towards everyone they deem "anomalous." Am I wrong?

*The crowd cheers. Above them in the sky, a large, red, thaumaturgic circle can be seen growing, with dim, red light appearing near the eyes of individuals standing in the crowd. They do not notice it.*

**Nowak:** And even after all of this, do you still really believe they *won't* double down? They rooted your natural habitats out, they burned your forests, and they murdered your families -- do you genuinely think they won't destroy this heaven you've built yourself here, after all they've done?

*Nowak turns around, kneeling on the ground with one knee and starting to draw a circle around himself using chalk. Similarly, the men around him start to do the same.*

*As Rivera attempts to walk closer to Cornwell, her messaging device suddenly starts to buzz aggressively.*

**Asheworth:** *<inaudible>* ~~let him finish. I repeat ~~ do not *<inaudible>*!

*Rivera taps the device numerous times, putting it next to her ear.*

**Rivera:** What?! I can't hear you?!

**Asheworth:** I've put the barrier all around Living and Market Di-- *<inaudible>*; I'm currently near you from your *<inaudible>*.

**Rivera:** But what were you saying the first time?!

**Asheworth:** I said do not let him finish the ri*<inaudible>*ual! I decoded the signs and it literally means "to sacrifice rage;" he *<inaudible>* to rally them up and then literally consume their rage *<inaudible>* a vector to break the second Seal, I-- *<inaudible>*

*Silence for several seconds.*

**Rivera:** Asheworth? Asheworth?!

**Asheworth:** I repeat ~~ do not let him finish the ri*<inaudible>*! It will most likely destroy all of Es*<inaudible>*; even if you have to result to violence, do~~ *<inaudible>*.

*Further contact cannot be established.*

*Rivera walks away from the crowd, connecting into the channel linking to the other MTFs.*

**Rivera:** Command, do you read?

**Response Channel:** Yes, but there are dis*<inaudible>*tions, we-- *<inaudible>*

**Rivera:** Did you hear what Asheworth said?

**Response Channel:** Yes, do not comply. We will be there-- *<inaudible>*

**Nowak:** It is high time we take back what is rightfully ours, friends! With the power of Father  we will gain after letting him out of his prison, breaking the Five Chains guarding him, we will be free!

*Nowak pauses for a second.*

**Nowak:** Join me, friends, as we take back your forests. your bogs, your seas, and your hills! Join me, as we take it back with the power of the God that made us all the way we are! Join me, as we do it together, with no divides, no Foundations, no prisons, and no wars! Scream, my friends, for we will be free!

*The crowd screams with applause, and Nowak bows at the scene. With each increase in the sound of the roar, the circle above the crowd grows, encompassing almost the entire sky around the Living District.*

**Unknown voice:** New orders. Engage with PoI-5936 under any circumstance, even through force. Do not let the ritual be finished, even if you have to murder these people in return.

**Rivera:** W-What?

**Unknown voice:** Direct order from O5-9.

**Rivera:**  What does that mean?

*No response is given.*

**Rivera:** What does that mean?!

**Response Channel:** I'm sorry, friends.

*The response channel turns off, showing only static. As red, luminescent light starts glowing from each of the members of the crowd into the circle, all MTF units surrounding the market walk down into the crowd.*

*The circle abruptly explodes, releasing red mist everywhere in sight -- due to this, Rivera's vision is visibly obstructed. From her left, screams begin to be heard as a fire starts to take over the buildings around her. She glances at the stage, only to see Nowak quickly running away into the block surrounding the location around the area.*

*As the crowd starts to run away from the direction from which the MTF units engaged, Cornwell gets pushed into the direction it's walking in. Suddenly, Asheworth runs into Rivera from the back, grabbing her by the shoulders.*

**Asheworth:** What... the.. fuck is going on?!

**Rivera:** I... I don't... I don't--

**Asheworth:** Grab a hold of yourself, for fuck's sake! What's going on?!

**Rivera:** O5-9 suddenly ordered military engagement with the area, wanting only to capture Nowa--

*Asheworth looks around, noticing the squads coming from the left. From within their eyes, highly dense red light can be seen.*

**Asheworth:** Oh Jesus. Oh no.

**Rivera:** Wha--

**Asheworth:** It was all true. We need to get away from here.

**Rivera:** What was true?!

**Asheworth:** The murals, the~~ everything! We need to get him, now! I understand everything now, it's~~

*Asheworth notices Nowak running into one of the buildings, which appears to catch fire from the ones surrounding it. As the fog falls down upon the city, more and more screams can be heard.*

**Asheworth:** We end this, here and now.

*Asheworth grabs Rivera by her hand and takes her into the flaming building within which Nowak is located. The feed disconnects.*

**[END LOG]**

</details>

---

**The Market District:** Being the center of all trade within SCP-5373, the Market District consists mainly of an extremely large open area referred to as the Grand Market, which in turn consists almost entirely of markets, shops, and other commercial buildings. Despite the fact that almost the entire district is populated by this area, smaller agglomerations of housing units still exist, though noticeably smaller. Due to the overlap between both areas, with each year of their existence, both have been noted to lose their distinct borders more and more, with each year fusing into each other.

##blue|Should any previously unaccounted for events disrupt Project Neverland, personnel are to be reminded that the Market District is an area within which they can take cover -- due to the almost nonexistent authority patrols and the existence of an easy connection to the Sewer District, the possibility of seeking refuge within this area has been noted to be extremely easy. Paired with the fact that personnel trained with opening dimensional rifts will find such activity greatly easier due to the relative dimensional instability the region offers, the area can act as a perfect failsafe in case of an emergency.##

---

<details>
<summary>▶ Open Exploration Log 5373-5 ◀</summary>

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*Rivera is standing in the living room of a burning building, breathing quickly. Her left hand is located in the air, near which Asheworth levitates slightly above the ground, unable to move. Around him, a purple transparent bubble can be seen. His right arm is bleeding, and he is breathing heavily. Rivera's eyes are burning with a bright, purple light, with the woman being visibly tired. Her right hand is holding a pistol, pointed at Nowak, who is holding his knee in an expression of pain. From within the pistol, smoke is coming out.*

**Rivera:** Explain yourself.

**Nowak:** W-What?

**Rivera:** During that speech, I heard some reason within your voice. You have two minutes to explain yourself and your actions, here and now.

**Nowak:** I, I don't--

**Rivera:** Why? Just... why are you doing all of this?

*Nowak looks angrily at her, crawling slightly back. he touches the ground with his right hand.*

**Nowak:** Exactly why you heard me back there. You take everything from everyone. I will take it back for them, even if I had to do it through awakening gods. That's what Heaven is, at its core. I--

**Asheworth:** Liar!

**Nowak:** Oh, can you just shut up? You've already proven how faithful you are all those years ago, and I--

**Asheworth:** You *dare* to tell me--

**Rivera:** Can the both of you just shut the fuck up?! Just tell me what on earth happened between you, or I fucking swear to god I will end this here and now!

*She gasps violently, hissing in an expression of pain.*

**Asheworth:** Years ago, I was a part of his cult. I believed his cause, blinded by his words like an utter idiot...

*Asheworth pauses.*

**Asheworth:** I rose through the ranks quickly and with relative ease, eventually ending up as one of the leaders of it, even finding love in one of my friends. Natalie. Her name was Natalie. 

*Asheworth sighs, scratching his eye in the process.*

**Asheworth:** Then, one night, he discovered *something*. Something so big we needed to execute the ritual to do it immediately. Ignoring everything else. 

**Nowak:** That night, I found Father. He spoke to me, telling me to contact him in any way possible. He told me he'll help us. And so I did. I initiated a portal through which we could speak normally. And then he and his little lover tried to murder me, betraying everything we--

**Asheworth:** What?! You dare to tell me *I* attacked you?! After being the conduit for the goddamned ritual, *you* tried to murder *me*! I survived solely because... because, she... she--

**Nowak:** Yes, because I killed her! You and her wanted to kill everyone there, trying to end everything we worked so hard to accomplish, I--

**Asheworth:** No!

*With two moves of his hands, Asheworth breaks from the bubble, materializing a flame within his hand. He rushed to Nowak, but is immediately stopped by another invisible wall. Rivera screams, trying to hold him back.*

**Rivera:** No! Stop! I--

*Asheworth screams, charging at the other man, snapping his fingers. The flame around his fingers moves quickly, attempting to locate Nowak, which violently dashes backward in an attempt to dodge the attack.*

*Doing so, the floor beneath him collapses, revealing a large, orange circle, which entirely consumes Nowak. He grins angrily, and looks at Asheworth.*

**Nowak:** Two seals down, three to go.

*As the portal closes, Rivera falls to the ground, unable to sustain Asheworth's prison any longer. She holds her head in her hands and starts to weep. The thaumaturge falls on the floor, quickly standing up.*

**Rivera:** I.. I'm.. I'm sorry, I... I tried, I wanted to... I... he sounded reasonable, I just... he escaped, again and I... I... 

**Asheworth:** It's... *<sigh>* It's okay. I don't fault you for wanting to see good in people.

*He comes near her, trying hugging her in the process.*

**Asheworth:** But I will say this -- I assure you this will be the last time he will ever escape.

*Rivera looks directly into Asheworth's face.*

**Rivera:** W-What? Why?

**Asheworth:** Because this time, I know where he's going.

**[END LOG]**

</details>

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>▶ Open Footnotes ◀</summary>

</details>

---

---

]

---

<< [SCP-5372](SCP-5372) | SCP-5373 | [SCP-5374](SCP-5374) >>

=====

> **Filename:** ontologonew

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

> **Source Link:** [link](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/desk-of-junior-designer-s-yvonne)

> **Name of the file:** godel-icon.svg

> **Source:** [link](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/itsdenalis-personnel-file)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Author:** .

> **Name of the file:** graffiti.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/7f19a53e-c84e-461d-94dd-1f00e65e2322)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0 

> **Author:** [Cold, Indrid](https://www.flickr.com/photos/29442760@N00)

> **Name of the file:** thing2.png

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/377ac043-d0fd-429c-ada7-390a76d1d86f)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0 

> **Author:** [r. nial bradshaw](https://www.flickr.com/photos/33227787@N05)

> **Name of the file:** sewer.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/bfd91ae9-4a03-436f-93e4-4d2157524652)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Author:** [Dominic Alves](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/?ref=ccsearch&atype=rich)

> **Name of the file:** temple.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/215f6e18-0315-4e44-82ae-932a7a78d24c)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Author:** [Bert Kaufmann](https://www.flickr.com/photos/22746515@N02)

> **Name of the file:** lake.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/29cbb3aa-2715-4a63-95ec-63ff8773e271)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Author:** [dreamingofariz](https://www.flickr.com/photos/62399463@N00)

> **Name of the file:** houses.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/a7c2f7b8-d926-4948-9a5f-17538717ab88)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Author:** [Dimitry B.](https://www.flickr.com/photos/61533954@N00)

> **Name of the file:** markety.jpg

> **Source:** [link](https://search.creativecommons.org/photos/a7c2f7b8-d926-4948-9a5f-17538717ab88)

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Author:** [Omar](https://www.flickr.com/photos/69311043@N06)

=====
