@@ @@

**SCP-5106 "Goosed" by:** 

@@ @@

### [★ DrAkimoto's Author Page ★](http://www.scp-wiki.net/drakimoto-s-author-page)

Crit Credit: , , 

@@@@

#### **Special Containment Procedures**

Foundation WebCrawler Galileo.aic is to continuously monitor law enforcement agencies within the migratory path of the Canada Goose for increased reports of petty theft and other SCP-5106 related activities. Galileo.aic is also tasked with monitoring social media and video-sharing platforms for any mention of SCP-5106, or its associated activity. All evidence is to be discredited or removed, and all direct witnesses are to be amnesticized.

If SCP-5106 is located, a joint task force comprised of [MTF Eta-4 ("Begone Thoth")](http://www.scpwiki.com/task-forces) and MTF Victor-17 (“Nature Boys”) members is to track and attempt to contain the anomaly.

#### **Description**

SCP-5106 is an avian entity resembling a Canada Goose (*Branta canadensis*), capable of communication in fluent English. SCP-5106 has heightened intelligence, though the extent of its cognitive capabilities is unknown. SCP-5106 displays a rudimentary understanding of subterfuge, slang terminology, interpersonal relations, and the barter system.

SCP-5106 is capable of commanding non-anomalous fauna to follow basic commands. It is unknown whether SCP-5106 uses some form of anomalous influence or if faunae follow the orders of their own volition. Though the full extent of this ability is unknown, SCP-5106 seems incapable of using it to affect humans and other species of higher intellect.

#### **Discovery**

SCP-5106 was initially discovered by civilians within Cattus Island State Park in Toms River, New Jersey. Following a drastic increase in theft-related incident reports, patrons of the park began reporting strange behavior in the local avian population. On 2020/08/13, a video depicting SCP-5106 related activity was uploaded to the media-sharing platform YouTube. The following is a transcript of the aforementioned video evidence which was flagged and transcribed by Galileo.aic:

<details>
<summary>❏ Video Log 5106/1 ❏</summary>

**Date:** 2020/08/13

**Depicted:** Carlos Vega (M 18), Randall White (M 19)

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*[Carlos Vega is walking in front of the camera through a dimly lit playground.]*

**Carlos:** Man, when you said we was goin' to see the birds, this isn't what I thought you meant.

**Randall:** Nah dude, I told you, the birds sold me this camera.

**Carlos:** The fuck you mean though?

**Randall:** I was eating lunch with Daniele over there. *[Randall points around the camera toward a pavilion in the distance]* and a fuckin' goose came up offering to sell us an iPhone, and I didn–

**Carlos:** How's a goose offering you shit, bro? You trippin'.

**Randall:** 'Ight, bet. You'll see when we get there. 

**Carlos:** Yeah, I'll see you're dumb as fuck.

**Randall:** Over here, this way.

*[The two men walk through tall underbrush and several trees until they reach a small clearing.]*

**Randall:** *[Speaking loudly.]* Hey man, it's uh, it's me again. I brought my boy to come see you.

**Unknown:** Check em!

*[Several dozen squirrels emerge from the treeline and encircle Carlos and Randall.]*

**Carlos:** The fuck man, what are the– back the fuck up!

**Randall:** It's cool, they're just checkin' us out.

*[The squirrels can be seen running over the two men and checking their pockets, waistbands, and ankles. After removing a pocket knife from Carlos's left sock, the squirrels retreat back into the trees.]*

**Carlos:** On some real shit– did I just get robbed by a bunch of squirrels?

**Randall:** I don–

**SCP-5106:** Don't worry, they'll give it back when we're done with our transaction.

*[SCP-5106 is seen entering the clearing encircled by eight Canadian geese.]*

**SCP-5106:** How can we help you, boys?

*[Several of the geese honk in the two men's direction. Carlos is visible confused.]*

**Carlos:** I, uh– I...

**Randall:** Yeah we wanted to do some business with you, ma– you got a name bro?

**SCP-5106:** Yeah, I got one. But you can call me Don, kid.

**Carlos:** My man, what was in the blunt before, this goose just– Is this for real?

**SCP-5106:** Oh we got wise guy, huh? *Your boy* is eyein' me hard– he better quit gawkin' before *my* boys get squawkin'.

*[Several of the geese flap their wings and honk in response]*

**Randall:** Nah Don, we cool– right C.

*[Randall nudges Carlos.]*

**Carlos:** Uh– yeah, we good.

*[SCP-5106 and its accompanying geese walk several meters closer to the two men.]*

**SCP-5106:** We've been here too long, what do you want?

**Randall:** My boy needs a new phone.

*[SCP-5106 extends its neck towards Carlos and inspects him.]*

**SCP-5106:** Android or iPhone?

**Carlos:** Uh– Android.

*[SCP-5106 turns its head toward Randall.]*

**SCP-5106:** You got the bread?

*[Randall holds a stuffed manila envelope toward SCP-5106.]*

**Randall:** Five big ones, just like you said.

**Carlos:** 500? Bro, that's a lot of doe, wher–

**Randall:** Don't worry man, Ma gave it to me.

**SCP-5106:** Flaps, go get it.

*[One of the geese flies into the treeline. It returns approximately one minute later carrying a plastic shopping bag in its beak.]*

**SCP-5106:** Galaxy S20. 

*[The goose drops the plastic bag at Carlos's feet before waddling back to SCP-5106.]*

**Carlos:** Yeah, okay.

*[Randall makes an exaggerated coughing noise.]*

**Carlos:** I mean– good looks man, thanks.

**SCP-5106:** Yeah, just pay up and scram– we've wasted enough time on you already.

*[Randall opens the envelope revealing five slices of marble rye bread; he gently removes them from the envelope. Randall rips the bread into small chunks and spreads them on the ground. SCP-5106 and the other geese honk and flap their wings; in unison, they swarm and consume the bread pieces. After finishing the bread, SCP-5106 and its geese fly away.]*

**Carlos:** That– that was some, I don't ev– who the fuck's gonna believe this shit.

*[Randall shakes the camera towards Carlos.]*

**Randall:** Everyone, man, I got that shit on here.

*[The two men walk out of the clearing and back through the underbrush.]* 

**Carlos:** Yeah but, even on film, I don't know if I'd believe that shit– and I was there, man.

**Randall:** Yeah, we'll see.

**[END LOG]**

</details>

Following a brief investigation to confirm anomalous activity, the Foundation deployed a two-man detachment of MTF Victor-17 with a five-member avian pursuit team as support. The following is a transcript of their encounter:

<details>
<summary>❏ Video Log 5106/2 ❏</summary>

**Date:** 2020/08/18 

**Depicted:** Agent Lazzo Finch, Agent Dillon Crane, Site-51 Avian Unit 3

**Foreword:** The agents set a live animal trap rigged with rye bread within the clearing SCP-5106 was previously encountered in. Finch and Crane are to remain hidden in the tree line for SCP-5106 to appear, at which time it will be tranquilized. Avian Unit 3 will remain on standby within the treetop and will pursue SCP-5106 if it attempts to escape.

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*[Agents Finch and Crane are crouched in the underbrush facing towards SCP-5106's clearing.]*

**Finch:** How long is this gonna take? Do you think they're on to us, Crane?

**Crane:** No, I don't think so, the bird unit hasn't noted any movement.

**Finch:** Maybe they're off trying to sell people stolen junk.

*[Both agents laugh.]*

**Crane:** What a fuckin job. 

**Finch:** You can say that again. Shit, this is probably one of the least weird cases we've had in months.

**Crane:** Yeah, I know– 

**Finch:** Shhh. Look, over there.

*[Finch points towards the western end of the clearing, movement can be seen in the underbrush. A total of 14 geese exit the tree line and enter the clearing.]*

**Crane:** That trap isn't holding all of them. How many tranq rounds do we have?

**Finch:** Five.

**Crane:** Shit, run back to the truck, grab another case of rounds. And be quick about it, we don't want them getting spooked.

**Finch:** You got it.

*[Finch crawls through the brush for several meters before standing and running towards the truck.]*

**Finch:** Just cause he's old as shit I gotta do the grunt work–

*[Agent Finch stops several meters from the truck, the back doors are open and a large quantity of geese footprints can be seen on the ground. Finch quickly sprints to the back end of the truck and looks inside.]*

**Finch:** *[Over radio.]* Uh, Crane, we got a problem.

*[The truck previously filled with various equipment is now empty; the five parrots composing Avian Unit 3 are unconscious and bound together with vines.]*

**Crane:** *[Over radio.]* Hurry up, I think they're on to us.

**Finch:** *[Over radio.]* Avian Unit 3 is down, and I– I think we've been robbed. 

*[Finch unties the unconscious parrots.]*

**Crane:** *[Over radio.]* What?

**Finch:** *[Over radio.]* All of our equipment is gone!

**Crane:** *[Over radio.]* Those little fucks! Get back here.

**Finch:** *[Over radio.]* Coming.

**Crane:** *[Over radio.]* I'm sending a backup request to command.

*[Agent Finch sprints back to Crane.]*

**Finch** What's the plan?

**Crane:** We don't even know if one of them is the one we need. If we scare them off we won't have a pursuit team.

**Finch:** Why don't one of us wait here and the other go out there and try talking to them? If one of them answers we shoot that one with the tranq.

**Crane:** Since backup is 40 minutes out, it's worth a shot.

**Finch:** OK, take this.

*[Agent Finch hands Crane the tranquilizer rifle. Finch stands and walks into the clearing.]*

**Finch:** Okay, guys, looks like we got off on the wrong foot, how about we just talk this out?

*[The geese immediately face Finch and begin to honk.]*

**Finch:** I know at least one of you can talk– let's just work this out.

**SCP-5106:** I think this has worked out just fine for us.

**Crane:** Finch, I can't tell which one is talking– you gotta get it to step out of the group.

**Finch:** As far as I can tell you're a business ma– goose, so let's do business.

*[One of the geese steps from the group, a black rectangular object can be seen on its back.]*

**SCP-5106:** Okay then, let's make a de–

*[Crane fires two tranquilizer rounds into the goose after several seconds of stumbling the goose falls to the ground. The remaining geese fly away in response.]*

**Crane:** Got it.

*[Crane exits the treeline and the two Agents approach the fallen goose.]*

**SCP-5106:** Only thing you got was played! *[Various honks can be heard in the background.]*

**Finch:** What the fuck...

*[Finch pushes the goose over revealing a Foundation issued handheld radio attached to its back. Honking can be heard from above. The two Agents look up in time to see a Foundation issue electrified capture net falling on them.]*

**Crane:** Ah shit.

**[END LOG]**

---

</details>

Containment Team Alpha 4 arrived within a half-hour; the two MTF Victor-17 agents were discovered unconscious within the clearing. The entirety of Cattus Island State Park's Goose population, as well as SCP-5106, could no longer be located. The tracking devices within the stolen Foundation equipment were found in a trashcan within the park. The Foundation Parazoology Division is currently formulating possible migration patterns for SCP-5106 and its flock.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-5105](SCP-5105) | SCP-5106 | [SCP-5107](SCP-5107) >>

=====
