**Item #:** SCP-5163

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5163 is to be kept in a Standard Containment Locker within Site-73. Any requests that involve the handling or removal of the object of its containment must be authorized by the Site Director. When handling SCP-5163, personnel should wear protective gloves and ensure that their skin does not come into contact with the object. In case personnel (accidentally or not) touch SCP-5163, they are to be administered amnestics and isolated for observation. Affected personnel are to be restored to their positions only when/if they no longer present significant symptoms of SCP-5163’s effects.

**Description:** SCP-5163 appears to be a teddy bear measuring approximately 26 cm in height with creamy white fur and light blue details. When a human makes physical contact with SCP-5163, the subject will instantly develop a certain level of emotional attachment to the object. The intensity of this effect and the way it manifests in each victim varies, however, it often causes the subjects to consider SCP-5163 as something of extreme importance to themselves. The use of amnestics has proven to be relatively effective in healing affected subjects, although in a few cases, individuals developed symptoms of depression after the amnesticization. No other anomalous properties were observed.

**Discovery:** SCP-5163 was acquired by the Foundation on 29/04/2009 when a group of 3 field agents who were working on an unrelated assignment accidentally found the object in an abandoned house in a rural zone of Texas, which they were occupying during the days needed to complete their duties. After installing surveillance cameras in and outside the house, Agent Nicholas Campbell noticed SCP-5163 on a table inside a room of the house. The object was above a piece of paper, which caught his attention. After grabbing the object to get the paper, Agent Nicholas immediately began to act unusually due to the effects of SCP-5163. The following is the transcript of the video record during the incident.

<details>
<summary>+ Video Log 5163-001</summary>

> *Upon grabbing the object, Agent Nicholas starts smiling and staring at it. He then begins to rub the object against his face.*

> 

> **Agent Coulson:** Nick? What the hell you doing, man?

> 

> **Agent Nicholas:** C'mon, just look at it, Coulson! Isn’t this little boy the cutest thing ever? I can’t leave it here alone. That’s it. I'll carry this little guy with me for the rest of our mission and take it home later. His name will be Kenny!

> 

> **Agent Reynolds:** Huh? Have you lost your mind? We've got no time to waste here. Did you forget that SCP-███ escaped? Just throw this damn bear away and focus on the mission. This isn't funny.

> 

> **Agent Nicholas:** I'm not getting it... Would you really abandon something this precious in such an isolated and dangerous place? Jesus, you guys are crueler than I thought.

> 

> **Agent Coulson:** You can’t be serious. What are you? A child? Let me get rid of this stupid toy for you.

> 

> *Agent Coulson then approaches Agent Nicholas and slaps the object out of his hands.*

> 

> **Agent Nicholas:** *(yelling)* Coulson, you son of a bitch! How can you treat my dear friend Kenny like this? You'd better start explaining yourself RIGHT NOW!

> 

> **Agent Coulson:** Wait a minute... You are right. Oh my god... What have I done? I am so ashamed now. I'll never forgive myself for this.

> 

> **Agent Nicholas:** I won’t forgive you either, Coulson!!

> 

> *Nicholas then proceeds to punch Coulson, who doesn’t react and falls to the ground. Agent Reynolds then holds back Nicholas, preventing him from causing more harm to Coulson.*

>    

> **Agent Reynolds:** You too, Coulson??  Are you guys really fighting over a damn teddy bear? Pretty sure you both will get fired if our superiors find out.

> 

> **Agent Nicholas:** This “damn teddy bear” is my best friend now! I don’t care if I get fired because of it, Reynolds. I can’t forgive Coulson for hurting him like that! Just let go of me, I wanna kill that bastard!!

> 

> **Agent Coulson:** Yeah, he's right, Reynolds. I can’t live knowing that I caused harm to my precious friend, who means the world to me. I actually no longer care about my life, so go just go ahead and kill me guys... Do justice for our dear Kenny.

> 

> *Agent Coulson remains lying on the ground, seemingly depressed.*

> 

> **Agent Reynolds:** I'm sorry, guys, but I can’t allow this situation to continue.

> 

> *At this point, Agent Reynolds applies a sedative to Agent Nicholas, who soon falls unconscious.*

> 

> **Agent Reynolds:** Coulson, I hope I won't need to do the same to you. I think we're dealing with something anomalous here. I'm gonna ask for reinforcements.

> 

> *Agent Reynolds then contacts the Foundation and explains the situation, while Agent Coulson doesn't show any changes in his behavior. 25 minutes later, a few Foundation's Agents arrive at the location. Agents Nicholas Campbell and Coulson Jones were both treated with amnestics and removed from their mission for observation and a psychological evaluation, being replaced by 2 other Agents, while SCP-5163 was contained without further incidents.*

</details>

**Addendum 1:** Agent Nicholas Campbell was deemed free of any effects regarding SCP-5163 on 25/08/2013, after stating that he no longer feels anything unusual. Agent Coulson Jones, however, still claims to feel an "unexplainable emptiness", evidencing that SCP-5163's effects affect individuals differently. Nonetheless, both Agents are currently able to perform their duties without any significant problems.

**Addendum 2:** The piece of paper found together with the object had the following writing by an unknown individual:

*This is what I can provide for the ones who have nothing anymore. For the people who lost their way. The ones who feel empty. Those who gave up. At least something to give meaning to your lives.*

*Enjoy!*

<< [SCP-5162](SCP-5162) | SCP-5163 | [SCP-5164](SCP-5164) >>

> **Filename:** Teddybear.jpeg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/SCP-5163)
