**Item #:** SCP-5427

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Carried out under the guise of enviromental conservation, the cliffs affected by SCP-5427 are to be regularly sprayed with erosion agents via boat and should any change in the effect of SCP-5427 on the cliffs be recorded, these erosion efforts are to be halted to enable observation. Publicly, storms caused by SCP-5427 are to be attributed to unique seabed formations in the Strait of Dover.

**Description:** SCP-5427 is a phenomenon - which started in 1950 - regarding periodic oddities in localized weather and its effects on a 13km stretch of chalk cliffs off of the coast of Kent, England. During the phenomenon a thick fog with no apparent cause will form around the edge of the coastline in the region; at the same time the coastal tide will intensify greatly, producing waves reaching heights of up to 300 meters despite no geological support for such tides. The resulting 'storm' may last anywhere between a few hours and 3 weeks and will deposit vast amounts of pure chalk sediment onto the coastline which will in turn quickly solidify and merge with the existing cliff-face. Due to this the coastline in the region expands at an extremely-high rate of 20-40 meters per month; if the phenomenon is allowed to occur uninterruptedly, only the forward facing/original cliffs will be affected. This produces a narrow land bridge growing directly toward Calais, France.

**Addendum:**

Annual Archive of SCP-5427 activity and its effects

> 

> **Observation Report Jan 1 1951:** No alteration to the usual occurrence and effects.

> **Expansion before operation:** 26 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** N/A

> 

> 

> **Observation Report Jan 1 1952:** No alteration to the usual occurrence and effects.

> **Expansion before operation:** 32 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** N/A

> 

> 

> **Observation Report Jan 1 1953:** No alteration to the usual occurrence and effects.

> **Expansion before operation:** 30 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** N/A

> 

> 

> **Observation Report Jan 1 1954:** No alteration to the usual occurrence and effects.

> **Expansion before operation:** 24 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** N/A

> 

> 

> **Observation Report Jan 1 1955:** No alteration to the usual occurrence and effects.

> **Expansion before operation:** 32 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** N/A

> 

> 

> **Observation Report Jan 1 1956:** No alteration to the usual occurrence and effects.

> **Expansion before operation:** 39 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** N/A

> 

> 

> **Observation Report Jan 1 1957:** Slight alteration to usual occurrence and effects.

> **Expansion before operation:** 60 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** Increase of activity, corrosion efforts paused for one week to allow for observation.

> 

> 

> **Observation Report Jan 1 1958:** No alteration to the usual occurrence and effects.

> **Expansion before operation:** 67 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** Activity has stayed at a higher rate than previous years for the last twelve months -adopted as new norm.

> 

> 

> **Observation Report Jan 1 1959:** No alteration to the usual occurrence and effects.

> **Expansion before operation:** 70 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** N/A

> 

> 

> **Observation Report Jan 1 1960:** Major change to occurrence and effects.

> **Expansion before operation:** 0 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** Steady decrease in average activity along the coastline over the last few weeks, major increase in one section of the coastline but with little to no expansion toward sea. Erosion efforts ceased.

> 

>  

> **Subsequent Reports:**

> 

> Jan 2 1960 - A small ship has been run-aground by cliff expansion under the surface of the water, the hull has been covered in rock.

> 

> 

> Jan 3 1960 - Expansion has ceased, fog is rolling in and clearing up daily.

> 

> Jan 6 1960 - It has been noticed that the international alphabet flags present on the boat have been changing every time the fog comes and goes, recording of the flags present has begun.

> 

> Jan 6 1960 - Lima

> 

> Jan 7 1960 - Oscar

> 

> Jan 8 1960 - November 

> 

> Jan 9 1960 - Echo

> 

> Jan 10 1960 - Lima

> 

> Jan 11 1960 - Yankee

> 

> Jan 12 1960 - Sierra

> 

> Jan 13 1960 - Tango

> 

> Jan 14 1960 - Oscar

> 

> Jan 15 1960 - Papa

> 

> Jan 16 1960 - India

> 

> Jan 17 1960 - Tango

> 

> Jan 18 1960 - Papa

> 

> Jan 19 1960 - Lima

> 

> Jan 20 1960 - Echo

> 

> Jan 21 1960 - Alfa

> 

> Jan 22 1960 - Sierra

> 

> Jan 23 1960 - Echo

>

> **Observation Report Jan 24 1960:** Major change to occurrence and effects.

> 

> **Notes:** New behaviors have ceased, expansion along the coastline has restarted.

> **Observation Report Feb 24 1960:** No changes to occurrence and effects.

> 

> **Notes:** Coastline has expanded 600 meters across the strait.

---

Incident Report 5427-1: 

**Date:** Feb 27 1960

**Event:** Series of massive waves similar to that of the SCP-5427 phenomenon generated off of the coast of Calais, France. The waves directly impacted the cliffs and caused massive deterioration. Cover up operation is ongoing. 

<< [SCP-5426](SCP-5426) | SCP-5427 | [SCP-5428](SCP-5428) >>
