= [Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/bread-tyrant-authorpage)

**Item #:** SCP-5361

**Object Class:** Neutralised

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation web crawlers were to monitor UK weather agencies and other media outlets reporting on abnormal weather patterns detected to be as a result of SCP-5361-1, suppressing this information from public view. 

SCP-5361-1 was prepared to be contained within a *corporeal entity containment chamber* at Site-301, with a Faraday cage constructed around the unit. The activity of SCP-5361-1 was to be monitored at all times. If SCP-5361-1 began to dematerialise, an inbuilt SRA would be activated.

As of 20/6/2021, SCP-5361 and -1 are considered neutralised.

**Description:** SCP-5361 were a series of weather phenomena that occurred based on the emotional state of SCP-5361-1, a humanoid entity, superficially resembling the late Doctor Fordham who died on 27/5/2021. 

SCP-5361-1 produced an intermittent antimemetic effect on subjects viewing it and would manifest at a variable time at a variable location within the UK before beginning to wander without direction. After travelling for roughly 2 hours, SCP-5361-1 would dematerialise. SCP-5361-1 was not affected by outside stimuli, capable of walking through solid surfaces and would ignore any attempts at communication. 

As of 20/6/2021 SCP-5361-1 has yet to manifest again.

**Addendum.1:** Below are a series of text messages between Doctor Roberts and the late Doctor Fordham.

<details>
<summary>+ 25/05/2021</summary>

**25/05/2021 at 11:43**

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Not long till you're back now

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I can't wait for us to finally spend some time together

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I can't wait either

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Only a few days left on this project

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** And it's just in time for your birthday as well

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** We have to make this one extra special then

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** You know what else is coming up?

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Hmmm I wonder what? 

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Nope, my calendar is completely empty ;)

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** You and your jokes lol

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** It will be our 3 year anniversary

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Oh I must have forgotten 

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** :(

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I'm messing with you

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Of course I remembered 

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I still remember that little work get together all those years ago

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Ah yes

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** When I first asked you out

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Good times

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I still reminisce about the old days

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** When things were much simpler

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I miss them as well

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** But the promotion allowed us to buy that new house we always wanted

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Opened up a lot of doors as well

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I know

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I just wish we had more time

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** We will soon enough

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I hope so

**25/05/2021 at 11:45**

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Looks like it's time for me to head off now

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Will text you later

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Bye

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Good bye

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ 27/05/2021</summary>

**27/05/2021 at 12:27**

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Yay

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Coming back home today just in time for your birthday

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I brought you your favourite

**27/05/2021 at 12:29**

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Hey?

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** So when are you back home?

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Something's come up

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** ?

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Well Simon said that there's a potential promotion up for grabs if I decide to stay a little longer

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** What do you mean by staying a little longer?

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Well there is the whole tracking, observing and studying stuff and then all the paperwork has to be entered onto the database

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** It's a very tedious process, but you get the extra money and it could lead to a higher paying position

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Is this not a steady enough job for you at the moment

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** You might not even get it and it will just be more time wasted, when you could be home

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** We could always use the extra money

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Go on that holiday we always wanted

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Get a new car and stuff like that with the job

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** That's all well and good

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** But is it all worth it if you're always away on some research trip and never here

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** It would be nice to finally spend a bit of time together

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** We can have all the time in the world

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** It's just that moving up the ranks would benefit us

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Just imagine

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** When will it stop though

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I though this is what you wanted

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** A stable job

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Money for us

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I'm doing this for us

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** But what's the point if we can't enjoy our life together

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** It's always about work

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Ever since we first got together

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** It's just another week or so

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Yes, but when will it end

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Every time you come home from your latest trip out of the country

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** You're immediately off the next day to some other place

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I'm trying okay

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Balancing this job and still having time for us is frustrating

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I just want to get it over and done with so things can go back to being about us

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Is that not what you wanted? For us to be happy

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Is that what you want Jeffery?

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Well

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** It's complicated

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** You're tiring yourself out for a job that you're not happy with

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Who says I'm not happy

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I'm happy because in the end it will all be worth it

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** To live our best lives together

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I think we need to figure out what's important to the both of us

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** This relationship

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Or our work lives

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I mean what did you think this job would do?

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I had never really thought it through

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Why?

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Because you didn't think it would be successful

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** No

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Because I didn't think that it would mean you'd be away for so long

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Do you not think I can get the promotion or something

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** It's not like that

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I just don't want you to be disappointed in yourself again like last time

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** What happened last time won't happen again

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** You can trust me

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Just a little more time for what's most important to me right now

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I think the both of us need a break from it all

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** Figure out this whole life thing if we want to keep this relationship going

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I'm going to stay round my sister's for a bit

**##blue|Dr. Roberts##:** I can't stand being in this house alone without you

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Hey?

**27/05/2021 at 12:31**

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Hey

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I didn't mean it like that

**27/05/2021 at 12:34**

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Hey?

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** You there?

**27/05/2021 at 12:37**

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I don't need this right now ok

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** I'm stressed

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** See you in a couple days then

**##green|Dr. Fordham##:** Goodbye

</details>

Roughly 2 hours later, Doctor Fordham was killed during a head on collision after the Foundation vehicle swerved off the road and hit a civilian vehicle. Doctor Fordham was situated in the front passenger seat.

Upon hearing what had occured, Doctor Roberts was allowed a week off work for grieving purposes.

**Addendum.2:** Roughly 2 weeks after its discovery, Doctor Roberts was informed about the manifestation of SCP-5361-1. Doctor Roberts applied for a test to be conducted on SCP-5361-1. This application was approved.

**Date:** 20/6/2021

**Procedure:** Dr. Roberts would make contact with SCP-5361-1 and attempt to communicate with the entity.

**Purpose:** To test whether SCP-5361-1 will react when presented with a person of interest from Dr. Fordham's life.

**Results:** While SCP-5361-1 had begun to walk down an alley, Dr. Roberts rounded the corner and stood in front of SCP-5361-1. SCP-5361-1 proceeded to tilt its head downwards to observe Dr. Roberts, before they both embraced each other in a hug. SCP-5361-1 then proceeded to dematerialise.

**Note:** After a prolonged absence of SCP-5361-1 once the test had concluded, the item was reclassified as neutralised.

<< [SCP-5360](SCP-5360) | SCP-5361 | [SCP-5362](SCP-5362) >>
