=====

=====

.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}

.more-by-calibold .collapsible-block-unfolded-link a, .more-by-calibold .collapsible-block-folded a {

    font-weight: bold;

}

.more-by-calibold {

    font-size: 75%;

}

.more-by-calibold .page-rate-widget-box {

    font-size: 133%;

}

.page-rate-widget-box {

    margin-right: 0px;

}

**%%title%% -- %%content{4}%%**

**[Crat26's Author Page](Crat26)**

**[Calibold's Mega Cool Author Page](Calibri Bold's Mega Cool Author Page)**

**Item #:** SCP-5500

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** As the conditions required to perceive SCP-5500 typically result in death from non-anomalous causes, containment is not required.

**Description:** SCP-5500 is a melody of unknown origin which is heard when exposed to a vacuum. Initially suspected to be an auditory hallucination upon imminent death, further testing revealed that the melody remains consistent between witnesses. SCP-5500 is undetectable using sensory equipment.

Research on SCP-5500 was conducted by Site-04 staff and Foundation musicologist Michael Newhill. Site-04 Research and Development constructed a headset designed to safely expose the ears to a vacuum state while scanning brain activity to determine when SCP-5500 was being heard.

The test was conducted multiple times, through which SCP-5500 was able to be identified. Newhill was able to reconstruct portions of the melody from memory; one such reconstruction is included below.

**Addendum 5500.1:** During the fourth test with SCP-5500, Newhill interfered with the procedure atypically; a log of the incident is below.

*00:00 --* Test begins.

*00:15 --* Decompression begins.

*12:43 --* Vacuum state reached; SCP-5500 begins.

*12:49 --* **Newhill:** Hello?

*12:51 --* SCP-5500 ceases abruptly.

During subsequent tests, Newhill has been unable to hear SCP-5500.

<< [SCP-5499](SCP-5499) | SCP-5500 | [SCP-5501](SCP-5501) >>

=====

E is for the End

=====

> **Filename:** https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/calibri-bold-s-mega-cool-author-page/endoftheuniversepart2

> **Name:** endoftheuniversepart2

> **Author:** Crat, Calibold

> **License:** CC-by-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/calibri-bold-s-mega-cool-author-page/endoftheuniversepart2
