= **SCP-5404** - ~~**##red|Linguistic Minefield##**~~ Boom-Boom Words by 

---

**[More by this author](peppersghost)**

~~**##red|Item #: SCP-5404##**~~

~~**##red|Object Class: Keter##**~~

**How To Make Safe:** Please ~~**##red|do not talk##**~~ about ~~**##red|SCP-5404##**~~ ("boom-boom words"). No making words about boom-boom words on computers or not-computers. 

In the time that is now, we are not having smart-knowing about which words go boom-boom. To keep everyone being safely alive, please make not normal ~~**##red|talk##**~~ style. 

Words and bunches of words that are in red are known to go boom-boom. Remember to never ever assemble them.

Remember to always make **two** "boom-boom" with an in-between hyphen. Other styles of making this meaning will go boom-boom.

*New Thing:* Sometimes safe is made to not be safe. Always test with boom-boom computer.

**What It Is:** "Boom-Boom ~~**##red|words##**~~" ("letter-clusters") is a thing that makes some bunches of letter-clusters make a boom-boom when you put some letter-clusters by other letter-clusters, but only when the thing you are making about is boom-boom letter-clusters themselves. Sometimes just a single cluster of letters will go boom-boom.

Only when making mouth sounds or making symbol mouth sounds will letter clusters go boom-boom. Reproducing old before-times mouth sound records is safe, but only goes ~~**##red|a certain amount##**~~ of safety. All Foundation computer-symbol letter-clusters are saved right at the time of making, so if you see red bunches of letter-clusters, it means mistake happened. 

---

**Trying-Things-Out Log:** We have computer arms make button-hits on computer letters to try out what makes boom-boom. What you can look at under this is just a small bunch for example to show how not-safe boom-boom letter-clusters are. 

| Thing to make happen | Happened? |
| --- | --- |
| ~**##red|special containment procedures##**~~ | = Bad |
| ~**##red|s pec ial conta inment proced  ures##**~~ | = Bad |
| ~**##red|$p3cial c0ntainm3nt pr8cedure5##**~~ | = Bad |
| spesh cont pro | = **Good**Letter-cluster style gave struggle. |
| ~**##red|ecialspay ontainmentcay ocedurespray##**~~ | = Bad Maybe looks like meaning-tied? Intention? |
| ~**##red|explosive##**~~ | = Bad |
| word | = **Good** |
| ~**##red|sentence##**~~ | = Bad |
| ~**##red|detonate##**~~ | = Bad |
| ~**##red|boom##**~~ | = Bad |
| boom-boom | = **Good** |
| ~**##red|be careful##**~~ | = Bad |
| be making safe | = **Good** |
| ~**##red|word##**~~ | = BadGood before, bad now. Be making safe. |
---

**More Thing:** 

> Boom-boom letter clusters made by don't-like-us group. New styles of boom-boom letter clusters keep happening. It gets more bad again and again. 

> 

> If boom-boom letter-clusters started to happen when making mouth-sounds about things that aren't boom-boom letter-clusters, **world could boom-boom.** 

> 

> The Big In-Charge Group has made it happen that trying-things-out and looking-into must keep being happen to stop don't-like-us group and safely keep world not being boom-boom. 

> 

> They make unlikely demands. Tiamat is maybe. For the now-time, ~~**##red|[Eshu](taboo)##**~~ stands. 

> 

> We keep-out. We keep-in. We keep-safe.

> 

> **Big In-Charge Group #08**

Peppo Jamcon 2020 

« [SCP-5155](SCP-5155) | SCP-5404 | [SCP-5031](SCP-5031) >>

<< [SCP-5403](SCP-5403) | SCP-5404 | [SCP-5405](SCP-5405) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
