---

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~Protocol 5357~~ Protocol 5357-B has been developed, enacted, and is continuously upheld.

---

**Description:** SCP-5357 was an anomalous strain of orthohantavirus first discovered in November of 1949 in Alberta, Canada. SCP-5357 was originally found to be infecting *Rattus norvegicus* and *Rattus rattus* Brown and Black rats, respectively.  near the eastern border of the province. By early 1950, SCP-5357 had spread to human populations in the same area. Infected specimens were thought to originate in western Saskatchewan, though an exact location was never determined.

SCP-5357 utilized similar transmission vectors as other orthohantaviruses. Breathing in air that has been contaminated with urine, saliva, and feces.  Infected rats did not display any signs of disease and appeared to remain unaffected by the virus. When a human was infected, typical symptoms such as sweating, fever, and runny nose would develop within one to two days. Despite treatment, the infected subject's condition would continue to degrade until they typically passed away after approximately one week. In the hours following brain death, a mischief Terminology for a group of rats.  of approximately 10-12 brown and black rats would attempt to escape from the corpse's abdominal cavity. Testing revealed that each resulting rat was infected with SCP-5357.

---

**Neutralization:** Upon designation of SCP-5357, MTF-5357 ("Pest Control") was assigned to track the movement of infected rats throughout the province and to respond to reported cases. By the summer of 1953, SCP-5357 was determined to have begun spreading toward more central areas of the region. Foundation measures were inadequate to contain the outbreak due to the exponential rate at which infected rats would multiply. In veiled cooperation with the local government, the task force was absorbed as the "Association of Alberta Agricultural Fieldmen", or AAAF. Later that year, the AAAF enacted Protocol 5357.

---

<details>
<summary>Open Protocol 5357</summary>

> 

> ++ Protocol 5357

> +++++ Action Plan to Minimize Transmission of SCP-5357 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> 

> The central-east region of Alberta, Canada, including the immediate eastern border, has been divided into seven municipalities. One Foundation-affiliated AAAF member has been assigned as a Pest Control Inspector for each municipality. In an agreement with the Government of Alberta, costs of the following measures are split 50/50 with the Department of Agriculture:

> 

> * Each Pest Control Inspector has been assigned a team. Pest Control Inspectors are responsible for the delegation of tasks and verification of completion to effectively implement these procedures. 

> * The eastern border of each municipality must be inspected every 29 km every week. Inspectors are to search for signs of rats, including droppings, burrow holes, or tracks.

> * Six baited stations have been placed within each municipality and must be checked daily.

> * Ricin-laced oats have been distributed to affected rural areas for use of pest control. Confetti has been mixed into the oats for identification purposes.

> * Public education campaigns have been enacted, encouraging civilians to rat-proof their homes and businesses. This includes the distribution of awareness posters, rat traps and poisons, and educational materials.

> * Several methods have been made available to the public to report any rat sightings, including by mail and phone.

> * The Government of Alberta will continuously enforce existing pest control legislation.

> * All recovered rats must be killed and incinerated. The presence of SCP-5357 does not need to be confirmed and there is no bias between species. 

> 

> The AAAF and Foundation recognize that local wildlife and fauna systems may be affected by the removal of the *Rattus* genus and this risk has been identified as acceptable. This protocol will remain in effect indefinitely. 

Since 1960, rat sightings in Alberta had reduced significantly. Despite this, several cases of SCP-5357 infection continued to be reported in the province. Following review by the O5-Council, it was determined that SCP-5357 had mutated, causing rat poisons ingested by infected organisms to become inert.

Between 1963 and 1965, Foundation resources were directed towards the development of SCP-5357-1, a modified version of SCP-5357 designed to eradicate infected rat specimens. Development was enabled through the splicing of SCP-5357's DNA. Due to the substance's mechanism of action (causing death by dissolving the polynucleotide chains composing DNA when SCP-5357 is detected), using it to treat preexisting cases of SCP-5357 invariably results in death.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Open SCP-5357-1 Test Logs</summary>

Following initial development, SCP-5357-1 was administered to several subjects via an aerosol dispersed into a closed chamber to determine its effectiveness.

[Extraneous test logs removed.]

| Test # | Subject | Results |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 134 | *Rattus norvegicus*, not infected with SCP-5357. | No immediate effects observed. SCP-5357-1 is present in the blood following testing. |
| 142 | *Rattus norvegicus*, infected with SCP-5357. | Subject became lethargic following inhalation. Fur began to fall out after approximately one hour. The subject died of organ failure approximately two hours after inhalation. |
| 549 | D-10853, not infected with SCP-5357. | No immediate effects observed; subject complained of a stuffy nose following inhalation. SCP-5357-1 is present in the blood following testing. |
| 556 | D-15482, infected with SCP-5357. | Subject immediately became nauseous and vomited following inhalation. Severe eczema appeared on the entire body after six hours, followed by the shedding of the epidermal layer. The subject subsequently went into shock and died of organ failure 8 hours after inhalation. Several undeveloped *Rattus* specimens were discovered in the subject's abdominal cavity. |
**Post-Testing Notes:** SCP-5357-1 was determined to behave as expected. The congestion reported in Test #549 was discovered to be a minor histamine reaction; no other human subjects reported any symptoms.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Open Protocol 5357-B</summary>

> 

> ++ Protocol 5357-B

> +++++ Action Plan to Neutralize SCP-5357

> ~~-~~-

> 

> 

> The entirety of Alberta, Canada, as well as the western border region of Saskatchewan, Canada, have been designated as Containment Zone 5357. Foundation affiliations with the AAAF have been severed. Costs associated with the following measures are funded by the Foundation:

> * 105 Antonov An-2 aircraft have been acquired to facilitate and uphold this protocol.

> * On a quinquennial basis, SCP-5357-1 is to be dispersed amongst the entirety of Containment Zone 5357 via aerial application. This must be performed during the dry season of the designated year under the guise of water application for wildfire prevention.

> * SCP-5357-1 laced oats have been distributed to affected rural areas for use of pest control. The oats are labelled as containing ricin. Confetti has been mixed into the oats for identification purposes.

> * Foundation intervention is required when a human death related to SCP-5357 or SCP-5357-1 is reported to maintain secrecy and distribute appropriate cover stories. 

> * Public education campaigns are continued to encourage civilians to rat-proof their homes and businesses. 

> * Several methods remain available to the public to report any rat sightings, including by mail and phone.

> * The Government of Alberta will continuously enforce existing pest control legislation. This is performed independently from the Foundation.

> * All recovered rats must be killed and incinerated. The presence of SCP-5357 does not need to be confirmed and there is no bias between species. 

> 

> SCP-5357 has been determined not to pose a threat to any wildlife not infected by SCP-5357. 

In the weeks following the implementation of Protocol 5357-B, reported instances of SCP-5357 infection in humans dropped dramatically. SCP-5357-1 is estimated to be present in approximately 90% of the local population, though this is considered to be a harmless side-effect of neutralization considering there are no effects in those without SCP-5357 infection. Six months following the application of SCP-5357-1, there have been zero reported rat sightings or SCP-5357 infections reported in Alberta.

</details>

---

**Incident Report:** Approximately two years following the implementation of Protocol 5357-B, a civilian death was brought to the attention of the Foundation. Despite being expected and outlined in the above protocol, this event was particularly concerning due to its nature. The individual was discovered within their home in a semi-liquid state. Laboratory analysis of the remains determined that the individual's DNA bonds had spontaneously dissolved. SCP-5357-1 was detected in the remains, though there was no presence of SCP-5357. Research is ongoing as to whether SCP-5357-1 has begun to mutate.

---

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/deathbygin More from this author...]

---

,,Image used with written permission from Alberta Agriculture and Forestry.,,

= << [SCP-5356](SCP-5356) | SCP-5357 | [SCP-5358](SCP-5358) >>

=====

> **Name:** Rat Awareness Poster

> **Author:** Alberta Agriculture and Forestry

> **License:** Used with the permission of Alberta Agriculture and Forestry

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/alberta_archives/26497442131/in/album-72157667332352856/)

=====
