.danke{

padding: 5px 5px 5px 15px;

margin-bottom:10px;

font-family: monospace;

font-size: 1.1em; }

.agent{

background-color:#002200;

border: 3px solid #55AA55;

color: #77CC77;

}

.site{

background-color:#222200;

border: 3px solid #AAAA55;

color: #DDDD77;

}

---

**Item #:** SCP-5179

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5179 is to be kept in text materials storage locker 87. Save for testing, SCP-5179 is to be clamped shut and sealed in an airtight bag for preservation. Authorization from at least two Senior Researchers is required for testing, and only Class-D personnel are permitted to handle SCP-5179 without safety measures. When testing, SCP-5179, and any attached D-Class Personnel, are to be moved to a 15m by 15m by 10m chamber. 

**Description:** SCP-5179 is an AISCAustralian International Schools' Certificate-distributed textbook labeled "Book 3 GLOBAL COMMERCE". When an individual opens SCP-5179, they and anyone within a 10-meter radius will immediately be displaced into a pocket dimension. Hereby referred to as SCP-5179-O. Reading SCP-5179 without activating these anomalous effects is impossible. When the use of a Remote Controlled mechanical arm was attempted, the operator -Technician J. Hawkins- was affected despite being 20 meters away. SCP-5179-O is a to-scale replica of the Australian desert region, commonly known as the "Outback". Instead of terminating where the region does, when crossing the edge of an "Outback" an individual will find themselves at the entry point of SCP-5179-O.Equivalent of -24.563300192199172, 131.19130551866186 on Earth. SCP-5179-O is inhabited by wildlife identical to the Australian Desert Region. However, no human-built structures are present other than Foundation Research Site 5179-O.

**Addendum-5179-1:** As of 4/14/2021, SCP-5179 is to be put under testing limitation, due to a lack of information gained by doing so. To request an expedition, contact Head Researcher D. Sanderson. Further information is restricted to Level-3 Personnel

<details>
<summary>+ Level 3 Access Only</summary>

---

**Mission Code Name:** Operation "Green Martyr"

**Related SCP:** SCP-5179

**Mobile Task Force Resources Involved:** Ten (10) Members of MTF-Lambda-5 "White Rabbits"

**Date:** 4/12/2021

**Mission Summary:** On 4/8/2021, D-3928 was ordered to open SCP-5179 while equipped with a trans-planal locator. Upon opening SCP-5179, D-3928 disappeared, as did the locator. Signal was lost for approximately 15 seconds, before reconnecting on plane 194382.-49210. After attending personnel confirmed D-3928's vitals, Internal Security assets amnesticized all personnel present. Research Administration approved an expedition to determine the nature of the plane, and attempt recovery of the 14 personnel lost to SCP-5179.

---

Communications established! Plane location: 194382, -49210

**GM-1:** Mic check everyone, control do you read me?

**GM-2:** Check, Two standing by.

**GM-5:** Five checking in!

**GM Control:** We read you One, what do you see?

*GM-3, 4. 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 confirm communications*

**GM-1:** We're in a desert- a really big one at that. No visual on any lost personnel. Fritz, you're a traveler. Does this place look familiar?

**GM-7:** Aye, this is the outback! Good ol' Australia!

**GM-4:** No way-

**GM-1:** Control, we on Earth?

**GM Control:** No, at least not ours. We read you on a different plane.

**GM-1:** All right, orders?

**GM Control:** Set up shop men. Stay safe.

---

END LOG

---

Communications established! Plane location: 194382, -49210

**Control:** GM-1 do you copy?

**GM-1:** Yup.

*A fire can be heard in the background*

**Control:** Please tell me you didn't burn the tents down

**GM-1:** Negative. We just caught a kangaroo. Better than we expected!

**Control:** You were sent with supplies.

**GM-1:** Fritz and I convinced everyone that use of rations was not needed ma'am.

**GM-3:** Damn this is good.

**GM-1:** What she said.

**Control:** Status of your teammates?

**GM-2:** Fine and dandy!

**GM-10:** Alright, I guess.

**GM-4:** Full.

*A chuckle is heard from GM-1's microphone*

**Control:** Well, as long as it's saving food nothing's against protocol.

**GM-7:** You eggheads getting us out soon?

**Control:** We're trying, don't worry. We don't leave men behind.

**GM-1:** Hey, 8. I'm gonna go talk to control in private. Keep them in line.

**GM-8:** Yessir.

*Audio feed is disconnected for approximately two minutes, before being reestablished in the GM command tent.*

**GM-1:** Don't believe them, they're restless. Basantes and Cynthia almost had a fistfight this morning. They think you left us here.

**Control:** We'll get you out. Don't worry.

---

END LOG

---

Communications Established! Plane location: 194382, -49210

**GM-8:** Ma'am.

**Control:** Where's GM-1?

**GM-8:** Oh. He went out with David and Mabel to find more kangaroos. Kangari?

**Control:** It's kangaroos John.

**GM-8:** I knew it!

*A rustling comes from inside GM-8's tent. Behind him, GM-6 sits up, topless.*

**GM-6:** John who are you talking to?

**GM-8:** Shit-

---

END LOG

---

Communications Established! Plane location: 194382, -49210

**GM-1:** Sorry about that, looks like John wasn't the best 2iC after all.

**Control:** It's alright. I assume they've been reprimanded?

**GM-1:** Of course.

**GM-7:** No spanking though!

**GM-1:** Fritz shut the hell up.

*GM-2 laughs loudly*

**GM-10:** Man wonder how long the two were doing it for?

**GM-8:** Not your business.

**GM-1:** Knock it off you two.

**Control:** Alright, I'll check in this afternoon as usual.

**GM-1:** Roger that.

---

END LOG

---

Two days later, the communication line was reestablished.

Communications Established! Plane location: 194382, -49210

**Control:** Control to Green Martyr, requesting status ove-

*A muffled digging can be heard from outside the control tent*

**GM-1:** Cynthia's dead.

**Control:** Come again?

**GM-1:** Sorry, GM-3 is dead. We found a snake bite on her leg, so there's our cause of death.

**Control:** Copy that, bury the body nearby.

**GM-1:** Way ahead of you. Are we delaying the expedition?

**Control:** Negative, finding an exit is your priority. Gear up and head out ASAP.

---

END LOG

---

At 5:00 AM GST, 4/9/2021, GM-2 (Technical) GM-4 (Medical 1), and GM-8 (Team 2iC) began an exploratory mission inside SCP-5179-O. After being gone for 24 hours without communication, they were assumed to have been caught in a dust storm.  After a further 48 hours, all 3 operatives were filed as MIA.

---

Communications Established! Plane location: 194382, -49210

**Control:** Comms open.

**GM-1:** Glad you came ma'am.

**Control:** Of course.

*A makeshift funeral is being held for the three missing members, and GM-3*

**GM-10:** Anyone remember when Alistar blew up that renaissance fair in Three Portlands?

**GM-1:** How could I forget?

**GM-10:** Took eight hours of convincing to keep her in the team.

**GM-1:** Yeah. It was a cult recruitment drive though. 

**GM-7:** Gonna miss John. He owed me eighty bucks.

**Control:** He owed me ninety!

**GM-5:** Maxim... the poor kid. This was his first mission right?

**GM-9:** Yeah, first and last

*Several members laugh nervously.*

**GM-1:** Well, it's late. Let's get some sleep.

**Control:** Nighty night boys.

---

END LOG 

---

 

Communications Established! Plane location: 194382, -49210

**GM-1:** "Hey boss.

**Control:** You doing alright?

**GM-1:** Yeah... Callie took it hard though, I'm worried. We all are, they don't seem to trust you to get us out.

**Control:** I know, Randomir. You guys find anything on your end?

**GM-1:** Nah. Cal heard some rustling over there in the brush though. Mi-

*A gunshot is heard, GM-1's vitals flatline.*

**Control:** Green Martyr team, do you read? GM team, do you read? Fuck!

*Feed cuts out as GM team's communicator is hit by a stray round.*

---

END LOG

---

Communications Established! Plane location: 194382, -49210

*Feed reappears, this time via GM-5's tablet.*

**Control:** Green Martyr, do you read me?

**GM-5:** Loud and clear. Unfortunately, Fritz Mason Callie and I are all that's left. 

**Control:** Where are the others?

**GM-5:** The D-Class who found this place showed up about 30 minutes ago, must've found his body cause he was wearing -8's gear. Before we realized what was happening he'd hit -1 straight in the skull. -9 tried to run, but he didn't get far before he went down too. -6 took him down after that.

**Control:** Dammit.

**GM-5:** Ma'am are we gonna make it home?

**Control:** I'm not gonna lie to you, things are looking bad. But I'll be with you all the way.

**GM-5:** Thanks doc. We won't give up.

**GM-10:** BOSS! WE FOUND SOMETHING!

*GM-10 enters the tent*

**GM-5:** What is it?

**GM-10:** It's the book! 

**GM-5:** Well open it dumbass.

*GM-10 appears in SCP-5179's testing chamber.*

**GM-5:** Control?

**Control:** It worked. Come on home boys.

---

END LOG

---

Number and Position

Name and Status

GM-1 (Team Leader)

Randomir Estes | KIA

GM-2 (Technical)

Alistar Taylor | MIA

GM-3 (Logistics 1)

Cynthia Marsche | KIA

GM-4 (Medical 1)

Maxim Rush | MIA

GM-5 (Communications)

Mabel York | RECOVERED

GM-6 (Medical 2)

Callie Mund | RECOVERED

GM-7 (Marksman)

Fritz Kelly | RECOVERED

GM-8 (Team 2iC)

John Basantes | KIA

GM-9 (Field Research)

David D'amico | KIA

GM-10 (Logistics 2)

Kyoko Barton | RECOVERED

---

At 18:52 GST, 4/15/2021, an item matching the description was found by GM-10 near the SCP-5179 entry point. When opened, it had the same effect as SCP-5179. However, GM-10 materialized next to SCP-5179 in baseline reality. After personnel were withdrawn, a large-scale research project was approved by Research Director Lundy.

---

**ASSET-LOG: 5179-O-25/06/2021**

Research Department: 15 Research Personnel, 1 Mobile lab kit.

EnTS: 20 Engineering Personnel, 15 Excavation Kits, 2 Image Capture Drones.

MTF-Lambda-5: 10 Operatives, 20 cans of pesticide.

Medical Department: 3 medical personnel, 1 foundation psychologist.

---

As of 02/07/2021, the amount of oil and natural gasses in SCP-5179-O is theorized to provide an unlimited source of fuel for Foundation vehicles. Personnel are to be rotated in and out of SCP-5179-O monthly. Or upon request 

</details>

<< [SCP-5178](SCP-5178) | SCP-5179 | [SCP-5180](SCP-5180) >>

=====

> **Filename:** outback1

> **Name:** Australian Outback

> **Author:** Alexander Gerst

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/72482589@N07/45889029821)

=====
