@@ @@

**SCP-5205 "Paranormal Activities" by:** 

@@ @@

### [★ DrAkimoto's Author Page ★](http://www.scp-wiki.net/drakimoto-s-author-page)

**Crit Credit:** , , , , , 

#### ****Special Containment Procedures****

SCP-5205 is contained within a 1 km^^2^^ exclusionary zone maintained and observed by personnel at Auxiliary  Site-51/8a. Restricted area warning signs are posted around the perimeter of the area and security personnel are to enforce these restrictions in conjunction with the New Jersey State Police. 

Instances of SCP-5205-1 are collectively held within Biological Containment Chamber 27 at Site-51. All new instances are to be thoroughly documented at the point of discovery before being transferred to containment. Testing of SCP-5205-1 instances may be conducted by Medical Department personnel upon approval of the HCML Supervisor.

#### ****Description****

SCP-5205 is an unexplained phenomenon affecting a 1 km^^2^^ area of forest within the New Jersey  Pine Barrens. At irregular intervals, various human body parts (collectively designated SCP-5205-1) will manifest within this area.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=250px

|url=http://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-5205/uno

|add-caption=true

|caption=An SCP-5205-1 instance.

]]

As of 2020/01/01, 78 instances of SCP-5205-1 have been recovered, all of which were partially embedded within the top-most layer of soil. These instances manifest at an inconsistent rate of approximately 15 to 25 instances per year and have been recovered in various states of decomposition.  Each instance has been determined to originate from different individuals; varying in age Ranging from approximately 18 to 50 years old., sex, and ethnicity. Blood analysis of recently manifested SCP-5205-1 instances reveals consistently elevated levels of adrenaline-related compounds. The separation of SCP-5205-1 instances from their original bodies occurs on a molecular level: there is no evidence of immediate blood loss at the time of manifestation, and the instances decompose at the expected rate. The Foundation has been unable to match any SCP-5205-1 instances with a corresponding individual through fingerprints, DNA analysis, dental records, or facial recognition. The origins of the SCP-5205-1 instances remain unknown.

#### ****Discovery****

On 2017/06/23, SCP-5205 was discovered by New Jersey State Police officers patrolling the Pine Barrens within Burlington County. The police originally considered it a dumping ground and cordoned off the area before collecting a total of ten SCP-5205-1 instances for analysis. Further investigation of the area led to the discovery of the partial manifested remains of various athletic safety equipment and clothing.

The Foundation received the coroner reports regarding several SCP-5205-1 instances from assets within the NJSP. These reports included detailed photographic and analytic evidence, though no known cause for the separation could be determined. The Foundation deployed a two-man investigative team, under the guise of FBI agents, to determine if full Foundation involvement was necessary. Thorough investigation of hospital and emergency care centers within the tri-state area revealed no corresponding injures matching the SCP-5205-1 instances. The Foundation fully commandeered the investigation after personnel conducted detailed examinations of SCP-5205-1 instances and determined that mundane causes were unlikely.

Following its arrival, the Foundation established Auxiliary Site-51/8a and the exclusionary zone around SCP-5205. All information regarding SCP-5205 was removed from public records; the NJSP personnel responsible for the discovery were amnesticized and released.

#### ****Notice: 2020/06/14****

At 05:26 GMT, Foundation personnel within Exclusionary Zone 401b discovered a newly manifested SCP-5205-1 instance. The instance consisted of the right arm and shoulder of a human male, wearing a half-manifested sleeve composed of blue talsan fabric and spandex.

A parachute backpack was recovered approximately one meter from the SCP-5205-1 instance. Subsequent analysis revealed defective release pins for both the main deployment bag and a partially deployed reserve. The backpack is composed of an unknown material that displays an abnormal level of Theta radiation. A red embossed logo is visible on the side of the backpack reading "Wild Bill's Trans-Dimensional Skydiving School"; public records include no information regarding a company by that name. Further investigation into the origin of SCP-5205 and the aforementioned company is currently ongoing.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-5204](SCP-5204) | SCP-5205 | [SCP-5206](SCP-5206) >>

=====

> **Filename:** uno.jpg

> **Author:** fotologic

> **License:** CC BY 2.0 

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/98318718@N00/1506103683

=====
