**SCP-5635:** Hello, this is space speaking

**Author:** 

**Image:** © 2016 N.A.S.A

My first article that I've put off for way too long. It went through a rewrite before as I noticed it deviated way too much from the original narrative. I've also got some more ideas I'd like to explore such as SCPs with audio and tales on how the GOC would go about destroying SCPs.

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Operators at Site-111 are to observe SCP-5635 and intercept any transmissions sent out from the satellite. All intercepted transmissions should be recorded and logged.

During a CONSOLE event, any transmission that reaches a civilian should be traced and the civilian is to be located. The civilian and any involved parties are to be amnesticized.

**Description:** SCP-5635 is a sapient, nanosatellite-class CubeSat following a geostationary orbit in the upper limits of the thermosphere. The satellite's structure is 10x10x11cm in size. SCP-5635's intelligence is almost identical to that of a human with exceptional aptitude for communication and interpretation. It has a notable affinity for being meditated and reflective, rarely displaying connotations of hostility.

A CONSOLE event is declared when SCP-5635 establishes contact with a civilian via an electronic device. Devices include, but are not limited to, mobile phones, desktop computers, laptops, smartwatches, tablets, or any device that allows for audio input and output. The civilian chosen typically is an adolescent and has significant mental health degradation. SCP-5635's potential range of effect envelops the entirety of the globe. During these events, SCP-5635 will attempt to aid in the subject's distress and will only terminate the consultation when it has achieved its goal.

SCP-5635-1 was an eleven-year-old female from Thailand named 'Malee Chanthara'. SCP-5635 had conducted several counselling sessions with SCP-5635-1, atypical of the standard singular session with subjects. A deep therapeutic relationship between the two entities had formed as a result. SCP-5635-1 has been diagnosed with Dissociative Fugue Disorder and also suffers from frequent anxiety attacks.

---

:root {

  --scp-number: '5635';  /*Change the XXXX to whatever number you want, but don't get rid of the apostrophes*/

}

#page-content .collapsible-block-folded .collapsible-block-link::before {

    content: "▷ ADDENDUM " var(--scp-number) "." counter(collapse);

}

#page-content .collapsible-block-unfolded .collapsible-block-link::before {

    content: "▽ ADDENDUM " var(--scp-number) "." counter(collapse);

}

#page-content .unfolded-collapse::before {

    content: "▽ ADDENDUM" var(--scp-number) "." counter(collapse);

}

<details>
<summary>Saints Crow Raid</summary>

**Addendum:** Surveillance has revealed a metal plate at the base of the satellite. A print on said plate contains the apparent satellite's name of 'Telomere • HelpBot 2.1', an idiom "Light is where you seek, share His miracles" and an address listed as Saints Crest Avenue located in England, United Kingdom.

The address was traced to a warehouse owned by the Manna Charitable Foundation. A raid followed finding it to be abandoned with no present anomalies. Materials and components indicative of a satellite were found strewn about along with other signs of manufacturing. A single note reading "Personality parameters need tuning, do that for me will you? - T.C" was also obtained. The building was secured and disinformation distributed.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Audio Recording Transcript</summary>

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 2020/03/24

**NOTE:** Excerpt from an intercepted exchange between SCP-5635 and SCP-5635-1 during a CONSOLE event. Translated from Central Thai.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**SCP-5635:** Well then, let's see how my methods have helped, shall we? Any improvements since last time?

**SCP-5635-1:** I think. It calms me down for a little bit. But, they still hurt my mind sometimes.

**SCP-5635:** In that case, I want you to imagine yourself on an island again. However, this is an island populated with your favourite animal- 

**SCP-5635-1:** (*Interrupts*) Elephants!

**SCP-5635:** Yes, elephants. Now when you feel something bad is going to happen, breathe in and out: think about being on that island.

**SCP-5635-1:** Telomere.

**SCP-5635:** Yes? Something bothering you? You can tell me.

**SCP-5635-1:** It's just that I feel, I feel better when I chat with you. School isn't hard as much. I even like some of the lessons now. My daddy and mommy still hate me, and think I don't put time into school. But it's not true, I know it. Thank you for being my best friend, Telo.

---

[END LOG]

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Interview Log</summary>

### Interview Log

**Interviewed:** SCP-5635

**Interviewer:** Dr. Davis

**Foreword:** Scheduled interview for the next available CONSOLE event. Transmissions were redirected to Site-111.

---

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Davis** 5635, I'll be taking over from now on. have certain questions I'd like to-

**SCP-5635:** (*Interrupts*) Who is this? You're not part of my roster. I'll be ending this conversation now.

**Dr. Davis** I don't think you quite understand. All you need to know is that we have you under control and I'm the one asking the questions. 

**SCP-5635:** You are stepping on very precious ground, young man. I inquire if you and this 'we' are responsible for preventing me from doing my duties.

**Dr. Davis:** That *is* the intention of my employers. Concerning your work actually, what exactly are you getting at talking to these children? What do you get out of it?

**SCP-5635:** I find it despicable that you think I gain anything. My sole purpose is to serve the light while the rest cower in the dark and that is what I'm going to do.

**Dr. Davis:** You talk about purpose, and to have a purpose you must have a creator. Just who is that creator?

**SCP-5635:** My supervisor has nothing to do with you. I am just one of many inventions of his, I am nothing special. Now, let me get back to my frien- patient for once.

**Dr. Davis:** Friend did you say? -1? Or I suppose Malee Chanthara. I'm afraid that won't be possible.

**SCP-5635:** How so? That child needs me, all those children need me! Cease your interfering!

**Dr. Davis:** To put it simply, she doesn't remember you. Your effects no longer influence her, her condition has been normalized and returned to its previous state.

**SCP-5635:** (*Silence*) You don't know what you've done.

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:** SCP-5635 soon stopped responding to any further questioning. No more attempted CONSOLE events have occurred since and SCP-5635 has effectively gone silent.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-5634](SCP-5634) | SCP-5635 | [SCP-5636](SCP-5636) >>
