⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains **body horror** in Addendums-A-4 and A-7. **This article also contains the death of a child!** Do not read further if you are uncomfortable with any of these topics.

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5279-1 is to be contained in a standard item containment locker. SCP-5279-2 objects produced by SCP-5279-1 are to be destroyed via the use of an incinerator interconnected to SCP-5279-1 if they are deemed untranslatable, if they are translatable they will be transferred to the Foundation Lingual Department for deciphering. Websites are to be monitored for any mention of SCP-5279-2 like documents, which will be dealt with if necessary.

**Description:** SCP-5279-1 is a UX-300 Fax Machine that periodically prints pieces of paper (SCP-5279-2). The vast majority of SCP-5279-2 objects are blank, incomprehensible, or torn apart. However, a small percentage of objects are semi-comprehensible, written in a mix of early Anglo-Frisian and Anglo-SaxonThe writing system used in the SCP-5279 language is that of Anglo-Saxon runes. SCP-5279-1 is assumed to be from an alternate universe, due to the contents of SCP-5279-2 documents. No signal is sent to SCP-5279-1 before a document is printed. SCP-5279-1 is able to function without internet access, power, or parts essential to the function of a normal non-anomalous UX-300 Fax Machine.

---

SCP-5279-1 (along with 67 SCP-5279-2 documents) was discovered in an abandoned ████ product manufacturing facility in Hastings, the United Kingdom, on 11/16/2011. The facility in question is coincidentally located where a Anglo-Saxon era church was once located according to the ████████ tapestry. 

As the facility was shut down on 05/09/2006, it can be presumed that SCP-5279 was left uncontained for over 5 years. SCP-5279 was brought to the Foundation’s attention when reports of SCP-5279 incidents began to appear on the Internet, gaining an almost mythlike status in the suburb of St Leonards among younger residents. Due to the large period in which SCP-5279 was uncontained, it can be assumed that copies of SCP-5279-2 may have been taken from the building. The following addendums include 4 of the most distinct SCP-5279-2 documents.

* **Document Title:** N/A 

* **Anomalous:** No

* **Description:** A partially written letter addressed to a ████ ███, who at the time, was the mayor of Hastings. The letter seems to be talking of a celebration of an anniversary. See translation below 

= 
<details>
<summary>Text:</summary>

---

9/27/2005

*09101-ᛋᚩᛞᛄᚩᛋᛈᚪᛞᚳ* Untranslatable, assumed to be an address, but completely different from the modern system.

████,

As you know, the council of the *victorious city of Hastings* Translated from "ᚠᛁᚳᛏᚩᚱᛏᚩᚹᚾᚩᚠᚪᚾᚻᚪᛋᛏᛁ", assumed to be an honorary title. In the original translation, Hastings was translated as "Hasti", likely related to the city's title. has decided to cancel all celebrations of Victory-Day. This is because of (*the*) presence of *eye-snatchers*Translated from ᚪᚳᚻ ᛏᚱᛖᚳᛖᚱ, it is unknown if the text was lost in translation, or if the meaning is literal. in the local realm. Though the council has passed the legislature with no votes against, it is the mayor that must make the final decision in accordance with the 1908 decree of Edith the Fifth. It is of the utmost importance that you, with your power in the mayoral position, which was handed to you by your late father, make the decision to call off all celebrations. Though Victory-Day is a pride to the people of the *victorious city of Hastings*, safety is our utmost priority. *We must cancel the event outright, we have next year for a celebrationSection was initially covered by marker, but was easily uncovered after discovery. This may indicate that the document is a draft. .* Let us work with marshal officials to end the threat of eye-snatchers and other abominations before we carry on, the king will be in attendance and he must be safe.

The following members of the council agree with me on this point, their signatures are below:

(Section cut for brevity)

---

  **END OF ADDENDUM**

</details>

* **Document Title:** ᛈᛚᛁᛋᛄᛖ ᚱᛖᛈᚩ 10/03/2005 (*lit. translation "Marshal Reports 10/03/2005"*)

* **Anomalous:** No

* **Description:** A police report dated 10/03/2005. Contains images of aforementioned "eye snatchers". 

= 
<details>
<summary>Text:</summary>

---

10/03/2005

Hasting Marshal Section

Incidents involving abominations:

**09/28/2005**

Events: Multiple children of resident █████ ████, aged 8, 10, and 12 were discovered outside the family household. Youngest was missing eyes, perfectly removed from the sockets with unbelievable levels of skill. The other 2 children are unable to talk due to shock, and still refused to at the time of the last check-in by the marshal section (10/02/2005), however, the children did lead marshals to the area of the incident.

**09/30/2005**

Events: Resident ███ █████ found in abandoned ███ storage facility. ███ was missing his jugular, teeth (excluding the canines), genitalia, and eyes. His family has been alerted. Photo of collapsed storage facility below, with eye-snatcher in frame.

**10/01/2005**

The eyes of █████ ████ ██, found inside the ██████ sack of ███ █████, replacing the man's testicles. The family of the child have not been informed as to limit their already heavy state of despair. Image of the scene below:

**10/02/2005**

Multiple eye-snatchers were spotted in the White-Oak district. Increased marshal presence has been approved. 

End of Incident List

  **END OF ADDENDUM** 

---

</details>

* **Document Title:** ᚪᚢᛞᛡ ᚩᚠ ᚦᛖ ᚹᚻᛁᛏᛖ ᚩᚪᚳ ᛘᚪᛋᛋᚪᚳᚱᛖ (lit. translation “Audio of the White Oak Massacre”)

* **Anomalous:** No

* **Description:** A transcript of the audio of a failed “eye-snatcher” nest raid. The events of the audio are not described, and only the conversation between the police officers remains. The events of this document have been transcribed by foundation personnel using the transcribed audio, misinterpretations are a distinct possibility.

= 
<details>
<summary>Text:</summary>

---

Audio of the White Oak Massacre

Noise is from 10/09/2005

Written 10/10/2005

(*Officers are assumed to be standing outside of a public well, they discuss their plan of entry before approaching the well, beginning their descent.*)

****Descent****

**8:09-8:15 PM**

(Descent begins with the men in high spirits.)

***Marshal Fuller:*** It is time for justice brothers, this is for the people of Hastings. Remember your training and keep your heads held steady. (8:12)

***Marshal Stone:*** Yes sir. (Said in unison with Marshal Godwin, 8:12)

***Marshal Godwin:*** Yes sir. (8:12)

(Men descend silently until 8:14, assumed to be around 3/4th of the way down the well.)

***Marshal Fuller:*** We are nearing the nest mouth, section officer. There appears to be no water…notably, there are red stains upon the mouth walls, common in eye-snatcher nests. (8:14)

***Marshal Fuller:*** The throat of the nest has been spotted. It is of great size, around 1 elne in height, and 3 feet in width. Team commencing raid now. (8:15)

****Massacre****

**8:16-8:30PM**

(Men enter the “throat” of the nest, assumed to be a hole in the walls of the well. They do not speak for over 4 minutes as they traverse the throat, either due to interference, or to not alert any “eye-snatchers”. Eventually the silence is broken by Marshal Fuller, shaken at the large amount of eyes they have come across.)

***Marshal Fuller:*** By god. So many eyes. I cannot find an area where I am not watched by the stolen pearls. This is not normal section officer, we have only just entered the throat. There should be a complete lack of stolen orbs until at least the stomach is reached. (8:16)

(Group continues, occasionally speaking, this will be cut out for brevity. After 4 minutes of descent, Marshal Stone reports movement.)

***Marshal Stone:*** Fuller. Movement ahead, abomination? (8:20)

***Marshal Fuller:*** Impossible. We have walked now, only 10 minutes. Not once in my 20 years of nest raids have I seen a snatcher this far up. (8:20)

***Marshal Stone:*** But sir, I swear- (8:20)

***Marshal Godwin:*** Silence yourself. You are seeing things, it happens to recruits. (8:21)

***Marshal Fuller:*** I recommend you listen to Godwin. (8:21)

***Marshal Stone:*** Understood. Apologies sir.

(Descent continues for another 6 minutes before another notable event occurs in the “Stomach” of the nest. It is assumed that the team has spotted an “eye-snatcher”.)

***Marshal Stone***: Sir. Ahead. (8:27)

***Marshal Fuller***: What? This isn’t normal. Fire upon it Stone. 

(Marshal Stone is assumed to have fired upon the “eye-snatcher”. The audio becomes “incomprehensible” according to the transcript writer. This is the only note written in the document.)

***Marshal Fuller***: (*incomprehensible*) Fire-too many-blood. (8:27-8:30)

(Connection to Marshals is assumed lost)

**SUMMARY**

Following the loss of contact with Marshals Fuller, Stone, and Godwin, the abominations took their first recorded motion of direct combat with the Marshal Section.

Though they fought bravely they were outnumbered, and ultimately 17 marshals and ground staff would die in the massacre.

**DEATHS**

Richard Fuller 

Ivan Stone 

Edmund Godwin 

Section Officer Edgar Wright

(*14 more names are listed, but will not be displayed for the sake of brevity.*)

  **END OF ADDENDUM**

</details>

* **Document Title:** N/A

* **Anomalous:** No

* **Description:** A series of letters faxxed by a member of the “Council of the Victorious City of Hastings” (referred to as the CVCH in the remainder of this document for brevity), the member is seemingly in a manic state due to the presence of eyes “protruding from areas they should not be protruding from”. From the description of the events in the letters, it can be assumed an XK or similar class type scenario is taking place.

= 
<details>
<summary>Text:</summary>

---

October, 12

There are eyes falling from my ceiling, they are protruding from areas on my own person where eyes should not be protruding, they come from the walls held floating by still connected *veins*”Veins” is assumed to be in reference to the optic nerve of the eyes.. They are watching me as I write this. They aren’t just eyes they must be connected to one of those vile beasts. I hear them move every few minutes, I saw one too. It was above me, its head melting through my ceiling. I know they’re outside, I still hear screaming on occasion from one of their victims. I know I’m safer inside than out.

I know this idea to be incredibly foolish, due to the large-scale attack by the abominations, but I have decided to contact the marshal's office and mayoral office via fax. This is my last call for help.

I feel the eyes moving in my skin.

I feel my own eyes attempting to push themselves from my head.

And I feel the hot breath of a snatcher right behind me on my neck.

Help.

---

October, 13th

My fingers disappeared today, yet I still feel them tapping away at my keyboard as I write this. But I have no keyboard, I am using my invisible fingers to write on my invisible keyboard. They’re everywhere I look now, I can feel them boring into my skin, creating new orifices every few minutes yet I feel no pain. There is a pile of eyes around a foot high on the ground, they writhe around as if they’re alive, and at this point, I’m convinced they are. I tried leaving the room, only to find a wall made of snatchers. They didn’t do anything but stand in place and stare at me. My windows are blocked in a similar way. Things continued to disappear but I know they are still present, like my bed, which I lay down on still, causing me to float. During the small period of time in which I was able to sleep the snatchers whispered indescribable things to me.

I know I’m talking to no one.

I know that everything is over.

But if anyone is reading this, please.

Help me.

---

14

Eyes: Gone

Screen: Gone

Outside: Black

Arms: Gone

Feet: Gone

Everything: Gone

Death: neverarriving

Howamievenwritinghowamievenwringthisahowhowmabuevwnwritnhhowhowhowhowhowhowbwothisishellthisishellhelphellhelphellphellhelp

HelphelphelphphelphelphelphelphelphelphelplphekplpehlpehlpehlepgelnshsshHelphelp***…***

*(This continues for another 25 pages)*

---

SCP-5279 is assumed to have warped into our universe during or after this event. A hypothesis proposed by Dr. ████ revolves around SCP-5279 also gaining its anomalous abilities during this event (*see Document-5279/misc for details*).

**END OF ADDENDUM**

</details>

---

---

<< [SCP-5278](SCP-5278) | SCP-5279 | [SCP-5280](SCP-5280) >>
