**Item #:** SCP-5259

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5259 is contained in a large aquatic tank at Site-032's Anomalous Fauna Zone. SCP-5259 is the sole organism in its habitat, as it has expressed a distaste for "civilian" marine life.

**Description:** SCP-5259 is a sapient Atlantic bottlenose dolphin that was formerly a member of the 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit of the United States Marine Corps. SCP-5259 was created in 1983 as part of a secret project by a [covert branch of the Department of Defense](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4776) to weaponize aquatic life for general warfare. As part of its "training" SCP-5259 bears numerous biological deviations, including a vastly increased lifespan, augmented swimming muscles, and a heightened resistance to ocean floor pressures.

SCP-5259-1 is a weapon surgically attached to SCP-5259's right flipper capable of firing a highly destructive laser. SCP-5259-1 has been damaged and is in an inactive state due to an incident prior to containment of SCP-5259.

**Discovery:** In 2008, the Department of Veteran Affairs received a disability claim for a Lance Corporal "Buddy Flipperstorm" of the Marines. Assuming it was a practical joke, the claim was disposed of.

Over the next weeks, the department was inundated by emails, callsAll the recorded messages were dolphin chatter and thus incomprehensible., and waterlogged envelopes demanding the immediate resignation of Secretary James Peake, necessitating the involvement of law enforcement. The mail was eventually traced to a PO box near Chesapeake Beach, where a dolphin with a damaged dorsal fin had been repeatedly beaching itself for several days.

While Foundation staff at large had been tangentially aware of the story as it developed in the media, the highly unusual behavior of the specimen was what drew official attention. Covering the incident as a publicity stunt for dolphin welfare, SCP-5259 was transported to a Foundation marine facility where it received medical treatment.

**Interviewer:** Dr Sophia Clarke

**Interviewed:** SCP-5259

**Foreword:** SCP-5259's portion of the interview was translated with the use of a [Cetacean Hearing and Telemetry computer](http://www.wilddolphinproject.org/our-research/chat-research/).

---

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

**Clarke:** So I have to ask, how exactly did you send all those messages to Veterans Affairs? The envelopes I can wrap my head around, but the calls and emails?

**SCP-5259:** eEeEee. eEeEeeee, EeEeE.We don't really have the time to get together these days, but I'm still in contact with some of my old buddies. They helped whip that goddamn bureaucratic black hole into shape.

**Clarke:** As in human friends? You wouldn't happen to have their contact information, would you.

**SCP-5259:** EeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeee.Why, so you can scoop them up and brainwash them into forgetting me? Nice try. Would rather cut my own flippers off than sell out my brothers.

**Clarke:** I'm sorry, that wasn't my intention, I assure you. It's just... most people would be very surprised to find themselves having a conversation to a talking animal, let alone being friends with one. Uh, no offense.

**SCP-5259:** eEeEEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeeee.EeEeEe. eEeEeEe, eEeEeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeE, eEeEeEeEe. Yeah, they were a bit surprised at first, a little uncomfortable. But after you save their asses the first few times, they tend to stop bitching. That's the thing when you're down in the trenches, taking fire from insurgents. You don't care if the flipper holding the gun next to you belongs to a dolphin, man, or dog - you just hope they can shoot as well as you.

**Clarke:** I suppose you have a point. So how'd you end up leaving the military? Injured during some sort of mission?

**SCP-5259:** EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. EeEeEe. EeEeEeEeEeE. No, nothing that juicy. Got tangled up in a fishing net. 

**Clarke:** A... fishing net?

**SCP-5259:** EeEeEeEeEeEeE. EeEeEeEeEeEeEe. eEeEe. EeEeEe. I know. Sounds ridiculous, right? But I'm still a dolphin. Got tangled up pretty bad, cut into my fins pretty deep. Then those stuffy suits took one look at me, decided their "investment" wasn't working out as well as they hoped, and tossed me in the ocean like I was yesterday's trash eight thousand miles away from home.

**Clarke:** I'm sorry about that. But why go to the trouble of petitioning the VA? I mean, you couldn't have expected-

**SCP-5259:** EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeEeEeE, EeEeEeEeEe, EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. Because I deserved it. I fought for this country, killed for this country, even bled for this country. Dammit, I knew what we were doing wasn't really in the name of freedom, or liberation, or even self defense. But I followed orders. I saved lives. But as soon as I became inconvenient, they got rid of me without a second thought, because they were humans and I was a dolphin, and that meant I was nothing more than property to them. You'd think you get used to it, being treated like a subhuman even though you can think and talk like them. But they only cared about me because I was useful, not because they thought my life had meaning.

**Clarke:** I... I'm sorry for that.

**SCP-5259:** EeEeEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEe. Thanks. Are we done for today?

**Clarke:** Uh, just one more thing. Looking at your claim, you were seeking approximately 20,000 in benefits. What were you going to do with all that money?

**SCP-5259:** EeEe EeE eEeE eEe EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. eEeEeEeEe, EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe? eEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. eEeEeEeE. eEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeeEeEeEe! eEeEeEeEe! EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe? EeEe, EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. eEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe... EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. EeEeE. eEeEe. EeEeEe, EeEeEeEeEeEe, EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe, EeEeEeEeEeEeEe, EeEeEeEeEeEe, EeEeEeEeEe, eEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeEe. eEeEEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeeee.EeEeEe. eEeEeEe, eEeEeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeE, eEeEeEeEe. eEeEee. eEeEeeee, EeEeE.

EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. eEeEeEeEeE EeEeEeEe EeEe eEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe EeEeEeeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeEeEeE, EeEeEeEeEe, EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEe. eEeEEeEeEeEe. EeEeEeEeeee.EeEeEe. eEeEeEe, eEeEeEeeeEeEeeEeEeEeE, eEeEeEeEe.Buy fish.

= **[END LOG]**

  

<< [SCP-5258](SCP-5258) | SCP-5259 | [SCP-5260](SCP-5260) >>

=====

> **Filename:** marine1

> **Name:** NMMP dolphin with locator

> **Author:** Brien Aho

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:NMMP_dolphin_with_locator.jpeg)

=====
