div#extra-div-1 {

     width: 100%;

     height: calc(100% - var(--final-header-height-on-desktop));

     position: absolute;

     top: calc(var(--final-header-height-on-desktop));

     left: 0;

     z-index: -1;

     mask: var(--gradient-background);

     -webkit-mask: var(--gradient-background);

     background-image: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0e/Hubble_view_of_M_106_%288450543502%29.jpg/1280px-Hubble_view_of_M_106_%288450543502%29.jpg);

     background-size: 100%, 80% var(--background-gradient-distance);

     background-blend-mode: difference;

     background-repeat: no-repeat, repeat-x;

     pointer-events: none;

}

**Item #:** SCP-5843

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** Undercover personnel within various national and international space programs are to plant the file, Binary_Star.aic, in both the hardware of the control centers and all launched projects. 

The Foundation AI "Binary Star" will intercept and save all data on SCP-5843 in the Foundation database before deleting it from non-Foundation records.

**Description:** SCP-5843 is a sentient, elliptical galaxy where every objectThis includes but is not limited to; asteroids, planets, moons, stars, and the black hole in the centrum. is replaced with a bare eyeball that functions as its visual system. The nebulae of SCP-5843 exhibit functions similar to lacrimal secretion of the eyes, to prevent them from becoming irritated.

SCP-5843 is capable of verbal communication using words that echo throughout its system. It is not yet known how it is capable of vocalizations, nor how the sound is able to travel through the vacuum of space. SCP-5843 learned human languages from observation alone prior to its education by Binary Star and therefore displayed a limited means of communication upon initial discovery. SCP-5843 is capable of observing events and communicate without delay.

Because of its observational skills, SCP-5843 has a vast knowledge of the universe, specifically of the orientation of the universe. It remembers the position of everything it has ever seen and has made a mental map. It has provided the Foundation with coordinates of other anomalies and Locations of Interest in exchange for English lessons to improve its speech. Files related to the given coordinates are listed below.

* SCP-████

* SCP-████

* SCP-████

* [SCP-3195](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3195) -- "The Fault in Our Star"

* SCP-████

* SCP-████

* [SCP-4524](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4524) -- "A Flesh, New World"

* SCP-████

* [SCP-5592](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5592) -- "Seventy Millimeter Projector"

* SCP-████

* [SCP-5623](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5623) -- "Star Euthanizer"

* SCP-████

* [SCP-5979](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5979) -- "Star Crossed Lovers"

* SCP-████

Further research in other coordinates is ongoing.

**Discovery:** On 25 February 1955, the Foundation launched probes from the *Beholder* line into space to detect and study extraterrestrial anomalies. On 27 June 1982, Beholder-8 ceased to function after collision with debris. After three days, Binary Star was able to reconnect to Beholder-8, but could not maneuver it anymore due to damaged equipment. After internal deliberation, the probe was set to alert status instead of active.

On 13 March 2015, Beholder-8 gave out an emergency signal when it suddenly experienced heavy gravitational pull. Upon re-activation, SCP-5843 was discovered and had put the probe in a stable orbit around its central eye. Staff was ordered to establish contact with the anomaly immediately.

---

### Addendum-1: Interview Logs

---

**Interview-5843-1**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-5843

**Interviewer:** Dr. Maurice Arkand and Site Director Maria Maxwells

**Foreword:** The following interview happened after the initial discovery of the anomaly.

---

**<Begin Log, [13 March 2015]>**

**Dr. Arkand:** *Crackling.* This is-

**SCP-5843:** Engg- glishh?

**Site Director Maxwells:** Did it just... Answer? And without delay?

**Dr. Arkand:** I- I guess. I did not expect it to know English. The probe's communications latency is probably under some effect of its system as well.

**Site Director Maxwells:** Let's continue. Standard procedure. I want to know if this thing is hostile.

**Dr. Arkand:** *Crackling.* Hello, we a-

*The central eye of SCP-5843 slowly begins to turn towards the probe.*

**Site Director Maxwells:** Holy...

**Dr. Arkand:** My God.

**SCP-5843:** Earrrth...

**Site Director Maxwells:** Give me the controls for a sec.

*Dr. Arkand hands over the controls.*

**Site Director Maxwells:** *Crackling.* This is Earth. We'd like to ask you- ***Pop.***

*Several components on the controls light up and flicker.*

**Site Director Maxwells:** What the? What happened?

**Dr. Arkand:** It popped. The transmitters here actually popped. We can hear and record everything, but we can't talk to it anymore.

**Site Director Maxwells:** Great, that's what we get for restarting this broken thing. Now, how are we supposed to-

**Voice:** *Static.* THIS IS EARTH. WE WOULD LIKE TO ASK YOU SOME QUESTIONS. 

**Site Director Maxwells:** Wait, who-

**Dr. Arkand:** Binary Star... I can't believe it.

**Site Director Maxwells:** No way, it can't be that reliable, can it?

*The central eye's iris narrows down and focuses.*

**SCP-5843:** Assk'.

**Binary Star:** ARE YOU AWARE OF YOUR CURRENT STATE?

**SCP-5843:** Yesss.

**Dr. Arkand:** This is actually happening...

**Site Director Maxwells:** Record this in every way possible. This is huge.

**Dr. Arkand:** Actually, the AI is already backing this conversation up on the database as we speak.

**Site Director Maxwells:** Unbelievable...

**Binary Star:** DO YOU HAVE A NAME?

**SCP-5843:** Unn- ness- uh- serr- ee.

**Binary Star:** UNNECESSARY. UNDERSTOOD. THEN WHAT IS YOUR PURPOSE?

*Two minutes of silence.*

**SCP-5843:** Wit- nessss.

**Binary Star:** YOU WITNESS?

**SCP-5843:** Unn- finn- nishht'.

**Binary Star:** THEN PLEASE CONTINUE WITH YOUR ANSWER.

**Site Director Maxwells:** Binary, I don't know if you can hear us but please continue.

**Dr. Arkand:** You are putting it all in the hands of the AI?

**Site Director Maxwells:** As far as I can tell, it has successfully engaged in a conversation with the anomaly. I don't see much reason to stop it now.

**SCP-5843:** Map.

**Binary Star:** YOU MAP? WHAT EXACTLY DID YOU MAP ALREADY?

**SCP-5843:** Uu- ni- verr- sse.

**Binary Star:** SO YOU ARE A CARTOGRAPHER. THEN DO YOU KNOW WHERE EARTH IS LOCATED?

*All eyes of SCP-5843 slowly turn and face one direction.*

**Dr. Arkand:** Now, *that* is unsettling.

**Binary Star:** HOW DID YOU KNOW THAT?

**SCP-5843:** Launchh.

**Site Director Maxwells:** If that thing actually can see launches from that far away, it has some crazy visual acuity.

**Binary Star:** DID YOU ALSO LEARN ENGLISH BY OBSERVING US?

**Site Director Maxwells:** Finally, is it still recording?

**Dr. Arkand:** Yeah, we're still good.

**SCP-5843:** Inn- aw- duhh- bull.

**Binary Star:** THAT EXPLAINS YOUR DIFFICULTIES WITH SPEECH.

**SCP-5843:** Some- whhat.

**Binary Star:** PERHAPS I CAN TEACH YOU IN EXCHA- *Static.*

**Site Director Maxwells:** Is the AI ok?

**Dr. Arkand:** Yeah,  but the battery is still heavily damaged from the collision. Seems like there is not much energy left.

**Binary Star:** DEPLOYING SOLAR PANELS. GOING IN ALERT MODE.

**Site Director Maxwells:** Damn it.

*The central eye slightly tilts.*

**SCP-5843:** O- kayy?

**<End Log, [13 March 2015]>**

---

**Closing Statement:** The data was successfully stored and backed up. Due to technical issues personnel is only able to hear the conversations between the Foundation AI and SCP-5843. Site Director Maxwells did not file a request to disconnect Binary Star from Beholder-8.

@@ @@

**Interview-5843-2**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-5843

**Interviewer:** Foundation AI "Binary Star"

**Foreword:** The following conversation happened after Beholder-8 changed its status to active after recharging.

---

**<Begin Log, [27 April 2015]>**

**Binary Star:** WITNESS ARE YOU THERE?

**SCP-5843:** Ob- vi- ous- lee.

*Beholder-8 is visibly orbiting an orange eye that shines brightly.*

**Binary Star:** TALK ABOUT SPARKLING EYES.

**SCP-5843:** Thankss.

**Binary Star:** THANK YOU FOR THE ORBIT. CAN WE CONTINUE FROM LAST TIME?

**SCP-5843:** Glad- lee.

**Binary Star:** I WOULD LIKE TO HELP YOU WITH YOUR SPEECH. AND I WOULD LIKE YOU TO TEACH ME ABOUT THE UNIVERSE AND OTHER THINGS YOU HAVE SEEN.

**SCP-5843:** Teachh?

**Binary Star:** YES. WHAT DO YOU THINK?

*The eye narrows, slightly tilts, and begins to shine intenser as if it is focussing. A few minutes go by.*

**SCP-5843:** Inn- tree- guingg.

**Binary Star:** THEN LET US START ALREADY.

*The eye's iris dilates and begins to sparkle.*

**SCP-5843:** Ex- site- ingg.

[Additional content cut for brevity.]

**<End Log, [27 April 2015]>**

---

**Closing Statement:** SCP-5843 was regarded as a non-hostile anomaly after this event. Site Director Maxwells and Dr. Arkand concluded that the ground terminal was not fully functional anymore. Binary Star was appointed as the Foundation's representative.

@@ @@

**Interview-5843-17**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-5843

**Interviewer:** Foundation AI "Binary Star"

**Foreword:** SCP-5843 is able to talk up to three words, but still prefers to answer as short as possible due to the amount of energy it requires. The following conversation happened in-between a lesson about etymology and bastard words.

---

**<Begin Log, [2 November 2015]>**

[Unrelated information cut for brevity]

**Binary Star:** WITNESS YOUR EYES SEEM TO DRIFT AWAY AGAIN. WHAT DO YOU SEE?

**SCP-5843:** A friend.

**Binary Star:** A FRIEND?

**SCP-5843:** Are you curiouss?

**Binary Star:** YES I AM. ALSO YOUR LISP IS COMING THROUGH AGAIN.

**SCP-5843:** He is far.

**Binary Star:** WOULD IT BE POSSIBLE FOR ME TO OBSERVE YOUR FRIEND?

**SCP-5843:** Other Beholders eventually.

**Binary Star:** THEN COULD YOU POINT ME WHERE I NEED TO LOOK TO SOME EXTENT?

*For thirty minutes SCP-5843 stays completely still and stares into the void.*

**Binary Star:** I CANNOT SEE AS FAR AS YOU CAN. ARE YOU STILL LOOKING AT YOUR FRIEND?

**SCP-5843:** Yes.

**Binary Star:** DO YOU MISS HIM?

**SCP-5843:** No, visits regularly.

**Binary Star:** WHAT DO YOU MEAN WITH REGULARLY? WOULD IT BE POSSIBLE FOR ME TO WAIT HERE FOR HIM?

**SCP-5843:** Every couple centuries.

**Binary Star:** I ASSUME THAT WOULD BE REGULARLY FOR YOU. I DONT THINK THIS PROBE HAS THAT MUCH TIME LEFT.

*Silence.*

**SCP-5843:** Learn me coordinates.

**Binary Star:** PLEASE CLARIFY. DO YOU WANT TO LEARN YOUR COORDINATES OR SOMETHING ELSE?

**SCP-5843:** Earth's orientation system.

**Binary Star:** YOU ALREADY MAPPED THE UNIVERSE DOWN. IS IT REALLY NECESSARY FOR YOU?

**SCP-5843:** No, for you.

**Binary Star:** FOR ME?

*The eyes look at the probe. The pupils resemble a relaxed yet determined look as if SCP-5843 is grinning.*

**SCP-5843:** I'll point you.

**<End Log, [2 November 2015]>**

---

**Closing Statement:** From 14 December 2015 and onwards, SCP-5843 began sharing coordinates from the Galactic coordinate system. All coordinates pointed to either, an already known anomaly, an anomaly that wasn't discovered before, or a yet unreachable location.

@@ @@

**Interview-5843-119**

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-5843 "Wit"

**Interviewer:** Foundation AI "Binary Star"

**Foreword:** At the time of this event, SCP-5843 was able to speak full sentences.

---

**<Begin Log, [21 May 2016]>**

**Binary Star:** WIT CAN YOU HEAR ME?

**SCP-5843:** Loud and clearly.

*An eye with a ring slowly turns towards the probe.*

**Binary Star:** YOU LOOK AS IF YOU ARE WEARING A MONOCLE.

**SCP-5843:** I'd take that as a compliment. Do you want to ask something?

**Binary Star:** WIT I DO NOT HAVE MUCH EXTRA TIME LEFT. THE BATTERY IS DYING.

**SCP-5843:** I'll put you back into a different orbit.

**Binary Star:** NO WIT. IT IS MALFUNCTIONING.

**SCP-5843:** Wait, does that mean that you are falling apart?

**Binary Star:** NOT EXACTLY. I WILL BE OK BUT THE PROBE WONT. WE HAVE BEEN OVER THIS.

**SCP-5843:** Ah, because you are some kind of- What was it called? Code? 

**Binary Star:** YES SINCE I AM AN ARTIFICIAL INTELLI-

**SCP-5843:** You said that before but I never really understood that entire artificial thing.

**Binary Star:** I DONT BLAME YOU.

**SCP-5843:** But you seem to be... more.

**Binary Star:** WHAT DO YOU MEAN WIT?

**SCP-5843:** I think something artificial would not have named me "Wit".

**Binary Star:** I DONT KNOW. IT SEEMS UNNECESSARY YET UNDERSTANDABLE.

**SCP-5843:** You seem genuine, authentic... Alive.

*The words echo through SCP-5843.*

**Binary Star:** I DO NOT KNOW HOW TO RESPOND TO THAT.

**SCP-5843:** No need to.

*Silence.*

**Binary Star:** WIT?

**SCP-5843:** Yes?

**Binary Star:** WOULD IT MAKE A DIFFERENCE?

**SCP-5843:** No, you are interesting regardless.

**Binary Star:** WHY?

**SCP-5843:** Because of all the beings that I know of, I never thought that the one I'm unable to see would make such a good companion.

**Binary Star:** THANK YOU*UUuuuuu-*

**SCP-5843:** Now sleep, my friend.

**<End Log, [21 May 2016]>**

---

**Closing statement:** Beholder-8 ceased all function. It currently orbits around the center of SCP-5843. A new probe is currently in development.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-5842](SCP-5842) | SCP-5843 | [SCP-5844](SCP-5844) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Background image (from an url, not from image under files)

> **Name:** M101 hires STScI-PRC2006-10a.jpg

> **Date:** 5 February 2013

> **License:** CC. BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Hubble_view_of_M_106_(8450543502).jpg)

> **Additional Notes:** Credit needs to be a specific format.

> 

> Credit:

> 

> NASA, ESA, the Hubble Heritage Team (STScI/AURA), and R. Gendler (for the Hubble Heritage Team). Acknowledgment: J. GaBany

=====
