{{> WELCOME, O5-6.}}

{{> O5-7 HAS SENT YOU A FILE TO REVIEW. ACCESS FILE?}}

{{yes}}

{{> ACCESSING FILE: SCP-5760}}

---

**Item #:** SCP-5760

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5760 is currently being held within the dry item storage wing of Site-19. Access to SCP-5760 is limited to those with Level 4 clearance.

**Description:** SCP-5760 is a mummified body, located beneath Site-19 during expansion efforts. Carbon dating shows that SCP-5760 is approximately 40,000 years old. Despite its extreme age, SCP-5760 is remarkably intact. While it was found encased in stone, it appears as if it had been preserved in ice. Traces of ink have been found within SCP-5760's inner left wrist, indicating SCP-5760 had a tattoo at some point, although it has been rendered unreadable through decay.

Any damage made to SCP-5760 repairs at an extremely rapid pace, with a large cut to the abdomen during an attempted autopsy fully closing itself within 15 seconds. 

The nervous system of SCP-5760, however, is fully intact and functional. Brain scans taken of SCP-5760 show that despite its state, it is still fully conscious. It is unknown exactly how much SCP-5760 is able to perceive in its otherwise dessiccated state.

No further anomalies have been found associated with SCP-5760.

**Addendum-A-1:** When SCP-5760 was recovered, it was found clutching an extremely aged piece of paper. Due to the age of the paper, it has been rendered nearly unreadable. Restoration efforts are currently underway.

---

{{> O5-7 HAS ATTACHED TWO FILES TO SCP-5760. ACCESS FILES?}}

{{yes}}

{{> ACCESSING MATERIALS...}}

{{> DISPLAYING FILE 1/2}}

> 
<details>
<summary>▷ DNA ANALYSIS RESULTS OF SCP-5760 10/26/19</summary>

> Following the discovery of SCP-5760's working nervous system, Foundation researchers performed a DNA Analysis. Once the results had been found and put within the Foundation network, it was immediately flagged as a Level 5, high threat document and an automatic protocol deployed MTF Alpha-1 ("Red Right Hand") to the site. 

> 

> The official story, the ones even you and the other O5s received, was that it was, as intially thought, just an error.

> 

> It was not. 

> 

> At face value, the results are almost entirely benign, nothing out of the ordinary. However, they were flagged because they showed an exact match with a member of the O5 council. Specifically, O5-4. 

> 

> I don't know what he's been up to, but this, along with the second file I've attached, shows me that right now we can't trust him.

> 

> I know you can keep a secret, Six. O5-4 doesn't even know that this exists and I want it to stay that way. 

> 

> And see if you can find anything out about this "Wondertainment."

>

</details>

{{> DISPLAYING FILE 2/2}}

> 
<details>
<summary>▷ Restored Document-5760-909 </summary>

>  **Wow!** After popular demand, we've brought back a brand new set of Little Misters, a limited edition collection from Dr. Wondertainment!

> ##white|I'm sorry.##

> Find them all and become the Brand New Mr. Collector!

>

> [00. Mr. Prologue](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/mr-prologue)

> 01. Mr. Dark

> [02. Mr. Remembrance](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5289)

> [03. Mr. Toxic](http://www.scp-wiki.net/SCP-1019)

> [04. Mr. Collector](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-redd) ✔

> 05. Mx. Voltage

> 06. ██. Gears

> 07. Mr. Memory

> [08. Mr. Nobody](SCP-6558)

> [09. Mr. Brainy](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6158)

> 10. Ms. Seraph

> [11. Mr. Chronal and Mr. Dimension](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6627)

> [12. Mr. Fish](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5527)

> 13. Mr. Epilogue

> 14. Mr. Redd (Discontinued)

>

</details>

<< [SCP-5759](SCP-5759) | SCP-5760 | [SCP-5761](SCP-5761) >>

=====

> **Filename:** mummy.jpg

> **Name:** File:Mummy 501594 fh000031.jpg

> **Author:** David Monniaux

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mummy_501594_fh000031.jpg)

=====
