=====

=====

/* Make redacted stuff invisible */

#header h1 a,

#header h2 span,

#header h2 span::before,

.no {

  color: transparent;

  text-shadow: none;

}

/* Hide the original page title */

#page-title {

  display: none;

}

/* Make my fake page title look like the original (thanks SCP-2998) */

.page-title {

  border-bottom: solid 1px #bbbbbb;

  color: #990011;

  font-weight: normal;

  margin: 0 0 0.6em;

  padding: 0 0 0.25em;

  font-size: 200%;

}

.page-title p {

  margin: 0;

}

/* Notices at the top of the page */

.notice {

  border: solid 1px #999999;

  background: #f2f2c2;

  padding: 5px;

  text-align: center;

  margin: 1rem;

}

.raisa.notice {

  background: #f2f2c2;

}

/* Parawatch forum pseudo-blockquotes

 * The CSS for component:parawatch-forum-post is normally provided by

 * theme:creepypasta, which isn't used here */

.parapost {

  background-color: var(--post-bg-color);

  border: 2px solid var(--post-border-color);

  border-left-width: 4px;

  padding: 0 1em;

  margin-top: -0.5em;

  margin-right: var(--post-base-margin);

  margin-bottom: 1em;

  margin-left: calc(

    var(~~nest-level) * var(~~post-nest-margin) + var(--post-base-margin)

  );

}

:root {

  --post-bg-color: #f9f9f9;

  --post-border-color: #999;

  --post-nest-margin: 1em;

  --post-base-margin: 3em;

}

.reply0 { margin-top: 1em; border-left-width: 6px; --nest-level: 0; }

.reply1 { --nest-level: 1; }

.reply2 { --nest-level: 2; }

.reply3 { --nest-level: 3; }

.reply4 { --nest-level: 4; }

.reply5 { --nest-level: 5; }

 

@media (min-width: 480px) and (max-width: 580px) {

  :root {

    --post-nest-margin: 0.5em;

    --post-base-margin: 0.5em;

  }

}

 

@media (max-width: 479px) {

  :root {

    --post-nest-margin: 1em;

    --post-base-margin: 0em;

  }

}

/* Colours for each character */

.parapost {

  ~~post-bg-color: hsl(var(~~char-hue), 33.3%, 97%);

  ~~post-border-color: hsl(var(~~char-hue), 33.3%, 50%);

}

.parapost p:first-child > span:first-child {

  color: var(--post-border-color) !important;

}

.parapost hr {

  background-color: var(--post-border-color);

}

.by-limonova  { --char-hue: 0; }

.by-vershinin { --char-hue: 240; }

.by-petrov    { --char-hue: 300; }

.by-mcfenton  { --char-hue: 120; }

SCP-

**NOTICE FROM CONTAINMENT OFFICER**

The following file is permanently locked. Reading this file is forbidden without adhering to specific instructions, which I will provide on request. Critically, do not attempt to understand what the object is or what it does (and DO NOT attempt to derive it from these instructions).

I have left the internal threads attached to the research logs. The same rules apply.

-- Kseniya Limonova, HMCL Supervisor, Site-33

2013-11-04

Unmodified file as of 1993-09-27 follows.

**GENERAL NOTICE**

Do not discuss it. Do not describe it. If you see it, stand still and shut the fuck up. If you need to tell someone about it, take their hand, drag them to a terminal, and point your finger at this notice.

This notice takes priority over the Special Containment Procedures below, which should be ignored.

-- Kseniya Limonova, Researcher, Site-33

27.09.1993

 _

**Item #:** SCP-████

**Special Containment Procedures:** Do not ████████ ████ SCP-████ ███████ ████████ ████ ██. █ ████████ ██ █ ██████ █████████. SCP-████ ██ ██ ██ ████ ██ ███ ███████████ ████, which was previously █ ███████ ██████ ██ ████-██. ███ ████ ██ ██ ██ ████ ██████ ██ ███ █████. ██ ██ █████████ ██ ████ ███████ ██ ██████ ████████████ ██ SCP-████ ███ ███ ████ ████████████ ███ ██ ██ █████████.

**Description:** SCP-████ ██ █ █████-█████ ███████ ███████. In all respects including █████████████ it is █████████ ██ █ ███████ ███████ ███████, however once ███████, ██ ██████ ██ ██████ ███████████ ████ ███ ███████████ ████. Nearby objects ██████ █████ and ██████████████, and objects with known properties ~~ for example, a fountain pen of known monetary value ~~ ██████ ███████. ███ ██████ ███████ ██ ████████ ██ █████████ ████ ███████ ███████ █████████ ██ ███ ███████.

SCP-████ ███ ██████████ ██ ███ █████████ ██ █ ████ ██████ ██ ████, ███████, █.█.█.█. in ████. █████ ██ ██ ███ █████ how SCP-████  came into the possession of ██. ██████, ██ ███ seemingly been aware ██ ███ █████████ ██████████, ██ █████████████ ████ █████ ██ ███ ███████ ██ ███ ████████ ████ ████ ██████████ ██ ██████████ ██ ████████ ███ █████ ████ ██ ███ ██████.

██ ████ ████ ██ ██ ███ █████ █████ ████ ██████ ██, ███ ██ ███ ████ ██████ ██ PoI-████.

**Addendum:**

**Experiment Log 01**

**Date:** 15.09.1993

**Experimenters:** Dr. K Limonova, Dr. R Vershinin

**Procedure:** The setup found in ██. ██████'█ ████████ was recreated. Several objects were placed nearby, along with ███████ inside ███ ███████, with a range of █████ ███ ███████ ██████████. For example, one such ████ was a ███ ██████ ████, but another was a ████ ██ ███████ ██████ in an ██████ box. SCP-████ was █████████ under ████████ █████████ ██████████ ██████████.

**Results:** Objects with █████ ██████████ ████ ████ and ██████ ███████. Objects with ███████ ██████████ retained them. Objects where ███ ████████████ ████ █ ████████ but the other did not only ████ ████ ████████ from the ███████████ ██ ███ ███ ███ ████ ██. When that ████████ was ████████████, it was ████ ███ ████. The ███████ inside the ███████ ████ ███ ██████████ except the ████ that they were ███████.

 _

**Experiment Log 02**

**Date:** 17.09.1993

**Experimenters:** Dr. S Petrov

**Procedure:** I wanted to see what would happen when I █████████ ███ █████, so I ████████ ███ ██████████ on the █████ ██████ to the testing room and ███████ ██ ████ ███████ ██ █ █████ into the SCP. I █████████ as many ██████ ███████ ██ █ █████ ████ everywhere in the room, at a much wider radius than before, in an attempt to establish a limit to its ████ ██ ██████. I also put some ███████ ██████ into it that I brought from home.

**Results:** All ███████ in the room within █.██ of the thing ████ ███ ██████████. They were █████████████████ ████ ████ █████! I picked up █████████ and could not ████████ █ ██████ █████ about it -- not ██████, not ███████, nothing. I'm just glad I ████'█ █████ ██ ████ █████. The ███████ inside the ███████ were treated ███████ ███ ████, though like before, they were still just ███████.

 _

**Experiment Log 03**

**Date:** 18.09.1993

**Experimenters:** Dr. R Vershinin

**Procedure:** The object was partially ████████████ to see if any anomalous ██████████ could be identified.

**Results:** Failure. I had difficulty opening it up, and even after I managed to do so, the feeling became worse as time went on. I found myself unable to ████████ ████████ ██████████ that I should have been very familiar with. After a while I became frustrated and ██████ ██ ████ ██.

 _

**Experiment Log 04**

**Date:** 24.09.1993

**Experimenters:** Dr. S Petrov

**Procedure:** I have unplugged the damned thing and wheeled its trolley down to a ███████ ██████ on the other side of the Site, into which I have interred it until somebody fucking replies to anything I say.

**Results:** TBA

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:parawatch-forum-post">:scp-wiki:component:parawatch-forum-post</a>

| username=Dr. K Limonova | color=blue

| date=25.09.1993 (FRI) | postno=5251E04M10

| depth=3 by-limonova | content=Okay. If the three of us are in consensus, then we either have a [/scp-3211 memory injection] scenario, or a reality erasure scenario. You are both certain that ██████ ██████ exists or existed, yes?

]]

 _

**Experiment Log 05**

**Date:** 25.09.1993

**Experimenters:** Dr. K Limonova, Dr. R Vershinin, S McFenton

**Procedure:** Dr. ██████ ██████ has gone missing, so we set out to find him. Dr. Limonova contacted Foundation superiors to call in more qualified assistance. Dr. Vershinin thoroughly scoured the research log forum, to find any flaws that could be indicative of reality erasure. Ms. McFenton looked through the security feeds from the night that Dr. ██████ disappeared, under the influence of drugs acquired from the Counterconceptual Division, to see if she could see him.

**Results:** TBA

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

[!--

The very last note is in a ListPages module. This is so that it'll update every day with the current date. The intent is to imply that wherever Petrov is, he's still there, today, as you're reading. I know, it's a cheap gimmick.

--]

##blue|**Dr. S Petrov**## %%updated_at|%d.%m.%Y (%a)%% #5251E05M108

---

███████?

 _

<< [SCP-5250](SCP-5250) | SCP-5251 | [SCP-5252](SCP-5252) >>

<script>

localStorage.setItem("scp5251-read", "true")

</script>

 

[!--

https://rossjrw.com/series-replace/?f=%5BA-z%5D&f=%28%3F%21%5Cs%29%28%5B%E2%96%88%5Cs%5D%2B%29%28%3F%3C%21%5Cs%29&r=%E2%96%88&r=%5B%5Bspan%20class%3D%22no%22%5D%5D%241%5B%5B%2Fspan%5D%5D

--]
