**Item #:** SCP-5385

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** 

<details>
<summary>+ Archived Special Containment Procedures</summary>

The Homeburg Hotel and the buildings around it have been purchased by the Foundation and barred from public entry. Biological matter acquired from SCP-5385 is to be contained within a freezer at -40 degrees celsius. Personnel who enter the hotel are to wear  Level-II Hazmat suits and be equipped with an incendiary tool in the event of being caught inside of SCP-5385.

Deaths related to SCP-5385 are to be given the cover story under the "Slasher-no-Slasher" protocol.

</details>

**Updated:** The remains of SCP-5385 and SCP-5385-A are to be stored in Level-I Bio Chambers and may be accessed for research purposes. 

The Homeburg Hotel and the surrounding buildings are closed off from the public and are currently being investigated for further anomalous activity. 

**Description:** 

SCP-5385 was an approximately 30-meter wide amorphous mass of flesh that was located in the center of the Homeburg Hotel Approximately 85-meters tall.  in Tampa, Florida, and had spread and embedded itself inside the infrastructure of the building around it. SCP-5385 is composed entirely of human skeletal smooth and striated tissue, with patches of bulbospongiosus and ischiocavernosus tissue being found in small quantities throughout it even after its neutralization. In its center, was a 5-meter-wide mass of functional cardiac tissue in the shape of a human heart and had a heart rate of 120 times per minute. SCP-5385 was capable of locomotion and had the ability to compress and elongate its mass.

Throughout SCP-5385's mass were the cadavers of 45 humans, 16 domestic canines, and 20 domestic felines. The cadavers' biological matter were structurally merged with SCP-5385's mass to the point where fully intact removal is impossible. Tumors in the shape of human heads were present on every cadaver. These tumors possessed facial features that appeared to be grinning with their eyes rolled back. All lacerations and injuries made to SCP-5385 and the attached cadavers rapidly regenerate. It is theorized that the corpses within the mass of SCP-5385 were trapped inside it after its sudden formation and died of suffocation, as its mass covering their abdomens would have prevented airflow.

SCP-5385-A is was an unknown entity with similar composition to SCP-5385. It was purplish in coloration, with its epidermis being covered in a viscous, mucus-like substance. SCP-5385-A's origins are currently unknown and its connection to SCP-5385 as well. 

An investigation into the Homeburg Hotel revealed that 8 weeks before the appearance of SCP-5385, several letters from a person self-identifying as Douglas Lamb were sent to it to an unknown individual. Transcripts of them are provided below.

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-5385 Letter Documentation</summary>

> 

> My love! It tears my heart to know that I can not feel and caress your tender and plump body of my every waking moment. Your eyes are like windows into your soul. How I wish to see your bosom shine under the star-lit sky! To feel every curve of your soft, glorious body.

> 

>  I know you have watched me as I watch you, and that you feel the same way. For that very reason, I cannot be an admirer any longer. I must be with you.  Dream of me as you sleep, as I will dream of you.

> 

> 

>  I write this missive to you in time of my euphoria. I admit I thought of you constantly as I committed the act. I have no shame in telling you this, for you belong to me as I belong to you. Yes! I cannot say or write that enough. I have loved you since I was just a lad. How I watched and released myself of tension for many hours in my early youth.

> 

> I remind myself every morning how blessed I am to be able to see you. No one else could but me, not even the old man, who claims to be your father.  Which I find prosperous, something so beautiful can never spawn from such a wicked, vile being.  My Grandfather always told me I was special, that I was bestowed a gift from God.

> 

>  But I don't care about that, I'll trade it all if I could be with you. So now, as I reached the height of my adulthood, I wish for you to give me a sign of your affection towards me. I cannot make the move in person unless I know for sure you are ready. I am a gentleman, not a thug.

> 

>  I will wait outside. Watching.

> 

> 

> 

> 

> A few hours ago I was just chased and yelled at by the Old Man to get away from you. Why? Have I done something wrong? Have I not been celibate for all these years just for you? Have I not been faithful? Then why? Only you could have known I will be there. You called him. You called that old buffon to cast me out of your presence and into the mud as if I was a Beef-head! I could have killed him with a thought, but I didn't out of respect for you. But yet, you knew that, and still sent him.

> 

> 

> How dare you! I'm your only true lover. Your only friend. Your soulmate. You cannot abandon me like I'm second rate. Ycan't Ilve you I love  **[Unintelligible Writing]**

> 

> 

>  ....and if you do choose that route then so be it! I will give my love to someone of higher class. I don't need you, nor will I ever!!

> 

> 

> Forgive me. I acted like a child. You did not cast me beside out of malice, but out of love. Your love is not like mine, no. It is a more mature, refined one. You wanted to test me to see if I could court you, and I failed; miserably.

> 

>  You want a strong, reliable man. Not a wispy-washy weak, effeminate one. A man's man, one that would be the foundation of your body and take control of the situation. Yes! I would prove myself for you. My grandfather told me many times I came from a line of great men. Powerful individuals that once made inferior specimen quake from the mention of their name. I have that power too, he always said, to make wishes into reality. Maybe that's how I found you, I wanted to find someone as perfect as you. I must go back to my roots so I can lead us further into our future.

> 

> I will return in a fortnight. And when I do, I will be a man worthy of your love!

> 

> 

> 

> I have climbed the tallest mountain and traveled the twelve seas. I have seen my true nature and scoffed in its face. I rebuked it, ate it, and excreted it from my vessel. The only thing that remains is me, power, and my ever-lasting adoration for you.

> 

>  That mind. That body. That soul. Everything you are is mine, and everything I am is yours. Forever and ever. Our souls will be fused into one being and I will know everything you are. I will think your thoughts. I will become them.  Every movement, every laugh, every molecule on your body will be as if it was my own. I have found the wheel to turn these gears made out of love into reality!

> 

> Yes!

> 

> The time has come! Tomorrow, we will be one!

> 

>

</details>

18 hours after this letter was delivered to the local authorities, an unidentified man entered the Homeburg Hotel naked. Several hours after this, reports of a flesh hive were reported to the local authorities in the area and Foundation agents were deployed to asset the situation. The agents then found a large amount of bio-mass that would later be classified as SCP-5385 and set up a perimeter under an ammonia leak cover story.

****SCP-5385 Incident-001:****

On February 14th, 2004, SCP-5385 began to show signs of vertical movement beneath its surface; its center, the heart, also began to rapidly beat. Several seconds later, it began to transform.

**[BEGIN LOG]**

---

**{{[00:00]}}** Timeframe is recorded in minutes.  SCP-5385's lower parts begin to twist and elongate, with ossification being observed within its crevices at the same time. The upper section also begins going through a similar process.

**{{[00:04]}}** The upper and lower sections of SCP-5385 begin to resemble humanoid arms and legs and attempt to move. As it tries to stand with its legs, it uses its arms to grab the structure to support itself but is inhibited by its sagging mass. Simultaneously, the flesh of the cadavers trapped within SCP-5385 begins to pull away from their bodies and fuse with the main mass; all that is left are bones. This new mass travels beneath the skin of SCP-5385 and convulse until it starts to compress on itself, giving the mass the shape of a humanoid.

**{{[00:08]}}** SCP-5385 latches onto the roof with its arms as its legs dangle in the air and swings in a back and forth motion before letting go of the roof, and falling into the lobby of the Homeburg Hotel, destroying four floors in the process and causing pieces of wood and concrete to erupt beneath its feet.

**{{[00:12]}}** Hundreds of faces bearing the same expression as the tumors on the cadavers appear on the skin of SCP-5385 as the entity begins to dig into the floor of the hotel lobby. Once SCP-5385 has ceased digging, a large crevice in the floor is seen. A loud, wet noise, similar to meat being slapped on stone, is heard from this crevice when a purplish, cone-shaped mass of flesh emerges from it, hereby designated as SCP-5385-A. SCP-5385-A's surface then splits open into four sections, revealing a pink tube, and vocalizes "YOU WILL BECOME UNTO ME, AS I WILL BE UNTO YOU."

**{{[00:16]}}** SCP-5385's skin ruptures, causing the tumors to fall off its body and shrivel into an atrophied state. Cone-shaped masses then begin to grow and take their place where the tumors once were as they release large amounts of white foam.

**{{[00:20]}}**  A head begins to rapidly form at the top of SCP-5385's section as a nose, a pair of eyes, ears, and a mouth takes shape. The face then mimics the expression found on the tumors and enters, head first, into SCP-5385-A, causing foam to overflow from inside it.  SCP-5385 then vocalizes, albeit muffled due to its head being inside SCP-5385-A, "TO THE END OF TIME. TOGETHER FOREVER." Unidentifiable noises are heard for several minutes before SCP-5385 and SCP-5385-A both begin to vibrate and eventually combust.

---

**[END LOG]**

After this event, SCP-5385 and SCP-5385-A were both reclassified as neutralized.

****Timmy Orseworth's Statement:****

The former owner of the Homeburge Hotel, Timmy Orseworth, gave a statement regarding the letters from PoI-584  to the local authorities before SCP-5385's formation. An excerpt was retrieved and is provided below.

> 

> 

>  

> 

> I'm telling you,  you need to find that kid. Fucking weirdo. I  swear to God he isn't right in the head. He talks in this strange way and never looks you in the eye either. I keep telling people to keep their kids away from that television. And when they start looking at me like I'm crazy, I take them by the arm and point at *him*! Then I say, "That's what happens when you let television raise your kids". They listen after that. That they do.

> 

> 

> Proof? What other proof do you want? I gave you the letters, didn't I? He's not mentally sound, put him in a straight coat or something. I don't care what you do just keep him away. Why didn't any woman come to you? Cause there isn't one. That boy doesn't want a  woman or a man. In fact, he doesn't want any human.  

> 

> Let me tell you something. A year after I had my Hotel built, I saw that punk wandering around the building every single day. Raining, cold, or hot, it didn't matter. He was determined to be out there no matter what. One day I decided to see what the fuck is his problem and found him in the act. Motherfucker had his dick rubbing against the wall of my building!

> 

> That boy don't want no woman. He wants that building.

<< [SCP-5384](SCP-5384) | SCP-5385 | [SCP-5386](SCP-5386) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
