---

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Charles Yung, PhD

MTF G-6 "Deep Feeders" and MTF G-5 "Red Herrings"

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** An exclusion zone of 1000^^2^^km shall be maintained around SCP-5916's own 560^^2^^km "zone". All flights, cruises, and vessels carrying boxers (as defined in Experiment Log 5916) must be diverted away from or around the 1000^^2^^km exclusion zones. Instances of SCP-5916 are to be tracked via tag transmitters and recaptured if the transmitter becomes faulty or nonresponsive. All incidents must be investigated by Mobile Task Force Gamma-6 ("Deep Feeders"), coordinating with MTF Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings") on repression of any information relating to SCP-5916 incidents.

**Description:** SCP-5916 is the designation of six (formerly ten) great white sharks (*Carcharodon carcharias*) that inhabit the world's oceans. They generally appear to be ordinary members of the species, however, all known instances of SCP-5916 are identifiable by a large, dark patch of bruising around one of their eyes (a 'black eye'), and several missing teeth that they are evidently unable to regrow. Behaviorally, instances of SCP-5916 show no anomalous properties other than an apparent inability to stray outside a region approximately 560^^2^^km in diameter.

[[collapsible show="+ [SCP-5916 INSTANCES]" hide="- hide="[ACCESS GRANTED]"]]

| SCP-5916 Instances and Current Statuses |
| --- |
| Designation | Status |
| SCP-5916-1 | Active |
| SCP-5916-2 | Active |
| SCP-5916-3 | Neutralized |
| SCP-5916-4 | Active |
| SCP-5916-5 | Active |
| SCP-5916-6 | Neutralized |
| SCP-5916-7 | Active |
| SCP-5916-8 | Neutralized |
| SCP-5916-9 | Neutralized |
| SCP-5916-10 | [REDACTED] |

SCP-5916's properties trigger when a professional boxer (defined as someone who has been paid to attend a refereed boxing match) enters the region.

Shortly after a boxer has entered its region of the ocean, SCP-5916 will become hostile and immediately accelerate towards the intruder at speeds in excess of Mach 6. Roughly twenty seconds before acceleration, SCP-5916's attack is preceded by a disembodied sound of a boxing bell ringing three times, which by means of observing past victims of SCP-5916 and testimonies of D-Class personnel before their deaths by SCP-5916, only the target can hear.

SCP-5916's victim is typically obliterated upon impact, along with whatever transport they were using. All instances of SCP-5916 suffer no ill effects from the stresses and extreme heat of such speeds, instantly decelerate when their target is dead, and in cases of attacking aircraft, seem to receive no damage from falling back into the sea.

SCP-5916 came to the Foundation's attention in 19██ off the coast of Central Africa after Flight ██████ of █████████ Airline's vanishing coincided with an oceanic sonic boom directly under its last known location. A pattern for its attack "criteria" was formulated after the appearance of other SCP-5916 instances, leading to current containment protocols.

@@@@

---

[[collapsible show="+ [LEVEL 2 ACCESS REQUIRED]" hide="- hide="[ACCESS GRANTED]"]]

>

> Since Foundation monitoring began in 19██, four instances of SCP-5916 have been neutralized: 5916-3, 5916-6, 5916-8, and 5916-9.

>

* **5916-3:** Neutralized in 19██ when its body washed up on the shores of ████ ████. Autopsy revealed a partially-destroyed jet turbine lodged in its throat. With no way to swallow food, 5916-3 likely starved.

* **5916-6:** Neutralized in 19██ when it attempted to ram a Concorde jet, charging at a speed far beyond anything previously recorded. 5916-6 appears to have miscalculated its attack, missing the jet by several dozen miles and throwing itself out of Earth orbit.

* **5916-8:** Considered neutralized in 19██ when it suddenly dove downward at attacking speed and Foundation observers lost visual. Hydrophones reveal 5916-8 suddenly disappearing almost 1km from the seabed.  

* **5916-9:** Altercation with 5916-10.

[[collapsible show="+ [LEVEL 3 ACCESS REQUIRED]" hide="- hide="[ACCESS GRANTED]"]]

SCP-5916-10 is a mobile instance of SCP-5916, not bound by a zone and swimming in a random pattern around the world's oceans. Its appearance is differentiated from the other instances of SCP-5916 by a slightly larger size and the addition of a darker patch of skin on its underbelly, resembling a championship belt, along with a long piece of coral that SCP-5916-10 carries clenched between its teeth.

In contrast to the other instances of SCP-5916, SCP-5916-10 chooses not to attack other boxers, and based on interviews with it, considers most unworthy opponents.

[[collapsible show="+ [LEVEL 4 ACCESS REQUIRED]" hide="- hide="[ACCESS GRANTED]"]]

SCP-5916-10 is, evidently, sapient. After displaying unusual behavior near Foundation divers attempting to tag it, 5916-10 began to speak English. Though muddled by the water, setting up a mechanism to render 5916-10's speech clear was trivial, and an interview took place between Foundation researcher Dr. Yung and SCP-5916 on ██/██/█████. Excerpt from interview follows:

> **Dr. Yung:** Do you have a name?

>

> **5916-10:** For God's sake, it's Bruce! THE Bruce! You been living under a rock?

>

> **Dr. Yung:** Forgive me, but I'm not the type to keep up with sports.

>

> **5916-10:** Well, now's my turn for questions. What's that weird yellow thing you put on my fin?

>

> **Dr. Yung:** It's so we can keep track of you.

>

> **5916-10:** I'm not under house arrest again, am I?

>

> **Dr. Yung:** No, we want to know where you are so we can keep, uh, certain people away from you.

>

> **5916-10:** I don't bother with that. Look, I ain't young, but I'm still the champ for a reason. I got nothin' to prove, and you two-legs aren't worth the effort anyway. It's those young 'uns I have to smack down every once in a while.

>

> **Dr. Yung:** You mean 5916-9?

>

> **5916-10:** Who?

>

> **Dr. Yung:** The other of your kind you neutralized. ██/█/████? Off the coast of ███████?

>

> **5916-10:** Oh, right. Little punk thought he could take me with a sucker punch. Showed him.

<< [SCP-5915](SCP-5915) | SCP-5916 | [SCP-5917](SCP-5917) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
