**Enter your authorization key:**

0xh723hfva83445na7fn342h

**Status verified. Welcome, Holder #013.**

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **REMEMBER NOT TO FORGET.**

> 

> ~~-~~-

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Knowledge of SCP-5237's existence is held solely by the O5-Council and the designated Holder. The Holder Protocol is to be followed at all times.

---

**Description:** SCP-5237 is a cognitive memetic hazard which has been observed to occur in two phases. The first phase, termed "incubation", occurs when an individual becomes aware of the concept of SCP-5237. The second phase, termed "activation", occurs when SCP-5237 is excluded from an incubated individual's conscious thought process for a period of approximately five minutes. Individuals in these circumstances will anomalously fulminate. Violently explode without combustive factors. 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> 

> **REMEMBER NOT TO FORGET.**

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

---

<details>
<summary>Holder Protocol</summary>

The Holder Protocol was developed and implemented following a leisure discussion on theoretical anomalies between O5-█ and O5-█. As all other members were present at the time, the entire O5-Council became unknowingly subject to incubation by SCP-5237. As the group was beginning to move forward with documentation review, O5-█ suggested conducting a test around the discussed theorized anomaly as a precaution, on the chance it turned out to be true. One D-Class personnel was brought in and the concept was explained as a thought experiment. The D-Class appeared uninterested and was returned to their cell. Shortly afterwards, SCP-5237 activated.

> ~~-~~-

> 

> 

> **REMEMBER NOT TO FORGET.**

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> +++++ **HOLDER PROTOCOL**

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Current Holder:** D-10572 (Holder #013)

> 

> **Purpose:** To contain knowledge of SCP-5237 in the event of the dismantling or destruction of the O5-Council. Due to uncertainties regarding the anomaly's presence within the general psychosphere, all requests of neutralization are denied. 

> 

> **Selection Process:** In the event of the death of the Current Holder, a D-Class from the Scheduled Terminations list is to be selected, their termination revoked, and assigned to the role of the Holder. Preference should lean towards individuals with a high short-term memory score.

> 

> **Transition Process:** Immediately following assignment to Holder, the selected D-Class personnel is to be anesthetized and their vocal cords severed. Following the procedure, the Holder is placed into a secured room and provided with this entire document on an encrypted drive. Provisions, including food and water, are to be withheld until it can be confirmed that the Holder has read and is aware of the contents of the document through affirmative prompts. Afterwards, the subject may be transferred back to their appropriate chamber and held until expiration. The Holder is restricted from being assigned to any other tasks or roles, including those of regular D-Class personnel. Automated reminders are pinged to the current holder and all O5 members every 60 seconds to ensure containment procedures are upheld.

> 

> **Acknowledged Risks:** As the Holder has been rendered unable to speak, there is no risk of sharing information obtained from this document. In the event of the death of an affected O5 member, the proceeding replacement will not be made aware of SCP-5237 or this document. 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> 

> **REMEMBER NOT TO FORGET.**

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

</details>

---

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/deathbygin More from this author...]

---

<< [SCP-5236](SCP-5236) |  SCP-5237 | [SCP-5238](SCP-5238) >>
