**Item #:** SCP-5781

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All buildings that appeared as a result of SCP-5781 are to continue operating, with discreet supervision. PoI-94707 should be monitored for any further suspicious activity.

**Description:** SCP-5781 refers to an event that began on November 26th 1999, wherein multiple buildings spontaneously appeared on the coasts of Florida, United States over a 3 day period. Branding indicates that these buildings belong to *Alan Investigations*, a private detective firm which lacks any record of existence prior to the date SCP-5781 began.

Following these appearances, *Alan Investigations* began receiving exorbitant monetary investments from residents in the area, as well as multiple corporate entities globally. Interviews with these investors show that these investments were voluntary, as all were motivated by predictions of the company's future success, as well as "the founder's charisma".

Alan Ghayter, founder of *Alan Investigations* and hereafter referred to as PoI-94707, has denied any suspicion of money-laundering to authorities in the area, and is currently battling various legal disputes.

<details>
<summary>+ Interview Log with PoI-94707</summary>

> **Interview Log 5781-A**

> 

> **Date Conducted:** 03/01/2000

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Trevelyan Veil

> 

> **Interviewee:** PoI-94707 ("Alan Ghayter")

> 

> **Foreword:** Throughout the interview, PoI-94707 spoke with an intense lisp, as well as an accent atypical of a Floridian, in spite of his claims of being raised in the state. When asked, the subject claimed the reasoning was due to "Atlantic descent".

> 

> Additionally, PoI-94707's physical appearance was incredibly disheveled, for reasons the subject claimed was due to his ongoing legal battles.

> 

> **BEGIN LOG**

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** Good evening, Mr. Ghayter.

> 

> **PoI-94707:** *(Does not respond, vaguely gestures)*

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** I assume you understand why you're here?

> 

> **PoI-94707:** Yes. Legal bullshit.

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** Rest assured, Mr. Ghayter, nothing here will be related to your on-going legal trouble. We're much more interested in certain... events that have transpired recently.

> 

> **PoI-94707:** *Hurrrh?*

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** Mainly, in regards to your business, or until recently, lack thereof. To my understanding, you run a private detective firm, correct?

> 

> **PoI-94707:** Not detective. *Investigator.*

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** Yes, well... simply put, your business - or even *you* - has no record of existence prior to the 26th of November of last year.

> 

> **PoI-94707:** Yes. I changed my name.

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** I see. If you don't mind, what was your old name?

> 

> **PoI-94707:** Al.

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** Al... Ghayter?

> 

> **PoI-94707:** Yes.

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** *(Writing)* ...thank you, Mr. Ghayter. Now, about the business, would you mind sharing an explanation for its sudden appearance?

> 

> **PoI-94707:** Very stupid question, doctor. It didn't exist until I started it.

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** That's precisely the issue - there is no record of you ever starting it. I'd imagine that's where a fair share of your legal trouble is stemming from.

> 

> **PoI-94707:** I did, long time ago. In my homeplace. Humans blame me when they never saw it. Aaaaaall humans are stupid.

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** Excuse me, Mr. Ghayter? Humans?

> 

> **PoI-94707:** *Gragh*- people. All people are stupid.

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** ...okay. So you *did* start Alan Investigations, just not under any actual official guidelines or personnel who could've verified it for you?

> 

> **PoI-94707:** Yes. PoI-94707 refused to elaborate. 

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** The buildings' sudden appearances?

> 

> **PoI-94707:** Efficiency.

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** Right. And do you have anything to say about the various investments you've received from local residents and corporations alike?

> 

> **PoI-94707:** People like to invest in gators.

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** Hm?

> 

> **PoI-94707:** *Guhh*- people like investigators.

> 

> **Dr. Veil:** *(Sighs)* Alright. That'll be all, Mr. Ghayter. Thank you for your time.

> 

> **END LOG**

> 

> **Closing Notes:** "People certainly aren't investing for his charisma, I'll say that much. I wonder if he'd consider looking into skincare routines some time. Or even picking up a razor." - Dr. Veil

</details>

<< [SCP-5780](SCP-5780) | SCP-5781 | [SCP-5782](SCP-5782) >>
