**SCP-5786**

**Author:** 

---

**More things I made**

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/petition-to-ban-margssentif Please Sign This Petition!!!]

# 

# Many more images containing SCP-5786 had been captured by amateur photographer William Mumler. Mumler's work was later discredited as fake by Foundation operatives.| width=200px| height=300px]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation webcrawlers are patrolling image hosting and social media sites to locate and delete images of SCP-5786. Images of SCP-5786 gaining widespread attention will be debunked as an edited image or a development error by coverup agents.

In the event of an SCP-5786 instance becoming corporeal, all individuals who were present at the event shall be given a convincing cover story. Usage of Class-C Amnestics and lower is authorised. All photographs of SCP-5786 taken at the event are to be destroyed or replaced with doctored versions without SCP-5786.

Foundation-owned media outlets will periodically publish articles and fund advertisements describing the superiority of digital cameras over traditional film cameras. When possible, markets will be manipulated to make digital cameras more affordable.

**Description:** SCP-5786 are incorporeal humanoid entities that become visible when captured in photographs taken using any variety of camera film.

SCP-5786 instances range in transparency, colour, and form. The majority are near-invisible, featureless, and only vaguely humanoid. Some are much more distinct, even bearing recognisable facial features. Interviewed civilians who took photographs of particularly defined SCP-5786 stated a perceived resemblance between the instances and recently deceased family members.

SCP-5786 are always captured in photographs of events with sentimental significance, most frequently appearing during weddings, funerals, graduations, birthdays and baby showers. SCP-5786 instances are more likely to appear in photographs taken soon after the death of a close friend or family member, with appearances declining from then on.

Instances of SCP-5786 appear next to or between people in the photograph, often attempting to hug or otherwise interact with them. Individuals who have been close to SCP-5786 recall feeling sensations of warmth from an unknown source.

Rarely, SCP-5786 instances have become temporarily tangible and visible to the naked eye, primarily during funerals or shortly after a death. These manifestations will disappear shortly after.

**Addendum:** An SCP-5786 instance became fully visible inside of a chapel on 12/01/21 during the funeral of Wilbur Brooke. The attendees fled and the instance dematerialised shortly after the arrival of law enforcement. The subsequent Foundation coverup was successful.

Foundation Agents recovered the following text written on the back of the funeral programme of Wilbur’s son, Jack Brooke. The handwriting was near illegible.

> 

> I remember when I saw you just after you were born. Your cute little hands squeezed my fingers and I knew I wouldn't ever leave you.

> 

> When you were three, we started putting aside money for your university. Even then I had the feeling that you were a smart cookie.

> 

> You were ten when I got the diagnosis. I knew I would have to pull through for you and Melinda.

> 

> My heart stopped beating the same day that you got accepted into your dream university. My biggest regret is not living long enough to hug you and tell you how proud I was. How proud I *still* am.

> 

> Now here you are, a proper man, ready to face the world.

> 

> I have to go now, but you're going to do big things, Jackie. 

> And I'll be here to watch them.

<< [SCP-5785](SCP-5785) | SCP-5786 | [SCP-5787](SCP-5787) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Lincoln.jpg

> **Name:** Mumler (Lincoln).jpg

> **Author:** [William H. Mumler](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_H_Mumler)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mumler_(Lincoln).jpg)

=====
