::-webkit-scrollbar-thumb

{

  background: #6a6c6e;

}

---

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-19

J. Karlyle Aktus

~~Dr. John Holden~~

Dr. Benjamin Davis

N/A

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-5944 is to be housed at Site-19 inside a modified Foundation containment unit installed with a biometric lock, openable only to on-site staff with Level 5 clearance or above. Additionally, the unit should possess a numeric keypad, and the correct 10 key combination should be changed on a daily basis via remote software. Staff are to maintain a distance of 20 metres from SCP-5944's containment unit at all times. All interaction with SCP-5944 must pass a majority vote by O5 command. Currently, removal of SCP-5944 from its containment unit is strictly prohibited. 

Personnel may only be assigned duties involving SCP-5944 for a maximum of 7 days, at which point they are to undergo a full psychological evaluation before rotation to another area. Personnel who fail the psychological evaluation, or violate the 20 metre exclusion zone, are to be deemed a security risk and undergo immediate amnestic treatment. 

---

<details>
<summary>► Unrevised Special Containment Procedures:</summary>

SCP-5944 is to be be housed at Site-19 inside a modified Foundation containment unit installed with a biometric lock, openable only to on-site staff with Level 3 clearance or above. Additionally, the unit should possess a numeric keypad, and the correct 10 key combination should be changed on a bi-weekly basis. Handling of SCP-5944 should be done in 5 minute “shifts” between two personnel. When removing SCP-5944 from its containment unit, hazardous material suits should be worn, and metal implements should be used to place the object in a secure transport container. In rooms in which SCP-5944 is to be tested, no adhesives or sharp instruments are to be present. Any personnel that have come into direct physical contact with SCP-5944 should immediately report to medical staff for a full psychological evaluation and placed on a supervised 7-day administrative leave.

</details>

---

**Description:** SCP-5944 is a ~~tactile~~ cognitohazard in the form of an anomalous translucent crystal. Healthy individuals, when exposed to SCP-5944 through continuous physical contact, become transfixed with SCP-5944 in addition to the development of paranoia and suicidal ideation. Onset of this effect has been recorded to occur anything between 40 seconds and 12 minutes. These effects can also be triggered through close proximity to SCP-5944, although without physical contact the process typically takes weeks to months. If left uninterrupted, an individual will eventually attempt to affix SCP-5944 to their body with nearby adhesives, such as glue or tape. If no suitable adhesives are present, the individual will proceed to cut through their subcutaneous tissueThe lowermost layer of the integumentary system. with a sharp instrument in an effort to insert SCP-5944 under their skin. In the event no such instruments are available, the individual will simply bite through their flesh until there is a sufficient opening. Once SCP-5944 is secured, either internally or externally, the individual will attempt to commit suicide via the most readily available means. If options are limited, the individual will induce death through blunt-force trauma via continued impact of the head onto the nearest hard surface. In this state, the individual will show no regard for pain or bodily damage. This process can only be interrupted through tranquillisation and removal of SCP-5944. A full recovery from SCP-5944’s cognitohazardous effects is possible, but highly variable. At present, full psychological recoveries range between 17 days and 10 months. Upon recovery, individuals affected by SCP-5944 will have no recollection of the events following direct contact with the object. When handling SCP-5944, barriers that prevent direct skin contact with the object have shown to inhibit SCP-5944’s effects and slow psychological decline.

SCP-5944 is capable of continued reanimation of up to five deceased corpses at any one time. Efforts to reanimate more than 5 corpses simultaneously (consisting of previously deceased Class-D personnel, which shall henceforth be collectively referred to as SCP-5944-1) have been met with failure. At present, the exact conditions required for reanimation are poorly understood. Two deceased Class-D personnel of the same sex and similar physical characteristics can result in opposite outcomes, with no apparent change in methodology. Direct skin contact between a test subject and SCP-5944 is required for reanimation, taking an average of 8 minutes to complete. Over the course of reanimation, an SCP-5944-1 instance will slowly regain motor functions starting with facial spasming, then contraction and relaxation of the extremities, and finally full locomotion and consciousness. If no facial spasming can be seen by the 5 minute mark, it can be assumed the reanimation was unsuccessful. Moreover, if skin contact between SCP-5944 and an instance of SCP-5944-1 is broken before reanimation is complete, the SCP-5944-1 instance will instantaneously expire, and all subsequent reanimation attempts will fail. If the reanimation is successful, all further decomposition will cease. 

SCP-5944’s colouration is dependent on the number of subjects currently animated. When no instances of SCP-5944-1 are currently animated, SCP-5944 will be dull and colourless. The reanimation of one SCP-5944-1 instance results in a change of colouration to a glowing blue hue. Animating a second instance results in the adoption of a violet colouration, a third a lime-green, a fourth orange, and a fifth a deep red. As discovered by Dr. Holden, SCP-5944’s ability to reanimate a corpse is highly dependent on the amount of time it has spent deceased and the stage of decomposition. To clarify: 

* Stage 1 - Fresh: 40% success rate

* Stage 2 - Bloat:  32% success rate

* Stage 3 - Active decay:  11% success rate

* Stage 4 - Advanced decay:  2% success rate

* Stage 5 - Skeletonization: 0% success rate

Loss of cognitive ability has been observed to be correlated with the amount of time between death and reanimation. Fresh corpses typically have no observable loss of mental acuity, whilst stage 2 reanimations typically lose between 12-17 IQ points. Stage 3 reanimations experience a sharp decline in cognitive ability, with a mean IQ point loss of 37. The single successful stage 4 reanimation resulted in an instance of SCP-5944-1 completely incapable of higher thought, communication and reasoning. SCP-5944-1 instances do not require food or water to remain functional, nor do they have any need of sleep. If an instance of SCP-5944-1 consumes solid food, the food will become trapped in the upper oesophagus due to the loss of peristaltic activityInvoluntary smooth muscle contractions that propel food through the oesophagus and intestines.. Whilst SCP-5944-1 instances report they possess tactile feedback, they do not feel pain. Any damage inflicted on an instance of SCP-5944-1 will be permanent. Fractures will not heal, bruises will not fade and lacerations will not result in the formation of scar tissue. Given that all metabolic functions have ceased, how SCP-5944-1 instances are capable of consciousness, locomotion and sight is unknown. Subsequent MRI imaging has revealed no brain activity in instances of SCP-5944-1 despite full consciousness throughout the scan. Tissue samples taken from active cases of SCP-5944-1 have been analysed through light and electron microscopy, but are indistinguishable from a normal cadaver.

Initial communication between instances of SCP-5944-1 and Foundation personnel were difficult due to the fact they lack a functioning pulmonary system and are therefore unable to vocalise. SCP-5944-1 instances with intact eyes can be prompted to communicate through written means. Means of communication are usually limited to stage 1 and 2 reanimations, as past this point the eyes are usually rendered inoperable due to the effects of decomposition. Thus far, all instances of SCP-5944-1 have become extremely agitated and distressed when asked if they have any recollection of the events between their death and subsequent reanimation. Any mention of Heaven, Hell, or [REDACTED] will also illicit this response, regardless of the context. For further information, see SCP-5944-1 Interview Logs.  

Instances of SCP-5944-1 are notably difficult to terminate post reanimation. Although they are not immune to physical damage, they remain functional and responsive far past the point of a non-anomalous human. Deduced from eye and facial movements, instances of SCP-5944-1 have been shown to remain sentient even when 96% of their body has been completely incinerated. SCP-5944 will continue to emit the same colouration even if 100% of the reanimated biomass from an SCP-5944-1 instance has been incinerated, suggesting that the remaining ashes may, in some form, remain sentient. For more information regarding SCP-5944-1 termination attempts, see SCP-5944-1 Experiment Logs.

The only known mechanism in which to return SCP-5944 to its previous colouration is to relocate the remains of an SCP-5944-1 instance a minimum distance of 15 kilometres from SCP-5944. Once this distance is reached, instances of SCP-5944-1 will rapidly decompose leaving only skeletal remains, and SCP-5944 will return to its previous colouration. Rate of decomposition is directly correlated with the distance from SCP-5944. Functional instances of SCP-5944-1 become extremely distressed when over 10 kilometres from SCP-5944 . Moreover, instances of SCP-5944-1 seem to instinctively know when they are a distance away from SCP-5944, and will attempt to reduce the distance, even if they were not informed of SCP-5944's location. 

**Addendum 5944-01:** Measurements of SCP-5944's light output have revealed a decrease 

of 0.09 Lumen since initial containment, suggesting the anomalous properties of SCP-5944 

may be finite. If SCP-5944 continues to dim at its current rate, it will become inert in

approximately 1700 years. It is currently unknown if reanimation of multiple instances of SCP-5944-1 accelerates the rate of dimming. ~~Further research is ongoing~~.  

**Addendum 5944-02:** Due to concerns raised by the Ethics Committee, all reanimation experiments are to be ceased indefinitely. 

---

<details>
<summary>► Video Transcript of First Reanimation </summary>

> 

> **VIDEO TRANSCRIPT - EXPOSURE OF D-1482 TO SCP-5944**

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Experimenter:** Dr. John Holden

> **Subject:** D-1482 

> **Foreword:** Dr. Holden is stood outside the test chamber and communicating with 

> D-1482 via intercom. 

> 

> ----

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Please direct your attention to the crystalline object in front of you.

> 

> **D-1482:** What's this about, Doc? 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Please, pick up the object. 

> 

> **D-1482:** Sorry, but I ain't touching shit until you tell me what's gonna happen. 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** As per our agreement, pick up the object. This isn't up for debate. 

> 

> *D-1482 tentatively picks up SCP-5944 and holds it up to the light, eyeing it curiously.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Please continue to hold the object and describe any sensations you

> experience. 

> 

> **D-1482:** The hell is this thing? 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** That's why you're here, hopefully you'll help us find out. 

> 

> **D-1482:** Mind putting me on the damn payroll then? 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** We both know that's not how this works. 

> 

> **D-1482:** Figured as much. 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Are you experiencing anything unusual? Anything out of the ordinary? 

> 

> **D-1482:** I ain't experiencing shi- 

> 

> *D-1482's expression suddenly shifts.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** What? 

> 

> **D-1482:** Oh, uh... nothing. Just noticed how beautiful this thing is. Where'd you find it? 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Irrelevant. Please describe, in detail, any sensations you are experiencing. 

> 

> **D-1482:** Guess I just feel at peace, ya know? Like this thing is the solution to all my worries.

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Thank you. Please continue to hold the object. 

> 

> *3 minutes elapse.*

> 

> **D-1482:** Hey uh, Doc... Not sure I'm feeling too great. Feeling a bit on edge. 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Can you elaborate? 

> 

> **D-1482:** I kinda got a feeling of dread, you know? You ever feel like someone is 

> watching you, then you turn around and someone's staring daggers at you? That's what 

> I feel like. 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Thank you, 1482. Please continue to hold the object. 

> 

> **D-1482:** Na Doc, think I'm done. Don't really wanna conti- 

> 

> *D-1482's expression switches to one of concern, then sadness.*

> 

> **D-1482:** Man, how'd I end up here? That bastard had it coming Doc, believe me. 

> At least on death row I had a bit of rest to look forward to. Now you guys got me doing 

> all sorts of fucked up shit. It ain't fair! 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Please, try to focus on the task at hand. 

> 

> **D-1482:** I want off this fucking merry-go-round! You hear? 

> 

> *D-1482, showing no regard for pain, takes a bite out of his left forearm.*

> 

> *Security personnel begin to move toward the test chamber.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** (*To security personnel*) Don't interfere! I want to see what happens. 

> 

> *With some difficulty, D-1482 inserts SCP-5944 into the wound and secures it under his flesh.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** D-1482, can you explain what you're doing and why? 

> 

> **D-1482:** (*Angrily*.) Fuck you! You haven't got a fucking clue! None of you do!  

> 

> //D-1482 proceeds to repeatedly hit his head into the corner of the pedestal which 

> SCP-5944 was initially placed on. The final hit penetrates his skull, and he falls to

> the ground, unconscious.//

> 

> **Guard Hudson:** Sir? Should we call for medical assistance? 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Under normal circumstances, yes. But these aren't normal circumstances; 

> such a rapid shift in demeanour and behaviour makes me think 1482's actions were a 

> result of SCP-5944's anomalous properties. Let's wait a moment. 

> 

> *Approximately 7 minutes pass.*

> 

> *Security personnel enter the room. A guard kneels and checks D-1482's pulse.*

> 

> **Guard Simm:** Doctor, he's dead. 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Wait. 

> 

> *D-1482 sits bolt upright and grabs Guard Simm's forearm.*

> 

> **Guard Simm:** (Shocked.) The fuck? 

> 

> **<End Log>**

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>► SCP-5944-1 Interview Logs </summary>

> 

> **INTERVIEW 1A-1** 

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5944-1A (formerly D-1482) 

> **Time Spent Deceased:** 7 minutes

> **Decomposition:** Stage 1

> **Cause of Death:** Suicide

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. John Holden

> 

> **Foreword:** First interview of a successfully reanimated instance of SCP-5944-1.

> 

> ----

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Welcome back, 1482. How are you feeling? 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1A is visibly shaken. It attempts to speak, but can't.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** I can't hear you. Please, speak up. 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1A gestures to its mouth and throat.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Are you unable to talk? 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1A nods affirmatively.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Here, take my notepad and pen.

> 

> *SCP-5944-1A accepts Dr. Holden's notepad and begins to write.*

> 

> **SCP-5944-1A:** (*Writes*.) Did I survive? 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Survive? No. This may not be easy for you to hear, but your suicide attempt

> was successful. You were dead for about 7 minutes, we brought you back.

> 

> *A look of confusion, followed by horror, overcomes SCP-5944-1A.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** D-1482? 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1A:** (*Writes*.) Need time. Have to process. 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Very well, you've been through a lot. (To security personnel) Can you escort 

> D-1482 to its containment cell, please? 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1A is escorted out of the interview room.*

>  

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Following the interview, SCP-5944-1A remained motionless in its 

> cell for 1 hour 24 minutes, then adopted a foetal position in the far right corner of the 

> room. 

@@ @@

> 

> **INTERVIEW 1A-2** 

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5944-1A (formerly D-1482) 

> **Time Spent Deceased:** 7 minutes

> **Decomposition:** Stage 1

> **Cause of Death:** Suicide

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. John Holden

> 

> **Foreword:** Approximately 2 days after SCP-5944-1A's initial reanimation. 

> 

> ----

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Hello again, D-1482. I understand you've been put through a very traumatic 

> event; not many people can claim they have experienced their own death. That being 

> said, the Foundation would be thankful if you could cooperate and answer any 

> questions to the best of your ability. Do you understand? 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1A:** (*Writes*.) Yes. 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Fantastic. Now, if you would, could you tell us why you committed suicide? 

>  

> **SCP-5944-1A:** (*Writes*.) You let me die. 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** I assure you, I always had your safety in mind, we had no way of 

> knowing what could've happened. Fortunately, you're alive again now, and that's 

> what matters. 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1A:** (*Writes*.) Alive? No. Not living. Can't eat. Can't sleep. Just an echo.

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** We're doing everything we can to make you comfortable, but your wounds

> aren't healing. There's very little we can do. Are you in pain? 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1A:** (*Writes*.) No. No pain.  

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Well, that's a glimmer of good news, at the very least. 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1A:** (*Writes*.) Can you fix me? 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** We still don't know the true capabilities of the object. However, we'll do our

> best. Now, you mentioned you weren't in any pain. Do you still have tactile feedback? 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1A:** (*Writes*.) ? 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Do you still have the sense of touch? 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1A2:** (*Writes*.) Yes. 

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Okay, moving on. Between your death and reanimation, can you recall 

> anything? Did you experience anything? 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1A starts rocking back and forth in its chair, shaking its head.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Anything at all? 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1A continues rocking, and covers its face with its hands.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** It would be in both our best interests if you cou-

> 

> *SCP-5944-1A lunges at Dr. Holden.*

> 

> *Security personnel fire upon SCP-5944-1A a total of 8 times.*

> 

> //SCP-5944-1A, still functional, maintains eye contact with Dr. Holden and lunges

> a second time.//

> 

> *Security personnel physically restrain SCP-5944-1A.*

> 

> *Dr. Holden is escorted out of the interview room.*

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-5944-1A remained uncooperative after the interview, and 

> refused to answer any further questions. 16 hours post-interview, the subject started to 

> repeatedly assault the door of its containment cell until its fists were reduced  to

> unrecognisable pulp. Consequently, SCP-5944-1A was deemed a containment risk and

> incinerated after the successful reanimation of SCP-5944-1B.

   

@@ @@

> 

> **INTERVIEW 1B-1** 

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5944-1B (formerly D-2481) 

> **Time Spent Deceased:** 4 days

> **Decomposition:** Stage 2

> **Cause of Death:** A broken neck as a result of a containment breach involving SCP-██.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. John Holden

> 

> **Foreword:** SCP-5944-1B has been decapitated, and its head placed upon a table in the

> the middle of the room. Its body was fastened to a chair 3 metres from the head, 

> although its arms were not restrained for research purposes. 

> 

> ----

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> //Despite decapitation, SCP-5944-1B remains fully conscious and its eyes follow 

> Dr. Holden as he enters the room.//

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Hello D-2481, I can see you're still aware of your surroundings. If you can

> understand me, I'd like you to let me know. Blink once for yes, twice for no. 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1B blinks once.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Are you in pain? 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1B blinks twice.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Are you in distress? 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1B blinks once.*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** I'm sorry to hear that. I can see your body is still moving in the corner of the

> room. Are you still aware of your body?  

> 

> *SCP-5944-1B blinks once.*

> 

> *Dr. Holden proceeds to approach SCP-5944-1B's body and places his hand on its shoulder*

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** Can you feel my hand on your shoulder? 

> 

> //SCP-5944-1B blinks once. SCP-5944-1B's hand takes Dr. Holden's, holding it tightly, but 

> not violently.//

> 

> **Dr. Holden:** (To security personnel.) Okay, I think we've learned all we can here; I don't

> want to keep 2481 in this state longer than he has to be. Please take both parts of 

> him to the incineration room. 

> 

> //At this point, a look of concern overcomes SCP-5944-1B's face and it begins to 

> repeatedly blink twice in approximately 3 second intervals.// 

> 

> *Dr. Holden notices SCP-5944-1B's blinking, pauses for a moment, then leaves the room.*

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Dr. Holden was reprimanded following the interview for repeatedly

> referring to SCP-5944-1B as its previous Class-D designation. Humanisation of 

> anomalous entities is strictly prohibited.

</details>

---

 

<details>
<summary>► SCP-5944-1 Experiment Logs </summary>

> 

> **EXPERIMENT LOG 01**

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Experimenter:** Dr. John Holden

> **Subject:** SCP-5944-1A (formerly D-1482)

> 

> ----

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-5944-1A was shot a total of 8 times during a security incident

> resulting in several penetrating wounds through its chest, lungs, heart and spine. 

> (See interview log SCP-5944-1A 2). 

> 

> **Result:** Despite several fatal wounds, SCP-5944-1A did not expire and remained fully

> conscious. Despite the near complete destruction of the thoracic region of the spine,

> subject was capable of full locomotion. 

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Due to SCP-5944-1A's aggressive demeanour that led to its 

> shooting, it was incinerated following the interview.  

@@ @@

> 

> **EXPERIMENT LOG 02**

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Experimenter:** Dr. John Holden

> **Subject:** SCP-5944-1B (formerly D-2481)

> 

> ----

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-5944-1B was submerged in water for 1 hour 52 minutes. 

> 

> **Result:** SCP-5944-1B initially panicked, but relaxed shortly thereafter. SCP-5944-1B 

> was removed from the water with no lasting damage. Water had to be pumped from 

> SCP-5944-1B's lungs and stomach following the procedure.

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Oxygen deprivation seems to have little to no effect on instances

> of SCP-5944-1. Further testing is warranted. 

@@ @@

> 

> **EXPERIMENT LOG 03**

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Experimenter:** Dr. John Holden

> **Subject:** SCP-5944-1B (formerly D-2481)

> 

> ----

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-5944-1B was placed in a vacuum sealed chamber for approximately 48

> minutes. 

> 

> **Result:** No effect. 

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Due to lack of any discernible effect, experiments involving oxygen

> deprivation will cease indefinitely. 

@@ @@

> 

> **EXPERIMENT LOG 04**

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Experimenter:** Dr. John Holden

> **Subject:** SCP-5944-1B (formerly D-2481) 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-5944-1B was decapitated.

>  

> **Result:** Post-decapitation, the body continued to move independently of the head 

> despite complete severance of the nervous system. Throughout the procedure, 

> SCP-5944-1B remained fully aware and capable of limited communication through a 

> system of blinking.

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-5944-1B's facial expressions implied severe distress 

> throughout the procedure. Proposal to cease future termination experimentation

> in accordance with the policies laid out by the Ethics Committee.  

> 

> 

> **OVERRULED BY O5 COUNCIL - EXPERIMENTATION WILL PROCEED AS PLANNED.**

> 

@@ @@

> 

> **EXPERIMENT LOG 05**

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Experimenter:** Dr. John Holden 

> **Subject:** SCP-5944-1C (formerly D-8932)

> 

> ----

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-5944-1C was decapitated, and its head incinerated. The rest of

> SCP-5944-1C's body was unharmed. 

> 

> **Result:** Even after complete destruction of the head, SCP-5944-1C's body remained

> animate. It was continually observed placing its hand in the spot where its face and head should be.

> 

> **Closing Statement:** What was left of SCP-5944-1C was incinerated after the experiment.  

 

@@ @@

> 

> **EXPERIMENT LOG 06**

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Experimenter:** Dr. John Holden

> **Subject:** SCP-5944-1D (formerly D-5983) 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Procedure:** SCP-5944-1D was relocated 19 kilometres from SCP-5944. 

> 

> **Result:** At a distance of 10 kilometres, SCP-5944-1D entered a state of extreme 

> distress and attempted to break free of its restraints. During this episode, 

> SCP-5944-1D was given a pen and paper to communicate. SCP-5944-1D hastily wrote 

> "Can't die again. Please don't let me die." At a distance of 15 kilometres from 

> SCP-5944, SCP-5944-1D rapidly underwent the 5 stages of decomposition, growing 

> increasingly distressed. By 18 kilometres, SCP-5944-1D was rendered non functional 

> via rapid skeletonization. Concurrently, SCP-5944 returned to its previous green 

> colouration. 

> 

> **Closing Statement:** A return to SCP-5944's previous green colouration suggests that 

> previously reanimated subjects are still connected to the object. Propose temporary

> relocation of SCP-5944. 

> 

> 

> **PROPOSAL GRANTED - TEMPORARY RELOCATION OF SCP-5944 TO SITE-██.**

> 

</details>

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

## * ##black|BY ORDER OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL##

##black|THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 5 RESTRICTED - CREDENTIALS REQUIRED.##

= **##black|INPUT CREDENTIALS:##**

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>Login</summary>

---

**WELCOME, OVERSEER.**	

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE MAY CONTAIN AN INFOHAZARD.

# LEVEL 5 ACCESS REQUIRED.

---

### UNAUTHORIZED PERSONNEL WILL BE REPRIMANDED UP TO AND INCLUDING TERMINATION.

> 

> **INTERVIEW 1X-1** 

> 

> 

> ----

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-5944-1X (formerly Dr. John Holden) 

> **Time Spent Deceased:** 7 days

> **Decomposition:** Stage 2

> **Cause of Death:** Suicide

> 

> **Interviewer:** Site Director Karlyle Aktus

>

> ----

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Director Aktus:** Why did you do it, Holden? Such potential utterly wasted. 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1X:** (*Writes*.) So many subjects. None could answer. 

> 

> **Director Aktus:** What, then? They wouldn't tell you what you want to know, 

> so instead of refining your methodology, you commit suicide to find out 

> personally? Is that it?

> 

> *SCP-5944-1X directs its attention to the security camera in the far corner of the room.*

> 

> **SCP-5944-1X:** (*Writes*.) Are they watching?

> 

> **Director Aktus:** Who?

> 

> **SCP-5944-1X:** (*Writes*.) The O5s. 

> 

> **Director Aktus:** You're a smart man, Holden. I'm sure you already know the answer. 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1X remains motionless.*

> 

> **Director Aktus:** I've been told you instructed your subordinates to reanimate you 

> after a week. As per your research, that was a huge risk to yourself. It may not have 

> been possible to reanimate you. 

>  

> **SCP-5944-1X:** (*Writes*.) No. Called to me. The crystal. Told me I was chosen. Had to  

> do it. Had to find out for myself. 

> 

> **Director Aktus:** (*Angrily*.) You've clearly become compromised due the effects of 

> SCP-5944 and pose a security risk. Deliberately exposing yourself to an anomalous

> object! What in God's name were you thinking? Your behaviour was inexcusable and 

> could have jeopardised the entirety of Site-19! Which, need I remind you, is a site that 

> falls under *my* jurisdiction, so perhaps you can understand why I might take this 

> transgression rather personally? 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1X:** (*Writes*.) No danger. It wants to help us. Save us. 

> 

> **Director Aktus:** Are you implying SCP-5944 is sentient? 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1X nods affirmatively.*

> 

> **SCP-5944-1X:** (*Writes*.) It speaks to me. In my mind. We were wrong about its nature.

> Never even touched it. 

> 

> **Director Aktus:** And what, exactly, is the object trying to save us *from*?

> 

> **SCP-5944-1X:** (*Writes*.) Death itself. Or rather, what lies beyond. 

> 

> **Director Aktus:** I'm losing patience, Holden. My time is a valuable commodity, stop 

> speaking in riddles and out with it! 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1X:** (*Writes*.) There was nothing. No heaven, no Hell. Nothing. 

> 

> *Director Aktus examines the note.*

> 

> **Director Aktus:** As a man of science, I thought you'd readily accept the possibility

> that our consciousness ceases to function after we die. Your behaviour strikes me as an

> utter overreaction. 

> 

> **SCP-5944-1X:** (*Writes*.) Didn't say that. I *was* conscious. It felt like years. Thought

> the reanimation failed. I was incorporeal. Floating in a void of darkness. Wasn't alone.

> Someone, or *something*, was taunting me. Don't send me back to that state.

> Please!

> 

> **Director Aktus:** It's quite the jump to assume this fate awaits everyone. For all

> we know, it could've been due to your exposure to 5944's anomalous properties.

> 

> **SCP-5944-1X:** (*Writes*.) No! Crystal is clear! It awaits us all, it wants to save 

> the chosen few!

> 

> *Security personnel enter the room and hand Director Aktus a phone.*

> 

> **Guard Simm:** (*To Director Aktus*) It's for you, sir. 

> 

> *Director Aktus takes the phone and listens intently.*

> 

> **Director Aktus:** I see. Okay. Right away, ma'am.

>  

> **Director Aktus:** (*To security personnel*) By order of the O5 Council, everyone on this

> project is to undergo immediate amnestic treatment, including yourselves. However, 

> before you do so, terminate Holden. 

> 

> *SCP-5944-1X becomes irate, trying to break free of its restraints.*

> 

> *Director Aktus leaves the room.*

> 

> **<End Log>**

---

#### OVERSEER NOTICE

All future experiments involving SCP-5944 are to be ceased indefinitely under the guise of objection from the Ethics Committee.

If you have access to this file, you are an 05 that has previously undergone amnestic treatment due to the nature of SCP-5944. You are either conducting a final review before SCP-5944 is placed into indefinite storage, or you are considering resuming testing.

In either case, this notice serves as a final warning. 

We do not understand what it is. 

We do not understand how it works. 

**We do not understand where they go.**

The truth about the nature of 5944 is an infohazard

**Do not resume testing. Seek amenstic treatment immediately.**

-- O5 Command 

</details>

<< [SCP-5943](SCP-5943) | SCP-5944 | [SCP-5945](SCP-5945) >>

> **Filename:** crystal.jpeg

> **Name:** Crystal, Mineral, Glass sphere 

> **Author:** moviemax

> **License:** CC0

> **Source Link:** [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/photos/crystal-mineral-glass-sphere-glass-162608/)
