=====

=====

/* SCP-6722 Theme */

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Fira+Code:wght@400;700&display=swap');

:root {

  --header-title: "R\0026 C SITE-71";

  --header-subtitle: "DEPARTMENT OF GAMING";

  --fnColor: #b01;

  --mono-font: "Fira Code", Cousine, monospace;

  --timeDelay: 0.5s;

  --zero: 0;

}

#edit-page-textarea,

.code pre, .code p, .code, 

tt, .page-source {

  font-family: var(--mono-font);

}

.code pre * {

  white-space: pre;

}

.code *, .pre * {

  font-feature-settings: unset;

}

.terminal-span{

  font: bold 110%/1.5 var(--mono-font);

  letter-spacing: 0;

}

.authorlink-wrapper {

  margin-top: 10px;

  z-index: 10;

}

/* Bottom Rating Module */

.bottom-rating-module {

  display: flex;

  flex-direction: column;

  align-items: center;

  margin-block: 1rem;

}

.bottom-rating-module .page-rate-widget-box {

  margin: 0;

}

/* Article-Specific Styling */

div#extra-div-1 {

  height: 160px;

  background-image: url('https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-3751/Trans%20Logo.png');

}

#u-internal-affairs {

  backdrop-filter: opacity(100%);

}

#u-internal-affairs::before {

  content: "";

  opacity: 7.5%;

  z-index: -1;

  position: fixed;

  background: url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-3751/Internal%20Affairs.png") center no-repeat;

  width: 100%;

  height: 100%;

}

.fnnum {

  font-weight: normal;

}

@keyframes cursor-blink {

  from, to {

    opacity: 0;

  }

  50% {

    opacity: 1;

  }

}

#u-cursor-blinking {

  animation: cursor-blink 1s step-end infinite;

}

#header {

  margin-top: 0.5em;

}

/* Encryption */

.encrypted .collapsible-block-link {

  font-family: var(--mono-font);

  font-size: 98%;

  color: #b445ff;

}

.encrypted .collapsible-block-folded::after {

  content: "_";

  animation: cursor-blink 1s step-end infinite;

  color: #b445ff;

  font-weight: 800;

}

/* @media (pointer: coarse), @media (pointer: none) {

  .encrypted .collapsible-block-link {

    text-decoration: underline;

  }

} */

.encrypted .collapsible-block-link {

  text-decoration: underline;

  font-weight: 800;

}

.video {

  font-style: italic;

  margin: 1em 1em;

  border: thin solid gray;

  border-radius: 0.5rem;

  box-shadow: 0px 3px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

}

/* Emphasis */

.o5-3 {

  position: relative;

  isolation: isolate;

  font-weight: 800;

  color: #b445ff;

}

/* Inquisition */

.o5-9 {

  position: relative;

  isolation: isolate;

  font-weight: 700;

  color: #6e9944;

}

.o5-9::before {

  content: "";

  position: absolute;

  inset: 0.1em -0.1em;

  background-color: currentColor;

  opacity: 0.05;

  filter: blur(3px);

  border-radius: 0.5ch;

  z-index: -1;

}

**SCP-3751: Skip's Gambit**

Upon the completion of these chess moves, the consciousnesses of the two players will swap bodies.

**Content Warnings:** gender dysphoria, institutional transphobia

[More By Badooga](badooga-author-page)

Original By 

**{{> WELCOME, O5-3.}}**

{{> CHAIRMAN LAYTON HAS SENT YOU A PRIVATE MESSAGE. ACCESS MESSAGE?}}

{{yes}}

{{> "Three, the newest hidden camera model managed to survive this time around. The rest of the Ethics Committee would have my head if they knew I was sending the footage to you behind their backs, but that'll have to wait—the evidence here suggests that *any* of them could be compromised."}}

{{> "If you have a final trick of some kind up your sleeve, now would be the time to reveal it."}}

{{> CHAIRMAN LAYTON HAS ATTACHED TWO FILES FOR YOUR REVIEW. ACCESS FILES?}}

{{yes}}

---

{{> ACCESSING FILE 1/2: SCP-3751}}

**Special Containment Procedures:** [Mobile Task Force Mu-5 ("Pro Gamers")](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/destacamentos-moviles-hispanoparlantes#mi-5) is assigned to monitor all major chess tournaments for developing SCP-3751 events through digital and in-person surveillance. If an SCP-3751 event reaches its completion and is publicized, a cover story purporting mental health events due to stress amongst players is to be disseminated, with Class A amnestics being administered to witnesses when necessary.

All SCP-3751-X instances are to be detained and transferred to Site-71 upon discovery. Following three months of study by the Departments of [Gaming](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-81tg) and Psychology, an SCP-3751-X instance is to undergo a 5-7 day identity reconstruction process through [Class F amnestics](updated-amnestics-guide) that aligns its memories and sense of self with the identity of the body it now occupies. The instance is then to be released back into the public so that it may live the life corresponding to its new identity, with routine monitoring being employed to ensure that this identity remains intact.

**Update 02/14/2024:** Following Incident 3751-A, the full sequence of moves that constitutes SCP-3751 is only available to personnel with Level 5 Clearance or higher. Any Foundation member that attempts to enact SCP-3751 for themselves—for *any* reason—will be subject to immediate containment and disciplinary action at O5-9's discretion.

**Description:** SCP-3751 is a sequence of moves that can be performed at the start of a standard.Variations in [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fast_chess time controls] are permitted, while variations in the rules that govern the pieces are not. in-person chess game between two human players. This sequence is written below in [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algebraic_notation_(chess) algebraic notation] and is accompanied by an animated visualization.

# d4 Nf6

# c4 g6

# Nc3 Bg7

# e4 d6

# f3 O-O

# Be3 a6

# Nge2 c6

# Qc2 Qa5

# █-█-█ ██

# ████ ████

# ███ ███

# ████ ████

Upon the completion of these moves, the consciousnesses of the two players will swap bodies. This is an exchange of minds, not brains—while identities, memories, and learned skills are transferred, traits attributed to the rest of the nervous system (e.g. muscle memory) or to the physical structure of the brain (e.g. traumatic brain injuries) are not. These swapped players—henceforth classified as SCP-3751-X instances—do not appear to exhibit any anomalous qualities following the initial SCP-3751 event.

**Discovery:** World Blitz Chess Championship 2023

SCP-3751 was first discovered during a World Blitz Chess Championship match between chess grandmasters Nina Evgenyevna and Sven Larsen on December 31st 2023. Upon inadvertently triggering an SCP-3751 event, both Larsen in Evgenyevna's body (designated SCP-3751-1) and Evgenyevna in Larsen's body (designated SCP-3751-2) reacted in confusion and shock. SCP-3751-1 then questioned SCP-3751-2 about the situation; in response, SCP-3751-2 darted up from its chair and sought to flee the scene. When a tournament arbiter approached the two players, SCP-3751-2 became violent with them and the security guards that ran in to intervene, and the panicked SCP-3751-1 futilely tried to explain the situation to confused bystanders.

Foundation agents watching a livestream of the tournament witnessed the anomaly and dispatched MTF Mu-5 before local law enforcement could intervene. A cover story.See Special Containment Procedures. was successfully disseminated, and both SCP-3751-1 and SCP-3751-2 were brought to Site-71 for questioning.

**Date:** 01/02/2024

**Interviewed:** SCP-3751-1

**Interviewer:** Dr. John Anshe

[BEGIN LOG]

**Anshe:** Hello, Ms. Evgenyevna.At the time of this interview, formal designations had not been given to SCP-3751, SCP-3751-1, or SCP-3751-2.. I'm h—

**SCP-3751-1:** I *told* you people already, I'm *Sven*. I was playing *against* Evgenyevna. I'm not her, I'm not supposed to *be* her, but damn it all, now I'm in h—

**Anshe:** Please slow down, ma'am. Before anything else, I need to ask you a few questions.

**SCP-3751-1:** So you *aren't* here to fix me?

**Anshe:** That depends on what "this" is. First, do you have any proof that you are who you claim?

**SCP-3751-1:** Well, let's see. My name is Sven Olsø Larsen. I was born in Nøtterøy on October 3rd 1991. My mother taught me how to play chess at the age of 6.

**Anshe:** All of this is public information. Can you offer something that only Sven Larsen would know?

**SCP-3751-1:** That only I would know?

**Anshe:** Yes. Assume I have the resources to verify anything you tell me.

*SCP-3751-1 sighs unsteadily.*

**SCP-3751-1:** I once got arrested during a vacation in Brussels. I was about 14 years old.

**Anshe:** Arrested for what?

**SCP-3751-1:** Assault and vandalism. I was... egging cars as I drove by on my scooter. One of the eggs accidentally hit a pedestrian.

*Anshe flips through his files.*

**SCP-3751-1:** Nothing actually came of the arrest, fortunately—it was more to teach me a lesson than anything else. The record of it was sealed ages ago, but I suspect you government-looking people will have little trouble digging it up.

**Anshe:** No digging required, Mr. Larsen. I have the file right here.

*SCP-3751-1 sighs in relief.*

**Anshe:** So, how did you become Nina Evgenyevna, exactly?

**SCP-3751-1:** I have no idea. I felt nothing besides regular fatigue as we played, but the moment she let go of her ██████, I got this *massive* headache. When I blinked, suddenly I was staring back at my own body.

**Anshe:** I see. Based on the information you've provided, all of your original memories are intact?

**SCP-3751-1:** That is correct, sir.

*Anshe shifts uncomfortably.*

**Anshe:** Do you possess any memories that *don't* belong to you? Glimpses of Ms. Evgenyevna's childhood, or knowledge of things only she would know?

**SCP-3751-1:** I do not. I am, however, finding myself instinctively using the wrong hand for things. I believe Evgenyevna is left-handed?

**Anshe:** Understood. Is there anything else out of the ordinary with this new body? Any pain, headaches, unusual emotions?

**SCP-3751-1:** All I can say is that it feels... unreal. My voice is too high, my face is too smooth, my body is shaped in all the wrong ways... I feel more like a parasite than a person. Is... am I able to go back to my old body?

**Anshe:** ...We'll see what we can do.

[END LOG]

**Date:** 01/02/2024

**Interviewed:** SCP-3751-2

**Interviewer:** Dr. John Anshe

[BEGIN LOG]

**Anshe:** Can you describe in detail what happened during the match, Ms. Evgenyevna?

**SCP-3751-2:** Everything was a bit of a blur, honestly. It being a blitz match certainly didn't help—the moment we shook hands, we were moving at a kilometer a second. A lot of it is... instinct, I suppose? Obviously there's still plenty of planning involved, but when you're playing that fast, there's little time for second-guessing.

**Anshe:** So, nothing out of the ordinary leading up to the swap?

**SCP-3751-2:** Correct. Anxiety did creep up on me a bit, sure, but I've gotten good at shutting it out during matches. That's why I was so confused in the moment.

**Anshe:** What do you mean?

**SCP-3751-2:** I've had issues before with feeling like I'm outside of my body when I get too stressed. It stopped around... 2015, I think? So when I took his █████ after he took mine, I wasn't aware that I swapped with him at first. Somehow, I thought I was waiting on *him* to hit the timer. Then I realized I was looking at myself, and I worried I was having a breakdown again... it was only when he spoke in my voice with a Norwegian accent that I realized what happened.

**Anshe:** And that's when you tried to flee.

**SCP-3751-2:** Precisely. Then the arbiter got in the way, and suddenly I was swinging fists that weren't mine with strength that also wasn't mine.

*Anshe raises an eyebrow.*

**Anshe:** And why did you resort to violence, exactly?

**SCP-3751-2:** What, do you think I'm crazy or something?

**Anshe:** No ma'am, that's not—

**SCP-3751-2:** How would *you* feel if you were thrust into a body that wasn't yours? How would *you* react if your voice was suddenly the wrong pitch, if you were suddenly too tall and too bulky and too hairy compared to how you should be? Would *you* stay calm if what should be your own body was right there staring back at you?

*Anshe scratches at his facial hair and frowns.*

**Anshe:** ...Your reaction was reasonable, Ms. Evgenyevna.

**SCP-3751-2:** Thank you. And, sorry about that, I just... Can you help me fix this? Or is this my life now?

**Anshe:** Do not worry—I have high hopes for the reversibility of whatever caused this incident. With any luck, we'll return everything to how it was.

[END LOG]

**Addendum 3751.01:** D-Class Testing

To discern the specific rules governing SCP-3751, the Department of Gaming performed a series of experiments involving D-Class subjects. For clarity, D-Class identification numbers are attached to the bodies, rather than the identities inhabiting them. Meanwhile, experimental subject designations reference specific identities.

**Experiment #:** 1

**Date:** 01/07/2024

**Subjects:** D-194721 (Subject A) and D-274931 (Subject B)

**Procedure:** Subjects A and B were instructed to reenact the chess match originally played by SCP-3751-1 and SCP-3751-2.

 

**Results:** Subjects were hesitant at first, so security personnel brandished their weapons in order to ensure compliance. However, the first attempt had no effect. The threat of violence was then removed for the second attempt; consequentially, Subjects A and B successfully swapped bodies.

**Notes:** This confirms that the anomaly is triggered by the chess game, rather than random chance. This is assuming no coercion, of course—it looks like the game must be played willingly, even if unsuspectingly. —J.A.

**Experiment #:** 2

**Date:** 01/07/2024

**Subjects:** D-274931 (Subject A) and D-194721 (Subject B)

**Procedure:** Same as previous experiment.

 

**Results:** No change across multiple attempts. Increasingly intense headaches were reported.

**Notes:** Does this imply irreversibility? —J.A.

**Experiment #:** 3

**Date:** 01/14/2024

**Subjects:** D-274931 (Subject A), D-194721 (Subject B), and D-392198 (Subject C)

**Procedure:** Subject A swaps with Subject C. Subject A then attempts to swap with Subject B (i.e. back into its old body).

 

**Results:** The A to C swap was successful; the A to B swap was not.

**Notes:** It would appear that SCP-3751 can be performed multiple times, with the caveat that you can never return to a body you've been in previously. Regrettably, this confirms irreversibility and necessitates different containment procedures. —J.A.

Following this confirmation, Class F amnestics were administered to SCP-3751-1 and -2 before they were released back into the public. While no further incidents involving either instance have been reported, it should be noted that SCP-3751-1 has experienced a drop in its chess [Elo rating](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) of about 15%.Relative to its old identity, rather than its new one. following the initial SCP-3751 event, while SCP-3751-2 quit playing chess altogether and withdrew from the public eye in August 2024 for unspecified personal reasons.

**Experiment #:** 4

**Date:** 01/14/2024

**Subjects:** D-194721 (Subject B)

**Procedure:** Subject B attempts to swap with a chess-playing algorithm programmed to make the necessary moves.

 

**Results:** No effect.

**Notes:** Looks like we don't have to worry about solo matches. —J.A.

**Experiment #:** 5

**Date:** 01/21/2024

**Subjects:** D-194721 (Subject B) and D-274931 (Subject C)

**Procedure:** Subjects B and C attempt to swap when playing (a) [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crazyhouse crazyhouse chess], (b) [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_chess_variants#King_of_the_Hill king of the hill chess], (c) standard chess with a white [handicap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Handicap_(chess)), and (d) standard chess with a black handicap.

**Results:** No effect.

**Notes:** Looks like the anomaly requires the game to use standard rules and be on equal footings. Is this a natural prerequisite of the anomalous effect, or is it an indicator of intelligent design?

**Experiment #:** 6

**Date:** 01/21/2024

**Subjects:** D-194721 (Subject B) and D-274931 (Subject C)

**Procedure:** Subjects B and C attempt to swap when playing (a) through a digital platform, (b) through [physical envelopes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Correspondence_chess), and (c) face-to-face in a non-blitz format.

 

**Results:** (a) No effect. (b) No effect. (c) The swap was successful.

**Notes:** This suggests that it's the specific series of moves that causes SCP-3751. So long as the moves are played face to face with standard piece rules, the anomaly will take effect. —J.A.

**Experiment #:** 7

**Date:** 01/24/2024

**Subjects:** D-392198 (Subject A), D-833235 (Subject D-1), D-103840 (Subject D-2), D-494930 (Subject D-3), D-300272 (Subject D-4), D-585425 (Subject D-5)

**Procedure:** Subject A swaps with all other subjects in ascending order. The introduction of more subjects is preemptively authorized if needed.

 

**Results:** Experiment aborted.

**Notes:** I won't sit around waiting for the Ethics Committee to step in. Whether SCP-3751 can be repeated infinitely is irrelevant in our efforts to contain it—all this would do is induce dysphoria and suffering on a massive scale. As such, D-Class testing for SCP-3751 is indefinitely suspended for ethical and logistical reasons. —J.A.

**Addendum 3751.02:** Incident 3751-A

On 02/01/2024, SCP-3751 researchers L██████ B██████ and A█████ P██████ submitted a formal request to voluntarily exchange bodies using SCP-3751, claiming that such an exchange would alleviate feelings of body dysmorphia and gender dysphoria that allegedly interferes with their work. While Dr. Anshe offered enthusiastic approval of the request, it was ultimately denied by Site Director Fukuma, citing concerns over the misuse of an irreversible anomaly whose long-term effects have not been explored. Thirteen days later, the two researchers—now designated SCP-3751-3 and SCP-3751-4, respectively—announced that they had ignored this denial and initiated an SCP-3751 event anyway.

**Date:** 02/14/2024

**Interviewed:** SCP-3751-3

**Interviewer:** Dr. John Anshe

[BEGIN LOG]

*Anshe clutches his head.*

**Anshe:** I can't believe you're making me do this.

**SCP-3751-3:** Look, I—

**Anshe:** To think my own research team would go behind my back and pull a stunt this bold. Do you know how badly this could go for you?

**SCP-3751-3:** I'm sorry, but there's no world where we didn't go through with the swap.

**Anshe:** Why did you do it?

**SCP-3751-3:** You know damn well why.

**Anshe:** For the *record*, SCP-3751-3. This is all going in the main file for the anomaly.

*SCP-3751-3 sighs.*

**SCP-3751-3:** Fine. We did it because the two of us reached dead ends in our transition. My FFS.Facial feminization surgery. was botched so badly that it took three years just to get the doctors here to fix it. Meanwhile, Adri—

**Anshe:** Refer to it as SCP-3751-4, please.

**SCP-3751-3:** Absolutely not.

**Anshe:** There are *rules* to this, SCP-3751-3, and I will be damned if I let another one of them be broken by—

**SCP-3751-3:** Really? Since when have *you* been one for following the rules?

**Anshe:** That's enough. No exceptions.

**SCP-3751-3:** But Ja—

*They both freeze. SCP-3751-3 clears its throat.*

**SCP-3751-3:** *John*, please... can you just let this slide?

*Anshe puts his face in his hands and sighs unsteadily.*

**Anshe:** ...Fine.

**SCP-3751-3:** Thank you. As I was saying, *his* top surgery was denied because his BMI was supposedly too high. We've always dreamt of swapping bodies with a magic red button or something, so once we realized SCP-3751 could be a way to make that happen, well... we weren't exactly going to let the bureaucracy stop us.

**Anshe:** Are there any unusual feelings or emotions associated with this new body?

**SCP-3751-3:** Obviously.

*Anshe raises an eyebrow.*

**SCP-3751-3:** Nothing anomalous, of course. I mean more... Do you know what it's like to see your partner's old face in the mirror? I'm sure I'll get used to it eventually, but it's...

**Anshe:** Terrifying?

**SCP-3751-3:** Romantic, actually.

**Anshe:** ...Explain.

**SCP-3751-3:** I spent so long hating even the smallest details of my old body. Every hair, every pore, every rough patch of skin drove me utterly mad. Now when I look in the mirror, I see a smiling face I've come to adore over the years. It's like I've tricked myself into loving my appearance.

**Anshe:** Very interesting.

**SCP-3751-3:** Minor quirks like that follow me everywhere. Whenever his muscle memory kicks in, it's almost as though an echo of him is there to guide me. And when his stomach flutters in excitement or churns at the thought of something that normally doesn't phase me, I get a glimpse into his wonderful mind that I never would have thought possible. It's like I've been learning to love him more and more each and every day.

**Anshe:** Are there any associated detrimental effects?

**SCP-3751-3:** Well, yesterday I mixed up my reds and greens in front of everyone, which was a bit embarrassing. And I can no longer reach high shelves...

**Anshe:** Anything else?

**SCP-3751-3:** Some minor dissociation, but that passed after the first three days. Once we personalized our hairstyles, it became a lot easier to see these new bodies as *us*.

**Anshe:** I see. Thank you, SCP-3751-3. This information is very...

**SCP-3751-3:** Yes, Dr. Anshe?

**Anshe:** *(He sighs.)* I'll submit an appeal on your behalf. With any luck, the Site Director will make an exception and let you two off with a warning.

**SCP-3751-3:** And if she doesn't...?

*No response.*

[END LOG]

While leniency was originally offered by Site-71's lead staff, an order from the Department of [Internal Affairs](SCP-9000) necessitated that SCP-3751-3 and SCP-3751-4 be given Class F amnestics as per SCP-3751's containment procedures, demoted to Junior Researchers, and transferred to new sites. In their place, six new personnel were selected by Dr. Anshe to join the SCP-3751 research team; over the course of the next month, this expanded team was able to improve the efficiency of SCP-3751 containment efforts by approximately 27%.

**Addendum 3751.03:** Incident 3751-B

On 03/09/2024, a large swarm of [SCP-4542](SCP-4542) instances.Anomalous crosses between grasshoppers and rabbits. escaped its communal cell within Site-71's Parazoology Division, causing a cascading containment breach that incurred an estimated $200,000 in damages and $100,000 in additional recontainment costs.

An inquiry by the Department of Internal Affairs into the cause of the breach discovered that Researcher Peter Zhukov had performed the monthly termination of the contained SCP-4542 population incorrectly. While the fault lies primarily with the lack of redundancy in the safety protocols surrounding SCP-4542, the deviation from Researcher Zhukov's previously-impeccable track record of effective containment was cause for further investigation. This investigation uncovered an organized group of at least eight Site-71 personnel—five of which were on the SCP-3751 research team—that secretly used SCP-3751 to exchange bodies; the individual who impersonated Researcher Zhukov was not properly briefed on the correct termination procedure for SCP-4542, and thus is responsible for the containment breach.

Seven of the eight researchers were classified and contained as SCP-3751-X instances (see containment procedures) and demoted as appropriate. The eighth, identified as research head Dr. Anshe, was found to be responsible for facilitating this group's illicit activities. However, following a successful appeal with the Department of Internal Affairs, Dr. Anshe was permitted to forgo SCP-3751-X containment and was transferred to a different site despite her identity being misaligned with her new body.

The core mission of the Foundation necessitates holding ourselves to a higher standard of normalcy than we hold our contained objects. Wielding anomalies in the name of personal benefit, no matter how tempting their benefits may be, only leads to disaster.

The damage done during the Incident 3751-B containment breach was unintended, yes, but also entirely preventable. A reasonable, unambiguous policy against the use of SCP-3751 was implemented, and instead of following it and using the proper channels to voice their dissent, several researchers thoroughly violated it behind closed doors and expected to somehow avoid the consequences. Incident 3751-B is the culmination of their abuses, and no matter how understandable their intentions may have been, their actions merited swift containment and disciplinary action.

I encourage all Site-71 staff to review [the Foundation's policy on transgender personnel](The Foundation Is Not Transphobic) before taking any impulsive actions. Our employee healthcare plans offer full coverage for any and all **nonanomalous** gender-affirming care, and gender-based discrimination towards personnel and anomalous objects is strictly prohibited. If feelings of gender dysphoria are negatively impacting your work, I also recommend seeking counseling from the Foundation's dedicated and hard-working Department of Psychology. Regardless of your situation, there is **always** a solution that does not involve the abuse of an anomaly. 

Remember: an inclusive Foundation is a secure Foundation.

—O5-9, Department of Internal Affairs

---

{{> ACCESSING FILE 2/2: O5-9 RECORDING 03/18/2024}}

{{> ENTER ENCRYPTION KEY:}}

<details>
<summary>cfaabf297f6e9829c78a39949a1e9b7c5a71838053ff5e9523cd390fcb2fee9d</summary>

{{> ACCESS GRANTED}}

{{> PLAYING VIDEO...}}

The video begins outside the door of a standard containment chamber. The hallway is dimly lit, with the faint red light of the security camera above the door illuminating two men in black suits on either side of it. From behind, a gravelly voice rings out.

"Kill the cameras."

The camera moves in response, seemingly attached to the sleeve button of a third man. The man presses a button on his watch, and the feed distorts into static shapes and sounds. The audio and video return after a few seconds, albeit with a grainy quality and muted colors. The red light of the camera above is snuffed out.

"Now, watch how I do it."

One of the men opens the door and enters the room, revealing a woman in a white lab coat sporting messy orange hair and heavy eye bags. She shoots up from her cot and yells hoarsely: "What do you Internal Affairs freaks want now?!"

No response. Instead, the two other men wheel an elderly individual in a wheelchair into the containment chamber. They are deathly pale, with heavy wrinkles giving their skin a rough, near-lifeless texture. Their sickly green eyes dart around the room with a youthful vigor that nearly surpasses that of the woman's.

"Intelligence Agency, technically," they say. "Although, I suppose I do have my hands in the [Internal Security](Internal Affairs) pie as well these days. Six and Ten can't have all the fun, can they?"

"What?"

"Oh come on now," they smile, "you know who I am. Think a little harder."

Her eyes narrow. "Are you... Overseer Nine?"

They smile warmly. "There you go, John. Can I call you John?"

"It's Jane now, actually."

"Duly noted."

Two of the guards carefully place a small table in the center of the room. On the table is a pristine chess board; one by one, the guards set down chess pieces on it.

"What's all this for?" she asks doubtingly.

"To play, of course," they grin. "For old time's sake, hm?"

The woman raises an eyebrow. When the chess board is fully set up, the elder gestures at the board.

"Go on, Jane. It's your move."

Her eyes unfocus for three seconds; by the time they focus again, she's already moved her pawn. The two play at a leisurely rate in uncomfortable silence, until at last the elder speaks up. "So tell me, Dr. Anshe: why did you do it?"

"I don't have to tell you a damn thing."

"Let's try this again," they say. When they open their mouth, a tinge of static emerges. "Why?"

She places a hand to her head as if in pain, and then chuckles: "Wouldn't you?"

"I've never really been one to trifle with gender," they muse, "but I suppose I do see the appeal in a more ideal body. Hell, this one's on its way out—had to stop doing field work a few decades ago because of it. Life's cruel, isn't it?"

She nods hesitantly. A realization then appears to dawn on her, with words coalescing on her lips as distress nearly consumed her, but the elder's next command scatters it to the wind.

"By all means, Dr. Anshe, please continue."

She winces and places down her bishop. "I'm happier now. Surely that's what matters?"

"Shortcuts to happiness never get you very far."

"Of course I took a 'shortcut'. No amount of estrogen could have saved my old body. At least it's being put to good use now."

"Your shortcut caused a containment breach, did it not?"

"Your 'policies' did," she says. "If you hadn't forced us to live in the dark, none of this would have happened."

"We did not 'force' anything upon you. Your identity isn't a choice, no, but how you act upon it certainly is."

"That's one hell of a fake choice," she scoffs. "Here's a real one for you: transition or death."

"A clever maxim," they nod. "One that conveniently ignores the issue at hand."

She slams a fist against the table. "The **issue** is that you lot went over my head and amnesticized my coworkers. We would have continued our jobs if you let us, but instead you **had** to ruin people's lives just to make a point. Had Internal Affairs simply **asked** me, I would have kept everything and everyone under control."

"'Control'?" they laugh. "I don't think you understand what that word means."

"Enlighten me, then."

"Real control is surgical. Invisible. It interferes only when necessary. In my case, it's also memetic. It is not herding sheep through the dark, as you have been doing, in search of some personal betterment that will never come. Nor is it wielding an anomaly you scarcely understand in the name of some petty gender crusade."

She guffaws. "Is that what you think this is? A 'gender crusade'?"

"Unlike you," they continue, "I champion a much more important cause: the excision of threats to the Foundation from within and without. The removal of those who would prevent normalcy with crippling notions of 'ethics' and 'progress'. An invisible and silent war—one that has raged for far longer than you have been alive."

"'Ethics'? Are you going after the Ethics Committee?"

They chuckle.

"You're insane," she declares. "I don't want any part in your sick games."

"On the contrary, you've already proven to be quite the active participant."

"How so?"

"It's simple: now that you have opened the box that is SCP-3751, there is no closing it again. The stakes are too high for any player to pretend otherwise. Unfortunately, you've left me with no choice in this matter."

"What the hell are you talking about?"

"I'm deeply sorry, Dr. Anshe," they say, gesturing towards the chess game. Their hand slides a black knight across the board. "But I'm afraid it's my turn."

Her eyes widen. She darts her hand towards the board, but the moment they take her queen, they both freeze in place. Neither party speaks for ten seconds. The elderly individual then clutches their head in pain, and the woman inhales deeply.

The elderly individual sways in their wheelchair. "Wh... What?"

The woman stands up from her chair and stretches her limbs. "Thank you for playing. That was... quite invigorating." She then outstretches her palm towards one of the guards, and is given a ring of keys, an earpiece, and an ID card.

"You—" croaks the elder. "What did you..."

"I trust that you've memorized that by heart," she says to the guards, who simply nod in return.

The elder attempts to stand, but instead falls to the floor and writhes in agony. "Please... no..."

The woman steps over them and strolls to the cell door without a care in the world. Just before exiting, she stops and turns back to them. "I have one final question for you, if you're willing."

Tears stream down their face.

"How do you feel?"

They crawl forward and cry out in distress. "I... fuck, don't do this, please... give it back..."

She chuckles. "There is no going back, not anymore. The future is here, and it's as bright as ever. I can only hope you'll live long enough to see it come into fruition."

The woman and the guards file out of the containment chamber, closing the door behind them with a loud metal thud.

---

{{> WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEND A REPLY TO CHAIRMAN LAYTON?}}

{{hold}}

{{> REPLY HELD.}}

{{forward to MTF Omega-1 with subject: go dark}}

{{> MESSAGE FORWARDED TO ETHICS COMMITTEE TASK FORCE "LAW'S LEFT HAND".}}

{{forward to MTF Zeta-1 with subject: standby}}

{{> MESSAGE FORWARDED TO ETHICS COMMITTEE TASK FORCE "JUDGE, JURY, AND EXECUTIONER".}}

{{forward to MTF Alpha-23 with subject: reinforce}}

{{> MESSAGE FORWARDED TO PERSONAL TASK FORCE "THREE SILVER SWORDS".}}

{{reply to Chairman Layton}}

{{> DRAFT REPLY BELOW:}}

{{_}}

</details>

---

<< [SCP-3750](SCP-3750) | SCP-3751 | [SCP-3752](SCP-3752) >>

=====

> **Name:** Chess Animation

> **Author:** 

> **License:** MIT

> **Source Link:** [pgn2gif](https://github.com/dn1z/pgn2gif)

=====

> **Name:** Transgender Pride Logo

> **Author:** ; edited by 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Pride Logos](component:pride-logos)

=====

> **Name:** Internal Affairs Logo

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Wiki](SCP-9000)

=====
