[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:scp-trans-pride">:scp-wiki:theme:scp-trans-pride</a> |trans-pride-logo= ~~] |trans-pride-footer= ~~]]]

---

[[include <a href="/component:image-block">component:image-block</a>

    name= Kerr-Newman-Orbit-1.gif|

    caption=A simulation of a particle in orbit around a Kerr-Newman black hole, generated by the  [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Kerr-Newman-Orbit-1.gif yukterez].[http:*www.scp-wiki.net/aiad-homescreen aic] artificial intelligence. Click to enlarge.|

    link="*/local--files/scp-3230/Kerr-Newman-Orbit-1.gif"

]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** Autonomous Orbital Station Riemann-002 will monitor SCP-3230 from its orbit around SCP-3230-A. AOS R-002 will send all obtained data to Orbital Area-11 for analysis by the SCP-3230 research team, the Extrasolar Activities Division, the Physics Department, and the Esoteric Physics Department. AOS R-002's Thaumic Transportation Gate may be used to send research probes and devices into SCP-3230-A orbit, following approval by the SCP-3230 Research Committee. All devices sent this way will be in communication with AOS R-002.

In the event that the fusion reactor and backup energy systems on AOS R-002 experience irreparable malfunctions, the station will periodically deploy a specialized flywheel into the ergosphereA region of space around a rotating black hole where spacetime becomes twisted in the direction of the black hole's rotation, increasing in strength closer to the event horizon. of SCP-3230-A. The flywheel will split into two halves, causing a momentum change so that one half falls into the event horizon and the other is accelerated to speeds needed to exit the ergosphere. The escaping half takes from the rotational energy of the black hole in its acceleration, and stores it as usable energy for the station. Replacement halves will be supplied by Orbital Area-11.

Due to SCP-3230's location, it is not expected to be discovered by civilian or governmental organizations. Standard amnestic and disinformation protocols will be performed in the event of discovery.

**Description:** SCP-3230 is the collective designation for multiple anomalous black holes and related phenomena, located 13 megaparsecs from the center of the Local VoidThe Local Void is a cosmic void, a large region of space that contains few to no galaxies. It is adjacent to the Local Group, a galaxy group that includes the Milky Way, and is 45 megaparsecs wide..

SCP-3230-A is a rotating and electrically charged black holeKnown as a Kerr-Newman black hole. possessing a radius of 21 *R*,,☉,, (solar radii) and a mass of 9 *M*,,☉,, (solar masses). SCP-3230-B1 through B13 are rotating black holesKnown as Kerr black holes. possessing 1 *R*,,☉,, radii and masses of 0.01 *M*,,☉,,, which are in highly erratic orbits around SCP-3230-A. These masses are unusually low, predicted to be significantly larger based on current mathematical models of black holes.

SCP-3230-C are objects moving at speeds of 2*c*. The objects move by distorting spacetime in a spherical region around them, displacing them through space at superluminal speeds.  Similar methods are used by Foundation [superluminal devices](SCP-2669), including the Lang Distortion Drive. These spatial distortions visually appear as a region of [gravitational lensing](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:A_Horseshoe_Einstein_Ring_from_Hubble.JPG). The composition and properties of SCP-3230-C are unknown, due to the superluminal speeds and gravitational bending around them preventing accurate observation. Sizes including the region of distortion are a length of ~6km and a maximum width of ~20km.

SCP-3230-A and SCP-3230-B experience 3230-TRYPA Events, each of which lasts 42 seconds and repeats immediately following its conclusion. A timeline is shown below: 

* *0-10 seconds*: SCP-3230-A releases a beam of electromagnetic radiation moving at undetermined superluminal speeds (hereafter referred to as tachyons), directed into SCP-3230-B instances.

* *10-21 seconds*: Tachyon emissions end. SCP-3230-C instances exit SCP-3230-A and enter SCP-3230-B instances.

* *21-31 seconds*: Tachyon emissions originating from SCP-3230-B instances enter SCP-3230-A.

* *31-42 seconds*: SCP-3230-C instances will exit SCP-3230-B instances and enter SCP-3230-A.

No major alterations between events have been observed.

**Addendum.1:** On 25-August-2025, Autonomous Exploration Satellite Yau-009 was transported from Orbital Area-11 to high SCP-3230-A orbit via the Thaumic Transportation Gate on AOS R-002. Following five days of preparation, the satellite was sent into SCP-3230-B1 for explorative purposes on 30-August-2025. The Lang Distortion Drive was kept active while providing limited thrust, using the spatial distortions to protect against spaghettification and other tidal forces from the black holes. Thaumic Communication GatewaysThaumaturgically created portals ("ways") that connect to a Foundation-controlled pocket dimension. Information sent from the probe to the dimension is relayed to main universe Foundation sites with access to it and vice versa. Transportation Gates operate in a similar manner. were disabled to prevent potential gravitational damage to Dimensional Outpost-51.

Contact was lost until 2-September-2025 when AES Y-009 exited the anomaly. This exit time was significantly sooner than what had been predicted. The time dilation normally generated by black holes is large enough that a subject passing the event horizon could experience one hour while billions of years pass in the outside universe. AES Y-009 experienced two hours inside with four days passing outside, indicating a highly abnormal spacetime topography for the anomaly.

SCP-3230-B1 served as an intra-dimensional wormhole.

Mathematical models of Kerr black holes predict that particles that have passed the event horizon can avoid encountering the ring singularity. In normal black holes, space flows faster than light toward the singularity, trapping a particle in one direction. However, in Kerr black holes the particle eventually passes the Cauchy horizon, a second event horizon, where the flow of space slows and a particle could regain the control needed to avoid the singularity. If this occurs the particle would then pass a second Cauchy horizon and a second event horizon, entering a new exterior location.

Additionally, the models predict that spacetime in the center of the ring singularity would bend in such a way as to allow particles to travel to points of time in the black hole's past. The accuracy of this prediction is debated, though. The satellite exited out of a different Kerr black hole, entering a region near the center of the Pegasus Void. A central Kerr-Newman black hole possessing the same size, rotational speed, and electrical charge as SCP-3230-A is present in the area, along with thirteen orbiting Kerr black holes identical to SCP-3230-B instances. All of the black holes have been observed to undergo 3230-TRYPA Events, and SCP-3230-C instances are produced by the central one.

SCP-3230-A has been redesignated to SCP-3230-A1 and the new instance has been classified as SCP-3230-A2. Plans to enter additional SCP-3230-B instances is pending approval.

**Addendum.2:** Following the outfitting of AES Y-009 with a Transportation Gate (currently used to transport satellites into SCP-3230-A orbits) on 6-September-2025, the probe has discovered thirty SCP-3230-A instances via travel through SCP-3230-B. As it has been determined that travel at high superluminal speeds is a safe method to navigate SCP-3230-B instances, the travel time between SCP-3230-A has been drastically decreased.

All discovered SCP-3230-A possess the same number of SCP-3230-B and experience 3230-TRYPA Events. All SCP-3230-A and SCP-3230-B have identical properties. Gathered astronomical data has shown that each instance is located in a cosmic void, commonly near the centers of them. All but two of the voids are within the observable universe (from the perspective of Earth). {{Full details are in Document YAU-009-EXP.}}

Exploration is ongoing.

<details>
<summary>▷ SCP-3230 Research: Tachyon Emission Sequence Analysis</summary>

# {{****EXTRASOLAR ACTIVITIES DIVISION****}}

## {{**SCP-3230 RESEARCH -- SCIENTIFIC REPORT**}}

### {{3230-TRYPA TACHYON EMISSION SEQUENCE ANALYSIS}}

### {{A. Idan, F. Glenn, et al. -- 20-Sept-2025}}

---

[...]

The analysis of tachyon emissions from SCP-3230-A instances has been of interest to the SCP-3230 research team and the [Heimdall Council](http://www.scp-wiki.net/project-heimdall), after theories were posed that they could serve as a method of communication between SCP-3230-A instances. Advanced tachyon detectors derived from ███████ allowed Autonomous Exploration Satellite Yau-009 to study the emissions while orbiting SCP-3230-B instances, with the data analyzed by Foundation bots.

Based on [past research](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-1947), alternations between two different tachyon wave frequencies over time could form a binary sequence, which if properly decrypted can display data in the form of images. However, the sequences are highly complex and can be displayed in many ways, the simplest being a 6-dimensional image. Attempts at using the ANANSI 16-Qbit quantum computer to decrypt the 6D image caused its artificial intelligence to produce a single image and crash.

[...]

---

</details>

<details>
<summary>▷ ATTACHMENT: ANANSI-3230-1</summary>

---

= {{**VIEWING ATTACHED IMAGE FILE**}}

---

</details>

[[collapsible show="▷ Exploration Log SCP-3230-B2 (A61) [EXCERPT]" hide="▽ Exploration Log SCP-3230-B2 (A61) [EXCERPT]"]]

****Exploration Video Log Transcript****

**Starting Date:** 26-September-2025

**Probe:** Autonomous Exploration Satellite Yau-009

**Subject:** SCP-3230-B2 (orbiting SCP-3230-A61)

**Procedure:** AES Y-009 will follow standard safety and operational procedures for SCP-3230-B exploration. All measuring devices and cameras will be enabled, using Foundation bots to remove LDD-induced distortions from footage and data.

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*AES Y-009 is thirty minutes into the mission and has entered SCP-3230-B2.*

*Moderate amounts of visual light are present within the region. Highly redshifted photons that entered the black hole in the far past cause half of the region to be a dull red in color, the other half a dull blue from blueshifted photons that recently entered. Four SCP-3230-C instances are observed near the satellite, moving in a single file formation. Each object leaves a trail of light behind it, each composed of slowly moving photons that exited the gravitational distortions and are falling into the ring singularity. The singularity cannot be directly seen, though the satellite's Minkowski Spacetime Monitor can detect it.*

*AES Y-009 adjusts its course to move alongside the instances for analysis. Visual artifacts resembling patterns of thirteen tridecagons begin manifesting in the footage.*

*The instances exit their formation and encircle AES Y-009. Each anomaly begins to emit tachyons in the direction of the probe for one second. After a two second pause the behavior repeats, which occurs two more times. High amounts of visual artifacts are present in the footage at this point. Patterns of 12 circles with a set of concentric tridecagons positioned away from them are common.*

*The instances then move away from AES Y-009 to their original positions. Abruptly, all instances redirect and head toward the ring singularity. They reach the center of the singularity and vanish from the range of the Minkowski Spacetime Monitor.*The last readings indicate that the SCP-3230-C were merging and reaching a mass near that of SCP-3230-A instances.

**[END LOG]**

---

**Afterward:** Analysis of tachyon emissions from the SCP-3230-C instances show similarities with standard SCP-3230-A emissions, though the binary sequences were significantly less complex. Conversion into an image displays sentences composed of multiple unknown languages and proto-nordic runes, several of which are unknown. Until the [Exo-Linguistics Department](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-287) can identify the languages, full translation is impossible.

Translated sentence fragments from the emissions are below.

...the chains. I am the... I am the [tridecagonal rune], hear...

...she will make the world (ruins?) but I will be...

...do not... the mother will not... the unchained...

...do not (bring, deliver?) her ruination to me.

The past temporal position the instances traveled to is unknown.

**Addendum.3:**

[[collapsible show="▷ [LEVEL 3/3230 ACCESS REQUIRED]" hide="▽ [ACCESS GRANTED]"]]

****Exploration Video Log Transcript****

**Starting Date:** 3-October-2025

**Probe:** Autonomous Exploration Satellite Nordström-001

**Subject:** SCP-3230-A1

**Procedure:** AES N-001 will enter SCP-3230-A1 and orbit inside it for a maximum time of one day (relative to the black hole's interior). The probe will follow the same safety precautions and operational procedures taken by AES Y-009, with the addition of a Xyank/Anastasakos Constant Temporal Sink to prevent potential causality and time dilation related damage. All cameras and measuring devices will be active.

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

*AES N-001 is in orbit around SCP-3230-A1. Due to the lack of any nearby stars the black holes appear to be nonexistent, though thermal imaging cameras show small amounts of Hawking radiation surrounding and radiating from each one.*

*SCP-3230-C tachyon emissions are detected. AES N-001 alters its orbit so the trajectory enters the black hole. The descent lasts several minutes, with the first observable effects of the gravitational changes coming from light emitted by the probe bending into the black hole after exiting the LDD spatial distortion region. The thermal imaging cameras show the horizon of SCP-3230-A1 gradually bend into a straight line then sharply curve upwards. There is a flash of orange light as AES N-001 passes through a layer of photons orbiting just under the horizon, and the horizon bends into small circle of highly blueshifted light which then vanishes. Abnormally high quantities of tachyons and unusual patterns of gravitational distortions are detected originating from the black hole's center.*

*After two hours relative to the satellite, AES N-001 passes the Cauchy horizon.*

*Cameras register large amounts of illumination in the area that was previously unobserved, likely due to the ability for light to orbit within the region instead of entirely falling towards the ring singularity. Hundreds of luminescent, white spherical objects (designated SCP-3230-E), with radii ranging from ~900km to ~30000km, are observed to be in highly erratic orbits around the ring singularity. The largest instances are all connected to each other with long tendrils, with smaller ones connected this way or orbiting them. Due to this many form large sheets resembling organic tissue. Several stars are also in orbit, with tendrils wrapping around them and rapidly oscillating.*

*Each object appears to be biomechanical, possessing structures resembling organs, teeth, pores, and muscle tissue on the surface. Atmospheres of varying sizes and color are also observed around them. Due to the varying orbits of the SCP-3230-E, the tendrils that connect most of them are observed disconnecting from a set of holes in one object and attach to another nearby SCP-3230-E, repeating as the orbit continues. A similar process occurs to the sheet-shaped objects, which continually reform as they orbit. All SCP-3230-E constantly disconnect spheroid objects from their bodies, which utilize spatial distortion to move to other SCP-3230-E and merge into them.*

[CORRUPTED FOOTAGE EXPUNGED]

*A large number of spheroid objects disconnect from the SCP-3230-E, generate significant amounts of spatial distortion, and exit the inner Cauchy horizon. Large amounts of visual artifacts become present in the footage.*

[CORRUPTED FOOTAGE EXPUNGED]

*AES N-001 briefly orbits one of the anomalies. A vast square grid of antennae-like pillars is on its surface, all of which extend high up through the atmosphere.*

[CORRUPTED FOOTAGE EXPUNGED]

*AES N-001 is in the lowest possible orbit around the ring singularity. Six long gray tendrils, connected to six identical SCP-3230-E, indefinitely stretch towards the center of the black hole, spiraling as they approach it. The color of the tendrils changes from gray to dark red to black at the farther out sections, potentially caused by redshift. A seventh tendril is present, though it is shorter than the other tendrils and possesses a jagged end. A [blue dot](SCP-3700) is visible at the center. Visual artifacts resembling four equidistant yellow circles manifest in the footage, all centered around the dot.*

[CORRUPTED FOOTAGE EXPUNGED]

*An SCP-3230-C instance begins to rapidly move around AES N-001 while releasing large amounts of tachyons. Large, purple biological structures resembling eyes, visually similar to those typical of the genus Octopoda, simultaneously open on all SCP-3230-E and stare at AES N-001.*

[CORRUPTED FOOTAGE EXPUNGED]

**[END LOG]**

---

**Afterward:** On 17-October-2025, five minutes after AES N-001 exited SCP-3230-A1 and began transmitting data, an SCP-3230-C instance manifested and collided into the probe at unknown superluminal speeds, destroying both and causing severe damage to Dimensional Outpost-51 due to the opened Communication Gates. A majority of the data was sent before the collision, though some portions were corrupted or missing. Analysis of SCP-3230-C tachyon emissions from SCP-3230-A1 shows a sudden change in the patterns that normally occur, which was then observed in the tachyon emissions from all other SCP-3230-A instances. AES Y-009 was subsequently destroyed the same way as AES N-001 five hours later while in orbit around SCP-3230-A109.

Due to the dangers of superluminal weaponry, exploration of SCP-3230 is prohibited until further notice. The SCP-3230 research team has been incorporated into Project Heimdall following data analysis. Proposals to relocate AOS R-002 to avoid potential dangers are pending approval by the Heimdall Council.

@@@@

@@@@

> **STATUS UPDATE**

> **Date:** 3-October-2025

> 

> Proposals to relocate Autonomous Orbital Station Riemann-002 have been denied due to the lack of nearby stellar bodies to orbit, which would inhibit the studying of the anomaly. Following recent changes to [SCP-3703](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-3703), a Heimdall Council proposal to attach an experimental superluminal weapons system to the station has been passed.

<< [SCP-3229](SCP-3229) |  SCP-3230 | [SCP-3231](SCP-3231) >>
