**From:**

##red|@@administrator@site01.scp.int@@##

**To:**

council_new (Group)

**Subject:**

The truth

**Date:**

10/1/2008

---

Thought you'd like to know what happened.

---

Office of The Administrator

*Secure, Contain, Protect*

@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-3969

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-3969 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-17. No further containment procedures have been deemed necessary at this time.

**Description:** SCP-3969 is a middle-aged human male of Irish-American descent. SCP-3969's primary anomalous property appears to render it invulnerable to numerous forms of injury, disease, and aging -- although whether SCP-3969 is entirely impervious to these ailments or merely resistant to them remains unclear.

SCP-3969 claims to have acquired its anomalous properties through an extensive thaumaturgic ritual involving "consuming 138 fermented lima beans a day", "bathing in the blood of a blind coyote", and [DATA EXPUNGED]. Investigation of these claims is ongoing.

SCP-3969 first came to the attention of Foundation personnel in Seattle, Washington, following reports of a local derelict falling from the roof of a seven-story apartment building and emerging unscathed. Upon confirmation of its anomalous abilities, SCP-3969 was detained and transported to Site-17 for questioning.

A transcript of this interview, conducted by Dr. Phillip Grant, has been attached to this file below.

**Addendum 1:** First interview

> **Date:** 9/16/2008

> @@ @@

> **Objective:** Ascertain the source of SCP-3969's anomalous properties.

> ~~-~~-

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** I always knew this would happen.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** What do you mean?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** Nothing. Just some black-suited government bastards swooping in and putting me in a place like this. So what next, Doc? You wanna probe my esophagus?

> @@ @@

> *Dr. Grant laughs.*

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** Well, I can't speak to what they'll do to you--

> @@ @@

> *Dr. Grant gestures to the other research staff outside the room.*

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** —but I'm just here to ask you some questions. Mainly, how you ended up in your current... ah, predicament?

> @@ @@

>  **SCP-3969:** You know, I can't say I'm too *sure*, considering your friend over there gave me enough downers to sedate an elephant for a month.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** I was referring to your invulnerability.

> @@ @@

> *Silence.*

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** I sold my soul to Satan.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** Sarcasm doesn't help either of us.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** Sarcasm? *Sarcasm*? I'll show you sarcasm, you condescending sack of shit—

> @@ @@

> *SCP-3969 violently gestures to Dr. Grant, before appearing to notice the presence of two security guards outside of the conference room.*

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** *Tch.* Like I'd show some disgruntled laymen my legumes.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** Your... what?

> @@ @@

> **[END LOG]**

> @@ @@

**Addendum 2:** Second interview

Three days after its first interview, after previously remaining uncooperative, SCP-3969 requested to speak with Dr. Grant in an apparent desire to "negotiate". The following meeting was arranged shortly thereafter, and is transcribed verbatim.

> **Date:** 9/21/2008

> ~~-~~-

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** I understand you wish to cooperate.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** You really wanna know my secret?

> @@ @@

> *Dr. Grant chuckles.*

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** If that's how you'd like to put it.  

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** Then fine. But I have some conditions.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** Which would be?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** Getting to see the sun for more than five minutes a day would be nice.

> @@ @@

> *Dr. Grant sighs.*

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** If you are unsatisfied with the accommodations you've been provided, I will put in a request with--

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** You call a lightless metal cell "accommodations"?

> @@ @@

> *Silence.*

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** I'll see what I can do.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** Good. Now for my end. Got a pen?

> @@ @@

> *[FOUR HOURS OF EXTRANEOUS DIALOGUE REMOVED]*

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** Three hundred and twenty-seven of them, to be exact. And it has to be in one sitting.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** Is that before or after the radish stems?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** It doesn't matter, as long as you soaked it in lamb's blood for exactly 6 hours. But make sure not to boil them for too long, or you'll have to start from scratch.

> @@ @@

> *Dr. Grant appears to write something down.*

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** Is that everything?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** Yup.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** And this won't carry any... unanticipated side affects?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-3969:** Besides getting beaten up and abducted? No. Not that I know of.

> @@ @@

> *Dr. Grant stands up, and folds the papers in front of him.*

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Grant:** Thank you, SCP-3969. Your cooperation has been duly noted. Expect changes in the weeks to come.

> @@ @@

> **[END LOG]**

*Excellent work, Dr. Grant. Please submit yourself to your nearest human resources office for voluntary amnesticization. We'll take it from here. --[DATA EXPUNGED]*

 

**Addendum 3:** [DATA EXPUNGED]

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS ADDENDUM</summary>

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> @@ @@

> **O5-12:** Glad to be done with this mess.

> @@ @@

> **O5-7:** Yeah, *seven* barrels of carp? Ridiculous.  

> @@ @@

> **O5-9:** The supplements should stop the worst of it -- cyanide poisoning and such. Now we just have to wait.

> @@ @@

> **O5-4:** {{YOU'RE ALL ANIMALS}}.

> @@ @@

> **O5-2:** Oh, please. You would've done the same if it weren't for that damn android body.

> @@ @@

> **O5-4:** {{WAS IT REALLY NECESSARY TO GOUGE THE EYES OUT BEFORE YOU CURDLED ITS LIVER?}}  

> @@ @@

> **O5-2:** We can't afford to cut any corners here. I don't want to muck this up and turn my bones to copper.

> @@ @@

> **O5-4:** {{WHATEVER.}}

> @@ @@

> **O5-13:** How long will this take, anyway?

> @@ @@

> **O5-1:** I think it was... let me see.

> @@ @@

> *The sound of shuffling papers can be heard.*

> @@ @@

> **O5-1:** Around three hours? Thaumaturgy has never been a very exact science. Or, well -- a science.

> @@ @@

> **O5-9:** Actually, I think I can feel it kicking in right now.

> @@ @@

> *A loud groaning noise can be heard.*

> @@ @@

> **O5-12:** What was that?

> @@ @@

> *O5-6 enters the room, appearing noticeably older than moments earlier.*

> @@ @@

> **O5-12:** Christ! What the hell happened to you, Jason?

> @@ @@

> **O5-6:** *(Hoarse)* I... I... I--

> @@ @@

> *O5-6 bursts into dust.*

> @@ @@

> **O5-9:** Oh no.

> @@ @@

> *Sounds of falling debris, wounds fissuring, and screams can be heard for the next fifteen minutes, followed by silence.*

> @@ @@

> **O5-4:** {{GUYS?}}

> @@ @@

> *Silence. A phone is dialing.*

> @@ @@

> **O5-4:** {{BERTRAND?}}

> @@ @@

> **Unknown Voice:** Yes?

> @@ @@

> **O5-4:** {{I THINK WE MAY HAVE A PROBLEM.}}

> @@ @@

> **[END LOG]**

Following this incident, Site-17 staff attempted to consult SCP-3969 -- but upon entering its containment chamber, were greeted only with a single word crudely etched into a nearby wall:

> = SUCKERS.

</details>

<< [SCP-3968](SCP-3968) | SCP-3969 | [SCP-3970](SCP-3970) >>
