by fabula

**Item №:** SCP-3071

**Object Class:** Neutralised

**Special Containment Procedures:** Remains of SCP-3071 incinerated. Testing has concluded. Martha Langley’s pets, one cat and two ferrets, went into the possession of Site 126 security guard Michael Pearson, all since deceased.

**Description:** SCP-3071 was the materialisation of a non-anomalous Cavendish banana in the head of Martha Langley on March 23rd, 1987 at her home in Aberdeen, Scotland.

SCP-3071 resulted in the separation and ejection of most of Martha Langley’s brain tissue and skull. Fragments of both were found in adjacent spaces to the dining room SCP-3071 occurred in, and various stains were present on all walls and the ceiling. Martha Langley is thought to have died between 0 and 0.5 seconds after SCP-3071. The banana also exploded.

The Foundation was made aware of SCP-3071 after a suicide report and police intervention. A cause for SCP-3071 has never been identified, but multiple have been disproven including teleportation, manual insertion and the Warhol effect.

**Addendum.3071.1:** Testing Log

> **Test №:** 1

> **Test:** Teleportation of 50 successive Cavendish bananas into 50 D-Class personnel heads.

> **Result:** Humans found uniquely susceptible to banana teleportation.

> **Test №:** 2

> **Test:** 50 Cavendish bananas shot by AR-15, one bullet each.

> **Result:** No new information gained.

> **Test №:** 3

> **Test:** 7.3 kg sledgehammer applied on 50 Cavendish bananas.

> **Result:** No new information gained.

> **Test №:** 4

> **Test:** 50 Cavendish bananas sliced into 1.5 cm wide units with a steak knife.

> **Result:** No new information gained.

> **Test №:** 5

> **Test:** Teleportation of 50 successive D-Class personnel into 50 bananas.

> **Result:** Bananas found uniquely susceptible to human teleportation.

<< [SCP-3070](SCP-3070) | SCP-3071 | [SCP-3072](SCP-3072) >>

=====

> **Filename:** SCP-3071.svg

> **Author:** Elembis

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Bananas.svg

> **Additional Notes:** Originally titled bananas.svg. Renamed by me for ease of storage.

=====
