**SCP-3051**

**Author:** 

---

**More things I made**

[*http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/petition-to-ban-margssentif Please Sign This Petition!!!]

# 

# **Special Containment Procedures:** As a fully functional Foundation Site, SCP-3051 is capable of self-containment. SCP-3051 has constantly manned roadblocks, watchtowers and surveillance cameras, which remain, for the most part, active even during Incident-3051-86.

Outside of SCP-3051's area of effect, there is a network of motion-sensitive cameras intended to capture civilians attempting to enter Site-86-D during SCP-3051's deactivated period.

A series of radio and television transmitters positioned outside of SCP-3051’s are set to continuously broadcast duplicate signals of those originally sent from 16/12/1980 to 22/12/1980 into SCP-3051. At the beginning of each loop, Dr. Faust must manually connect the severed telephone network to a computer, which will send an automatic error message when the phones in Site-86-D are used.

Dr. Richard Faust is to remain within SCP-3051 and monitor the anomaly to explore possible methods of aborting SCP-3051 by studying the nature of the loop, leaving before Incident-3051-86 takes place. Dr. Faust has been approved to remain within SCP-3051 by psychiatrists. If Dr. Faust fails to check in before 5 PM Monday of each week, an available Foundation agent will be dispatched to investigate and Dr. Faust's employment will be terminated.

Informing SCP-3051-1 instances of SCP-3051 is prohibited.

**Description:** SCP-3051 is the ruins of Site-86-D-D meaning Decommissioned to reduce confusion with the current Site-86 and the surrounding area in a three-kilometre radius. Site-86-D was a newly instituted residential Site containing Safe to Euclid level temporal anomalies. It had a total staff count of 467, with 466 present at the time of Incident-3051-86.

Every seventh day, a localised temporal distortion takes place within SCP-3051. The distortion returns SCP-3051 to 6:12 PM, Tuesday, 16/12/1980. An operational Site-86-D, containing SCPs and staff, will replace the ruins. This replacement also restores SCP-3051’s surrounding terrain, forest, and wildlife to their state in 1980. Only objects which were present during the original Incident-3051-86 will be replicated, leaving Dr. Richard Faust as the only staff member to not be recreated as an SCP-3051-1 instance. The distortion will terminate after six days and twelve hours, when Incident-3051-86 concludes at 6:12 AM, Sunday, 22/12/1980, and the area will return to its dilapidated state. This is followed by a twelve-hour long inactive period before the loop restarts.

Humans that manifest within SCP-3051 are designated SCP-3051-1. SCP-3051-1 instances are unaware of the temporal distortion and will continue their usual routines from that time forward. SCP-3051-1 are not permitted to leave the borders of SCP-3051. Objects and SCP-3051-1 which are removed from SCP-3051 will dematerialise upon crossing the border. 

An individual spending an extended period within SCP-3051 will begin to slow the rate of ageing. Dr. Faust has aged only two years since the first loop.

The 3051-86 event commenced at 11:45 PM, 21/12/1980. A convoy of unidentified soldiers, designated GoI-176, wearing black tactical armour, disabled Site-86-D’s communications array and forcibly entered the premises through the western checkpoint in armoured trucks. Foundation security defended the entrance to the Site but was quickly defeated by the highly advanced weaponry and superior numbers deployed against them. GoI-176 then entered the facility, prioritising the termination of Foundation staff and procedurally searching each room, acquiring 54 SCPs. No staff survived. A full manifest of the SCPs taken by GoI-176 is available in Document-3051-C.

GoI-176 returned to the central courtyard of SCP-3051 and assembled a complex device resembling a 5-metre tall spire, designated SCP-3051-2. When completed, GoI-176 exited the area in the trucks. SCP-3051-2 was activated remotely and exploded at 6:12 AM, destroying Site-86-D and the surrounding area and emitting a pulse of unknown energyDesignated SCP-3051-3, which extended three kilometres in all directions. SCP-3051-3 is lethal during the pulse from SCP-3051-2. After that point, SCP-3051-3 becomes benign. SCP-3051-3 energy signatures fade gradually until the next SCP-3051-2 detonation. The detonation of SCP-3051-2 concludes each loop of SCP-3051, beginning the inactive phase.

Foundations agents arrived at the remains of Site-86-D shortly after the SCP-3051-2 detonation, and Site-86-D was declared decommissioned. While cleanup was in progress, SCP-3051 exhibited anomalous properties for the first time. Researchers and MTFs erected a research camp for principal containment.

On the fifteenth loop of SCP-3051, several MTFs were dispatched to assist Site-86-D against GoI-176. After GoI-176 failed to respond to requests for negotiation, Foundation forces opened fire on GoI-176. Enemy operatives retrieved weaponry superior to that of the Foundation strike forceThe weaponry in question has yet to be invented as of 2033 and advanced to begin assault on Site-86-D. After sustaining casualties, GoI-176 returned to the trucks and exchanged fire with pursuers while leaving SCP-3051 and demanifesting. The loop concluded at the usual time and the following SCP-3051 loop was identical, even without the assembly of SCP-3051-2. Due to the inconsequential effect, MTF casualties, and SCP-3051-1 distress resulting from the intervention, further attempts have been suspended.

<details>
<summary>Snippets of GoI-176 radio chatter intercepted during the Site-86-D Defence Operation</summary>

> **PoI-176-1PoI-176 is the designation of GoI-176 members [Broadcast to numerous PoI-176s]:** <Unintelligible> for the ones in armour <Unintelligible> can’t go round the left

> 

> **PoI-176-1 [Broadcast to PoI-176-3]:** Command. Foundation has more guns than anticipated. How to proceed?

> 

> **PoI-176-2 [Broadcast to Numerous PoI-176]:** Twelve! <Unintelligible> is down!

> 

> **PoI-176-3 [Broadcast to PoI-176-1]:** Copy that. 

> 

> **PoI-176-3 [Broadcast to all PoI-176]:** Everybody, disengage and return to transport. Hotel-5, cover the retreat. <Unintelligible> let them know we’ll get the fifteenth shipment next week.

</details>

On the sixteenth loop, GoI-176 returned with significantly more units, as well as artillery support, and bombarded the highly populated areas of Site-86-D with unknown, highly volatile weaponry before retrieving the SCPs. On loops 17 onwards, GoI-176 returned to its previous routine but maintained the heightened number of soldiers and quality weaponry.

The only surviving Site employee was Dr. Richard FaustFormerly *Sr. Researcher Richard Faust*, who had been absent from Site-86-D at the time of the event, in violation of curfew regulations. Sr. Researcher Valeria Faust and Security Officer Kristian Faust, Richard's wife and son, respectively, were both casualties of the event. Once informed of the existence and function of SCP-3051, Faust requested permission to remain at Site-86-D. This request was granted when Dr. Faust was proven to be willing to remain within SCP-3051 for studying, due to his specialisation in temporal misalignment and his preexisting residence at Site-86-D. The following transcript was reviewed during Dr. Faust's screening for SCP-3051 residency.

<details>
<summary>Open extract from Richard Faust's personal audio diary</summary>

> **Extracts from Richard Faust's personal Tape Recorder:**

> 

> 

> **12/12/1980**

> **Richard:** God damn, the new Site has finally been set up. We've been working our asses off for the longest time to set up those living quarters. Of course, I would be lying if I said that that was the only reason why I hadn’t put a recording in this thing for so long. It's all hands on deck with this new management, so they had me and Valeria working to move all the furnishings into our new apartment. At least the place is big, and the couch is comfy for when Val gets into one of her moods. Heh.

> 

> <End Log>

> ~~-~~-

> @@ @@

> 

> **14/12/1980**

> **Richard:** Well, we've moved in. We just opened our last box of stuff and everything is working properly. This place is pretty great. They have a supply truck come in every Monday with everything that we ask for for the week. We also have the Christmas ornaments from the old house, but we can't get a normal Christmas tree like we used to because it makes a mess. I'm on my way to pick up a plastic tree right now, actually. I'll probably pick up a few other things for Christmas too.

> 

> <End Log>

> ~~-~~-

> @@ @@

> 

> 

> **16/12/1980**

> **Richard:** Shit, Val is absolutely livid. Kristian didn't want to spend Christmas over here because he's going to Vegas with his friends. I personally think that he has a right to do what he wants. Val has a tendency to overreact over these kinds of things anyway-

> 

> [Door opens]

> 

> **Valeria:** What are you talking about? Overreacting? I'm perfectly justified! He has no right to abandon us!

> 

> **Richard:** Calm down. He's not abandoning us, he lives a five-minute walk away from us.

> 

> **Valeria:** And how many times have you seen him lately? Christmas is for family! He can't just leave us to go gamble his money away and mess around with hookers!

> 

> **Richard:** Kristian is twenty-six, for Christ's sake! It's not our responsibility to shackle him up.

> 

> **Valeria:** You're completely fucking blind, Richard.

> 

> **Richard:** Yeah? And you're delusional if you think that Kristian is still a child who you can push around on a whim.

> 

> [Pause]

> 

> **Richard:** Val? Oh my God, I'm so sorry.

> 

> <End Log>

> ~~-~~-

> @@ @@

> 

> **20/12/1980 First Recording**

> <Unrelated Recordings Omitted>

> 

> **Valeria:** Are you done with work?

> 

> **Richard:** Yeah.

> 

> **Valeria:** Do you want to watch a film?

> 

> **Richard:** Can’t. I’m going out to the bar with Mike later.

> 

> **Valeria:** Again? You shouldn’t keep going out with Major Evans. Past curfew, I might add.

> 

> **Richard:** We’re both senior staff. We’re allowed to ignore curfew.

> 

> **Valeria:** I didn’t say you couldn’t. I said you shouldn’t. It’s Christmas time; you should spend more time with your family before the work starts pouring in next year.

> 

> **Richard:** It’s not Christmas yet.

> 

> **Valeria:** Please. I don’t want a repeat of last year.

> 

> **Richard:** What do you mean?

> 

> **Valeria:** Don’t play dumb. Last Christmas, you made a complete ass of yourself at the Site Twelve Christmas party. You were lucky nobody filed a complaint.

> 

> **Richard:** You’re still holding on to that? I barely had anything to drink, and you’re correlating things that are completely separate.

> 

> **Valeria:** Director Somes didn’t agree. And you were acting strange all year. When I talked to him, he mentioned he could help us change Sites.

> 

> **Richard:** Wait. You got us moved out of Site Twelve?

> 

> **Valeria:** I had to. It was Director Somes’ idea anyway.

> 

> **Richard:** Fuck. You.

> 

> **Valeria:** Fine. Go. Take your work things with you.

> 

> [Door slams]

> 

> <End Log>

> ~~-~~-

> @@ @@

> 

> **20/12/1980 Second Recording**

> **Richard:** Picture this: kicked out of my own home for saying what I think. That’s some of the real Christmas Spirit right there. I’m going to grab a drink. And not the piss they have in the fridges here.

> 

> [Car starts]

> 

> [Pause]

> 

> 

> **Cpl. Baxter:** It’s past curfew, Doctor, way past.

> 

> **Richard:** Uh huh. Sure. I don’t suppose Mike Evans is around here, is he? He usually takes this shift, right?

> 

> **Cpl. Baxter:** He’s busy. Return to your quarters immediately.

> 

> **Maj. Evans:** Howdy, Rick! Go kick a wasp nest, Corporal.

> 

> [Cpl. Baxter Leaves]

> 

> **Maj. Evans:** Nasty little roach, but I have to put up with him. Director May assigned these newbies since she caught wind of guards being drunk on the job, hence why I can’t go with you. Head on through, but… here, bring me a Jose Cuervo for my trouble.

> 

> **Richard:** On it.

> 

> [Car Starts Again]

> 

> **Richard:** This is still on?

> 

> <End Log>

> ~~-~~-

> @@ @@

> 

> **22/12/1980**

> **Richard:** Well, that's something of a mission success, I suppose. I'm in Nevada now, I'll be back in Utah in a few minutes. Spent the night in a motel after I woke up at the bar, and I guess I slept in a bit. Work starts late on Mondays, though, so all’s well.

> 

> [Pause]

> 

> No. Don’t ask me what I’m going to do about Valeria. I’m out of… is that smoke? Oh fuck. Valeria! Kristian!

> 

> [Hour pause]

> 

> [Car stops]

> 

> **Richard:** What’s happening here?

> 

> **Foundation Agent:** It's fine, sir, just a small mining operation, sorry for any inconvenience.

> 

> **Richard:** I am Senior Researcher Faust. Look here. I have level four access. Tell me what's happening. Now.

> 

> **Foundation Agent:** I'm sorry, Sir. The Site was attacked, there was an explosion. We don’t know anything more than that.

> 

> **Richard:** Oh God no. Researcher Valeria Faust and Security Officer Kristian Faust. Are they alright?

> 

> **Foundation Agent:** We don't know, Sir. No one's come out yet, but rescue teams are en route.

> 

> **Richard:** I'm going in.

> 

> **Foundation Agent:** Sir, I can't allow that- Hey! No recording equipment!

> 

> <End Log>

> ~~-~~-

> @@ @@

> 

> **23/12/1980**

> 

> [Silence]

> 

> <End Log>

> ~~-~~-

> @@ @@

> 

> 

> **25/12/1980**

> **Richard [slurred speech indicates intoxication]:** Um… Merry Christmas. 

> 

> [Pause]

> 

> **Richard:** I don’t know… I don’t know what I’m going to do. I’m home right now. I’m good… 

> 

> I drank the Cuervo. All of the… the whole thing. That was for Mike. I’ll have to get him ano-

> 

> [15 Hour Pause, followed by Faust’s home phone ringing]

> 

> 

> [Phone rings]

> 

> **Richard:** This is Richard.

> 

> [Phone conversation inaudible]

> 

> **Richard:** Are you serious? I'll come over now.

> 

> <End Log>

> ~~-~~-

> @@ @@

> 

> **26/12/1980**

> **Richard:** This is Senior Researcher Richard Faust’s report on the SCPs taken during the attack on Site—no—Defunct Site-86 by Group of Interest number 176, henceforth referred to as Incident-3051-86. Each loop, GoI-176 will retrieve the same SCPs from containment without fail. A total of 54 SCPs were taken from Defunct Site-86. How many were taken from my division? 7868, ████, and 10686. Those motherfuckers! I would have given them the keys to the fucking things if they’d just threatened me! Why do they need to keep on taking them? 

> 

> [Pause]

> 

> **Richard:** Wait...

> 

> [Phone receiver is lifted and a number is dialled]

> 

> **Richard:** Charles Jance? 

> 

> [Pause]

> 

> **Richard:** Yeah, I know. Listen, this is out of nowhere, but how powerful would the reaction be if two or more SCP-10686 instances collided?

> 

> [Pause]

> 

> **Richard:** Yes, I know there’s only one of them, but hypothetically speaking, how big would the blast be?

> 

> [Pause]

> 

> **Richard:** Right, right. That’s not good.

> 

> <End Log>

> ~~-~~-

> @@ @@

> 

> **05/01/1981**

> **Richard:** I’m taking this tape recorder with me, too.

> 

> **Agent Mayer:** Sure. Put it in the bag with the rest of your stuff. You’ve got an hour before we have to drive you to the Site.

> 

> **Richard:** I’m done packing. Let’s go now.

> 

> **Agent Mayer:** You’re leaving that last bottle behind? It’s a shame.

> 

> [Pause]

> 

> **Agent Mayer:** Dr. Faust?

> 

> **Richard:** I don’t need that fucking poison.

> 

> <End Log>

> ~~-~~-

</details>

<< [SCP-3050](SCP-3050) | SCP-3051 | [SCP-3052](SCP-3052) >>

=====

=====
