**SCP-3128:** Let's Play Monopoly!

**Author:** 

**Images:** [Link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Toys_2007-150-656_(15406600117).jpg).

**Music:** [Monopoly Theme](https://youtu.be/kdzIndWE3KU) (???)

= **Next: [[SCP-3138]([SCP-3138)]: *A Sepulcher by the Sea***

---

**Item #:** SCP-3128

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-3128 is to be kept in a secured locker on-site. Access is limited to Level-4 personnel; following Incident 3128-073, testing is prohibited.

MTF Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") is to work with law enforcement personnel to investigate the whereabouts of PoI-3128-1. If found, she is to be apprehended and taken into Foundation custody.

**Description:** SCP-3128 is a near-complete MonopólioOtherwise known as 'Monopoly' in the US and UK. game-set originally produced in Portugal at some point in 1937. When played, it exerts an anomalous effect upon global real estate markets; events in reality will mirror events in the game. Following the subprime mortgage crisis of 2007, all further tests by researchers involving manipulation of real estate markets via game-play have been suspended.

Following Incident 3128-073, all testing is suspended pending review.

**Addendum 3128.1:** Incident Log

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/3128/incidents/073.log</summary>

> = **INCIDENT LOG**

> ----

> **DATE:** 09/21/2009

> **PARTICIPANTs:** D-3128-1 (ALPHA), D-3128-2 (BETA), D-3128-3 (GAMMA)

> **SUBJECT:** SCP-3128

> **NOTES:** The following is an excerpt from the audio taken during a test.

> ----

> **@@[@@**BEGIN LOG.**@@]@@**

> 

> **ALPHA:** It's your turn.

> 

> **GAMMA:** Fuck.

> 

> **ALPHA:** C'mon, roll.

> 

> **GAMMA:** There's no way I can win. You've already got, like, six complete monopolies, man.

> 

> **BETA:** Just roll.

> 

> **GAMMA:** Fine, whatever. I always hated this stupid --

> 

> **@@[@@***Dice rolling.***@@]@@**

> 

> **BETA:** Take your 'Chance' card. 

> 

> **GAMMA:** Yeah.

> 

> **@@[@@***Silence.***@@]@@**

> 

> **ALPHA:** Well?

> 

> **@@[@@***Silence.***@@]@@**

> 

> **ALPHA:** What is it?

> 

> **GAMMA:** Uh. One sec. Need to -- uh, I need to try something.

> 

> **@@[@@***Shuffling.***@@]@@**

> 

> **@@[@@***Knocking.***@@]@@**

> 

> **BETA:** What the hell are you --

> 

> **GAMMA:** Hey, guys? I'm, uh. I'm using this. 

> 

> **BETA:** -- the hell are you doing?

> 

> **@@[@@***Door opening.***@@]@@**

> 

> **ALPHA:** What the --

> 

> **GAMMA:** Good luck, you two.

> 

> **BETA:** How are you ~~ where are you ~~

> 

> **@@[@@***Door closing.***@@]@@**

> 

> **@@[@@**END LOG.**@@]@@**

> ----

> **NOTE:** D-3128-3 has been designated as PoI-3128-1. Documentation of SCP-3128 updated to note several pieces are now missing; this includes one of its 'Get Out Of Jail Free' cards.

</details>
 

<< [SCP-3127](SCP-3127) | SCP-3128 | [SCP-3129](SCP-3129) >>

=====

> **Filename:** monopolio2.jpg

> **Name:** 2007-150-656 (15406600117).jpg

> **Author:** [Studio Alijn](https://www.flickr.com/people/94006243@N08)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:**[Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Toys_2007-150-656_(15406600117).jpg)

=====
