**SCP-3057:** Fossil Fuels

**Author:** 

**Images:** [https:*pixabay.com/en/seaweed-algae-infestation-lake-1695521/ Link], [https:*pixabay.com/en/anomalocaris-prehistoric-animals-347259/ Link], [https:*pixabay.com/en/scuba-diver-diver-diving-underwater-569333/ Link], [https:*pixabay.com/en/dragonfly-insect-green-nature-2227652/ Link], [https:*pixabay.com/en/boat-from-above-top-view-hai-2435056/ Link], and [https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Burned_gas_tanks_from_the_refinery_explosion_in_Puerto_Rico.jpg Link].

**Music:** [Fuel](https://youtu.be/PvF9PAxe5Ng) (Metallica)

= **Next: [[SCP-2639]([SCP-2639)]: *Video Game Violence***

---

**Item #:** SCP-3057

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** A small quantity of SCP-3057-1 is contained on-site. Members of MTF Epsilon-6 ("Oil Slickers") are to operate as first-responders in the event of a major oil spill, destroying all organisms produced via SCP-3057. 

**Description:** SCP-3057 is an anomalous phenomenon by which crude oil spontaneously transforms into instances of prehistoric species (SCP-3057-1 and onward).

SCP-3057-1*Rafatazmia chitrakootensis*, a species of pre-Cambrian algae. was first observed in the aftermath of the *Deepwater Horizon* explosionThe *Deepwater Horizon* was a semi-submersible oil-drilling platform located in the Gulf of Mexico. in 2010. PoI-8A052 (an ex-employee of the [Manna Charitable Foundation](manna-charitable-foundation-hub)) deployed SCP-3057 in an attempt to reverse environmental damage caused by the disaster. It was only through extensive Foundation efforts that SCP-3057-1's spread was limited to a radius of 0.25 kilometers from the initial point of contamination. Since 2010, 4 more instances of SCP-3057 have been observed around the world. Whether this is a result of the initial contamination remains unknown.

The Manna Charitable Foundation has disavowed all knowledge of SCP-3057, and claims PoI-8A052's employment was terminated several weeks before the *Deepwater Horizon* incident. An ongoing investigation is underway to determine whether or not this is true.

It is suspected, but not confirmed, that [SCP-2113](SCP-2113) is the result of SCP-3057.

**Addendum 3057.1:** Attachments

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/3057/files/incidents.log</summary>

> **Date:** 08/11/2013

> 

> **Location:** Philippines; Estancia, Iloilo

> 

> **Description:** SCP-3057-2; *Anomalocaris*, a Cambrian era meter-long ancestral arthropod resembling predatory shrimp.

> 

> **Notes:** *Power Barge 103* (owned by Napocor, or National Power Company) experienced several leaks as a result of Typhoon Haiyan. This resulted in the emergence of several hundred instances of SCP-3057-2. 

> 

> Over a dozen injuries along the coast have been linked to SCP-3057-2, which attacks its prey using barbs lining 2 appendages located near its mouth. These attacks have been blamed on a new species of invasive jellyfish. Foundation efforts to destroy all instances of SCP-3057-2 are ongoing.

> **Date:** 09/12/2014

> 

> **Location:**  Bangladesh; Sundarbans, Khulna Division

> 

> **Description:** SCP-3057-3; *Meganeura*, a Carboniferous era dragonfly with a maximum wingspan of 0.65 meters.For reference, *Corvus brachyrhynchos* ~~ the common American crow ~~ has a wingspan of approximately 0.85 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** The *OT Southern Star 7* collided with a cargo vessel, leading to several hundred instances of SCP-3057-3. 

> 

> Every instance of SCP-3057-3 expired shortly after manifesting; recent research suggests this is related to SCP-3057-3 having evolved in an oxygen-rich environment.The Carboniferous era saw atmospheric oxygen concentrations as high as 35% -- compared to the current era's 20% concentration. All SCP-3057-3 instances have been recovered and destroyed.

> **Date:** 03/05/2015

> 

> **Location:**  United States of America; Pennsylvania, Philadelphia

> 

> **Description:** SCP-3057-4; *Velociraptor*, a Cretaceous era carnivorous theropod dinosaur approximately 2 meters in length and 0.5 meters high (at the hip).

> 

> **Notes:** A unit upset in an oil refinery caused several vessels in a tank-farm to catastrophically  rupture. This led to the emergence of several dozen instances of SCP-3057-4. All instances are believed to have fled into the surrounding wetlands.Before being amnesticized, witnesses provided confirmation that instances of SCP-3057-4 did, in fact, have feathers.

> 

> To date, 11 casualties (9 injuries and 2 fatalities) have been linked to SCP-3057-4. Foundation operatives have provided media outlets with a false cover story describing the escape of several cassowaries from captivity. All efforts to destroy instances of SCP-3057-4 are to be conducted by MTF Phi-2 ("Clever Girls").

> **Date:** 28/01/2017

> 

> **Location:**  India; Chennai, Ennore Port

> 

> **Description:** SCP-3057-5; *Megalodon*, a Cenozoic era shark with a maximum length of 18 meters.For reference, a typical American school-bus is 13.7 meters.

> 

> **Notes:** The *BW Maple* collided with *Dawn Kanchipuram*, another oil-tanker. This lead to the manifestation of 6 instances of SCP-3057-5.

> 

> 1 instance of SCP-3057-5 is confirmed as destroyed; the remaining 5 instances remain unaccounted for. After the loss of *Beagle 2*'s crew, all further efforts to destroy instances of SCP-3057-5 are now conducted by MTF Theta-5 ("The Bigger Boat").

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/3057/files/interview_002.log</summary>

> **Interviewed:** PoI-8A051

> 

> **Interviewer:** Agent Densworth

> 

> **Foreword:** PoI-8A051 is an ex-employee of the Manna Charitable Foundation, and was involved in the *Deepwater Horizon* incident.

> ~~-~~

> **<Begin Log.>**

> 

> **Agent Densworth:** How did you do this? Was it a chemical?

> 

> **PoI-8A051:** The 'how' isn't as important as the 'why'.

> 

> **Agent Densworth:** Alright, I'll bite: Why did you decide to turn one ecological disaster into a much bigger one?

> 

> **PoI-8A051:** Really? You think a prehistoric algae bloom is worse than dumping five million barrels of poison into the ocean?

> 

> **Agent Densworth:** You can't pull an extinct species out of the Proterozoic era, hurl it into the modern world, then not expect dire consequences.

> 

> **PoI-8A051:** More dire than the consequences of hurling over a billion metric tons of carbon dioxide into our atmosphere every year?

> 

> **Agent Densworth:** For fuck's sake. Are you for real?

> 

> **PoI-8A051:** You're concerned over some obsolete organisms popping into existence and making life a little more complicated. Meanwhile, I'm concerned over how we are obliviously committed to a campaign to de-terraform the entire fucking planet. Are *you* for real?

> 

> **Agent Densworth:** I'm not here to argue with your bizarro-world Greenpeace bullshit, Al Gore. I'm here to find out how you did this. And you're not leaving this room until you tell me.

> 

> **PoI-8A051:** In that case, I suspect I will be here for quite a while.

> 

> **<End Log.>**

</details>

<< [SCP-3056](SCP-3056) | SCP-3057 | [SCP-3058](SCP-3058) >>

=====

> **Filename:** seaweed.jpg

> **Name:** seaweed-algae-infestation-lake

> **Author:** congerdesign

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/photos/seaweed-algae-infestation-lake-1695521/)

> **Filename:** shrimp3.jpg

> **Name:** scuba-diver-diver-diving-underwater

> **Author:** Free-Photos

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/photos/scuba-diver-diver-diving-underwater-569333/)

> **Filename:** dragonfly.jpg

> **Name:** dragonfly-insect-green-nature

> **Author:** Skitterphoto

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/photos/dragonfly-insect-green-nature-2227652/)

> **Filename:** refinery.jpg

> **Name:** boat-from-above-top-view-hai

> **Author:** SarahRichterArt

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/photos/boat-from-above-top-view-hai-2435056/)

> **Filename:** megalodon.jpg

> **Name:** Burned gas tanks from the refinery explosion in Puerto Rico.jpg

> **Author:** Yuisa Rios/FEMA

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Burned_gas_tanks_from_the_refinery_explosion_in_Puerto_Rico.jpg)

=====
