:root {

    --header-title: "Parazoology";

    --header-subtitle: "Division";

    ~~logo-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-3529/parazoo_downsideup.png");

    --pale-accent: 40, 230, 60;

    /* light red, for visited links */

    --bright-accent: 0, 133, 5;

    /* bright red */

    --medium-accent: 46, 100, 44;

    /* medium red - the "default" accent color */

    --dark-accent: 3, 100, 15;

    /* dark red */

    --alt-accent: 102, 221, 17;

    /* pale orange, for newpage links */

}

Written by: XilasCrowe

Credits to , ,  for his image of Sauerkraut, , 

<details>
<summary>Image Credits</summary>

https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ballpython020.jpg

</details>

Snek go sssssssssssss

@@@@

@@@@

#page-title {

    display: block;

    position: relative;

    text-align: center;

    border-bottom: none;

    margin-bottom: 0;

}

#page-title {

    position: relative;

    text-align: center;

    border-bottom: none;

    margin-bottom: 0;

}

.translation_block{ display: none; }

#u-author_block{ display:none; }

.u-faq{ display: none; }

:root {

    --barColour: #363;

}

.info-container .collapsible-block-unfolded .collapsible-block-content hr, .modalbox hr {

    border: none !important;

}

div.creditBottomRate {

    box-shadow: none !important;

    padding-bottom: 1rem;

}

@@@@

@@@@

**Special Containment Procedures:** All captive SCP-3529-1 instances are kept within a Type II Geodesic Dome Habitat at Site-37.  Cameras are set up within the enclosure in order to record any SCP-3529 occurrences.  The enclosure is to be checked twice daily, to ensure that an SCP-3529 occurrence has not damaged or otherwise affected the enclosure.  SCP-3529-1 instances are elsewise to be taken care of similarly to that of a non-anomalous member of its species.

All zoos and personal ownerships are to be monitored for SCP-3529 activity, in which case the SCP-3529-1 instances will be discreetly replaced with a non-anomalous snake.

**Description:** SCP-3529 is the designation of a phenomenon affecting between 5 to 7 percent of snakes belonging to the Family *Pythonidae*.  While individually non-anomalous, these snakes (designated SCP-3529-1) begin exhibiting anomalous effects once several of them are gathered in one place.SCP-3529-1 instances are much more social than non-anomalous snakes, often traveling and living together in large groups, which can number in the high hundreds of members.  Once a suitable number has been reached, SCP-3529-1 instances will begin to use their bodies to create various letters and symbols in order to imitate the programming language Python.

Once a line of code has been completed, an additional SCP-3529-1 instance will bite the instance that makes up the final symbol, executing the line of code.  The code generated by SCP-3529 will immediately affect reality around the instances, restructuring it to match the output of the code given.  SCP-3529-1 will typically create code to alter their environment, generating food and shelter whenever necessary.  This also appears to be how SCP-3529-1 instances reproduce, as no non-anomalous mating has been observed between captive instances.

The code created is simple in structure, rarely consisting of anything more than simple math, loops, lists, or basic functions.  Variable names often appear generic, with a general name affecting everything that could theoretically be classified under that name.  The variable "Tree," for instance, refers to all trees within SCP-3529's area of effect,Roughly 500 square meters centered around the SCP-3529 occurrence.  This area increases as more SCP-3529-1 instances are used, with the highest occurrence affecting an area of over 4,000 square meters. regardless of species, distance, or size unless otherwise specified.

**Addendum 3529-1:** Samples of SCP-3529 occurrences in captivity.

 

**Code created:**

 

trees = trees

for tree in trees:

    food += 1

---

**Notes:**  Each tree within the enclosure generated either a bird's nest full of eggs, a number of live mice,  a baby deer, or a fully grown hog, as well as one human corpse.  Samples of DNA taken from the corpse matched a variety of SCP-3529-1's caretakers.

@@@@

**Code created:**

home = cold

while home == cold:

    sun += bright

    if cold < sun:

        home = warm

while home == warm:

    happy = True

 

---

**Notes:**  This sample has appeared multiple times while in containment.  The temperature of SCP-3529-1's enclosure has been raised.

@@@@

 

**Code created:**

 

def makecave():

    if snake == big:

        hole = big

        cave = deep

    if snake == small:

         hole = small

         cave = snuggly

 

for snake in snakes:

    makecave()

    snake = happy

 ~~-~~

**Notes:** A large number of small cave systems were generated beneath the ground of SCP-3529-1's enclosure.  

@@@@

**Code created:**

import random

for snake in snakes:

    inheat = random.randint(0,1)

    if inheat == 1:

        snakes.append(babysnake)

    else:

        parent = no

        snake = sad

---

 

**Notes:** This appears to be the only way new SCP-3529-1 instances are created, and occurs routinely on the first day of every sixth month.  On rare occasions, the function will loop excessively, generating a exponential amount of new instances.

**Addendum 3529-2:** Incident 3529-1

On 2019/07/09, the following code was generated:

snake = captive

captive = sad

human = guard

def escape():

    if guard == alert:

        wait = True

    while guard == distracted:

        swarm = True

        while swarm == True:

            doors = 0

            freedom = soon

            if guard == alert:

                snake = snek

                snek = super cute

                while snake == snek:

                    guard = noattack

escape()

Immediately following the execution of this code, every SCP-3529-1 instance in containment collectively swarmed together towards the exit of their containment site.  As they escaped, they were completely unhindered by site guards.  The swarm dispersed as it exited the site, leaving the following message several meters away.

 

success = True

snake = happy

snake = free

<< [SCP-3528](SCP-3528) | SCP-3529 | [SCP-3530](SCP-3530) >>
