:root {

    --logo-image: url("https://i.imgur.com/7DtuJyk.png");

    --header-title: "Site-228";

    --header-subtitle: "Recover, Rehabilitate, Reintegrate.";

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-3468 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment unit at Site-228. 

Live chickens are strictly prohibited within SCP-3468's containment area unless for testing. 

**Description:** SCP-3468 is a human male with six fully developed and functioning human feet, three on each side. 

In addition, SCP-3468 exhibits a localized biomagnetic anomaly that exerts a strong attractive force on members of *Gallus gallus domesticus* (domestic chickens). When SCP-3468 is within approximately 20 meters of a chicken, the affected animal will be involuntarily drawn toward SCP-3468 at increasing speed, often resulting in minor injury to SCP-3468.

The anomaly does not affect other avian species.

**Interview Log:**

> **Interviewed:** SCP-3468

>  

> **Interviewer:** Agent Siffredi

>  

> ----

>  

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Agent Siffredi:** Thank you for your cooperation. I know that you must have a lot of questions, I was in your shoes once, but I have to ask some as well first. Let’s start with the basics. Can you explain when you first noticed the... changes?

> 

> [The neigh of a horse can be heard from beneath the table where Agent Siffredi sits.]

> 

> **SCP-3468:** What was that?

>  

> **Agent Siffredi:** Ignore it. Just answer my question.

> 

> **SCP-3468:** O... okay. So, it began after I got some weird pills.

>  

> **Agent Siffredi:** Pills you ordered online. Those that you mentioned in the hospital, right?

> 

> **SCP-3468:** Yeah. Took about a week before... you know. The feet thing. Then the chicken thing.

>  

> **Agent Siffredi:** Let me guess. The website you ordered from had everything written exclusively in [lower case](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dado-hub) with colorful letters?

> 

> **SCP-3468:** ...yeah. Why?

>  

> **Agent Siffredi:** Let me guess again. You requested a medicine that would turn you into a six-foot chick magnet?

> 

> **SCP-3468:** ...yes, again. How did you know that?

>  

> **Agent Siffredi:** We've known about this guy and his products for a while now. I even got some personal experience... and then I ended up here. 

> 

> **SCP-3468:** And what's going to happen to me now?

>  

> **Agent Siffredi:** It depends on various things. 

> 

> **SCP-3468:** Like?

>  

> **Agent Siffredi:** If the effects cease either by themselves or with the help of our doctors, we're going to erase your memory and send you home. If not... well, you either stay here in a containment chamber, or maybe get reclassified as an E-class personnel. I had your SCP number a few years ago, but it looks like I wasn't special enough to stay an SCP. At least now they treat me like a human. Your anomalous properties, just like mine, are nothing super dangerous, so you don't have to worry too much. 

> 

> **SCP-3468:** Um... thanks, I guess. Oh, by the way, what is your... you know.

>  

> **Agent Siffredi:** I got my condition from the same person as you; that's enough information.

> 

> [Another neigh comes from beneath the table.]

> 

> **SCP-3468:** Wait, that was a horse? There's a horse here?

>  

> **Agent Siffredi:** Just let's agree that we both should learn how to word our wishes properly.

> 

> **[END LOG]**

<< [SCP-3467](SCP-3467) | SCP-3468 | [SCP-3469](SCP-3469) >>
