**Item #:** SCP-3551

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All non-inflated SCP-3551 instances are to be kept in Storage Locker-51 at Site-42.

Inflated SCP-3551-1 instances are to be kept in standard humanoid containment chambers, and have their SCP-3551-2 instances confiscated. Guards assigned to SCP-3551-1 instances are to carry standard combat knives to ensure continued cooperation. The SCP-3551-1 instances are to remain under the impression that any sharp object will result in their immediate demise. Newly recovered instances are to be misled into believing in the ruse.

SCP-3551-3 instances are to be kept in a containment room equipped with an airlock chamber. Each of them are to be fitted with tracking devices. Due to the nature of SCP-3551-3 instances, sightings from civilian populations are to be considered a low priority.

Mobile Task Force Alpha-23 ("Meddling Earthlings") are to track and intercept uncontained SCP-3551 instances.

**Description:** SCP-3551 refers to a line of inflatable toys designated SCP-3551-1 through -3. They come together in packaging labelled as "Dr. Wondertainment's Inflatable Invasion!" with a list of its contents on the back. It also comes with the following document:

> Had an inflatable encounter of the third kind?

> 

> Well, now you can! You can take part in the conquest of Earth with **Dr. Wondertainment's Inflatable Invasion** pack! Wow!

> 

> You can now build an army of invaders and conquer the Earth! See them fire their awesome lasers, and fly their UFOs across the sky! Hear the alien invaders speak, and enjoy the light show from their blasters at night! Have fun that is out of this world!

> 

> All it takes is some air or helium for the fun to begin!

> 

> **Caution:** Dr. Wondertainment and associates are not responsible for any loss of sight due to misuse of the lasers.

As instructed, the anomalous properties of SCP-3551 instances do not occur until they are inflated with gases. When fully inflated, the object will remain inflated. This is due to the plug containing the air within the item sealing on its own, and therefore can not easily be deflated. The material the instances are comprised of is resilient to piercing, but it is vulnerable to intense heat.

SCP-3551-1 instances have the appearance of a generic "grey alien" and come in a variety of colors. They have a tag branding them as "Invaders" along with a name the specimen will identify as. Instances of SCP-3551-1 are sapient and can vocalize fluent English speech via unknown means. They have a persistent desire to "conquer the Earth" and "enslave mankind" though they are harmless and somewhat incompetent. Though instances are highly intelligent in some respects (see Incident 3551-01) despite being generally foolish and inept towards achieving their goal.

SCP-3551-2 are inflatable toy guns modelled after laser weapons from science-fiction media of the 1950s. On the packaging, they are referred to as "Laser Blasters." The items have external LEDs that activate when used. Instances produce a red laser beam that is relatively harmless. However, direct exposure to the eyes can cause temporary or long-term blindness. Wearing sun glasses can serve as adequate protection.

SCP-3551-3 instances are small with a resemblance of "flying saucers" reported and referenced in media. They have no tags unlike previous instances, and on the packaging they're referred to as "UFO Flyers." When inflated, specimens are capable of coordinated flight via unknown means around their vicinity, and light up with external LED lights at night. Instances have been shown to possess minor intelligence with a social capacity with each other, some forming groups with hierarchies. They would occasionally interact with SCP-3551-1 instances. However, they prefer not to due to -1 specimens sometimes attempting to 'board' them.

The Foundation became aware of SCP-3551 items from an investigation performed by the Unusual Incidents Unit of the FBI. Agents from the unit were investigating standard alleged sightings of UFOs (later confirmed to be -3 instances), and stumbled upon a warehouse containing crates of non-inflated and inflated instances. The UIU agents immediately reported the discovery to the Foundation. Since then, the Foundation has captured ███ instances.

**Incident 3551-1:** On 5/18/██, a local television broadcast hijacking occurred at the town of █████ in Canada by SCP-3551-1 instances in an abandoned building. Four instances were responsible, and designated as A through D for the following transcript of the broadcast. For their actual designations and further information, submit a request to Dr. Pattinson.

<details>
<summary>+ Broadcast Transcript</summary>

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *[Static fills the screen until becoming clear, revealing three SCP-3551-1 instances standing in front of a curtain]*

> 

> **A:** Attention Earthlings! Take us to your feeders!

> 

> **B:** What? Zam, you air-headed fool, it's "leader", not "feeder!"

> 

> **C:** I told you he wasn't ready, Poxy.

> 

> **B:** Silence! You didn't tell me anything!

> 

> **D:** [Instance speaks from behind the camera] Uh, guys, we are broadcasting live to the humans.

> 

> **B:** This is so embarrassing. [Sigh] Attention humans of this dirt planet-

> 

> **C:** It's mostly water than dirt really.

> 

> **B:** [Brief silence before continuing with a tone of agitation] Humans, we are coming. All of you will fall before our might. Resistance is futile!

> 

> **A:** Yeah!

> 

> **B:** Shut up! Anyway, the invasion is here! For those who sympathize with our soon-to-be rule, you may aid us and in reward you may serve us for all eternity. So yeah, submit or perish! After all, we have LASERS! The best in the galaxy!

> 

> **C:** I wouldn't really call them the best. I think the accuracy is bad-

> 

> **B:** Shush! They don't know that and neither do you! You are just a lousy shot, Krag.

> 

> **C:** I would like to challenge that claim.

> 

> **D:** Guys! We do not have time for this. We are losing transmis-

> 

> *[Static fills the screen and scheduled programmings return]*

> 

> **<End Log>**

</details>

**Incident 3551-02:** An SCP-3551-1 instance was lifted by a gust of wind and, panicking, landed in Site-██. The instance was interrogated and stated that it was "studying the enemy base" from a nearby hill. Instance was transferred to containment after it refused further communication.

**Incident 3551-03:** A group of SCP-3551-1 instances accompanied by two -3 instances attempted to attack a pool party at ██████, California. Instances were apprehended by party-goers before Foundation agents retrieved them.

**Incident 3551-04:** During an unrelated investigation, Agent ██████ Pierce went to a scrap yard as part of a lead and came across an SCP-3551-1 instance. The specimen was being used as a chew toy for the guard dog of the scrap yard. It called to the agent for help while proclaiming surrender. Agent Pierce reported the discovery with a recovery team arriving to the site. An interrogation with Mr. ███ ████, the owner of the property, revealed that he discovered the instance when it attempted to steal materials. Amnestics were given and the instance was transported to containment. During transport, it reluctantly thanked the recovery team and stated, "One day I will learn to defeat your dreaded war beasts, but today I accept my defeat."

**Document 3551:** On 04/12/██, the following note was mailed to Site-██ along with addresses of storage warehouses containing untouched SCP-3551 instances.

> To the SCP Foundation,

> 

> I wish to thank you all of you for collecting my colorful little space invaders and associated products from the Inflatable Invasion pack. Your efforts have been admirable. I see you have been having fun with them, and it has made me feel ashamed for discontinuing this line of product. Thank you for giving them a nice home at your facilities. I hope you manage to find them all, my dear collectors.

> 

> I have potential plans for a bigger and better revival, but we will have to wait and see. Until then, continue having interstellar fun.

> 

> Sincerely,

> Dr. Wondertainment

<< [SCP-3550](SCP-3550) | SCP-3551 | [SCP-3552](SCP-3552) >>

=====

> **Filename:** aliendudes.jpg

> **Name:** Xenu

> **Author:** Lewis Francis

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/50027494@N00/2255789356)

=====
