**SCP-3741:** The World Is Your Oyster

**Author:** 

**More By This Author:** 

* https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/themightymcb-s-author-page

**Special thanks to:**

*  for giving me the push I needed to make these babies Thaumiel way back in I&B.

* , , and  for their amazing line-by-line critiques, as well as dealing with my neurotic ass in the first place. εїз εїз εїз Y'all are dope as hell.

*  for doing their absolute best to parse through my mad ravings on a panicked I&B rehash thread.

<details>
<summary>+ Image Attribution</summary>

["Eastern Oyster (Crassostrea virginica) Top"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/acryptozoo/16114506758) by Andrew Cannizzaro. Attribution 2.0 Generic (CC BY 2.0). This image has not been altered in any way.

</details>

**Special Containment Procedures:** Currently, all known instances of SCP-3741 are being contained in separate salt water tanks at Site-77. The number of SCP-3741 instances in containment should not exceed fifty at any time. As such, surplus instances are to be incinerated. 

Should any wild instances be discovered, MTF Sigma-13 ("Food Fighters") will be deployed to recover them and return to Site-77. As such, MTF Sigma-13 agents embedded in various national food safety regulatory bodiesSpecifically, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the UK Food Standards Agency (FSA), and the French Agency for Food, Environmental, and Occupational Safety (ANSES). will routinely visit oyster farms under their jurisdiction that are known to raise eastern oysters (*Crassostrea virginica*) and are to confiscate any instances of SCP-3741 that they find.

Under no circumstances should an instance of SCP-3741 be ingested. Should an instance be consumed, all responsible individuals are to be detained, interrogated, and amnesticized.

**Description:** SCP-3741 is a phenomenon that is currently exhibited by 29 eastern oysters, but may extend to a small quantity of wild oysters. Instances can be differentiated from non-anomalous oysters due to a variety of biological traits, including functional immortalityInstances are capable of dying, but, assuming they have access to sufficient nutrients, will not die of age, dull pink meat, and physically identical dark shells. Despite demonstrating the inability to age, SCP-3741 instances are capable of sexual reproduction, and are hermaphroditic like non-anomalous eastern oysters, but can only reproduce with other instances of SCP-3741.

In addition to biological deviations from non-anomalous eastern oysters, instances of SCP-3741 are known to induce a memetic effect when consumed by a subject, hereafter designated as SCP-3741-A. Upon ingestion, SCP-3741-A will become immediately aware of an acquisition of extensive knowledge on a specific topic. The nature of this knowledge varies between instances, but is always related to the desires of the SCP-3741-A instance. See Addendum 3741-B for more information.

**Addendum 3741-A:** Discovery

SCP-3741 was discovered after Foundation agents embedded in the FDA were notified of an abnormal bloom of oysters at The Spat Shuckster's Oyster Farm in Kennebunkport, Maine. In response, the agents visited the farm and confiscated the oysters, logging them as an Anomalous Object under the designation AO-697837. During routine testing, the secondary anomalous properties were discovered, thus warranting an upgrade to SCP-3741.

**Addendum 3741-B:** Test Log

The following is an abridged list of tests involving SCP-3741.

Test 3741-1

Subject

D-2452, one instance of ~~AO-697837~~ SCP-3741

Experiment

D-2452 instructed to open and consume the instance.

Results

D-2452 opened and consumed the instance of ~~AO-697837~~ SCP-3741, despite initial resistance due to the pink color of the flesh. D-2452 reported no abnormal taste, smell, or texture. Following the test, D-2452 reported an interest in music and requested an instrument. The request was denied.

@@ @@

Test 3741-2

Subject

D-2452, one instance of ~~AO-697837~~ SCP-3741

Experiment

D-2452 instructed to steam and ingest one instance of ~~AO-697837~~ SCP-3741.

Results

D-2452 did as instructed and reported no abnormal taste, smell, or texture. Immediately following the conclusion of this test, D-2452 attempted to flee from Foundation custody by assaulting the security officer who was escorting them back to their cell. D-2452 was soon apprehended and terminated by on-site security and AO-697837 was subsequently upgraded to SCP-3741. Further testing has been suspended. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

[[collapsible show="[PLEASE INPUT LEVEL 4/3741 CREDENTIALS]" hide="[ACCESSING CONTENT. PLEASE STAND BY.]"]]

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

## * ##black|BY ORDER OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL##

##black|The following file is Level 4/3741 classified. Unauthorized access is forbidden.##

= **##black|3741##**

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** Currently, all known instances of SCP-3741 are being contained in separate salt water tanks at Site-77. The number of SCP-3741 instances in containment should not exceed fifty at any time. As such, surplus instances are to be incinerated. ##blue|Should the number of SCP-3741 instances in containment fall below ten, two instances are to be placed in a tank together for two weeks, allowing them to mate.##

Should any wild instances be discovered, MTF Sigma-13 ("Food Fighters") will be deployed to recover them and return to Site-77. As such, MTF Sigma-13 agents embedded in various national food safety regulatory bodies will routinely visit oyster farms under their jurisdiction that are known to raise eastern oysters (*Crassostrea virginica*) and are to confiscate any instances of SCP-3741 that they find.

~~Under no circumstances should an instance of SCP-3741 be ingested.~~ ##blue|Access to SCP-3741 is restricted by the O5 Council, and a majority vote is required for authorized usage.## Should an instance be consumed ##blue|without express permission of the O5 Council##, all responsible individuals are to be detained, interrogated, and ~~amnesticized~~ ##blue|terminated##.

##blue|Any instances of SCP-3741-B that are not generated as a direct result of an O5 directive are to be amnesticized and issued a cover story to explain the effects of SCP-3741.##

**Description:** SCP-3741 is a phenomenon that is currently exhibited by 29 eastern oysters, but may extend to a small quantity of wild oysters. Instances can be differentiated from non-anomalous oysters due to a variety of biological traits, including functional immortality, dull pink meat, and physically identical dark shells. Despite demonstrating the inability to age, SCP-3741 instances are capable of sexual reproduction, and are hermaphroditic like non-anomalous eastern oysters, but can only reproduce with other instances of SCP-3741.

In addition to biological deviations from non-anomalous eastern oysters, instances of SCP-3741 are known to induce a memetic effect ~~when consumed by a subject, hereafter designated as SCP-3741-A. Upon ingestion, SCP-3741-A will become immediately aware of an acquisition of extensive knowledge on a specific topic. The nature of this knowledge varies between instances, but is always related to the desires of the SCP-3741-A instance. See Addendum 3741-B for details.~~ ##blue|upon two subjects when one of them ingests an instance. The person who ingested the SCP-3741 instance shall hereafter be referred to as SCP-3741-A, and the subsequent linked individual shall be referred to as SCP-3741-B.## 

##blue|Through a poorly understood mechanism, a metaphysical link between the consciousness of SCP-3741-A and SCP-3741-B is established upon consumption of an SCP-3741 instance. This cognitive link allows for the transfer of memories and experiences from SCP-3741-B to SCP-3741-A. The information that is transferred and the given instance of SCP-3741-B directly relate to the thoughts, desires and curiosities of SCP-3741-A at the time of ingestion, and as such, SCP-3741-A can exert a degree of control over the effects of the anomaly.##

**Addendum 3741-A:** Discovery ##blue|and Uncontained Effects##

SCP-3741 was discovered after Foundation agents embedded in the FDA were notified of an abnormal bloom of oysters at The Spat Shuckster's Oyster Farm in Kennebunkport, Maine. In response, the agents visited the farm and confiscated the oysters, logging them as an Anomalous Object under the designation AO-697837. During routine testing, the secondary anomalous properties were discovered, thus warranting an upgrade to SCP-3741 ##blue|as a Thaumiel-class object##.

@@ @@

##blue|Upon discovery of the secondary anomalous properties of SCP-3741, multiple cases of SCP-3741-B instances were identified. The following is an abridged list detailing confirmed cases:##

##blue|**Incident 3741-1**##

##blue|SCP-3741-A##

##blue|D-2452##

##blue|SCP-3741-B##

##blue|Malcolm Young##

##blue|Result##

##blue|Mr. Young stepped down from his role as rhythm guitarist of Australian rock band "AC/DC" in 2014, citing dementia. It was later revealed that Young had forgotten how to play the guitar. The sudden onset of the disease coincides with Test 3741-1See Addendum 3741-B.. As such, it is currently believed that D-2452 is responsible for Mr. Young's dementia.##

@@ @@

##blue|**Incident 3741-2**##

##blue|SCP-3741-A##

##blue|D-2452##

##blue|SCP-3741-B##

##blue|Michael McBrody, Site-77 Security Personnel##

##blue|Result##

##blue|Upon the conclusion of Test 3741-2See Addendum 3741-B., Officer McBrody was instructed to return D-2452 to their cell. While in transport to the Site-77 D-class containment block, D-2452 assaulted Officer McBrody with their restraints. This resulted in severe trauma to Officer McBrody's trachea, which was crushed in the altercation. Officer McBrody remained in the Site-77 intensive care unit for 6 weeks before being discharged in good health. It is believed that D-2452 had acquired Officer McBrody's hand-to-hand combat training in Test 3741-2.##

**Addendum 3741-B:** Test Log

The following is an abridged list of tests involving SCP-3741. ##blue|Please note that Tests 3741-1 and 3741-2 remain relatively unchanged.##

Test 3741-1

Subject

D-2452, one instance of ~~AO-697837~~ SCP-3741

Experiment

D-2452 instructed to open and consume the instance.

Results

D-2452 opened and consumed the instance of ~~AO-697837~~ SCP-3741, despite initial resistance due to the pink color of the flesh. D-2452 reported no abnormal taste, smell, or texture. Following the test, D-2452 reported an interest in music and requested an instrument. The request was denied.

@@ @@

Test 3741-2

Subject

D-2452, one instance of ~~AO-697837~~ SCP-3741

Experiment

D-2452 instructed to steam and ingest one instance of ~~AO-697837~~ SCP-3741.

Results

D-2452 did as instructed and reported no abnormal taste, smell, or texture. Immediately following the conclusion of this test, D-2452 attempted to flee from Foundation custody by assaulting the security officer who was escorting them back to their cell. D-2452 was soon apprehended and terminated by on-site security and AO-697837 was subsequently upgraded to SCP-3741. Further testing has been ~~suspended~~ ##blue|restricted to direct O5 approval.##

@@ @@

 

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS LEVEL 5/3741 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS INFORMATION WITHOUT LEVEL 5/3741 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

##blue|**Addendum 3741-C:** Log of O5 Directives##

##blue|The following is a log of O5 sanctioned applications of SCP-3741.##

##blue|O5 Directive 3741-1##

##blue|SCP-3741-A##

##blue|O5-10##

##blue|SCP-3741-B##

##blue|Dr. S. Mann##

##blue|Justification##

##blue|To test the efficacy of SCP-3741 in information recovery, and to better understand the anomalous biological nature of [UAE-Brasil-78](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/war-on-all-fronts-hub), which has since been neutralized by the Global Occult Coalition and confiscated by Marshall, Carter, and Dark, Ltd.##

##blue|Results##

##blue|Dr. Mann, a published researcher at the International Center for the Study of Unified Thaumatology (ICSUT), was confirmed to have [dissected the entity in question](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/analysis-of-the-plokamisuchus). According to Foundation plants within ICSUT, Dr. Mann experienced an epileptic seizure while at his desk. Dr. Mann has since made a full recovery, but has been unable to recall the previous five years in their entirety.##

##blue|O5-10 was able to recall the details of the autopsy, as well as identify several MC&D items that have been derived from the corpse of the entity. ##

@@ @@

##blue|O5 Directive 3741-2##

##blue|SCP-3741-A##

##blue|Α-1, [MTF Alpha-1 ("Red Right Hand")](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#alpha-1)##

##blue|SCP-3741-B##

##blue|Director E. Strauss, Site-77 Ethics Committee Liaison##

##blue|Justification##

##blue|To ensure the continued secrecy of all future O5 directives regarding SCP-3741.##

##blue|Results##

##blue|Α-1 was interviewed after ingestion and confirmed their acquisition of knowledge of O5 usage of SCP-3741. Α-1 was administered Class-A amnestics and allowed to resume their duties.##

##blue|Director Strauss failed to report to Site-19 for an emergency Ethics Committee meeting after the administration of Directive 3741-2. A brief investigation into her disappearance revealed that she had experienced a stroke while commuting to Site-19, resulting in a high speed collision that ejected her from the vehicle. Director Strauss was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident.##

<< [SCP-3740](SCP-3740) | SCP-3741 | [SCP-3742](SCP-3742) >>

=====

> **Filename:** EasternOyster.jpg

> **Name:** Eastern Oyster (Crassostrea virginica) Top

> **Author:** Andrew Cannizzaro

> **License:** Attribution 2.0 Generic (CC BY 2.0)

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/acryptozoo/16114506758

> **Derivative of:** 

> **Additional Notes:** 

=====
