div.box {

    border: 1px solid black;

    background: white;

    padding: 0.5rem;

    margin: 0.5rem;

    flex-basis: 50%;

}

div.clues {

    display: flex;

    flex-wrap: nowrap;

    justify-content: space-evenly;

    align-items: flex-start;

}

@media screen and (max-width: 500px) {

    div.box {

        flex-basis: 100%;

    }

    div.clues {

        flex-wrap: wrap;

    }

}

****Across****

**1.** A Foundation @@**_**@@ secured the book after attempting to record information on the owner and the book.

**6.** SCP-1665's crossword puzzles appear to be designed for @@**_**___@@, with puzzles typically featuring mundane topics such as weather and geography and taking little effort to solve.

**8.** Description: SCP-1665 is a [REDACTED] brand book published by @@**_**____@@ Puzzles, copyrighted 1999.

**11.** Special Containment @@**_****_**@@:

**15.** SCP-1665's @@**_**____@@ properties manifest when anyone attempts to maintain written or physical records of it.

**18.** All written records will be altered so that they are in a form of a crossword @@**_**_@@, making storage of information on SCP-1665 difficult.

****Down****

**1.** @@**_****_**_@@:

**2.** SCP-1665 is to be kept in a @@**_**_@@ in the low-value objects wing of Site 39.

**3.** All @@**_**__@@ of SCP-1665 during testing must be in audio form.

**4.** SCP-1665 was @@**_****_**@@ in a thrift store in [REDACTED], Canada.

**5.** Because of this, recording equipment is the @@**_**____@@ method of storage of information relating to SCP-1665.

**7.** Since its @@**_****_**_@@, SCP-1665 has been tested on five (5) separate occasions.

**9.** Object Class: @@____@@

**10.** As per the orders of @@**_**_@@ Smith, testing on SCP-1665 is suspended until further notice due to its low data value.

**12.** All of the puzzles in the book are @@**_**___@@, and it shows minimal wear from usage.

**13.** SCP-1665's puzzles replace words in sentences with @@**_**@@ spaces; as such, the puzzles can typically be solved with little difficulty.

**14.** Experimentation with SCP-1665 requires prior approval from a Level @@**_**@@ Researcher.

**16.** SCP-1665's properties do not affect @@**_**@@ recordings or other non-textual methods of documentation.

**17.** The owner repeatedly attempted to sell @@**_@@-@@**__@@, marketing it as a 'magic crossword book'.

<< [SCP-1664](SCP-1664) | SCP-1665 | [SCP-1666](SCP-1666) >>

=====

> **Filename:** scp1665.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1665)

=====
