**Item #:** SCP-1108

**Object Class:** Uncontained

 

**Special Containment Procedures:** The first recorded appearance of this phenomenon is dated November 26, 1928, filed in Foundation records as an Extranormal Event. Ten repeat occurrences have since been verified, precipitating numbered status and close observation.

Data from meteorological centers in the affected area are monitored for any indication of a new formation.

  

**Description:** SCP-1108 is a meteorological phenomenon that has only been observed along the southeast coast of Florida. Most observers at ground level experience SCP-1108 as a heavy fog with no anomalous properties.

From an elevation above or approaching 450 meters, the fog formation reveals a distinct shape. According to in-person observation and aerial photographs, this shape resembles *Alligator mississippiensis*, the American alligator.

In conditions ideal for fog formation, the anomaly exhibits superficial details like eyelids, teeth, and individual scutes. Reports indicate that isolated sections of the fog formation will move independently of one another, resembling crawling limbs.

SCP-1108 most frequently appears a few hours before dawn, often emerging from an existing cloud bank. The "gator formation" will maintain its distinct size and shape for upwards of six hours. During this six hour period, SCP-1108 will traverse an area of approximately 50 km length, always moving toward the Atlantic Ocean. The form appears to gradually dissipate into the atmosphere.     

The effects on the local ecosystem do not become apparent until after the formation has dissolved. These effects include a 5 to 50 cm rise in fresh water levels and an abnormal displacement of local wildlife.

In areas directly overshadowed by SCP-1108, non-anomalous *Alligator mississippiensis* have been found congregating in groups of 6 to, at time of reporting, 24. These infestations occur most frequently on private property, with the majority occurring inside affluent communities.

The lack of data from prior occurrences makes it difficult to predict whether the size, range, and extent of the phenomenon's influence have remained stable, or increased over time. ~~Recorded appearances so far follow a regular interval, occurring up to three times every two years; always preceding the rainy season of June-September~~ (*see Addendum 07/01/2012*).

 

**Excerpt from Field Report 1108-16**

> Notable events which took place within 24 hours of SCP-1108's appearance over the 2185.2 square meters of residential space in Palm Beach County:

> * 37 reports of juvenile and adult American alligators on private property

> 

> * A woman reports an adult male alligator inside her kitchen; local news media reports the specimen's length as 14 feet

> 

> * 6 reports of alligators attempting to enter homes; while this behavior is not unprecedented, the number of instances is highly abnormal

> 

> * Three non-fatal attacks of alligators on humans, one resulting in significant injury

> 

> * One fatal attack of a juvenile male alligator against an adolescent

> 

> * 18 concurrently files reports of missing pets

> The Florida Water Management District recorded an average of 16.5 cm rise in drainage canal levels, despite the lack of precipitation. As the majority of the southern portion of the state is kept above the waterline by an extensive network of such drainage canals, any significant rise in freshwater levels represents a threat to life and property.  

>   

> It is unclear at this time whether the intrusion of *Alligator mississippiensis* was a displacement of existing creatures or a sudden population increase. It is unlikely that the existing state infrastructure could adequately contain repeat occurrences. 

**Addendum 07/01/2012** 

> As of 06/21/2012, SCP-1108 has made two consecutive appearances. Only the second was accompanied by an influx of *Alligator mississippiensis*; however, the rise in water levels mandated flood evacuation in two counties. The possible undetected infestation of *Alligator mississippiensis* in flooded areas cannot be determined, at this time.

> 

> During the most recent occurrence, field agents reported a previously unrecorded auditory phenomenon~~ described as "a series of low, drawn-out rumbles"~~ which were sustained over several hours.

>  

> Radiometric measurements taken during the course of these observations do not indicate temperature changes conducive to creating lightning. However, the recorded sounds do bear a striking resemblance to a male alligator's bellow.

<< [SCP-1107](SCP-1107) | SCP-1108 | [SCP-1109](SCP-1109) >>
