=====

=====

SCP-1305

[Series 2](scp-series-2) » SCP-1305

| %%title%% |
| --- |
| =  By  ,  and  |
| Published on %%created_at|%d %b %Y%% |
:root {

  --accentColor: #7683BB;

  --accentColorLite: #9883BB;

  --lgurl: url(https://scpwiki.github.io/sigma/images/header-logo.svg);

}

🕰️ **Word Count: 2.5k Words** 🕰️

SCP-1305

]

]

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-1305 has supposedly concluded, containment efforts are focused on maintaining the fabrication of the Shawn family's death. Until SCP-1305 is confirmed to exist, the residence of Brandon Shawn remains secured and off-limits. 

**Description:** SCP-1305 refers to a series of supposed anomalous interactions depicted in the journal of one Brandon Shawn. 

On 12/SEP/2003, neighbors reported unusual noises emanating from Brandon Shawn's residence. These sounds Described variably as animalistic screaming, bone-crunching, and weeping.  prompted a call to local authorities. Foundation agents embedded within the police force responded soon after, leading to the immediate quarantine of the house.

SCP-1305, if real, is not conclusively linked to any known anomalous entities. SCP-1305 is suspected to be associated with numerous missing persons cases in Whinsafort, New Hampshire, based on the following observed patterns:

* Appearance of some form of domestic animal Examples primarily include cats, dogs, and hamsters. .

* The usage of said animal as a lure.

* Some member of the family taking these animals in, due to varying reasons.

* The subsequent disappearance of all family members with no explanation or physical evidence.

Brandon Shawn depicted numerous interactions with a house cat and his son, Cameron Shawn, in his journal, although the validity of the entries created by Brandon is uncertain. The following excerpts from his journal have been retrieved for analysis:

 **10/JUL/2003**  

I was making some scrambled eggs for Cam and me this morning when he came scampering on in, going on about that cat again. He said it was in the front yard. He *really* wanted me to look at it -- so I let him tug me over to the bay window.

Lo and behold, there's a cat. White little thing, bits of faded orange on it. Looked soft as ever and was starin' right at us. Must've heard Cam from the front yard or something. He asked if he could finally pet it, but I had to tell him no. He needed to eat first. After ten minutes of scarfing down his breakfast, he ran outside.

And the cat wasn't there.

Wonder whose cat it is. Didn't see a collar or anything like that. One thing stopping me from calling it a stray was that it looked perfectly groomed and like it was just bathed.

 **13/JUL/2003**  

I helped Cameron pack up for his mom's earlier today. He was all abuzz and excited... part of that hurt. I don't know. I'm not trying to be selfish. It's just... He never seems to be as happy with me as he is with her. I worry that I'm doing something wrong. I want him to feel as safe and happy here as he does with Marianne. 

While I was sitting at the kitchen table after she picked him up, I heard something. Scratching sounds. Frantic, aggressive little clawing-on-wood type noises. Hoping it's not those raccoons deciding my attic's prime real estate. *Again...*

 **21/JUL/2003**  

Cam's still at his mom's. Don't get him back 'til the twenty-seventh. That cat Cam wanted to pet came back ~~ was looking for him, I guess. I've been finding myself leaving out food for the little thing. Seen him once or twice more now ~~ dashing across the yard or trying, poorly, to hide in the bushes.

Poor thing must be hungry to keep plowing through bowls like it does. Always licks 'em clean. 

I've been thinking about Cam and the cat. Well, not *the* cat. Just any cat. Cam'd be a lot happier if he had a friend to keep him company at my house. Help him learn responsibility and the such -- taking care of a pet and whatnot. Mostly worrying about the price. 

Then again, I don't think I know a single person who owns a cat that says they spent money adopting it rather than taking in a poor little guy off the street. The cat looks healthy, anyway. Going to wait until I have enough for a vet visit before I try to adopt the little guy.

 **22/JUL/2003**  

Got off the phone with Marianne. She loves the idea. She even said when she drops him off on Sunday that she's going to give me a lint roller! Agreed to "covertly" see if Cam was allergic. I'll have to see if I myself am. 

Then again, I've been feeling off lately. I really hope it isn't the cat. And if it is, I really hope Marianne hasn't told Cam yet.

 **29/JUL/2003**  

Cam came into my room last night all spooked. Said he heard something scratching at his window. I let him spend the rest of the night in my bed while I got a pillow and blanket on the ground. Told him it was probably just some branches from that tree in the back we needed to trim being blown around by the wind.

In all honesty, I think it's some other critter in the house. Going to ask Garrison to come over later -- help me search the house to see if anything's moved in.

Cam ~~ the little rascal ~~ said he's going to try to spook the other kids with his story. 

 **03/AUG/2003**  

The cat was there again when I woke up. Thing had its head pressed against the glass. Eyes wide, ears up, motionless. Watching me. Tail started moving when I sat up from my bed to stare back.

Something ain't right with the damn thing.

It ran the moment I tried to examine it. But it just... looked off. Looked more like the thing was yanked away. I'm going to ask Mr. Nathans to let me look at his security camera footage. Thing's pointed right at the window. Plus, I'm worried about that cat -- think somebody might've tied a string to it and is yanking it away to scare people.

Would explain why the damn cat always looks so clean. 

 **08/AUG/2003**  

Gas prices are getting ridiculous, I'll tell you. Drove to the store today ~~ got school stuff for Cam, milk, eggs, bread, and some extra cat food ~~ and I swear the price went up at least twenty cents overnight. God knows it's going to take until Thanksgiving for it to drop back *down* at least half of that.

Speaking of cat food, I've looked at the footage. It looked weird, but -- I don't know. I've seen it since then and it's been acting fine? Moving fine, too. Nothing crazy. I think it might have been hungry, clawing at my window like it was crazed. Then when I popped up, it got so scared and ran so fast it didn't... run right? I don't know...

I should start putting out more food for it. 

 **10/AUG/2003**  

Well, Cam's gone. At Marianne's for the next two weeks. Gave Marianne a lunchbox and pencils for Cam. Also gave her five dollars to help her with Cam's backpack. My boy's starting school next week! Going into fourth grade! I'm proud of him.

Marianne asked me about the cat -- when I was getting it. Told her that I was saving up a few hundred for the vet and buying everything for it. Before we made the drive, Cam had the cat in his arms, asking if I could pet her. 

That rascal wants that cat, and he knows how to manipulate me to get it. Looked at me with those evil eyes of his. I gave in, petting it. It had to be the softest thing I've ever felt. 

 **13/AUG/2003**  

Picking up opening and closing shifts for that stupid adorable little cat. Should start getting the opener and closer bonuses by the time Cam gets back. Don't know how long I can keep that going. But, with enough coffee, anything is possible.

You would not be able to tell that the cat's been eating so much food. It looks like one missed meal away from just being bones and fur.

 **18/AUG/2003**  

My boy went to his first day of school! Me, him, and Marianne called during dinner to talk about it. He's making new friends, reading, and sounds like he's having fun! She's going to take him to Blockbuster tomorrow -- get some movies for him. 

I'm going back to just opening. The paycheck is going to be great, but I can't keep powering through with twelve-hour shifts.

 **20/AUG/2003**  

Three-hundred and seventy-seven dollars. For eighty-four hours of work in a single week. I don't know if that'll be enough to get the cat to the vet *on top of* buying the cat everything that it needs.

That damn scratching is back. Garrison and I didn't find anything -- so I'm out of ideas. I tried to climb up to my roof with shears, but the tree has got to be around ten feet away from the roof.

 **23/AUG/2003**  

Cam, that little cheeky rascal, came back from the bus stop with that cat in his arms! Just begged me to keep her.

And Cam broke me. Stared into my soul, cat in hands. I should've said no. Waited just another few days for my paycheck. But, future me wont understand how impossible it was to say no to a pre-pubescent, with the most adorable little creature in his arms at the same time.

Praying that it will be fine if we don't take the cat to the vet for a few days.

Guess I have to buy a litter box now.

 **25/AUG/2003**  

Been teaching Cam how to take care of the cat for the last few days. How much food to pour, how much water it needs, how to clean the litter box -- well, I would be teaching him the litter box part. But for all of the food the cat's eaten so far, it hasn't used it yet. Granted, we've been letting her roam around outside. She seems to stay outside most nights, so I'll just pray it's that. 

I really, *really* hope the cat isn't sick.

Don't think I've written about his grades yet. He's doing great. When me and his mother split up... I don't know. I was worried that it would hurt him badly. It would be worse if it was a bad breakup, but... I don't know. He's a smart kid -- The teachers noticed it. Said he's been getting straight A's so far. He's a strong kid, too. I'm proud of him.

We need to think of a name for the cat.

 **26/AUG/2003**  

I called the vet. They said a visit would only be two hundred dollars. After all of the stuff for the cat, we'll have enough. There'll also be enough left over that I can treat Cam to something special this weekend. I'm taking the cat in on Friday -- if I can even find it.

Cam's so happy with that cat. He comes home with a smile and plays with it for hours. This might be the happiest I've seen him since before me and Marianne split up. It's... nice to see him like this again. He's going to a sleepover tonight at one of his friend's houses. Spoke to his friend's parents for around an hour. I trust them with Cam.

Cam should be fine. He's about a five-minute drive from Marianne's house. Although, she hasn't called back for the past few days.

 **28/AUG/2003**  

twenty four hours. its been twenty four hours. why the fuck did i wait twenty four hours? they said i didnt need to. as soon as i thought he was gone, i could have. but i didnt. i thought he was trying to sneak off to his friends houses, one of their houses. i called everyone i could think of. it makes me sick. what kind of father lets this happen?

im pretty sure marianne left town. i dont know where she is. no one does. police checked on her, and she wasnt at her house. her car was there. i dont know what shes doing right now. does she even know? did she do it? ... no. no. she couldnt do it. she wouldnt do it. god knows where she is. i cant find her and i cant find him. -- i wont ever find him-

they took my boy. some sick bastard stole him from me. he was waiting at the bus and didnt even make it to school. thats what they think. what kind of monster steals a nine year old boy right in front of his front lawn? what kind of a father doesnt even notice? im never going to see Cameron again.

i cant do this right now. i just cant do this.

i havent seen the cat. i need him. ive been trying to find him all day.

 **10/SEP/2003**  

its that fucking scratching. i hear it. i hear it every fucking night. i went out there at midnight, tried to trim the branches off of that tree. there wasnt even a breeze to move the branches. it doesnt matter. ive only been getting sleep when my body is too tired to know its awake.

the police gave up. they arent going to look for my boy anymore. it hasnt even been two weeks yet and theyve given up on my boy. its over -- im never going to see my boy again.

i got my paycheck today. garrison dropped it off at my place. the boss heard what happened and paid me for the hours i didnt work. even gave me overtime pay. garrison was a welcome sight. he reminded me what day it was.

he came in, checked up on me, and brought me a pizza. then we started to talk. i didnt want to talk about Cameron. so, we talked about work. we talked about food. we talked about brewing wine. we talked about the world. we talked about everything.

and then i broke.

i wept. i wept in front of him. it wasnt anything specific that we were talking about. i just broke randomly. i didnt fully realize i was crying, either. i didnt know what to do. i was sitting there, crying in front of my best friend over my lost boy -- and garrison gave me a hug. he patted my back as i cried broken tears in his arms.

i have no idea why he did that. but, it was the best thing he couldve done for me.

 **12/SEP/2003**  

I saw him. i saw my boy. he was in the yard. Through my bedroom window, i saw him. I saw my boy! I brought him home! he's home! Its my boy! he's back! hes safe! he's home! he stood right there, waving as I brought him in! I mustve tackled him to the ground because i found myself and him hugging on the ground when he returned! hes inside now. God, he was so hungry. hes still eating! but it doesn't matter. he's safe! he's here! he's home!

but, my son is hurt. 

Cameron isn't moving quite right.

---

« [SCP-1304](SCP-1304) | SCP-1305 | [SCP-1306](SCP-1306) »

---

=====

> **Title:** 1305

> **Author(s):** Anonymous, 

> **Release year:** 2020

> **Note:** Created by  as a grayscaled version of an image by Anonymous

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

=====
