**Item #:** SCP-1976

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-1976 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber, located within [ Site-55](secure-facility-dossier-site-55)'s Safe SCP wing. Personnel entering SCP-1976's containment chamber are to wear tinted goggles to prevent accidental viewing of SCP-1976. All images and videos depicting SCP-1976 have been destroyed, and the creation of new images is to be considered a breach of containment.

**Description:** SCP-1976 is a humanoid organism, approximately 2 meters tall and weighing 80 kilograms. When viewed remotely, SCP-1976 resembles the subject believed to be responsible for its creation, an adult male named Alan ██████, in a persistent vegetative state. 

If a human subject is able to view SCP-1976, whether by seeing it physically or on a reproduced image such as a photograph, they will come under the immediate and permanent belief that SCP-1976 is the person they recognize as their father, who has recently been injured due to a serious accident. Subjects will attempt to draw attention to their father's condition, which will invariably lead to additional subjects being affected by SCP-1976. If an SCP-1976-affected person is presented with their real father, they will not recognize them and react as though they were a stranger. Subjects who have never known a father figure, have a deceased father, or have lived without their father since early childhood, will be unaffected. 

If more than one subject is affected by SCP-1976 at once, they will each believe that SCP-1976 is their father. They will attempt to conduct logical arguments with other SCP-1976-affected subjects, attempting to use their interpretations of SCP-1976's appearance to convince them. When these attempts invariably fail, subjects will attempt to take SCP-1976 by force, sometimes attempting to contact higher levels of authority in order to accomplish this.

SCP-1976 was discovered on 9/17/1976, after a case of massive confusion caused by SCP-1976 at a local hospital reached Foundation assets. Investigation into SCP-1976's origin revealed that it had been taken to the hospital from a residential address in Boston, MA. Several audio tape recordings were recovered from the address' basement, with neighbors and family members issued amnestics. 

**Addendum:** The following is a series of audio tape recordings produced by Alan ██████, a former mortuary assistant who had expired two days prior to SCP-1976's recovery. Investigation into connections between this individual and possible [groups](scp-814) of [interest](scp-332) have not yielded substantial evidence.

@@@@

@@@@

Experiment 5.

The stiff actually woke up this time. I couldn't transfer what I had to onto him because he started freaking out, so I had to put him down. I don't think the girls heard it, so that's a relief.

*[A wet cough is audible.]*

This one, uh. It's a real catastrophe, I tell you. I don't know how I'm going to explain how all the corpses keep going missing from the morgue to Mitchell, but I can't stop now.

@@@@

@@@@

Hey Jess, hey Liz. It's dad. I wanted to tell you how happy I am that you graduated high school. And if you didn't, well, why is your mom playing this for you?

*[Laughter, which is suddenly cut off by a single cough.]*

You're on to your next big adventure; college! You're both smart cookies, so I just know you got accepted into Harvard. I just wish I could see you now. Be good, and remember, no boys until after you graduate, okay? I'm holding your mom to that.

@@@@

@@@@

Experiment 9. 

Nothing is working anymore. I can't get them to wake up and Artie is starting to get suspicious that I'm at the dump every other night with a huge bag. Son of a bitch... 

*[There is a light snapping sound, presumably a lighter being turned on.]*

What am I going to do? I'll have to make sure I get rid of these recordings so Anna doesn't flip her lid after I...

*[A sigh.]*

God damn it.

@@@@

@@@@

Hey, Jess, hey Liz. It's dad. If you're hearing this, it's because one of you is getting married! Sorry I couldn't be there for you on your special day, darling, but you know how it is with these things. I love you. And I don't know who you're marrying, but if you love him, I'm sure he's real special.

I know that if you're getting married, a baby can't be far behind. Heh heh. You know, I never dreamed of being a grandfather? I always thought it would be me and my girls, forever young. But I know that's impossible. 

Between you and me, I'd be a lousy grandfather. I'd spoil your kids rotten.

@@@@

@@@@

I have been a fool. All this time I thought making them wake up was what I had to do, but that [schoolteacher](remembrance) proved me wrong. I'd better get to work.

*[A wet, hacking cough.]*

<< [SCP-1975](SCP-1975) | SCP-1976 | [SCP-1977](SCP-1977) >>
