= [Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/softseals-author-page)

= [Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/gravelpage)

=====

=====

:root {

    --header-title: "SCP-1166";

    --header-subtitle: "THE BLYD";

}

> 

> ++++ NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

> 

> This document consists primarily of information learnt from an untrustworthy source. 

> 

> Please do not consider the following documentation as fact, rather, assume it is a general estimation of SCP-1166's description, anomalous properties, and social workings. The SCP-1166 file is likely subject to change as testing brings new information to light.

> 

> -- Rebecca Marsh, RAISA

> 

> 

---

# **Special Containment Procedures:**

The entrance to SCP-1166 has been thoroughly sealed in an effort to ensure that SCP-1166-B instances are not able to exit SCP-1166. Otherwise, all of SCP-1166's child instances are to be considered self-contained.

SCP-1166 was closed to the general populace under the guise of a failed mining operation, with the entrance being sealed to prevent gas leaks. A small task force has been implanted near the entrance of SCP-1166 in order to ensure no civilians enter. 

# **Description:**

SCP-1166 is a small system of caves comprising approximately 1km of interconnected tunnels located near the northernmost border of Aleppo, Syria. The cave systems within SCP-1166 all lead to a singular sinkhole, designated SCP-1166-A.

SCP-1166-A is an estimated 100m deep, with a diameter of 4.6m, filled throughout its entirety with a mixture containing both water and the blood of SCP-1166-B instances. This mixture exhibits a deep black coloring, along with an incredibly potent odor akin to that of strawberries and sugar. The mixture, referred to by SCP-1166-B instances as "the Blyd", hosts a variety of rejuvenating properties. When consumed or applied to biological organisms, "the Blyd" will near-instantly remove physical ailments, revitalize the organs, and briefly cease the aging process.

SCP-1166-B refers to a species of creatures within SCP-1166, which exhibit physical traits nearly identical to that of ancient *Homo sapiens*. SCP-1166-B are fluent in the Akkadian language, and are presumably sustained via "the Blyd" exclusively - whether purposeful or not. Dating of DNA samples indicates at least one SCP-1166-B instance has been alive since 10,000 BCE.

---

# **History**

The entrance to SCP-1166 was fully uncovered during illegal mining operations spanning from July 12th to August 18th, 1999. No civilians entered SCP-1166, as law enforcement shut down all operations and subsequently incarcerated all involved individuals before any attempt could be made to enter SCP-1166.

Shortly thereafter, on August 27th, 1999, a multitude of complaints were made by the residents of Aleppo, complaining about inexplicable odors and sounds emanating from the cave system. A team of Foundation Investigators were dispatched to the area, as suspected anomalous activity was ongoing.

Upon entering SCP-1166, investigators were quickly drawn to SCP-1166-A as they followed both the odor and "violent" sounds being emitted from SCP-1166-A. Upon entering the chamber in which SCP-1166-A was located, the Investigators were quickly greeted by a singular SCP-1166-B instance, who introduced themselves in ancient Akkadian. Translation was possible as Agent Anstead, an avid linguist and historian of the West Asian region, was present. 

Given the SCP-1166-B instance was non-hostile, the Investigators inquired as to what was within SCP-1166-A. The SCP-1166-B instance simply remarked that within SCP-1166-A, known to them as "the chamber," was "the masses". No elaboration was made at the time.

The Investigators requested to perform a series of tests within SCP-1166-A, to which the SCP-1166-B instance agreed. Shortly thereafter, a series of audio and video recordings were conducted over the course of 24 hours within SCP-1166-A.

As preparations for the aforementioned tests were being made, Agent Anstead managed to capture a brief conversation with the SCP-1166-B instance.

**Note:** All vocalizations beyond this point are translated from Akkadian into English.

*<Agt. Anstead turns on her personal body-camera as she sets up the testing equipment.>*

*A singular SCP-1166-B instance, designated "Zeta", is visible.*

**Agt. Anstead:** Could you give me your name, for the record.

**Zeta:** I don't...

*Zeta stops speaking for a few seconds.*

**Zeta:** Just put, just put anything down for me, I don't care.

**Agt. Anstead:** Understood.

*Anstead makes a note in her logbook before turning back to Zeta.*

**Agt. Anstead:** So, what exactly are you doing down here? The entrance isn't sealed, you could just leave.

**Zeta:** I've considered it. You've got a lot of time to consider down here. I guess it's because of them, the masses.

**Agt. Anstead:** The masses?

**Zeta:** Yes, yes. Those things below. Sorry, those people. It's important for me to stay here.

**Agt. Anstead:** What do you mean by that?

*Agt. Anstead squats down as she ties a carbon fiber line around the audio-recorder, ensuring it is properly secured.*

**Zeta:** Because I need to keep them from getting out.

**Agt. Anstead:** Why?

**Zeta:** The Blyd, the liquid throughout the chamber. It keeps us alive. If they're not down there, scratching at the walls, at each other, biting, tearing, bleeding, then we'd just... 

*Zeta begins rubbing its hands slowly.*

**Zeta:** We weren't supposed to live this long. I think something out there knows that. Something above us all. And it's waiting for the dam to break.

*Zeta looks down for a moment before returning its gaze to Anstead.*

**Zeta:** I can't let that happen. For my sake. For theirs.

*Zeta peers into SCP-1166-A, before returning to the corner. Anstead continues working and does not respond.*

**Zeta:** I don't really know where we came from. Maybe the ground cracked open and we were let out one day.

**Agt. Anstead:** So you just popped into existence?

**Zeta:** Yes - or, at least, I just remember that there were already people here. They were thrashing in the Blyd, bringing others down with them as they fought to escape. From then on, it was a matter of learning to swim.

*Zeta looks down into SCP-1166-A again. It does not turn towards Agt. Anstead when it speaks.*

**Zeta:** Some of us never did.

*Agt. Anstead tugs on the line, before doing the same preparation process for the video-recorder.*

*Zeta pauses for a moment.*

**Zeta:** I'm meant to be here. Why else would I have climbed this high? Everyone got dragged down, except for me. That means something.

**Agt. Anstead:** Do you feel bad for them?

*Zeta takes a few seconds to respond.*

**Zeta:** Perhaps I used to. Sometime long ago.

*Zeta looks down into the pit again.*

**Zeta:** Every time you see someone get torn apart, it gets harder to care.

*Agt. Anstead does not respond.*

**Zeta:** The ones who struggle, they keep me alive. And I keep them alive. We're helping each other. They don't realize that. They don't realize how important it is that I'm here for them. They're terrified, panicking. If they got out, any of them, all of this would be ruined.

*Agt. Anstead stops what she is doing, and fully turns to face Zeta.*

**Agt. Anstead:** How *do* you keep them down, exactly?

**Zeta:** Oftentimes, I don't have to.

*Zeta pauses for a moment.*

**Zeta:** They have hope. It's all they have, really. They all think they're the one who'll escape. And they'll do whatever it takes to make sure they do. They push down everyone around them, and they don't stop to consider that they could help each other.

*Agt. Anstead peers into SCP-1166-A.*

**Zeta:** Don't let yourself feel empathy for them. They certainly don't feel it for one another.

---

# Testing Results

= AUDIO RECORDING

= "SCP-1166-A | 1999"

---

SURFACE AUDIO - 17m

Voices Present: Alpha, Beta, Charlie Designations given in order to properly distinguish all instances 

*<BEGIN EXCERPT>*

**Alpha:** “Stop! Stop (pause). I can get out. I need to-”

*<Thrashing can be heard, alongside screaming. Alpha is dragged below the surface of the water.>*

*<Silence. Someone surfacing can be heard amongst the violent splashing.>*

**Beta:** (heavy panting, coughing)

**Charlie:** “Look! There's an edge!”

**Beta:** “Maybe I can maybe reach-”

**Charlie:** “Move! I saw it, let me do it!”

*<Beta and Charlie struggle with one another.>*

**Beta:** “No, get off - stop!”

*<Charlie pushes Beta under the water. His muffled screams are silenced by multiple individuals fighting to surface in his place.>*

*<The sounds of broken fingernails scraping against the rocky interior of SCP-1166-A can be heard.>*

*<END EXCERPT>*

---

*<BEGIN EXCERPT>*

*<A male SCP-1166-B instance, “Delta", can be heard groaning as he climbs up SCP-1166-A.>*

**Delta**: I see it... The top...

*<Delta continues climbing upwards, crying as he ascends.>*

*<As Delta climbs, the sounds of vomiting and coughing can be heard as he removes the water from his lungs.>*

**Delta**: I'm so close...

*<Delta laughs.>*

**Delta**: I made it...

**Delta**: It's so cold.

*<Delta can be heard catching his breath. He continues laughing quietly.>*

*<Silence.>*

*<Delta can be heard to continue climbing. Movement can be heard faintly above.>*

**Zeta**: I'm sorry. Maybe in another life.

**Delta:** Wha--

*<Delta screams, and a violent splash can be heard seconds later.>*

*<END EXCERPT>*

---

*<BEGIN EXCERPT>*

*<A female SCP-1166-B instance, “Echo”, is heard screaming violently. None of her words are intelligible.>*

*<The sounds of banging are heard; her crying grows more unstable with each bang.>*

*<A "crunch" can be heard as she slams her skull against the interior of SCP-1166-A. For a moment, there is silence.>*

*<Agonizing screams peak the recording device. A loud crackling noise can be heard as each granule of her skull reforms. Another crunch is heard, followed by a brief squelching. The crackling continues.>*

**Echo**: Please...

*<Echo goes silent. Shortly after, the sounds of another instance shoving her below the surface of the water can be heard.>*

*<END EXCERPT>*

= VISUAL RECORDING

= "SCP-1166-A | 1999"

---

= 17m - SURFACE RECORDING

<Multiple individuals can be seen fighting to stay atop SCP-1166-A’s surface. A few take notice of the recording device, desperately reaching to grab the line attached to the camera.>

<In their distraction, they are shoved below the water. Blood is visible throughout the interior of SCP-1166-A.>

<An older male is attempting to climb the interior of SCP-1166-A. His foot is grabbed by those below, and they claw at his ankles, desperately trying to cling to him as he climbs. This makes him fall into the water, where he is quickly overpowered by the female below him.>

= 25m - UNDERWATER RECORDING

<Frail SCP-1166-B instances can be seen below the more well-built instances above. They switch positions with the other instances around them every few seconds, attempting to coup the ones above.>

<They succeed, but are quickly dragged back down.>

= 50m - UNDERWATER RECORDING

<Juvenile SCP-1166-B instances desperately attempt to swim upwards, but are pushed back down easily by those above.>

<An SCP-1166-B instance can be seen grappling with the female above him. Upon being kicked, he begins to remove flesh from her calf via biting. She opens her mouth in what appears to be a scream, but is unable to vocalize as her lungs fill with water. The wound heals almost instantly.>

<A small male grabs the camera, staring at it before he is assaulted by a figure off frame.>

= 75m - DEEP WATER RECORDING

<SCP-1166-B instances of varying ages and sex are visible. They are attempting to swim upwards. However, they are unable to pass through the ones above, who push them down before they can make any noticeable progress.>

= 100m - DEEP WATER RECORDING

<What was initially assumed to be the bottom of SCP-1166-A is reached. The operator was prepared to reel the camera back in when the containment head of SCP-1166-A noticed several clumps of what appeared to be keratin pockmarking the surface.>

<Upon further investigation, it was discovered that the supposed bottom of SCP-1166-A is a block composed of large amounts of biological matter from SCP-1166-B instances. Several fingers protrude from it at intermittent angles, but do not move. There is a single eyeball present in the top center of the mass with an estimated 400 pupils. The head of containment requisitioned a drill implement which was sent down alongside the camera. While traveling through the block, the drill pierced through two brains, both of which healed rapidly around the cord.>

= 125m - DEEP WATER RECORDING

<The center of the cave is mostly empty. All SCP-1166-B instances visible are against the walls. Their fingers have been reduced to one solid digit with a blunted nail after repeated regeneration. It is unknown how much progress has been made while doing this or how long they have done so. When the camera is moved near their faces, they do not react.>

= 150m - DEEP WATER RECORDING

<Several groups of individuals can be seen huddled around each other. At the center of each group is another instance of SCP-1166-B. They are being held by the rest of the instances and periodically switch with another instance.>

<An SCP-1166-B instance slowly drifts further down. Another one reaches out for them, but goes no further.>

= 175m - STILL IMAGES - CAMERA DAMAGE SUSTAINED

* <A singular eye is visible.>

* <A pair of hands reaches out from beneath them, wrapping around their face.>

* <The figure does not retaliate, and sinks lifelessly as they are pushed down.>

* <The figure stares at the camera, before vanishing from view.>

= 200m - STILL IMAGE

<Dozens of SCP-1166-B instances are in frame, staring above blankly. No light is visible beyond this point.>

---

<< [SCP-1165](SCP-1165) | SCP-1166 | [SCP-1167](SCP-1167) >>

> **Name:** 8322a

> **Filename:** Tall Shaft Inside the Ruakuri Cave, Waitomo, New Zealand

> **Author:** Joe Ross

> **License:** CC BY SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/joeross/50801994086
