**Item #:** SCP-1538

**Object Class:** Pythagoras

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-1538 is kept in a locker at Site-Red, which has been retrofitted into a ventilated hazardous materials chamber. All personnel entering the locker must be issued elastomeric respirators equipped with chemical cartridges. Personnel selected to interact with SCP-1538 and SCP-1538-1 must be of Persian ethnicity, speak Farsi, and be approved by General Patterson.

**Description:** SCP-1538 is a Persian-style oil lamp made of copper and painted black. The object constantly emits a stream of fumes and gases from its spout. The substances expelled by SCP-1538 possess a composition similar to phosphorus pentafluoride—a neurotoxic gas—and are equally lethal. The neurotoxin emitted by SCP-1538 is created by SCP-1538-1.

SCP-1538-1 is an entity linked to SCP-1538, which emerges from the spout after it is rubbed. It possesses an outwardly male appearance and dons a 16th-century plague doctor mask when emerging from SCP-1538. SCP-1538-1 claims to specialize in "lethal poisons" and "wishes of death".

The entity believes it serves Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and is working to eliminate his political rivals. All personnel assigned to interact with it are to keep up this facade.

**Addendum 1538.01** - Use Log

| DATE | TARGET | AUTHORIZING OFFICER |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2002-11-03 | Qaed Salim Sinan al-Harethi | General Patterson |
| 2006-06-07 | Abu Musab al-Zarqawi | General Patterson |
| 2009-01-01 | Fahid Mohammed Ally Msalam | General Patterson |
| 2009-01-01 | Sheikh Ahmed Salim Swedan | General Patterson |
| 2013-04-14 | Abu Ubaydah Abdullah al-Adam | General Patterson |
| 2013-04-15 | General Patterson | N/A |
**Addendum 1538.02** - Emergency

On 2013-04-15, General Patterson was found deceased in his quarters, having expired from a lethal neurotoxin identical to that used by SCP-1538-1. Following a brief investigation and questioning of Agent Haddad, the assigned agent for the Abu Ubaydah Abdullah al-Adam elimination, it was learned Haddad stated "General Patterson will be pleased" before departing SCP-1538-1's locker. Haddad was admonished and reassigned.

SCP-1538-1 later confirmed it had killed General Patterson, claiming "(he) had been deceived by the *Ferenghi.*"

Due to the asset's newfound volatility, as well as mounting safety costs due to the constant stream of toxins produced from the object it inhabits, Agent Pilar put forth the plan of sealing off the spout and moving the object to low-priority storage. This was approved by the Defense Committee and Containment personnel. A high-endurance plug was placed on the spout immediately following. SCP-1538 was left in its current Containment Chamber until an adequate spot could be found for it in low-priority storage. However, the object appeared to move on its own a few times before ultimately falling off its pedestal.

This action was detected by motion sensors in its chamber, and guards were dispatched immediately. SCP-1538 was found on the ground, alongside a maskless and deceased SCP-1538-1. A postmortem analysis indicated SCP-1538-1 had expired from inhalation of the neurotoxin it produces-- drowned in its own poison.

Immediately following this, SCP-1538 was found to have ceased production of the neurotoxin gas. This, paired with SCP-1538-1's death, have resulted in the object currently pending reclassification to Nihil.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-1537](SCP-1537) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-1539](SCP-1539) >>

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

]

=====

> **Filename:** lamp.JPG

> **Author:** Daderot

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Oil_lamp,_Iran,_Seljuk_dynasty,_12th-13th_century_AD,_bronze_-_Huntington_Museum_of_Art_-_DSC05059.JPG)
