@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-1709

@@ @@

**Object Class:** Keter

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-1709 is currently contained within all Foundation facilities. In order to endure successful containment of SCP-1709, the Foundation will maintain a fixed surplus of containment units throughout all of its facilities in perpetuity.

According to the containment protocols scried by the Department of Ascetics, the number of empty containment units is to remain stable at approximately 35% of all available containment units within the Foundation. Any and all new facilities constructed to achieve this threshold must be fully functioning Foundation containment sites, with facilities rated for Keter-Class anomalies.

SCP-1709 is not to be gazed upon. Personnel found to have trouble sleeping are to be remanded into the custody of the Department of Ascetics for screening.

Imaging of SCP-1709 is an ongoing effort, currently under the direction of a concerted effort by the Ethics Committee, the Department of Security, and the O5 Council. Failure by Foundation facilities to advance the goals of the project is to be discussed amongst these groups and the Department of Ascetics at the SCP-1709 quarterly meeting, with sanctions applied accordingly.

 

@@ @@

**UPDATE 1709-1:**

Containment of SCP-1709 has deteriorated. Current projections estimate a total containment failure within the year in the absence of corrective measures. In order to ameliorate or reverse the course of SCP-1709's manifestation, the Department of Ascetics has determined that at least two thirds of all containment units are to remain empty throughout all Foundation facilities. In order to accomplish this, decommissioning and/or integration has been approved for a number of Safe and Euclid-Class anomalies.

All Foundation personnel possessing anomalous properties are to have their contracts terminated upon confirmation of said anomaly/anomalies by the Department of Security.

Imaging of SCP-1709 is still underway. The Department of Containment has been dissolved, and as such, the project now falls exclusively to the Ethics Committee and remaining members of the O5 Council.

@@ @@

**UPDATE 1709-2:**

Containment of SCP-1709 continues to degrade at an accelerated rate due to the failure of the imaging project. As such, the Department of Ascetics has directed all Foundation sites to begin the process of decommissioning (or sealing away of, as the situation permits) all remaining Keter and Euclid-Class anomalies within their possession. Following the completion of this project, with an estimated 99.99% containment units dedicated to SCP-1709, all personnel are to be relieved of their obligations and reintegrated into civilian life. Department of Ascetics personnel are to remain within Site-01 until the containment of SCP-1709 has been reinstated. Failure to accomplish this will result in [REDACTED].

The Foundation thanks them for their service.

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Description:** [REDACTED].

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Discovery:**

<< [SCP-1708](SCP-1708) | SCP-1709 | [SCP-1710](SCP-1710) >>

 

> **Filename:** perfection.jpg

> **Name:** perfection.jpg

> **Author:**

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-1709/perfection.jpg
