SCP-4508 "Orderly Prophetic" by: 

@@ @@

[~DrAkimoto's Author Page~](http://www.scp-wiki.net/drakimoto-s-author-page)

>

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-4508 is currently held in Safe Security Locker 6 at Site-71.

>

The Parazoology Division sends patrols to the area of discovery on a monthly basis. Any otter populations will be observed and contained if necessary.

> 

**Description:** SCP-4508 is a 1.7 meter tall statue depicting a Eurasian otter (*Lutra lutra*), of unknown geologic composition. No feasible method of damaging SCP-4508 has been discovered. Etched into the base of SCP-4508 is the Arabic word النبيThe Prophet..

>

Sealed within SCP-4508 is a human male identified as Thomas Lapen, designated SCP-4508-1. Despite SCP-4508-1 lacking the ability to consume food or water, MRI scans indicate its vital signs remain stable. The lucidity of SCP-4508-1 is currently unknown. 

>

**Discovery:** The Foundation was tipped off by an emergency call originating from Hallsburg, Oregon after the caller claimed that their friend was "abducted by evil otters". Field agents found evidence of a struggle in SCP-4508-1's home, and SCP-4508 was discovered in the back yard surrounded by used candles and various species of shellfish.

> 

**Addendum 4508 -1:** The following excerpts are from SCP-4508-1's text message records, detailing the chain of events leading to the discovery of SCP-4508.

>

---

**4/20/2017**   

---

 **6:42pm|Tom:** Hey man, leaving work now. omw to you.

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **6:44pm|Rich:** be safe

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **6:49pm|Tom:** Fuck

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **6:50pm|Rich:** ?

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **6:52pm|Tom:** I hit a weird looking dog or somethign, idfk what it was... dead now 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **6:52pm|Rich:** Stop fucking around we got shit to do

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **6:53pm|Tom:** k brt 

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**4/21/2017**

---

  **8:31am|Rich:** Did u call me last night?

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **9:05am|Tom:** Was spooked

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **9:06am|Rich:** w h y 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **9:07am|Tom:** Had weirdest fucking dream. Got attacked by seals or some shit... when I woke up my room was a mess. W E I R D 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **9:12am|Rich:** Youre room is always a mess. :p Stop watching those stupid ghost shows before bed

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **9:15am|Tom:** lol your right. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **9:35am|Rich:** Can't hang out today.. will see you after work tomorrow though

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **9:37am|Tom:** Oof. bye 

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**4/22/2017**

---

 **12:15pm|Tom:**  Had that same dream again last night. Definitely otters. found a bunch of sea shells in my room this morning too 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **12:17pm|Rich:** s p o o k y

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **12:20pm|Tom:** dick. Ill txt you when I get off 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **12:22pm|Rich:**K

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **4:32pm|Tom:** YO 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **4:35pm|Rich:** u out.?

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **4:36pm|Tom:** UR NOT GONNA BELIEVE THIS SHIT 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **4:38m|Rich:** here we go lol 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **4:37pm|Tom:** so im tying one of the boats to the dock and what do I see. 3 fucking otters dude. Just watching me.. It was creepy 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **4:40pm|Rich:** You get a pic?

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **4:42pm|Tom:** Didnt have phone on me 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **4:43pm|Rich:** OK if your done hallucinating can we go to the movies lol

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **4:36pm|Tom:** Dude iim serious. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **4:48pm|Rich:** just fuck off and get over here before we r late

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **4:38pm|Tom:**  brt just gotta stop for gas 

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**4/23/2017**

---

@@ @@

 **6:10pm|Tom:**  Dude look 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **6:11pm|Rich:** is that your car? wtf happened lol

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **6:12pm|Tom:**  idk man we got off the docks and there's this huge pile of fucking shells next to my car. shit reeks 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **6:13pm|Tom:**  everyone is saying they didn't see them get dropped off. Someones fucking with me 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **6:15pm|Rich:** whatever man. fuk em - it the weekend!!

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **6:16pm|Tom:** u right lol we goin to cindys thing later? 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **6:16pm|Rich:** lezzzgoooooo

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **6:20pm|Tom:** k brt 

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**4/24/2017**

---

 **2:06pm|Tom:** aadusudhsjdjshi 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **2:07pm|Rich:** Oh yeah? 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **2:07pm|Tom:** Dude I just got chased like 4 fuking blocks 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **2:08pm|Rich:** wtf?! by who???? 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **2:09pm|Tom:** ur not gonna belive me... 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **2:10pm|Rich:** WHO WAS IT!! 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **2:12pm|Tom:** it was like...10 fucking otters man. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **2:13pm|Rich:** Lol your a fucking riot....u had me there for a sec. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **2:13pm|Tom:** IM NOT FUCKING JOKING 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **2:14pm|Tom:** I told you ive been seeing these fuckers everywhere 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **2:15pm|Rich:** dude ur like obsessed c h I l l o u t 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **2:16pm|Tom:** U FUCKIN CHILL 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **2:16pm|Tom:** your not the one having weird ass dream and being chased by fuckin otters 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **2:17pm|Rich:** neither are YOU 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **2:17pm|Rich:** Fucking otters. u need to chill out on the bud man. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **2:18pm|Tom:** fuck you. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **4:32pm|Rich:** probably too busy with your otters but is we chillin today? 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **4:32pm|Tom:** fuk off man your being a real DICK. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **4:37pm|Rich:** lol w.e bro hmu when your done being weird. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**4/27/2017**

---

 **12:48pm|Tom:** FK MAN I NED HELP 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **12:48pm|Rich:** ...what? 

@@ @@

@@ @@ 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **12:49pm|Rich:** wtf where are you!!?! 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **12:51pm|Rich:** yoooooo? 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **12:55pm|Rich:** dud not funny where are you? 

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**4/28/2017**

---

  **8:19am|Rich:** yo 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **9:45am|Rich:** okay man, I get it, im sorry

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**4/29/2017**

---

   **11:19am|Rich:** Youre mom called said u weren't home, WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU????

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

   **4:48pm|Rich:**  idk man your not home or answering calls....im callin cops your freaking me out. u beter not be fucking around.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

>

All attempts to locate the otters responsible for the attack or determine the source of SCP-4508 have proven unsuccessful.

<< [SCP-4507](SCP-4507) | SCP-4508 | [SCP-4509](SCP-4509) >>
