[!~~ PLEASE DO NOT EDIT ANYTHING ON THIS PAGE WITHOUT PERMISSION FROM THE AUTHORS ~~]

[!~~ THE FORMATTING IS THIS WAY ON PURPOSE ~~]

.lie{

     font-weight: bold;

     font-family: monospace;

     font-size: 140%;

}

.notice{

    border: 1px solid #f9e24d;

    outline: 4px solid #b54d3b;

    color: #f9e24d;

    background: #b54d3b;

    padding: 10px;

    text-align: center;

}

#page-content .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.5s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

#page-title {

    display: none;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION DEPARTMENT OF MISCOMMUNICATIONS

There is information not present in this document. This is unintentional.

-- Eli Forkley, Director, DoMC

**Item #:**

**Object Class:**

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-4773-2 has been moved to a 4 metre by 4 metre by 4 metre containment cellSize of chamber acts as a baseline for testing; see **Addendum.1** for more information. at Site-96 for the purpose of testing. Containment Team CT-4773 are to remain on standby during the initial Preliminary Analysis phase of containment, which is ongoing.

**Description:** SCP-4773-2 is a brown, stuffed bear composed of synthetic fur and cotton. SCP-4773-2 will periodically levitate between 10 and 70 centimetres from the ground, and move in irregular patterns. Objects, entities, and surfaces near SCP-4773-2 may be wholly or partially imperceptible. This is considered normal behaviour.

Due to events, it is suspected that the anomaly possesses some secondary mind-affecting effects. ~~This has been conclusively disproved.~~ *This is considered ~~normal~~ behaviour.* See below.

**Tentative Description:** The following properties which may or may not relate to circumstances surrounding SCP-4773-2 are currently unconfirmed. Reader discretion is advised.

* Mass, shape, etc. -- baseline, normal physical properties

* Movement (**verified**)

* Changes in environment (unspecified (**verified**))

* Removal of food.

* Triggering of *unspecified* subconscious instincts amongst personnel.

* Improper disposal of food ~~waste~~*, which was fully edible at the time*(?) by personnel

 * Fate unknown.

 * Currently three (3) sandwiches, four (4) packets of salted potato chips, and various assorted confectionery.

* Movement (**unverified**)

* ~~Mind-affecting~~ Invoking emotions

- sadness

- pity ~~for what?~~

* It's difficult (**verified**)

* ~~An inability to properly co~~

* ~~Staff are unable t~~

* The existence of implications (**unclear**)(?)

---

**Addendum.1 | Testing Log:**

On April 10th, 1996, a proposal for testing involving SCP-4773-2 (intended to collect data on its anomalous visual effects) was approved by Site-96 staff, and conducted a week later.During this time, SCP-4773-2's containment cell was designated off-limits and personnel were advised to create an acceptable baseline by keeping interaction with related anomalies to a minimum. Also of note, SCP-4773-2's visual properties did not correspond to its location. For the test, the east-facing wall of SCP-4773-2's containment cell was lined with numbered square tiles, 25 cm in length, and observed via closed-circuit surveillance systems. Every hour, a Researcher made note of which tiles they were unable to view, either partially or fully. SCP-4773-2's location can be ascertained from the placement of the red tile.  Five hours into testing, procedures were halted, as no conclusive evidence was able to be drawn. The data-sets can be found below.

Testing concluded on April 18th, 1996.

<details>
<summary>There is (1) new update to the file</summary>

> **1996-04-23**

> ~~-~~

> SCP-4773-2 has been identified as non-anomalous and placed into storage. SCP-4773-1 was located in its containment chamber alongside the object, deceased due to dehydration -- cremation of the body is scheduled for 04-30, and decontamination of the chamber is ongoing

</details>

#### Translations:

**CN** - http://scp-wiki-cn.wikidot.com/scp-4773

**JA** - http://ja.scp-wiki.net/scp-4773

**DE** - http://scp-wiki-de.wikidot.com/scp-4773

**RU** - http://scpfoundation.net/scp-4773

**PL** - http://scp-wiki.net.pl/scp-4773

**KO** - http://ko.scp-wiki.net/scp-4773

**VN** - http://scp-vn.wikidot.com/scp-4773

« [SCP-4772](SCP-4772) | SCP-4773-2 | [SCP-4774](SCP-4774) »

> **Filename:** Times.png

> **Name:** Times.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-4773/Times.png
