&**SCP-4853**

**Author:**  ([Author Page](aismallard))

My first boldpost.

span.reference {

    vertical-align: super;

}

**Item #:** SCP-4853(1)

**Object Class:** Keter(2)

**Special Containment Procedures:** The only designation which may be applied to SCP-4853 is SCP-4853.This prohibits phrases such as "the anomaly", "the object", "it", or colloquial terms like "skip". Other references to SCP-4853 may exist only in this document, and may not exceed ten instances. A numeric identifier for each active reference has been placed next to its first appearance.

Civilians who express awareness of SCP-4853 are to be amnesticized. If needed, standard financial remediation is to be carried out.

**Description:** SCP-4853 is a metaphysical concept(3) with a high degree of informational inertia.(4)

**Addendum 4853-1:** Experiment Logs

> ****Experiment 4853-1****

> 

> **Procedure:** D-41562 inquires about the nature of █████

> **Result:** Information received, but became disassociated.

> ****Experiment 4853-2****

> 

> **Procedure:** D-41562 inquires about the nature of █████

> **Result:** Information received, but became disassociated.

> ****Experiment 4853-3****

> 

> **Procedure:** D-41562 inquires about the nature of ███ ███████

> **Result:** Information received, but became disassociated.

> ****Experiment 4853-4****

> 

> **Procedure:** D-41562 associates information from previous tests.

> **Result:** Reference created (#4).

> ****Experiment 4853-5****

> 

> **Procedure:** Dr. Archibald classifies ███ ███████ as SCP-4853.

> **Result:** Reference created (#1).

> ****Experiment 4853-6****

> 

> **Procedure:** D-41562 inquires about containment strategy for SCP-4853.

> **Result:** Reference created (lost), some information discarded.

> ****Experiment 4853-7****

> 

> **Procedure:** D-41562 inquires about containment strategy for SCP-4853.

> **Result:** Reference created (#2), some information discarded. 

> ****Experiment 4853-8****

> 

> **Procedure:** D-41562 collates information about SCP-4853.

> **Result:** Information grouped into reference (#3).

> ****Experiment 4853-9****

> 

> **Procedure:** D-41562 inquires about the distinctions between SCP-4853 and █████.

> **Result:** Message received (see below). Containment procedures finalized.

> **Note:** Extraneous references destroyed using amnestics.

**Addendum 4853-2:** Received Message

> Hello valued customer!

> 

> You have used all of your █████ quota! We have automatically deducted $350,000,000 from your account and upgraded you to the next plan level, giving you **10 references**.

> 

> Don't hesitate to contact our helpdesk with any questions regarding your subscription!

]

<< [SCP-4852](SCP-4852) | SCP-4853 | [SCP-4854](SCP-4854) >>
