.addendum {

    border:solid 2px #999999;

    background:#F5F5F5;

    width:84%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-4214 is currently stored in the Foundation database, along with several digital copies. ~~Foundation webcrawlers are to delete any instances of SCP-4214 found on the Internet.~~ No other copies of SCP-4214 exist outside the Foundation database.

No further containment procedures have been deemed necessary at this time.

**Description:** SCP-4214 is a digital image file depicting a muscular humanoid presenting what is believed to be a sealed container in its raised right hand. The image carries mild cognitohazardous properties, which manifest as a form of selective aphasia Medical disorder that affects an individual's ability to communicate.  when its entirety is observed by a sapient entity. This effect is also carried over to any physical copies of the image. 

SCP-4214's cognitohazardous effects cease within 12 hours, and have not been noted to leave affected individuals with any harmful secondary effects. 

**Addendum 4214.01: Recovered Chat Logs**

Foundation webcrawlers discovered and recorded chat logs believed to be relevant to SCP-4214 from a GoI-5869 (“Gamers Against Weed”) chat room, attached below.

---

«BEGIN LOG»

---

**##lightseagreen|NunwithaGun:##** so that's like 43gb gone in total

**##lightseagreen|NunwithaGun:##** jesus is very unhappy with me today

**##orange|teemo:##** clearly

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** yall i got some real funny shit up my sleeve

**##orange|teemo:##** go on

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** remember the hugh morganson guy?

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** the one who attempted to clown on us?

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** apparently he's doing an anart commission rn, idk for who

**##orange|teemo:##** ok, and?

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** its supposed to make people talk about whatever sorta product the client wants on it idk

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** so i snuck in smthn of my own >:)

**##orange|teemo:##** what does it do?

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** not much difference tbh, it does make people talk when they see it

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##**  fucks with their speech tho, so only gibberish comes out lol

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##**  "oh yeah i love this company's djajadjf it's real tjeqcvio mmmm yeah baby"

**##orange|teemo:##** lmao

**##lightseagreen|NunwithaGun:##** lmao

**##purple|lesbian_gengar:##** **##forestgreen|@also_alia##** i'm not sure it's a good idea to sabotage a commission like that. much more for an unknown client.

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** itll be fine 

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** shit wears off in a few hours

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** client cant possibly be anyone big, hugh belongs to the niche of the niche lol

**##orange|teemo:##** finally, the perfect ~~murder~~ troll

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** plus you know how well i can cover me tracks 

**##lightseagreen|NunwithaGun:##** we do just a lil bit of trolling

**##purple|lesbian_gengar:##** ok fair it is sorta funny.

**##purple|lesbian_gengar:##** still a bit dickish imo, sabotaging paid commissions.

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** ye but this is senor hugh the nft fanboy were talking about

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** its like those monkes are his muse or smthn

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** and his commissions go for what, 50 dollars a pop?

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** what sorta dumbass goes for a 50 dollar advertisement? lmao

---

«END LOG»

---

---

«BEGIN LOG»

---

**##blue|big_floppo:##** i'm not a furry but having a fursona would actually be great

**##purple|lesbian_gengar:##** lol

**dado:** hello friends who not liking the weed

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** ??

**##blue|big_floppo:##** wtf

**##purple|lesbian_gengar:##** **##grey|@bones##**

**dado** was kicked by **##grey|bones##**. 

 **##purple|lesbian_gengar:##** thanks, bones

**##blue|big_floppo:##** what do you even call bird furries? birdies? 

**dado:** hello one more time yes dado come in peace, anti weed gamer friends

**##orange|teemo:##** idk lol

**dado** was banned by **##grey|bones##**. 

**##grey|bones:##** I've deleted all invites for now. Sorry for the inconvenience.

**##orange|teemo:##** would it be called a birdsona instead then?

**##orange|teemo:##** o7

**##blue|big_floppo:##** o7

 **##red|le_binganimus:##** o7

**dado:** dado is here to looking fora gamer 

**dado:** u can trust dado yes

 **##red|le_binganimus:##** what do people call reptile furries then

 **##purple|lesbian_gengar:##** how the fuck.

**##blue|big_floppo:##** scalies

 **##purple|lesbian_gengar:##** there aren't even any invites anymore how are you here.

**dado:** no invitation is not problem for dado

**dado:** dado promises to leave after business finish

**##orange|teemo:##** pray tell, ##blue|**@big_floppo**##, how do you know that?

 **##purple|lesbian_gengar:##** who are you looking for.

**##blue|big_floppo:##** i plead the fifth

**##blue|big_floppo:##** did you know that by technicality all bird furries are also scalies

**dado:** dado has no names but dado knows gamer added funny to dado fifty dollar commission

 **##purple|lesbian_gengar:##** **##forestgreen|@also_alia##** what did i tell you.

 **##red|le_binganimus:##** ##blue|**@big_floppo**## no. stop that

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** bruh

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** **@dado** ok look, im sorry, ill reimburse you 

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** dm me your bank number, crypto wallet id, whatevs and ill send over the money

**dado:** dado does not accept funny money, dado is serious businessman

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** im paying you in usd??

**dado:** dado said what dado said

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** what

**##orange|teemo:##** usd funny money lmao

**##red|le_binganimus:##** usd funnies

**dado:** donot worry alia gamer, dado is not angry but more impres by quality, dado considers alia gamer funny as fine improvement yes

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** thanks??

**dado:** dado was not have high expectation for mister r we cool hugh, he draw dado not detail or accurate enough dado thinks

**dado:** is not easy to find the fine artist yes?

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** so what do you want from me

**dado:** dado would like discuss for working with alia artist gamer to make new commission

 **##red|le_binganimus:##** gamer moment

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** i mean, sure i can make smthn for you

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** its the least i could do

**dado:** very nice alia gamer 

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** whatre you gonna do with the old commission tho

**dado:** dado does not want old commission so dado has sent it to alia gamer for they to decide what do for they self

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** oh lol i know what to do with this

**##forestgreen|also_alia:##** so what's the job **@dado**?

**dado:** before dado continue with detail of commission dado will make chat secure yes?

---

«END LOG»

---

**Note:** Webcrawler present in the chat room during the above exchange was forcibly ejected despite there being no indication of detection by GoI-5869, with the following error message.

> **Error {{420 (new gamer friend tell dado to put the four twenty)}}:** dado latest product not for es see pee eyes yet pls be the patient

 Attempts to access the aforementioned chat room have failed thus far.

**Addendum 4214.02: Discovery**

SCP-4214 was recovered from a gift-wrapped box mailed to Site-39. The contents of the box included a non-anomalous USB drive containing SCP-4214, as well as a non-anomalous loudspeaker that played audio of the entire 2007 Bee Movie in its entirety on loop when opened.

<details>
<summary>+ Open Testing Log 4214.01</summary>

---

«BEGIN LOG»

---

*[D-24601 sits in front of a monitor in a testing chamber. Dr. Carter oversees the test from the adjacent control room.]*

**CARTER:** For this one, we just need you to look at the image on the monitor and describe it as best you can. 

**D-24601:** Sure thing.

*[SCP-4214 is displayed on the monitor.]*

**D-24601:** Huh. Funky-looking art. Looks like a jibbly keggle to me.

**CARTER:** Could y-- 

*[Dr. Carter stares at D-24601 through the observation window. He is visibly confused.]*

**CARTER:** Sorry, come again?

**D-24601:** A jibbly keggle, you know? Like uh, a scrimblo bimblo, a shbabbly shwobbly, uh... Perhaps a lorex unnu?

**CARTER:** D-24601, please take this seriously. Once again, please describe SCP-4214.

**D-24601:** But I have! It's a baba booey holding a small twiggo pinga. The iccum boccum really brings it all together, if I may add. The guncrow wiggowienny looks sorta wonky, though.

*[Dr. Carter continues to stare at D-24601. He pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs.]*

**CARTER:** Alright. I think I understand what's going on here. Thank you for your cooperation, D-24601.

---

«END LOG»

---

</details>

**Addendum 4214.03: Update 20/05/2021**

Following their voluntary exposure to SCP-4214, a non-anomalous portrayal of the image has been created by D-24601, as attached below.

<details>
<summary>+ Open Attachment 4214.jpg</summary>

</details>

@@ @@

<< [SCP-4213](SCP-4213) | SCP-4214| [SCP-4215](SCP-4215) >>

> **Filename:** buff-dado.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-4214/buff-dado.png)
