**Article:** SCP-4914 (*Gamer Against Weeds*)

**Author:** 

**Thanks to:** 

 for making sure this was GAW-y

 for being awesome and giving crit

 for helping with sentence flow and wording

Wacky GAW *meme*ber gets down in the chat with DOOM. Prepare for shenanigans.

[More from this author](mrpines-author-page)

**Item #:** SCP-4914

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation webcrawlers have confirmed that the only copy of SCP-4914 is in Foundation custody and the hard drive containing it is to be stored in a standard anomalous items locker. Testing of SCP-4914 is permitted by researchers level 1 or higher. These tests are only to be done on remote systems lacking internet access. 

The internet activity of SCP-4914's creator Real name: Carter Wick, online alias: 'Takeovermetal'  is to be monitored for further anomalous incidents.

**Description:** SCP-4914 is a modified digital copy of the video game Doom, originally released in 1993 by id Software. Unlike standard versions of Doom, SCP-4914 is 468 megabytes in size and functions from a single executable file. Upon running SCP-4914, it functions as a standard copy of Doom. 

SCP-4914-1 are anomalous growths of *Digitaria sanguinalis*, a species of grass commonly referred to as crabgrass. SCP-4914-1 grows directly on the motherboard of the computer SCP-4914 is run on. This growth occurs 16 hours after SCP-4914 is executed. During its growth cycle, SCP-4914-1 uses high amounts of computer processing power from any available components. Central processing unit, graphics processing unit, and RAM.  SCP-4914-1 is capable of regrowing to full maturity within 5 minutes if it is removed by any means other than the use of vinegar.

To date, no other alternately modified copies have been recovered.

**Addendum 4914/1:** SCP-4914 was originally discovered after its online posting by known members of GoI '[Gamers Against Weed](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/gamers-against-weed-hub).' The following are chat logs documenting SCP-4914's creation and initial distribution.

<details>
<summary>▼ Access Chat Logs / Excerpt 1 ▼</summary>

> **Bingledorf:** but yeah, my cat is awesome

> = **Takeovermetal has joined.**

> **liquid_water:** @Takeovermetal who the hell are you?

> **lucy:** @Bingledorf send more pics when u can

> **Takeovermetal:** Just another fuckin loser like you @liquid_water

> **rocknrow:** lmao

> **rocknrow:** so what brings you here, guy

> **liquid_water:** lol thats fair

> **Takeovermetal:** @rocknrow Heard about you all, and thought I'd stop by to see what kinda crazy shenanigans occur here

> **Takeovermetal:** So do you guys like doom?

> **rocknrow:** like the game?

> **Takeovermetal:** Yeah

> **rocknrow:** i fuckin love it, why?

> **Takeovermetal:** I like to mod doom from time to time

> **rocknrow:** oh shit can i see some of your stuff?

> **Takeovermetal:** Yeah, hold on

> = **Takeovermetal uploaded file doom2irl.exe 48mb ⬇**

> **rocknrow:** exe and not a wad?

> **liquid_water:** 48 megabytes wtf

> **Takeovermetal:** Exes are easier to uh

> **Takeovermetal:** You know, magically fuck with

> **rocknrow:** are they? huh

> **Takeovermetal:** Yeah, everything's packed into it

> **rocknrow:** this is built on gzdoom right (edited)

> **Takeovermetal:** Yeah. @liquid_water It's that big for a reason

> **lucy:** lol isnt doom that game about killing demons and shit

> **Takeovermetal:** It's a really good game

> **Takeovermetal:** Pretty much kickstarted the FPS genre

> **lucy:** owo

> **rocknrow:** checking this out right now

> **liquid_water:** @Takeovermtal wtf this is so good

> **liquid_water:** @Takeovermetal

> **liquid_water:** you said you make these for fun?

> **Takeovermetal:** In my free time, yeah

> **Takeovermetal:** I've got other non-anomalous ones too

> **liquid_water:** sick shit takeoutmeal

> **liquid_water:** someone get this man a gamer role

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>▼ Access Chat Logs / Excerpt 2 ▼</summary>

> **Takeovermetal:** What the fuck is up

> **Takeovermetal:** New mod if you guys wanna play

> **rocknrow:** @Takeovermetal lets see it

> = **Takeovermetal uploaded file doomIN4D.exe 104mb ⬇**

> **liquid_water:** >104

> **liquid_water:** this better be good

> **Bingledorf:** @lucy aaaaaaaa

> **Bingledorf:** @Takeovermetal also I looked at your first mod and its pretty good

> **Takeovermetal:** Thanks

> **Takeovermetal:** Also I'm gonna need you guys to give me ideas

> **Takeovermetal:** Because they don't just appear

> **liquid_water:** doom but you shit yourself when you die

> **Takeovermetal:** I'll have to playtest it on the shitter (edited)

> **rocknrow:** aw damn, new mod

> **Takeovermetal:** Spent a bit longer on this one

> **rocknrow:** what does '4D' imply?

> **Takeovermetal:** You can smell the game

> **Takeovermetal:** And like, other senses

> **lucy:** that sounds weird and awesome

> **lucy:** also @Bingledorf a

> **bones:** @Takeovermetal If you're going to do that one, please give a warning when posting it.

> **Takeovermetal:** Of course, I'm not that much of a dick

> **bones:** Thank you.

> **lucy:** rate my dinner

> **lucy:** [avn.uploads.sh/IMG_20181107_221412.jpg](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-4914/IMG_20181107_221412.jpg)

> **liquid_water:** what the hell is that

> **Takeovermetal:** Anyway, I'll be gone a day for a special project I'm doing

> **lucy:** im hungry and thats all we had

> **rocknrow:** 👀

> **Takeovermetal:** Soon...

> **coffee_hawks:** @Bingledorf have you finished that thing?

> **Bingledorf:** give me uhhhhhhhhhhh

> **Bingledorf:** another couple days

> **Bingledorf:** im still trying to figure this out

> **coffee_hawks:** no worries

> **rocknrow:** @Takeovermetal playing that 4d thing

> **rocknrow:** pretty wild my dude

> **rocknrow:** ping me when you finish your next mod

> **Takeovermetal:** Sure thing

> **coffee_hawks:** also, good work on the doom mods

> **Takeovermetal:** Thanks

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>▼ Access Chat Logs / Excerpt 3 ▼</summary>

> **Takeovermetal:** @rocknrow It's done

> **Takeovermetal:** Sorry, it took 2 days not 1

> **rocknrow:** so whats this one

> **Takeovermetal:** I'll post it but I want more people to see it

> **rocknrow:** hold on

> **rocknrow:** @Bingledorf @lucy @liquid_water @coffee_hawks @AnnoyingDog @Fishtruck

> **rocknrow:** get the hell in here and play this guys mod

> **lucy:** owo

> **Bingledorf:** lets go

> **AnnoyingDog:** I like doom

> **coffee_hawks:** me too

> **coffee_hawks:** now post it

> **Takeovermetal:** Give it a minute

> = **Takeovermetal uploaded file doomdigitaria.exe 486mb ⬇**

> **Fishtruck:** That's a bit big for a Doom mod don't you think?

> **rocknrow:** >implying he didnt magic the hell out of it

> **Fishtruck:** Oh.

> **Takeovermetal:** Play it and tell me what you guys think (edited)

> 

> 

> ,,NEW MESSAGES,,

> 

> 

> ~~-~~

> 

>

> **rocknrow:** @Takeovermetal uhhhhh

> **Takeovermetal:** What?

> **Bingledorf:** this is just regular doom

> **Takeovermetal:** Are you serious

> **Takeovermetal:** Wtf

> **Fishtruck:** Yeah, it's regular for me too.

> **rocknrow:** is this part of it?

> **rocknrow:** or did you actually fuck up

> **Takeovermetal:** Give me another day

> **coffee_hawks:** well at least its doom

> **coffee_hawks:** something to kill time with

> @@ @@

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>▼ Access PM Logs / Excerpt 1 ▼</summary>

> **rocknrow:** am i missing something, or did you really just mess it up

> **Takeovermetal:** No, I fucked it up

> **Takeovermetal:** I'll fix it, just give me another day

> **rocknrow:** alright, sounds good

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>▼ Access Chat Logs / Excerpt 4 ▼</summary>

> **lucy:** hey uh

> **lucy:** idk how to say this but

> **lucy:** theres a fucking weed growing in my pc

> **rocknrow:** duuude weed bro??

> **lucy:** no im actually fuckign serious

> **lucy:** like the uh

> **lucy:** garden weeds

> **rocknrow:** wait what the fuck

> **lucy:** yeah its really weird

> **lucy:** like, my pc started to run really slow

> **lucy:** andso i opened it up because i thought it was dusty

> **Fishtruck:** Is it just a weed in your PC?

> **Fishtruck:** That seems like a lame prank.

> **Bingledorf:** Does that even count as a prank

> **rocknrow:** @lucy thanks for reminding me about dirty pcs

> **rocknrow:** i havent cleaned mine in a while

> **lucy:** wtf its not even just placed inside the case

> **lucy:** its ATTATCHED to my pc bits

> **AnnoyingDog:** Do you guys know of any good antivirus programs?

> **AnnoyingDog:** My PC has been acting up

> **Bingledorf:** How so?

> **rocknrow:** you guys wont believe this

> **AnnoyingDog:** Its been really slow

> **AnnoyingDog:** My fans have been on like all day

> **Bingledorf:** @rocknrow ?

> **rocknrow:** god dammit the image wont upload

> **rocknrow:** but uh theres weeds inside my pc

> **rocknrow:** connected to the motherboard

> **lucy:** dude wtf

> **AnnoyingDog:** Now you guys have me all paranoid

> **rocknrow:** if it happened to us, it wouldnt hurt to check

> **coffee_hawks:** hey guys

> **rocknrow:** hawks open your pc case for me

> **coffee_hawks:** why?

> **AnnoyingDog:** Noooo

> **rocknrow:** just do it i need to make sure

> **coffee_hawks:** is this a prank?

> **rocknrow:** not from me, but apparently yes

> **AnnoyingDog:** I just took a big risk and pulled the weeds

> **rocknrow:** yeah thats how you get rid of weeds

> **lucy:** i yanked the weeds a bit ago

> **rocknrow:** okay good, im doing the same

> **lucy:** no like

> **lucy:** it didnt work

> **rocknrow:** you couldnt pull them out?

> **lucy:** theyre regrowing right now

> **lucy:** hholy shi

> **lucy:** my pc is runnning like as

> **rocknrow:** what the hell

> **lucy:** i think its fine now

> **lucy:** i think its fine now

> **lucy:** nvm it doubleposted

> **rocknrow:** wait so if we all have this what do we have in common that caused it

> **lucy:** uhhhhhhhh

> **Bingledorf:** on my pc now

> **lucy:** ur on a laptop right

> **Bingledorf:** yes

> **Bingledorf:** there are weeds sticking out of the vent

> **lucy:** maybe it was a file we downloaded

> **liquid_water:** yeah because a virus can make plants grow in your pc

> **lucy:** do u even know where the fuck u are rn

> **liquid_water:** hey losers who wants to play a game with me

> **rocknrow:** liquid check your pc case

> **liquid_water:** i have a laptop

> **rocknrow:** ok but you know what i mean

> **liquid_water:** hmmmm nah

> **liquid_water:** someone tell me what ive missed because im not scrolling up

> **Bingledorf:** just peek inside your damn laptop vent

> **liquid_water:** wow theres something inside 

> **liquid_water:** dude no way theres METAL

> **liquid_water:** and darkness

> **liquid_water:** wait wtf

> **rocknrow:** yeah

> **coffee_hawks:** this couldn't be from takeovermetal could it?

> **Bingledorf:** no his thing didnt work remember

> **lucy:** what if it fucking did

> **rocknrow:** oh youre kidding

> **rocknrow:** @Takeovermetal

> **liquid_water:** this is actually bs

> **liquid_water:** i just woke up

> **liquid_water:** and my pc is a god damn garden

> **lucy:** howd o i FIX THIS

> **Takeovermetal:** You guys ever deweeded a garden before? lol

> **lucy:** @Takeovermetal @Takeovermetal @Takeovermetal @Takeovermetal @Takeovermetal @Takeovermetal @Takeovermetal @Takeovermetal v

> **lucy:** oh u piece of shit

> **bones:** Do not spam pings at people.

> **lucy:** no you dont understand

> **lucy:** this fucker gavemy pc weeds

> **bones:** That's no excuse to pester him.

> **rocknrow:** i think the fuck not

> **rocknrow:** damn near ruined my pc

> **bones:** @Takeovermetal can you please explain why everyone is blaming you for causing plants to grow inside their computers?

> **rocknrow:** seriously what the hell

> **Takeovermetal:** It's a joke man, calm down

> **bones:** It doesn't seem like much of a joke to me.

> **Takeovermetal:** Oh come on, its kinda funny

> **liquid_water:** god dammit man

> **liquid_water:** you fucking come in here with your damn fancy doom mods

> **liquid_water:** god damn ruin my pc

> **liquid_water:** @bone

> **liquid_water:** fuck

> **liquid_water:** @bones

> **liquid_water:** please for the love of god

> **bones:** So these weeds can be removed like regular weeds?

> **Takeovermetal:** Yeah

> **Takeovermetal:** I got you guys good, but I'm not gonna ENTIRELY fuck you over

> **bones:** It's one thing to have fun, but this is unacceptable behavior.

> **Takeovermetal:** Wait i havent even explained the best part lol

> = **Takeovermetal has left. [Banned by bones].**

> **liquid_water:** OOF

> **rocknrow:** thats not perma is it?

> **bones:** Two week ban and a monthlong file upload/link revocation.

> **liquid_water:** lmao rip

> **rocknrow:** the least he could have done was make it grow actual WEED

</details>

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-4913](SCP-4913) | SCP-4914 | [SCP-4915](SCP-4915) >>
