[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=djkaktus[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/djkaktus[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments=

= **SCP-4595** - *WITCH*

]]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** For safety purposes, no personnel are permitted to enter SCP-4595. SCP-4595 should only be entered by authorized testing personnel under the supervision of the SCP-4595 research lead. Under no circumstances is SCP-4595-A to be disturbed in any way.

**Description:** SCP-4595 is a small room in a woodshed behind an abandoned house near Jasper, Indiana. The room contains a single wooden bench and, at the time of discovery, a small shovelThe end of the shovel appears bloodstained, though no genetic material can be pulled from the discoloration. and the skeleton of an adolescent human male. The ground next to the skeleton appears to have been scorched at some time in the past. The exterior of the door is marked with the word "WITCH" written in charcoal.

SCP-4595-A is a twisted humanoid figure located 1m underground below SCP-4595. Ground penetrating radar testing of the site indicates that the figure, vaguely feminine in appearance, has several large wounds to its face, chest and neck. Despite the apparent age of the site based on circumstantial evidence, SCP-4595-A does not appear to have decomposed in the time since it was buried.

Any individual who enters SCP-4595 and remains within the room will eventually begin to experience a feeling of being watched, followed shortly by an itching on the skin. Many subjects who are exposed to SCP-4595 for an extended period of time will eventually attempt to violently scratch themselves in order to alleviate their discomfort.

Any individual who disturbs SCP-4595-A in any way invariably experiences a phenomenon in which any empty space within their chest cavity, as well as their lungs, airways, stomach and intestine, will fill with desert locusts*Schistocerca gregaria*.. These locusts will continue to spawn within the subject's body until the subject expires. Any locusts that manage to exit SCP-4595 will disappear into vapor as soon as they cross the threshold of the doorway.

<< [SCP-4594](SCP-4594) | SCP-4595 | [SCP-4596](SCP-4596) >>

=====

> **Filename:** door.jpg

> **Name:** In A Scary Place (II) (24409755697).jpg

> **Author:** Andreas Manessinger

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](http://commons.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:in_A_Scary_Place_(II)_(24409755697).jpg)

=====
