]

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Share+Tech+Mono&display=swap');

div.info-container > div.collapsible-block {

    padding: 0 !important;

    margin: 0 !important;

    box-shadow: none !important;

}

.center {

  margin-left: auto;

  margin-right: auto;

}

.type1 {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: 'Share Tech Mono', monospace;

    font-style: normal;

    font-size: 120%;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.type1-background {

    content: "";

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background: url(http://firedawnfolder.wikidot.com/local--files/designated-successor/adminseal.jpg);

    background-size: 100%;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

}

.  

@@ @@

**Image Credit:** See comments.

]]

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned MTF**

Site-01 

The Administrator

O5-12

 Alpha-1 ("The Red Right Hand")

>

---

###### ****Special Containment Procedures****

Until the full scope and breadth of the SCP-4273 event has been ascertained, containment procedures are focused on managing the anticipated global fallout. 

Alexandra.aic is tasked with coordinating global relief efforts via surviving UN officials as well as the surviving cabinet-level officials in the signatory nations of the Foundation Charter. Safeguard restrictions placed upon the Foundation monetary accounts have been lifted in order to ensure that the global economic systems remain functional. 

Internal asset projections assert that despite heavy Foundation asset expenditures, the global market will begin total systemic collapse in fourteen weeks. It is imperative that the Foundation continues to function despite global failure, and various contingency plans are being devised in order to facilitate survival of the core Foundation infrastructure in the event of a full Breach-Of-Veil scenario.

As of 22 February 2020, all Foundation military assets have been ordered to stand at DEFCON 3 and begin mobilization to defend the primary Sites as designated in the Foundation Charter. Deepwell Catalogues 02, 08, and 13 have been evacuated and sealed in anticipation of further SCP-4273 events.

###### ****Description****

SCP-4273 is the designation given to an ongoing and coordinated series of events that has already lead to the assassination and/or capture of a significant number of Heads of State and the destabilization of their associated nations. Additionally, the SCP-4273 events have also been successful in neutralizing or destabilizing the power structure of several anomalous Groups of Interest, as well as impacting Overwatch Command itself.

 _

### **Attached Addenda**

###### **Discovery**

On 25 August 2019, the Foundation became aware of the [assassination of PoI-0882b ("Robert Bumaro")](http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-2834), the leader of GoI-004 ("The Church of the Broken God"). This proved to be the first of a series of planned and executed attacks that succeeded in neutralizing the Secretary General of the UN, all of the Special Envoys to the UN Security Council, and the heads of state for many of the signatory nations to the Foundation Charter. 

While this was sufficient to cause significant upheaval in the global balance of power, reports have also surfaced that these events were not limited to affecting established mundane governments. There are unconfirmed reports that the SCP-4273 events have also lead to the disappearance or assassination of PoI-0007-A ("Under-Secretary General D.C. al Fine, Global Occult Coalition"), PoI-0093 ("Senior Partner Skitter Marshall; Marshall, Carter, & Dark, LLP"), as well as the Delta Command of GoI-0002 ("The Chaos Insurgency").

Additionally, the statuses of O5-03, O5-05, O5-06, O5-09, and O5-10 are currently unknown. 

###### **Event Overview**

**SCP-4273-1** - 

On 05 August, 2019 a combined assault force made up of an aerospace assault wing provided by the GoI-004 offshoot sect "The Mekhanics" provided aerospace cover for an assault on the GoI-004 "Citadel". This smaller insertion team was able to infiltrate the facility, and in so doing were able to neutralize an unknown number of GoI-004 members, including PoI-0882b.For further details on this event, see [SCP-2834](http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-2834)

**SCP-4273-2** - 

On 09 August, 2019, the Under-Secretary General of the United Nations in charge of heading up the Global Occult Coalition failed to turn up at a previously-designated meeting. [While the details of PoI-0007-A's disappearance](http://scpwiki.com/exierunt) are currently unavailable, she has been catalogued as missing and presumed dead. 

**SCP-4273-3** - 	

On 13 August, 2019, the Foundation asset assigned to observe PoI-0093 ("Skitter Marshall") reported that their target was the subject of a violent abduction, presumably by agents acting in the employ of GoI-0432 ("The Hunter's Black Lodge"). While PoI-0093's whereabouts are currently unknown, they are presumed to still be alive due to the nature of both PoI-0093's bodily enhancements and their access value to MC&D's anomalous catalogue.

**SCP-4273-4** -  	

On 14 August, 2019 MTF received a series of high-priority Alpha reports involving GoI-002 ("The Chaos Insurgency"). In response, Overwatch Command issued the following general recall of all Foundation assets assigned to GoI-002.

**SCPF Internal Alert**

**14 August, 2019 -** 

Be advised, any MTF or Research Agents involved in ongoing investigations into GoI-002 are to report immediately to your designated HMCL Supervisors or official handlers. 

All GoI-002 tasked HMCL Supervisors are to provide an official tally of remaining SCPF assets tasked to GoI-002 observation to Overwatch Command by 09:00 on 16 August, 2019. The situation is evolving, but MTF Command has received numerous reports of multiple mass-casualty events targeting GoI-002 cells. Information regarding the instigation of these events is scarce, though field agents should immediately assume biological contamination and avoid interfacing directly with SCPF staff. 

All recently deployed field staff are to be immediately quarantined until further notice.

Joel Burgenstein

Director, Department of GoI Threat Analysis

**SCP-4273-5** - 	

On 16 September, 2019 a biological attack at the UN Building in New York City, NY succeeded in neutralizing the Secretary General & all Special Envoys to the UN Security Council.For further details on this event, see [SCP-5509](http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-5509)

**SCP-4273-6** -

While initially considered a single event, SCP-4273-6 designates a series of attacks and incidents on high-value Mundane targets that occurred from 16 September, 2019 through 12 October, 2019. Despite the extensive security apparatus surrounding these targets, these attacks were largely successful.

The current list of high-value assets that are listed as missing or neutralized include the President & Vice President of the United States; the Prime Ministers of the United Kingdom, France, Canada, Japan, & India; the Chancellor of Germany, the Presidents of the Russian Federation, Israel, & South Korea; as well as the Premier of The People's Republic of China. 

While several of these targets were killed during the SCP-5509-5 event, the majority of the targets were eliminated in their countries of origin and signify a vast, multi-pronged, and coordinated effort to effectively hobble any sort of joint response the international community could make. 

All affected nation-states have raised their internal alert levels to DEFCON 2 or equivalent, though the international military situation has been stabilized by the ongoing efforts of Foundation Overwatch Command and the Office of The Administrator. The plurality of targets, including many of those in leadership of traditional adversaries, has ruled out any of the usual rivalries, and Foundation assets have been able to maintain a tense diplomatic equilibrium for the time being.

**SCP-4273-7** -

The following has been designated L06-Eyes Only, and is viewable only with express permission from the Office of the Administrator.

<details>
<summary>■ 4273.doc.01 - SCPF Internal Transcript ■</summary>

**Date:**  21 February, 2020 22:03

**Chairperson:** The Administrator

**Attendees:** O5-01; O5-02 (Virtual); O5-04 (Virtual);  O5-07; O5-08 (Virtual); O5-11; O5-12 (Virtual); O5-13 (Virtual); Jonathon DeCroix, Director, Ethics Committee (Virtual); Michelle M. Franks, Esq., Director, Office of the General Counsel; Dr. John Freemont, Director, Foundation Inter-Governmental Affairs; Dr. Judith Low, Director, *Kelipat Nogah* Initiative (Virtual).

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**The Administrator:** I want to start by thanking you all for attending on such short notice and so late at night. We have a lot to go over tonight, and so I'll be brief. The Foundation has failed. Despite the efforts of Dr. Low and her team, it has become readily apparent that we ignored the Sarkic threat for far too long. We are on the cusp of a major CK-Class Restructuring Scenario, one that could have, should have been prevented if not for the unwillingness of some of our body to see the obvious.

*[A heavy sigh can be heard from the Administrator, as well as the rustling of those in attendance]*

**The Administrator:** I'll not waste time pointing the finger and assigning blame. Instead, I urge you all to work together to move forward. Assembled here are some of the most capable minds on the planet, and together we will find a way through this. Twelve? Please proceed.

**O5-12:** Thank you, sir. By now you all should have received a brief on the most recent data available regarding the SCP-4273 event. What isn't included in that brief is the status of certain members of Overwatch Command. Earlier this evening, Xi-8 operatives were able to receive confirmation that Three, Five, Six, and Ten have been neutralized. 

*[Sounds of exclamation and a few muttered expletives can be heard]* 

**O5-08:** Your data must be flawed. There's no way they could get to any of *us.* And four of us? The delusion of this so-called "Sarkic Threat" of yours has gone too-

**O5-12:** Three was shot in the head as se was boarding a Foundation-chartered flight out of Kuala Lumpur, here's a photo of ser corpse. Five was crushed along with his armored transport vehicle, all 4 members of his security detail, and his driver when he was transiting from Site 28 to one of our Administrative hubs in New York City; here's *that* picture. Six was found dead in his off-site apartment with half of his stomach hanging out of his mouth. I've got that picture too if you want it, but preliminary autopsy report states that he was *conscious* when he started regurgitating his intestines, so it's not a pretty sight. And Ten? She went missing from a Foundation Safe House in Munich after pleading on the phone with MTF Command to send a rescue mission. You want that recording too? Doesn't matter, because three hours later we were sent *this* via a scrambled secure link. One of OUR scrambled secured links, I might add.

*[The sound of something being dropped onto the table can be heard, followed by sounds of disgust from several others on the call.]*

**O5-01:** And Nine? She's not on your list and she should be here.

**O5-12:** Officially? She's been classified as "missing", but the reality is is that she's almost certainly dead. While my agents have been unable to confirm her status, the destruction of Site-31 was absolute. She was registered as being in the facility conducting an internal audit of Site-31's security systems when the on-site nuclear device was detonated. Alexandra.aic has completed her assessment of the situation, and she returned a 99.02% certainty that this event was triggered by outside and unknown sources.

**O5-13:** That should not be possible. I created the protocol for that myself, and all were operating within .02% of optimal at last status update; well within designated fail safe parameters.

**O5-12:** That may be so, but our working theory is that Nine herself had been compromised some time ago. Doctor Low?

**Dr. Low:** *[clearing her throat]* Yes. In May of 2007, Nine was still a researcher working in Biological Containment. She was working closely with a Doctor Reese Harrington, who we now believe to be [Lucien Detoit, or PoI-3862](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3862). It is unclear how Dutoit was able to gain access to the Biological Containment facilities, or how he was able to ascertain that Nine was being considered for Overwatch. Regardless, we think that Nine was somehow contaminated by a variant of the 3862 virus.

**O5-08:** That should have been easily detectable. Working in that facility requires daily scans, any change in her physiology would have been noted. If not then, the sensors here are the best in the goddamn world. No, it's just not possible.

**O5-12:** Oh shut the fuck up, Eight. How much goddamn proof must you see before you take your miserable head out of your fucking ass? We just got hammered out there. Someone just showed us that our vaunted Internal Security services, *your* vaunted Internal Security services, are so full of holes it might as well be a bunch of fucking origami tigers. Your failure is so utterly catastrophic that five of us are *dead*, along with several dozen world leaders. Not to mention that we've got a pile of smoking rubble where the UN Secretariat used to be that is so contaminated that clean up crews can't even get *near* it. Your inability to see the shit when it's staring you in the face would be laughable if it wasn't so criminally-

**The Administrator:** That's enough, Twelve; Eight, you are dismissed. Don't bother gathering your things, your Overwatch credentials have already been revoked, and your security detail has been instructed to put you on a plane for the Decommissioning Site as soon as you hang up. Before this call is over, you won't remember your name, much less care about all your fancy toys.

*[There is silence for several moments before someone clears their throat.]*

**O5-01:** Uh, yes. Despite that, Eight did have a point. There just isn't any way that Nine could have been contaminated and not triggered some sort of internal alarm.

**Dr. Low:** Forgive me, sir, I must disagree. The 3862 virus has proven to be highly versatile, and Dutoit has shown to be quite adept at adjusting it to a variety of needs. It was a major component of the [http:*www.scp-wiki.net/scp-5407 нектар drug], as well as the primary factor in the [http:*www.scpwiki.com/scp-5509 5509 contagion]. The adaptability of the 3862 virus is well documented, I have no doubt that there are many strains we simply have no way to scan for. 

**O5-01:** But that could mean-

**The Administrator:** We all know what that could mean, One. That's not the purpose of this meeting, however. Doctor, please continue.

**Dr. Low:** Thank you. I'm sure all of you have had a chance to look over the latest briefs from *Kelipat Nogah*, so I'll not go into too much detail. To summarize, we've known for a while that the goal of most, if not all, of the Sarkic Cults has been to somehow resurrect Grand Karcist Ion. Up until now, we believed that the diaspora and the scattered nature of the Cults prevented any such thing from ever happening. We never truly contemplated that there could be any [unifying force](http://www.scpwiki.com/unbearable-hope) behind the Cults, or that any such force could continue to exist after literally millennia since the fall of Adytum and the Kalmaktama Empire. 

*[She pauses and the sound of rustling paper can be heard.]*

**Dr. Low:** The truth of the matter? We've never been able to account for all of the Klavigar. [Orok](http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-2408) has always been the only one we've ever been able to conclusively point to, and even then, we've never been able to accurately trace his footsteps. We have some guesses as to where Lovataar is, but we have no idea where Saarn, or Nadox could have been hiding all these years.

**O5-01:** Surely they can't still be alive. The War of the Flesh was what, three thousand years ago?

**Dr. Low:** Bumaro was alive until [http:*www.scpwiki.com/scp-2834 last year], and all of our research has proven that Karcists can achieve a form of biological immortality. To assume that such a feat is impossible for a *Klavigar// would be naive in the extreme. No, I assure you that they are out there. The breadth and scope of the Sarkic threat is such that there can be no doubt that they are, and they've been pulling the strings for a long time.

**O5-12:** The reality, I'm afraid, is that they've had centuries to plan and prepare for all of this, and we have been too far behind the ball in this that we're not even playing catch-up anymore. I don't think we have much choice at this point but to declare a CK-Class scenario and initiate Protocol Scarlet.

**Dr. Freemont:** Excuse me, Overseer. I'm not certain that trying to force the Chartered Nations to give up control of their Armed Forces is a good idea right now. The international political situation is tenuous at best right now. All of the major signatory nations are experiencing massive political upheaval, and most of the people that are even capable of making the decisions necessary to implement Protocol Scarlet are dead or missing. Each of the signatory Heads of State must agree to the Protocol to even make it happen. It's not like the necessary generals and whatnot will just volunteer to serve our cause.

**Franks, Esq:** Not if the Administrator invokes Article Two, Section One.

**O5-07:** Section One has never been used, Michelle. It's only a part of the Charter because-

*[She cuts off mid-sentence, and there is a moment of silence on the line.]*

**The Administrator:** It's a part of the Charter because I insisted that it be a part of the Charter. I would never have agreed to head up this organization if it wasn't, and both President Roosevelt and Lord Salisbury knew it. While I agree that Protocol Scarlet may be our best option right now, I want to see if we can go through normal diplomatic channels first. Dr. Freemont-

[END LOG]

---

**Afterword:** 

*The remainder of the transcript of this meeting has been omitted for brevity. A full transcript of this meeting, along with the mentioned briefs and reports is available upon requests to approved SCPF Personnel.*

</details>

---

**SCP-4273-8 -**

Initially believed to be an isolated incident, *ex post facto* investigation by *Kelipat Nogah* operatives has concluded that the theft and use of [SCP-3911-1](http://www.scpwiki.com/scp-3911) should be included as the eighth and final SCP-4273 iteration.

<details>
<summary>■ 4273.doc.03 - Area 02 Security Feed Transcript ■</summary>

**Date:** 22 February 2020 

**Location:** Armed Reliquary and Containment Area-02

**Foreword:** 

*The following is a partial timeline of events that transpired over the course of several hours and pieced together by Foundation Investigators. A full timeline is available to* Kelipat Nogah *personnel and other relevant parties upon request.*

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Timestamp 02:39** Ext.Cam.08, Main access road -

*[A column of closely-packed armored vehicles can be seen approaching at a high rate of speed, led by large humanoid figure on foot. As the video progresses, the humanoid figure begins to shift and transform before growing in size to approximately equal to a semi-trailer truck. The figure continues to pick up speed as it nears the perimeter fencing and guard post.* 

*The figure elongates and transforms further, with its head and upper torso disappearing behind a heavy bone carapace and parietosquamosal frill.A neck frill made primarily of bone and hardened tissue, rising back from the base of the skull. See *Triceratops horridus*. It then impacts the metal and cement security barricade at the primary Area-02 entrance, demolishing it completely. The figure appears to stumble further into the compound before carrying on into the front facade of the building, ignoring a continuous fusillade from the exterior gun emplacements.*

*The armored convoy follows the behemoth into the compound where they return fire with roof-mounted heavy machine guns, quickly disabling or destroying the external point defense emplacements.]*

**Timestamp 02:46** Int.Cam.09, Entrance Atrium -

*[The behemoth crashes through the armored entrance gate, creating a sizable hole in the external facade of the building. The behemoth's carapace shows significant damage, and a dark fluid can be seen streaming from several gaping wounds in the creature's sides and flanks.*

*The creature stumbles into the middle of the atrium before collapsing, quickly disintegrating into a thick slurry, pooling across the floor. Moments later, the Biological Contamination alarm triggers, causing the video feed to strobe with red and white visual indicators as the Area personnel remaining in the Atrium all begin to collapse and writhe along the floor.* 

*The front convoy vehicle enters the building and slides to a halt before discharging several black-armored figures and a tall, heavily-disfigured entity. The entity, designated PoI-0432/Halyna,Later identified as Karcist Halyna Ieva makes a small gesture above the spreading pool, and the entire surface ripples in response. The afflicted Area personnel stop writhing on the floor and drag themselves to their feet and begin shuffling towards the access doors to the remainder of the facility.*

*A tall figure swathed in a tattered and stained funereal shroud,PoI-0432/Naman, Karcist *Naman da ke Tsatsa* a powerfully-built Asian man in tactical gear,PoI-0432/Ban, Karcist Ban Yongsun and a slight Indo-European man in a slate-colored suitPoI-0432/Dutoit, Karcist Lucien Dutoit join PoI-0432/Halyna in the Atrium where they converse for a few moments before following the converted Foundation personnel deeper into the facility.]*

**Timestamp 03:12** Int.Cam.26-31, Subfloor 06, Biological Research -

*[What started as a firefight between the armored invaders and Area Security evolves quickly into a rout as more and more Area personnel become infected with the biological contaminate and begin attacking the uninfected personnel. Interspersed among the Area staff are black-armored foreign strike teams working in twos and threes, using high-powered assault weapons to break apart Area rally points, breaking up resistance before it can fully form.*

*PoI-0432/Dutoit can be seen moving through the fighting, surrounded by a tight knot of the infected. As members of this entourage are damaged beyond their capacity to continue, the remainder either close ranks to cover the gap or the fallen is replaced by another of the newly-infected.*

*The invaders enter Biological Research Lab 09 where PoI-0432/Dutoit collects several samples of the [http:*www.scpwiki.com/scp-3862 3862-Σ] virus being held there for study. He then leaves to proceed deeper into the facility.]//

**Timestamp 03:14** Int.Cam.47-49, Subfloor 08, Archaic Weapons Storage - 

*[The fighting here is less intense, as less personnel are stationed in this section of the facility. PoI-0432/Ban can be seen jogging down the corridor followed by a small, heavily armed squad of black-armored invaders. He gestures and the team quickly begins dismantling the mechanism holding a [http:*www.scpwiki.com/scp-2834 Type B storage locker] on its rack.//

*A team of Area Security officers round the corner at the far end of the hall and immediately fire upon the invaders. PoI-0432/Ban reacts instantly, flinging a spray of tiny objects towards the defenders. The small bone shards pepper the Security team, most deflected by their armor. It becomes quickly evident that some made it through, as all six members of the repulsion team begin to shriek in agony as they start clawing at their equipment. A moment later, large protrusions begin ripping themselves free of the officers' skin, and they collapse into a spreading pool of blood and viscera.*

*The invaders complete the removal of the storage locker before gathering it up and moving on, deeper into the facility.]*

**Timestamp 03:31** Int.Cam.96, Subfloor 32, High Security Containment -

*[All of the PoI-0432 entities can be seen entering the security perimeter around SCP-3911-1. Bodies of site personnel can be seen strewn across the floor behind them. PoI-0432/Halyna casually rips the containment housing off the storage locker and reverently lifts SCP-3911-1 free from its storage brackets and sets it gently on the floor before stepping back from it.*

*All four Karcists begin chanting in unison, and a pale smoke begins coalescing around them. As their chanting grows louder, a small female figure materializes in the fog and joins the circle to stand next to PoI-0432/Naman.*

*Another figure appears, this one squat and powerful-looking. He glances about at the scattered corpses, then steps up next to PoI-0432/Halyna.*

*Again, the gathering smoke coalesces into a disturbingly attractive woman dressed in black folds of semi-opaque cloth. She looks breathless and excited as she eagerly joins the assembled Karcists beside PoI-0432/Dutoit.*

*As the chant nears the peak of its crescendo, a whip-thin man dressed in what looks like a monastic robe appears standing next to PoI-0432/Ban. As his voice joins the chorus, SCP-3911-1 begins to lift free of the floor, and a powerful wind begins to blow around the room, causing the thick fog to swirl and eddy in strange patterns. SCP-3911-1 disappears into a blindingly-bright corona of white fire, and the chanting of the assembled Karcists and Klavigar can only barely be heard above the roaring of the wind and flame.*

*With a sudden and horrific crash, the flare surrounding 3911-1 explodes outwards, pushing the chanting cultists a step backwards and shattering the armored plating on the walls behind them. Corpses are flung away to crush against the far walls, and the feed shudders as the shock-wave hits it and cracks its reinforced housing.*

*As the feed stabilizes, all eight of the assembled figures can be seen kneeling in a circle before a ninth. The figure is tall, skeletal-thin, and is using 3911-1 to support their weight. Obviously weak, the figure holds themselves erect, a fierce look in their emaciated face. The others look up at them with a mixture of awe and rapture expressing themselves clearly on their faces. The central figure reaches out and gently gathers the newcomers to them, embracing all of them and holding them close.]*

**Grand Karcist Ion:** *Lopuksi, ŋäcämatse, olen kotona.*Loosely translated from Ancient Ämärangnä as "Finally, my beloved(s), I am home."

[END LOG]

---

**Afterword:**

*After this, all of the invaders disapparated, leaving behind their weapons and equipment. The infected Area personnel immediately collapsed upon their disappearance, and Area-02 was able to be re-secured by Foundation reinforcements 34 minutes later.*

</details>

---

**From the Office of The Administrator**

**FROM:** ##red|administrator####white|.this.is.a.fake.email####red|@admin.scpf.####white|.this.is.a.fake.email####red|i####white|.this.is.a.fake.email####red|nt##

**TO:** SCPF Chartered Nations list; O5-12

**CC:** SCPF Site Administration list;

**DATE:** 22 February, 2020

**RE:** Protocol Scarlet

---

It has become radically apparent that the scope and breadth of the SCP-4273 event is such that the Foundation is currently ill-equipped to maintain the status quo. As such, and with the consent of Overwatch Command, I am enacting Protocol Scarlet per Article II, § 1 of the Foundation Charter. Towards this end, Foundation Military attachés are currently en route to integrate into your pre-existing military command architecture, where they will assume command on behalf of the Foundation.

As much as it pains me to do this, I must consider the entirety of normalcy across the globe. I am afraid that you no longer have the luxury of continuing to ignore the threats that we have been forced to deal with for so many years in the hopes that Somebody Else will clean up the mess for you. It is for this very purpose that the Foundation was established and why each and every one of you signed the Charter. 

You may not remember the events of the Occult Wars, but we do and the records of those events are still available for your perusal at any time. We *cannot* allow the world to revert to those days, and that is exactly what Protocol Scarlet was designed to prevent. 

Attached to this memo are summaries from all the reports to-date as well as a brief on the [Kelipat Nogah Initiative](http://scpwiki.com/kelipat). Furthermore, each of you should also be receiving a separate packet download specifying your roles within Protocol Scarlet. 

I urge you all to comply with the terms specified within Protocol Scarlet. While it is my ardent hope that you will see the necessity for such action, I know that some of you will not. Know that the Foundation is utterly committed to maintaining normalcy, no matter the cost. If that means that steps must be taken to ensure your compliance with the Charter, we will not hesitate to do so. 

The time of petty diplomatic bickering is at an end. Only together will we hope to survive what is to come, and I have faith that we will succeed as we have always done.

The Administrator

Secure. Contain. Protect.

@@ @@

Act II: *Exierunt ut Vinceret* | [In Memoria, Adytum](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/memoria-adytum)

---

<< [SCP-4272](SCP-4272) | SCP-4273 | [SCP-4274](SCP-4274) >>

=====

**Image 1**

> **Source:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/113047835@N04/16824280347)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Title:** dcalfine.jpg

> **Author:** [Anton Petukhov](https://www.flickr.com/photos/petukhovanton/)

> **Release year:** 2012

**Image 2**

> **Source:** [SCP-Wiki](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Title:** admin.png

> **Author:**  ([Author Page](http://www.scpwiki.com/estrellayoshte))

> **Release year:** 2021

=====
