/* HEADER */

 :root{

   ~~lgurl: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/component:pride-highlighter/tg_logo.svg);

}

 #page-title{

     display: none;

}

/* GENERAL */

 ul li{

     margin: unset;

}

  

    

| %%title%% |
| --- |
| = **By:** %%created_by_linked%% |
| Published on %%created_at|%d %b %Y%% |
| = **<< [*https://youtu.be/zaW6ApXbHq4 Audio Version] >>** |
 

**Published on 20 Aug 2018** 

 

This article is set in the **[*/apotheosis-hub Apotheosis]** canon. 

---

@@ @@

DISPLAYING ARCHIVED DOCUMENTATION

@@ @@

SCP-4420

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-4420 is situated in a secure position in the Site-82 Arboretum. Tentative Containment Module #819 regulates the entrance to an artificial pocket dimension large enough to confine SCP-4420. Containment technicians have installed four synchronized Scranton–Marlowe Topology Stabilizers, which maintain dimensional stability inside the module.

---

**Description:** SCP-4420 is a red Idaho potato with a current mass of 400 million kg and external dimensions of 150 metres by 65 metres by 55 metres. SCP-4420 displays the following ectoentropic properties:

# SCP-4420 responds to moisture shrinkage (~5% every two weeks) by generating a new amount of moist potato matter. During this event, a random Idaho citizen's drinking water transforms into starch-rich potato-flavoured water, which grants the ability to commune with potatoes for 3 to 10 hr after consumption.

# Exposure to electromagnetic radiation in the human visual spectrum (λ = 400 nm to 700 nm) produces potato matter of a randomized form. This matter relates to potatoes at various conceptual levels, be that immediate or vague. The new matter grows alongside SCP-4420 and attaches itself via esoteric means beyond current agricultural understanding. Observed forms include:

 * Any variation of the 5 000 potato varieties grown globally.Including other anomalous potatoes like [SCP-3342](SCP-3342).

 * Types of cooked potatoes such as mashed potatoes, French fries, and potato chips.

 * 1996 Idaho County Junior League Potato Sack Race champion Michelle Brown, age 6.

 * A species of Jerusalem cricket (colloquially known as the potato bug) composed of sweet potato. These insects have infested ~8% of SCP-4420 to date.

 * Memetic ennui affecting 10% of persons within a 5-km radius.

# SCP-4420 displays evident immunity to decay. SCP-4420 consumes most organic irregularities almost immediately after their growth, and produces healthy potato matter in their place.

# SCP-4420 consumes food and organic waste within 20 metres of its surface. Any nearby organic material transforms into a potato tuber of equal mass and teleports into SCP-4420. This includes small animals up to 5 kg in mass.

As of current documentation, SCP-4420 has been growing for 22 years.

---

---

## UPDATES

---

**I. 10 May 2019**

Field researchers discovered foreign fluid with trace amounts of thaumic contaminants in the local groundwater. The Site-82 Operations Command Office initiated [Mandate 3731-Ov91](scp-3731), which calls for immediate lockdown and destruction of foreign substances. Security staff considered the lockdown successful within the hour.

Because of its containment location, however, SCP-4420 remained unaccounted for.

At 21:51 CDT, SCP-4420 absorbed thaumic fluids and developed sapience lasting for 32 hours. During this time, it displayed the ability to manipulate informational constructs. SCP-4420 then disseminated 362 SMS messages to on-site staff.

A series of received messages is as follows.

can you see me

pls look at me

im big

look at me

do you think im pretty

is that what i rly look like

no way

is that how you see me ☹️

you cant see me like this

im not good enough am i

not for you

how could i be

leave me alone

im a monster

im sorry i look this way

---

**II. 12 May 2019**

At 05:51 CDT, SCP-4420 ceased all anomalous growth and displayed signs of accelerated decomposition.

SCP-4420 has been reclassified as NEUTRALIZED.

= << [SCP-4419](SCP-4419) | [Lt Flops](floppyphoenix) | [SCP-4421](SCP-4421) >>

=====

> **Filename:** tater-tot.png

> **Name:** Mr. Red Potato.jpg

> **Author:** [Tequask](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Tequask)

> **License:** [Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mr._Red_Potato.jpg)

> **Note:** Edited by . Cropped, saturated, and mirrored.

=====
