:root {

    --header-title: "SCP Foundation";

    --header-subtitle: "Sun-Colored People";

}

.scp-image-block.block-right { margin: 1em 2em 1em 1em; }

#page-title{display:none}

.footnotes-footer { 

    visibility: hidden; 

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

.dryg {

    padding-left: 12px; 

    padding-right: 12px; 

    padding-top: 6px;

    background: #feff8c;

    border:solid 2px #FF6D00;

}

.ad_memo {

    background: #ffffff;

    background-size: 400px;

    background-position: center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    box-shadow: 0px 0px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);

    width: 84%;

    min-height: 4rem;

    margin-left: auto;

    margin-right: auto;

    padding: 10px 20px 20px 20px;

    word-break: break-word;

}

.footnotes-footer { 

    visibility: hidden; 

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

**Item №:** SCP-4350

###990001|**Level 2/4350**##

**Object Class:** Neutralized Formerly Euclid. 

###990001|**Classified**##

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-48

Linda Lutz

N/A

N/A

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** As of June 1, 2010, the containment procedures regarding SCP-4350 instances have been discontinued. The following containment procedures have been archived for historical reference.

<details>
<summary>+ Open Original Containment Procedures</summary>

All SCP-4350 instances within the legally defined boundaries of Laurel Creek, California, USA are to be removed from the respective vehicle, replaced with Foundation approved glass replacements, and stored in standard storage lockers at Site-48. The owners of affected vehicles are to be administered Class-B amnestics.

</details>

**Description:** SCP-4350 is the collective designation for the stock window panes of the eighth generation Mitsubishi Galant. When an individual looks through an SCP-4350 instance when within the city of Laurel Creek, California, USA, they will be able to perceive humanoid-shaped entities. The entities, designated SCP-4350-1, are yellow in color and estimated to be four meters tall. They can be photographed and videotaped through SCP-4350 instances. Instances of SCP-4350-1 do not possess any facial features or bodily orifices, and are thin and translucent.

SCP-4350 instances will continue to reveal SCP-4350-1 instances when removed from the vehicle. The number of instances visible will vary based on the location from which they are viewed. None have been observed outside of Laurel Creek.

**Discovery:** On March 30, 2010, Site-48 Agent Charles Choudhury rented a 2003 Mitsubishi Galant after his original vehicle was stolen. When driving through Laurel Creek, Agent Choudhury reported perceiving SCP-4350-1 instances outside the vehicle. Repeated test drives by other Foundation personnel confirmed the anomaly. The vehicle was purchased from the rental company and stored within Site-48 on April 6, 2010. 

It was discovered that the windows of the vehicle are responsible for the anomaly, and not the vehicle itself. The SCP-4350 instances were removed and stored in standard containment lockers. The vehicle was fitted with alternative glass panes and is currently used as Foundation transport.

---

**Addendum 01:** The following interview with SCP-4350-1 instances took place on May 13, 2010.

> = **Transcript 4350-1**

> 

> **Interviewer:** Agent Arestandos Arada

> 

> **Interviewed:** Instances of SCP-4350-1 

> 

> **Foreword:** Agent Arada is seated within a parked Mitsubishi Galant installed with SCP-4350 instances, facing north in a parking lot in Laurel Creek. The vehicle is under surveillance from nearby personnel. Dashboard cameras have been set up within the cabin, facing the outside.

> ~~-~~-

> = **<Begin Log>**

> ~~-~~-

> **Arada:** Alright, Control. I'm in the vehicle, and can see some... tall yellow entities outside.

> 

> *Video feed shows an SCP-4350-1 instance standing outside, approximately seven meters east from the vehicle. Outside video feed does not display the instance.*

> 

> **Control:** Attempt to make contact with the yellow entity. 

> 

> **Arada:** Okay, Control. *<shouting through the passenger window>* Excuse me! Can you hear me? I would like to have an interview with you!

> 

> *The SCP-4350-1 instance appears to be startled by the exclamation. It begins to walk towards the vehicle. Agent Arada can be heard from the outside video feed, with no instance visible.*

> 

> **Arada:** Control, the entity is currently walking towards the vehicle. 

> 

> *The SCP-4350-1 instance stops one meter from the vehicle, and appears to bend down and peer through the right-front window.*

> 

> **Arada:** Um... hello there. Are you able to understand what I am saying?

> 

> *The SCP-4350-1 instance kneels down onto the ground and continues to look into the vehicle.*

> 

> **Arada:** Ow... ah... something's happening...

> 

> **Control:** Agent Arada, are you okay? What's going on?

> 

> **Arada:** I got this intrusive thought in my mind, it was like a written message, but I don't know if it's because of the entity...

> 

> **Control:** What did the message say?

> 

> *Agent Arada winces again. The SCP-4350-1 instance is still present, and appears to cock its "head" to the left.*

> 

> **Arada:** I... think the message is... "Can you see us"? I'm going to respond. *<to SCP-4350-1 instance>* Yes, I can see you. I would like to ask some questions.

> 

> *The SCP-4350-1 instance is joined by another instance, which sits to the vehicle's left, and peers in.*

> 

> **Arada:** Ow, I'm getting another message, Control. It says: "Do you know what we are?" *<to SCP-4350-1 instances>* No, I do not know what you are. Could you tell me?

> 

> *Three more SCP-4350-1 instances gather around the vehicle.*

> 

> **Arada:** Okay, I got an answer back. It's: "You should not be able to see us." *<to SCP-4350-1 instances>* Could you tell me why shouldn't I see you? 

> 

> *The SCP-4350-1 instances continue to watch the vehicle.*

> 

> **Control:** Have you received a response?

> 

> **Arada:** Yeah, it was: "We have not seen this glass before. We must... adapt to it?"

> 

> *The five SCP-4350-1 instances move closer to the vehicle and stretch their "arms" forward.*

> 

> **Arada:** The entities are currently heading towards the vehicle.

> 

> *The SCP-4350-1 instances make contact with the vehicle. The SCP-4350 instances begin to rattle. Outside footage displays the glass rattling for no apparent reason.*

> 

> **Arada:** The glass is shaking! They're putting thoughts in my head about the "new glass matrix"...

> 

> *The glass continues to rattle.*

> 

> **Arada:** *<to SCP-4350-1 instances>* Please step away from the vehicle. I- I do not wish you any harm.

> 

> *The SCP-4350-1 instances suddenly begin to evaporate from view of the windows.*

> 

> **Arada:** What the- Control, the entities are disappearing.

> 

> *The instances continue to evaporate. The SCP-4350 instances cease to rattle.*

> 

> **Arada:** The entities are no longer visible.

> 

> *No SCP-4350-1 instances can be seen through the SCP-4350 instances.*

> 

> **Control:** Exit the vehicle. We're ending the interview.

> ~~-~~-

> = **<End Log>**

---

**Addendum 02:** Following the interview, no SCP-4350-1 instances have been perceived despite multiple attempts. SCP-4350 was reclassified as Neutralized on June 1, 2010.

Recently completed analysis of SCP-4350 instances revealed that their chemical makeup does not match any other known glass. Further research revealed that the Mitsubishi corporation produced the unique glass through an experimental technique that was quickly discontinued. The glass was only installed in eighth generation Mitsubishi Galants manufactured at the DSM manufacturing plant in Normal, Illinois, USA. The exact chemical makeup has not been used since.

---

<< [SCP-4349](SCP-4349) | SCP-4350 | [SCP-4351](SCP-4351) >>

=====

> **Filename:** GALANT.JPG

> **Name:** Jagvars Galant.JPG

> **Author:** [Jagvar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:Jagvar)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Jagvars_Galant.JPG)

=====
