.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

**Item #:** SCP-4509

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The only remaining extant copy is currently contained in Site-23 anomalous library.  Access is restricted to 4-e "Librarian" class individuals and directorial staff. Any incidents will be reported to the affected individuals via automated report, along with a copy of this documentation. If any additional copies are discovered, they will be incinerated.

**Description:** SCP-4509 is a romantic novel roughly 139 pages long, authored by Ann Bannon, entitled "Lovers Lane." The copy held today is the only known remaining copy following Foundation incineration and destruction efforts. Bannon has not been designated a PoI, as no additional anomalous activity has been linked to them since. 

The anomalous effects do not present themselves until multiple female-identifying and female-attracted individuals come into contact with the object. Once this condition is met, those touching it will begin to feel an attraction to each other. Romantic emotional dependence will begin to grow sharply over a period of time, namely causing feelings of longing, attraction, and fear of losing the other person. After a period of several months, the attraction begins to gain sexual undertones and gradually becomes a more intimate relationship.

# NOTICE: IMPORTANT. PLEASE READ BELOW.

---

### This is an official notice that you [EMILY GRAHAM] have been subjugated to a C-11 Class anomaly. Possible psychic or emotional binding is possible with the following individuals: SITE DIRECTOR CAMILLE BECKETT. Please be conscious that any feelings of attachment are likely artificial if beginning after the following date: 2019/09/16.  Treatments required: n/a Treatments recommended: n/a

---

2019/09/16, 2:09 PM

**To:** thegreatgomez@gmail.com

**From:** grahamyhammy999@gmail.com

**Subject:** I think I'm in love with my boss and it's not my fault.

---

Grace,

Oh my god, I'm freaking the fuck out right now. It was that fucking book. That stupid fucking romance novel! The one that we both touched when I looked into her eyes and felt like my heart was going to melt out of my chest, when I wanted nothing more than to kiss her right there in our fucking decontamination suits. It was, surprising no one but myself, anomalous. There was literally no way that I would have the courage to talk to her about how I feel. And now we're fated to fall in love or some bullshit! Fuck, I'm going to have to write her an email.

-Emily 

@@ @@

2019/09/16, 4:32 PM

**To:** grahamyhammy999@gmail.com

**From:** thegreatgomez@gmail.com

**Subject:** Re: I think I'm in love with my boss and it's not my fault.

---

Em,

That's rough. Would you mind sending the documentation my way? Maybe I can have someone check it out and see if there's some way to break your tErRiBlE cUrSe. Maybe it isn't the worst thing in the world, she is cute. And don't you dare get high and mighty at me for saying so, you're the one with a magical crush.

-Grace

2019/09/19, 12:45 PM

**To:** cbeckett1@scp.foundation.com

**From:** egraham12@scp.foundation.com

**Subject:** Anomaly Contact Report

---

Greetings,

I just received a notice that I've been subjected to an anomalous effect following the incident in containment chamber 503L, and that you have as well. I'll be using this email thread to report any changes in condition, as I feel like you should be made aware of any progressions in my symptoms. So far, I haven't experienced any desire since the effect first began, and don't sense any compulsions yet. 

I hope this email finds you in good health,

-Emily Graham

Senior Librarian, Class 4-e

@@ @@

2019/09/19, 12:47 PM

**To:** thegreatgomez@gmail.com

**From:** grahamyhammy999@gmail.com

**Subject:** Re:I think I'm in love with my boss and it's not my fault.

---

Grace,

Okay. I finally emailed her. Fuck. I worded it nice and professionally, like any other work mail about a book that went flying out of the room or a dinosaur in my bedroom, except it was about how I've fallen in love with her. I don't even know what to feel, I want to go after her but it feels so wrong, chasing after someone who can't not love you back because of some stupid magic book. Have you tried asking around the Serpent's Hand? You know how they feel about magic books.

-Emily

2019/09/19, 01:23 PM

**To:** egraham12@scp.foundation.com

**From:** cbeckett1@scp.foundation.com

**Subject:** RE:Anomaly Contact Report

---

Ms. Graham,

Thank you for the report. Your idea of using this email thread to document symptoms was clever. I, for one, have experienced the attraction mentioned in the report, along with developed a habit of blushing whenever you are mentioned. I've yet to develop any more severe symptoms. I do have a small hypothesis that the feeling of longing will dissipate if we are in proximity, especially in a social context. Are you available for an off-site lunch tomorrow?

-Camille Beckett

Site Director, Class 0-d

2019/09/20, 02:23 PM

**To:** cbeckett1@scp.foundation.com

**From:** egraham12@scp.foundation.com

**Subject:** RE:Anomaly Contact Report

---

Ms. Beckett,

Thank you very much for the lunch! It was truly a treat to talk with you outside of a work setting, especially considering the tension between us during all of this. I must admit, it did help alleviate some symptoms. I seem to have developed your blushing issue, but the high from talking with you in person has done away with most of the feeling of longing. I believe that continuing to meet outside of work will help alleviate the symptoms further. Same time, tomorrow?

-Emily Graham

Senior Librarian, Class 4-e

2019/10/03, 04:25 AM

**To:** egraham12@scp.foundation.com

**From:** cbeckett1@scp.foundation.com

**Subject:** Personal contact information

---

Evening, Em-

It feels appropriate that in the interest of continued suppression of symptoms, contact outside of work email would be wise. It may also be of interest to drop some formality, as unless Ms. Gomez's team manages to come up with a solution, we may be stuck together for some time.

Love,

-Camille Beckett

Site Director, Class 0-d

2019/10/05, 10:37 AM

**To:** beckbeckbeck@gmail.com

**From:** grahamyhammy999@gmail.com

**Subject:** KILL THE DIRECTOR

---

Dear .aic's, HR people, and whomever else it may concern: I am not going to kill the director.

Milly, 

I would like to once again thank you for lunch. It did alleviate my longing for the time being, but as we grow apart, I long for you even more. You, as the song goes, make me feel seasick. If this is a romcom, I'd like to kill the director. If it's a romance novel, I'd like to steal the pen. I want to captain a ship into your eyes, Ms. Beckett, magic book be damned. I believe I love you.

Yours,

-Em

@@ @@

2019/10/05, 11:22 AM

**To:** grahamyhammy999@gmail.com

**From:** beckbeckbeck@gmail.com

**Subject:** Re:KILL THE DIRECTOR

---

Thank you for not killing me, at least not physically. Mentally, I'm melting at your words. You treat me too well, and my only hope is that you actually feel this way. I do hope that this continues, I haven't felt this in love for years, and never with someone who tried to woo me with casual metaphysics. I love you, Em. Are you free this weekend?

Yours, until every star turns to dust,

-Milly

2019/12/16, 12:00 PM

**To:** egraham12@scp.foundation.com, cbeckett1@scp.foundation.com

**From:** ggomez43@scp.foundation.com

**Subject:** UPDATE

---

This is an official documentation update for SCP-4509. "Effect only occurs on nights of the full moon. Any other emotional response is self-derived."

2019/12/16, 12:01 PM

**To:** beckbeckbeck@gmail.com

**From:** grahamyhammy999@gmail.com

**Subject:** (no subject)

---

fuck

<< [SCP-4508](SCP-4508) | SCP-4509 | [SCP-4510](SCP-4510) >>

> **Filename:** lovers-lane-cover

> **Author:** [Penguin6](penguin's igloo)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Derivative of:** "Dinosaur books!" by solarisgirl is licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0
