**Item #**: SCP-4443

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-4443 is to be contained in a standard containment locker.

Security Personnel are to be stationed within all rooms directly adjacent to the testing chamber of SCP-4443. Rooms are to be supplied with equipment under the guidelines given under Document 4443/4.

**Update:** Following the events of Test-4443-31, security personnel are to be stationed in the chamber during testing. 

**Description:** SCP-4443 is a plain white sheet measuring 180x150cm. Two circular patches of black polyester have been stitched into it side to side, giving it the appearance of a generic ‘sheet ghost’ Halloween costume. Anomalous properties manifest only when worn.

When worn by a subject, SCP-4443 is resistant to the effects of air currents and will only move when manipulated by the wearer or other physical forces. Wearers are capable of phasing directly through solid surfaces along with SCP-4443. Subjects do not need to be fully covered for anomalous qualities to manifest; tests have shown that effects activate while approximately 50% of the subject's body is covered by SCP-4443. SCP-4443 may be removed by the wearer or by another person directly attempting to do so.

Additionally, those wearing SCP-4443 are capable of slow, upwards levitation. This effect only activates while the wearer vocalizes a sound similar to a typical “Oooo” noise associated with ghosts. Levitation will cease when the wearer stops vocalizing, wherein they will slowly float back downwards.

**Discovery Log:** SCP-4443 was initially discovered following the unusual circumstances surrounding the death of Craig ████, who had reportedly fallen from the second story of his home in ██████, Wisconsin, United States. The parents of Craig and several outside witnesses claimed to have watched him phase through the house's second story wall while wearing SCP-4443. Amnestics were issued and upon confirming its anomalous properties, SCP-4443 was secured. At no point was it confirmed whether SCP-4443 had been made by Craig ████ or was found.

<details>
<summary>Access Testing Log</summary>

> **Test:** 4443-004

> **Subject:** D-4856

> **Details:** D-4856 is told to vocalize an "Oooo" for several seconds.

> **Results:** D-4856 levitates several centimetres above the ground for the remainder of the vocalization, before dropping back down.

> **Test:** 4443-006

> **Subject:** D-4856

> **Details:** D-4856 is instructed to vocalize an “Oooo” for as long as they can.

> **Results:** D-4856 levitates through the test chamber ceiling and into the room above, which had been prepared for such a result. D-4856 was then instructed to cease ooooing.

> **Test:** 4443-009

> **Subject:** D-4856

> **Details:** D-4856 is asked to lower themselves to the floor and lie down.

> **Results:** The covered section of D-4856 immediately phases through the floor followed by their legs. While initially arriving in the room below, D-4856 phases through the awaiting safety mat and then through the floor below it. D-4856 continues falling through several floors below until [DATA REDACTED].

> **Notes:** Before beginning the test, D-4856 reported hearing faint noises from an unknown source after putting on SCP-4443.

> **Test:** 4443-015

> **Subject:** D-4839

> **Details:** D-4839 is instructed to vocalize an “Oooo” at a louder volume.

> **Results:** D-4839 rises upwards with drastically more momentum. D-4839 then floats back down as normal.

> **Test:** 4443-024

> **Subject:** D-4839

> **Details:** D-4839 is told to run through several propped up walls while vocalizing an “Oooo”.

> **Results:** D-4839 phases through several walls before gradually floating upwards, continuing to float forwards. D-4839 lands back down safely once ceasing vocalizations. 

> **Notes:** D-4839 reported noticing what appeared to be a non-distinct figure standing in the testing chamber. The figure was not spotted again after initial observation.

> **Test:** 4443-031

> **Subject:** D-4839

> **Details:** D-4839 was instructed to remain still while wearing SCP-4443 and to report any visual abnormalities.

> **Results:** After several minutes, D-4839 reports seeing several humanoid figures in different locations throughout the chamber. Figures are described as resembling humans of various ages and dressed in sheets identical to SCP-4443. Most instances appear to be children, while several are adults. D-4839 confirms one of the figures to be wearing an orange jumpsuit underneath its sheet. Entities are described to be walking or floating around the chamber, before several stop in front of D-4839 and begin starring at them.

> 

> D-4839 becomes greatly agitated and attempts to escape the testing chamber through a wall using SCP-4443. D-4839 phases through the wall of the testing chamber; only SCP-4443 emerges from the other side.

> 

> The whereabouts of D-4839 are currently unknown.

</details>

<< [SCP-4442](SCP-4442) | SCP-4443 | [SCP-4444](SCP-4444) >>
