#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

This document has been heavily modified from its initial creation. All previous revisions, notes, and additions to the document have been preserved for clarity.

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

**Item #:** SCP-4021

>

**Object Class:** Neutralized

>

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-4021-1 has been incinerated and its containment chamber is to be used for other projects in the future. Most of its ashes have been discarded, save for a small amount which is stored in an urn kept in Dr. Carter's office. As per request from Dr. Carter.

[[collapsible show="+ (09/20/15) Archived Containment Procedures [INPUT LEVEL 2 CREDENTIALS]" hide="- (09/20/15) Archived Containment Procedures [INPUT LEVEL 2 CREDENTIALS]"]] SCP-4021 is to be contained in a Size-1  9m x 12m x 12m.  Anomaly greenhouse with multiple growing beds for use by SCP-4021-2. SCP-4021-1 requires at least 7 hours of artificial or natural sunlight per day, and is to be misted daily with fresh distilled water for one hour. Personnel with Level-1 clearance or higher are permitted to interact with SCP-4021-2 and the crops they tend. Assorted fruit seeds are to be provided to SCP-4021-2 in order to keep instances content. Dr. Phid has been chosen as the Project Head of containment and research for SCP-4021. Any requests for changes to containment procedures must be submitted to the Project Head.

>

On 05/03/15, a proposal for revised containment including an expanded living space and more frequent surveillance was brought forward by Dr. Carter due to changes in SCP-4021's behavior. On 05/06/15, the proposition was denied by the Project Head.

>

**Description:** SCP-4021 is the designation given to both SCP-4021-1, which is the incinerated remains of a mandarin orange tree, and SCP-4021-2, which were sentient humanoid fruits that were previously produced periodically by SCP-4021-1.

[[collapsible show="+ (09/20/15) Archived Description [INPUT LEVEL 2 CREDENTIALS]" hide="- (09/20/15) Archived Description [INPUT LEVEL 2 CREDENTIALS]"]]SCP-4021-1 is a 7m tall mandarin orange (*Citrus reticulata*) tree. Instances of SCP-4021-2 religiously worship this tree, possibly considering it as a deity. SCP-4021-1 requires a large amount of [REDACTED] to continually produce SCP-4021-2 instances and remain healthy.

>

SCP-4021-2 instances are gradually produced at a varying time frame from SCP-4021-1. SCP-4021-2 are sapient mandarin fruits with limbs that appear to be made of material analogous to non-anomalous plant stalk matter, with a series of interior organs that function similarly to those found in humans. SCP-4021-2 have been found to have a sense of sight, taste, and hearing; it is unknown if they have a sense of smell and touch. SCP-4021-2 are able to engage in communication through mouth-like structures. However, the language that SCP-4021-2 instances communicate in is unknown. SCP-4021-2 are docile in nature, and seem to enjoy conversation amongst other SCP-4021-2 instances. When SCP-4021-2 instances are not tending to their crops, they are typically seen conversing with each other ~~or staring outside of the containment area for long periods of time.~~This was not occurring until SCP-4021 had spent 3 months in containment.

While there are 17When initially contained, the maximum population of SCP-4021-2 instances alive at one time dropped from 73 to 17, as evident from photographs taken at SCP-4021's initial retrieval site. SCP-4021-2 instances in existence, SCP-4021-1 appears to cease producing fruit until an SCP-4021-2 instance has expired; it also requires for the remaining SCP-4021-2 instances to have completed their burial ritual, and that sufficient time has transpired for the buried instance to have completely decomposed, typically taking up to 7 weeks. When an instance of SCP-4021-2 expires, the other instances of SCP-4021-2 will pick up the dead specimen and bury it under SCP-4021-1. SCP-4021-2 "pray" daily at dawn, and during births of SCP-4021-2 instances in groups of 3-4. The frequency of these praying rituals has been observed to be gradually increasing over time, sometimes straying from SCP-4021-2's common praying routine patterns. ~~Additionally, writing on the ground from SCP-4021-2 instances in what is presumed to be their language has been found multiple times following these rituals.~~

SCP-4021-2 instances have shown a significant interest in gardening, often tending to fruit crops in their containment chamber. It should be noted that crops not classified as fruit were ignored by SCP-4021-2. The harvested crops have been tested by Foundation personnel and have shown no anomalous effects. ~~When crops are ready to be harvested, SCP-4021-2 instances will allow personnel to take as many as they want, provided that the fruit taken is not part of the citrus genus.~~ 

 

> 

**Addendum SCP-4021-01:** A series of 6 tests with SCP-4021-2 instances was held. All of these tests were proposed by the Project Head to learn of their reactions to various objects and animals.

[[collapsible show="+ (04/16/15) Addendum SCP-4021-01 Test Log [INPUT LEVEL 2 CREDENTIALS]" hide="- (04/16/15) Addendum SCP-4021-01 Test Log [INPUT LEVEL 2 CREDENTIALS]"]]

| Test # | Specimen | Results |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Test 1 | One packet of commercially acquired bitter orange (*Citrus aurantium*) seeds. | SCP-4021-2 planted the seeds and proceeded to carefully tend the crop. SCP-4021-2 instances were observed attempting to converse with the crop, displaying the same mannerisms they show when conversing with other instances. |
| Test 2 | One live marsh rabbit (*Sylvilagus palustris*) and one metal cage (empty) | SCP-4021-2 instances attempted to capture the rabbit, taking around 30 minutes to contain it within the metal cage. SCP-4021-2 then returned to tending their crops and the rabbit was thereafter ignored before being removed from the containment chamber by research personnel. |
| Test 3 | One glass of commercially acquired orange juice. | The SCP-4021-2 instances immediately began exhibiting signs of extreme distress at the sight of the juice. Following shortly after, the instances of SCP-4021-2 nearby proceeded to [REDACTED] |
| Test 4 | Two ladybird beetles. (*Coccinella septempunctata*) | SCP-4021-2 instances proceeded to exhibit signs of pleasure when they first noticed the beetles in containment. They began to follow the beetles as they moved around their containment and analyzed their behaviors. |
| Test 5 | One leaf picked from SCP-4021-1. | [REDACTED] |
| Test 6 | One decapitated instance of SCP-4021-2 | [REDACTED] |

> 

**Addendum SCP-4021-02:** Changes in behavior of SCP-4021 have resulted in the requirement to consistently archive any further behavioral variations. 

[[collapsible show="+ (04/22/15) Addendum SCP-4021-02 Behavioral Notes [INPUT LEVEL 2 CREDENTIALS]" hide="- (04/22/15) Addendum SCP-4021-02 Behavioral Notes [INPUT LEVEL 2 CREDENTIALS]"]]

**Behavioral note dated 04/22/15:** Proportionally less conversation and overall activity has been observed between the SCP-4021-2 instances. It has also been noticed that SCP-4021-2 have not been tending to the crops within their containment chamber as often as usual. 

**Behavioral note dated 05/03/15:** The population of SCP-4021-2 instances has decreased to 13, despite sufficient time having elapsed for SCP-4021-1 to produce further offspring. Additionally, SCP-4021-2 instances have neglected their crops for several weeks, requiring personnel to maintain them instead.

**Behavioral note dated 05/28/15:** SCP-4021-2 instances seem to be spending a significantly increased amount of time near the entrances to the containment area. Furthermore, SCP-4021-2 instances have begun taking on a more wilted appearance than previously noted. No signs of any disease found.

**Behavioral note dated 06/19/15:** The population of SCP-4021-2 instances has again decreased to 9. SCP-4021-2 have been writing indecipherable symbols on a more common basis, often near any entrance.

**Behavioral note dated 09/20/15:** Over the past few months following the previous note, the number of instances of SCP-4021-2 active at one time has gradually decreased until none have been produced at all for extended periods of time. On 09/20/15, SCP-4021-1 has died, its features consistent with decomposition. SCP-4021-1 has been incinerated, and SCP-4021 reclassified to Neutralized along with a revision of its documents. 

>

**Addendum SCP-4021-03:** On 08/17/15, the Project Head left a note on the document directed at the researchers assisting in containment of SCP-4021.

>

[[collapsible show="+ (08/17/15) Addendum SCP-4021-03 Note Archival [INPUT LEVEL 2 CREDENTIALS]" hide="- (08/17/15) Addendum SCP-4021-03 Note Archival [INPUT LEVEL 2 CREDENTIALS]"]]

**Notice from Project Head Alan Phid:** I've gone through this document and crossed off unimportant parts. In the future, please refrain from including unnecessary information as it makes the document less easily accessible. I've also received several questions as to what was removed from the document; everything that was removed was clutter, making it damn near unreadable. I will be taking no further questions regarding this matter.

**Addendum SCP-4021-04:** Dr. Phid has been reported missing since 09/20/15.

**Addendum SCP-4021-05:** After an investigation on the SCP-4021 Project Head, "Alan Phid" was found to be an alias he had adopted for currently unknown reasons. Further efforts to gain insight into his background are ongoing.

**Addendum SCP-4021-06:** On 09/23/15, viable seeds from remaining fruit of SCP-4021-1 have been extracted, introducing the possibility of SCP-4021-1's revival.

<< [SCP-4020](SCP-4020) | SCP-4021 | [SCP-4022](SCP-4022) >>
