sup { 

vertical-align: top; position: relative; top: -0.5em; 

}

**SCP-4376** - Have you tried just smiling more?

---

**Author:** 

**More by this author:** http://www.scp-wiki.net/poi-3181-198-file

**Critique Credit:**    

---

**Special Containment Procedures:**  SCP-4376 is to be contained in a Humanoid Containment Cell outfitted with greater vertical space, and specially constructed furniture to accommodate its anatomy.

**Description:** SCP-4376 is a 23-year-old human male by the name of Wilhelm Schröder. Since 2019/06/10, Mr. Schröder possesses a unique physical abnormality: his head sits on a secondary torso, which has grown out of his original body's neck. Both bodies are genetically and visually matching.Similar to the result of the phenomenon on the body of [SCP-5286](scp-5286). Wilhelm Schöder's medical history shows that he was diagnosed with clinical depression at the age of 14, with the last evaluation at the age of 22, while psychological evaluations over the course of his containment could not identify symptoms of such a condition. Schröder is aware of this and has expressed great pride in "getting better" and "just following such a simple trick" [sic].

**Addendum SCP-4376.1 Discovery:** SCP-4376 was discovered on 2019/06/10 on his way home from his job at an insurance company. Witness reports to the police were intercepted and a disinformation campaign, portraying it as a viral advertisement for a new horror movie, was put in place. Co-workers reported seeing Schröder using his phone to chat during the lunch break and afterwards going to the bathroom for an unusual amount of time before emerging in his current form. His phone was recovered and the chat log of this specific time span has been logged below.

### Honey 💗

---

 **10:35|Wilhelm:** I'm sorry 

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **12:15|Honey 💗:** do not give me that. cant you think of me for once?

You even know how much this hurts me? To see you like that?

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **12:18|Honey 💗:**

Cant you justtry a little fucking harder

@@ @@

@@ @@

  **12:19| Honey 💗:**

get over yourself

@@ @@

@@ @@

 **12:20|Wilhelm:** I 

@@ @@

 **12:20|Wilhelm:** I guess Ill try 

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-4375](SCP-4375) | SCP-4376 | [SCP-4377](SCP-4377) >>
