]

/* SITE HEADER */

 #header h1 a,

 #header h2 span{

     color: transparent;

     text-shadow: none;

}

 #header h1 a::before{

     content: "The Avian Division";

     font-family: "Verdana", sans-serif;

}

 #header h2 span::before{

     content: "Until we return to The Nest";

}

/* INFO BAR */

 #u-author_block{

     display: none;

}

/* FLOPS HEADER */

 .disruptionHeader{

     display: none !important;

}

/* DIV BLOCKS */

 .warning-notice.tacTheo{

     background-color: hsl(11, 89%, 85%);

     background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-4795/DoTT_trans.png);

     background-size: 75%;

}

 .warning-notice.avian {

     background-color: hsl(45, 89%, 80%);

     background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/bird/avian-division-logo-transparent.png);

     background-size: 75%;

}

| %%title%% |
| --- |
| = **By:**  and  |
| Published on %%created_at|%d %b %Y%% |
 and  

**Published on 21 Sep 2019** 

 

This article is set in the **Team Bird** Series. 

 

 

**More by these authors:** 

**[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-mews-personnel-file Mew-ltiverse]** 

**[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/floppyphoenix Lt Flops]** 

 @@ @@

]]

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-4795 is currently monitored in association with Project: CALADRIUS, which uses Foundation-operated biomechanical surveillance drones resembling the domestic pigeon. Foundation parazoologists regularly track pigeon flock movement through the Kanz Park area to assess population numbers. Park signs warning against pigeon aggression have been installed in and around Kanz Park to reduce the likelihood of pigeon attacks on civilians.

---

**Description:** SCP-4795 is Kanz Park, a 2.5-km² recreational park located in southern Cairo, Egypt.

SCP-4795's anomalous properties manifest in its attraction of domestic pigeons (*Columba livia domestica*), which flock to the park's premises in large volumes. Between 400 and 600 pigeons (designated **SCP-4795-1**) currently reside within the park. When in close proximity of humans, SCP-4795-1 display a marked increase in aggression, tending toward seeking out and attacking humans in possession of food.

---

## ADDENDA MATERIALS

---

**I. Discovery**

In the early 2010s, Cairo's municipal government reported a dramatic increase in pigeon populations, along with the prevalence of pigeon flocks using sophisticated attack techniquesi.e. stealth, tactical grouping, and the hierarchy of command. against other flocks. This culminated in March 2014 following the pigeon-mating season, when an observed convergence of tens of thousands of pigeons (comprising hundreds of rival flocks) organized and attacked one another within the Kanz Park area.

Regional Foundation parazoologists noticed Kanz Park's use as a focal point and classified it as **E-08298** while designating increased social intelligence and aggression in pigeon populations as **E-08298-1**. The case was later forwarded to the [Avian Division](scp-3095) for its immense importance to inter-avian relations. Cairo-based Foundation officials flew Dr. Guenevere Goshawk, then-Envoy to the Avian Division, out to Egypt to foster positive pigeon relationships. Dr. Goshawk was charged with placating the population and determining what power structure had emerged -- if any.

<details>
<summary>   a. Initial Interview 08298.1</summary>

### VIDEO LOG

---

**INTERVIEWED:** “Sergeant Nour”, an E-08298-1 instance

**INTERVIEWER:** Doctor Guenevere Goshawk, Avian Division Envoy

**FOREWORD:** The following is a transcript of an interview taken with Sgt. Nour. Dr. Goshawk conducted the interview in an Egyptian-avian dialect and translated it into English.

---

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

---

**Dr. Guenevere Goshawk:** Sergeant Nour, was it? I am Doctor Guenevere Goshawk. Thank you for agreeing to discuss this with me this evening.

**Sgt. Nour:** The pleasure is all yours, miss! You get to bless your eyes with my magnificent presence!

**Goshawk:** Sergeant, I was actually hoping you could answer some questions for me.

**Nour:** Hmm, what *questions* do you speak of, my dear? @@[@@*He holds a wing over his beak.*@@]@@

**Goshawk:** I am interested in Kanz Park. Why are pigeons flocking there in thousands?

**Nour:** My, whatever do you mean, miss? That is what we pigeons do! @@[@@*He stretches his wings outwards.*@@]@@

**Goshawk:** I am not stupid; do not play games with me. Tell me what you know regarding the flocks of pigeons at Kanz Park.

**Nour:** We just flock together! Silly bird, do you not see that?

**Goshawk:** If you listen to me and answer my questions, I will reward you with some bread.

**Nour:** @@[@@*He coos.*@@]@@ Ta-*da*! I shall accept, but do not think I will share everything!

@@[@@*Dr. Goshawk plucks a piece of bread out from her coat pocket and nudges it toward Sgt. Nour. He eats it whole.*@@]@@

**Goshawk:** Good. Now, what do you know about the flock of pigeons in Kanz Park?

**Nour:** Hmm, it is a source of food! The humans like to save their food for sacred entities such as us -- they are too pathetic to wield it for themselves. Thoth created this park for us, and so we must protect it.

**Goshawk:** Did you say... Thoth?

**Nour:** Yes, my darling, yes! Thoth is our lord and savior -- he introduced us to the treasure!

**Goshawk:** Treasure?

**Nour:** *The* treasure, yes. It's our food! And Thoth chose *me* to share the message! My messengers and I share his message with pigeons worldwide! I am luminous! My name says so.

**Goshawk:** Uhm, I think you've shared enough. Thank you for talking to me.

**Nour:** Thoth be with you!

---

= **[END LOG]**

---

**NOTE:** Dr. Goshawk's efforts across March and April 2014 led to E-08298-1's current flock taking permanent residence in Kanz Park. The current flock displays moderate aggression toward human occupation; though, no further pigeon or human injuries resulting from E-08298-1 attacks have been documented.

A human investigation into E-08298 is now underway.

</details>

<details>
<summary>   b. Follow-up Interview 08298.2</summary>

### VIDEO LOG

---

**INTERVIEWED:** “Pip”, an E-08298-1 instance

**INTERVIEWERS:** Doctors Juniper Marigold and Stanley Diamond

**FOREWORD:** Prototype avian speech and translation para-technology made communication in the following interview possible.

---

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

---

@@[@@*Drs. Marigold and Diamond canvas Kanz Park in search of pigeons to interview.*@@]@@

**[Dr. Stanley Diamond](scp-4688):** Hey, you! @@[@@*He points at a nearby pigeon.*@@]@@

**[Dr. Juniper Marigold](scp-4208):** Ah, can you use some restraint?

**Diamond:** Oh, come on. Why?

**Marigold:** We don't want to scare them off, or worse -- get attacked. Please?

**Diamond:** @@[@@*He groans.*@@]@@ Hey, excuse me! Can you understand me?

@@[@@*A nearby pigeon cranes its neck.*@@]@@

**Pip:** What?

**Diamond:** So you can, great! @@[@@*He sighs.*@@]@@ Listen, can we talk to you?

**Pip:** @@[@@*She slumps her head away from him.*@@]@@ Why?

**Marigold:** We have some questions about why there are so many of you at Kanz Park.

**Pip:** Oh, no. You cannot. @@[@@*She hops away.*@@]@@

**Diamond:** Look, it won't take that long. We just... @@[@@*He clasps his hands together.*@@]@@ Well, we wanted your perspective on there being so many birds here.

**Pip:** @@[@@*She stops and turns around, and then pauses.*@@]@@ What happened to your face?

**Diamond:** Listen here–

**Marigold:** Stan, it's a pigeon. Don't let it get to you.

@@[@@*Dr. Marigold sits on the ground. Pip approaches her.*@@]@@

**Marigold:** What is your name?

**Pip:** Pip.

**Marigold:** So Pip, if you speak with us, we can reimburse you for your time. How does that sound?

@@[@@*Dr. Marigold pulls out a Ziploc bag from her satchel and reveals sunflower seeds. Pip nears the doctor.*@@]@@

**Marigold:** Why did you come here?

**Pip:** @@[@@*She hesitates, and then pecks at the ground.*@@]@@ Food.

**Diamond:** Food? Can you be a bit more specific?

**Pip:** Food. Thoth promised food. Thoth said something of great value was here, and it was food.

**Marigold:** How is the food here so much more valuable compared to food in other places?

**Pip:** Because Thoth said the power it possesses would change bird-kind for the better. @@[@@*She ruffles her feathers.*@@]@@ And it has.

**Marigold:** I see. Thank you for talking to us.

@@[@@*Dr. Marigold places birdseed on the ground and recoils. Pip snatches up the seed and walks away.*@@]@@

**Marigold:** Was that so difficult?

**Diamond:** I hate birds.

---

= **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

**II. Extended Communications**

Though the study of E-08298 occurred mainly through Foundation plants within Cairo's Parks and Recreation Department, Site-76's Command Office found it necessary to assume control over the project. Starting in late April 2014, several budgetary and personnel cuts were made. Site-76's administration eventually declared the anomaly as self-containing. After issuing the current Special Containment Procedures, site officials ordered the Foundation Parazoology Division personnel to cease their operations.

Internal correspondences were transmitted during this time.

<details>
<summary>   ▷ Site-76 correspondences</summary>

= **OFFICE OF TACTICAL THEOLOGY**

### STOP WORK ORDER 4795.001

---

Under the Command of Site-76 Assistant Director Soliman al-Ghali, the Tactical Theology Office has been granted full control over Kanz Park and will undergo immediate occupation for reasons of the reclamation of a Beirut-Tier religious artifact. All associated Foundation personnel within the **Parazoology Division** are to vacate the premises for the undertaking of an important archaeological survey.

As well, E-08298 is pending reclassification to SCP-4795. Per SCP Re-Designation, a dedicated containment team is to be deployed to secure the area and put down any avian threats in opposition to the protection of civilians.

  

    

    

    

*Teodor Yevgeniy*

*Tactical Theology Liaison*

2014/05/14

    

  

---

= **AVIAN DIVISION**

---

With all due respect, the Parazoology Division and I have diligently worked over the last two months to ensure Kanz Park is not a warzone. We have made promises to Sergeant Nour and his fellow citizens that we would interfere no longer, and in exchange, they would remain only within the park's premises. In fact, it *had* been a warzone before we stepped in -- before *I* stepped in. I cannot advocate for the sloppy handling of this situation for reasons of a zealous goal directly in opposition to our matters here.

I strongly urge that you reconsider. I will take the matter of this *unwarranted militaristic interference* in Kanz Park into my own wings if you do not.

  

    

    

    

*Dr. Guenevere Goshawk*

*Avian Division Official Envoy*

2014/05/15

    

  

---

= **OFFICE OF TACTICAL THEOLOGY**

---

We don't take orders from birds.

  

    

    

    

*Teodor Yevgeniy*

*Tactical Theology Liaison*

2014/05/16

    

  

</details>

---

**III. Incident Log**

### INCIDENT LOG 4795-ALEPH

---

On the early morning of May 18, 2014, archaeological surveyors arrived on the premises of Kanz Park with dowsing equipment to locate a suspected Beirut-Tier religious artifact. During this time, SCP-4795-1 instances evaded archaeologists and perched in high locations around the park. Archaeologists soon determined that an artifact was located beneath the center of the park and began excavation. SCP-4795-1 instances fled the park.

On May 25, archaeologists located a clay statue of an ibis bird wielding a long, narrow, and gold and beryllium bronze ankh staff in its beak. When the site supervisor deemed the excavation pit stable, workers descended to retrieve the artifact by hand but found that visibility in the pit had reduced dramatically.

A large flock of an estimated 30,000 pigeons amassed above the park and attacked.

Most pigeons surrounded Kanz Park to prevent workers from leaving, while others defecated from a high altitude. In response, the containment team attempted to enter the park but met extreme opposition and experienced extensive injuries. In the resulting commotion, the artifact's whereabouts could not be located. Within the hour, the pigeons evaded Kanz Park with minor casualties.

Though the artifact had been lost, the containment team managed to secure several SCP-4795-1 instances and relocated them to Site-76 for study. Agents discovered that SCP-4795-1 instance “Sgt. Nour” was among the captured pigeons and intended on carrying out an interrogation. However, without the proper avian communications equipment (which was under the possession of the Parazoology Division), no further actions could be taken.

On May 30, through correspondence with the Mediterranean Regional Command, Envoy Dr. Guenevere Goshawk requested to assist with the interrogation. Dr. Goshawk was transported to Site-76 with diplomatic clearance.

<details>
<summary>   ▷ Interview 4795.1</summary>

**NOTE:** Containment staff had placed Sgt. Nour in a cage prior to his interrogation.

---

= **[BEGIN LOG]**

---

**Dr. Guenevere Goshawk:** Hello again, Sergeant. It has been quite some time.

**Sgt. Nour:** @@[@@*He slumps his head and covers his face with a wing.*@@]@@ Now that you sport your true feathers, I see just how odious you are. With that fast-talking beak, explain why *I* am sitting here in this cage and *you* are out there -- flying free!

**Goshawk:** It was with my charge that you and your fellow pigeons would be protected. I failed my duty. I'm sorry. But now–

**Nour:** @@[@@*He jumps at the cage.*@@]@@ Odor on your tongue and still you beg. Go on, then -- beg! You will be begging from a perch in the Underworld! Feel its wrath and cry out for the Sacred One. Face a thousand birds of prey, and only with his mirth may your apology be accepted. But not by me!

**Goshawk:** Advise me, then. What is the real reasoning behind Thoth's dominion over Kanz Park? It is *not* just for food, is it?

@@[@@*Sgt. Nour stares in silence.*@@]@@

**Goshawk:** You are inside this cage, not me. I am working for your freedom, but no one else. Why do you think I've come here -- to taunt you? For what purpose?

@@[@@*Sgt. Nour continues to stare.*@@]@@

**Goshawk:** I am not your enemy. I am just like you. @@[@@*She hops closer to the cage and speaks in a low tone.*@@]@@ Look at what humans do to your kind. Around the world, in places just like Kanz Park, they see you as filth. Here in Cairo, they train and race you like sport. They breed your brothers, sisters, and cousins in pens, and then they treat *you* as the food. They eat *you*.

@@[@@*Sgt. Nour squawks.*@@]@@

**Goshawk:** I don't do any of that. If I had my way, *all* the humans and birds of this world would flock together.

**Nour:** But they do not have wings! They cannot seek food as I can.

**Goshawk:** @@[@@*She pauses.*@@]@@ You're right. But they have something you do not. They don't have to seek food as you do -- they can make their own.

**Nour:** Heresy! @@[@@*He leaps from his perch and jumps around.*@@]@@ How? If you seek no food, you will have no crumbs of bread inside your head. How can they do this?

**Goshawk:** I had a feeling you would want to know. That's the only *real* difference between you and them, I think. You don't know how to make food of your own, so you take the food of others. That is how odor and deceit find their way in -- because you don't know any better.

**Nour:** This is not from Thoth. Where did you get this?

@@[@@*Dr. Goshawk lowers her neck and peers through the cage at his eye level.*@@]@@

**Goshawk:** I can teach you.

---

= **[END LOG]**

---

**CLOSING REMARKS:** *I want to take some SCP-4795-1 instances under my wing. I can teach them how to become more civilized. Whether that leads them to relinquish your artifact is none of my concern. The stability of their flock, however, is.*

*I realize now that Nour and his pigeons would never be content with just food. No, they seek knowledge, too -- they just don't know it yet. If you let me recruit them, I can prove that we do not need* “divine intervention” *to achieve greatness.*

*[I believe it's in our nature as birds to seek it ourselves.](bird)*

--Dr. Guenevere Goshawk

*Avian Division Envoy*

</details>

---

= << [SCP-4794](SCP-4794) | SCP-4795 | [SCP-4796](SCP-4796) >>

=====

> **Filename:** pigeon-protection.jpg

> **Name:** Feral pigeons, Taiwan - panoramio (1846).jpg

> **Author:** [https:*web.archive.org/web/20161016235642/https:*www.panoramio.com/user/2911866?with_photo_id=45209374 caich]

> **License:** [Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Feral_pigeons,_Taiwan_-_panoramio_(1846).jpg)

> **Filename:** DoTT_trans.png

> **Name:** Department of Tactical Theology Logo

> **Author:** 

> **License:** [Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-SA 3.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)

> **Source Link:** [SCP-4531 - SCP Foundation](https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-4795/DoTT_trans.png)

> **Note:** Edited by . Made transparent.

=====
