**SCP-4751** - Bed Angel by 

**[More by this author](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/tingfeng1999-author-page)**

This article contains depictions of unhealthy relationships, gender discrimination, child abuse, and suicide. Viewer discretion is advised.

**Special Containment Procedures:**

As of 28/10/2022, the joint statement of the O5 council and the Ethics Committee identified the general activity of SCP-4751 as beneficial to both the continuity of the human race and the preservation of individuals with highly valuable creative skills. SCP-4751 shall not be contained until the annual mortality rate of global underage population due to neglect and mistreatment falls below 0.05/100,000.

As SCP-4751 is informationally self-containing due to the high difficulty in obtaining valid evidence of its manifestations, current Foundation efforts focus on tracking any graphic or video evidence of SCP-4751 manifestations and preventing them from circulating among the public. Amnestic treatment is only administered when a subject who came into contact with SCP-4751 displays an overwhelmingly negative emotional response towards the encounter or actively threatens the secrecy of SCP-4751 containment.

**Description:**

SCP-4751 is a female humanoid entity with inconsistent physical appearance. Current documentation of SCP-4751 encounters indicate that SCP-4751 manifests before its intended subject under the appearance of the female figure capable of providing the greatest amount of emotional security, trust, and physical comfort under the subject's perception. Based on the subject's circumstances, SCP-4751 has been shown to visually resemble one or more female parents, relatives, fictional characters, celebrities, or a non-existent female. During all documented manifestations, SCP-4751 is seen wearing a plain white robe of unidentified material, which has no trace of tailoring and adhesives.

SCP-4751 possesses the limited ability to teleport and thaumaturgically reconstruct itself to travel from one place to another. When there are no active or direct observers except its intended subject, SCP-4751 manifests within a 5 m radius of the subject's bed to remove them from dangerous situations, perform first-aid, provide emotional comfort or basic needs by utilizing resources within the building, often before the subject is expected to expire in a short amount of time. SCP-4751 displays a generally benevolent personality, often recorded to be smiling during its manifestations. SCP-4751 refrains from speech and physical contact, except to a degree necessary to care for its intended subject.

The intended subject of SCP-4751 must fulfill at least one of the following criteria, and the probability of an SCP-4751 manifestation occurring significantly increases with each additional criterion fulfilled:

# Subject is under the age of 18

# Subject has one or fewer parents

# Subject is a victim of neglect, emotional and/or physical abuse

# Subject is a victim of bullying, discrimination, and/or social isolation

# Subject is under treatment for serious injuries or diseases

# Subject has a psychological profile consistent with a benevolent personality

# Subject has shown great interest and abilities in performing artistic activities, such as painting, dancing, and composing music

# Subject is highly skilled in producing original, unusual, and adaptable problem-solving concepts

# Subject dreams frequently in sleep

Due to the high difficulty of tracking SCP-4751 activity, the time and location patterns of its manifestations are currently undetermined. SCP-4751 claims to be unable to utilize its anomalous abilities except to access its intended subjects, with current documentation supporting its statement.

Further analysis of global social media mentions and rumours about possible SCP-4751 manifestations indicates that the activity of SCP-4751 actively reduces the mortality rate of its intended subject groups, especially the underage population in regions with lower child safety awareness. Although the majority of SCP-4751 manifestations target children, SCP-4751 has also been documented to assist adults under mistreatment, self-neglect, or undetected health issues.

**Addendum 01: SCP-4751 Incident 19 Video Log**

<details>
<summary>Open Document</summary>

**Incident #:** 19

**Item #:** SCP-4751

**Video Filename:** SMARTCAM_MARIATHIELMAN_BABYROOM_07-11-2019.mp4

**Date:** 07/11/2019

**Foreword:**

Bob Thielman (male, 1-year-old) was left unsupervised by an adult in the baby room within the residence of his mother, Maria Thielman, in Sydney, Australia. A surveillance camera connected to the cloud drive was installed in the baby room. The camera was functioning properly and actively recording during the incident.

**<Begin Log>**

30 minutes after being left unsupervised, the subject looked up from his plushies and chew toys and started gazing around the room in confusion, presumably searching for his mother.

1 hour after being left unsupervised, the subject started crawling around his bed in circles, making incoherent gurgling and giggling sounds in the process. Subject soon rolled off the bed onto the floor but sustained no injuries.

2 hours after being left unsupervised, the subject lay down still on the floor and started crying. Yellowish liquid stains were starting to form on the subject's clothing near the groin area.

2 hours and 30 minutes after being left unsupervised, the crying of the subject was barely audible. The subject was visibly exhausted and pale.

4 hours and 10 minutes after being left unsupervised, the subject stopped crying and started to lose consciousness. SCP-4751 manifested in the room 1m beside the subject's bed under the physical appearance of Maria Thielman. SCP-4751 picked up the subject and place him on the bed, then proceeded to exit the room.

3 minutes after the manifestation, SCP-4751 returned to the room with a baby bottle filled with milk, presumably obtained from the kitchen of the residence. SCP-4751 approached the subject and gently massaged his philtrum, humming a song in an unidentifiable language during the process. After the subject regained consciousness, SCP-4751 proceeded to feed the subject using the previously obtained items.

10 minutes after the manifestation, the subject finished feeding and his state of health visibly improved. SCP-4751 picked up the subject and began gently patting his back. After the subject released a satisfied burp, SCP-4751 placed the subject back onto the bed, retrieving a clean set of clothes, a towel, and a new diaper from the cabinet in the room. SCP-4751 proceeded to remove the subject's dirty clothes, pausing briefly in silence before starting to clean the subject using the towel.

15 minutes after the manifestation, SCP-4751 finished putting on the new diaper and clean clothes for the subject. SCP-4751 knelt down beside the bed with a smile and started humming the previous song again until the subject eventually fell asleep. SCP-4751's facial expression turned solemn before demanifesting from the room.

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:**

Maria Thielman returned to the residence after leaving Bob Thielman unsupervised for 6 hours, who was still asleep when she returned. Later investigation revealed that Maria Thielman never remotely accessed the live video feed from the surveillance camera during her absence. 3 months later, Maria Thielman's former husband, Nick Barrington, reported her to the local welfare department for actively neglecting their child.

1 year later, Nick Barrington obtained the custody of Bob Thielman and renamed him as Bob Barrington. The Foundation managed to remove all video evidence of SCP-4751 manifestation from the Thielman residence, which was approved by the Ethics Committee due to the sufficiency of other evidence for Bob Barrington's case.

</details>

**Addendum 02: Site-612Foundation site in Malaysia. Staff Canteen Security Camera Video Log**

<details>
<summary>Open Document</summary>

**Video Filename:** SITE-612_STAFF-CANTEEN_18-06-2021.mp4

**Date:** 18/06/2021

**Timestamp:** 08:35:00 – 09:00:30

**Involved Personnel:**

Dr. Tyler Guo (Level 4 Researcher, Staff of the Humanoid Anomaly Research Team)

Dr. Azizul Rahman (Level 3 Researcher, Staff of the Biochemical Anomaly Research Team)

Dr. Sabrina Redwood (Level 3 Researcher, Leader of the Thaumaturgical Anomaly Research Team)

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Guo:** Sabrina! (Puts down fork and waves at Dr. Redwood)

**Dr. Redwood:** Hi, Tyler. (Sits down beside Dr. Guo and Dr. Tyler with her food tray) It's rare to see you here so early. I heard they assigned you to a new skip, so I'm surprised you didn't have to do overtime to catch up.

**Dr. Rahman:** (Takes a sip from a glass of watermelon juice) Well, as far as I know, he wakes up late all the time because he can't stop playing games.

**Dr. Guo:** (Pretending to slam the table in anger) How dare you, Azizul Rahman! Questioning my professionality and personal life?

**Dr. Rahman:** I'm just concerned about the increasing possibility of you dying young, Tyler. You have a wife and kids, so make sure you don't have a stroke or heart attack anytime soon.

**Dr. Guo:** (Scoffs) Says the man working around the clock just to poke his nose around my projects. (Gestures at Sabrina) Why don't you ask how Sabrina's doing?

**Dr. Rahman:** I know the topic has strayed, Tyler, but don't you dare to run.

**Dr. Guo:** No, I'm serious. (Looks at Dr. Redwood solemnly) Did something come up? You look like shit, buddy. I didn't know there was a new project on your end.

(Silence for 5 seconds)

**Dr. Redwood:** I'm… (Sighs) I'm alright, guys. (Rubs her temples) It's just a migraine. It was my mom's birthday. I… flew back to L.A. to check on her. Just came back last night.

**Dr. Rahman:** (Sighs) We talked about this, Sabrina. I'm pretty sure the flight and the drive are not the only reasons you look so… destroyed.

**Dr. Guo:** What did she do?

**Dr. Redwood:** Come on, guys, it's not a big deal. I'm… used to it.

**Dr. Rahman:** Just because you're used to it doesn't mean it's fine.

**Dr. Guo:** If you don't tell us, I'm gonna call Dr. Aisya. She's gonna be so mad if she knew you snuck out to see that bitch again.

**Dr. Redwood:** Don't call her that! (Silent for 8 seconds) Fine. (Sighs) She… did all the usual. Told the nurses to leave, yelling at me for being useless and not a son, throwing things… (Sigh) She threw the cake in my face.

**Dr. Rahman:** (Pinches the ridge of his nose and mutters Islamic prayers)

**Dr. Guo:** For god's sake, Sabrina. I can't comprehend how you can pay for someone like her to stay in some five-star retirement home. If I have a say in it, she doesn't deserve shit. She's nice to everyone else and treats you like shit, right? Just… let her be! Let someone else celebrate her fucking birthday!

**Dr. Redwood:** But -

**Dr. Guo:** How you could stand her for 30 years is beyond me, Sabrina, but you have to stop. You got her a nice place to live, with nice people to take care of her, she's not gonna starve or something, and that's it! Mission accomplished!

**Dr. Rahman:** Sabrina. Listen. I know how you feel about all this. My culture also thinks it's important to care for your parents, but I have to agree with him. You've done enough. One can only give so much love when it's not mutual. It's wearing you thin, Sabrina, your eyes can't lie.

**Dr. Redwood:** No! You don't get it! She… (Sighs) She loves me, she just doesn't know how to show it. I've seen it.

**Dr. Rahman:** How can you be so sure?

**Dr. Redwood:** (Grumbles while burying her face in her palms) I… it's hard to explain. And I really don't wanna talk about it. Can we just… eat and get back to work, please?

(Silence for 10 seconds)

**Dr. Rahman:** (Pats Dr. Redwood on the shoulder) Well, cross the bridge when you get there, will you? (Sigh) We have another 20 minutes or something. Better hurry.

(Dr. Rahman, Guo, and Redwood proceed to eat for the next 15 minutes)

**Dr. Redwood:** (Coughs) Guys, I'm… (Sighs) Sorry about that. I'm just… I need to figure this out on my own.

**Dr. Guo:** Ah, come on. I thought we were friends!

(Dr. Rahman nudges Dr. Guo and throws him a glare)

(Dr. Guo glares back and falls silent)

**Dr. Redwood:** Anyway. (Coughs) I'm curious about the new skip they assigned to you, Tyler. Are you allowed to tell us something about it?

**Dr. Guo:** Well, it's generic Level 3 clearance, so I guess it's fine. Basically, it's a woman who can appear and disappear from different places to help people. Children, mostly.

**Dr. Redwood:** Hmph. Some specifics?

**Dr. Guo:** From what we have right now, seems like she can change her looks into any woman who looks after the subject. Can be a combo of more than one. Most of the time it's their mom.

(Dr. Redwood suddenly stops eating, her facial expression turning stiff)

**Dr. Rahman:** What if no woman took care of the child? Who will she turn into?

**Dr. Guo:** Some random woman, I guess. The others think it might be from a book or a movie or something, whatever makes the kid feel safe. I guess she's a better parent than a lot of people these days. (Glances sideways at Dr. Redwood)

**Dr. Rahman:** Interesting. What about her attire? Does it follow the woman she turns into?

**Dr. Guo:** Nah. It's some kind of weird white dress. Never seen anything like it.

**Dr. Redwood:** (Weak voice) Tyler?

**Dr. Rahman:** So it's not from any known culture or fashion?

**Dr. Redwood:** Tyler.

**Dr. Guo:** Erm… yeah?

**Dr. Redwood:** We're almost late now. Can you… send me a link to the skip's file? I… want to check it out later.

**Dr. Guo:** Um, sure. It's SCP-4751, I think. You can probably find it in the Clearance 3 database, it's not restricted.

**Dr. Redwood:** (Smiles weakly) Thanks. See you guys at lunch.

(Dr. Redwood rises from her seat and quickly leaves. Dr. Guo and Rahman are confused, shrugging among themselves before following suit.)

**<End Log>**

</details>

**Addendum 03: SCP-4751 Interview Log**

<details>
<summary>Open Document</summary>

**Interviewed:** SCP-4751

**Interviewer:** Dr. Sabrina Redwood (Level 3 Researcher, Leader of Site-612 Thaumaturgical Anomaly Research Team)

**Foreword:**

After joining the research team of SCP-4751, Dr. Redwood proposed Project Deb-Legna, utilizing the thaumaturgical landline energy matrix cage to attempt containment of SCP-4751. Project Deb-Legna was approved by Site-612 director Yusuf Hukum after Dr. Redwood submitted a comprehensive report on SCP-4751's thaumaturgical self-reconstruction ability.

With the assistance of SITIWeb crawler software developed by Site-612, recently upgraded to include the capability to track and profile civilians exposed to anomalies., the Project Deb-Legna team managed to track multiple civilian subjects in Southeast Asia as possible targets of SCP-4751 manifestations.

On 04/03/2022, SCP-4751 manifested within the residence of Karim Juniana. SCP-4751 was stopping the daughter of Karim Juniana, Minah Juniana (female, 6 months old), from touching the exposed wire of a router before the Project Deb-Legna team successfully trapped the entity within the thaumaturgical landline energy matrix cage. SCP-4751 was transported to Site-612 and secured in Humanoid Containment Chamber 36 for questioning.

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Redwood:** Hello, SCP-4751. (Silent for 5 seconds) We meet again.

(SCP-4751 looks up and smiles at Dr. Redwood)

**Dr. Redwood:** (Narrows her eyebrows) My name is Seliana Redwood, lead researcher of the investigation on your activities. You have been… uncooperative ever since we have you in containment. I… We have some very important questions that we will do whatever it takes to get the answers to.

(SCP-4751 gazes sadly at Dr. Redwood)

**Dr. Redwood:** So far, there is no evidence that you did any harm to the subjects you manifested to. Your general activity is… helpful, from the view of my superiors, but I think it is important to know your intention considering how you can travel anywhere with ease.

**SCP-4751:** Please, you have to let me go.

**Dr. Redwood:** What?

**SCP-4751:** Please let me go. They need me.

**Dr. Redwood:** So you're finally speaking. Why now? Why do you help those children? What benefits do you get by doing all this? To gain their trust? To… remain in their memories?

**SCP-4751:** Does helping those in need require benefit?

**Dr. Redwood:** You're an anomaly. We don't allow anomalies near children without knowing exactly what they are, and what they are up to.

**SCP-4751:** It is my duty to help them, Sabrina. Children, and those who are still a child at heart. It is not a duty I was born with, but a duty I gladly accept.

**Dr. Redwood:** Someone told you to do this? Who are you working for?

**SCP-4751:** All the gods who care about you.

**Dr. Redwood:** Who are they, SCP-4751? Did they give you your abilities?

**SCP-4751:** I cannot use them except to perform my duty. Please, do not worry. Let me go before more of them are lost.

**Dr. Redwood:** You say your duty is to save children, but obviously not all of them. Children still die all over the world. Do you save them out of some… criteria? Do you think some kinds of children are more… worthy to save?

**SCP-4751:** I am so sorry, Sabrina, but you have to let me go.

(SCP-4751 refuses to speak for the rest of the interview)

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:**

SCP-4751 refused to speak to any personnel for the remaining time in containment. The mental state of Dr. Sabrina Redwood significantly deteriorated after the interview with SCP-4751, and she was instructed to undergo a psychological evaluation by Dr. Aisya Mahmud.

During the 5 days in which SCP-4751 remained in containment, the mortality rate of the global underage population due to neglect and mistreatment increased from 2.58/100,000 to 8.25/100,000. The O5 council and the Ethics Committee ordered SCP-4751 to be released from containment until further notice.

</details>

**Addendum 04: Personal Note of Dr. Sabrina Redwood**

<details>
<summary>Open Document</summary>

Dr. Aisya,

 _

 _

By the time you read this note, I won't be around anymore. I'm so, so sorry for having you be the first one to know because I couldn't bear to tell Tyler and Azizul. I owe them too much.

I've always thought my mum actually loved me, you know? Even if she beats me up, hangs me on a fan, calls me a bitch, and tells me every single day that she would rather have a son instead. People from the old days are all a bit crazy, right? They tuck in all the love and show you their terrible things. None of you can talk me out of it.

Because I saw her there, Dr. She was there, beside my bed, smiling at me. So gently… Even if she's the one who locked me in that room for two days in the first place. I was so sure it was her. She cooked me the best meal I've ever had in 7 years and wished me happy birthday. She forgot to feed me for the past two days, and she forgot about the pink piggie toy she promised to get for me, but it's okay. She didn't wear those dirty clothes that smelled like beer and shit. She put on a nice, white dress for me. For my special day.

I was so happy. Too happy. Happy enough to let her treat me like trash for the rest of my life.

Until I found out it wasn't her.

It was that skip. That fucking skip. My life, my dreams, my feelings… They are all for nothing. That woman never loved me. I was a fucking idiot all along. I swallowed up all her shit and thought it was the right thing to do, but hell, I sound so much like Tyler now. That bastard was right all along.

I'm so sorry. I can't live like this anymore. All my struggles, all my self-justification, are nothing. She's right - I am a piece of trash. A stupid piece of trash that thought it was made of gold inside.

Goodbye, and please be well. Don't cry for me because I don't deserve it.

 _

 _

Sabrina

</details>

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

**Addendum 05: SCP-4751 Incident 35 Audio Log**

<details>
<summary>Open Document</summary>

**Incident #:** 35

**Item #:** SCP-4751

**Video Filename:** CLOUD_SABRINAREDWOOD_ROOM1_07-11-2019.mp4

**Date:** 10/03/2022

**Foreword:**

The video was recorded by the surveillance camera installed in the bedroom of Dr. Sabrina Redwood in her residence. The camera was highly damaged due to the lack of maintenance, causing the video recorded to be heavily corrupted. The technical team from Site-612 was able to recover the recorded audio.

**<Begin Log>**

(Dr. Redwood sobs and mutters quietly for 5 minutes)

(A series of clicking sounds is heard, presumably Dr. Redwood loading bullets into her pistol and unlocking the safety)

(Silence for 2 minutes)

**Dr. Redwood:** Wh –

(A series of heavy thudding is heard, followed by the clattering sound of Dr. Redwood's pistol falling onto the floor)

**SCP-4751:** Sabrina, please. Don't throw your life away so recklessly.

(A series of grunting and clothes rustling are heard)

**Dr. Redwood:** …What the fuck? What is this supposed to mean?

**SCP-4751:** It's not worth it, Sabrina. You still have a long way to go. There is no need to put everything to a stop because of her.

**Dr. Redwood:** Fuck! Let go of me! You lied to me! You made me believe in that bitch!

**SCP-4751:** I thought it would make you feel happy, make you feel safe… You did, at that moment, but all I gave you next was pain. I am so sorry.

**Dr. Redwood:** Why me? Why did you save me? If I knew I was gonna waste so many fucking years… I would rather be dead.

**SCP-4751:** Because there were stars in your eyes, Sabrina. And they are still there. You don't deserve what was done to you, and you can do so much more.

**Dr. Redwood:** Like what? Be a masochistic idiot?

**SCP-4751:** You caught me, Sabrina. Many tried and no one did, except you. You are so good at what you do. Even if your workplace is cold, you still make some really good friends. Your friends love you; they love you, and I love you too. The only thing you need to learn is to love yourself.

(Silence for 1 minute)

**Dr. Redwood:** …You broke some of your own rules to come to me, didn't you? Are they going to punish you?

(Dr. Redwood starts sobbing and muttering, followed by a loud thump presumed to be Dr. Redwood falling onto her knees)

**Dr. Redwood:** I'm sorry… I'm so sorry…

**SCP-4751:** Come here, my child.

(A soft thud and clothes rustling are heard)

**SCP-4751:** You are going to be alright.

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:**

After Dr. Tyler Guo and Dr. Azizul Rahman arrived at Dr. Sabrina Redwood's house, SCP-4751 immediately demanifested. Dr. Redwood was subjected to 2 months of mandatory leave and weekly therapy sessions with Site-612's chief psychologist, Dr. Aisya Mahmud, to address her psychological well-being.

As of Incident 35, the Clearance Level required to access all information regarding SCP-4751 was increased from 3 to 4. Only Level 3 staff who work directly under the research team of SCP-4751 can be given restricted access on a need-to-know basis.

 _

 _

Personal Note of Dr. Aisya:

I noticed how Sabrina's reactions were weird in the recording when SCP-4751 showed up and asked her about it. Turns out the lady in white showed up with Sabrina's own face! That must be wild.

</details>

 _

=====

> **Filename:** Archon.png

> **Author:** JosephJoestar

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scpsandboxcn.wikidot.com/local--files/kksk/Archon

=====

<< [SCP-4750](SCP-4750) | SCP-4751 | [SCP-4752](SCP-4752) >>
