**Item #:** SCP-4074

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** All specimens of SCP-4074-2 are to be contained in the Botanical Section on Site-31. Access to each specimen is limited to Level 3 and above personnel, and is strictly for research purposes only.

Currently, SCP-4074-1 is being contained in the onsite ~~infirmary~~ ICU for anomalous humanoids. As soon as subject is physically and mentally fit or an interview, any qualified personnel in the immediate vicinity is authorized to begin interrogating the subject. 

**Update:** On 5/11/18, subject has ceased all life functions. On Dr. Evalo’s approved request, the cadaver of SCP-4074-1 is to be sent to his department for his ongoing research regarding anomalous humanoids.

**Description:** SCP-4074-2 is an anomalous plant, superficially and genetically similar to *Phalaenopsis blume*. Aside from its unusual growth rateSCP-4074-2 grows twice as fast compared to its normal species counterpart., the specimen’s significant anomalous properties manifests when it enters its reproductive cycle. 

Approximately two weeks after its bud has developed, a glowing revolving gas, closely resembling that of a miniature nebula, will grow around the bud whose diameter and luminosity will grow exponentially, relative to the growth of the bud. Test results shows that the gas is composed of helium and hydrogenWhy the gases glow and are unaffected by gravity is still unknown..  

Approximately two weeks after its initial appearance, the gas, which usually have an average maximum diameter and luminosity of 35 cm and 280 lm, respectively, will instantaneously collapse in on itself, creating a solid six cm sized glowing orb that usually has an average temperature and luminosity of 34°C and 500 lm, respectively. 

The orb will emit a steady output of light and heat for seven to ten days before it will begin to steadily and completely decrease both in output and activity, leaving behind a spherical pod of the same diameter. When pried open, the pod will always contain three 1.2 cm sized seeds that when planted will grow into another instance of SCP-4074-2. 

Research in imitating the specimen’s "bioluminescence" to create a cheap and alternative biologically-based light source is currently underway. Qualified researchers may submit an application to Dr. Leara.

SCP-4074-1 is an emaciated Caucasian male, 1.75 m in height and 46 kg in weight. Excluding its initial discovery and the following ICU incident, no further activity or properties from or related to the subject is deemed anomalous. (Refer to addenda "History" and "ICU".)

**Addendum/History:**
<details>
<summary>Open File</summary>

On 6/1/18, local news about a cut-down tree bleeding blood was detected during a standard Foundation information sweep. After a sample taken by an agent confirmed that the blood was indeed human in origin, the tree was quarantined with the cover story that the blood coloration was actually a mutated tree sap that could possibly be toxic. Foundation manufactured samples were given to the local biologists to avoid suspicion. After test results showed mild toxicity, Foundation agents, disguised as international biologist and botanists were given permission to remove all traces of the tree. Upon excavation of the stump, a thicker root was discovered to be originating from a hand of an unconscious SCP-4074-1 who was contained in a cement casing 1.83 x 0.46 x 0.61 m, with his right hand protruding outside of the casingThe group/organization responsible for encasing the subject is still unknown. The case itself is normal and no signs or marks that can be used to identify its source is visible.. When subject was confirmed to be still living, SCP-4074-1, after receiving authorization from HQ, was safely extracted and discreetly rushed to the nearest Foundation site.

</details>

**Addendum/ICU Incident:**
<details>
<summary>Open File</summary>

Further investigation of the subject revealed that all of its orifices were surgically sewn shut. The treeDespite the tree's size, its growth rings suggest that it is only four years old.  grew from subject’s hand which collected water, nutrients, and oxygen which it delivered to the subject as a form of sustenanceExactly how these process worked is still unclear.. An unknown solid object was discovered in the subject’s stomach which, upon authorization, was surgically removed. Upon the object's removal, SCP-4074-1 suddenly became active and agitated, repeatedly shoutingAt the expense of lacerating the subject's lips. the following words,

//GIVE IT TO ME!

I NEED TO GIVE IT TO THEM!

 SWALLOWED IT UP TO HIDE IT!

GIVE IT BACK!//

Immediately after a few minutes of struggling and screaming in its restraints, subject started to violently convulse and became unconscious. Subject has shown no signs of consciousness ever since.

</details>

**Addendum/OOI:** 
<details>
<summary>Open File</summary>

The object acquired from the subject's stomach was discovered to be two rolled up envelopes, encased in plastic designated as OOI (Object of Interest) 1 (external) and 2 (internal).

**OOI 1**

As OOI 1 was more exposed to the subject's stomach fluids, it has suffered significantly more damage compared to OOI 2 which was located in the interior of the roll.

The content of the letter is transcribed below.

> **Note:** *Due to the damages sustained by the letter, some characters are either missing or illegible. The legible letters are transcribed as it is located on the letter.* 

>

> ~~-~~-

>

>

>

>

>

>

> 

> Hellohidden sweetie, I’m sorry that daddy wasn’table to come to your party.

> I know I promised you that I will be there but work is keeping daddy really busy. I’m really sorry sweetie but don’t worry because I have a surprise for you.

> Remember that time when we went to the sunflower farm and you were so disappointed because the flowers didn’t glow. Well guess what?You see those seeds? Just plant them and wait for it to flower. I know how much you like gardening and space, so I added a little surprise there. You’ll just have to wait and see. 

> Daddy is very, very sorry again sweetie but remember this, daddy will always, ALWAYS love you. 

> Why? Because you’re daddy’s  precious little sunshine.

> I love  you Lyla, and happy birthday!”

**OOI 2**

OOI 2 is a small slightly damaged brown envelope containing a letter, which was undamaged, and 3 seeds of SCP-4074-2 contained within a small plastic pouch.

The content of the letter is transcribed below. 

> I’m sorry.

>  I know that it is not enough but I truly am sorry. 

> I love you, 

> I love both of you, and I know this is not the life that I promised you.

>  I needed to leave because THEY were getting close and that would have put you both in danger.

> If you're tired of hiding and running, I'll understand if you leave. You deserve a better man. 

> But please, PLEASE, don't hide her from me. Don't make her hate me. 

> This world is dark and cruel but somehow, with her, it's a little bit brighter and warmer. 

> Please, don't take my little sunshine away.

</details>

<< [SCP-4073](SCP-4073) | SCP-4074 | [SCP-4075](SCP-4075) >>
