.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: hsl(266, 100%, 25%); }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px purple}

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Ruslan+Display');

.shadow {

    font-family: 'Ruslan Display', cursive;

    font-size: 110%;

}

**SCP-4230** - The Redacted Fanon Wiki

[For more stories in my verse check here](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/sytycfanon)

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-78

Leah Richter

Greg Chudley

Sigma-27 ("Copyright Trolls")

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation web crawlers are to hack and install firewalls within ISPs across the globe to block access to SCP-4230 while tracing IPs of those who have editing privileges on the website. Once an editor has been identified, MTF Sigma-27 ("Copyright Trolls") is to be deployed to capture the editor and retrieve any device about the operation of the wiki.

Due to SCP-4230 affecting all current copies of an affected media, Foundation agents embedded in production companies are to release press statements when a fictional medium is converted into SCP-4230-A, explaining it as a new update to existing digital work. If the media is unable to be affected by the digital patch, Foundation web crawlers are to spread non-anomalous “Mandela effect” memes to sow doubt on the memories of those not affected by instances of SCP-4230-A.

At this current time, widespread amnesticization protocols are not to be adopted due to the sheer number of individuals who would need amnestics as well as the high probability of reinfection upon future media consumption of SCP-4230-A entities.

As of June-6-2021, all methods at the disposal of the Pataphysics Department are to be used in apprehending SCP-4230 admin, PoI-6940 including using protocol "Flame War" Engaging members of GaW through wiki edits to slip their locations . 

**Description:** SCP-4230 is the website https:*[REDACTED]fanon.fandom.com/wiki/Home. It was believed to have been first established on Jan-12-2021 by a member of GoI-5869 "[*https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/gamers-against-weed-hub Gamers Against Weed]": PoI-6940 also known by the handle “PeppaPigsStrongestSoldier1337”. SCP-4230 itself appears like any other Fanon Wiki on the Fandom site, where users can come up with their original characters and post them on the page; creating entire storylines and worlds for existing media.

SCP-4230, through anomalous means, can be used to add fictional characters to any existing work of fiction, provide new details to existing characters, and overall perceptions by the audience of new characters become reality through the wiki's description pages. Those who have previously viewed a work before it was anomalously edited will have no memory of the change until that work is viewed again. 

The following effect will occur upon viewing the modified work that will now be referred to in this document as an SCP-4230-A entity. If a certain perception was specified on SCP-4230, subjects who view SCP-4230-A media will believe that it always existed in its current form and hold any opinion specified on the wiki with only mildly varying results. If no public perception or opinion was included on an SCP-4230 page, subjects will note that they experience a sense of suspicion about the new character and are unsure if they were there before.

If the character was added to a work that has sequels, there is the potential effect that they will also persist through these works granted that the wiki author has specified this. In already existing sequels of a franchise that lack a wiki article, the new characters will be incorporated as though they had been written by the original production team of said sequels.

Standard accounts made on the wiki can edit and make new articles. The Wiki appears to have a form of anomalous spambot protection that prevents articles from being filled with garbage to counter the effects of sabotage. The Wiki also contains rules against having pages with no text on them or without a specified media, and the article will not be published unless it fits the criteria; leaving the article's initial effects intact.

Currently, it is theorized that deletion of the articles would revert SCP-4230-A entities to non-anomalous media; thus, retrieving the servers is a top priority.

> **A note on interaction with [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-3167 SCP-3167]:** Early in our studies with SCP-4230 we wondered if the creation of SCP-4230-A Entities would spur SCP-3167 into attempting to kill them to respect the author's wishes. After contacting Pataphysics Task Force Alpha-4, they informed us that SCP-3167 had left the newly created characters alone. It is currently unknown if SCP-4230 can manipulate SCP-3167 into killing -4230-A entities or existing fictional characters.

> 

> Perhaps 4230 has a memetic effect on the authors in which they believe they are the progenitor of the changes seen in 4230-A entities. Further testing is necessary on this subject.

> - Researcher Chudley.

**Discovery:**  SCP-4230 was discovered on April 1st, 2021 when Dr. Victoria Cerise discussed her weekend with a coworker. Dr. Cerise mentioned she had just rewatched the film, Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope, and spoke positively about a cameo of her favorite character Glup Shitto. Researcher Greg Chudley, being an intermittent Star Wars fan, was a bit confused. He stated that couldn’t remember any character named Glup Shitto, and assumed she was making a joke until Dr. Cerise adamantly defended what she considered to be "the greatest fictional character of her time." A cursory Google search by researcher Chudley discovered a fanon wiki with the exact description provided by Dr. Cerise, including her statement of Glup Shitto being "the greatest fictional character of our time."

Dr. Cerise was then interviewed to determine if she had consumed any other media that had been converted into SCP-4230-A entities to which it was found she hadn’t heard of anything else written on SCP-4230. The fanon wiki was then quickly classified as SCP-4230, and measures were taken at researcher Chudley’s insistence which became the Special Containment Procedures to prevent any more works of fiction from being tampered with.

The following is a list of notable entries taken from the full list of 1768 Entries on the Wiki

* **Media:** The Star Wars Franchise

* **First Appearance:** Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope Special Edition

* **Date of Publishing:** Jan 20, 2021

* **SCP-4230 User:** BasilOregano1977

---

**Description:** Glup Shitto is a background character that initially appears in Star Wars Episode IV, who is of an unidentified alien race in the Star Wars Universe. He is described as being humanoid in shape and having a hole 6 inches in diameter where a human mouth would be. His eyes are located on his pectoral muscles similar to where nipples would be on humans, and otherwise resembling humans in build and shape with minor variations.

Glup Shitto was originally described as having a small cameo lasting seconds in A New Hope, but his role gradually expanded in the Star Wars franchise in such a way that he became a prolific character that led to fans wanting to clap whenever he showed up. This appreciation of an otherwise mundane and boring character is baked into the Wiki article itself and causes Glup Shitto to be perceived as a wildly desirable friend and character.

A summary of appearances is given below to provide an understanding of what kinds of changes can be made possible by SCP-4230.

**Star Wars Episode IV:** Glup Shitto appears in the cantina, scrubbing glasses and mumbling about how "this isn't like it used to be", and points the characters Luke Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi to Han Solo.

**Star Wars Episode V:** Glup Shitto, having found superior employment as a space courier, bumps into Luke Skywalker and takes a shot for him, saving him from Boba Fett and barely surviving thanks to a can of Coca-Cola in his pocket. Coca-Cola is a now canonical beverage in the Star Wars Universe.

**Star Wars Episode VI:** Darth Vader, remembering his friendship with Glup Shitto, decides to turn against the Emperor to save his son.

**Star Wars Episode I:** Kid Glup Shitto is shown to be a good friend of Anakin Skywalker on Tatooine

**Star Wars Episode II:** Glup Shitto, now in young adulthood, is working at Dexter Jettster’s diner and serves Obi-Wan a Coca-Cola.

**Star Wars Episode III:** Glup Shitto, having majored in Political Science at the Chancellor Palpatine School of Political Science (The ChanPalSPSci), appears as a senator during Palpatine’s speech forming the Galactic Empire.

**Star Wars Episode VII:** Glup Shitto, once more down on his luck, sells an entire basket of the drug known as Death Sticks to Rey before being farted on by Chewbacca.

**Star Wars Episode VIII:** Seeing her lifelong friend Glup Shitto flung from a starship, Leia Organa uses the powers of the force to save him instead of herself after being launched into space.

**Star Wars Episode IX:** Glup Shitto "Glups all over" when Palpatine is surprise attacked by him at the climax of the film, allowing the heroes to "unilaterally provide a beatdown of epic proportions".

> **Notes on Containment:** We didn’t have to do much, the author of the page specified that Glup Shitto only appears in the Star Wars Special edition/DVD releases, and thus the original copies were unaffected, which was generally attributed to George Lucas as the source of the changes.

> - Researcher Chudley.

* **Media:** Kamen Rider Blade

* **First Appearance:** Kamen Rider Blade

* **Date of Publishing:** April 7, 2021

* **SCP-4230 User:** Cocaineforhoes2006

---

**Description:** Kamen Rider Gun is now the central rival character in Kamen Rider Blade, replacing Kamen Rider Chalice as the rival for Kazuma Kenzaki. Kamen Rider Gun is an anomaly amongst the Blade riders as he wields a firearm. He is most notable for his catchphrase “You just brought a sword to a gunfight!"

Over the course of the series, he gained one extra form, Kamen Rider Gun Jack Shotgun Form in which he switches from his main weapon the Glock 17 Rouser to the SPAS 12 Rouser.

In the Series Finale, both he and Kazuma swear never to fight having become the Joker Undead and their fighting would lead to the end of the world.

> **Notes on Containment:** Our agents inside of Toei Productions made a statement that Kamen Rider Gun was included to balance out the cast of Kamen Rider Blade, figuring that two melee and two ranged-based riders should make things interesting.

> 

> P.S: The self-proclaimed “Weeb" members of the Pataphysics team said they think that Kamen Rider Vulcan from Zero-One was a reference to Kamen Rider Gun. Guess it goes to show how the SCP can affect the connections we make to future characters. 

> 

> - Researcher Chudley

* **Media:** Samurai Jack & Johnny Bravo 

* **First Appearance:** Samurai Jack and Johnny Bravo Crossover Hour

* **Date of Publishing:** April 10, 2021

* **SCP-4230 User:** PeppaPigsStrongestSoldier1337

---

**Description:** One of the first articles made on the wiki, believed to be an attempt to see if the anomaly could be used to create a new crossover special for certain mediums. Supposedly on 20XX-09-16, the Samurai Jack and Johnny Bravo crossover special aired. Subjects questioned the reason for the crossover, seemingly having no idea that the crossover occurred and didn’t watch it while airing but later discovered it when it was re-released on Youtube by Foundation Personnel.

The first half of the crossover has Aku send Jack farther into the future into the present day where he earns the ire of Johnny Bravo as women immediately flock to Jack for being an “exotic hunk”. Samurai Jack is confused with this new world as there appear to be no threats around…. Except for Johnny Bravo.

Johnny Bravo with the power of pure machismo learns THE ART OF THE BLADE and challenges Jack to a duel, one that rips a hole in the Space-Time Continuum, sending them both back to the past.

The second half features Jack and Johnny battling Aku’s minions to get him to send Johnny back to the present. The beatdown of Aku by the two cartoon titans was described as “epic”, and “The greatest moment in children's animation.” Eventually, Aku relents and sends Johnny Bravo back, but not before Johnny gifts Jack a pair of sunglasses. Said sunglasses could be seen in the Adult Swim reboot of Samurai Jack.

> **Notes on Containment:** It does not appear that SCP-4230 can create new media on its own but merely place the idea that such a media existed into those who had previously viewed the series in question. After a legion of fans demanded Cartoon Network release this crossover special that they had no record of, we decided it would be best to just create the animation rather than try and remove all knowledge of it. We had to contact SCP Animation to *make*an SCP-4230-A instance based on the description of SCP-4230. 

> 

> The VAs we contacted to do it claimed to have already recorded the lines we sent but were happy to do it again anyways because they “thought it was the most fulfilling project of their careers”. 

> 

> - Researcher Chudley

* **Media:** Harry Potter Franchise

* **First appearance:** Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's/Philosopher's stone

* **Date of Publishing:** April 3 2021

* **SCP-4230 User:** TaraGilesbie86

---

**Description:** Originally from the fanfiction "My Immortal", Ebony appears in the Philosopher's Stone as a deuteragonist to Harry Potter, often clashing with him as she is infatuated and in love with Draco Malfoy; helping him with his schemes. The plot of the Harry Potter books and movies continues on as normal with some changes with this added character, however, it is made clear that Dark’ness is Harry’s superior. 

One of these changes is that Ebony discovers the truth about Horcruxes in the Chamber of Secrets, also deducing that Harry is a Horcrux. With that information in hand, she drowns Harry Potter in a toilet before subsequently reviving him, making his later quest easier.

The last major alteration of note from the standard narrative occurs in the last book, The Deathly Hallows. In the final battle between Harry and Voldemort, Ebony comes out of nowhere and decapitates Voldemort with the Sword of Gryffindor. In the Epilogue, it is revealed that Ebony married Draco and had his kids.

> **Notes on Containment:** Despite having an author that’s been made famous for changing Harry Potter Lore through tweets, simply doctoring J.K Rowling's tweets wouldn’t convince the Harry Potter fandom at large that such a crucial character existed without something strange being afoot. Thus, a disinformation campaign regarding My Immortal and its loose connection to Harry Potter had to be disseminated.

> 

> - Researcher Chudley

* **Media:** SCP Foundation/Marvel's Spider-Man 2018

* **First Appearance:** [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4494 SCP-4494]

* **Date of Publishing:** April 24th, 2021

* **SCP-4230 User:** SecureCockPenis69420

---

**Description:** SCP-4494 (Known as The Specter throughout the official documentation) is the physical embodiment of fighting crime. SCP-4494 is not to be contained within the Foundation due to its anomalous effect causing a -K Class Scenario as stopping it causes the concept of fighting crime to break down around it at 100Km per hour. 

Spider-Man first meets the Specter assisting law enforcement during a random crime event, Spider-Man is enthused to meet another costumed crimefighter like himself and the two establish a rapport.

This begins a sidequest chain in which the Specter enlists Spider-Man to help apprehend the Villain known as "Big Wheel". After helping out the Specter capture Big Wheel there is a 5% chance he may randomly spawn in enemy encounters to assist the player.

> **Notes on Containment:** We nearly alerted the O5 council over a classified anomaly appearing inside of a Marvel videogame, but thankfully "The Specter" is never referred to as an anomalous entity, and our foundation is not mentioned whatsoever. Foundation personnel at Insomniac put out a dev diary talking about how they decided to make their own original character based on the legends of "The Specter".

> 

> - Researcher Chudley

> 

> P.S.

> Honestly, everyone at the facility is happy for SCP-4494, we know he loves the Spider-Man game and must have gotten a kick out of seeing himself in it. I've even heard that Marvel might start making comic books about him. Maybe SCP-4230 isn't all bad.

* **Media:** A great platformer you played as a kid

* **First appearance:** N/A

* **Date of Publishing:** February 2nd, 2021

* **SCP-4230 User:** SecureCockPenis69420

---

**Description:** Scrimblo Bimblo is a lovable scrunko from some undefined platformer that you played as a child. Not much is known about Scrimblo Bimblo other than he is a potential contender for appearing in the Nintendo video game: Super Smash Bros. Ultimate. Fans of Scrimblo Bimblo are to fight religiously across social media platforms to make people remember him and to get him included in Smash, especially over "PopularMcJRPGGuy", another SCP-4230-A entity.

 

> **Notes on Containment:** Oh lord what a mess. Despite Super Smash Bros. Ultimate not adding new DLC characters as of late 2021, hundreds upon hundreds of Twitter conversations about Scrimblo Bimblo appeared overnight. With no specified media we believe that EVERY PERSON who ever played a platformer now knows about Scrimblo Bimblo and the same can be said for PopularMcJRPGGuy and JRPGs. 

> 

> Needless to say, it is near impossible to contain the spread of this one. Our best efforts are to convince the fighting game community at large that everyone is referring to a variety of different characters by one name. However, in the event that Nintendo makes another Smash Bros. game, it is imperative that Scrimblo Bimblo **does not make it in**. Protocol "Flame Icon Release the latest protagonist of Fire Emblem into Smash " is to be enacted to keep Nintendo from investigating too many potential additional characters. This is a preventative measure in case of future "Smash Roster Potentials" are added to SCP-4230's pages.

> 

> - Researcher Chudley

* **Media:** Halo

* **First appearance:** Halo: Combat Evolved

* **Date of Publishing:** February 2nd 2021

* **SCP-4230 User:** SecureCockPenis69420

---

**Description:** John Halo is the character of John-117 from the *Halo* video game franchise with only two major differences. The first difference is that his name has changed from John-117 to John Halo and all characters refer to him as such. The second difference is that in all background information written about John Halo's MJOLNIR armor, it is described that it has a built-in feature to masturbate him.

**Notes on Containment:** This is a prime example of the wiki being used to change a character in an existing work rather than creating something wholly original. As for containment, most people outside of Halo had already just assumed that his name was Halo so not much had to be done on people remembering things. As for the OTHER aspect, we had to spread that yes... Master Chief's suit does in fact jerk him off. -Researcher Chudley

* **Media:** All Texts pertaining to the years 1905 to 2002 in a Non-fictional capacity

* **First appearance:** November 17 1905

* **Date of Publishing:** March 3 2021

* **SCP-4230 User:** PeppaPigsStrongestSoldier1337

**Description:** Simo Häyhä  17 December 1905 – 1 April 2002), often referred to by his nickname, The White Death was a Finnish military sniper in World War II during the 1939–1940 Winter War against the Soviet Union. (Rest of the Article was omitted as it is general public knowledge)

> **Notes on Containment:** We were scratching our heads in an attempt to figure out what this SCP-4230 article meant. Everyone in the department knows about this famous Finnish Sniper but after doing an investigation we were unable to conclude that the human being known as Simo Hayha actually existed. No birth records, although a burial plot does exist. 

> 

> Being curious, I interviewed our staff and learned they’d all seen references to Hayha in the previous month which is most likely how we were all affected. I can only surmise that when nonfictional media is edited, the new information is retroactive and you believe that it was something you always knew about.

> 

> Thus, I came to a horrifying conclusion, if SCP-4230 can alter Nonfictional materials it can just invent events and people and none of us would be any the wiser. We may need to update the Risk class on this thing, and maybe the disruption too.  I think we might be dealing with a substantially powerful reality bender here… 

> 

> - Researcher Chudley

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 4230.01**:  In the process of trying to contain SCP-4230, the Foundation arrested and interrogated over 1,000 people, most of which were not actual members of GoI-5869 and had simply found SCP-4230 on their own. These civilians either browsed it or sometimes made accounts to begin adding content. Such people have been omitted from the document, amnesticized, and sent home. The following interviews are from Foundation raids in which a member of GoI-5869 was captured. 

<details>
<summary>Interview: PoI-6941/BasilOregano1977</summary>

> **Real Name: James Phillips**

> **Age:** 40

> **Background:** On May-9-2021, MTF-Sigma 27 raided the house of James Phillips. James was found in his basement transferring over 2TB of Twi’lek pornography along with a server that was acting as a node of SCP-4230. MTF-Sigma 27 recovered the servers as well as detaining Mr. Phillips.  The following is from the interview conducted by Researcher Chudley. The subject is wearing a Scranton Reality Vest  A wearable Scranton Reality Anchor, meant for nullifying the powers of reality benders .

---

**[Begin Log]**

 

**Chudley:** So Mr. Phillips is it?

**James:** What’s it to you, soy boy?

**Chudley:** Oh so you're one of “those” Star Wars fans.

 

**James:** What are you trying to say?

**Chudley:** Well we did find you in your mother’s basement but I’m not here to discuss living conditions.

**James:** Where do you live then? I can’t imagine Foundation dorms are that comfy.

**Chudley:** That's classified. Anyways, back on topic. Tell me why you posted on the Fanon Wiki.

**James:** Did you clap?

**Chudley:** Excuse me?

**James:** When old man Glup Shitto showed up to sell Rey deathsticks on Jakku did you clap?

**Chudley:** Of course I did.

**James:** Or when he Glupped all over Emperor Palpatine in the Rise of Skywalker?

**Chudley:** I hooted and hollered when I rewatched Episode IX for the research.

**James:** I was just trying to give Star Wars fans a character to rally behind, I didn’t do anything wrong.

 **Chudley:** Yes you did James, Star Wars isn’t yours to meddle with, nor are the minds of their viewers.

 **Chudley:** Let’s talk about the person who created this Fanon Wiki in the first place. Why did they do it?

 

**James:** You talkin' about PeppaPig’sStrongestSoldier? His plans are beyond your understanding.

 

**Chudley:** Try me.

**James:** I'd never tell a fascist like you anything.

**Chudley:** Are you sure about that James? Speaking of your mother, I could tell her about what you've been saying on the Internet.

**James:** Whoa, whoa, whoa man. Not my mom, I… I seriously don't know anything about Peppa, other than they had some big project they were gonna release for the wiki. 

**Chudley:** See? Was that so hard? I think we're done here, take him away.

**[End Log]**

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Interview: PoI-6942/CocaineForHoes2006</summary>

> **Real Name: Bartholomew Wentworth**

> **Age:** 19

> **Background:** On May-28-2021, MTF Sigma-27 raided the house of Cocaineforhoes2006, an Engineering student Otaku living in Oakland, California. Sigma 27 found another node of the Wiki and subsequently captured it. The men requested that they be given Hazmat gear before capturing another one of these Gamers after Cocaineforhoes2006, pushed one of them into a group of dakimakura that appeared to be covered in [DATA EXPUNGED].

> 

> Request is still pending

> ~~-~~-

 **[Begin Log]**

 **Chudley:** So Cocaineforhoes2006…. I thought you guys were about weed.

**Cocaine**: Weed is for the lesser gamers, we in the mean streets of Oakland use pure Colombian cocaine!

 **Chudley:** I’m reading here in your file that you’ve never touched Cocaine… Mr. Bartholomew Wentworth.

 **Bart:**: Uh…. homie can dream.

[Chudley sighs.]

 **Chudley:** Mr. Wentworth can you please explain your entry on the Fanon wiki? I don’t… why…why a gun?

**Bart:**: ...What do you mean?

**Chudley:** I’m not a Tokusatsu guy by any means but like… you couldn’t have picked anything cooler than Kamen Rider Gun? Kamen Rider...50 Cal? Kamen Rider...I dunno, Assault? Kamen Rider 12 Gauge, even?

**Bart:** Well there are so many riders with weapon names but not any who are named after firearms and use them. So thus, Kamen Rider Gun had to be born.

 **Chudley:** And you picked Blade because….

 **Bart:**: Because its fuckin funny man! The season of swords and one guy’s got a gun?

 **Chudley:** One of them already has a gun!

[Bartholomew visibly cringes, pulling his head back]

**Bart:** Dude, stop being so cringe!

**Chudley:** Ughhh...can you tell me a-about...PeppaPig’s...StrongestSoldier?

 **Bart:** Like from the Peppa Pig Fanon Wiki or ours?

**Chudley:** Stop yanking my chain, *Bartholomew*. The people above me are expecting results and if I don't get them I might have to start getting a little drastic.

**Bart:** Drastic? Drastic how?

 

**Chudley:** Well they usually don't like me telling people but.

[Inaudible whispering is heard as Chudley leans into Bart's ear.]

 

[Bart starts to look visibly distressed.]

 

**Bart:** N-no! Not the femur breaker! Peppa said that he had the ultimate joke planned! One that would turn conspiracy theorists on their heads!

**Chudley**: Wow it's that easy huh? Usually, people hold out a little longer than that.

 

**Bart:** W-wait, you were bullshitting?

**Chudley:** Of course! We don't throw people in the femur breaker.... anymore. This interview is concluded. MTF take him away and please... leave his femurs alone.

**[End Log]**

</details>

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 4230.02**:  A breakthrough occurred on June-6-2021 when PoI-6940 posted an article on  SCP-4230. Foundation Webcrawlers were able to ping their true IP address before it changed at the last millisecond. MTF Sigma-27 was deployed to the location to apprehend PoI-6940.

<details>
<summary>Incident Log:4230-01</summary>

>**Online Handle: SecureCockPenis69420**

> **Real Name: Matthias Solomon**

> **Age:** 25

> **Background:** During the previously specified raid, Sigma-27 pressed forward into the basement, spotting PoI-6940 who escaped using their reality-bending powers, leaving PoI-6943 aka Matthias Solomon behind who was promptly restrained by MTF Sigma-27.

---

 **[Begin Log]**

[Several members of Sigma-27 are seen holding onto the limbs of Solomon as one of them prepares to place a Scranton Reality Vest onto their person]

**S-27-2:** Keep him held down until I get the damn vest on him!

[S-27-1 enters the room as S-27-2 finishes securing the vest. S-27-1 approaches Solomon and begins to speak with him.]

**S-27-1:** Sorry if that was a little rough, your little cell has been a bit of a flight risk. I just need you to answer some questions and you'll be good to go. First off, where is Peppa Pig?

**Solomon:** Your mother's house! You won't find him! The most epic of gamers' lives to troll another day! 

 

 **S-27-1:** C'mon man is all the secrecy worth it? I'm sure you all are tired of running from safehouse to safe house so you can have all have a uhhh, "Amogus" in Nier: Automata? Whatever the hell those are.

**Solomon:** It is worth it! We've done something else to secure a better future for the world. 

[Solomon bursts into uncontrolled laughter.] 

**S-27-1** (sighs), I don't think were getting anything out of this one. Secure the anomalous tech and we'll see if the eggheads can't come up with something.

**[END LOG]**

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** Site-78 Director Leah Richter

**From:** Pataphysics Researcher Gregory Chudley

**Subject:** Permission to edit SCP-4230

---

Hello Director. After Incident 4230-01, I have drafted aProtocol "Flame War" which I will be sending in an attachment to you. I think we can both agree that PoI-6940 is a threat we can ignore no longer and we need to be proactive in containment. With your permission, I would like to use the website to wage psychological warfare against the Gamers in an attempt to get one of them to reveal their locations to us.

@@ @@

**To:**  Pataphysics Researcher Gregory Chudley

**From:** Site-78  Director Leah Richter

**Subject:** Permission to edit SCP-4230

---

Chudley, I am at my wits end with this investigation. We do not have the money for any more raids and while the proposal you sent is highly unprofessional, it is extremely cost effective.

 PoI-6940 had drained enough of our resources. I'll approve this proposal but if they aren't apprehended by the end of the month, I'll have to consider transferring this to another site.

</details>

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 4230.03:** On June-24-2021, an account registered under the name of "Peppa'sBane" was established by Researcher Chudley for the sole purpose of enacting Protocol "Flame War". While it is currently impossible to delete articles, the standard account can edit and create them. It is not currently recommended that any more SCP-4230-A entities are created by the foundation.

The following is a record of the edit history of the "Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way" page by PoI-6944, aka "TaraGilesbie86" performed by Researcher Chudley. PoI-6944 is believed to be a co-author of SCP-4230 given they have the second largest amount of edits on the site. Chudley's edits are presented in purple while Tara's are presented in green.

* **Character Name:** Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way

* **Media:** Harry Potter Franchise

* **First appearance:** Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's/Philosopher's Stone

* **Date of Publishing:** June 28 2021

* **SCP-4230 User:** TaraGilesbie86

---

**Description:** Originally from the fanfiction My Immortal, Ebony appears in the Philosopher's Stone as a deuteragonist to Harry Potter, often clashing with him as she is infatuated and in love with Draco Malfoy; helping him with his schemes. The plot of the Harry Potter books and movies continues on as normal with a few changes, with this added character, however it is made clear that Dark’ness is Harry’s ##darkviolet|Inferior##. 

~~One of these changes is that Ebony discovers the truth about Horcruxes in the Chamber of Secrets, also deducing that Harry is a Horcrux. Information in hand she drowns Harry Potter in a toilet before subsequently reviving him, making his later quest easier.~~

~~The only major alteration of note from the standard narrative occurs in the last book, The Deathly Hallows. In the final battle between Harry and Voldemort, Ebony comes out of nowhere and decapitates Voldemort with the Sword of Gryffindor. In the Epilogue, it is revealed that Ebony married Draco and had his kids.~~

> **Comments:** 

> 

> **Peppa'sBane:** Hello Tara! I loved your article but I thought that Ebony should be a less intrusive character in the Harry Potter story, let's keep things close to the original narrative.

* **Character Name:** Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way

* **Media:** Harry Potter Franchise

* **First appearance:** Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's/Philosopher's stone

* **Date of Publishing:** June 28 2021, 5 minutes after previous edit

* **SCP-4230 User:** TaraGilesbie86

---

**Description:** Originally from the fanfiction My Immortal, Ebony appears in the Philosopher's Stone as the ##green|Protagonist##, often clashing with ##green|Harry Potter## as she is infatuated and in love with Draco Malfoy; helping him with his schemes. 

##green|In the second book Ebony sabotages Harry and Ron's flying car, wounding Ron Weasley after it crashes on the way to Hogwarts. He is in a coma for the rest of the series.##

She also discovers the truth about Horcruxes in the Chamber of Secrets, also deducing that Harry is a Horcrux. Information in hand she drowns Harry Potter in a toilet before subsequently reviving him, making his later quest easier.

The plot of the Harry Potter books and movies continues on as normal ~~with this added character, however it is made clear that Dark’ness is Harry’s ##darkviolet|Inferior##.~~ The only major alteration of note from the standard narrative occurs in the last book, The Deathly Hallows. In the final battle between Harry and Voldemort, Ebony comes out of nowhere and decapitates Voldemort with the Sword of Gryffindor. In the Epilogue, it is revealed that Ebony married Draco and had his kids.

> **Comments:** 

> 

> **Peppa'sBane:** Hello Tara! I loved your article but I thought that Ebony should be a less intrusive character in the Harry Potter story, let's keep things close to the original narrative.

> **TaraGilesbie86:** I highly disagree, Rowling's initial narrative was lacking in a decent protagonist. You must be some mangy Hufflepuff if you think that the story wasn't improved by my OC. I've also gotten rid of that insufferable Ron. That will teach you for marrying Hermione you fuckin little ginger.

* **Character Name:** Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way

* **Media:** Harry Potter Franchise

* **First appearance:** Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's/Philosopher's Stone

* **Date of Publishing:** June 28 2021, 5 minutes after previous edit

* **SCP-4230 User:** TaraGilesbie86

---

**Description:** Originally from the fanfiction My Immortal, ##darkviolet|Ebony is a low-tier Mary Sue esque OC. She has no place inside Harry Potter and is relegated to a background character with no speaking lines and is killed during that Battle of Hogwarts.## 

~~Ebony appears in the Philosopher's Stone as the ##green|Protagonist##, often clashing with ##green|Harry Potter## as she is infatuated and in love with Draco Malfoy; helping him with his schemes.~~ 

~~##green|In the second book Ebony sabotages Harry and Ron's flying car, wounding Ron Weasley after it crashes on the way to Hogwarts. He is in a coma for the rest of the series.##~~

~~One of these changes is that Ebony discovers the truth about Horcruxes in the Chamber of Secrets, also deducing that Harry is a Horcrux. With information in hand she drowns Harry Potter in a toilet before subsequently reviving him, making his later quest easier.~~

~~The plot of the Harry Potter books and movies continues on as normal with this added character, however, it is made clear that Dark’ness is Harry’s ##darkviolet|Inferior##. The only major alteration of note from the standard narrative occurs in the last book, The Deathly Hallows. In the final battle between Harry and Voldemort, Ebony comes out of nowhere and decapitates Voldemort with the Sword of Gryffindor. In the Epilogue, it is revealed that Ebony married Draco and had his kids.~~

> **Comments:** 

> 

> **Peppa'sBane:** Hello Tara! I loved your article but I thought that Ebony should be a less intrusive character in the Harry Potter story, let's keep things close to the original narrative.

> **TaraGilesbie86:** I highly disagree, Rowling's initial narrative was lacking in a decent protagonist. You must be some mangy Hufflepuff if you think that the story wasn't improved by my OC. I've also gotten rid of that insufferable Ron. That will teach you for marrying Hermione you fuckin little ginger.

> **Peppa'sBane:** Well I think that your a spoiled brat who was given powers that you don't deserve and instead you spend it here trying to insert your own characters into other people's work. Why don't you go outside for once, touch grass maybe?

* **Character Name:** Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way

* **Media:** Harry Potter Franchise

* **First appearance:** Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's/Philosopher's stone

* **Date of Publishing:** June 28 2021

* **SCP-4230 User:** TaraGilesbie86

---

**Description:**  Originally from the fanfiction My Immortal, Ebony appears in the Philosopher's Stone as the ##green|Protagonist##, often clashing with ##green|Harry Potter## as she is infatuated and in love with Draco Malfoy; helping him with his schemes. 

##green|In the second book Ebony sabotages Harry and Ron's flying car, wounding Ron Weasley after it crashes on the way to Hogwarts. He is in a coma for the rest of the series.##

##green|In the third book she encounters Peppa's Bane and roasts him like the STUPID TROLL THAT HE IS.##

The plot of the Harry Potter books and movies continues on as normal with a few changes with this added character, however, it is made clear that Dark’ness is Harry’s ##darkviolet|Inferior##. 

One of these changes is that Ebony discovers the truth about Horcruxes in the Chamber of Secrets, also deducing that Harry is a Horcrux. Information in hand she drowns Harry Potter in a toilet before subsequently reviving him, making his later quest easier.

The only major alteration of note from the standard narrative occurs in the last book, The Deathly Hallows. In the final battle between Harry and Voldemort, Ebony comes out of nowhere and decapitates Voldemort with the Sword of Gryffindor. In the Epilogue, it is revealed that Ebony married Draco and had his kids.

> **Comments:** 

> 

> **Peppa'sBane:** Hello Tara! I loved your article but I thought that Ebony should be a less intrusive character in the Harry Potter story, let's keep things close to the original narrative.

> **TaraGilesbie86:** I highly disagree, Rowling's initial narrative was lacking in a decent protagonist. You must be some mangy Hufflepuff if you think that the story wasn't improved by my OC. I've also gotten rid of that insufferable Ron. That will teach you for marrying Hermione you fuckin little ginger.

> **Peppa'sBane:** Well I think that you are a spoiled brat who was given powers that you don't deserve and instead you spend it here trying to insert your characters into other people's work. Why don't you go outside for once, touch grass maybe?

> **TaraGilesbie86:** Who do you think you are you little bitch! Do you know who I am? I'm a member of Gamers Against Weed Damn it! I could turn your cock into a pretzel with a snap of my fingers. Your screen and keyboard are protecting you but I bet you're nothing but a loser on the other side!

> **Peppa'sBane:** How about you fight me IRL? Where are you at? I'll come to kick your ass.

> **TaraGilesbie86:** My address is at 42 Oakland Street, Omaha Nebraska! I'm not afraid of transphobic neckbeards like you. Friggin Rowling-oid.

<details>
<summary>Interview: PoI-6944/TaraGilesbie86</summary>

> **Real Name: [DATA NOT FOUND]**

> **Age:** Believed to be 22

> **Background:** On June-25-2021, MTF Sigma-27 headed to the coordinates procured by Researcher Chudley and raided the underground safe house of PoI-6944 the first of these members to have no known real-world alias. MTF-Sigma 27 subdued the subject and brought them in for questioning. Along with PoI-6944's recovered node was a variety of encrypted hard drives that Foundation data recovery analysts expect might take months to decrypt.

---

**[Begin Log]**

[Chudley enters the room with Sigma-27-1 standing guard by the prisoner at the desk.]

**Chudley:** At ease, Sergeant. I can take it from here. 

**S-27-1:** Duly noted. The woman wanted you to have this tablet. Said someone important was to be contacting you on it.

[Chudley takes the tablet from them and places it on the table.]

**Chudley:** Alright, we’ll see who comes a-callin'. Did she give you any trouble?

**S-27-1:** Nah, you know these guys are harmless, especially with the vest.

**Chudley:** Still a pain in my ass though. Hello Tara, it's me, Peppa's Bane. I have to ask, did you create My Immortal?

**Tara:** (Chuckles) Maybe? Maybe not? No one knows.

**Chudley:** But aren’t you Tara Gilesbie?

**Tara:** It’s my screen name.

**Chudley:** What about your real name?

**Tara:** Erased from reality. You’ll never know if I’m the genuine article.

**Chudley:** Speaking of articles, judging by what we found and you dodging one of my questions. I think you had something to do with this.

 **Tara:** Well… maybe I did. It was just for fun. I swear!

**Chudley:** It always is with you Gamer types. Why did you create the wiki?

[Tara mutters.]

**Chudley:** Sorry I didn’t hear you, F- what?

**Tara:** Fortnite.

**Chudley:** The… battle royale?

**Tara:** Yeah, Peppa Pig and I were playing Fortnite one day and they were like “I really wish Shaun Saxum was in Fortnite with a Ram Ranch skin.”

**Chudley:** The podcaster? I mean that’s a good wish but… did you create an anomaly for a Fortnite character?

**Tara:** Not just Shaun Saxum, but other figures in the anomalous writing community. Like Kilerpoyo and NDHeckfire too! And we thought we’d just get away with it because everybody is in Fortnite and no one would question it. But then we thought the wiki was really fun so we made it open so anyone can use it!

**Chudley:** All of you are irresponsible children. You have the abilities of telekinesis and reality warping and you…modify video games.

**Tara:** Well you’re a fascist who locks us up and erases our memories and probably listens to Ben Shapiro. So who's the real winner?

**Chudley:** Uh me. You're in my custody.

**Tara:** I may be, but we completed our grand joke. And now we will be the ones laughing.

[Suddenly the Tablet turns on, startling Chudley and a voice emits from the device.]

**Tablet:** Is this researcher Greg Chudley of the SCP Foundation?

**Tara:** Better pick that up, Hufflepuff. They've been dying to talk to you. I can't wait to see your face when they tell you what we've done!

**Chudley:** Sigma-27-1, get the prisoner out of here now and tell someone to start tracing the signal.

[Sigma-27-1 nods and grabs the unruly Tara, dragging her out of the cell.]

**Chudley:** Chudley speaking. How do you know my name?

**Tablet:** I saw what you did to Solomon and I took an interest. A villain for my story. It didn't take long for me to learn all about you and the site you work at.

**Chudley:** I guess we need better security, but who are you exactly?

**Tablet:** Who do you think? Your Adversary.

**Chudley:** …..Peppa Pig.

**Tablet:** The one and only.

**Chudley:** Where are you, Peppa? We can settle this peacefully. We already have four of your associates.

**Tablet:** The Fanon Wiki will continue operation as long as I have the master server. They were just pawns in my grand game.

**Chudley:** And what game is that?

 **Tablet:** I have many goals, most of them beyond your understanding.

**Chudley:** Try me.

**Tablet:** I assume you found the Simo Hayha article?

**Chudley:** Yeah what in the hell was that? That's a really random historical figure to make up.

 **Tablet:** Well I figured my made-up country of Finland needed a few heroes.

 **Chudley:** W-wait... made up? What are you talking about? You didn't invent Finland.

**Tablet:** Didn't I? I had a lot of pages privated, so why don't you take a look?

 [The Tablet began opening up various windows to various pages on SCP-4230. Articles with titles like Japan-Soviet Relations, Nokia, Trans-Siberian Railway, Finland, and Winter War amongst others.]

 **Chudley:** W-wait... Finland? Finland isn't real?

**Tablet:** You mean the area formerly known as Greater Estonia? Surprise! Finland isn't real!

**Chudley:** What about all of the people that live there? Their passports and billboards, official documents...

 **Tablet:** All edited. In their minds the surrounding towns in Sweden, Russia, and Estonia are a part of Finland. But Finland is merely an extension of Estonia. I don't know how it happened, but my powers have grown to the point where I can edit any piece of media with this wiki.

 **Chudley:** I don't understand. You come into these new narrative powers and the first thing you do is change the name of Greater Estonia to Finland?

**Tablet**: Well after I made that Simo Hayha article as a joke and realized that I could edit non-fiction with my abilities, I had a thought... what if I made my own country! 

**Chudley**: Why did you pick Greater Estonia? How did you even come up with the name?

**Tablet:** Oh well Estonia has always had this big swath of untouched land above it with hardly any inhabitants so I decided to make up some history for it. I invented new racial backgrounds, and companies that did business with it, and I invented this whole fake war, the Winter War! 

 **Chudley:** And the name?

**Tablet:** Remember the Doodlebob episode of SpongeBob? Where Patrick gets hit on the head and exclaims "FINLAND!".

**Chudley:** Yeah he was referring to the real country.....

 

 **Tablet:** Nope! The joke was that it was made up... until now!

**Chudley:** God... but what about documentaries, movies, and TV about Finland? There's so much here that you've written, what kind of person has the time to edit all of this media?

 **Tablet:** Redditors.

**Chudley:** Redditors?

**Tablet:** Yeah I started a whole creative writing contest on r/History to have people write submissions once I'd put the idea of Finland into their heads. Then I used AI and made some cool characters, like Simo Hayha, the White Death.

**Chudley**: But why would you do this? What is the point of inventing a whole country!? There's no way that Bluntfiend or Lesbian_Gengar would allow you to do this... it's just too malicious.

**Tablet:** That is where you're wrong, Chud boy. I pitched to them a model for a better world. A country that placed first in education, gender equality, diversity, and full universal healthcare! It would be a place for all to aspire to. The ultimate utopia! A beacon of hope in a mad world. And that's not all...

[The tablet starts pulling up pictures of hundreds of legal documents with one name signed on all of them.]

 

 **Tablet:** THAT'S RIGHT, CHUDLEY, I OWN FINLAND! KING PeppaPig'sStrongestSoldier1337! I OWN EVERYTHING ALL THE IRON, ALL THE FISH, ALL THE FINNS, I'M EVEN THE CEO OF NOKIA WHICH IS JUST A SHELL COMPANY FOR GAMERS AGAINST WEED! I EVEN INVENTED A FINNISH LANGUAGE THAT I BASED ON JAPANESE BECAUSE I'M A WEEB!

 **Chudley:** No. That's not possible! Estonia just leased you that land? Is it still a part of Estonia?

**Tablet:** It never was a part of Estonia! It was ceded to create Finland in 1941! And the Estonian government is under the conclusion that they did just that!

**Chudley:** Those are all solid explanations, Peppa. But you've revealed your trump card. It'll be easy tracking someone who profits so readily from Finland, not to mention its literal monarch.

**Tablet:** But that's where you are wrong Chudley! I have over 10,000 shell companies and offshore bank accounts that I launder all my money through! Plus my current location is protected by so many anomalous protections from reality shifting, extradimensional shielding, and full memetic redirection. I could be in five places at once OR ON THE MOON! 

**Chudley:** You bastard... I'd have to admit you make somewhat of a point about the whole Finland thing. But I see the underlying joke of it all. By the nature of our foundation, we can't tell anyone about this. We have to keep protecting our narratives because if we don't the world would spiral into chaos. People who remembered the old timeline are just now labeled as conspiracy theorists, crazy "Finland Deniers" right?

 **Tablet:** Bingo! Thank you for playing along in my grand game. I'm sure this won't be the last time we see each other, Researcher Chudley! 

[End Log]

> **Note from Site Director Leah Richter**: Due to the revelations of this interview, SCP-4230 has been reclassified from clearance level 3 to 4 and upgraded from Disruption class Ekhi to Amida. Personnel are to standby until a decision has been made by the O5 council on how the Foundation is to proceed in relations with "Finland" and our "Finnish" branch.

</details>

@@ @@

<< [SCP-4229](SCP-4229) | SCP-4230 | [SCP-4231](SCP-4231) >>
