[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=scp-527[!~~ url of your page on the scp wiki ~~]

|authorPage=http://www.scp-wiki.net/djkaktus[!~~ link to your author page ~~]

|comments=

= **SCP-527** - *Mr. Fish*

]]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-527 is to be contained within a standard humanoid domicile at Site-19. No other containment procedures are necessary.

**Description:** SCP-527 is a male humanoid, 1.67m in height, which is biologically non-anomalous, with the exception of its head, which is that of a *Puntius semifasciolatus*, or gold barb fish. 

SCP-527 displays no other anomalous qualities. The head of SCP-527 functions the same as the head of any other non-anomalous human. SCP-527 is capable of typical human speech. A tattoo reading "Mr. Fish, from Little Misters ® by Dr. Wondertainment" appears on the bottom of its left foot.

**Discovery:** SCP-527 was discovered in Boston by Foundation agents in 2002, and was moved to Site-19 in 2004. 

**Addendum 527.1:** Initial Interview

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Baker:** Thank you for your cooperation thus far, SCP-527. We're just using this interview as a way to gauge any potential anomalous behavior we might not expect.

**SCP-527:** Alright.

**Dr. Baker:** To begin, are you capable of breathing underwater?

**SCP-527:** No.

**Dr. Baker:** Are you capable of communicating with other fish, or with other sea-based lifeforms?

**SCP-527:** No.

**Dr. Baker:** I see. When did you first discover your condition? Were you by any chance attacked or bitten by a fish you did not recognize, or experience an encounter with a sea-based deity of some kind?

**SCP-527:** No.

**Dr. Baker:** Uh... well, then you've been like this since birth?

**SCP-527:** Yep.

**Dr. Baker:** I... alright. Do you know of any other anomalous traits you might exhibit?

**SCP-527:** Sure don't. Like I told the other guy, this is all it is. You're looking at it. Lie, Stripes, Hot, Sweetie, they got all the good stuff. I'm just the guy with a fish head.

**Dr. Baker:** Do you... have any idea why your creator might have fashioned you in this... way?

**SCP-527:** Fuck if I know.

[END LOG]

**Addendum 527.2:** Recovered Document

*Note: When asked, SCP-527 was able to produce the following document.*

<details>
<summary>+ Show document</summary>

> **Wow!** You've just found yourself your very own Little Mister, a limited edition collection from Dr. Wondertainment!

> 

> Find them all and become Mr. Collector!!

> 

> [ 01. Mr. Chameleon](SCP-905 )

> [ 02. Mr. Headless](SCP-2287 )

> [03. Mr. Laugh](scp-1799)

> [04. Mr. Forgetful](SCP-909)

> [ 05. Mr. Shapey](SCP-3537 )

> [ 06. Mr. Soap](SCP-1908)

> [ 07. Mr. Hungry](SCP-913 )

> [ 08. Mr. Brass](SCP-629 )

> [ 09. Mr. Hot](SCP-644 )

> [ 10. Ms. Sweetie](SCP-2396 )

> [ 11. Mr. Life and Mr. Death](SCP-1007 )

> [ 12. Mr. Fish](SCP-527 ) ✔

> [ 13. Mr. Moon](SCP-917 )

> [ 14. Mr. Redd (discontinued)](scp-redd )

> [ 15. Mr. Money](SCP-2855 )

> [ 16. Mr. Lost](SCP-920 )

> [ 17.](SCP-2284 ) Mr. Lie

> [ 18. Mr. Mad](SCP-2428 )

> [ 19. Mr. Scary](SCP-2933 )

> [ 20. Mr. Stripes](SCP-2148 )

</details>

<< [SCP-526](SCP-526) | SCP-527 | [SCP-528](SCP-528) >>

=====

**Filename:** flapper-up.png

**Author:** 

**License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

**Derivative Of:**

---

**Name:** Puntius semifasciolatus in Botanic garden in Teplice.JPG

**Author:** Chmee2

**License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

**Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:puntius_semifasciolatus_in_Botanic_garden_in_Teplice.JPG)

---

**Name:** Black beaver hat - DPLA - b6d0e1b6b1ba431eee6388650cb516fb (page 2).jpg

**Author:** Conner Prairie

**License:** Public Domain

**Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:black_beaver_hat_-_DPLA_-_b6d0e1b6b1ba431eee6388650cb516fb_(page_2).jpg)

---

**Name:** Sir Henry Head. Photograph. Wellcome V0026528.jpg

**Author:** Wellcome Trust

**License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

**Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:sir_Henry_Head._Photograph._Wellcome_V0026528.jpg)

=====
