div#u-adult-warning {

    width: auto;

    text-align: start;

    font-weight: normal;

    h2 { font-weight: bold; text-align: center; }

    hr { margin: 1.75rem 0; }

}

## Removal of harmful and grossly offensive pages

SCP Wiki Staff have *removed* most pages authored by **TheDuckman**, aka **Bright**.

You may have been redirected here from: {{/scp-001-o5}}, {{/scp-321}}, {{/scp-590}}, {{/scp-963}}, {{/scp-1004}}, {{/an-evening-with-bright}}, {{/codebrown}}, {{/theselfinsert}}, {{/dr-bright-s-personnel-file}}

 *Note:* TheDuckman (aka Bright) currently uses the wikidot username {{AdminBright}}. Despite the username, this author is not an administrator of the SCP Wiki and was permanently banned from the site in 2022. For clarity's sake, this page will refer to the author as TheDuckman.

---

The Anti-Harassment Team has [*https:*05command.wikidot.com/forum/t-886884/anti-harassment-team-log-of-bans#post-5307060 received numerous reports], which they believe are credible, accusing the author TheDuckman of predatory and abusive behaviors towards others, including minors. **For these actions, TheDuckman has been *permanently// banned.**

TheDuckman used their authored works to bolster their image as a figure of authority, trust, and importance, enabling them to leverage the wiki as a tool for severe misconduct, including sexual harassment and alleged long-term sexual abuse. TheDuckman's works contained harmful themes in the context of aforementioned behaviors, including, but not limited to sexualization of minors and justification of predatory behavior. TheDuckman also reportedly engaged in fetish mining (asking others for fetish content without them knowing that the content is for a fetish or sexual purpose) related to the content of their work.

TheDuckman reportedly exploited their position as an administrator of the site and the creator of the character "Dr. Bright" as tools to carry out the abuse mentioned above.

For these reasons, the bulk of TheDuckman's works have been removed from the wiki.

**Note: This page is incomplete, and will be further updated with additional information, annotated versions of the text of some of TheDuckman's work, and places for response pieces.**
