=====

=====

##757575|by PlaguePJP & Fishish##

**Item #:** SCP-480

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The manifestation of SCP-480 is a self-isolating phenomenon, requiring minimal Foundation intervention in its concealment from the public. Civilian sightings of SCP-480 are to be discredited and remedied via the administration of Class-C amnestics.

**Description:** SCP-480 is a male Labrador Retriever that spontaneously manifests throughout highways, roads, and other automobile-accessible pathways worldwide. It only appears in areas experiencing significant traffic congestion.

As the congestion clears up, SCP-480 will suddenly manifest 10-30 centimeters in front of a vehicle positioned near the front third of the exiting traffic line. This will result in SCP-480 being run over and crushed continually.

When left unattended for a period longer than 15 minutes, SCP-480 will disappear.  Any injuries sustained in previous manifestations are fully healed by the next event.

Analysis of SCP-480 events has confirmed that all manifestations are of a singular Labrador Retriever. It is unclear whether SCP-480 retains any memory of its previous manifestations or not.

**Addendum 480.1:** Known Events

| Location | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Interstate 676, Philadelphia, PA | Instance manifested; crushed by 756 vehicles. All four limbs sustained extreme damage, 85% blood volume lost, body nearly bisected laterally. Cranium remained intact. |
| NH 44, Maharashtra | Instance manifested; ribcage shattered on impact. Thoracic cavity filled with blood prior to discovery. |
| Autopista México-Querétaro 57D | Instance manifested; impacted at a rate of 3.7 vehicles per minute for a period of approximately three hours before Foundation intervention. Instance had been torn apart at several points along its bottom half. |
| Via Emanuele Filiberto | Instance manifested; ran over by tour bus immediately upon manifestation. Trauma localized to extremities and lower abdomen. No damage sustained to cranium. |
**Addendum 480.2:** Incident

On 03/21/2014 at 03:58 AM, Foundation pattern recognition software was alerted to a potential instance of SCP-480 on Interstate 80 near Rock Springs, Wyoming. The following video was captured via Agent Lionel Garver's body camera.

= **TRANSCRIPT**

---

= **<<BEGIN LOG>>**

*(Agent Garver pulls over onto the shoulder of I-80 and exits his vehicle, flashlight in hand.)*

*(Any previous traffic has cleared. Garver sweeps the area with his flashlight, then walks west away from his vehicle.)*

*(After approximately 45 meters, Garver notices a twitching, bloody mass in the distance. His pace quickens towards it.)*

*(Garver confirms SCP-480 activity to command.)*

*(The entity remains alive through unknown means.)*

*(Overwatch Command orders Garver to return to his vehicle and await the arrival of a containment team.)*

*(SCP-480 whimpers.)*

*(Garver turns and walks toward his vehicle.)*

*(After walking approximately 7 meters, Garver turns back around. SCP-480 continues to twitch. He unholsters his pistol and approaches it again.)*

*(Garver stands over the entity and points his gun at its still unharmed head. He fires, piercing the skull.)*

*(The twitching ceases.)*

*(Garver turns and walks toward his vehicle.)*

*(SCP-480 whimpers.)*

= **<<END LOG>>**

---

<< [SCP-479](SCP-479) | SCP-480 | [SCP-481](SCP-481) >>

---
