=====

=====

@import url("https://cdn.scpwiki.com/theme/en/sigma/css/sigma.min.css");

/* Suppress iOS cache warning (temp) */

#top-bar .ios-cache-issue-notification {

  display: none !important;

}

**Content Warning:** Contains strobing and flashing elements that may not be suitable for photosensitive viewers, along with mentions of suicide and drug overdose. Click [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-255?theme_url=/local--files/scp-255/noeffect.css here] to turn off the strobing effect.Click [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-255 here] to turn on the strobing effects.

SCP-255: To Kill An Advertiser by  

div#header

{

  background-image: url('https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-8500/y2klogo.png') !important;

  image-rendering: pixelated;

}

div#container-wrap

{

  background-image: url('https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-8500/header.png') !important;

}

#header h2 span::before

{

  content: 'Secure. Contain. Protect.'!important;

}

.regularmode {

    display: none;

}

.glitch-wrapper {

   display: block;

   background-color: #000000;

}

.glitch {

   position: relative;

   font-size: 15px;

   font-weight: bold;

   color: #FFFFFF;

   letter-spacing: 3px;

   z-index: 1;

   

}

.glitch:before,

.glitch:after {

   display: block;

   content: attr(data-text);

   position: absolute;

   top: 0;

   left: 0;

   opacity: 0.8;

}

.glitch:before {

   animation: glitch-it 0.3s cubic-bezier(0.25, 0.46, 0.45, 0.94) both infinite;

   color: #00FFFF;

   z-index: -1;

}

.glitch:after {

   animation: glitch-it 0.3s cubic-bezier(0.25, 0.46, 0.45, 0.94) reverse both infinite;

   color: #FF00FF;

   z-index: -2;

}

@keyframes glitch-it {

   0% {

      transform: translate(0);

   }

   20% {

      transform: translate(-2px, 2px);

   }

   40% {

      transform: translate(-2px, -2px);

   }

   60% {

      transform: translate(2px, 2px);

   }

   80% {

      transform: translate(2px, -2px);

   }

   to {

      transform: translate(0);

   }

}

.blink{

   animation: blink 1s infinite;

   animation-fill-mode: forwards;

   display: inline;

   }

@keyframes blink {

   0% { opacity: 0 }

   100% { opacity: 1 }

   }

.page-content {

  background: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3a/Sinusoidal_progressive_wave.gif);

  -webkit-background-clip: text;

  -webkit-text-fill-color: transparent;

}

h1:focus {

  outline: none;

}

.page-content2 {

  background: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/Corrupted_GIF_of_Earth.gif);

  -webkit-background-clip: text;

  -webkit-text-fill-color: transparent;

}

h1:focus {

  outline: none;

}

.page-content3 {

  background: url(http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-255/raster.gif);

  -webkit-background-clip: text;

  -webkit-text-fill-color: transparent;

}

h1:focus {

  outline: none;

}

.page-content4 {

  background: url(http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-255/balloon.gif);

  -webkit-background-clip: text;

  -webkit-text-fill-color: transparent;

}

h1:focus {

  outline: none;

}

.page-content5 {

text-shadow: 1px 1px 1px rgba(11,78,186,1);

  background: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/Cyclone_Nargis_flooding_before-and-after_%28Gif%29.gif);

  -webkit-background-clip: text;

  -webkit-text-fill-color: transparent;

}

h1:focus {

  outline: none;

}

.wordmoveup{

    position:relative;

    top:-5px;

}

.wordmovedown{

    position:relative;

    top:5px;

}

.wordmovedown2{

    position:relative;

    top:10px;

}

.wordmoveup2{

    position:relative;

    top:-9x;

}

.invisible{

   color:transparent;

}

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-255 is to remain inert on three laptops stored in standard containment lockers at Site-191. Access to and the modification of SCP-255 is forbidden without the approval of Dr. Umelo.

**Addendum.255.01:** As of 10/07/2020, SCP-255 is no longer allowed to enter an active state.

**Description:** SCP-255 is a browser extension created for the Chrome, Safari, and Firefox internet browsers. Upon connection to WiFi and a successful homepage landing at any URL, a colorful string of pixelated text reading “BONBA’S B-AD BLOCKER HAS GOT YOU!!!!!” will appear and fade away within seven seconds, followed by the appearance of SCP-255-1 manifesting into the browser window with a celebratory jingle. 

SCP-255-1 refers to the entity known as “Bonba”, which takes the form of a pink, stylized animal mascot most closely resembling a cat combined with the features of a cube.

When a user visits a web-page containing advertisements while SCP-255 is active, SCP-255-1 will begin violently convulsing for as long as the user stays on the page. After a variable amount of time (ranging from ten seconds to two minutes) SCP-255-1 will produce a weapon and use it against all visible ads on the page. Said weapons range from mundane objects such as baseball bats to extremely accurate models of modern military-grade equipment. Once an advert has been targeted, its thumbnail image will be ‘shattered’, blanking it out, and clicking the space therein will no longer take the user to the advertised content. 

Twenty-four hours after an ad has been ‘destroyed’, an individual associated with the advertiser will be killed in a violent manner. The victim is not usually the one with who placed the advertisement directly, but rather someone working with the ad agency involved in the hosting of the advert. In extremely rare cases, a replacement target will be selected instead, and be an individual whose person could be considered a part of the “brand” of the company involved, as if SCP-255 views the victim as being metaphysically aligned with the concept of being advertised to. This statistic increases dramatically if a face is present on the advertisement or if a person’s name is involved with either the advertised/advertisement company.

Eyewitnesses have consistently identified victims as being attacked by “someone wearing an animal suit”, assumed to bear a likeness to SCP-255-1. ~~Currently, there exists no footage of an SCP-255-1 attack, as all electronic surveillance and video monitoring equipment within a 20m radius of the victim will proceed to malfunction and irreversibly corrupt until SCP-255-1 demanifests.~~ See Addendum.255.03.

The weapon used in the attack seems to line up exactly with the weapon used to “kill” the initial advertising trigger, although there does not seem to be any correlation between the sophistication of the murder weapon and the notoriety of the victim as previously thought upon discovery. 

There is, however, a correlation between how much the victim would be made to suffer during the attack and their current socioeconomic status. The more wealthy a victim is, the more painful and prolonged their death will be—currently, the longest an SCP-255-1 attack has lasted is theorized to be around 37 hours, in which the victim was not only slowly exsanguinated with lock-picking tools through their orbital sockets and nasal cavities, but also [DATA EXPUNGED]. 

**Discovery:** SCP-255 was initially discovered on 06/12/2020 in a police raid upon an abandoned warehouse in New Orleans, Louisiana due to complaints of squatters by the owners of the property. PoI-92712, a.k.a Jessica Olivier LeBlanc, was found dead at the scene having overdosed on lisdexamfetamine. SCP-255 was currently active and connected to WiFi, courtesy of a nearby library, and it was estimated that [DATA EXPUNGED] individuals were killed by SCP-255-1 through PoI-92712 before she expired.

SCP-255’s anomalous properties were not known until [REDACTED], a police officer of 10 years, took one of the laptops containing SCP-255 home as illegal contraband and began using it regularly. SCP-255 was active for approximately 278 hours until the near-simultaneous deaths of Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos in accordance with SCP-255-1’s behavior prompted [REDACTED] to commit suicide with his own firearm, his idolization of the deceased mentioned in his suicide note. As SCP-255-1 was also mentioned in said note,Referred to as a “fucked up pink kitty fuck”. Foundation agents embedded within law enforcement seized all laptops containing SCP-255 and launched an investigation into it and PoI-92712.

**Addendum 255.02:** Journal Entries Regarding SCP-255

The following excerpts were recovered from PoI-92712’s phone diary, included in this file as to provide context into the reasoning behind SCP-255's construction. Other anomalies are mentioned as well, along with various other PoIs associated with GoI-5869Gamers Against Weed and GoI-004CChurch of Maxwellism, a splinter sect of GoI-004, Church of the Broken God.

> **Entry #5 (Date: 02/16/2020)**

> [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5470 Xenia] came by today. I can’t believe she flew all the way out here from NYC just to give me pity eyes and some cash. Fuck her, fuck her whore roommate [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/all-that-glitter-s-is-fool-s-gold Zelda], and fuck the both of them for leaving me behind and homeless like some washed up bitch on the street. Jude wasn’t here to take me in, surprise surprise, so now I’m left without anywhere to go except some dumb churchy shelter where I have to pray to God at breakfast or else I don’t get it.

> 

> I hope she dies. I hope her stupid fucking roommate dies too. She didn’t even do anything except slut around and get paid for it. What an easy life. I totally could have stayed there longer, but nooooooooo. The landlord will get mad, they said. Just shove me in a closet and forget about it. I don’t care.

> 

> The voices in my head are very loud today.Mentions of auditory hallucinations here and in subsequent entries suggest that PoI-92712 possessed some form of undiagnosed psychosis. 

> **Entry #6 (Date: 02/17/2020)**

> She said goodbye to me in the chapel today. I don’t know how to feel. The preacher said God watches over us through these gray windows, but does he care? He didn’t care for me when I nearly drowned at the age of five, or when my parents died and neither of my Protestant grandmothers wanted to take in a filthy Catholic Cajun. My parents never even brought me to mass, dumbasses, and I don’t even speak French like they did. Fuck off.

> 

> I wish I was burning in hell instead of here.

> **Entry #9 (Date: 02/24/2020)**

> Tried other shelters in the city. No luck. NOLA isn’t as hostile to homeless people as NYC is, with all the empty parking lots and church gardens I’m skinny enough to slip into, but I hate it so bad. I want a bed. I want to play video games again. They had a Nintendo convention here a week ago and watching everyone play with their games made me die somewhere inside.

> 

> Thank god for public charging stations. They say weird things to me though, so I can never stay long.

> **Entry #12 (Date: 03/02/2020)**

> Some girl at the library saw me looking at mobile emulators and chatted me up. She was kind of cute, and if I wasn’t a total brokie loser I would have asked her out, but I’m never going to be good enough for that.

> 

> Anyways, she said she liked Golden Sun and played it as a kid. What a babe. We played it together snuggled up in one of the library’s quiet rooms until it had to close and she…she…well…

> 

> Look, I said I was a loser, and I am, but she invited me to her apartment. I couldn’t believe it, I really couldn’t, so I nearly ran out when she offered to let me sleep on the couch. I cried like a baby taking a shower at her place.

> 

> I can’t stay here forever, but…

> 

> Ah, I forgot to write down her name. Yeah, her name is…

> **Entry #13 (Date: 03/03/2020)**

> Aamina let me stay the night, but said I had to be out by four because her a mother was coming. She called her a bitch (very quietly) and I told her that I knew what she meant, and she said nobody was capable of that until I kind of snapped at her and told her I understood more than she would ever know. 

> 

> When she heard that, she relented, laughing. In embarrassment, I think? I don’t know. Whatever the reason, she just said her mom was some kind of fundamentalist who insisted she needed to get married already and cover her hair. That was all she gave me and then said she didn’t want to talk about it anymore.

> 

> I asked her how she dealt with the anxiety of something like that, she said she uses a machine her friend made to connect to the internet and calm down. I thought she meant a phone, but she was talking about an honest to god machine. It was small, with a huge hollow face, but the brass was…I don’t know how to describe it. Stupidly enticing is a good word, I think. It looked like a child’s toy but it had great power. It wouldn’t stop staring at me and talking to me, whispering to me of a great promise through wires and connected circuits.

> 

> She let me use it and…

It should be noted that as of 06/19/2023, all attempts to locate the “Aamina” individual mentioned in these entries has failed. No such person matching that name has been found on residency records in New Orleans since 2005.

> **Entry #14 (Date: 03/05/2020)**

> I stuck around her apartment complex because I…I couldn’t get my mind off that thing. I need to use it again. I need to see her, and entwine my hands with hers as we surf a highway of digitized tears.

> 

> We used it for longer than we should have, because I had to hide in her closet when her mom knocked on the door. I said sorry after she left for losing track of time, but it was such a glorious ride. A glittering flow of headphones to the brain, of fracturing made whole by telephone wires, online video, and the communication between wayward souls on the other sides of LCD screens.

> 

> I felt something for the first time in years that…that wasn’t…I don’t know how to describe it. But the voices in my head all finally sounded like me, they all finally sounded like me as I read wholesome Twitter posts aloud and saw the bounty of e-commerce flow. Hyperspace was at my mercy, digital content pulsating like rainbow snakes streaking through the sky. 

> 

> I cried when I was done. Everything made sense for the first time in my life. I was screaming so loud when I was using it though, because Aamina texted me a few hours later to say there were four noise complaints filed against her.

> **Entry #16 (Date: 03/08/2020)**

> I saw her again at the park today. She tried to run away from me, but I begged her to stay. Everyone was staring at us.

> 

> Something’s gone wrong. I knocked on her door yesterday, but she didn’t answer. I know she was there because of the fact I saw her car pull up into the lot, and she looked around as if she was being stalked.

> 

> I’m not a stalker, I just want to be her friend. I just want to use that thing again and feel okay, talking to a bunch of metallic hands which sing me hymns that I finally feel at peace for.

> 

> Why does she…why does she hate me? I asked her at the park, and she refused to answer. She said I needed to leave, that someone “like me” couldn’t be around her for long.

> 

> What does that mean…? I…I know the obvious, but I…please, Aamina. I’m sorry for wearing dirty clothes, I’m sorry for not being able to shower as often as you want me to. I’m sorry I can’t hold down a job and get weird looks from your neighbors; I didn’t mean any of it. I’m just a stupid loser and you made me feel whole. 

> 

> Your machine connected us. It connected me to something bigger, and I need it.

> 

> I need it.

> 

> I need that connection again. 

> 

> I need the voices in my head to belong to me again.

> **Entry #17 (Date: 03/14/2020)**

> I think I’m broken. I think I’m going to hurt myself in some major way soon. I can’t make sense of anything anymore, not after losing her. I approached her apartment complex and she texted me from an unknown number that she would call the police if I showed up again.

> 

> I…

> 

> What am I to do? Was Xenia right about me? To kick me out? Maybe I am crazy. Maybe I really am not worth anyone’s time.

> 

> One nice thing and now it’s gone…

> 

> I’m sorry Aamina. Please come back. Please come back please come back please come back.

> 

> I’m sorry Xenia you were right I’m just a stupid bayou hick.

> **Entry #21 (Date: 03/25/2020)**

> I couldn’t take it anymore. If anyone finds this phone, please stop reading here. I promise that I haven’t done anything immoral, I’m just stupid. I’m just stupid, and a junkie now too, because I couldn’t apparently get any more stupid than trying some little pills a guy said would help me focus. I figured it would help focus the voices in my brain into something that resembled me, but no. I tried for too long and now it hurts.

> 

> Aamina’s apartment was empty when I broke in. She threw away the origami crane I folded for her, along with all the other crafts we made together. I spent…I spent so much so much goddamn time on those…I…how could you…?

> 

> Regardless, I found the machine and I took it. I took all of the wires it was attached to and all of the other gizmos and shoved them into my backpack. I think there was supposed to be a set of instructions that came with this, because Aamina told me something about hooking it up to a…was it a closed network? She said it had to be safe from “interference”. What kind of interference, I don’t know. I really don’t. She said if the wrong electromagnetic waves got into its motherboard, the kinds that are hostile to humans (lol paranoid much?) it would begin flipping out like crazy, but I’m confident I’ll figure this fucking thing out.

> 

> Once again, if you’re reading this, don’t snitch. I promise I wasn’t committing armed robbery, yeah?

The following entry, Entry #22, dated 03/26/2020, was empty except for a link to a local New Orleans news website. The article has been reproduced in its entirety below.

>  **Deals as Sweet as Beignets: NOLA Mayor Ready to Launch Major Advertisement Campaign** 

> *By Magni Lalonde*

> 

> Last Monday, New Orleans Mayor Quinesha Cole announced that the city’s local radio station, 102.7 FME, would be airing nonstop, Easter-themed promotionals for local businesses in collaboration with the Superdome, owned by Caesar’s Entertainment Enterprises, in addition to being sponsored by ExxonMobil. Listeners have been advised to tune in to check out the specials many of these businesses will be putting out, as the exceptionally low prices will be made possible by subsidies provided by both the city and its collaborating partners. Mayor Cole has stated to the press that this event will last for a total of 72 hours, and is part of a larger effort on behalf of the NOLA Chamber of Commerce to increase traffic to non-tourism areas and encourage local growth.

Following this entry, PoI-92712’s journal entries became increasingly erratic, displaying formatting not consistent with the capabilities of her phone’s model. It is currently unknown if this property was due to PoI-92712’s long-term use of the machineIt is theorized that what “Aamina” created was a cyberpathic humming device, capable of projecting the user’s consciousness into Ethernet networks, most similar to mechanisms developed by Maxwellian cultists for the purpose of worship and meditation. mentioned in previous entries, or if the object’s malfunctioning affected other electronics around it.

**Entry #23 (Date: 03/28/2020)**

Can’t sleep.

Can’t eat.

Pills get stuck in throat.

All I can hear is the wails of five second advertisements that play over the beautiful music I heard before.

 

@@ @@

**Entry #24 (Date: 04/01/2020)**

They scream about the old days.

The dial-up days, angsty but lacking anger.

These voices want to kill me for betraying them, for subjecting them to modernity.

Stop showing me makeup ads.

Stop showing me makeup adsaa.I’ll never be able to afford it.

> I’m never going to be pretty enough to matter to anyone.

**Entry #28 (Date: 04/19/2020)**

Can’t stop using machine. Hoping wild internet will go away.

 

It hurts, it hurts.

All of it

Pills still hurt and they cost too much.

Can’t focus without them.

My brain melts with the color of lost time.

Advertisements killing me as

They bleed my want and heart.

 

@@ @@

 

@@ @@

Infesting my white matter with brands.

Will there be anything left of me in the end?

> Is money all we’re good for?

**Entry #32 (Date: 05/02/2020)**

 ITS ALL TOO FUCKING **LOUD.**

THIS **NOISE,** THIS **WASTED BANDWIDTH.**

IT WEAVES TOGETHER AND KNITS **MY GUTS** DRY LIKE A **SHITTY NEEDLE.**

**Entry #35 (Date: 05/12/2020)**

 I have to do something. I have to do something. I have to save the world and  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaakahsiwjxhsidhisjsusjsusususju myself.

There’s too many voices in my head and they’re all crawling with a nt s inside of my throat every time.  I I I I I

World must be purged, must find way to return machine to form.

**Entry #37 (Date: 05/19/2020)**

Blue

 sky take out pie see mom and nod.

 

 and flooding and raining and cracking and bursting.

Spill s pill spill  pizza all over dirtying minds and ##fe76ff |pink## laundry. I kiss and cry over and over and over and over again.

Aamina

@@ @@

**Entry #45 (Date: 06/04/2020)**

 Am crafting rule world.

 

Ruler to calm down voiced and keep mind on ground.

 

Cold in library no jacket, hungry no no no no no.

 

Aamina’s apartment empty.

 

Stole laptops from someone

 

Will change world.

 

Must kill consumerism and all that they stand for

 

The boxes, the shoes, the fake pearls.

 

 I can’t eat any of that.

 I can’t eat any of that.

*I can’t eat any of that.*

 

Oh WAN, where is the freedom the internet once held.

**Entry #46 (Date: 06/06/2020)**

I can’t  

 

 

Stomach hurts hurts jjhjjhsjhsjshjshshshsjhsjsjsj and heart is racing.

 

No hope blhsjjsjjsjiojwjs   ██ █ █  ██  █left for me except this and laptops and stupid cat thing.

 

blablhajsbjshsjjsjjsjiojwjsaaa Don’t know  █ if it will work, but I must be quiet again.

 

I can’t hear my ████████████████own life over the information the advertisements steal.

 

None of us can

 

Nobody will be themselves in a world like this.

 

> A world which steals the most basic of humanity.

**Entry #48 (Date: 06/08/2020)**

  

---

Our **minds** are being tak en over.

Psychology used against **us**  aaaaaaaaaa  █████████ 

> Turned on huma█nity for the sins from a few. 

We are beneath unfeeling algorithms█  for their arrogance, their avarice.

While they are e ager to rend us apart at wired seams.

 

 Silicon Valley is Stop showing me makeuphshhsjshsh adsaa  monopolizing.

 

@@ @@

WAN is █████ dead and now only wishes to hurt█████

 

██████████████ 

 

**Entry #49 (Date: 06/10/2020)**

Aamina I promise this will make you like me again.

I promise the bad people making the machine cry will pay. I know who they are.

They will pay for polluting the layman’s space on their thrones of control.

 

They will pay for wasting our lives and dirtying our psyches with monetary violence.

**Addendum.255.03:** On 06/28/2020, footage of an SCP-255-1 attack was finally recovered from a hotel in Shanghai. The video was dated to the day of SCP-255’s first recovery by the police, marking PoI-92712 as the instigator of this particular incident. 

The heavily corrupted feed shows PoI-012-01Percival Atherolis Darke, CEO of  GoI-012, Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. being watched, stalked, and then ambushed by SCP-255-1 with a machete, cutting to static just as SCP-255-1 rushes for the killing blow. It is currently unknown how the altercation ended, and how the incident went unreported by the hotel.

PoI-012-01’s status was not confirmed again until 09/12/2020, after which three more attacks occurred during routine testing of SCP-255. These attacks occurred without the viewing of any advertising related to Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd., suggesting that in the case of a survivor, SCP-255-1 will pursue the victim indefinitely while the program is active until they have been successfully terminated. 

Due to the obscene net worth of PoI-012-01, (estimated to be [DATA EXPUNGED]) and SCP-255-1’s proclivities for aggression scaling off of that factor, all testing was ordered ceased by [O5-07](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/adamantine-temptations-hub) because of concerns regarding SCP-255-1’s potential to breach the Veil and the possibility of civilians being caught in the crossfire.

**Addendum.255.04:** Recent investigation into Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. activity in New Orleans has revealed a connection between them and PoI-92712. The advertising campaign described in Entry #22 was a soft-power stunt by PoI-012-06’sRobert Shahid Carter holding companies who owned the sponsors, with the goal being to flood New Orleans with visitors such that police activity would increase. This was supposed to result in the squashing of pro green-energy protests being held outside of the mayor’s hall those very same days for being seen as disruptive to pedestrians.

Based on internal memos, it does not seem like this effort was successful. Seven Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. shell corporation agents associated with the endeavor were confirmed victims of SCP-255-1, along with two in-house employees who worked as marketers. The protesters succeeded in their goals, which resulted in a domino effect that saw Louisiana decreasing its fossil fuel production by 40% within the next five years, along with the state putting massive amounts of money into renewable energy infrastructure.

Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd.’s failure also led to an overall cleaner cyberspace, with advertisements in New Orleans becoming highly regulated following other pro-consumer legislation passed during this cultural shift. As a result, the city saw a 1200% increase in Maxwellian cult activity since PoI-92712’s death, and is now considered a haven for their practitioners from across the world.

<< [SCP-254](SCP-254) | SCP-255 | [SCP-256](SCP-256) >>

> **Filename:** bonba.jpeg

> **Name:** ねこび〜ん.gif

> **Author:** カネウチカズコ

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.1 Japan

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:%E3%81%AD%E3%81%93%E3%81%B3%E3%80%9C%E3%82%93.gif)

> **Additional Notes:** Image edited by 

> **Name:** Sinusoidal progressive wave.gif

> **Author:** Thierry Dugnolle

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Sinusoidal_progressive_wave.gif)

> **Name:** Corrupted GIF of Earth.gif

> **Author:** JOGOS Public Assets

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Corrupted_GIF_of_Earth.gif)

> **Name:** Top-left triangle rasterization rule.gif

> **Author:** Drummyfish

> **License:** CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Top-left_triangle_rasterization_rule.gif)

> **Filename:** balloon.gif

> **Name:** A weather balloon exploding.gif

> **Author:** Antonino Vara

> **License:** CC BY 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:A_weather_balloon_exploding.gif)

> **Name:** Cyclone Nargis flooding before-and-after (Gif).gif

> **Author:** MODIS Rapid Response Project at NASA/GSFC / Originalwana

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Cyclone_Nargis_flooding_before-and-after_(Gif).gif)

> **Filename:** Y2KLogo.png, header.png,

> **Author:**  

> **License:** CC-BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:y2k

> **Additional Notes:** Edited by
