**Item #:** SCP-986

**Object Class:** Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the investigation and containment of SCP-986 being in its infancy, information regarding the anomaly is extremely limited.

Algorithms embedded within Australian law enforcement and medical databases are to alert Foundation personnel to potential SCP-986 related disappearances, with mobile containment teams to be dispatched in an effort to contain the entity or entities present. Survivors of encounters with SCP-986 are to be amnesticised and processed on a case by case basis.

Further investigations to ascertain the nature, origin and containment requirements of SCP-986 are ongoing.

**Description:** It is currently unknown whether SCP-986 is a singular entity or an unknown number of similar entities operating throughout mainland Australia. The sole specimen to be encountered was an emaciated humanoid entity standing an estimated 2 to 3.4 metres tall with disproportionately large arms, hands, and head. Its skin or outer surface appeared to actively bend light sources away from itself, but when not obscured was observed to possess a waxy, pale appearance. 

At this time, the disappearance of the Lee family is the only confirmed encounter with SCP-986 recorded by the Foundation. Based on the Lee disappearance, SCP-986 actively stalks and preys upon human beings.

**Post Incident Overview and Inquiry:**

On the 27/10/2026, both Amanda and Brian Lee failed to appear in their workplaces, and Hamish and Kelly Lee did not attend school. They were not seen for three days, at which point local law enforcement launched an investigation, before vanishing in the Lee residence. Locally embedded Foundation personnel flagged the disappearances as suspicious, and the investigation was taken over by the Foundation the following morning. The resultant encounter with SCP-986 failed to contain the entity, which killed Agent S. Ward as it fled into the home's ceiling space. Investigation failed to locate the entity or any means of its escape, but was able to recover Hamish Lee hiding within the home's bathroom. Following medical treatment, Mr. Lee was interviewed about his experience.

> **Interviewed:** Hamish Lee

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Felicia Notechis

> 

> **Foreword:** Due to the subject's age Eight years.  and trauma, Dr. Notechis was selected for the interview process Dr. Notechis holds a master's degree in child psychology and is a licensed psychiatrist and psychologist. . The interviewee was partially sedated and provided with a plush toy.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** You're very brave, talking to us about this, Hamish. I'm proud of you for that. Dr. Bolwell told me you were in that bathroom for four days? What made you do that?

> 

> **Lee:** The monster.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Right. What can you tell me about the monster, buddy?

> 

> **Lee:** You promise you'll really listen? Mum and dad never would. 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** I promise. We're going to listen to every word you say, and we're going to make sure this doesn't happen to anyone else.

> 

> **Lee:** Okay.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Good. So can you tell me about it?

> 

> **Lee:** It comes in at night. After everyone's gone to bed.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Into the house?

> 

> *Lee nods.*

> 

> **Lee:** Yeah. In through the roof.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** How does it get into the roof?

> 

> **Lee:** It just does.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Okay. What does it do once it's inside?

> 

> **Lee:** I don't know. It stays up there and listens. Kelly thought it maybe ate spiders up there. The roof is full of spiders, but they all came out when it came in.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Do you think the spiders were scared of the monster?

> 

> **Lee:** Maybe.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Did your sister see it too?

> 

> **Lee:** No, just the spiders. She thought I was making it up.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Alright. What happened after it got in?

> 

> **Lee:** Everyone got scared all the time. Mum had to get more of her tablets from the doctor, and Kelly slept in mum and dad’s bed like when she was little. I told them it was the monster, but they said it was just nightmares.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** How did you know it was the monster?

> 

> **Lee:** I could hear it walking around at night. Outside my door and in the toilet. It kept going in the toilet.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Was it using the toilet?

> 

> **Lee:** No. It was just going in there and sniffing. Like this.

> 

> *Lee mimics an exaggerated sniffing noise.*

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:**  Like it was following a smell, the way a dog does?

> 

> **Lee:** Maybe. It was really scary.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** It's alright, Hamish, it can't get you anymore, I promise.

> 

> *Lee does not reply.* 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Did you ever see the monster?

> 

> **Lee:** Sometimes. I thought dad was going to pee, but it was the monster. I don't think it saw me see it. 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:**  And it looked like this?

> 

> *Dr. Notechis produces an image of SCP-986 from Agent Ward's bodycam.*

> 

> **Lee:** Yeah. It’s all melty, and it smells so bad. 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** What does it smell like?

> 

> **Lee:** I don't know.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Did you see it again?

> 

> **Lee:** Yeah, one more time.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** When? Can you tell me about it?

> 

> **Lee:** On Thursday night. Dad was mad I was wetting the bed, but I couldn't help it. But he said if I did it again I couldn't go on the school trip, so I had to go pee.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Were you avoiding the toilet because of the monster?

> 

> **Lee:** Yeah. I think it likes the toilet.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Alright. So what happened when you went to the toilet?

> 

> **Lee:** When I finished and I flushed, I heard like drumming noises in the hallway. Like when cats are running. It stopped outside the door and it smelled even worse than before, and I was too scared to open the door. I stayed there and listened and I think it was pretending to not be there, like in hide and seek.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** What did you do? 

> 

> **Lee:** I asked Hirdie Lee's name for his plush toy.  to chase it away, but I don't think he could do that through the door. So we sat on the floor and I guess we fell asleep. 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** You fell asleep on the floor? That doesn't sound very comfortable. Did the monster wake you up?

> 

> **Lee:** No. The magpies woke me up, but it was still dark. I looked under the door to see if it was still there and it was looking at me through the crack.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** That must have been scary. What did it look like? 

> 

> **Lee:** Its hands were like spiders. It was looking at me and its eyes were too big. Just nose holes and a gummy mouth like a baby. I screamed and peed on the floor and it was sniffing like a dog. 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Did it try to get in?

> 

> **Lee:** No. Hirdie says it couldn't get through the door.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** So when did it leave? 

> 

> **Lee:** When mum and dad came. They turned on the lights and it ran away, but they didn't see it.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Did it seem like the light hurt it?

> 

> **Lee:** I don't know. Maybe.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** And this was the day you locked yourself in the bathroom? What led you to doing that?

> 

> *Lee nods.*

> 

> **Lee:** Mum put me in her room with Kelly and went to clean the floor with dad. When they flushed the toilet all the lights went out, and then they screamed. The monster got them.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** What did you and Kelly do?  

> 

> **Lee:** We looked for them, but couldn't find them, so we hid in mum and dad’s room. I told her it was because they flushed the toilet but she didn't believe me. She went into the grown up toilet The master bedroom en-suite.  and flushed the toilet, so I ran into the other toilet and hid. 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Why did you do that?

> 

> **Lee:** It couldn't get in there.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** I see. Do you know what happened to Kelly?

> 

> **Lee:** The monster got her. I heard it. 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Are you sure?

> 

> *Lee nods.*

> 

> **Lee:** She screamed and gurgled, and then everything smelled like the meat shop after a while.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** And you stayed in there until we found you? Did anything happen in the meantime?

> 

> **Lee:** It kept sniffing the door and drumming the floor. Sometimes it made noises, like a baby crying or trying to talk. I had to drink the water in the bath, and I was really hungry, but Hirdie said that we couldn't go out, or it would get us too. 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** That was very smart. 

> 

> **Lee:** After a while the police came, but it got them too. 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** How did that happen?

> 

> **Lee:** They were trying to get in the toilet. The monster heard and it came. 

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** Did they try and fight it?

> 

> **Lee:** No. It got the old one, and it melted the other one like an army man. I shut the door.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** What do you mean?

> 

> **Lee:** When I burned the toy army man with my friend and it melted. It did that to the policeman.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** What did you do then?

> 

> **Lee:** I threw up on the floor and hid in the cupboard. Then I fell asleep and the nice lady took me here.

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** I see. Thank you Hamish. You're a very brave young man. Is there anything else you can tell us?

> 

> **Lee:** I don't want to talk about it anymore. Do I have to go home now?

> 

> **Dr. Notechis:** No, Hamish. Dr. Bolwell is going to look after you now.

> 

> **Lee:** Okay.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Following this interview, several subsequent rounds of questioning failed to provide any further information. The witness was amnesticised and placed within Foundation foster care site Victoria-19 for observation.

> 

> Following forensic investigation of the Lee residence, an investigation into similar disappearances was launched. Patterns indicate SCP-986 encounters having taken place all over mainland Australia since at least 1954, with particular concentrations of disappearances taking place in South Australia. As of the current date, there are between 78 and 137 open disappearances believed to be linked with SCP-986.

**Addendum:** On the 12/03/2027, surveillance and communication with Foundation foster care site Victoria-19 was lost, when a routine telephone communication was interrupted with severe interference. An investigation into the site was launched within the hour.

All Foundation staff were found mutilated and partially liquefied in defensive positions, or in their beds. The children's quarters had been ransacked, with a trail of destruction originating from the structures ceiling crawlspace throughout the entire facility. None of the twenty seven children in the facilities care could be located. Possessions belonging to Hamish Lee, notably his plush toy, were found in the communal bathroom, whose door had been ripped from its hinges. 

Analysis of the telephone interference was able to discern the distorted voice of an adolescent repeatedly stating "Got you" in a monotone voice.

<< [SCP-985](SCP-985) | SCP-986 | [SCP-987](SCP-987) >>
