=====

=====

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Dosis:wght@200..800&display=swap');

#page-content li {

    margin-bottom: 5px;

}

#header {

    grid-template-rows: auto 0.5fr auto auto 1.25fr auto;

}

#footer {

    z-index: -1;

}

#header::before{

    background: none;

    height: 0em;

}

#header h1 a{

    color: rgb(255 255 255);

    text-shadow: 0 0 .375rem black;

}

#header h2 span{

    text-shadow: 0 0 .375rem black;

}

.farmHR > hr::after{

    mask-image: var(--tractor-mask);

    -webkit-mask-image: var(--tractor-mask);

}

.gardenHR > hr::after{

    mask-image: var(--fountain-mask);

    -webkit-mask-image: var(--fountain-mask);

}

.fairHR > hr::after{

    mask-image: var(--tent-mask);

    -webkit-mask-image: var(--tent-mask);

}

.hauntHR > hr::after{

    mask-image: var(--haunted-mask);

    -webkit-mask-image: var(--haunted-mask);

}

.circusHR > hr::after{

    mask-image: var(--clown-mask);

    -webkit-mask-image: var(--clown-mask);

}

.funlandHR > hr::after{

    mask-image: var(--magic-mask);

    -webkit-mask-image: var(--magic-mask);

}

.aethosHR > hr::after{

    mask-image: var(--heart-drip-mask);

    -webkit-mask-image: var(--heart-drip-mask);

}

:root {

    --space-starlight: 220 220 220;

    --header-title: "Dixie Fun Faire";

    --header-subtitle: "Still Standing, 70+ Years Later";

    ~~space-header-layer-0: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-821/Puigaudeau%2C_Ferdinand_du_-_Carnival_at_Night%2C_Saint-Pal_de_Leon.jpeg);

    --space-orbit-mask: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/Tabler-icons_building-carousel.svg);

    --space-star-mask: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Medieval-pavilion_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg);

    --space-constellation-mask: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/Carousel_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg);

    ~~space-footer-bg: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-821/DarkFieldEdit.png);

    --clown-mask: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/ba/Clown_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg);

    --heart-drip-mask: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4b/Bleeding-heart_-_Lorc_-_white_-_game-icons.svg);

    --tractor-mask: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/62/Farm-tractor_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg);

    --fountain-mask: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/99/Water-fountain_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg);

    --haunted-mask: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/Spooky-house_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg);

    --tent-mask: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Medieval-pavilion_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg);

    --magic-mask: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ea/Magick-trick_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg);

/* Other Color Fixes */

    ~~space-planet: var(~~space-sun);

}

div#content-wrap{

    background-image: linear-gradient( to bottom, black 0px, black 85%, transparent 100%);

    width: 100%;

    max-width: 100%;

}

.echo {

    color: rgb(180 180 180);

    font-family: "Dosis", sans-serif;

    font-size: 1.8em;

    font-style: italic;

    font-weight: 400;

    margin: 1em 0em;

    text-align: center;

}

.echo p{

    line-height: 2;

}

#footer::before{

    background-position: center;

    height: calc(8rem + 30.25vw);

}

Her voice echoes, as autumn breezes slide through your open eaves, settling by the hearth.

On any other night, you would curl by the flames, warm yourself as the fires lick your toes.

Tonight, you have a different plan -- tonight, there's no time to waste.

The carnival is in town, one last time; she will be waiting for you.

]

.anom-bar-container.{$secondary-class} .text-part > .main-class::after {

    background-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/component:anomaly-class-bar/neutralized-icon.svg");

    background-size: contain;

}

.anom-bar-container.{$secondary-class} .danger-diamond > .bottom-icon::before {

    background-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/component:anomaly-class-bar/neutralized-icon.svg");

    background-size: contain;

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~Daily inspections of SCP-821's exterior structure are to be performed by security personnel, with any significant changes being reported to the containment supervisor.~~  A fence has been erected around the area containing SCP-821, which is to be inspected via drone on a monthly basis. Due to the minimal human traffic in proximity to SCP-821, any substantial display of personnel would cause more harm than benefit. Foundation personnel are not to enter or approach SCP-821's area of effect unless deemed necessary by the containment supervisor.

Following the discovery of additional anomalous properties of SCP-821, further containment efforts have been paused due to irrelevance. As such, SCP-821 cannot and should not be modified, maintained, repaired, or otherwise changed from its current state; any actions taken by Foundation staff should prioritize conservation of information instead.

**Description:** SCP-821 is the former site of the 'Dixie Fun Faire', Also known as the 'Dixie's Pleasure Garden', 'Hampstead Bros' Circus', 'Funland', and 'Aethosland'.  a fairgrounds that was primarily in operation between approximately 1954-1979, and then again between 2009-2014.

SCP-821 consists of a series of structures and facilities arranged around a main midway, *The Artists' Way*. Records of the construction are minimal, as the majority of construction and development was carried out informally, and without the authorization of local governments. Due to this, many of the structures do not adhere to any building codes, and are in a major state of disrepair, undergoing continual and permanent degradation. Any and all attempts at maintenance or restoration have failed and have since been fully paused pending reclassification.

SCP-821's remaining structures serve a variety of purposes, mainly focused on entertainment and artistry. The structures were constructed across multiple eras of the fair, and each possess distinct visual styles. These range from a carousel, to theaters, midway stands, food and souvenir kiosks and more. During the initial containment of SCP-821, approximately 68% of all structures were in a functional condition, a number that has decreased over time.

Throughout the fairground's later years of operation, maintenance and daily tasks were performed by automatons, both humanoid and non-humanoid, designated SCP-821-1. These instances range in appearance from person-like constructs composed of painted copper, to abstract or animalistic machines. Following the closure of the grounds in 2014, every instance of SCP-821-1 was rendered inert.

SCP-821-A refers to an ongoing memetic effect which causes individuals to experience 'echoes' of events that took place within SCP-821 during operation. SCP-821-A creates the 'echoes' through the use of a circle-class hermeneutic, to draw context from the latent memories from the inhabitants, guests, and operators of SCP-821. These echoes appear as intangible, translucent figures, commonly referred to as 'ghosts'. SCP-821-A is capable of producing auditory, visual, olfactory and gustatory stimulus when observed; the intensity of these sensations has decreased since initial containment. At this time, it is not understood what causes SCP-821-A instances to appear.

---

The sights and sounds are always blinding; thank god you're used to it by now.

Every flash of light is anticipated, each calliope note in perfect harmony, each buzzer, noise, scream, shout, laughter, everything is choreographed down to the microsecond.

The Fair is alive, and everybody here is part of our blood.

---

**Addendum 1:** History

SCP-821 has operated under a large number of management teams and brand identities, all across multiple eras -- each attempting to be as big, if not bigger than the last. Whenever a new group took over operation of SCP-821, the structures were not destroyed, and were instead added to or modified. What follows is a summary of each major era of SCP-821, including relevant anomalous effects and notable elements.

Before the construction or operation of any variant of SCP-821, the location was originally the site of a large farm, which operated during the early 1900s before being abandoned post-Great Depression and left to degrade. The site stood empty for decades prior to the establishment of SCP-821, and appeared to display no notable anomalous properties.

---

**Addendum 1-A:** Dixie's Pleasure Garden

Constructed in 1954, *Dixie's Pleasure Garden* was created by American immigrant and local business magnate Johnathan Dixie, to meet what he saw as the demand for themed entertainment. The land was chosen for the 'energy' Johnathan Dixie felt when first visiting. He was quoted in a local paper as saying, "It's the land. There's something special about it. I felt it with every step I took, each time I inhaled, in every corner of the park -- there was already something there, just waiting for a way to be seen, to be remembered. I was just walking in the footsteps of my ancestors; I chose this place to give them another chance at life."

On opening, *Dixie's Pleasure Garden* consisted of a large central open-air pavilion, surrounded by floral gardens and landscaping. Tickets for *Dixie's Pleasure Garden* were priced at $0.25 per adult, and gave access to the grounds as well as the provided entertainment. Entertainment consisted of musical and theatrical performances taking place in the central pavilion.

*Dixie's Pleasure Garden* operated from 1954-1957 to moderate success, having been featured in local newspapers. Visitors consisted of predominantly locals, with occasional guests from out of state. Despite this success, operations ceased abruptly in October 1957, due to the death of Johnathan Dixie. As a result of complications surrounding the inheritance of the land and business, operations would not resume until the 1958 season, at which point it would reopen under a different name.

---

**Addendum 1-B:** Dixie Fun Faire

In the 1958 season, the park re-opened with the name *Dixie Fun Faire*, in an attempt to bring more families and younger visitors to the park. Johnathan Dixie's son, Johnathan Dixie the Second, better known as 'JD Junior', took the reins after his father's passing, and revitalized the park, focusing on creating a midway and providing rides and themed entertainment for the visitors. This expansion was meant to try and grow what made *Dixie's Pleasure Garden* work, without compromising the ideals of either Johnathan Dixie.

With the reopening of the *Dixie Fun Faire*, park attendance swelled ~~ tourism grew to encompass visitors from both nearby towns and states, with the park garnering a reputation for thrilling rides, and winnable midway games. JD Junior was quoted at the time as saying "My father had the right idea; build a world that you want to explore, and the rest will come to you. The thing about the business of fun is that you need to create a place where you can really believe that you are a winner. At Dixie Fun Faire, everybody is a winner, from the smallest child to the oldest adult ~~ all are welcome, this is the place for you!"

Over the next decade, park operation would continue in a similar manner, with rides being changed as parts failed or interest waned. The only rides that would survive beyond the mid 1960's would be the *Dixie Carousel* and the *Dixie Fun Fair-is Wheel*, which remained operational throughout the rest of the park's life.

In the fall of 1966, an announcement was made by JD Junior regarding the future of the park.

> Hello Treasured Guests and Dedicated Collaborators,

>

> My father believed in a place where all were welcome and none would feel uncomfortable. I have been chasing that ideal, trying to capture the spark in the bottle that inspired him. For the past 8 years, it has been my absolute pleasure to guide the Dixie Fun Faire to new heights.

>

> Unfortunately, the situation has changed. I am no longer myself, and I cannot stop the inevitable. We cannot afford to keep paying fair wages while operating with the values and objectives that made the company what it is today. I am haunted by the specters of the past, and their echoing voices that have become trapped in the very place I love most of all. They will not leave me alone.

>

> I must abandon the fair.

Following the above memorandum, JD Junior disappeared along with multiple key leaders in Dixie Fun Faire, leaving the park in a state of chaos and disarray. The whereabouts of all individuals are unknown to this day.

The park would remain closed for the next year, before reopening under new management.

---

The grinding metal howled overhead as you took a drink from a cheap, dirty bottle -- thankfully, the sun had set, even if that did nothing about this heat.

Between the flashing lights and sirens of the midway, the roar of the rides overhead, amongst the laughing children and the giggling adults, there was another noise that you just couldn't shake.

Each night, at the same time, right as you stood in your stall, a shadow would pass in front of the booth. A shadow that looked both unrecognizable and distinctly familiar to you, but you could never quite put your finger on it. Every evening, the shadow would pass by, and through the chaos and klaxons of the Fun Faire, you thought you made out some words:

**"One day, people will remember the name Dixie."**

---

**Addendum 1-C:** Hampstead Bros' Circus

In the spring of 1967, local papers reported that the *Dixie Fun Faire* had been sold to three brothers; former employees of the park. These three men, Orville, Orion, and Ogden Hampstead were self-described 'carnies' who had worked on the midway for a number of years before the disappearance of JD Junior -- the experiences they had there had impacted them to the point where they felt it was their duty to continue the legacy. Following JD's disappearance, the remaining management of the park made a deal with the Hampstead Brothers, giving them the land and ownership over operation of the park for an undisclosed sum. Foundation Research suggest that this 'sum' totaled $8.21 and a gallon of blood. 

The three brothers had a transformative plan -- take the land and existing midway, modify the open air pavilion to serve as a Big Top, and reopen the park as the *"Hampstead Bros' Circus"*. They were quoted as stating that "We want to salvage and use everything we can, to keep the heart of the park." The new park would feature live entertainment, a large troupe of carnies who would live in a semi-permanent housing development in the north-western section of the park, known as *"Carnie's Row"*, as well as a new main attraction to the park, a nightly Circus performance with clowns, acrobats, animals and more.

When the park reopened, it saw immediate success, attendance soaring as residents flocked to see the new show, participated in the updated games, and stayed for the massive grounds that were filled with 'activities for all ages'. To accommodate this new traffic, employees were offered housing in exchange for reduced pay -- it is estimated that between 20-50 carnies, including clowns, other attractions, and their children lived at the park during this time.

Despite their efforts, the success would be short-lived. In December of 1970, after three years of declining profits and mismanaged staff, the *Hampstead Bros' Circus* closed its doors to guests. For the next few years, the carnies would continue to live in the remains of the park.

Orville Hampstead left the United States to try again in Canada, to minor success. Orion Hampstead retired to a small cabin in northern Maine, and lived the rest of his life in obscurity.

---

Carnie's Row was the kind of place that you smelled and heard first, before you saw. It was an explosion of life, chaos, and energy, stuck away, carved out into this little slice of nirvana.

The giggling children that called Carnie's Row home treated the park like their personal playground. He could remember the sounds of them running between mobile homes, knocking into laundry and causing mayhem. But between the laughter, screams and whoops of delight, they would all inevitably ask the same thing:

"What happened to Oggy?"

Oggy never left.

---

**Addendum 1-D:** Funland

In June 1976, half a decade since the *Hampstead Bros' Circus* shut down, an unscheduled fanfare was heard in a 4 mile radius surrounding the site of the former parks. The land had been left abandoned, with unclear ownership since -- according to interviews and public records from the time, locals were unaware of any changes on that front.

That assumption was challenged by an individual known as 'Mr. Funland.'

*Come one, come all! Feast your eyes on the spectacle that is **Funland** -- a revival of Dixie Fun Faire years prior, with a modern twist! Live the nostalgia, the grandeur of days of old, fused with the engineering wonders of the mechanical world! All straight from the mind of our leader, Mr. Funland.*

*Try our delectable confectionaries, from our **Foot-Long Ice Cream Cone** to the **FUN-Sized Cotton Candy**! We don't just have sweets, we have some of the most exotic foods, adapted to a modern palate, guaranteed to knock your socks off. Believe me, I don't even wear mine anymore!*

*Be amazed by the technological marvels that power each attraction! Stare in awe at the living animatronic horses on the **Galloping Carousel**, or take a spin in our **Hover-Cars**, either way you're sure to have a one-of-a-kind day while here.*

*Oh, and just... one more thing. Everybody who works at the park, from the ride attendants, to the carnies hosting games in the **Midway**, all the way down to our fun-loving Janitorial staff has a secret: they're all robots! Come marvel at the modern technologies, built on a foundation of centuries worth of automatons -- each is a masterpiece of modern engineering, faster, more efficient, and more reliable than any human!*

*So be sure to come on down to Funland, newly reopened. It's sure to be a hit!*

*-- Mr. Funland*

This recording of Mr. Funland was originally used as both a radio commercial, and played through the park's loudspeaker system on the day it reopened. Financial records showed an immediate success; the park itself was laid out as it had been in previous iterations, but as stated, the major improvement *Funland* made was to the rides and staff. Through a combination of historical automaton research, modern animatronic technologies, thaumic rites and the utilization of latent memories, already present on the grounds of the park, in the creation of synthetic souls to drive the machines. Mr. Funland was able to create staff that were incomparable to any existing animatronics or machines, especially those at his competitor's parks.

The automatons, designated SCP-821-1, were varied in size, shape and appearance based on their role or position within *Funland*, but each shared general traits. Each instance was composed of a base of copper or sheet metal, painted with various non-anomalous paints. Each SCP-821-1 instance ran on an anomalous power source, seemingly powered by attendance and positive emotions throughout the park. SCP-821-1 instances were capable of speaking and singing in multiple languages, despite the lack of visible speakers. Similarly, SCP-821-1 instances were able to ambulate throughout the park without wires, guides, or a connection to a central managing machine; for all intents and purposes, they were distinct individuals.

On opening, *Funland* received universal acclaim. Guests reportedly 'loved' the range of activities, entertainment and spectacle provided -- while the rides were enjoyable, as were the shows, the main draws were the SCP-821-1 instances. Tourists would travel from around the world to view the "modern marvels of technology", and the park thrived. For the next few years, business would continue at a consistent level of success. The park added an attraction or two, but for the most part, did not change.

In an interview from March 1978, Mr. Funland was asked what plans he had for celebrating the 25th anniversary of the park's history.

"You know, I've been asked this question a lot, and I finally want to address it. The parks of the past didn't work, because they were focused on the wrong things. Everybody before me looked at the parks that had come before, and tried to chase what used to work."

"I reject the nostalgia -- I will be better than the parks of the past."

"The problem was, they were too distracted by their own rides, lights and sounds to see the truth; children don't want the fun of the past anymore. Kids are bored of clowns, tired of midway games, ready to leave stage shows and boring roller coasters behind. What they want today is technology."

"They want robots, they want computers, they want video games and who am I to stop them? Progress marches on, and we need to keep up. That's why I focus so much on our state-of-the-art robotic employees, the fantastical machines that make *Funland*, well, *Funland*!"

"So to answer the question? No. I don't have plans on celebrating the past. As far as I'm concerned, the only thing that matters is the future. And the robots who are the beating heart of *Funland*? They are the future."

That year, park guests began to report numerous issues throughout *Funland*. The rides were breaking down far more frequently than in prior years, and the natural ground the attractions and concession stands were built on began to slowly overtake the artificial structures, reclaiming the park. Reports of strange interactions with staff automatons, animatronics muttering to themselves, and getting stuck into non-authorized routines were constant; it was clear to the parkgoers that something was awry.

Due to multiple local publications running articles about Funland being 'haunted', and radio hosts waxing poetic about the parks of the past, public opinion began to sour. Rumors began to circulate from guests and former employees alike -- during this season, the automatons seemed 'depressed' and 'wistful'. Despite these reports, and the tangible corrosion of rides and SCP-821-1 instances, Mr. Funland assured the public that it was business as usual. Following this statement, Mr. Funland did not appear to do anything to rectify or repair the situation, instead believing that the park "was a living being, that can revive itself".

In 1979, Funland closed its gates permanently, and was left abandoned, rides, midway stalls and animatronics left to rot. In the following years, locals and urban explorers would report the continued reclamation of the park by nature, and perpetuated the belief that the former park was 'haunted' by both former visitors, employees, and even the automatons.

It would remain closed for over 30 years.

---

The rusted metal chain-link fence that surrounded the forgotten remains of Funland stood in front of you, a flimsy barrier to those who wish to see the sights. The fence was cut -- and as you approached, the metal seemed to curl back, opening wider.

It was almost like the park was inviting you in.

The night was still, but the air felt electrified. All around you were the remains of the robots that worked here, the stalls that used to be full of life, the rides that were always running; it was unnaturally quiet, feeling almost... absent?

You didn't believe the rumors. 'Oh, don't go there, the park is haunted!' or 'Are you crazy? I hear the robots come to life and kill you because they are still mad the park closed.' There was no way it could be real -- the scariest thing here was the rusted metal.

So when you heard groaning machinery and watched as the carousel came to life before your eyes, the grinding gears pushing through the rust, the distorted music mingling with the sounds of automatons that laid dormant, you didn't know what to think. So you ran.

The disembodied laughter and flickers of other people walking through the abandoned park surrounded you as you fled, a new spectral figure appearing around each corner. The calliope grew in volume, a taunting melody bleeding through the decrepit remains of Funland as you raced to the exit. As you came to the fence, a voice called out to you.

"Thanks for visiting our park, we hope to see you again soo--"

As you shoved through the chain-link to escape, in an instant, the park and its ghosts were still once more.

---

**Addendum 1-E:** Aethosland

In the spring of 2009, local news channels reported that a group of vandals had broken into the abandoned SCP-821 site, and had set up a temporary camp. At first, there was an immediate outcry; when reports came in that the group had not destroyed the structures, rather, they appeared to be repairing them, local government officials were unsure how to react. In the following months, as locals debated what should be done, the small group of vandals began to work on a passion project that would 'rewrite the park and breathe new life into the skeletons that remained of rides, buildings and the very soul of the park'.

The 'vandals' were identified as an anomalous artists collective, known as *Aethos* (GOI-821-4). Their membership had a variety of different talents and foci, composed of ontokinetic sculptors, music-based reality benders and non-anomalous artists that worked alongside them. GOI-821-4 had one goal, according to press releases; 'to turn the abandoned fairgrounds into a celebration of art, imagination, and a monument to the memories of the past'.

Foundation research was unable to identify how *Aethos* gained possession of the park; county records show the deed being placed into their name by April 2009, with a note saying it was a "charitable endowment from Mr. Funland, to the artists of the future." Over the next few months, construction barricades would appear surrounding the park, obstructing the view of what was being done inside.

On June 17th, 2009, the park would open, posters and flyers having appeared in local buildings, business storefronts, and in mailboxes throughout the surrounding counties and townships.

For decades, *Dixie Fun Faire* delighted guests. Though it would be known as many different names throughout its life, whether it was *Funland* or the *Hampstead Bros' Circus*, one thing stayed the same; the people and automatons that worked, lived and stayed at the park were the true soul. We remember them, see their stories, walk in their shoes -- they are still here, just waiting.

*Aethosland* is not like the parks of the past. We are not trying to be better or different. We are not reinventing things, we are not creating the best attractions with the newest technology and shiny bells and whistles ~~ we are artists, and we are bringing this place back to life. Everything was already here, just waiting for an audience ~~ we have simply given the park a second chance.

Come see a place of dreams, magic, art, but most of all, memories.

At the debut, *Aethosland* featured a variation of every attraction from throughout the history of the park. This included, but was not limited to, the following major sections of the park:

* ****The Artists' Way****: The Artists' Way featured vendors selling handmade products and classic carnival games, mixed with modern, artistic reinterpretations.

* ****The Pleasure Gardens****: The Pleasure Gardens featured a mixture of natural and anomalous flora, anomalous and non-anomalous sculptures, and anomalous sensory inputs.

* ****The Aethosland Stage****: Built from the original pavilion, The Aethosland Stage featured musical performances by the "All Copper Brass Metal Band", a music group made of reclaimed SCP-821-1 instances, anomalous magic shows, plays, and more.

* ****Funland Alley****: A collection of rides that were restored and modified using the base rides, combined with SCP-821-1 instances and ontokinetic creations, Funland Alley was full of lights, noise, and unique attractions. SCP-821-1 instances would often be integrated directly into the rides, for example, the *Aethosland Speedster*, where the ride cars were replaced by SCP-821-1 instances from the former 'Galloping Carousel', so that every rider was seated on the back of an autonomous horse that raced along the roller coaster track.

* ****Carnie's Corner****: Built on the former location of Carnie's Row, Carnie's Corner was a mixture of human and robotic performers, with modern and artistic interpretations of classic circus performers. This location also offered permanent housing to any and all members of the *Aethosland* staff, just as it had in the past.

*Aethosland* was a minor financial success -- while the individuals who attended reported the experience as 'life-changing' and 'fantastical', due to the aftershocks of the major recession, attendance was low. The park struggled to remain profitable, due to competition from better established themed entertainment options. As *Aethosland* was unable to match the scale or scope of their competitors, they struggled financially and were unable to grow, as all profits went to supporting the staff and artists that lived in the park.

Following 3 years of financial hardship, in 2012, the founding members of *Aethosland* reached a decision -- to keep the park relevant, they would need to collaborate with other artists, organizations and communities. To this end, they reached out to a theatre group known for unique installations and diverse stage shows; [Pseudogenesis Productions](Pseudogenesis Productions Hub).

*Pseudogenesis Productions* and the team at *Aethosland* would collaborate on a massive, interactive theatrical experience that was described as 'the soul of Aethosland, brought to life once more'. When the park opened in summer 2013, their project was already completed.

On the opening day, before the inaugural performance, Stephanie Pseudo, the director and founding member of Pseudogenesis Productions was in attendance. What follows is an excerpt from her speech before "Life, Continued" debuted.

"*Life, Continued* is not your standard theme park performance. It is not just a play, not just a thrilling stage show, and not just empty entertainment. *Life, Continued* is *Aethosland*, but so much more than just that. It is *Dixie*, *Hampstead* and *Funland* -- not as we remember them, but as they remember themselves, through the memories and souls that lingered."

"From this point forward, *Life, Continued* will persist as long as the park remains. Neither rain, nor hail, nor apocalypse, nor containment will be able to stop the park from being. The performers are the park, the stage is the park, and the core is the park. Echoes of those that have come before, lives forgotten, screams, joys and laughter that were heard throughout the decades that this park has provided entertainment to thousands of guests -- all are represented in *Life, Continued*."

"Oh, and... one more thing. The spirits and memories that dwell here may be true, but, do not be alarmed as nothing you see is real. This is all fiction; we are all part of the performance. Trust your soul and listen to your gut; see the magic as it unfolds before your very eyes. Become a part of the show, of the ever-growing tapestry that is *Aethosland*."

*Life, Continued*, also known as SCP-821-A, is an ongoing memetic phenomenon affecting the entire park, fueled by a manipulated hermeneutic core that is believed to have been present on the grounds since the late 1600s.

SCP-821-A causes 'echoes', or semi-transparent apparitions of individuals from the history of the parks, to appear and relive a given moment in time from their lives. They are intangible, but are capable of interacting with structures that existed during their time at the park. These echoes are not consistent between 'performances', taking varying shapes and forms, each instance going through a specific routine from their time at the park. Notable instances include:

* ****SCP-821-A-2****: SCP-821-A-2 is often seen wandering through The Pleasure Gardens, sitting on benches, and smiling as they watch guests walk by. If approached by a child, they will procure a button through unknown methods, and present it to the child as a souvenir. This button matches those given out circa ~1965. The instance is reported to resemble Johnathan Dixie.

* ****SCP-821-A-7****: SCP-821-A-7 is a short figure, appearing under specific circumstances. They can first be seen exiting a trailer in Carnie's Corner, before moving into the park. SCP-821-A-7 will seek out lost children who are alone, grabbing their hands. These lost children are escorted by SCP-821-A-7 to the security offices, before dissipating. Based on descriptions given by lost children, SCP-821-A-7 is presumed to have formerly been Ogden Hampstead.

* ****SCP-821-A-23****: SCP-821-A-23 resembles a gorilla automaton that was a well known ride operator at *Funland*. Each evening, at 7:00pm, SCP-821-A-23 will manifest in Funland Alley, before beating it's chest and roaring at the gathered crowds. It will procure FUN-Sized Cotton Candy Despite no longer being offered as a concession at the park.  through unknown means, before jumping across concession stands and attractions to reach the Ferris Wheel. Upon reaching the attraction, SCP-821-A-23 will scale the structure, before stopping at the apex and interacting playfully with guests who are on the ride. This instance will dematerialize after a variable period of time, between 8:05pm and 9:15pm.

Following the initial performance of *Life, Continued*, *Aethosland* saw a 400% increase in ticket sales, and a major increase in press coverage. Non-anomalous news reports marveled at the 'projections', in disbelief of the advanced technology used. Due to this mistaken belief, active containment by the Foundation was not required, instead prioritizing continued observation.

Despite the new 'groundbreaking' show, it was not enough to change the financial turmoil the park was facing. After 2 more years of operation, on the closing day of their 50th season, the following announcement was made throughout the park.

Beloved guests, dearest employees and the many spirits who remain; despite our best efforts, we are unable to resolve things as we would like, and are therefore forced to make the following announcement.

Today is the final day of operation of *Aethosland*. Due to financial pressures, and our refusal to pay below a livable wage, we are left with no option but to cease park operations. It is our hope that this place will not be forgotten -- and maybe, some day in the future, it will return, bigger and stronger than ever.

Thanks for fifty years of visiting our collective parks, we hope to see you again.

Until then, all we have left are memories.

Following the announcement, SCP-821 was abandoned and entered Foundation containment within the following months. While there have been no attendees or employees on the grounds, SCP-821-A persisted to present day, with a notable decrease in the number and visibility of SCP-821-A instances as time passed.

Since entering Foundation containment, no new SCP-821-A instance has been noted. Research on both remaining SCP-821-1 instances, and SCP-821-A itself, have been paused, due to the pending neutralization of the anomaly. Research on how to reverse or delay this neutralization effect has been ceased, as the Foundation is unable to identify a method that would successfully reverse the effect other than reopening the park -- this option has been rejected, due to the threat it would present to the veil.

[It is estimated that SCP-821 will be neutralized by 2030 at the latest.](Seasons Pass)

---

There was something about the smell of the earth here. After it rained, there wasn't just petrichor, no, it was much more than that. The ground smelled old. Permanent. Enduring.

Whenever it rained, it would inevitably smell of cotton candy and popcorn; when the wind blew, shutters would close and memories would huddle in the degrading structures that barely stood upright.

When the sun shone, the park would come to life, full of laughter and children; as the moon came out, the sparks of artists comingled with carnies, performers, and the passionate few who dedicated their lives to this place.

Each night, there is a celebration; each day, there is a memorial.

And one day, the only thing we have left will be the memories from those who visited, enjoyed the park, and the pictures they took. All will be quiet at Dixie's Pleasure Garden, just as it had always been.

Entertainment on the edges.

<< [SCP-820](SCP-820) | SCP-821 | [SCP-822](SCP-822) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Puigaudeau, Ferdinand du - Carnival at Night, Saint-Pal de Leon.jpeg

> **Author:** Ferdinand du Puigaudeau

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Puigaudeau,_Ferdinand_du_-_Carnival_at_Night,_Saint-Pal_de_Leon.jpeg

=====

> **Filename:** Carousel - Delapouite - white - game-icons.svg

> **Author:** Delapouite

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Carousel_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg

=====

> **Filename:** When old New York was young (1902) (14763437062).jpg

> **Author:**  Hemstreet, Charles

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:When_old_New_York_was_young_(1902)_(14763437062).jpg

=====

> **Filename:** Skegness Pavilion and Pleasure Gardens (NBY 441273).jpg

> **Author:** Unknown author

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Skegness_Pavilion_and_Pleasure_Gardens_(NBY_441273).jpg

=====

> **Filename:** Ride at the Ohio State Fair - DPLA - 1c37a42c1ed28e8f70f85160c201eca4.jpg

> **Author:**  A. V. Shirk

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ride_at_the_Ohio_State_Fair_-_DPLA_-_1c37a42c1ed28e8f70f85160c201eca4.jpg

=====

> **Filename:** Clown - Delapouite - white - game-icons.svg

> **Author:** Delapouite

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Clown_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg

=====

> **Filename:** Tabler-icons building-carousel.svg

> **Author:** Tabler

> **License:** MIT License

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Tabler-icons_building-carousel.svg

=====

> **Filename:** Karoline Wittmann, Jahrmarkt, 1960.JPG

> **Author:** Karoline Wittmann

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Karoline_Wittmann,_Jahrmarkt,_1960.JPG

=====

> **Filename:** Farm-tractor - Delapouite - white - game-icons.svg

> **Author:** Delapouite

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Farm-tractor_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg

=====

> **Filename:** Water-fountain - Delapouite - white - game-icons.svg

> **Author:** Delapouite

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Water-fountain_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg

=====

> **Filename:** Spooky-house - Delapouite - white - game-icons.svg

> **Author:** Delapouite

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Spooky-house_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg

=====

> **Filename:** Medieval-pavilion - Delapouite - white - game-icons.svg

> **Author:** Delapouite

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Medieval-pavilion_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg

=====

> **Filename:** Magick-trick - Delapouite - white - game-icons.svg

> **Author:** Delapouite

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Magick-trick_-_Delapouite_-_white_-_game-icons.svg

=====

> **Filename:** Bleeding-heart - Lorc - white - game-icons.svg

> **Author:** Lorc

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Bleeding-heart_-_Lorc_-_white_-_game-icons.svg

=====

> **Filename:** DarkFieldEdit.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Derivative Of:**

> **Name:** Empty Field With Light Poles And Sky (31266171577).jpg

> **Author:** Jernej Furman

> **License:** CC Attribution 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Empty_Field_With_Light_Poles_And_Sky_(31266171577).jpg

> **Name:** Spinning Youth (250245119).jpeg

> **Author:** Lucas Ciruzzi

> **License:** CC Attribution 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Spinning_Youth_(250245119).jpeg

=====

> **Filename:** Forevertron_bridge.jpg

> **Author:** Jeremy Faludi

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Forevertron_Bridge.jpg

=====

> **Filename:** Friesian Sculpture.jpg

> **Author:** John Lee Lopez

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Friesian_Sculpture.jpg

=====

> **Filename:** Ferris (247496661).jpeg

> **Author:** Kevin Doncaster

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:**https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ferris_(247496661).jpeg

=====

> **Source:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-821)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Title:** 821-new.jpg

> **Author:** Anonymous

> **Release year:** 2020

=====
