@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Noticia+Text&display=swap');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Stalemate&display=swap');

.pre-islean {

    background-size: 100%;

    background-position: 0% 0%;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-image: url("https://www.transparenttextures.com/patterns/rice-paper-2.png");

    background-color: #ebc384;

    padding: 14px;

    width: 90%;

    margin: 0 auto;

}

.islean {

    background-size: 100%;

    background-position: 0% 0%;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-image: url("https://www.transparenttextures.com/patterns/rice-paper-2.png");

    background-color: #ebc384;

    border: solid 2px #4b472d;

    padding-top: 2px;

    padding-bottom: 2px;

    padding-left: 0;

    padding-right: 0;

    margin: 0 auto;

    font-family: 'Noticia Text', serif;

    color: #4b472d;

}

.islean hr {

    background-color: #4b472d;

    height: 2px;

}

.cell-islean-1 {

    width: 33%;

    text-align: center;

}

.cell-islean-2 {

    width: 33%;

    padding: 10px;

    font-size: 85%;

    font-weight: bold;

    text-align: justify;

}

.title-islean {

    font-size: 120%;

    font-weight: bold;

    text-decoration: underline;

}

.writing-islean {

    display: inline-block;

    font-family: "Stalemate", cursive;

    font-size: 210%;

    transform: rotate(-4deg);

}

@media (max-width: 767px) {

    .pre-islean {

        width: 95%;

    }

    .writing-islean {

        transform: rotate(-2deg);

    }

}

.centered{

     text-align: center;

}

=====

=====

**SCP-512** - There's no rain above the clouds

**Authors:**  from the previous SCP-512 ("Gravity-Nullifying Umbrella") written by  and rewritten by  and Anonymous

**Item #:** SCP-512

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** The remains of SCP-512 are stored in a standard containment locker at Site-77.

All requests for access to SCP-512 must be directed to the Islean Culture and History Research Division.

**Description:** SCP-512 designates an umbrella composed of a white silk canopy, a brass frame, and a handle made of wood and ivory, originating from [Nx-012 ("Univers'Isle")](locations-of-interest#univers-isle). A non-anomalous good luck charm — traditionally affixed to Islean farming tools as a superstition to improve crop yields — is attached to SCP-512's canopy.

A Class II Thaumaturgical Seal holds SCP-512 in a closed position, preventing any attempt to open the object. Apart from this seal, although the armature beneath SCP-512's canopy cannot be fully observed, no structural or mechanical anomalies likely to prevent its opening have been observed from the outside. Any attempt to introduce non-anomalous materials Notably devices such as cameras and measuring instruments.  into SCP-512 has so far failed, as these are systematically expelled on entering the canopy.

When held, SCP-512 induces the levitation of non-living objects within a radius of ~8 meters, lifting them to a height of up to ~5 meters. Affected objects maintain a fixed distance relative to SCP-512, even when it is moved, provided the object remains in the user's hand. The greater the mass of the levitating objects, the more thaumaturgic energy SCP-512 expends to sustain elevation. This energy is distributed around the affected objects. SCP-512's seal appears to draw from the same thaumaturgic source to remain active.

The distribution of SCP-512's thaumaturgic energy can be quantified by measuring its degree of reality and that of the levitating objects. The thaumaturgic energy stored within SCP-512 bends reality to a degree of 111 Hm.

| Objects Raised | Weight | SCP-512 Local Degree of Reality | Objects Degree of Reality | Total Degree of Reality |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| None | 0 kg | 111 Hm | 0 Hm | 111 Hm In this case, the entirety of the object's thaumaturgic energy is used to keep the seal active.  |
| Two packs of water | 11 kg | 109 Hm | 2 Hm | 111 Hm |
| Three bags of cement | 105 kg | 98 Hm | 13 Hm | 111 Hm |
| Four washing machines | 320 kg | 71 Hm | 40 Hm | 111 Hm |
| Two grand pianos | 510 kg | 47 Hm | 64 Hm | 111 Hm |
| Five boulders | 820 kg | 9 Hm | 102 Hm | 111 Hm |
It is currently assumed that levitation represents only the initial aspect of SCP-512’s overall properties. Its true nature is not expected to be fully understood until the object is open. Further research is ongoing.

**Addendum 512.1:** Incident 512.1

In order to study SCP-512 in its open position, the decision was taken to deactivate its Thaumaturgic Seal by locally reducing its Degree of Reality to 2 Hm Baseline Degree of Reality at which current normality is set.  via the levitation of a significant mass of objects. In this way, the entire thaumaturgic energy is concentrated on the levitated objects, thus depriving the seal of its supply, without the risk of altering SCP-512's anomalous properties by means of thaumaturgic rituals/tools.

= **<BEGIN LOG>**

*[A boulder is introduced via an elevator into the containment chamber. A Class-D personnel and SCP-512 are already present inside the chamber.]*

**Dr. Janssen:** Very well. D-8975, we will begin. You are authorized to hold the umbrella.

*[At the moment D-8975 takes SCP-512 in hand, the boulder starts to levitate in the air.]*

**Dr. Janssen:** Please report the value you see on the counter wired to the umbrella.

**D-8975:** I'm reading 91 Hm.

*[Another boulder is brought in via the elevator.]*

**Dr. Janssen:** You may proceed.

*[The same operation is repeated several times until SCP-512's Degree of Reality is lowered to values never before reached.]*

**D-8975:** 6 Hm.

**Dr. Janssen:** We will bring in the seventh and final boulder.

*[The last boulder is brought in via the elevator.]*

**Dr. Janssen:** D-8975, you will logically be able to open the umbrella once the counter reaches around 2 Hm. I expect you to describe in detail any changes you observe when the umbrella is opened.

*[Silence.]*

**Dr. Janssen:** By the way... If at any point you believe you can manipulate the boulders or anything else that could jeopardize the chamber or staff, don't test it. Any attempts to misuse the anomaly will result in your termination.

*[Silence.]*

**Dr. Janssen:** Do you understand me clearly?

**D-8975:** Crystal clear.

**Dr. Janssen:** Please approach the boulder.

*[The boulder begins levitating.]*

**D-8975:** The counter reads 3 Hm and the number continues to slowly decrease.

**Dr. Janssen:** Try it. Open the umbrella.

*[When D-8975 opens the umbrella, the seven levitating boulders begin to fall -- one of them toward D-8975. A small piece of paper falls from the now-open SCP-512 canopy.]*

**D-8975:** OH G--

= **<END LOG>**

Following Incident 512.1, SCP-512 was reclassified as Neutralized. SCP-512 is believed to have had its anomalous properties deactivated during the brief window in which it remained open prior to neutralization.

**Addendum 512.2:** Islean Usage Notice

The following is the paper note that remained inside SCP-512 until it was opened during Incident 512.1.

= ~ Umbrellas of Irrigation ~

---

Preface

Employment

Complaint

The venerable Islean Peasant Society doth present unto all its members a most wondrous umbrella, enchanted by the hands of the kingdom’s most learned magicians. By virtue of its powers, water riseth of itself without labour, doth suspend in the air, and falleth anon upon thy lands at thy command.

No need to raise rain-making squids, nor to toil beneath the burden of buckets: this marvellous contrivance causeth rain to fall upon thy fields as if the very clouds obeyed thy bidding.

Approach ye a lake, a pond, or some vapoury gathering laden with water, and keep thy umbrella closed. The water of the vicinity shall then ascend of itself into the air.

Await that the desired quantity be suspended, which shall follow thee faithfully so long as said umbrella remaineth shut.

Proceed thereafter unto thy cultivated lands and open the umbrella. The water shall fall again upon the crops, and thou shalt remain dry beneath thy canopy.

Should any inconvenience arise, you are to deliver this voucher unto the Islean Peasant Society, appending thereto a written declaration of your complaint.

@@ @@

Th'umbrell do raise not but water, nay, it pull up all things close by. Be mighty vexin' to use. I did seal it fast, for fear some dullard open it an' take some stuff full in th'face

<< [SCP-511](SCP-511) | SCP-512 | [SCP-513](SCP-513) >>

=====

> **Name:** Parasol

> **Author:** Metropolitan Museum of Art

> **License:** [CC0 1.0 DEED](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en)

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Parasol_MET_1984.579.jpg)

=====
