]

Info about the article

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains transphobia and references to eating disorders and suicidal ideation. 

---

**Special Containment Procedures:**  SCP-8721 is kept in a modified human containment chamber with no windows or recording equipment. No personnel, including any other sapient organisms, are permitted to directly observe, experiment on, or otherwise record or view photographic data of SCP-8721 without permission from Lead Researcher Dr. Victor Eigner. SCP-8721 is permitted to request items for nourishment, all of which are subject to approval by Dr. Eigner.

SCP-8721 is considered missing by the Sanford Police Department; however, due to the low-profile nature of its disappearance, no further action is necessary. Foundation Personnel embedded in the Sanford Police Department are currently engaged in misdirecting efforts to locate SCP-8721, most of which have been initiated by its former partner, Markus Howell. 

---

**Description:** When observed by independent sapient subjects, SCP-8721's physical appearance will exhibit either male or female sex characteristics.

"Observation" can be loosely be defined as occurring through the following methods:

* Direct observation by a sapient organism.

* Photographic, audio, or video recordings of SCP-8721.

* Physical, electronic, or verbal communication regarding SCP-8721's birth sex by individuals who were cognizant of this information prior to December 4th, 2009.

 

Its central anomaly prohibits physical or epistemic information regarding its assigned sex at birth from being interpreted.

While there is no consensus on SCP-8721's biological sex, it has consistently appeared as a twenty-five year old individual of Caucasian descent. Physical documents that would be expected to contain SCP-8721’s birth sex exist, including a driver's license, birth certificate, and Florida ID card; however, any sapient organisms viewing this information are rendered incapable of recalling or communicating anything related to SCP-8721's assigned sex at birth. Attempts to document or otherwise reprint this information has failed; therefore, SCP-8721's assigned sex at birth is currently undetermined. How each independent observer views SCP-8721's sex characteristics is theoretically linked to their own preconceived bias of -SCP-8721. Similar results occur when SCP-8721’s genetic material is analyzed. 

SCP-8721 exhibits a secondary ontokinetic property. Continued misrepresentation of SCP-8721 as either male or female has caused its Hume levels to decay when left unobserved for extended periods of time, following an observation.SCP-8721 is a moderate reality bender, it exhibits a Kant score of 60/130 when observed. Its Hume levels gradually stabilize towards baseline when it is observed. 

**Discovery:** SCP-8721 was contained by Foundation personnel on December 9th, 2009 following its voluntary commitment into a Meadows Psychiatric Hospital in Sanford, Florida. Civilian staff present at the hospital noted inconsistencies in its gender description, and were unable to interpret any records of its assigned sex at birth. From December 4th to 9th, SCP-8721 was housed in isolation until its anomalous properties were presented to Dr. Victor Eigner, a Foundation para-biologist who was employed as a radiologist at Meadows at the time.   

Prior to December 4th, SCP-8721 lived in Sanford, Florida with its partner, Markus Howell.  Attempts by the Foundation to follow up with individuals related to SCP-8721 were unsuccessful in ascertaining SCP-8721's birth sex. Neighbors and friends of SCP-8721 claimed that it identified as non-binary. While SCP-8721's estranged biological parents were aware of its birth sex, personnel were unable to preserve this information. 

---

**Addendum X.1** 

Following SCP-8721's transportation to Site-91, Dr. Eigner conducted a preliminary interview to determine the extent of SCP-8721's anomaly. Note that, prior to SCP-8721 being relocated to Site-91, Dr. Eigner and other non-Foundation staff present at the hospital had disagreed on SCP-8721's biological sex, even following a physical examination which included an ultrasound and full-body MRI. 

**Date:** 12/09/09

**Interviewee:** Dr. Victor Eigner

**Interviewed:** SCP-8721

---

**Begin Log**

---

**Dr. Eigner:** Good evening, uh, SCP-8721. 

**SCP-8721:** SCP-Whu? 

**Dr. Eigner:** Given your circumstances, I'd thought it would be appropriate to use your designation--it's the number we assign to anomalies, such as yourself. 

**SCP-8721:** Oh. Jordan's fine. So...I'm guessing you aren't my new shrink right? I feel like I'm going nuts in here. *(SCP-8721 laughs dryly.)*

**Dr. Eigner:**  I'm what you'd call a para-biologist with the Foundation here, I specialize in-

**SCP-8721:** Para-biologist? Is this a joke?

**Dr. Eigner:** Ahem. I specialize in anomalous biology.

**SCP-8721:** Anomalous... biology? That's a new one. Most folks usually begin with the slurs.

**SCP-8721:** Well, uh, where is *my* doctor? How long am I going to be stuck here? 

**Dr. Eigner:** I'll be in charge of your care for the foreseeable future.

**SCP-8721:** It's already been seventy-two hours. Do I get a phone call or something?

**Dr. Eigner:**  No. We're here to talk about what has been happening to you for the past four days.

**SCP-8721:** Normally, that's what my shrink is for.

**Dr. Eigner:**  The folks at Meadows gave contradictory reports of your physical appearance, and haven't been able to establish a coherent description of your... appearance.

**Dr. Eigner:** I was sent these documents from your intake a couple days ago. 

*Dr. Eigner places a small stack of papers on the desk.* 

**SCP-8721:** What is this?

*Dr. Eigner picks up a copy of SCP-8721's birth certificate, glances at it, then shows it to SCP-8721.* 

**Dr. Eigner:** We were hoping you'd help with that. 

**SCP-8721:** Uh, that's my birth certificate. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Right. We've got everything-ultrasounds, your ID card-but it's telling us absolutely nothing about you. *[He gestures vaguely in the direction of the stack of documents.]* We don't know anything about your assigned sex at birth.

*SCP-8721 chokes, before laughing loudly. This lasts for fifteen seconds.*

**SCP-8721:** Oh, you're serious.

**Dr. Eigner:** We've received contradictory descriptions of you from the staff here as well, though I'm starting to believe that that might be unintentional on your part. 

**SCP-8721:** Is that why I'm here? You people think I'm a... what? Shapeshifter?  Skinwalker? Listen, I know I'm...different than most folks from around here.

*Dr. Eigner leans languidly against his chair. He doesn't break eye contact with SCP-8721.*

**Dr. Eigner:**  Whatever you've got going on started quite recently.

**SCP-8721:** I've been this way my whole life, alright? It never was a problem, until--

**Dr. Eigner:** Then, do you mind telling me, in a single word, what your biological sex is? 

**SCP-8721:** At least buy me a coffee first. *[It laughs awkwardly and shifts in in its seat.]*

**Dr. Eigner:** Jordan, I know this is alarming for you--

**SCP-8721:** How'd you feel if someone asked what you've got swinging between your legs?

**Dr. Eigner:** Well that's not...

**SCP-8721:** I'm fucking with you. 

**SCP-8721:** Fine, I was [DATA EXPUNGED].

**Dr. Eigner:** Can you say that again? I don't think I caught it.

**SCP-8721:** I’m [DATA EXPUNGED]. 

**Dr. Eigner:** I... Well I know you're saying it but, I can't seem to get it to stick. *[To himself.]* Fascinating. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Are you female?

**SCP-8721:**  No?

**Dr. Eigner:** Male?

**SCP-8721:** Doesn't sound right, either.

**Dr. Eigner:** Well, it has to be one of them.

*SCP-8721 shrugs and looks away from Dr. Eigner.*

*Dr. Eigner leafs through his clipboard.*

**Dr. Eigner:** What were you studying at University, Jordan? 

*SCP-8721 lowers its shoulders and its posture appears languid. It takes a deep breath before answering.*

**SCP-8721:** I was on break... When, um, well I was gonna take a break, from school, I mean. But I started my Master’s in molecular biology last fall. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Ambitious. You were living with Mr. Howell, is that right? 

**SCP-8721:** Yeah... We, uh, well he was paying for it while I went to school. 

**Dr. Eigner:** What led you to seeking psychiatric care at Meadow’s? 

**SCP-8721:** I dunno. I just.. I’ve been struggling with some things. I was supposed to get help there before I… 

**Dr. Eigner:** And Mr. Howell, was he helping at all?

**SCP-8721:** I didn't want to bother him, y'know? He's got his own stuff going on. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Did Mr. Howell consider himself a homosexual?

**SCP-8721:** I--What? I don't know. Why does that matter? 

**Dr. Eigner:**  I suppose if we can't understand you through *you*, I was thinking... Well, never mind. 

**Dr. Eigner:** What about before the fourth? Anything notable or strange happen to you? To Mr. Howell?

**SCP-8721:**  Not really. I was just...I've always been fucking weird, y'know? Bleached hair, nose-ring--not the kinda person you'd see crawling around in Sanford. I mean, I've been all screwed up inside for as long as I can remember. 

**SCP-8721:** It didn't feel out of the ordinary when...it happened 

**SCP-8721:**  I just... It's been two weeks since I last spoke to him. I'm sorta like this parasite, I can't help myself. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Parasite?

**SCP-8721:** It's just that... he's got it all figured out, y'know. But it's like...I have to latch on to him for everything. Sometimes I don't think what was between could be called love, y'know. It's loaded with commitment, and I don't think either of us could have afforded that.

**SCP-8721:** It's like I need him-anyone-to validate my existence.

**Dr. Eigner:** Does he?

**SCP-8721:**  I'm not sure. 

**Dr. Eigner:** So, prior to December 4th, you never experienced... something like this? People forgetting? Or a sense that your body is changing against your will?

**SCP-8721:** *[Hesitates and looks away from Dr. Eigner]* That's just puberty. But I haven't... I mean it's obvious. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Well it seems that whatever happened this past week must have corrupted all documents associated with you-your assigned sex at birth-as well.

**Dr. Eigner:** Can you read any of these documents for me?

*SCP-8721 leans forward and grimaces.*

**SCP-8721:** Y'know folks always look at me like I've got two heads. I've been asked if I've even got a soul. I mean, of course I do! It's just shaped differently, and I suppose that's what folks see. 

**Dr. Eigner:** And what exactly is that?

**SCP-8721:** Excuse me?

**Dr. Eigner:** The shape of your... soul? 

**SCP-8721:** Female, I guess? For now, at least.

**SCP-8721:** Well it's like...*[SCP-8721 stares at the wall behind Dr. Eigner as it speaks.]* It's like I'm swaying towards being female--I'm bound by *those* parts. *[Hesitates]* No wonder you don't seem to know how to respect me.

**Dr. Eigner:**  That's a bit presumptuous.  

**SCP-8721:** But am I right?

**Dr. Eigner:** *[He clicks his pen for a moment, and sighs.]]* I don't have anything to say to that, Jordan. It's your body, isn't it? You should be able to make up your mind.

**SCP-8721:** I can't see why that matters anymore, since no one chooses to see me the way I want to. 

**Dr. Eigner:** I've got a couple of questions about that, then we'll be done. Alright?

**SCP-8721:** *(Hesitates)* Sure. Whatever.

**Dr. Eigner:** Right, so looking at you right now, you appear feminine--you have breasts, at least. Even when we had two or more subjects looking at you at the same time, they would come to separate to conclusions. How does that feel from your perspective? 

**SCP-8721:** Does it matter what I think?

**Dr. Eigner:** I just need you to be honest. 

**SCP-8721:** *[SCP-8721 stares at its hands for a moment before answering]* I feel-right now, that is-like I'm supposed to be a girl, but that... that doesn't fit right. If I say I'm a girl, it ain't right.

**Dr. Eigner:** And if I were to bring someone else in here, and they told me you were a man instead, how would your body respond to two of us looking at you?

**SCP-8721:** *[Shrugs lethargically.]* It's not a feeling I can quite put to words. Like, how would you describe the color *green* to a blind person?

*Dr. Eigner frowns, furrows his brows in thought.* 

**Dr. Eigner:** I see. Thank you for your time.

---

**<End Log>**

---

*SCP-8721’s gender expression, including its biological sex, must exist in a sort of coherent superposition, as evidenced by the contradictory statement made by myself and Dr. Kohn when viewing SCP-8721. Further experimentation is recommended to fully understand the nature of SCP-8721’s anomalous nature. Hume testing is recommended to determine if its abilities constitute a reality bending anomaly.*

                                                                                                                                — Dr. Victor Eigner

---

A preliminary interview was conducted with SCP-8721's partner, Markus Howell, to determine the extent of its ontokinetic and infoallergenic properties. Howell, a cisgender male, has been in a romantic relationship with SCP-8721 for two years.

**Date:** 12/11/09

**Interviewee:** Officer Damian Brant

**Interviewed:** Markus Howell

---

**Begin Log**

---

**Howell:** Is this about Jordan? Have you found them?

**Brant:** No, we were hoping that you’d give us some additional details about them. Were they acting different prior to… disappearing?

**Howell:** Jordan’s been…*off* for as long as I can remember—or at least as long as we’ve been together. Not in a bad way! They're just different. And you could tell. I thinks that’s why I've gravitated towards them.

**Brant:** Different?

**Howell:** Y’know, head in the clouds, always speaking in riddles. 

**Brant:** How long have you known each other? 

**Howell:** They sort of just showed up one day. Looked like they'd been running for a while. Caught them walking by the interstate--the bridge. It must've been a while. I remember that the canal was full back then. I'd asked if they were going for a swim and we just... 

**Howell:** I wouldn't call it love at first sight. I'm not sure what they were doing doing up there so early in the morning. I guess I wanted to be a hero. They didn't have a place to stay so...*He shrugs.* 

**Brant:** You let h-them stay with you?

**Howell:** No, but there's only like two hundred folks in Sanford. We were bound to meet again eventually. Things just sorta happen. Everyone else I'd known since diapers. Jordan was new, different. That sounds *awful* when I say it like that. 

**Brant:** Did anything change leading up to their disappearance? Anything at all? Did they seem more aloof than usual?

**Howell:** Aloof? No, I don’t think. It’s hard to remember… They were always the kind of person to think they were a burden to everyone. Like they took up too much space… But no, I don’t think they’d changed at all.  I just woke up and they were gone. 

**Howell:** You don’t think I’m involved?

**Brant:** No, not at all! 

**Howell:** Did something happen?

**Brant:** Uh, I'm not at liberty to disclose... We just had a couple of questions. You've referred to Jordan as "they"--

*Mr. Howell sighs and rolls his eyes.*

**Brant:** --is that how Jordan referred to themself?

**Howell:** I'm not sure what that has to do with anything. 

**Brant:** It might help us in identifying them.

**Howell:** Wh-- Identifying? 

**Brant:** We just need your cooperation, okay? Do you know what their assigned sex at birth was?

**Howell:** Jesus Christ... I...

*He pauses and appears to become dazed for a moment.*

**Howell:** I don't... I can't remember. I don't think it matters.

---

**End Log**

---

**Addendum X.2**

The gradual decay of SCP-8721's Hume levels was initially noted on 20/12/2009 following a series of examinations conducted by Dr. Eigner. Prior to 20/12, there were no Kant counters installed within SCP-8721's containment chamber as there was no reason to believe that its anomalous properties posited any deviations from baseline reality. 

However, a series of complaints submitted by SCP-8721 during the period leading up to December 20th revealed that it had began experiencing uncontrollable fits of metamorphosis undercut with periods of unusual dissociation. Due to SCP-8721's low priority, the complaints were largely dismissed by the staff assigned to it. 

SCP-8721's growing instability was revealed through its occasional dialogue with Dr. Eigner. SCP-8721 claimed to experience growing sensations of disorientation, which was dismissed by the research team as being related to past suicidal ideation and a negative reaction to its medication SCP-8721 was prescribed the atypical anti-pyschotic, risperidone, on November 9th. It was unclear whether SCP-8721's adverse reactions were a result of the medication. Despite this, it has been clear that while in Foundation custody, SCP-8721 has demonstrated increased feelings of paranoia and dissociation. 

Against the advice of Head Researcher Kohn, Dr. Eigner continued performing observational experiments on SCP-8721, which involved subjecting it to further observations, sometimes including more than three D-Class individuals in the room. Descriptions of SCP-8721's sex remained inconsistent. No further action was deemed necessary. 

---

One month into SCP-8721's containment, its Hume levels began to decay unexpectedly, leading to the discovery of its secondary anomalous property. No immediate cause as to why this began to occur had been ascertained at the time, and Dr. Eigner insisted on follow-up interviews in order to diagnose the cause.  

**Date:** 01/05/2010

**Interviewer:** Dr. Victor Eigner

**Interviewee:** SCP-8721

---

**<Begin Log>**

---

**Dr. Eigner:** Good evening,*[Stutters].* J-Jordan. I’ve put in your request for a Walkman. My colleague should be getting that for you within a couple of days. 

**SCP-8721:** Days? How hard is it to get a fucking Walkman around here? I can't even use the internet. 

**Dr. Eigner:** I'm doing my best to expedite your requests. You're not the sole anomaly under my care. 

**SCP-8721:** Could you at least listen to me? 

**Dr. Eigner:** I'm doing everything under my power to ensure you remain stable, but right now I'm concerned that leaving you unobserved for extended periods of time will lead to...unintended consequences. 

**SCP-8721:** Unintended consequences?

**Dr. Eigner:** Your Hume levels-

**SCP-8721:** My what?

**Dr. Eigner:** A *Hume* is a measurement of your reality-altering capabilities. Your Hume levels appear to be decaying at an accelerating rate when you are left unobserved.

**SCP-8721:** For fuck's sake--

**Dr. Eigner:** Watch your language. 

**SCP-8721:** So what will happen when...when my Hume levels reach zero? 

**Dr. Eigner:** *Chuckles nervously and avoids eye contact with SCP-8721.* I don't think we should be worried about that quite yet. I've scheduled some additional examinations.

**SCP-8721:** *More?* I don't understand why...why do you need to do all this?

**Dr. Eigner:** It's our job, SC-Jordan. I'm a biologist-

**SCP-8721:** I don't need to be studied like I'm a rat in a maze. I'm growing tired of switching.

**SCP-8721:** Maybe I'd rather not exist at all.

*SCP-8721 glances at the surveillance camera in the room. At this moment, the only other individual viewing the live feed is Dr. Elijah Kohn, head of the Department of Anomalous Biology. Dr. Eigner had requested that Dr. Kohn view the footage, in order to directly observe SCP-8721 during its duel-presentation stage. During transcription, SCP-8721 appears to possess female characteristics, including breasts and long hair.*Transcribed and observed by Dr. Kohn.

**Dr. Eigner:** Are you experiencing any suicidal ideation?

**SCP-8721:** Huh? No. I mean, I'd rather... *[SCP-8721's voice trails. It appears distracted.]*

**Dr. Eigner:** Is there any particular shape you take when left unobserved? 

**SCP-8721:**  A brick.

**Dr. Eigner:** *[He clicks his tongue and sets his clipboard on the desk.]* I need a serious answer.

**SCP-8721:** Heh. It's a bit of a paradox, isn't it? You can't really prove or disprove whatever I tell you. I could turn into a cat, for all you know. 

**Dr. Eigner:**  Pardon?

**SCP-8721:**  Y'know, Schrodinger's? Never mind. 

**SCP-8721:** Honestly, I don't really know what I am. It's like... I need to be grounded. I need to be seen to prove that I'm real, but no one sees me the way that I   am.

*There is a pause. At this point, Dr. Eigner has began to conclude the interview, collecting his items and moving to stand up. SCP-8721 appears nervous and bites its lips.*

**SCP-8721:** Is that it?

**Dr. Eigner:** Yes, for now. I'll meet with you in a couple of daysDr. Eigner met with SCP-8721 five times within the next week. to see how you're doing. 

---

**<End Log>**

---

---

Increased observation and measurement of SCP-8721's anomaly results in its Hume levels decaying further. This phenomenon resembles a state of superposition, wherein SCP-8721's sex is constantly disturbed by sapient observation. 

Noting that Hume levels within SCP-8721's containment cell, when unobserved, had been a steadily approaching a level consistent with reality sinks, Dr. Eigner scheduled a follow-up interview appointment with SCP-8721. 

**Date:** 01/12/2010

**Interviewee:** Dr. Victor Eigner

**Interviewed:** SCP-8721

---

Begin Log

---

*SCP-8721 was waiting in the interview room with its arms crossed on the table. Its face appeared gaunt. Based on Dr. Eigner's perception, SCP-8721 was determined to appear "unsightly" as it was "extremely skinny and paler than usual." It does not look up when Dr. Eigner enters the room. He is holding a folder containing the results of several physical examinations.*

**Dr. Eingner:** Hello, SCP-8721, it's been a while. The results of the DNA test we took are in. *[He sets the folder on the table. SCP-8721 looks at before lowering its gaze.]* 

**SCP-8721:** Why do you keep doing this?

**Dr. Eigner:** It's my job.

**SCP-8721:** Can't you just...Email me? Please. Is there anyone *else* I can speak to?

**Dr. Eigner:** *[Dr. Eigner leans back crosses his arms.]* I apologize, Jo-Jordan. Jordan. There we go. Ahem, but the Site's short staffed. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Has anything changed when you're alone in containment?

**SCP-8721:** *[SCP-8721 fidgets in its seat and hesitates.]* I've started to feel... lighter. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Lighter? 

**SCP-8721:** Not, like, my weight. I mean... I feel like I'm leaking. Spiritually.  SCP-8721 is referring to Hume Decay, or the eventual erasure of an object or entity from baseline.

**Dr. Eigner:** That's...*[He shuffles through his clipboard.]]* That's fascinating. *Leaking...Spiritually*... That really isn't doing much for me. Can you describe it?

**SCP-8721:** *[Shrugs.]]* Like there's a hole in my soul. And I'm trying to dig myself out of it, but there's too much...to much sand and I end up just burying myself further.  

*SCP-8721 hesitates for a moment, its eyes darting between the table and Eigner, as if unsure if they should continue.*

**SCP-8721:** No, I mean, I don't know. *[SCP-8721 shifts nervously in its seat]* Would you stop looking at me?

*Dr. Eigner turns his gaze away from SCP-8721 for a moment, allowing it to regain its composure.*

**SCP-8721:** Listen, I just... I just don't need to be looked at, right now. 

---

**End Log**

---

**Notes:** SCP-8721's statement concerning "leaking spiritually" appears consistent with expectations of gradual Hume decay. There has been no record in existing literature of a similar phenomena occurring in sentient ontokinetic anomalies. Given the unprecedented nature of SCP-8721's anomaly, further testing  is recommended. 

---

**Addendum X.3**

Following several complaints made by SCP-8721 to the Department of Anomalous Biology's Head Researcher Elijah Kohn regarding to its treatment by Dr. Eigner, SCP-8721 was scheduled for several sessions with Site Parapsychologist Dr. Jonathan Lin. Prior to the meeting, SCP-8721 was permitted a laptop with access only to the site's intranet. Dr. Lin had agreed to honor SCP-8721's desire to not be viewed directly, and thus the interview was conducted over SCiPnet.

Junior Researcher Lin further requested that their communications be conducted solely over a secure, encrypted chat log. He refused to look at any photographs or listen to any recordings of SCP-8721, as per its wishes. Due to Junior Researcher Lin's disproportionate interest in SCP-8721, his request for encryption was denied. All communication between Researcher Lin and SCP-8721 were monitored by Dr. Eigner.

Researcher Lin volunteered to conduct counselling sessions siting his experience in working in cross proximity with humanoid anomalies, particularly reality benders, over the past five years he has been with the Foundation.

**Date:** 02/13/2010

**Interviewee:** Dr. Victor Eigner

**Interviewed:** SCP-8721

---

**Lin:** Good morning, SCP-8721. Dr. Eigner should have told you already, but my name is Dr. Jonathan Lin. I’m a parapsychologist. You can refer to me as Junior Researcher Lin.

**SCP-8721:** Ugh. Are you gonna probe my brain or something?

**Lin:** No. Dr. Eigner and I have, for a lack of better terminology, completely different approaches. I’ve seen he’s been doing a lot of one-on-one interviews with you, despite your refusal to be looked at.

**SCP-8721** So you’re the good cop?

**SCP-8721:** I thought they were gonna give me internet access finally. I mean, it's good to finally have a laptop and all, but there’s nothing to do on here. They won’t even let me download any games, which is like, total bullshit.

**Lin:** Before we get started, would you share how you’d like me to refer to you? Not your name, but your preferred pronouns, if any.

**SCP-8721:** They/them is fine.

**SCP-8721:** Eigner called me an “it.”

**Lin:** I’m afraid *that* is also part of standard procedures. But I was able to convince Site Director Huang that it would be best to allow you to have a say in that, at least.

**SCP-8721:** Oh. Thanks, I guess. Um. I wanted to ask you something–do you know when I could go home? Mark probably thinks I'm dead, hah.

**Lin:**  I've consulted with the Head of Biology regarding your treatment, and we've decided that counselling would be more effective. Dr. Eigner's experiments have been, at best, unnecessary.

**SCP-8721:** You mean like my gender right? I don’t get why it’s such a big deal. It's only a problem when other people look at me, y'all could just lock me up cottage in the woods or whatever.

**Lin:** You're safest here. We’re supposed to help you, though I recognize that my colleague’s methods have been… unorthodox.

**SCP-8721:** Cruel, more like.

**Lin:** I can't say I agree with Dr. Eigner's methods. 

**SCP-8721:**  And you're hear asking the same damn questions. Nothing ever changes. You've seen the interrogations, the gaslighting. I just don’t like being perceived. 

**Lin:**  People find it difficult putting me in a box that isn’t my office.I’m not quite a man, nor a woman. Something in the middle on my best days. Does that sound familiar to you?

**SCP-8721:** Wouldn't be so hard if you people just listened, don't ya think?

**Lin:**  I've been reading the transcripts of the interviews my colleague Dr. Eigner has conducted. He is the stubborn type, but due to the nature of your containment--our inability to place visual recording devices within your *room*, I was wondering if Eigner, at any time, established any inappropriate contact with you.

**SCP-8721:** I.. I get the heebie-jeebies when he looks at me.  Not sure if that counts. 

**Lin:**  Are you sure?

**SCP-8721:** Yeah, I think so. His vibes are super fucked. 

**Lin:**  I'll have a word with Kohn to see if we can find a solution. In the meanwhile, there's little I can do; though, I'd appreciate it if you were cooperative and honest. 

**SCP-8721:** Right, as long as that freak stays away from me.

**Lin:** I'll see what I can do. 

Following his meeting with SCP-8721, Johnathan Lin convened with Dr. Eigner regarding his treatment of SCP-8721. 

---

**Begin Log**

---

**Lin:** You're late, Dr. Eigner.

**Dr. Eigner:** Excuse my imprudence. I've been occupied.

**Lin:** With Jordan?

**Dr. Eigner:** That doesn't concern you, uh, Mister Lin, is it?

*Researcher Lin  can be  heard placing a sheet of paper on the table between them.*

**Lin:** Researcher Lin is fine. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Ah, not a doctor yet. 

**Lin:** This form was submitted by Jordan three weeks ago, but it only came to my attention this morning.

**Dr. Eigner:** On such short notice, too. 

**Lin:** Yes, well, I'm concerned with the treatment of humanoid anomalous at Site-91. According to your manifest, Jordan's Hume levels have been declining since... February. Why did you not take action sooner?

**Dr. Eigner:** I've received clearance from the Committee to experiment on it. And as Jordan has *requested*, you're here. I see no reason for all this fuss. 

**Lin:** They've requested that all observations of it cease immediately--

**Dr. Eigner:** I'm being thorough.

**Lin:** Thorough? Jordan has requested-

**Dr. Eigner:** Don't get yourself too personally involved, *Researcher Lin*. 

**Lin:** What is that supposed to mean? It's my job to ensure Jordan's emotional health. Have you considered that their anomaly might be tied to their emotional sate, Dr. Eigner? Surely, that's a valid hypothesis.

**Dr. Eigner:** It's still in good health. I've followed all the necessary guidelines.

**Lin:** Then why haven't you quit the pointless experiments? Do you enjoy tormenting it?

**Dr. Eigner:** Watch your tone, Researcher.

**Lin:** It's gradually disappearing from baseline, *doctor.* You of all people should see where this is leading. I'm not quite sure what your end-game here is. Worried that your career is stagnating? 

**Dr. Eigner:** For how long have you been "working" with the Foundation? Four? Five years? 

**Lin:** I'm qualified enough to realize that Jordan's anomaly is hardly worth the scrutiny you've placed them under.

**Dr. Eigner:** I'm a serious academic, Lin. I've been with the Foundation longer than you've probably been alive. 

**Lin:** And you're afraid your time is almost up.

**Dr. Eigner:** Ha!  Its unfortunate that such a fascinating anomaly happens to sapient. Would be much easier to probe it if it were just a box or--

**Dr. Eigner:**  Don't give me that look. You're a fledgling at the Foundation. What Jordan has is a biological disorder. You could stand to learn that these situations are better approached with objectivity. 

**Lin:** You're mistaken, here I imagined the two of us both wanted what was in the best interest of Jordan.

*Dr. Eigner is heard chuckling.*

**Dr. Eigner:** That's where the two of us differ. I am after what's in the best interest of the Foundation.

**Lin:** And it's my job to ensure that you don't overstep any boundaries. 

**Dr. Eigner:**  Your job? You're with parapsychology, correct?

**Lin:** Well, this is one of many cases where I think that an anomaly is better handled by understanding the human being at the center of it.

**Dr. Eigner:** You're stubborn aren't you?

**Lin:** I prefer the term *pragmatic.*

**Dr. Eigner:** I can't say I appreciate your sudden intrusion.

**Lin:** Hardly an intrusion. Moreso an oversight. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Ha. You're fast, I'll give you that.

**Lin:** Speed isn't much use without direction.

**Dr. Eigner:** Have a good evening, Researcher Lin. I'll send you whatever you need.  A word of advice, from a veteran: Don't get too attached. 

---

**End Log**

---

**To:** j_lin@scpnet.int

**From:** veigner@scpnet.int

**Subject:** SCP-8721 

---

Lin, 

*Jordan's* mental health and safety is of utmost importance to me and the rest of the Department of Anomalous Biology, and we have ensured that its containment reflects this. Our working theory requires occasional observations of it, as a fellow researcher, the you should be well acquainted with this. All of which, so far, have been approved by the Site Director. 

SCP-8721, as you may have gleaned from your interactions with it, is unstable, both in the ontological and ontokinectic sense. I recognize Jordan's desire for autonomy, and I respect it. But such is the nature of researcher that there are costs and sacrifices. Jordan's momentary discomfort is necessary. 

Warmly,

Dr. Victor Eigner

Department of Anomalous Biology

@@ @@

**To:** veigner@scipnet.int

**From:** j_lin@scipnet.int

**Subject:** Re:SCP-8721

---

Dr. Eigner,

I'm concerned that your findings do not outweigh the magnitude of harm you are causing Jordan. They themself have made comments suggesting that your experimentation has caused it distress, and your reporting to the Site Director have been incomplete, lacking, and misconstrue the truth. 

There is no need to pathologize them as much as you have. There is no reason why an insignificant reality bender should be placed under this much scrutiny. In the last three weeks alone, you have subjected SCP-8721 to four separate examinations, of which none have rendered any novel discoveries. Likewise, Jordan's rapidly decreasing Hume levels are of concern. 

I want to remind you that there are boundaries. I have decided to not escalate this further, pending my follow-up appointment with Jordan.

Sincerely,

Junior Researcher Jonathan Lin

Department of Parapyshcology

@@ @@

**To:** e.kohl@scipnet.int

**From:** veigner@scipnet.int

**Subject:** FWD:SCP-8721

---

Kohn, 

I know I shouldn't be escalating an issue this trivial, especially not to you. I want to remain professional, but I cannot appreciate this degree of condescension from a Junior Researcher.

This is my big break, Elijah. How long has it been since I’ve gotten anything worth publishing? SCP-[REDACTED] doesn’t count, and you know it. There’s no practical application in a bacterium that consumes polyethylene and expels methane. A destabilizing Hume anti-meme— when’s the last time Site-91 had anything worth sharing? We’re a circus, Elijah.

You know what I mean. But you've been with me long enough.

@@ @@

**To:** veigner@scipnet.int

**From:** ekohn@scipnet.int

**Subject:** RE:FWD:SCP-8721

---

Dr. Eigner,

I've finished annotating the notes from your last meeting. I’m siding with Lin. Jordan's containment procedures are fairly straight forward. I frankly don’t see the need for further testing. As long as Jordan remains within baseline, I suggest you take a break. 

Unless you demonstrate *anything* that justifies further testing of it, I am inclined to suggest to the Site Director that we withdraw any further funding and place Jordan under the care of the Department of Parapsychology. 

Dr. Elijah Kohn

Head Researcher, Department of Anomalous Biology

Site-91

#### Incident X.1

Since its containment, SCP-8721’s Hume levels within its containment chamber have steadily decayed. Given the concerns Jonathan Lin had brought to Head Researcher Dr. Kohn's attention regarding SCP-8721's treatment, and due to budget constraints, it had been preemptively decided that all further testing of SCP-8721 should cease. Installation of SRAs Scranton Reality Anchors are intended to restrict reality bending within the containment cell had been delayed due to a lack of funding. At this point, SCP-8721's Hume levels were recorded at 20/130 while under observation.

**Date:** 08/08/2010

**Location:** Head Researcher Eljiah Kohn's Office, Site-91

---

**Begin Log**

---

**Dr. Kohn:** Is this thing on?

**Dr. Eigner:**  Red light means it's on. *[Chuckles]]* Don't tell me you're getting old, Eli.

**Dr. Kohn:** You and I both, Victor. I could swear, you've been here longer than I have.

**Dr. Eigner:** Ha, and look at yourself. Head of biology in under fifteen years.

**Dr. Kohn:** *Ahem*. You wanted to speak about SCP-8721--what is it's name again?

**Dr. Eigner:**  It calls itself Jordan. It's Hume levels have decaying.

**Dr. Kohn:** It's...evolving?

**Dr. Eigner:**  In a sense. However, it stabilizes under observation-a process it claims to find disconcerting. 

**Dr. Kohn:**  A contradiction.

**Dr. Eigner:** Precisely. I've started to understand it less closer I try to look.  

**Dr. Kohn:** Well, we've already discussed that there really isn't--

**Dr. Eigner:**  -- much to understand. I know. But even in containment, information about it outside of containment is still undecipherable. I'm concerned it will... cease to exist once the Hume levels decrease substantially. We've spoken to the friends and what little family it had. There isn't much to learn besides the fact that it *existed.*

**Dr. Kohn:** A stoic would have told that to merely exist is enough.

**Dr. Eigner:** Don't give me that, Eli.

**Dr. Kohn:** So, you think its excising itself from reality? 

**Dr. Eigner:**  In a sense, yes. I'm  unsure what will happen to it once the decay reaches a critical level. 

**Dr. Kohn:**  What do you want from me? 

**Dr. Eigner:**  I have something here, Eli. I want this on record. Its Hume levels stabilize under observation-I need another shot, a couple more examinations.  

**Dr. Kohn:** These are dangerous waters you are treading. There won't be much I can do if the Ethics Committee catches wind.

**Dr. Eigner:** The junior-Lin-has proven to be my better half. I've accepted that its easier to go with the tide rather than struggle against it. Afterall, Lin seems to have a head for the emotional stuff.  

**Dr. Kohn:**  You never change, do you? What you want here is my approval.

**Dr. Eigner:**  I've always trusted your judgment. We've worked together for over a decade-I don't remember the last time I've published anything.

**Dr. Kohn:**  *[Dr. Kohn hesitates before replying and sighs.]* Are you sure this isn't simply a vanity project? 

**Dr. Eigner:** Don't start with that-

**Dr. Kohn:** I've worked with you long enough to trust your judgement too, but that doesn't mean it's always been flawless. 

**Dr. Eigner:** You could learn to be more relaxed. 

**Dr. Kohn:** Caution is what put me here, Victor. You'd do well to remember that. 

---

**End Log**

---

On 11/08/2010, Kant counters within SCP-8721’s containment chamber recorded levels consistent with reality sinks. As a precautionary measure, the wing housing SCP-8721 was placed under emergency lockdown. Humanoid anomalies in the adjacent cells were evacuated according to Site protocols. All personnel on the floor were re-assigned for the next twenty-four hours. Due to no further abnormalities were noted in the surrounding area, Dr. Eigner requested to investigate the new anomaly along with an escort. 

However, once Dr. Eigner entered the chamber along with Agent Collin’s, SCP-8721 re-appeared, and Hume levels returned to baseline.

**Date:** 11/08/2020

**Involved Personnel:** Dr. Victor Eiger, Officer Damien Brant, SCP-8721

Officer Brant escorted Dr. Eigner to investigate the state of SCP-8721's containment following the lockdown. The relevant portions of the investigation have been transcribed from Agent Brant's body cam.

---

**Begin Log**

---

*Dr. Eigner is seen entering the secure code leading into SCP-8721's containment cell.*

**Officer Brant:** *[Inspects the doorway, noting no abnormalities.]* I thought it breached?

**Dr. Eigner:** Sort of.

**Officer Brant:** *Sort of?*

**Dr. Eigner:** Y'know how these things go...SCP-8721's Hume levels have been decreasing for the last few months... I didn't think it would actually.

**Officer Brant:** So, it's just gone?

*The door unlocks and slides open. Officer Brant places his hand on his weapon, the doorway is obscured by Dr. Eigner.*

**Officer Brant:**  Doctor? 

*Dr. Eigner enters the room. Officer Brant hesitates before following him.*

**Dr. Eigner:** SCP-8721?

*There is no immediate answer. Dr. Eigner gives Officer Brant a disconcerting glance.*

**Officer Brant:** Is it...?

*SCP-8721 suddenly manifests in the center of the room. It appears disorientated and frightened.*

**SCP-8721:** Holy shit. Holy fucking shit.

*Officer Brant faces the west end of the room. SCP-8721 is huddled underneath a blanket and appears to be nude. Dr. Eigner moves towards it.*

**SCP-8721:** Wait... no.

*SCP-8721 shuffles the blankets over its body.*

**SCP-8721:** What the fuck.

*Dr. Eigner looks at Officer Brant, his mouth is agape and he appears stunned. At this point, Brant has turned the camera away from SCP-8721.*

**Dr. Eigner:** *Ahem.* Sorry to have, uh, intruded. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Right. Uh. We were...Where were you?

**SCP-8721:**  My wha--? I don't know. I don't know what's going on. Where the fuck am I?

**Dr. Eigner:** You're in your containment cell at Site-91.

*SCP-8721 voice appears distant and dazed.*

**SCP-8721:** Yeah, uh. But before, uhm. Where was I?

**Dr. Eigner:** We were hoping you'd have that answer for us. Your Hume levels decreased significantly, we thought you must've somehow displaced yourself from baseline. *[Chuckles.]*

**SCP-8721:** Displaced? I... Well I haven't got a clue what just happened. 

**Dr. Eigner:** That's alright. You did cause a bit of a panic, the whole wing's evacuated. 

**SCP-8721:** I'm sorry, I didn't mean it. I-I'm just really freaked out. 

**Dr. Eigner:** As I said, no need to worry. We'll have to run a couple more tests to see what's going on here. You're sure you don't remember where you were for the past few hours? 

**SCP-8721:** No. Well, it felt like I was dissociating and then I just... It's never been like that before. Like I'm missing a chunk of time. 

**Dr: Eigner:** We'll have Dr. Lin take care of that.

**SCP-8721:** Can I, uh, put on something. *[It gestures towards the closet]]*.

*Dr. Eigner turns to face Officer Brant, and gestures for him to turn around. SCP-8721's breathing can be heard cutting out. Dr. Eigner and Brant immediately turn to face SCP-8721, who  appears dazed.*

**Dr. Eigner:** SCP-8721? I mean, Jor--? 

**SCP-8721:** What the *fuck* is happening to me? 

*Dr. Eigner's eyes dart between the Hume counter mounted on the east wall and SCP-8721.*

**Dr. Eigner:** Brant, call for Kohn. 

---

**End Log**

---

Notes: Hume levels present within SCP-8721’s containment chamber have been steadily decaying since its initial containment at a rate above average environmental decay. All attempts to reverse or completely have failed. On November 8th, SCP-8721 was temporarily excised from baseline reality for a period of 3 hours, five minuets, 33 seconds.

With permission with an emergency referendum from the Ethics Committee, Site Director Huang permitted Dr. Eigner to conduct additional experimentation on SCP-8721 following Incident X.1. Testing was conducted to determine the extent of SCP-8721's sudden inclination to excise itself from baseline reality. This appears to be an extension of its ontokinetic abilities. 

**Test:** SCP-8721 was placed in a chamber with a one-sided mirror and a Kant counter. Kant counters are used to measure reality-bending anomalies with respect to baselines. Junior Researcher Lao stood on the other side and was instructed to cover her eyes with the supplied blindfold.

**Result:** Junior Researcher Lao described SCP-8721 as appearing female. She noted SCP-8721's nervousness, but otherwise did not note any other anomalous properties. Once Lao placed the blindfolds over her eyes, the Hume Levels within the chamber decayed rapidly.

**Test:** SCP-8721 was placed in a chamber with a one-sided mirror and Kant counter. Junior Researchers Lao was instructed to maintain visual contact with SCP-8721. Olsen was instructed to cover his eyes when instructed.

**Result:** Junior Researchers Lao and Olsen both described SCP-8721 as appearing female. After Olsen obscured his vision, SCP-8721's Hume levels slightly decreased; however, it remained tangible within Baseline reality. 

**Test:** SCP-8721 was given a visual recording device used in exploration of extra-dimensional anomalies. It was placed in a windowless chamber without video surveillance, and was instructed to keep the device on for as long as possible.

**Result:** The recovered recording starts with SCP-8721 sent into the chamber. The meta-data recovered from the device cuts out once visual contact with SCP-8721  was lost. The recording starts once Dr. Eigner re-stablished contact with SCP-8721.

SCP-8721's complaints of dissociation from it's body and gradual erosion of its identity occurred following repeated experimentation. While SCP-8721 displays no distinct genetic differences from non-anomalous humans, samples of its DNA, blood, and urine kept in medical storage had also began to exhibit properties of gradual Hume decay. It was suggested that SCP-8721's anomalous properties extend to tissue samples that have been isolated from its main body. 

As a result of this discovery, Dr. Eigner suggested that a thorough investigation to the range of SCP-8721's anomalous properties, particularly its latent ability to excise objects that have been extracted from its body, to be conducted. Following this investigation, several notable objects and testimonies related to SCP-8721, some of which occurring prior to its containment, were uncovered. 

In conjunction with SCP-8721's first documented excision from baseline reality, all known tissue samples of collected from SCP-8721 disappeared. 

Dr. Eigner conducted an interview with SCP-8721 once testing concluded in an attempt to gather data that might have otherwise been neglected. During this interview, SCP-8721 generally appears disheveled. It has lost a significant amount of weight since Incident X.1.  

**Date:** 10/13/2010

**Interviewer:** Dr. Victor Eigner

**Interviewee:** SCP-8721

---

**Begin Log**

---

**Dr. Eigner:** Good morning, SCP-8721. 

**SCP-8721:** *[Inaudible].* Appears to be "fuck off." 

**Dr. Eigner:** It's been a while since I've last seen you. I just wanted to see how you were doing. Brant's been telling me that you haven't been eating your meals. 

**SCP-8721:** I thought I was supposed to speak Johna- Lin. 

**Dr. Eigner:** He's occupied with more important matters at the moment. 

**SCP-8721:** They...

**Dr. Eigner:** Hmm?

**SCP-8721:** They. Lin isn't a him. 

**Dr. Eigner:** Right. Well, we're all concerned about you. Is there a reason you're not eating?

**SCP-8721:** How can I? How can I fucking eat when half the time I'm not sure if I exist? And when I do I feel so...*[SCP-8721 pauses and looks up at Dr. Eigner]* disgusting.

**Dr. Eigner:** Well, it doesn't do anyone any good if you starve yourself. We're adjusting your containment protocols to--

**SCP-8721:** Can I just speak to Mark? Please, before it happens again. 

**Dr. Eigner:** I'll see what I can do.

**Dr. Eigner:** Where do you go, SCP-8721? When you're not here?

**SCP-8721:** I don't know. I'm just... I'm even sure I hate it. But the alternative is...

**Dr. Eigner:** Is it like falling asleep?

**SCP-8721:** No, no. It's like. Uh, I can't describe it. It's like trying to see from the back of your head.  Like I've returned to where I was before I was born. *[It takes a deep breath and swallows]* Why is this happening to me?

**Dr. Eigner:** It's not unusual for anomalous properties to evolve over time, it's just a game of chance.

**SCP-8721:** Like cancer.

**Dr. Eigner:** *[He shrugs.]* It's a bit more... unpredictable than that. With cancer, we can make predictions based on environmental and genetic factors. 

*SCP-8721 lays its head on the table.*

**Dr. Eigner:** *[He sighs.]* I suppose this concludes our interview, I'll check in with Huang and Lin to update your containment plan. If you're able to remember anything, please let us know. Brant should be down here in a few with your meal. 

*Dr. Eigner gets up to leave, but SCP-8721 suddenly lifts its head.*

**SCP-8721:** Wait--I mean, please, can you just stay here? Just for a bit?

**Dr. Eigner:** *[He turns to face SCP-8721. He hesitates before speaking.]*  I'm afraid I have other commitments. If you'd like, I'll ask them to turn on the camera and have someone on the other end watching. How's that sound?

**SCP-8721:** ... Forget it. 

---

**End Log**

---

**Notes:** It is unknown where SCP-8721 disappears to when it is unobserved. Despite this, observation still engenders feelings of unease and stress. As containment should unsure minimizing distress, SCP-8721's containment should focus on minimizing observations. 

**Addendum X.7**

SRAs were installed inside of SCP-8721's containment chamber on 19/10/2010. During the installation, SCP-8721 was temporarily placed in an empty chamber located on the first floor of Site-9. Researcher Jonathan Lin was permitted to speak with SCP-8721 during its brief re-location. This would have been the first time Researcher Lin had been in physical contact with SCP-8721 since its containment. 

**Date:** 19/10/2010

**Location:** First Floor, Site-91

---

**Begin Log**

---

*The video footage is uninterpretable until Researcher Lin walks in. He is holding a DVD copy of the 1983  film 'Sleepaway Camp.'*

**Lin:** Hi, Jordan.

**SCP-8721:** *[It raises a hand, displaying a peace symbol. Its eyes are sunken and it speaks in a hollow voice.]* Yo. Uh-what's that?

 *Researcher Lin looks directly at SCP-8721, but hesitates before taking the seat across from it. SCP-8721 avoids making eye contact with Lin.* 

**Lin:** Thought you'd be lonely up here. I got you something. 

**SCP-8721:** *[SCP-8721 studies the DVD.]* Oh... Don't think I've seen this one before.

**Lin:** Well, I'm old enough to have been there when it came out. 

**SCP-8721:** Seems like another cheap *Halloween* rip-off.

**Lin:** I think you'll enjoy it--I watched with Damien the other night. He didn't seem to get it, but I think you might find something in it.

**SCP-8721:** I appreciate it, I guess. I'll trust your judgement. Most everyone here just treats me like a ghost, anyway. 

**Lin:** But you're  here now, aren't you?

**SCP-8721:** *[It hesitates before looking up.]*  What difference does that make?

**SCP-8721:**...You didn't have to come. They had...what's his name? Brant?

**Lin:** I thought you'd need a break from him. 

**SCP-8721:** Ha. Yeah, he's insufferable. I think I earned a geology degree just listening to him.

**SCP-8721:** Y'know, for a moment, I thought they'd forgotten about me. I was worried that this was some new psychological torture they were testing on me.

**Lin:** Dam~~ Agent Brant's an acquired taste. But he's kind~~or at least as kind as this place allows one to be. I'm getting ahead of myself. 

**Lin:** Eigner told me you wanted to see me. 

**SCP-8721:** ...Yeah. Something along those lines. Actually, I was hoping that you'd see me.

**SCP-8721:**  You're not going to say anything to that?

**Lin:** What is there for me to say, Jordan? You're you.

**SCP-8721:** I am what you make of me. 

**SCP-8721:** ... You don't really look how I imagined you. Like, how old are you? Wait, no, lemme guess: Thirty-six?

**Lin:** Ouch. Thirty-two.

**SCP-8721:** Damn, that's still old as shit. 

**Lin:**  Practically on the cusp of retirement here. 

*SCP-8721 laughs softly.*

**SCP-8721:** I'm just...

**Lin:** Do you want me to leave?

**SCP-8721:** No, stay. It's good to be around... Someone who sees me the right way.

**Lin:**  Oh, how is that?

*SCP-8721 shrugs, but doesn't answer.*

**SCP-8721:** Ugh, I dunno. You should know.

**Lin:** I should?

**SCP-8721:** I mean Dr. Eigner...

**Lin:** Most folks think it's easier to choose one way or the other.

**SCP-8721:** And you just let them?

**Lin:** *[Researcher Lin hesitates.]* I haven't got much of a choice. As much as I disagree with my colleagues, the Foundation's work--

**SCP-8721:** After everything, you still feel that way?

**Lin:** I can't help you, Jordan. Not in the way that you need.

*There is a pause. SCP-8721 starts to fiddle with the DVD cover.*

**Lin:** I... You don't happen to know Mandarin, do you?

**SCP-8721:**  Are you nuts? They won't even let me have supervised internet access on the computer. 

**Lin:** Right, uh. Well, I know you're concerned with the way Dr. Eigner refers to yourself. To me. 

*Lin pauses and closes his eyes momentarily.*

**Lin:** In spoken Mandarin the masculine pronoun tā  他is indistinguishable from the feminine tā 她. They are only separated when written--the feminine pronoun has the radical for *female* 女 while the character for the masculine form has the radical for *person 人.* *[Researcher Lin sketches the hanzi on a piece of paper.]*

*SCP-8721 leans in to take a look.*

**Lin:** The feminine duminative wasn't adopted until the 1920s. One of those needles desires to... categorize. 

**SCP-8721:** Ta?

**Lin:**  "Tā."

**SCP-8721:** Tā.

 

---

**End Log**

---

Researcher Lin and SCP-8721 were interrupted by Site officer Brant alerting Lin that Head of Parapsychology was looking for him. Following the brief meeting, the DVD given to SCP-8721 was confiscated as it wasn't approved by the current head researcher.

Once SCP-8721's anomaly demonstrated no tangible harm to baseline, its care was transferred to the Department of Anomalous Parapsychology researcher Johnathan Lin on 11/02/2011. SCP-8721's containment is to progress as previously directed. 

Since 11/02/2011, SCP-8721's Hume levels are ceased to decay further, though they have not increased substantially. 

**Date:** 11/02/2011

**Interviewer:** Johnathan Lin

**Interviewed:** SCP-8721

---

**Begin Log**

---

**SCP-8721:** Lin.

**Lin:** Good morning, Jordan.

**SCP-8721:** Holy shit, how long has it been?

**Lin:** Couldn't have been more than a week.

**SCP-8721:** Oh. I swear, it's like I'm teleporting.  

**Lin:** And you still don't remember?

**SCP-8721:** *[It shrugs.]* I dunno. Though I it sorta...Feels like home.

**Lin:** Home?

**SCP-8721:** I mean, I don't *hate* it, y'know. 

**Lin:** Huh. 

**SCP-8721:** Though, I think that anywhere would be better than here. 

**SCP-8721:** Do you hate it here?

**Lin:** I'm not at liberty to--

**SCP-8721:** Come on.

**Lin:** ...It's a job, like any other job.

**SCP-8721:** I wouldn't know what that means. Mark was the one who always...

**SCP-8721:** I won't be able to see him again, won't I?

**Lin:** I'm afraid not. Do you want to... talk about him?

**SCP-8721:** *[SCP-8721 hesitates.]* The night before I left, I walked to the bus station. I was thinking of taking the greyhound to... I dunno. LA. Miami. New York. I  ended up going to the bridge that overlooks US-1. It was three in the morning, Mark was asleep. He didn't hear me leave.

**SCP-8721:** I wasn't gonna like...jump or anything. There's a fence around the concrete barrier... Someone's already tried that. There were a couple cars under the overpass, the only sign of life that time of night. Even I... I didn't feel alive. It was one of those nights, y'know, when the world just moves around you and you're just a... prop.

**SCP-8721:** *[SCP-8721 takes a deep breath.]* I wondered what life was like for them. For all those folks I won't ever meet. I thought of Mark waking up without me, wondering if he'd just... fill in the hole I left with somebody else. How long it take him to forget. What his life would be like without me.

**SCP-8721:** I've always felt like my existence was a problem for everyone. I wanted to go somewhere where no one would ever know me.

**SCP-8721:** I know I said I wasn't planning to jump, but...

*SCP-8721 lifts its gaze slowly but keeps its posture lowered. It makes itself small, trying to take up as little space as possible.*

**SCP-8721:** I wondered if I did, I wondered what version of me would be remembered. 

*The room is silent*. SCP-8721's breathing is shallow and it is no longer looking at Researcher Lin.//

**Lin:** ....I might have something for you.

---

**End Log**

---

SCP-8721 was permitted to read the letter that its former partner, Markus Howell, had sent it during its stay at Meadows Psychiatric Hospital. Dr. Eigner had previously prevented SCP-8721 from viewing the letter citing the Ethics Committee policies regarding the containment of humanoid anomalies. Any personal items belonging to the anomaly must have been secured among the artefacts at a *Safe Anomaly* storage unit.

Jordan, 

First off, fuck you. 

Secondly, I miss you.

I was driving off 20th Boulevard this morning, across the bridge where we'd first met. It wasn't much of a view. The river's been dry for twenty years at this point, or at least as long as I've been alive. I was looking over the edge, down into the canyon. The earth was cracked and so dry, it looked sorta grey. Didn't want to think to hard about it, but I think I was looking for you. 

I visited all the places I could think you'd run off to. But you know what this place, twenty people each with a vendetta against you. It's the sort of place people are born to die in, and you've always been passing through, right?

There hasn't been much for me to do these days except think (shocking, I know), but it's mainly of you. I've got all 400 square feet of our shitty little studio for myself, and yet it's gotten smaller. You've taken the space I'd shared with you, I suppose. Between the two of us, it's you that needs the most space. I'm keeping the door unlocked, for whenever you want to crawl back in. 

Whatever's left of you here is gradually fading away. 

There was a beat-up red Corolla by the iHop last week. I stopped because I thought it was yours. But I should have known since you always had a thing against corporate chains that it wasn't yours. You said places like that carried a certain facetiousness in the comfort they peddled. I looked inside anyway, but I should've known you were right.  

The garden is overrun with weeds, I've given up trying to clear out; you always had a knack for stuff like that. It's a miracle I haven't resorted to smothering the land with DMT. There doesn't seem to be a point to it. It always ends the same way, and even if I pulled each root out with my bare hands, they'd grow back stubborn. I've learned to live with those parasites. 

Mark

PS. When you get out, we're going to Waffle House.

**Notes:** SCP-8721's Hume levels stabilized during the duration it was in possession of the letter. What constitutes "observation" is unclear.

<< [SCP-8720](SCP-8720) | SCP-8721 | [SCP-8722](SCP-8722) >>
