]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8689 is to be locked in a padded, soundproofed box guarded by two agents at all times. View into SCP-8689's containment chamber must be done by remote video feed only. Any testing performed must be done by remote drone accompanying any D-Class personnel. 

Additionally, once every two weeks (14 days), one D-Class personnel must be exposed to SCP-8689. Extensive notes should be taken beforehand that indicate the estimated time of completion of the interaction, but should not refer to the individual D-Class personnel directly. 

Unexpected absences in site staff at the location containing SCP-8689, (currently Site-██) should be reported immediately.

**Description:** SCP-8689 is a plastic toy snake, constructed by Shenzhen Weizonglianheng Technology Co., Ltd, a Chinese toy manufacturer. The object displays no differences in internal structure when compared to a baseline toy of the same model, except that flipping the switch to 'on', which would normally activate a light and movement function, instead provokes no discernable reaction. Charging, replacement, and removal of the item's internal battery do not alter its properties.

When a living being has any firsthand sensory interaction with SCP-8689 (observation, touching, etc), they cease to exist. This extends to their presence in photography, writing, and even memory. It is not fully understood what objects associated with an erased subject will survive such an alteration to reality, as the object's properties make testing imprecise and certain results entirely unobservable. Anything with specific reference to an erased individual's identity will be likewise erased, as with anything the subject is in contact with when they were subject to SCP-8689's effect. 

Secondhand interactions, such as viewing of SCP-8689 through video, do not prompt such an anomalous reaction. 

**Addendum 8689.1:** Discovery

SCP-8689 was initially brought to the attention of the Foundation on 03/██/20██ after web-crawlers flagged an online article describing the unusually low number of employees present at a ██████ in ██████████, FL. ██████, which usually operates with a staff of over 30 in most locations, only had 4 active employees on record. No evidence of the firing, resignation, or existence of additional employees was found, despite presence of personal items suggesting a more typical number.

Given the item's nature, documentation of the exact losses by Foundation personnel during recovery is difficult, but is estimated to number at least ██. 

**Addendum 8689.3:** Testing Logs

Due to the nature of SCP-8689, test logs must be structured in this manner without reference to specific individuals. 

> **REQUESTED TEST:** Two D-Class personnel should enter the test chamber. One should wait for the robot assistant to open the box, and then peer into it, while the other remains on the other side, out of view of SCP-8689.

> **OBSERVED RESULTS:** D-63414 entered the chamber accompanied by the robot assistant, and stared at the wall for several seconds. She remained on the opposite side of the box, out of view of SCP-8689. The robot assistant opened the box, waited for ten seconds, and then closed the box. Afterwards, D-63414 appeared confused, looking around as if searching for something, but exited the room after being instructed to do so.

> ----

> **RESEARCHER'S NOTE:** This is about what we predicted. The results are disconcerting; I read the test procedure ahead of time and again now, but even so, I can only remember requesting the one D-Class. I'm marking D-63414 unavailable for further SCP-8689 tests, so she won't get erased and screw up our previous results.

> **REQUESTED TEST:** One D-Class personnel should enter the test chamber and attempt to view SCP-8689 through a hand-held mirror after the robot assistant has opened the box.

> **OBSERVED RESULTS:** The robot assistant entered the room alone, opened the box containing SCP-8689, and then closed it after ten seconds. No mirror was found in the containment chamber, nor was one on record as being requisitioned for the test.

> ----

> **RESEARCHER'S NOTE:** Okay, so the indirect viewing has limits. I'm glad we didn't install a window to the containment chamber.

> **REQUESTED TEST:** One D-Class personnel accompanied by the robot assistant should enter the test chamber, open the box containing SCP-8689, and empty its contents onto the floor. The robot assistant should then place SCP-8689 back into the box.

> **OBSERVED RESULTS:** The robot assistant entered the room alone, opened the box containing SCP-8689, and inexplicably knocked it to the ground. After ten seconds, it placed the item back in its proper containment.

> ----

> **RESEARCHER'S NOTE:** Interesting. I expected the object to just free itself from containment somehow. It appears that it still needs something else to fill in the gap and perform an action that was previously performed by an erased individual.

> **REQUESTED TEST:** One D-Class personnel should enter the test chamber alone, with the door locked manually by the research staff behind them. They should then open the box containing SCP-8689, and empty its contents onto the floor. The robot assistant should then enter and place SCP-8689 back into the box.

> **OBSERVED RESULTS:** The research staff locked the door to the test chamber, and stared at it for two minutes uninterrupted before unlocking the door. The robot assistant then entered the room alone, opened the box containing SCP-8689, and inexplicably knocked it to the ground. It immediately placed the item back in its proper containment afterwards.

> ----

> **RESEARCHER'S NOTE:** That's... concerning. I can remember all of that happening but my memory gets foggy when I think too hard about the specifics or what we were doing. I don't think there's much else we can learn from this. I'm going to recommend cessation of all SCP-8689 testing before we run out of D-Class without realizing.

<style>

@import url(https://d3g0gp89917ko0.cloudfront.net/v~~edac79f846ba/common~~theme/base/css/style.css);

@import url(https://cdn.scpwiki.com/theme/en/sigma/css/sigma.css);

div.a404{

background-color: #600; border: solid 1px #600; border-radius: 20px; color: #fff; width: 450px; margin: 0 auto; font-size: 150%; text-align: center; box-shadow: 0 2px 6px rgba(0,0,0,.5), inset 0 1px rgba(255,255,255,.5), inset 0 10px rgba(255,204,204,.5), inset 0 10px 20px rgba(255,204,204,.3), inset 0 -15px 30px rgba(48,0,0,.5); line-height: 100%; padding: 0 10px;}

div.b404{

background-color: #fff0f0; border: solid 1px #600; border-radius: 20px; color: #300; width: 450px; margin: 20px auto 0; text-align: center; box-shadow: 0 2px 6px rgba(0,0,0,.5); padding: 0 10px;}

div.c404{

background-color: #fffff0; border: solid 1px #660; border-radius: 20px; color: #330; width: 450px; margin: 20px auto 0; text-align: center; box-shadow: 0 2px 6px rgba(0,0,0,.5); padding: 0 10px;}

div.blockquote{ }

</style>

<p id="a">

<script src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.8.0/jquery.min.js"></script>

<script type="text/javascript">

var ver0="<b>Addendum 8689.4:</b>

Object Class has been upgraded from Safe to Euclid after evidence of vanished persons was noticed, such as multiple positions left vacant without explanation, and personal effects such as clothing items or keys found unattended. Testing had been halted for two months when these occurrences were reported. Additionally, on 06/██/20██ Junior Researcher Caloran was apprehended attempting to enter the containment zone for SCP-8689 without authorization, and appeared disoriented when asked where he was going and why. It is therefore theorized that there exists an as of yet unproven mind-altering ability intended to draw victims into the item's reach, for unknown reason.

 Containment measures updated, a single D-Class personnel will be exposed to SCP-8689 every 14 days. 

<b>Addendum 8689.5:</b> Interview 

After being apprehended, Junior Researcher Caloran was interviewed in an effort to determine the nature and degree of control the object exhibits over affected individuals. 

<b>Interviewed:</b> Junior Researcher Alex Caloran 
<b>Interviewer:</b> Dr. Valeria Roque
<b>Interview Date:</b> 06/██/20██ <div class='blockquote'>
[BEGIN LOG]

[Dr. Roque is seated, reviewing notes. Junior Researcher Caloran is escorted in, being restrained by two guards, but does not resist.]

<b>Caloran:</b> ...Doctor Roque.

<b>Dr. Roque:</b> Good morning, Junior Researcher Caloran.

<b>Caloran:</b> Valeria, why am I here? I-

<b>Dr. Roque:</b> This is standard procedure. You know that.

<b>Caloran:</b> I feel fine now. I'm not being mind-controlled, or whatever. 

<b>Dr. Roque:</b> You couldn't explain why you were attempting to enter the containment chamber of SCP-8689 when you were apprehended. Do you think you can explain that now?

[Caloran is silent, and eventually shakes his head.]

<b>Caloran:</b>...No. I still don't remember anything, but I feel... better, so I don't see the point in more interrogation. That's what I meant.

<b>Dr. Roque:</b> You're not being interrogated, Alex. You haven't noticed anything out of the ordinary? Did you notice feeling strange before the incident?

<b>Caloran:</b> Anything out of the ordinary? Do you know where we work?

[Dr. Roque frowns, and folds her arms.]

<b>Caloran:</b> ...I- okay. I have... been having this feeling recently.</b>

<b>Dr. Roque:</b> A feeling?

<b>Caloran:</b> It's something I've been noticing more and more, but I guess I didn't connect it to... to this, until just now. You know when you've just forgotten something you were doing? And you can't remember what you forgot, but you can remember forgetting?

<b>Dr. Roque:</b> ...Yes, I do.

<b>Caloran:</b> Yeah, I mean, I think everyone gets that sometimes, right? But I-I have that constantly, now. Constant flashes across my mind of aborted thoughts. It's- I can't finish writing a memo without stopping in the middle, feeling like there's someone I should be talking to, something else I should be doing. It always feels... it always feels so urgent.

<b>Dr. Roque:</b> This should have been reported earlier, if it was that drastic.

[Caloran does not respond for several seconds, and puts his head down on the table.]

<b>Caloran:</b> I just- I just thought I was stressed. I was... working extra hard to make up for it.

<b>Dr. Roque:</b> And we appreciate that, but there's no point in working extra hard if you're a risk to security.

<b>Caloran:</b> I'm not- I just want to get back to work. I'll- I'll take amnestics, if that helps. Whatever. Whatever gets this thing out of my head.

<b>Dr. Roque:</b> We'll have you evaluated. You'll be back to work soon, as long as we're sure there's no further risk to anyone.

[END LOG]
</div>
<b>Addendum 8689.6:</b>

 In order to mitigate to SCP-8689's effects, this page is undergoing verification to ensure content is accurate. Please refresh as soon as you are finished reading.<hr></span><span class='invis1'> </span> "

var ver1="<b>Addendum 8689.4:</b>

Object Class has been upgraded from Safe to Euclid after evidence of vanished persons was noticed, such as multiple positions left vacant without explanation, and personal effects such as clothing items or keys found unattended. Testing had been halted for two months when these occurrences were reported. It is therefore theorized that there exists an as of yet unproven mind-altering ability intended to draw victims into the item's reach, for unknown reason.

 Containment measures updated, a single D-Class personnel will be exposed to SCP-8689 every 14 days. 

<b>Addendum 8689.5:</b> Interview 

This log was attached to the article on 06/██/20██ and flagged as an interview, but no interviewee was identified.  Thus, it's assumed to have been uploaded in error, and will be deleted once reviewed by Dr. Roque. 

<b>Interviewed:</b> N/A 
<b>Interviewer:</b> Dr. Valeria Roque
<b>Interview Date:</b> 06/██/20██ <div class='blockquote'>
[BEGIN LOG]

[Dr. Roque is seated, reviewing notes. Two guards enter, and remain stationary by the door. Nobody moves or speaks for three minutes and fifty-one seconds, at which point Dr. Roque looks up with a puzzled expression and turns off the recording.] 

 [END LOG]
 
</div>
<b>Addendum 8689.6:</b>

 In order to mitigate SCP-8689's effects, this page is undergoing verification to ensure content is accurate. Please refresh as soon as you are finished reading.<hr></span><span class='invis1'> </span> "

var ver2="<b>Addendum 8689.4:</b>

Object Class has been upgraded from Safe to Euclid after evidence of vanished persons was noticed, such as multiple positions left vacant without explanation, and personal effects such as clothing items or keys found unattended. Testing had been halted for two months when these occurrences were reported. It is therefore theorized that there exists an as of yet unproven mind-altering ability intended to draw victims into the item's reach, for unknown reason.

 Containment measures updated, a single D-Class personnel will be exposed to SCP-8689 every 14 days. 

<b>Addendum 8689.5:</b> Interview 

This log was attached to the article on 06/██/20██ and flagged as an interview, but no interviewee was identified.  Thus, it's assumed to have been uploaded in error, and will be deleted once reviewed by Dr. Roque. 

<b>Interviewed:</b> N/A 
<b>Interviewer:</b> Dr. Valeria Roque
<b>Interview Date:</b> 06/██/20██ <div class='blockquote'>
[BEGIN LOG]

[Dr. Roque is seated, reviewing notes. One guard enters, and remains stationary by the door. Nobody moves or speaks for three minutes and fifty-one seconds, at which point Dr. Roque looks up with a puzzled expression and turns off the recording.] 

 [END LOG]
 
</div>
<b>Addendum 8689.6:</b>

 In order to mitigate SCP-8689's effects, this page is undergoing verification to ensure content is accurate. Please refresh as soon as you are finished reading.<hr></span><span class='invis1'> </span> "

var ver3="<b>Addendum 8689.4:</b>

Object Class has been upgraded from Safe to Euclid after evidence of vanished persons was noticed, such as multiple positions left vacant without explanation, and personal effects such as clothing items or keys found unattended. Testing had been halted for two months when these occurrences were reported. It is therefore theorized that there exists an as of yet unproven mind-altering ability intended to draw victims into the item's reach, for unknown reason.

 Containment measures updated, a single D-Class personnel will be exposed to SCP-8689 every 14 days.
</div>
<b>Addendum 8689.6:</b>

 In order to mitigate SCP-8689's effects, this page is undergoing verification to ensure content is accurate. Please refresh as soon as you are finished reading.<hr></span><span class='invis1'> </span> "

function print (para,text) {$("#" + para).html(text)}

localStorage.numVisits = Number((localStorage.numVisits || 0)) + 1;

var n = localStorage.numVisits

function reset(){localStorage.numVisits=0; javascript:history.go(0);}

if ( n >= 4 ) {

print("a",ver3)}

else if (n ==1){

print("a",ver0)}

else if (n ==2){

print("a",ver1)}

else if (n ==3){

print("a",ver2)}

else {

print("a", "OOC something broke :(. Please enable your cookies/disable any cookie blockers. If the following link doesn't fix the issue after disabling your cookie blockers, please contact the author.<a href='javascript:;'onClick='reset();'>Attempt to fix.</a></div></hr></span>")

}

</script>

<< [SCP-8688](SCP-8688) |  SCP-8689 | [SCP-8690](SCP-8690) >>

> **Filename:** Snake.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:**  CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8689
