=====

=====

<details>
<summary>Content Warning</summary>

This article contains implied domestic abuse, murder of women and children, institutional neglect, and alcohol abuse.

</details>

**Item #:** SCP-8678 

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-8678 observations sporadically occur over a vast geographic range with no way to predict their appearance, full containment at this time is impossible. Family members of those taken are to be amnesticized and provided with a suitable explanation for the disappearance of their loved one(s).

**Description:** SCP-8678 is currently believed to be an entity or number of entities that reside along the northern coast of Alaska and Canada. These entities differ slightly in general appearance, though common characteristics include pale-green skin; a flat face with reduced or no visible nostrils; long black hair and fingernails; and prominent aquatic features, such as fins or webbed fingers/toes. SCP-8678 may be nude, but some instances have been observed wearing a furred *amautik*,*amautik*s are Inuit parkas reserved mostly for women, sporting an integrated baby-pouch to carry the wearer's child. and/or carrying a large bag. Such observations are always provided by local bystanders or family members of those taken by SCP-8678. The entit(ies) has never been observed first-hand by Foundation personnel, though the consistency of bystander reports and the frequency of their sightings are affirmative indicators towards the existence of SCP-8678.

References to SCP-8678 have been found in indigenous Inuit folklore, naming these entities the "Qallupilluit" or "Qalupalik". Such myths revolved around a child playing too close to the shoreline, or dangerous ice floes, where the Qalupalik resided. If the child was to draw too close, the Qalupalik would capture the child, place them in their *amautik* or sack, and dive back into the water, disappearing. The behavior of SCP-8678 is slightly inconsistent with folklore, however, as it targets women as well as children. Additionally, in myth it was possible for villagers to rescue those kidnapped by the Qalupalik, when they resurfaced. To date, no victim of SCP-8678 has been recovered.

Observers reporting kidnappings by SCP-8678 are often close with the victims, either family members or friends with those taken, and had personally witnessed the attack or the aftermath. The majority of these disappearances have thus far happened in rural areas, mostly in smaller coastal villages, though a few have been recorded in the larger towns of the region (Nome and Barrow, Alaska, and Iqualuit, Nunavut). The racial demographic of those taken heavily skews towards Alaska Native/First Nations women and children,The gender of the child also skews female, though not enough to be particularly significant. though the ethnicity of witnesses is more evenly distributed.

**Incident 8678/27/10:** On October 5, 1999, Anthony Stevens, the operator of the local weather station, walked into the local police station of Point Lay, Alaska, and reported that his wife and young daughter had been kidnapped by SCP-8678. Stevens was initially taken into custody as a suspect in their disappearance, but was released the next day due to lack of evidence. Foundation Agent Joshua Seward, under the guise of a FBI agent, was sent to interview Mr. Stevens, four weeks after the events of the kidnapping.

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *[Inaudible]*

> 

> **Joshua Seward:** Alright, I know that you've already given your speech to the troopers, and I'm sure the last thing you want to do is reiterate for me, but please, from the top, how did they disappear?

> 

> **Anthony Stevens:** Well, I was down by the shore with them, taking a walk on the shore like we do, and... well my daughter, she saw something out on the ice, a black lump of something, and pointed it out to her mother. I thought nothing of it, thought it was just a clump of seaweed. Then... well y'know. My wife is one of *them*, y'know, and she had told stories about the, the Ka-lu-palick, a bedtime story for the girl, but...

> 

> **Seward:** Go on, please.

> 

> **Stevens:** Well, it came in closer to shore, walking across the thin ice, not barely, not even falling through. It was only when it came closer I could see its face, green and mean and full of sharp teeth.

> 

> **Seward:** The police report said that your hands were bloody when you came to the station. How do you explain that, sir?

>  

> **Stevens:** Well, when the thing came close, when it grabbed my daughter, I took a length of driftwood and hit it hard. Hit it hard right over the head, and there came away blood. That's how I got that... that's how I got that blood on my hands. It wasn't enough to save her. Her or her mother.

> 

> **Seward:** That driftwood, do you know where it is?

> 

> **Stevens:** I got so mad that I... I get so mad sometimes, y'know? So I got so mad, steaming mad, that I... I didn't know what to do, you understand, this thing took my wife and daughter, not me. So when it went under the water I yelled and shouted and threw the stick into the water. I suppose its down there now, under the ice. With both of my girls.

> 

> **Seward:** You alright, Mr. Stevens? Your eyes are a bit bloodshot, and you're slurring your words.

> 

> **Stevens:** Just had a bit to drink, sir. Not nothing to it.

> 

> **Seward:** ...You *are* aware that this is a dry village, Mr. Stevens?Due to rampant alcohol abuse, many villages in Alaska have banned the importation and selling of liquor.

> 

> **Stevens:** My wife and daughter have been t-taken, sir. Excuse me for trying to... trying to drown my sorrows.

> 

> **Seward:** Of course, my apologies. We're allowed to have our indiscretions, sometimes. Especially in times like these. I'm sorry for your loss.

> 

> **Stevens:** That's right. Glad you understand.

> 

> **<End Log>**

Anthony Stevens was amnesticized following the conclusion of this interview, and returned to work in the weeks after, noticeably improved in temperament and attitude. The police were unable to solve the disappearance of his wife and daughter, and no charges were ever filed. Many more women and children have disappeared since.

<< [SCP-8677](SCP-8677) | SCP-8678 | [SCP-8679](SCP-8679) >>
