**Item #:** SCP-8771

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8771 is currently inside the human bloodstream.

The F.S.S. *Galatea*, an *Ousia*-class black vessel, has been deployed into the bloodstream to conduct surveillance of the domain's ecosystems, track SCP-8771's movements across the oceans of blood, and engage it in naval combat when it surfaces. 

Due to the volatile nature of firmamental travel, especially inside domains that encompass bodily fluids, it is not possible to attack SCP-8771 on direct grounds without incurring mass global casualties. To mitigate this, the *Galatea* has been retrofitted with an imaginary propulsion system and four shafts of meaning (4 × ∞ MW), allowing her to traverse the negative space above the human bloodstream and fire upon SCP-8771 from a safe vantage point. The vessel has also been equipped with long-range bathymetric witnessing systems, a dual-layer masquerade engine, and weapons not of this world.

Despite the use of body-safe nuclear ordnance, the ongoing combat operations against SCP-8771 have been linked to an astronomical rise in embolisms across the entire human race. Research is currently being undertaken to mitigate this effect, possibly by separating the human species from its blood entirely.

The victims of SCP-8771 will be commemorated after its termination mandate has been fulfilled, with plans to build a state-of-the-art tower of guilt in 2015.

**Description:** SCP-8771 is a *Balaenohema ebrius*, or dionysian blood-whale. It displaces 100,000 metric tonnes of blood and measures up to 400 virtual meters in length. 

Unusual for its species, SCP-8771 is possessed with malice. It is actively hostile to other sanguine wildlife and regularly hunts them for sport. This violent behavior is exceptional among bloodfaring creatures, as the hemic ecosystem does not observe normal trophic dynamics and largely consists of non-retaliating self-sufficient organisms. To date, SCP-8771 is the only predator to have ever existed in the human bloodstream.

When SCP-8771 kills its prey and produces large amounts of non-blood in its environment, a phenomenon known as a **hyper-immanent collapse** occurs. Hemic life only exists by virtue of its ability to identify as blood, a process it must actively maintain as a living creature. Any sanguine organism that dies and becomes non-blood will be violently expelled from the firmament, realizing in the physical world as an embolus in a human vascular system. Because the volume of a dead fish far exceeds the volume of a human's blood vessels, the resulting carcass matter will invariably overlap into multiple human bodies, manifesting inside their veins and killing them instantly. 

Thanks to this effect, SCP-8771 has indirectly caused millions of casualties across the world, a death toll that rises as long as it lives.

**Discovery:** SCP-8771 was initially discovered when a human body manifested inside the population of Vila Real, a scavenger town on the outskirts of the Portugal Calamity Zone. A collection squad of SCP security personnel was dispatched to the area where they quickly secured the corpse piecemeal and transported it to a laboratory in Gallo-Iberia for reconstruction. Shortly after regaining consciousness, the body identified itself as Super-Gloria Evangelista, a Global Occult Coalition operative stationed in the firmament of blood prior to her death. 

Physicians were able to sustain a 15 minute conversation with Super-Gloria Evangelista before impacting her wall of woe

The Global Occult Coalition holds a dominant share of territory in the firmament of grief, giving them access to WNOTWs related to negative emotion.

The extent of the GOC's influence over the mourn is poorly understood, but it is known that the minds of all high-ranking GOC operatives are sanctioned within an artificial "white-room", causing the ennui particles produced by emotional attacks to "teleport" past their subconscious selves. This practice serves as a powerful countermeasure against the elegiacs and dark therapy techniques employed by the Foundation, which rely on straight-line trajectories through the cliffs of woe to deliver their payload.

Efforts to colonize the mourn's domain complements, such as the firmament of mirth and the firmament of lust, are ongoing., which could not be penetrated even with the use of dark therapy techniques. Without any options, a 9mm round was compelled through her forehead and she was returned to a stillness that permitted less voluntary info-extraction methods. The knowledge of SCP-8771 was removed from the remembrance of her remains.

**Addendum 1:** The recently elected leader of the United States, George W. Bush, has agreed to supply the SCP Foundation with hyper-immanent munitions in order to expedite SCP-8771's containment.

The SCP Foundation expresses its deepest gratitude towards President Bush, a principled statesman who gently holds in one hand the olive branch of peace and firmly grips in the other the flaming sword of justice. 

We will deliver a swift and decisive blow to SCP-8771 in honor of your name. Thank you for your support.

Thank you.

**Addendum 2:** The Global Occult Coalition has terminated SCP-8771.

Reclassified to Neutralized.

<< [SCP-8770](SCP-8770) | SCP-8771 | [SCP-8772](SCP-8772) >>

=====

> **Filename:** whale.png

> **Name:** Whale

> **Author:** U.N. Owen

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-8771/whale.png

> **Filename:** mountain.jpeg

> **Name:** Mountain

> **Author:** www.Pixel.la Free Stock Photos

> **License:**  Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mountains-dark-rocks-silhouette_(23698898073).jpg

=====
