=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8177

 

**Object Class:** Safe

 

 **Special Containment Procedures:** Due to SCP-8177-2's technical success, mass production for all Foundation holding areas has begun.

**Description:** SCP-8177-1 refers to a collection of 13 electroshock-based devices designed by the Central Intelligence Agency for the purpose of extracting information directly from the subconscious of prisoners during the Vietnam War, one of which was later reconstructed by the Department of Purgatorial Spaces.

Twelve instances of SCP-8177-1 are not functional, after seemingly having been destroyed. However, a prototype model was found within Phu Quoc Prison, Vietnam. Said instance was promptly brought to Site-219, where the Department of Purgatorial Spaces began reverse-engineering the device, creating a copycat model (designated SCP-8177-2) for Foundation use.  

Subjects connected to SCP-8177-2 undergo electrical stimulation, precisely modulated to alter the neural pathways inside the prefrontal cortex based on the prompt entered into SCP-8177-2's primary console. This creates an emulated metaphysical space in one's 'mind', mimicking vivid memories. Once activated, subjects will begin to involuntarily narrate the events they underwent during the duration of the aforementioned memories.

SCP-8177-2 is linked to Athena.V13, an AIC specially designed to interpret neurological activity and transcript it. 

**Initial Testing:** Testing is to begin November 1, 1985 on a Chaos Insurgent, with the prompt "Why I was at Site-18."

**Subject: C.I. Field Agent Amelia Cortez (25).** 

**Project Manager: Sr. Researcher J. ██████**

**Item: SCP-8177**

*<UNKNOWN> begins recording.*

 

**UNKNOWN:** *(clears throat)* Today is November 1st, 1985, and this is the first official use of SCP-8177-2 on a human subject. 

 

*<UNKNOWN> walks towards the subject, who is restrained to an operating table.*

 

**UNKNOWN:** Now, this procedure is *supposedly* very simple. I'll just attach the electrodes to the scalp... 

**UNKNOWN:** Once I turn on 8177-2, all physical activity is going to cease, and we will get the most honest look at what we need from them. No lying, no torture, it's clean and effective.

*<UNKNOWN> walks towards SCP-8177's primary console.*

**UNKNOWN:** Now, when I activate this, it's going to feel strange at first. 

*<UNKNOWN> checks the papers on his clipboard.*

**UNKNOWN:** It says here that it might feel like you're falling, and then it all goes dark. Think about it like a dream! Darkness, darkness, and then light. You'll wake up as your past self, you won't even know you're looking at a memory. 

**UNKNOWN:** Test 1, beginning in 3... 2... 1...

*<UNKNOWN> types a command into SCP-8177-2.*

= ATHENA.V13 

= *KEYWORDS- "WHY. SITE (18)."*

 

*16:30 - Subject ceases all neurological activity for a period of 3 seconds.*

 

*Signal 1.0: Subject's consciousness has been successfully removed from their physical being. All physical activity after this point is involuntary.*

  

*Activity detected - Signal 1.1: SCP-8177 has successfully located the most compatible memory for the prompt entered.*

 

*16:31 - Subject begins convulsing.*

 

*Activity detected - Signal 1.2: SCP-8177 has begun playing the aforementioned memory.*

 

**Subject:** I'm in front of my squad. I'm laying out a map of Site-18.

 

*16:32 - Subject's vitals remain steady.*

 

**Subject:** "We breach through the western corridors on my signal."

 

*Activity detected - Signal 1.3: Memory continues playing.*

 

*16:32 - Subject's vitals rise.*

 

**Subject:** "We don't leave survivors. Once you locate SCP-████, begin extraction. It’s incredibly dangerous, don’t waste any time in here."

 

*16:33 - Subject begins shaking.*

 

**Subject:** "Does everyone understand?"

 

*16:34 - Subject's vitals rise.*

 

**Subject:** "Alright. Let’s move in."

 

*16:35 - Subject's heartrate reaches 102 bpm.*

 

**Subject:** I place a small explosive on the western wall. We brace for entry directly into SCP-████‘s containment wing.

 

**Subject:** The explosive goes off without issue. The lights go out, and flashing hazard lights take their place.

 

**Subject:** TANGO turns on his flashlight, and we follow him with our guns drawn.

 

**Subject:** He sees a big, metallic door. There’s a sign that reads “SCP-████“ in the center. We prepare for entry.

 

*The subject's heart rate increases to 115 bpm.*

 

**Subject:** Gunfire goes off from the end of the corridor. A facility guard hits TANGO directly in the temple before we can open fire.

 

**Subject:** "Keep moving! Help me pry this open!"

 

**Subject:** We open the door. I can hardly see anything inside. The only light source is a lone red bulb on the left wall.

 

**Subject:** Before we can even move in... It sees us.

 

*The subject's heart rate increases to 129 bpm.*

 

**Subject:** We start to retreat, it leaps onto BRAVO. His blood spatters onto us as the creature eats him alive. We didn’t account for the containment procedures failing alongside the power.

 

*The subject begins tearing up.*

**Subject:** Me and FOXTROT run for the initial entry point. I look back as she screams for my help.  

 

**Subject:** I freeze, and don’t even notice the on-site security barreling towards me. I don’t help her. I don’t save myself. 

 

*The subject's heart rate reaches 131 bpm.*

**Subject:** Her head comes rolling towards me. 

*Activity detected - Signal 1.3: Memory end.*

 

*Code 139 - all cognitive functions within the subject have ceased.*

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

= ERROR

= ...

 

= *Status - Completed.*

= Success! SCP-8177 has determined the reason for the subject's presence at Site-18!

---

 

@@ @@

@@ @@

 

*Activity detected.*

*Signal 1.2: SCP-8177 has begun playing the aforementioned memory.*

 

= **NOTICE: THE DEPARTMENT OF PURGATORIAL SPACES**

*Nov 6, 1985*

We have come across a severe design flaw regarding SCP-8177-2's ability to return a subject's consciousness to their physical body, leaving them in a vegetative state following the de-activation of SCP-8177-2. Furthermore; electroencephalogram results have shown that the effects of SCP-8177-2 seemingly continue to occur on repeat whilst in said state. The reason for this is unknown. 

 

After a short period of review, we do not believe that these circumstances justify the decommissioning of SCP-8177-2. Effective immediately, SCP-8177-2 is to be integrated into the standard interrogation procedures for the purpose of extracting information from unwilling, uncooperative, or untrustworthy detainees. 

<< [SCP-8176](SCP-8176) | SCP-8177| [SCP-8178](SCP-8178) >>
