=====

=====

**SCP-8792:** Tomb we found.

**Word count:** 420 (yes, really)

**Author:** 

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/whenwerewe Here's my page!]

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Item #:** 8792

**Object Class:** Zeno-Pythagoras-Plato

**Special Containment Procedures:** **For operatives:** The Chilean government has been persuaded to allow Program personnel to operate in and around SCP-8792. Prior to processing, targets may be held in custody at the *La Silla* residential complex.

Targets are to be escorted by demographically and phenotypically similar agents. This minimizes the need for distinction therapy. They are then to be coerced through SCP-8792 under armed guard. Chosen agents must also be selected for high loyalty and resistance to despair or terroristic ideation. These constitute the protocols for procedure VALLEY COWL.

**The remainder of this file is to be read only by non-field agents.**

**Description:** SCP-8792 is a quarter-square-mile region of the Atacama desert, some three miles distant from the *La Silla* observatory in Chile. Individuals who attempt to travel through SCP-8792 unaccompanied do not emerge. Groups traveling into SCP-8792 vanish and later reappear. During this period, they describe a space not known to exist on Earth.

It contains dunes of enormously exaggerated size, extending out into the horizon. They appear to become larger the further they are from the viewer. While in the space, movement uphill is strictly impossible. Travelers also consistently note the presence of “lights in the sky”. They do not clearly distinguish these from the sun, or otherwise comment on celestial bodies in the space.

Exit from the space occurs after the entire transiting party loses consciousness simultaneously, at which point they will reawaken at the edge of SCP-8792. 

After emergence, the members of the party will be unable to distinguish themselves from their fellows. Each member's memories and subjective experience prior to entry will be rendered common to the whole group. Though physical differences persist, subjective self-perception is seriously and irreversibly altered. Symptoms include major personality changes, bodily or sexual dysmorphia, and persistent bouts of derealization.

**VALLEY COWL:** Three or more suitable agents transit SCP-8792 with a restrained target of interest to the Program. Upon exit, all individuals are to be detained and subject to unenhanced interrogation. If the pool of agents is large enough, the detainees will, as a collective, disclose the relevant details concerning the target. After completion, the target may be remanded to custody or executed as appropriate. The agents are to return to work; the distinction therapy process will allow them to reassert their former identities and suppress insurgent or disloyal personality shards. Agents are to be informed the target has been released into civilian life.

 

<< [SCP-8791](SCP-8791) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-8793](SCP-8793) >>

> **Filename:** sand.jpg

> **Author:** Mn khetib

> **License:** CC BY SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lost_in_the_sandstorm.jpg
