=====

=====

**Content Warning:** Child Abuse, Mild Gore

**Special Containment Procedures:** All recovered SCP-8786 subjects are to be kept within Biohazard Humanoid Containment Cells within Heavy Containment in Site-17. They have been implanted with trackers in case of a containment breach. They are to be given daily injections of anesthetics into the base of their necks. Lethal force is authorized to ensure the compliance of the SCP-8786 subjects. Non-compliant or outright hostile behaviors are to be reported immediately, and the subjects administered a second dose of anesthetics if they exhibit any of the following:

* Unnaturally dilated pupils

* Rapid muscle spasms

* Bleeding from the eyes, nose, or ears

* Unresponsive to commands

If the SCP-8786 subjects attack personnel, or if they breach containment, then the explosive collars around their necks are to be activated remotely to terminate them. The subjects must be re-contained, physically and chemically restrained, and fitted with a new collar before they regenerate and reawaken. 

**Description:** SCP-8786 is a species of arthropod-like parasitic creatures of an unknown origin. They are of a deep red color, and possess dozens of long, thin tendrils extending from their main bodies, as well as four sharp chitinous arms it uses for moving and digging through flesh. The parasites can enter the body through orifices or open wounds. Once inside the body, the parasites coil around the spine and dig into the spinal cord. After a variable period of incubation, the parasites "kill" the host and assume control of the body. After a period of dormancy, the hosts reawaken and become highly aggressive, attempting to kill or infect anyone around them. They are incapable of speech, and lack any demonstrable sapience in this 'feral' state. They are not affected by most drugs or memetic agents in this state, due to most of the host’s brain activity being reduced.

Their primary anomalous property is the ability to telekinetically move and destroy objects from a distance. This produces immense heat as a byproduct. Their secondary ability is the rapid and total regeneration of damaged tissue and bone of both themselves and their host. The range and strength of a SCP-8786 parasite's abilities decreases with hunger, injury, and exhaustion. Small doses of a nerve agent will severely weaken a SCP-8786's abilities and disorient them, and can return them to a sapient and communicative state, causing the human brain to resume normal function. 

Two SCP-8786 subjects have been contained.

SCP-8786-1 was formerly Riley Dunne, a female born on May 13th, 1970 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is fair-skinned with black hair and grey eyes.

SCP-8786-2 was formerly Katie Reid, a female born on January 17th, 1969 in Detroit, Michigan. It is fair-skinned with brown-red hair and dark green eyes.

**Addendum 8786.1: Transcriptions of audio and video recordings compiled by Ethics Committee Liaison Eric Durand:**

= **AUDIO LOG 1**

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

How does this— Oh, has it started? Right, so. My name is Emily Moore, I'm a researcher at Site-17. It is June 12, 1985. I'm making these, uh, I guess we'll call them 'logs' on this cassette recorder. To record my thoughts, I guess. I find it useful to listen back to them later. 

So, a small group of us junior researchers were studying under Dr. Allen. Doing his grunt work, almost dying to anomalies, that sort of thing. The higher ups came in and told all of us yesterday that he perished under circumstances they "could not disclose" and now his queue of anomalies and research projects are being divided up between several senior researchers, and a few "promising" junior researchers. And guess what? *I got one.* A new skip that's just come in, humanoid, potentially highly dangerous. And I get to be lead researcher! I don't even have my doctorate yet, and someone up high is trusting *me* with this! 

Oh my God, this is so exciting! And a little frightening. They haven't sent over much about it yet, but it killed three police officers before it was contained. With telekinetic abilities apparently, which it has not demonstrated since containment. So, I suppose it's my job to figure out why. And hope this thing doesn't tear my head off in the process. This is such an incredible opportunity though! If I can make sure this object is safely contained, it will look *so good* on my record. I know we’re really short staffed here at the moment but I didn’t expect them to do something like this. I’m sure as hell not going to waste it though.

Right, so, I'm waiting on some paperwork to go through and then I can get my first look at the anomaly. Should be later today, I hope. James and Brian will be working with me in the lab, which is... fine. I guess. I didn't talk with them much when we were with Dr. Allen, so this might be awkward. I get the feeling they're a little intimidated by me. They should be. Well, I suppose that's it for now. 

*(Quietly)* So do I just press the square—

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**SCP-8786 Containment Chamber — Security Footage**

**Date:** June 12th, 1985

**Time:** 7:20pm

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*SCP-8786-1 is restrained to the far wall of its cell in a straitjacket, forced into a kneeling position. It is shaking and breathing heavily. It looks up as the door opposite it opens and Lead Researcher Emily Moore enters, along with Junior Researcher James Schmidt and Security Officer Kim Park.*

**Moore:** Okay, well, it looks calm to me.

**Park:** Wasn't earlier, damn thing kept trying to bite me as we put it in that straitjacket. Had to taser it like a dozen times. 

*Moore cautiously takes a step forward towards SCP-8786-1. Schmidt and Park remain standing directly in the doorway.*

**Moore:** Did you get the bullets out beforehand?

**Park:** Didn't have to, they just fell out. It heals fast, I guess. 

**Moore:** Huh. Has it spoken at all since it woke up?

**Schmidt:** Nope, not a word. It's probably just another dumb monster. 

**Moore:** Let’s not jump to conclusions now, James. 

*Schmidt scoffs. Moore takes a few more steps towards SCP-8786-1. It lets out a long hiss and she hesitates.*

**Park:** Careful, you saw the tape, right? You know what that thing can do. 

**Moore:** Then why hasn't it? Is it choosing not to? 

**Schmidt:** I don't know, but judging from the way it's looking at you Emily, I think it would be trying to kill you right now if it could. 

*Moore takes a few more steps towards SCP-8786-1 before crouching down.*

**Moore:** Hello? Can you understand me?

*SCP-8786-1 stares directly at Moore, unblinking.*

**Moore:** I need you to give me some kind of sign that there's still somebody in there.

*SCP-8786-1 flexes and unflexes its jaw, showing its teeth, and emits more hissing vocalizations. It shudders violently and tugs against its binds. Moore sighs and examines it.*

**Moore:** When was the last time you fed it?

**Park:** We haven't yet. 

*Moore looks behind her at the two men.*

**Moore:** You mean it hasn't eaten since before containment? It must be starving. 

*Moore turns back towards the anomaly and jumps.  SCP-8786-1 has strained itself forward in an attempt to bite her. She takes a deep breath and sighs before standing back up.*

**Moore:** Do you think it's unable to utilize its abilities because of its lack of sustenance, James?

*Schmidt shrugs.*

**Schmidt:** That'd be my guess, I suppose. 

**Moore:** Then what should we do, let it starve?

**Schmidt:** Whatever keeps it in containment, Emily. 

**Moore:** We can't let it die from malnourishment. 

**Schmidt:** And we also can't let it manifest its telekinetic abilities or we'll end up like those cops. 

**Moore:** You're right. I just— We just don't know enough yet. We need to run some tests today, see if we can't find out what's making it so aggressive. And where its powers went. 

**Schmidt:** It's gonna be a long night. 

**Park:** I can get some coffee for everyone?

*Schmidt claps his hand against Park's shoulder.*

**Schmidt:** Thanks, buddy.

*Moore looks back towards SCP-8786-1. It has not stopped staring at her since she entered the room. She crosses her arms and moves to leave the room. Schmidt and Park follow, the door closing and locking behind them. SCP-8786-1 glances around the room before slouching and staring at the floor.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**Site-17 Heavy Containment Lab 5 — Security Footage**

**Date:** June 12th, 1985

**Time:** 11:13pm

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*Emily Moore and James Schmidt are leaning against a table in the lab. Moore is writing in a notepad. Schmidt is sipping from a cup of coffee and glances at the clock on the wall. After a few minutes, Junior Researcher Brian Jansen enters with a small stack of papers in his hands.*

**Schmidt:** Finally.

**Jansen:** Okay, obviously it's going to take awhile for all of the tests to go through, but there's something interesting here you should see. 

*He walks over to Moore and she sets her notepad down. He hands the top page over to her. She reads through it.*

**Moore:** How? This is— It shouldn't even be alive. 

**Schmidt:** What do you mean? 

**Moore:** Apparently, about half of its organs aren't even functioning. At all. Its entire urinary and reproductive systems are shriveled, half of its digestive system is working without the other half. The frontal lobes of its brain are just... dark. And this— Wait, what is this? 

**Jansen:** You're asking me? You're the biologist. 

**Moore:** Its spinal cord is lit up like a Christmas tree, there's some kind of growth there. Like, a clump of nerves, weaving around the bone. It doesn't look like anything I've ever seen or heard of before.

**Schmidt:** Maybe we should cut it open, see what it is. 

*Moore glances up at Schmidt.*

**Moore:** Yeah, no. 

**Schmidt:** What? Why not?

**Moore:** Do I really need to explain to you why that's a bad idea?

*Schmidt shrugs. Moore sighs.*

**Moore:** Jesus Christ.

**Schmidt:** I really don't see what's the fuckin' problem here.

**Moore:** We're not doing it, James, and that's final. We're just going to wait for the rest of the images and tests to come in. 

*Schmidt snorts and rolls his eyes.* 

**Jansen:** Well, guards put it back in its cell for the night anyway so, no more tests for now.

**Moore:** How was it looking?

**Jansen:** It fought and struggled like usual, but it was looking really faint and limp. 

**Moore:** Shit. We've got to feed it sometime. 

**Schmidt:** If we give it food, its powers might flare up in an instant and rip all of our heads off. 

**Moore:** It hasn't eaten in two days now, it might not last a third. There's got to be a way to feed it just enough to keep it conscious but not enough to give it real strength.

**Schmidt:** Right then, while you figure that out, I'm turning in for the night. I'm wiped. 

**Moore:** Alright, go ahead. I'll finish things up here. 

**Schmidt:** *(Mumbling)* Wasn't asking for your fucking permission, Emily. 

*Schmidt leaves the room. Jansen sets the papers down on the table behind Moore.* 

**Jansen:** Guess I'm gonna head out, too.

**Moore:** Seriously? Can't you help me sort these papers?

**Jansen:** I mean, I could, but...

*He turns around and leaves the room. Moore leans against the table and groans.* 

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

= **AUDIO LOG 2**

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

Okay, it's now the fifteenth already, wow. Um, still June. Obviously. So, I've taken to hand feeding the skip protein bars, shooting for around 1,000 calories a day. I almost lost a finger yesterday, but it seems to be working, it's not shaking quite so much anymore. This feels like a short-term solution, though. Eventually, it will likely start consuming its own muscles for sustenance, since it cannot survive off this little food forever. Probably. That's assuming a lot I suppose, its biology doesn't make much sense to me. Still, it's clearly suffering. 

We're walking a fine knife edge here, I have to be so incredibly careful with the calories. I fed it just a little too much once and there was this tingling heat in the air around me. I could *feel* it trying to rip me apart. Gave me quite a scare. I jumped back but it still seemed too weak to do any damage. I have to do this alone, every day. The other two cowards don't dare enter the cell with me. 

Oh, speaking of, at least Brian finished up with the bloodwork and everything today. The results were inconclusive. Biologically speaking it's still human but there's been such fine... I can only describe it as tweaking at the cellular level. Primarily in the nervous system, there's new connections everywhere. And that thing, in its spine. It's... well it's not of this earth. It's a creature, a parasite of some kind. It looks akin to some type of arthropod, but it’s growing through the body like a cancer. It must have done all of this to that poor girl. It killed her. Turned her body into, well, my best guess is something akin to an electromagnet. Except it's not electromagnetism, but some kind of mental energy, I think. That parasite is just so beyond our understanding of biology, it seems to be made up entirely of alien nerves and muscle covered in thin chiton. It has countless tendrils extending from its body, all linked into the human nervous system so intricately I cannot tell where the human nerves end and the parasite’s begins. It has merged with the body, like an organ transplant. I'm not sure there's anything left of the girl that thing used to be, that parasite is running the show now. It's incredibly fascinating. And horrifying. Where did it come from? Could there be more infected people out there? I suppose it's not my job to worry about that at the moment. 

I should mention that all of this incredible discovery has been in spite of my stupid coworkers. I have to fight them on *every little thing*. I thought they'd respect my position, maybe understand the importance of our work. But every day it's just complaining and snark and pushback, it's infuriating! I'm going to *try* and run a couple experiments tomorrow to see what sort of drugs might work on it, maybe get it to calm down. We'll see if those morons get in my way or not. That's all for now. 

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**Site-17 Heavy Containment Lab 5 — Security Footage**

**Date:** June 16th, 1985

**Time:** 9:34pm

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*Brian Jansen and James Schmidt are talking about various topics that have been removed for brevity. Emily Moore enters and the conversation stops as they turn to look at her.*

**Schmidt:** Oh great, are you done?

**Moore:** For today? I guess so, but we're jumping right back into testing tomorrow. This skip is reacting weird to the drugs, nothing I give it is having any effect. It might just be too brain dead, in which case I'm going to start to try and mix things together and see if I can get a reaction out of it. Actually, I was hoping you could help me out with that part James, since you're the resident chemist. 

**Schmidt:** Seriously? What for Emily? Can't we be done with this thing already? 

**Moore:** Are you joking? No, of course not, we've only just started!

**Schmidt:** Emily, we did our job, the stupid thing's contained, I just want the credit on my record.

**Moore:** No, *I* did our job while you and Brian stood around chatting about sports and cars and... whatever! 

**Jansen:** Hey, I did stuff—

**Moore:** Shut up Brian. We're not done, now both of you are going to help me with this because that's your fucking job. 

**Schmidt:** Emily, come on, just calm down. 

**Jansen:** Yeah you're being kind of hysterical, Emily. I just want to be done with this skip too. 

**Moore:** I'm not—

*She takes a breath.*

**Moore:** I was appointed team lead, and you both should respect my decisions. 

**Schmidt:** Well then, I should have been team lead! What brain dead idiot decided putting an underqualified woman in charge was a good idea?

**Moore:** Fuck. You. *Schmidt.* Get out. Get out of my lab. Both of you. 

**Schmidt:** Emily— 

**Moore:** GET OUT! You're done! You don't deserve credit for this, neither of you!

*Schmidt's fists ball up. He takes a step towards Moore, then pauses before quickly walking to exit the room.*

**Schmidt:** *(Under his breath)* Fucking bitch.

*Jansen takes one last look towards Moore before following Schmidt out of the room. Moore reaches her hands up to cover her face, taking several long deep breaths. Eventually she drops her arms and walks over to the table, returning to work.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**Site-17 Heavy Containment Lab 5 — Security Footage**

**Date:** June 17th, 1985

**Time:** 8:07am

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*Emily Moore sits at a table, comparing bottles of various drugs and chemicals and taking notes. Ethics Committee Liaison Eric Durand enters the lab.*

**Durand:** Excuse me? Emily Moore, I presume? 

*Moore lets out a deep sigh. She sets down the bottles and turns in her chair to face him.*

**Moore:** Yes, I know what this is about. 

**Durand:** You're not in trouble, if that's what you're thinking. Well, not exactly. I would like to speak with you about what happened yesterday. 

**Moore:** I stand by everything I said. 

**Durand:** I'm sure you do. But dismissing your entire research team? And you were in this lab all night, have you... slept or eaten at all? 

**Moore:** I've been a little busy. 

**Durand:** Ms. Moore, you know this is how accidents happen. Doing all of this work on your own— 

**Moore:** I am perfectly capable of doing this job by myself. 

**Durand:** And you're sure you know what you're doing? 

**Moore:** I think— I *know* that if I can just find the right mix of chemicals, I can get this stupid sk— this SCP object to calm down so we don't have to worry about it trying to kill the poor bastard who's going to be feeding it. For now that's going to be me, so I have a pretty vested interest in getting this right. 

**Durand:** The other two told us the object was completely contained.

**Moore:** Those other two were too scared to even enter the cell with me. They don't know what they're talking about. I do. That thing is dangerous, but you know we can’t just let it starve to death. Just, give me time. Chemistry was never my strong suit but Schmidt absolutely *refused* to aid me with this. He gave me no choice but to drop him and Brian from the team. 

**Durand:** I see. 

*He takes a deep breath.* 

**Durand:** Well then, luckily for you Ms. Moore, for reasons unknown to me, the higher ups seem very eager to let you prove yourself. I would advise you to, please, watch your food and sleep. I don't want any accidents in the lab, or within the containment cell. 

**Moore:** I will. Thank you... sir. 

*Durand turns and leaves the lab.*

**Moore:** Fucker. 

*Moore sighs before turning back to the bottles, rubbing at her eyes with her sleeve. She glances up towards the security camera, before returning to her work.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

= **AUDIO LOG 3**

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

I never needed either of them. I can do this by myself. I'm more of a scientist than those two ever will be. I'll contain this skip myself, I'll get my doctorate myself, I'll do everything myself like I always have. I can do this, I *can* do this, I—

Okay, breathe. I uh... I really do need some sleep. Alright, it is the night of the seventeenth or something, I think. I may have been a little hasty today. Tried out my first mixture on the sk— the subject. It did *not* react how I was hoping. But perhaps that should be expected, as I've only just started. I suppose I can confirm the skip does still feel pain, it screamed *a lot*. I almost feel a little bad. I know it's just an anomaly, a *parasite*, but it still looks and sounds like a little girl. 

I'll get some rest tonight, and take some more time on the next attempt. I might have to pop open some old textbooks, but I'll figure it out. I have to. 

*(Quietly)* I'll show them all. 

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**SCP-8786 Containment Chamber — Security Footage**

**Date:** June 20th, 1985

**Time:** 7:47pm

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*SCP-8786-1 is restrained to the wall in a straitjacket. The door opens and its head jerks up as Emily Moore enters. It lets out a loud hiss, showing its teeth.*

**Moore:** Yeah, I know, it's me again. 

*Moore closes the door behind her and walks over to SCP-8786-1, fiddling with a pneumatic injection device.*

**Moore:** Let's see what this does, I guess. 

*SCP-8786-1 struggles and kicks against its bonds, breathing heavily with wide eyes. Moore checks the injector one last time before forcefully grabbing SCP-8786-1 by the neck.*

**Moore:** *(Mumbling)* Quit squirming, would you?

*Moore sweeps SCP-8786-1's hair out of the way and jabs the injector into the back of its neck. SCP-8786-1 shrieks. Moore presses the plunger and holds the device there for approximately five seconds before pulling it out. She then takes a step back and crosses her arms, watching the object. SCP-8786-1 curls its legs into its chest and whimpers, before shuddering violently and letting out a scream. Moore sighs and rubs at her eyes. SCP-8786-1 hyperventilates in between loud grunts of pain. It suddenly gags and vomits onto the floor. Moore reflexively steps back from the red puddle.*

**Moore:** Ugh, fuckin' great. 

*She hesitates before leaning in to examine the pool of blood closer.*

**Moore:** What is— 

*Something small and dark is wriggling inside the pool of blood. Moore takes several steps back. The entity suddenly swims in her direction. She stomps on it, before backing off. The entity lies motionless.*

**Moore:** What the fuck?

*She crouches down to inspect the entity, before glancing up at SCP-8786-1. It watches back, blood dripping down its face.* 

**Moore:** Did you just spit that at me on purpose?

*SCP-8786-1 doesn't respond. Moore stands back up and moves towards the door, leaving and shutting it behind her. SCP-8786-1 whimpers in pain. The blood pool starts to flow down the drain in the middle of the cell. After a few minutes, Moore returns with a specimen container and scoops the entity into it.*

**Moore:** Actually, would be lovely if you could barf up a few more little babies for me.

*She smiles at SCP-8786-1. It stares back blankly. She shrugs and stands back up before leaving the cell once again. SCP-8786-1 closes its eyes and leans to the side, breathing heavily.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**SCP-8786 Containment Chamber — Security Footage**

**Date:** July 2nd, 1985

**Time:** 9:15am

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*SCP-8786-1 sits incredibly still, staring directly at the door. Emily Moore enters with a handful of protein bars and a water bottle.*

**Moore:** You better behave yourself today. 

*Moore takes a few steps forward before stopping.* 

**Moore:** Quit talking to it, Emily. It can't understand you. 

*Moore sighs and walks over to the object, kneeling down next to it. She sets down the bottle and begins unwrapping the bars before hesitating. She sniffs the air.* 

**Moore:** *(Quietly)* Is something burning?

*SCP-8786-1 suddenly lunges forward, its restraints falling away with little resistance. Moore shouts and falls backwards. SCP-8786-1 crawls on top of her. It bites down into the side of her neck and she screams, before pushing SCP-8786-1 off of her. A large chunk of flesh is torn off of Moore's neck, stuck in SCP-8786-1's teeth. Moore kicks SCP-8786-1 in the stomach and it falls to the ground with a shriek.*

**Moore:** What... What d'you fucking do to me?

*A SCP-8786 parasite wriggles in the torn bleeding flesh of Moore's neck. She claws at her neck and manages to pull it out, tossing it to the floor. Moore pulls herself back up to her feet and stomps on it hard. SCP-8786-1 attempts to stand up, and Moore kicks it in the stomach again, then in the neck and stomach once more.*

**Moore:** You little fucking shit! 

*Moore puts a hand on her neck, which is bleeding profusely. The door opens and Security Officer Kim Park runs in, pointing his submachine gun at the object.*

**Park:** Shit, are you alright?

**Moore:** You're a little fucking late. 

**Park:** I came in as soon as I could. 

*He suddenly aims his firearm at Moore.*

**Park:** Wait! Are you infected? 

**Moore:** No, put that thing down. You better get some more guys in here. 

*Park aims his firearm back at the object.*

**Park:** What the hell happened? How'd it get loose?

**Moore:** Look. 

*She gestures to the restraints on the wall and on the object. The thick white cords are cut in half and singed black.*

**Moore:** It must have been cutting at them little by little these past weeks. 

**Park:** Well, shit. What're we gonna do about that? 

**Moore:** For starters I'm going to be feeding it a little less, see how it likes that. And I have some other ideas, too...

*Moore looks down at the object. It's curled into a fetal position, bleeding from the mouth. It's whimpering and struggling to breathe.* 

**Moore:** Clean this thing up, I'm going to go patch up my neck. 

*Moore exits the cell. Two more security guards enter in after her.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

= **AUDIO LOG 4**

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

That clever little freak. I'm not showing it any more kindness now. It thinks it can outsmart me? It just made its life even worse. It tried to infect me! Twice! Tried to puke up a little baby parasite right into my neck, the bitch!

... Okay, calm the fuck down, Em. You're not intimidated by a stupid little parasite inside a dead girl. 

Alright, I'm only going to be feeding it every other day now. And I'll have to check its bonds regularly. Maybe carry a taser with me just to be safe. As for the tests, forget sedatives and depressants. I'm starting with the hard stuff, going to work my way down the list. See how much it can take. Something's gotta knock it out for real. 

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**SCP-8786 Containment Chamber — Security Footage**

**Date:** August 22nd, 1985

**Time:** 8:05pm

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*Emily Moore has been testing with SCP-8786-1 all day. She's crouched in front of it, writing on a notepad. There is a deep scar on the left side of her neck. SCP-8786-1 is shaking and bleeding, but remains conscious. The cell door slides open and officer Kim Park peeks in.*

**Park:** Oh, of course you're in here.

*Moore doesn't turn around but lets out a sigh.*

**Moore:** What do you want, Park?

**Park:** Geez Emily, we've been working together for awhile now, could at least try to pretend like you like me. 

**Moore:** Don't take it so personally; I don't like anybody. 

**Park:** You never eat at the cafeteria or come to anybody's parties anymore either, hardly anybody ever sees you. I only ever find you here or in the lab. 

**Moore:** Is there a point to this?

**Park:** I just— Sorry, I just came in here to let you know they're bringing in another one. 

**Moore:** Another what?

**Park:** Another 8786.

*Moore turns around and sets her notepad down.*

**Moore:** What? Who is it?

**Park:** That girl from the police station tape. The one that got flung into a desk, not the blonde. 

**Moore:** Fucking great. She was in the hospital, how'd they miss the parasite? 

*Park shrugs.*

**Park:** Didn't know what to look for, I guess. 

**Moore:** Did it hurt anybody?

**Park:** Oh yeah, killed a couple of kids at school. Field guys are still cleaning up the mess right now.

**Moore:** God fucking damnit! These stupid fucking parasites! 

*Moore stands up and walks over to Park.*

**Moore:** There better not be any more of them. 

**Park:** They told me there were some parasites in the bodies, but they haven't woken up yet. Might be dead for real. They were going to check the girl's mother next. Guess they're gonna have to keep a real close eye on that town from now on.

*Moore sighs.* 

**Moore:** Alright, I think I'm getting close to something here. Did you know this parasite doesn't sleep, ever?

**Park:** I never noticed. 

**Moore:** Check the cams, it goes still when nobody's around but it's always awake. I think that's cause its little 'lizard brain' is running at 110%, 24/7. Might be why its always overheating. But some of the new stronger stuff I've been trying on it recently has been having more of an effect. I just have to keep poking at its brain until I can to put it into a coma and then we can officially call it contained. I suppose it'll be helpful to have a new test subject.

**Park:** Right then. You, uh, done in here? They're bringing in the new one in a few hours. 

**Moore:** Yeah, just let me clean up a bit. 

*Park leaves. Moore grabs her items off the floor and closes the door behind her.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**SCP-8786 Containment Chamber — Security Footage**

**Date:** August 22nd, 1985

**Time:** 11:18pm

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*The door to the cell slides open and two security guards enter, dragging SCP-8786-2 in between them. The object is in a straitjacket and hisses, trying to bite at the guard's arms. It's kicking and fighting; the guards struggle to move it. Officer Kim Park enters immediately after them and jabs a hand taser into SCP-8786-2's neck, causing it to seize up.*

**Park:** Put it down right there.

*He points at a second restraint that has been bolted into the wall right next to SCP-8786-1. The guards drag SCP-8786-2 over there and forcefully sit it down. They begin tying it up, lacing the wall's cords into the loops on the straitjacket.*

**Park:** Thanks again fellas. 

*Emily Moore enters and leans against the wall, watching the objects. The guards finish and exit the cell.*

**Park:** Well, that was exhausting. 

**Moore:** It's not any stronger than a normal teenage girl, you know. 

**Park:** Yeah, still. Thing was feisty. 

*SCP-8786-2 continues hissing and tugging against its restraints. SCP-8786-1 sits calmly and watches.*

**Moore:** We'll just leave it in here tonight, but tomorrow I'll run some basic tests on it. I'm not expecting to find anything new, but I imagine it'll confirm some of my assumptions on how the parasites work.

**Park:** Right, have fun with that. Holler if you need me. 

**Moore:** Don't you have other skips to guard? 

**Park:** Not really. Heavy containment has been surprisingly, heh, light this year. These two have been causing the most problems so far. 

**Moore:** Well, they shouldn't for much longer.

*Park glances at the two objects.*

**Park:** I almost pity them. 

**Moore:** Don't. They're just monsters. 

*Park shrugs and exits the cell. Moore turns to the two objects.*

**Moore:** Gonna be light's out real soon for you. 

*She exits and shuts the door behind her. SCP-8786-2 finally goes still, staring at the floor.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

= **AUDIO LOG 5**

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

Alright. It's the first of September now. The new one is the same as the old. Same growth on the inside. Same habits and behaviors. And the two of them are never hostile towards each other, only ever at me. It's like they know the one next to it is another of their kind. 

Everything I've been trying on them just seems to make the both of them even more aggressive and unpredictable. 8786-1 started slamming its head into the wall one day and I had to tase it to get it to stop. Drugs just aren't pressing on the right areas of the brain, I'm shooting in the dark here. The only thing that makes them calm down is... well, poisons. Nerve agents. Things that just attack the whole nervous system. 

I hesitate to use too much out of fear of killing them outright, but fuck it. They've taken everything I've thrown at them so far and fought it off in a day or two. Any drug I give them, they're able to just filter it out of their system and puke it back up. I'm gonna need a real intense dose to knock 'em out for good. I've got a few things to use in mind. The kind of stuff that would result in a really painful death for any normal human. 

I'll try it on just one, at first. In case it does die, I'll still have the other.

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**SCP-8786 Containment Chamber — Security Footage**

**Date:** September 2nd, 1985

**Time:** 4:29pm

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*Emily Moore enters the cell holding an injector. Both objects begin hissing at her.*

**Moore:** Oh, shut up.

*She walks over to SCP-8786-1 and crouches, grabbing it by the neck. She jabs the injector into the base of its neck, before leaning back and observing it. It shrieks, gasps and shudders, before emitting one last whimper and going still.* 

**Moore:** Shit.

*She places two fingers on its neck and feels for a pulse. She waits for a moment before dropping her hand and sighing.* 

**Moore:** Well, fuck. Probably for the best anyways. 

*She moves to stand up before gasping as SCP-8786-1 suddenly shouts and opens its eyes again.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Stop! Stop, please...

**Moore:** What the fuck?!

**SCP-8786-1:** Hurting, stop hurting... I don't— What? Where—

*SCP-8786-1 looks around its cell. Moore watches it with wide eyes, frozen.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Why— Why am I here? Where is—

*SCP-8786-1 looks at Moore.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Who are... you. You hurt me. Why did you— 

**Moore:** How is it doing this? It shouldn't be able to talk. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Hello? 

**Moore:** Um... hello. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Where am I? 

**Moore:** Y-you're in a cell. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Why? Did I do something? 

**Moore:** Yes, you— What do you remember?

**SCP-8786-1:** I can't. Remember. Only pain... and hunger. 

*SCP-8786-1 glances at the other SCP object.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Who is she? Is she like me? 

**Moore:** Y-yeah. Um. Fuck. Okay. 

*Moore takes a deep breath.*

**Moore:** I have to go do something. I'll be right back.

**SCP-8786-1:** Wait! Don't leave! Don't leave me in here! I'm starving! 

**Moore:** I'll get you some food in a moment.

**SCP-8786-1:** Why did you hurt me? Why? 

*Moore quickly stands up and moves towards the door.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Hey! Don't go! Please! 

*Moore shuts the door behind her without a word. SCP-8786-1 pants and whimpers. It turns towards SCP-8786-2.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Hello? 

*SCP-8786-2 stares blankly.* 

**SCP-8786-1:** What's wrong with you? I'm talking to you. 

*SCP-8786-2 doesn't respond. SCP-8786-1 whimpers again.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Is this a dream? What's happening? 

*SCP-8786-1 squirms in its bonds.*

**SCP-8786-1:** I'm so hungry...

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**Interview Room H-5 — Video Transcript — Interview 8786-1.1**

**Date:** September 2nd, 1985

**Time:** 5:00pm

**Interviewer:** Emily Moore

**Interviewed:** SCP-8786-1

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*SCP-8786-1 is sitting in a chair, looking around the interview room. Its head flicks to the door as it opens and Emily Moore walks in with her notepad in hand. She sits down opposite of it, setting the notepad down on the table.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Hello? You still haven't gotten me food yet. 

**Moore:** I'll get you food if you answer my questions. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Okay…

**Moore:** Now, 8786-1, can you tell me what you are? 

**SCP-8786-1:** A... person? Why are you calling me that? I have a name! I can remember it now.

**Moore:** And what would that be? 

**SCP-8786-1:** Riley. 

**Moore:** Of course, sure. What else do you remember?

**SCP-8786-1:** That girl in the cell with me, I think I used to know her. I think she helped me once? Her name is Kaylee. No, Katie. Why can't she talk? What's wrong with her?

**Moore:** I'll explain everything soon. Now, how do you feel right now?

**SCP-8786-1:** Scared, hungry. 

**Moore:** Do you feel like you want to hurt people? 

**SCP-8786-1:** What? No, of course not!

**Moore:** Do you feel like you could hurt me with your mind if you thought hard enough?

**SCP-8786-1:** What are you talking about? 

**Moore:** Do you know what you are?

**SCP-8786-1:** Why are you asking me this? I don't understand what you want. 

**Moore:** You claim to be Riley Dunne. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Yeah? 

**Moore:** Riley Dunne has been brain dead for the past three months. 

**SCP-8786-1:** What? Is that what happened to me? Was I hurt really bad?

**Moore:** In a manner of speaking. 

**SCP-8786-1:** But I remember the cell, and you! I can't have been dead!

**Moore:** You remember that?

**SCP-8786-1:** It felt like I was dreaming, or looking through somebody else's eyes. I couldn't— I couldn't think. It's so foggy. Your face— I didn't recognize you at first. But you're the woman in the white coat who kept jabbing me in the neck. Why did you do that? You kept hurting me for so long. 

**Moore:** I was trying to help you. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Help me? What's wrong with me? Why am I restrained like this? Why am I here?

**Moore:** You're not human, that's why you are here. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Not— I'm human! My name is Riley, I live in an apartment, I have parents, I'm hu— I-I *had* parents. Mom... Dad... oh... Dad, he— Did I— 

*SCP-8786-1 whines and begins hyperventilating.*

**SCP-8786-1:** I did something. W-what did I do?

**Moore:** You hurt people. With your mind. 

**SCP-8786-1:** How is that— How could I do that? 

**Moore:** It's in your nature. 

**SCP-8786-1:** No! No, I'm a good person! 

**Moore:** You're a parasite. You killed the girl whose body you now inhabit, and you killed her father, and two more men. 

**SCP-8786-1:** NO! NO I'M NOT! I'M RILEY! 

**Moore:** 8786-1, calm down. 

**SCP-8786-1:** SHUT UP! YOU'RE A LIAR! YOU HURT ME! 

*Moore rubs at her eyes.*

**Moore:** Ugh, this is going nowhere. I'll try the other one. 

*Moore stands up and moves to leave the room.* 

**SCP-8786-1:** HEY! LET ME GO! DON'T LEAVE ME HERE! 

*Moore exits and Officer Kim Park enters to escort SCP-8786-1 back to its cell.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Hey! Hey, you! You have to let me go, I didn't do anything! Please, please I just want to go home! I have a mom, I want to see her! Let me go! 

**Park:** Just shut up, please. Don't make this harder for both of us. 

*He stands it up and pushes it towards the door.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Please, please, please don't put me back in there, I don't want to go back in!

*He shoves it to keep it moving.*

**SCP-8786-1:** What's wrong with you people? I didn't— I'm human too!

*Park closes the door behind them.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

= **AUDIO LOG 6**

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

Yeah, I don't trust that for a second. It's a trick of some kind, an adaptation, trying to get me to lower my guard, to empathize with it. Well that's not going to happen. I'm not slipping up and letting these things get loose. 

I have to be careful though. Now that they can talk, the committee's going to be up my ass if I go too far with this. Fuck. Can't go back now, I guess I'll inject the other one, see how it reacts. I don't understand how this happened, the injection was just a nerve agent, pure poison. The parasite is still active, but somehow the rest of the brain just... switched back on all of a sudden. Maybe it shocked the parasite so much it just spasmed and lit back up all the dark pathways out of panic?

 I just don't know. But I *do* know that they're still inhuman. And dangerous. 

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**Interview Room H-5 — Video Transcript — Interview 8786-2.1**

**Date:** September 3rd, 1985

**Time:** 8:01am

**Interviewer:** Emily Moore

**Interviewed:** SCP-8786-2

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*SCP-8786-2 is sitting still in its chair. Emily Moore sits opposite, writing in her notepad.*

**Moore:** Okay, let's start. Who do you think you are?

**SCP-8786-2:** Katie. Katie Reid. 

**Moore:** How are you feeling right now?

**SCP-8786-2:** Sick. 

**Moore:** Not violent at all? Like you want to hurt me?

**SCP-8786-2:** N-no...

**Moore:** What do you remember? 

**SCP-8786-2:** I hurt people. I h-hurt my friend...

**Moore:** Do you know why?

**SCP-8786-2:** I don't know what's wrong with me. I felt so sick and hungry and angry all the time and I just... oh God.

*SCP-8786-2 gags and rests its head on the table.*

**Moore:** 8786-2? I need you to answer my questions. 

*SCP-8786-2 begins crying, sobbing in between labored breaths. Moore sighs.*

**Moore:** Damnit. 

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**SCP-8786 Containment Chamber — Security Footage**

**Date:** September 3rd, 1985

**Time:** 8:21am

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*SCP-8786-1 sits on the ground in the middle of the cell. The door opens and SCP-8786-2 is pushed in, before the door shuts again. It stumbles and falls onto the floor.* 

**SCP-8786-1:** Katie? 

*SCP-8786-2 turns to look at it.*

**SCP-8786-2:** You? Oh God... s-stay away! Don't hurt me!

*SCP-8786-2 crawls into the far corner, curling into a fetal position.*

**SCP-8786-1:** You remember me? 

*SCP-8786-1 crawls towards SCP-8786-2.*

**SCP-8786-2:** NO! DON'T TOUCH ME!

**SCP-8786-1:** Katie, I'm sorry! I never— I never meant to hurt you! I-I was so scared, I lost control! 

**SCP-8786-2:** YOU DID THIS TO ME! YOU TURNED ME INTO A MONSTER! 

**SCP-8786-1:** Katie, I—

*SCP-8786-1 stops and scoots back away from SCP-8786-2.*

**SCP-8786-1:** I'm sorry, I'm so sorry... 

*Both of them remain quiet for a few minutes. Eventually, SCP-8786-2 starts sniffling.*

**SCP-8786-2:** She was right...

**SCP-8786-1:** What? 

**SCP-8786-2:** My mom was right about everything. I never should have helped you, I never should have hung out with Ash... This— This is a punishment. For, for... 

*SCP-8786-2 sobs. SCP-8786-1 opens its mouth as if to say something, but then closes it. It turns away from SCP-8786-2 and lays on the ground. SCP-8786-2 continues crying quietly.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

= **AUDIO LOG 7**

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

Damnit. That Durand asshole came back again, I had to tell him everything. I didn't get anything useful out of the interviews yet, no confirmation that the skips are still violent. Now he's telling me I have to "abide by ethical standards when dealing with sentient humanoids" or whatever the fuck. Basically he wants me to start giving these things privileges. No, fuck that. These things are just waiting for us to ease up so they can break out. I can get away with starving them for a little while longer; let's hope further interviews will give me something to work with. 

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**Interview Room H-5 — Video Transcript — Interview 8786-1.2**

**Date:** September 4th, 1985

**Time:** 8:02am

**Interviewer:** Emily Moore

**Interviewed:** SCP-8786-1

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*SCP-8786-1 is now out of a straitjacket and in standard humanoid clothing. It scratches at the metal table. Emily Moore enters the room and sits down in the chair opposite of the object.*

**Moore:** Alright, let's try this again, shall we?

*SCP-8786-1 sighs.*

**Moore:** Why don't we start with the events leading up to your incident. What can you remember? 

**SCP-8786-1:** I remember a lot more now. Um... first I ran away from home. And got lost.

**Moore:** Can you tell me why?

**SCP-8786-1:** Because of my mom, a-and my dad. Mom got sick. And she didn't get better. And then the hospital called and said she died in the night. And after that, dad got worse. He was always bad, even when mom was still around, but after that he just...

**Moore:** He what?

**SCP-8786-1:** Well he would drink a lot, and get really sad and angry.

**Moore:** Did he hurt you? 

*SCP-8786-1 looks down at the table and nods.*

**Moore:** So you ran away from home? 

**SCP-8786-1:** I packed a bag and tried going north. I just wanted to get out of the city, away from him. I think I tried hitchhiking for a while but that grew dangerous. You know, all these people who thought they would be helping me by taking me back home. Or people who looked even more scary and dangerous than my dad. 

**Moore:** So... you walked? Two hundred miles? 

**SCP-8786-1:** I think I stole a bike at one point. 

**Moore:** Where were you trying to go? 

**SCP-8786-1:** I don't know, Canada? I got lost, eventually. It grew harder to find towns and the forests seemed to get bigger and bigger and my food started running out. One night, I think I was drinking water from a pond and something weird happened. 

**Moore:** What was it?

**SCP-8786-1** A bunch of plants were burned in a patch around the pond and the rocks looked... warped, and kind of weird. Like maybe lightning had struck there or something? But then there was something big. In the woods. It looked like a deer, it was hard to tell in the dark. But it was eating something that smelled dead. And its face, it— deer don't do that. I got scared and ran and tripped down a slope and I guess I hit my head really hard on some rocks. When I woke up there was so much blood everywhere. I don't know how I didn't die. But I couldn't remember anything then. Oh, shit...

**Moore:** What? 

**SCP-8786-1:** I just remembered I left my backpack by that pond. 

**Moore:** Do you think you could tell me where you found that pond? 

**SCP-8786-1:** It must have been somewhere south of that town, 'cause when I woke up I was right next to it. 

**Moore:** That's where you met Katie Reid? 

**SCP-8786-1:** Yeah. When I woke up I cleaned the blood off my face and walked into town. I saw her and... her friend. I can't remember her name.

**Moore:** Ashley Carter?

**SCP-8786-1:** That sounds about right. I followed them into the arcade and I just wanted to play games with them. Be their friend. But Katie noticed something was wrong with me pretty quickly and she tried to help me. Ashley protested, I remember. She didn't like me, I got scared every time she looked at me. But Katie took me to her house and let me shower and eat food. 

**Moore:** Was Katie's mother home?

**SCP-8786-1:** No, she was at work I think. Ashley called the cops. And we all went to the station, and then my dad came to get me, and I was starting to remember things around then and I got so scared and angry that I got this far, I met such a nice person like Katie and he was going to drag me all the way back home with him! I didn't want to let him take me, and then all of a sudden it was so easy to just think about it and... remove his arm. 

**Moore:** Then, you killed him. 

*SCP-8786-1 grows quiet for a moment.*

**SCP-8786-1:** I didn't— I didn't mean to. I didn't even know I could. But when I saw all that blood, there was a rush. A feeling shot up my spine. I just— I was *so* angry. At him, at the stupid cops that were going to let him take me. And it was just... so easy. To just think about it, and everything moved around me the way I told it to, melting, ripping. It felt so good. I liked it, I think. For a moment. But then I realized I had just done something I could never take back. And Katie... I thought she would hate me now. But she still tried to help me. Even after what I had just done. And I hurt her. I couldn't control myself and I hurt her. And now I don't expect her to ever forgive me.

**Moore:** So, you admit it then? You are a killer? 

**SCP-8786-1:** ... Yes.

**Moore:** And do you have an... urge to hurt me?

**SCP-8786-1:** *(Quietly)* I'm thinking about it. 

**Moore:** That'll be all for today, then. 

**SCP-8786-1:** No, come on, I didn't— Don't put me back in that box! I didn't mean it!

**Moore:** A fair warning, 8786-1, do not ever try to harm me or any other Foundation personnel. Or we *will* have to terminate you.

*Moore stands up and moves to leave the room. SCP-8786-1 groans and sets its head down on the table. Security Officer Kim Park enters.*

**Park:** C'mon, time to go. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Yeah, yeah I know...

*SCP-8786-1 slowly stands up and walks over to Park.*

**Park:** No sudden moves, now.

*Both of them exit the room.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**SCP-8786 Containment Chamber — Security Footage**

**Date:** September 4th, 1985

**Time:** 8:35am

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*The cell door enters and SCP-8786-1 stumbles in. The door shuts behind it and it sighs before sitting down and leaning against the wall. SCP-8786-2 is curled up in the opposite corner, shaking.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Fuck.

*SCP-8786-2 stirs and peeks out from under its arm.*

**SCP-8786-2:** Never heard you curse before...

**SCP-8786-1:** My mom didn't like it. 

**SCP-8786-2:** Mine neither. She said Ash was a bad influence...

**SCP-8786-1:** You cursed quite a bit I remember. 

**SCP-8786-2:** Ash cursed even more than me.

*Both of them grow quiet for a long moment.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Hey, uh, y'know despite everything, thank you for what you did. Helping me. I don't think either of us could have imagined we'd end up here...

*SCP-8786-2 stays silent.*

**SCP-8786-1:** I'm... really sorry for ruining your life. 

**SCP-8786-2:** I did that all by myself...

**SCP-8786-1:** No, no you didn't Katie. None of this is your fault, you're a good person.

**SCP-8786-2:** I'm sorry for yelling at you yesterday. 

**SCP-8786-1:** We were both scared. And sad. 

*Both SCP-8786 instances grow quiet again.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Do you think you might want to talk about... [what happened to us](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/your-burning-kindness)? 

*SCP-8786-2 doesn't respond, but readjusts to turn away from SCP-8786-1.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Okay, yeah. I'll leave you alone, then.

*SCP-8786-1 curls up on the floor and closes its eyes.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

= **AUDIO LOG 8**

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

I tried telling that Durand idiot that 8786-1 threatened me, but he's not having it. That motherfucker is trying to take this away from me! They want me to move them to a Type-B cell! Yeah, like they won't break out of that easily. They're feeding them full meals, their powers are going to be at full strength now! Damnit, these idiots don't know what they're dealing with! I have to— Have to do *something*, I just need proof. I'll do whatever it takes...

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**Interview Room H-5 — Video Transcript — Interview 8786-2.2**

**Date:** September 4th, 1985

**Time:** 5:50pm

**Interviewer:** Emily Moore

**Interviewed:** SCP-8786-2

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*SCP-8786-2 is staring down at the table in the center of the room. Emily Moore sits opposite, leaning against the table.*

**Moore:** Could you tell me what led you to take the lives of two young girls? 

**SCP-8786-2:** I don't want to talk about it.

**Moore:** I need you to talk to me, I need to know what happened. 

*SCP-8786-2 remains silent.*

**Moore:** Was there something going on at school? Were other kids mean to you?

**SCP-8786-2:** ... Yes.

**Moore:** Did Ashley Carter hurt you? 

*SCP-8786-2 looks up suddenly.*

**SCP-8786-2:** No! Not her, never her. 

**Moore:** Then why did you kill her?

**SCP-8786-2:** It was an accident! I didn't know it was her!

**Moore:** Didn't know? How did you not know she was in the room with you? 

**SCP-8786-2:** I couldn't— They both looked like strangers all of a sudden. I couldn't remember who was who. 

**Moore:** You lost the ability to recognize human faces?

**SCP-8786-2:** I don't know! Everything happened so fast... there was yelling and Cyn and Ash were fighting and I was so scared a-and hungry and I couldn't *breathe* then suddenly I could *feel* the air around me and I just reached out a-and started pulling them apart. 

**Moore:** I see.

**SCP-8786-2:** I shouldn't have done that, I shouldn't have let all that anger and hate get into my heart. I let something into me, didn't I? Something evil. It's not normal to be able to do that. I hurt them both so easily, it was as easy as breathing. It... it felt *so* good... t-they tasted so *good*... Oh God. Ash, I'm so s-sorry... 

*SCP-8786-2 covers its face in its hands.*

**Moore:** 8786-2?

*SCP-8786-2 remains quiet, save for the occasional sniffle.*

**Moore:** Alright, we're done here for today, then.

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**Interview Room H-5 — Video Transcript — Interview 8786.3**

**Date:** September 5th, 1985

**Time:** 11:24am

**Interviewer:** Emily Moore

**Interviewed:** SCP-8786-1, SCP-8786-2

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*SCP-8786-1 and SCP-8786-2 sit together opposite of Emily Moore.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Why are we both in here today? 

**Moore:** I'd like to try to explain to the both of you what exactly you are again. 

*SCP-8786-1 sighs.*

**SCP-8786-1:** I know what we are, I'm Riley and that's Katie. And you weird government weirdos are keeping us locked up because we killed some people. 

**Moore:** With telekinetic abilities, yes. But do you know why both of you can do these things?

**SCP-8786-1:** You called me a parasite. 

**Moore:** Yes. Wrapped around both of your spines is a thin, long, parasitic creature. We don't know where this parasite came from, but it has changed your internal biology. It allows you to do these things, and *it* is what's really in control. I imagine it is what I'm talking to right now. 

*SCP-8786-2 shudders and appears nauseous. It curls up and hides its face in its knees.*

**SCP-8786-1:** I don't understand what you're talking about! I can remember everything now, I can remember my whole life! Even if this parasite is inside of me, I'm still me! 

**Moore:** You don't understand. When we found you after your "incidents", you were clinically dead. Not sleeping, *dead*. When you woke up neither of you could speak, neither of you seemed to understand anything. Both of you were mindlessly aggressive. Brain dead. You hear me? You tried to attack our people— *you*, 8786-1, attacked me! You gave me this! 

*She gestures to the deep scar on the side of her neck.*

**SCP-8786-1:** But I never wanted to hurt anyone! I didn't mean to— Neither of us meant to do what we did!

**Moore:** But you did do it, your parasitic instincts compelled you to. The only reason we are able to speak now is, miraculously, the drugs I was testing on you resulted in an unexpected reaction. Your frontal lobes got turned back on for some reason. But you, both of you, are. Not. Human. I need you to understand this, so you can understand why you are here. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Is that why you refuse to call us by our names? Because you think we're just, what, some alien parasites controlling dead bodies? 

**Moore:** That is exactly what you are. And your names are SCP-8786-1 and SCP-8786-2 now. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Why? I get we are prisoners here, wherever here is. But, we can speak now, we don't want to hurt anybody, why are you so mean to us? 

**Moore:** Because you both are a threat to everyone around you, your ability to infect and kill others makes you dangerous. 

**SCP-8786-1:** So... we're just supposed to live in that cell forever? Katie can't ever see her mom again? 

**Moore:** It's for the best. 

**SCP-8786-1:** For the best?! How could you say that?!

**Moore:** Because I know what you really are! You can't fool me. I'm not letting either of you parasites hurt anyone ever again. 

**SCP-8786-1:** I'm not a parasite!

**Moore:** Yes you are, you're a murderer and a monster and you know it!

**SCP-8786-1:** I am NOT! 

*The lights in the room flicker and 8786-1 grinds its fingers against the table.*

**Moore:** You freak. 

*SCP-8786-1 tenses up. The metal table begins warping slightly, and Moore stands out of her chair and takes a step back. SCP-8786-1 takes in a deep breath and the warping stops.*

**SCP-8786-1:** I-I'm not a monster. 

*Moore cusses and kicks her chair over, startling SCP-8786-2.*

**Moore:** Neither of you are ever seeing the light of day again! I'll make sure of it!

*Moore quickly leaves the room. SCP-8786-2 is sobbing.*

**SCP-8786-2:** I want to go h-home. I d-don't want to go back to that cell….

*SCP-8786-1 looks towards SCP-8786-2, then looks away, burying its face in its hands. Security Officer Kim Park enters.*

**Park:** C'mon, let's get going. 

*The SCP-8786 instances slowly stand up and move to leave. Park follows, hand on his sidearm.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**SCP-8786 Containment Chamber — Security Footage**

**Date:** September 5th, 1985

**Time:** 10:03pm

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*SCP-8786-1 is lying on the ground, facing the wall, eyes closed. SCP-8786-2 is crouched in the middle of the room, scratching at its lower back and panting. After half an hour 8786-1 stirs and opens its eyes, sitting up.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Katie? What are you— 

*SCP-8786-1 gasps. SCP-8786-2 has ripped through its shirt and torn open the skin on its back. Blood covers its hands and drips down its shirt, coating the floor. Its spine is visible.* 

**SCP-8786-1:** Katie!

*SCP-8786-1 crawls over to SCP-8786-2 and grabs its hands, pulling them away from its back.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Katie, stop! Stop this! 

*SCP-8786-2 shakes and sobs.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Katie, hey, look at me!

**SCP-8786-2:** I c-can't sleep. I can f-feel it. Ins-side me. I just— I need to get it out I *have* to dig it out, I have to, I have to, I have to, I have to—

**SCP-8786-1:** You can't do that, okay? You'll just hurt yourself. Don't hurt yourself, please!

*SCP-8786-2 sobs even louder and collapses onto SCP-8786-1. SCP-8786-1 is frozen for a moment before it wraps its arms around SCP-8786-2 and hugs it. SCP-8786-2 buries its face into SCP-8786-1's shoulder and continues crying. They stay like this for several minutes. Slowly, SCP-8786-2's injury stitches itself back up, muscle and skin growing back over the bone.* 

**SCP-8786-2:** *(Mumbling)* We're going to be monsters forever now, aren't we? 

**SCP-8786-1:** Maybe— Maybe we don't have to be. I'm still me and you're still you and I-I care about you. I still— I think, um...

**SCP-8786-2:** ... What?

**SCP-8786-1:** I... love you. 

*SCP-8786-2 grows quiet.*

**SCP-8786-1:** K-Katie?

**SCP-8786-2:** I don't know...

**SCP-8786-1:** Do you hate me?

**SCP-8786-2:** I hate myself. But I can't hate you. I just—

*SCP-8786-2 pulls away from SCP-8786-1 and looks at it face to face.*

**SCP-8786-2:** I wish things didn't... happen like this. I wish we could have gone to the same school and played arcade games and been normal. I don't blame you for any of this. But I just don't know right now. How I feel… about you. About us.

**SCP-8786-1:** Okay. That's okay.

*Both of them go quiet for a long moment. They jump as the door to the cell suddenly opens. Emily Moore storms in, a taser in hand, and the door closes behind her.*

**SCP-8786-1:** What're you— 

*Moore jabs the taser into the back of SCP-8786-2's neck. It lets out a scream and collapses.*

**SCP-8786-1:** GET AWAY FROM HER!

*Moore points the taser at SCP-8786-1.*

**Moore:** I know what you are! Come on, show it to me! Hurt me, I'm right here! You want me to stop?

*SCP-8786-1 stands up, hands balled into fists. It doesn't move.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Don't you fucking touch her!

*Moore crouches down and jabs the taser into SCP-8786-2's neck again, making it spasm and struggle to breath.*

**SCP-8786-1:** LEAVE HER ALONE!

*The air around SCP-8786-1 begins to shimmer and warp. Moore has a wide grin on her face.*

**Moore:** Come on, do it! It's so easy, right? It's just in your nature to hurt people!

*Moore jabs SCP-8786-2 once again. It whimpers and tries to curl into a fetal position, but its muscles spasm uncontrollably.*

**SCP-8786-1:** STOP THAT! I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU!

**Moore:** Just like you killed your dad, right? Go ahead then!

**SCP-8786:** SHUT UP! SHUT THE FUCK UP, YOU'RE JUST LIKE HIM!

*The cell door opens suddenly and Eric Durand runs in.*

**Durand:** Get away from them, Emily!

*Moore stands up and spins around.*

**Moore:** You?! I won't let you take this away from me!

**Durand:** I don't know what you're trying to prove here, but I won't let you hurt them anymore.

**Moore:** They're monsters! They're just pretending to be people! I'm *trying* to show you that! Let me prove it! 

**Durand:** They may have been hostile before, but they aren't now. Drop the taser, before you make things worse for yourself.

**Moore:** Fucking make me.

*Moore motions to electrocute SCP-8786-2 once again. Durand rushes her and they struggle for the weapon. Emily tries to jab him with the taser but he grabs her wrist and slams her hand into the floor, making her drop it. SCP-8786-1 runs forward and grabs it, then stands over SCP-8786-2, guarding it. Durand begins to overpower Moore. She tries to kick at him as he presses her into the floor. He eventually gets her hands behind her back and she yells.*

**Moore:** Get off of me! They're going to kill us all! The moment you slip up they will rip us all to pieces!

*Durand presses his knee into her back and keeps her held down. The cell door opens and Kim Park rushes in.*

**Park:** I'm sorry Emily I tried to stop him but— 

*He stops. Durand looks at him.*

**Park:** Ah, shit. 

**Durand:** You were in on this?

**Park:** I didn't— She just said she was going to— 

*He notices the now armed SCP-8786-1. He draws his sidearm and aims at it.* 

**Park:** Drop the weapon! 

**SCP-8786-1:** FUCK OFF!

*Durand looks between the object and Park then grunts as Moore tries once again to break free.*

**Durand:** If you want to keep your job asshole, forget about the skip. Get over here and cuff her right now!

*Park groans and obeys, holstering his gun and unhooking his handcuffs. He moves over to Durand and Moore and crouches down to get the cuffs around Moore's wrists.*

**Moore:** Fuck! Kim, you bastard! 

**Park:** Sorry, Emily, but you've gone off the deep end. I'm not losing my job over this. 

*Durand moves off of her and Park stands Moore up. She pants, her face bruised. SCP-8786-2's blood stains her cheek from the pool on the floor. She makes one last attempt to break away from Park but is too weak.*

**Durand:** Get her out of here. Don't try anything. 

*Park nods and begins walking Moore out of the cell.*

**Moore:** Durand you fucker! You'll get us all killed! Useless fucking ethics are going to get us all killed!

*Moore is dragged out of the cell and Durand turns towards the shaking SCP-8786-1, who is gripping the taser tightly and pointing at him.*

**SCP-8786-1:** S-stay away!

*Durand raises his hands.*

**Durand:** It's okay, I won't touch you. 

**SCP-8786-1:** You people are insane! All of this is insane! 

**Durand:** I'm sorry, kid, I'm sorry she hurt you. Just... give me the taser, okay? 

*He slowly begins reaching for it. SCP-8786-1 flinches but lets him take it out of its hands. It drops its arms before hugging its body, panting. Durand pockets the taser.* 

**Durand:** This is not how things are supposed to happen here, I'm so sorry. I tried to tell them over and over that she was losing it. This place gets to people sometimes. 

*SCP-8786-1 remains silent, but crouches down to look at SCP-8786-2. SCP-8786-2 is crying softly, hugging its bloody shirt.*

**Durand:** Are you both alright? Do you need anything? 

**SCP-8786-1:** I-I don't know. Katie's hurt...

**Durand:** Okay then. I'll get you both something to eat and somebody to take a look at her. I'll be right back. 

*He stands up and moves to leave the cell, glancing back for a moment before stepping out.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Katie? 

*SCP-8786-1 reaches out to touch SCP-8786-2's shoulder. It flinches and curls up tighter, hiccupping in between quiet sobs. SCP-8786-1 retracts its arm and sighs, moving away from SCP-8786-2 and leaning against the wall.*

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**Interview Room H-5 — Video Transcript — Interview 8786.4**

**Date:** September 7th, 1985

**Time:** 10:06am

**Interviewer:** Eric Durand

**Interviewed:** SCP-8786-1, SCP-8786-2

---

**[RECORDING BEGINS]**

*Both SCP-8786 objects are sitting at one side of the table. SCP-8786-1 is picking at the skin around its nails. SCP-8786-2 has its legs pulled up onto the chair and its face buried in its knees. Durand enters the room and takes a seat opposite.*

**Durand:** Hey, you two. How are we feeling today?

*Both anomalies remain quiet. 8786-1 eventually speaks up.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Um... better today, I guess. Katie, I don't know. She won't talk to me. 

**Durand:** She doesn't have to speak then, if she doesn't want to. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Hey, you didn't call her an "it". 

**Durand:** Ah, yes. Given my job I'm exempt from those rules. 

**SCP-8786-1:** What even is your job? 

**Durand:** Well, I'm supposed to make sure humanoids like you aren't being mistreated. It seems I terribly failed you both in that sense. Your case was... complicated. You both were deemed non-sapient and extremely hostile when you arrived, so Moore's treatment of you two went unreported. I only knew about it because ever since she dismissed the other researchers from her team, I've been watching her. I tried to get both of you better conditions sooner but it's been taking awhile to get the bureaucratic gears turning. 

**SCP-8786-1:** How are things normally supposed to go, then? 

**Durand:** Well, for starters, you would have gotten a nicer cell right away. You'll still get one, but the paperwork is gonna take a bit longer. You'll get to pick what food you want from the cafeteria. I'll get you things like books, and things to draw with. You know, to pass the time. Provided you remain cooperative with us, of course.

**SCP-8786-1:** ... I can control myself. 

**Durand:** I certainly hope so. 

**SCP-8786-1:** I'm not a—

**Durand:** Of course you're not. We could debate all day about what exactly you are now, but ultimately it doesn't matter to me. What I'm talking to right now is a frightened young girl, but also smart and very, *very* strong too. Not everyone here will see it that way, and you may face a lot of people who find it all too easy to dehumanize you. But you don't have to be the monster they think you are. 

**SCP-8786-1:** So you don't... hate me? Like Moore did?

**Durand:** I try not to hate anyone, bad for the soul. You *are* dangerous, that is impossible to deny, but I choose to believe you're a good kid, murders aside. 

**SCP-8786-1:** I don't know. This all feels like one giant nightmare I can't seem to wake up from. 

**Durand:** I'm sorry your experience here has been so unpleasant. You'll get more used to how things *should* work around here in time, I hope. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Where even *is* here? 

**Durand:** Ah well... 

*Durand looks up at the camera.*

**Durand:** Not sure if I should be telling you this but... this is Site-17. We're in Colorado right now, near Boulder. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Site... 17? How many "sites" are there?

**Durand:** A lot. I'm not sure how many exactly. But our Foundation operates worldwide. 

**SCP-8786-1:** "Foundation"? So you aren't like, the government?

**Durand:** Nope, we're entirely independent and internalized. I'm sorry, did Moore not explain any of this to you? 

**SCP-8786-1:** No, she just went on and on about how dangerous we were and why we needed to be locked up. 

**Durand:** Well, besides the telekinetic murders, there are other reasons for your containment here. I'm sure you're thinking, "Alien parasites and secret coverups? Sounds like something out of a sci-fi flick!" But, yes, there's a lot of weird stuff out there. Some of it beautiful, some of it horrifying. And the public at large is not ready for any of it. People would freak out if they knew about girls who could kill people with a thought, right? 

**SCP-8786-1:** I guess so.

**Durand:** And then there's the fact our Foundation is not the only group that deals with the anomalous. Other groups out there would want to use you for their own gains, or to destroy you outright. But here, you're safe. You're prisoners, yes, but you can live rather comfortably. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Oh great, a lifetime of imprisonment or death. What a shitty deal. 

**Durand:** Sorry kiddo. Hey, we have pizza on Fridays. 

*SCP-8786-1 smirks and snorts a laugh at that. Durand smiles back.*

**Durand:** I know this is all pretty absurd. 

**SCP-8786-1:** I guess that's just how reality is. 

**Durand:** I suppose so. Now, I'd like to talk to you about how you're feeling.

**SCP-8786-1:** We just did?

**Durand:** No, sorry, I meant how do you feel physically? Can you describe to me what it is like having your condition? 

**SCP-8786-1:** Oh. Uh… I guess, first off, I feel super hot all the time. 

**Durand:** Your body heat was reported to be incredibly high, yes.

**SCP-8786-1:** Yeah, it feels like a fever. Sometimes it dies down some. I'm hungry and thirsty all the time, I guess ‘cause the parasite's got to eat too...

**Durand:** Can you feel it? The parasite? 

*SCP-8786-1 shakes its head.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Not really, I didn't even know what it was at first. I feel its effects on me but not like, it actually moving around or anything. Though, uh, Katie said something about being able to feel it that night when… all that happened. So I don't know.

**Durand:** Are you in any pain at all?

**SCP-8786-1:** Um... a little bit. Katie, much more than me.

**Durand:** I might be able to help with that soon.

**SCP-8786-1:** Are you going to bring in a new doctor to jab us with drugs again?

**Durand:** Not unless you want me to. It's only to make you more comfortable and... stable. We don't want you loosing yourself again.

*SCP-8786-1 lets out a long sigh.*

**SCP-8786-1:** We'll see, then.

**Durand:** Nothing has to be decided right now.

**SCP-8786-1:** I... I don't want to see Katie suffer anymore but... I can feel— No, never mind.

**Durand:** You can talk to me, Riley.

**SCP-8786-1:** I... 

*SCP-8786 rubs its eyes for a moment before continuing.* 

**SCP-8786-1:** I... do… want to hurt people. Moore was right. 

**Durand:** Really? 

**SCP-8786-1:** I mean it's like this... itch. A reflex, in the back of my mind.

**Durand:** You have every right to feel angry at your circumstances. 

**SCP-8786-1:** No it's not just anger, its this... hunger. This urge, like some kinda new instinct.

**Durand:** Do you feel yourself giving into this instinct?

**SCP-8786-1:** No, no never. Katie wouldn't—

*SCP-8786-1 looks to SCP-8786-2.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Katie wouldn't like it, I know. I won't hurt anyone else. 

**Durand:** I appreciate your honesty then, Riley. It's important we know these things. Not to punish you, just to understand you. To understand how you feel. 

**SCP-8786-1:** ... You're being really nice to me. It's kind of weirding me out. 

**Durand:** I'm sorry if I'm making you uncomfortable.

**SCP-8786-1:** No! I just, compared to everything that's happened—

**Durand:** You've been through a lot, I understand. 

*SCP-8786-1 rubs at its arms and looks down at the table.*

**Durand:** There's something interesting I'd like to tell you about.

*SCP-8786-1 looks back up.*

**SCP-8786-1:** What?

**Durand:** Well, our field agents reported that they found the pond you spoke of. There was no sign of any deer creatures but the pond was filled with dead fish. They looked like something had burst out from inside their stomachs, and SCP-8786 parasites swarmed around them. We're not sure how they got there but—

**SCP-8786-1:** But I got infected drinking from that stupid pond, didn't I? 

*Durand nods.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Ugh. I didn't even notice them, I was just so thirsty... 

**Durand:** We've quarantined the pond and collected as many specimens as we could find for research. None of them seem to be able to leave the pond, they die when exposed to direct sunlight. It could be because they overheat in the daylight, or it could be the UV exposure that kills them. Either way they don’t seem to last long outside of a host. Speaking of, if you became infected from the pond, then how was Katie infected? Does anything come to mind?

**SCP-8786-1:** Um, well it had to have been from me then, I guess. But I don't know— Oh. The kiss. 

**Durand:** Kiss? You and Katie... kissed? 

*SCP-8786-1 face flushes and it fiddles with its hair.*

**SCP-8786-1:** Yeah, I just— I mean, she was being really nice to me and I got a little ahead of myself...

**Durand:** But, why would you— Okay, right. Sure. That's one mystery solved, I suppose.

*SCP-8786-1 glances at SCP-8786-2. It peeks out from behind its knees then hides its face again when it notices SCP-8786-1 looking.*

**Durand:** Alright then, provided there's nothing else you would like to talk about, we can be done for today. I'll try and get you both in that new cell in a couple days. It actually has beds, and there's no camera. 

**SCP-8786-1:** Thanks. Oh, wait, what happened to Moore?

**Durand:** Well, it's not up to me to decide what happens to her. I assume she'll be interviewed by a psychologist, they'll see if she just had a psychotic break or something. She'll be disciplined, but I don't know if she'll stay at the Foundation or not. But she'll never hurt either of you ever again, okay?

**SCP-8786-1:** Okay. Thank you again. For helping us.

**Durand:** Just doing my job, kiddo. 

**[RECORDING ENDS]**

**Addendum 8786.2: Psychological profiles of the SCP-8786 subjects compiled by Ethics Committee Liaison Eric Durand:**

= **PSYCHOLOGICAL PROFILE OF SCP-8786-1**

SCP-8786-1 is adjusting well to life in containment. It occasionally snaps at personnel, but has shown restraint with its anomalous abilities and a willingness to follow commands.

SCP-8786-1 has expressed that it does not regret the murder of its father and the two deputy officers, and even enjoyed the act. It does express regret at harming SCP-8786-2. This gives insight into its view of the world and its sense of morality. It struggles to grasp the larger implications of the work we do here, but has been compliant and is not predicted to cause any trouble. It is very affectionate and protective of SCP-8786-2. This can be taken advantage of, if need be. 

It is recommended to avoid bringing up its true nature as an anomalous parasitic entity to SCP-8786-1 as this is a topic of contention to it.

---

= **PSYCHOLOGICAL PROFILE OF SCP-8786-2**

SCP-8786-2 is struggling to adapt to its new situation. It remains quiet and refuses to use its anomalous abilities, even when commanded to. It rarely speaks and appears frightened by Foundation personnel. 

SCP-8786-2 is demonstrating signs of depression and deep mental trauma. It has expressed disgust and hate towards itself and a deep fear of harming others or being harmed. It seems to be conflicted about its feelings towards SCP-8786-1, alternating between caring for it and fearing it. SCP-8786-2 is predicted to be harmless so long as it doesn't return to its past non-sapient and hostile state.

It is recommended to avoid speaking to it about its anomalous abilities or past violent incidents, as this could destabilize it. SCP-8786-2's mother, Alice Reid, took her own life not long after it was contained. SCP-8786-2 is never to be informed of this. 

<< [SCP-8785](SCP-8785) | SCP-8786 | [SCP-8787](SCP-8787) >>
