[Just Fragments Hub](Just Fragments Hub) >> SCP-8912

**SCP-8912:** You Can't Take The Country Out Of Me

**Author:** Janitor Cakeworthy

**Image Credits:**

**Name:** File:Town of Monte Cristo, Sauk River and Hartford Eastern Railroad bridge trestle, Washington, ca 1920 (WASTATE 650).jpeg

**Author:** Juleen Studio

**License:** Public Domain

**Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Town_of_Monte_Cristo,_Sauk_River_and_Hartford_Eastern_Railroad_bridge_trestle,_Washington,_ca_1920_(WASTATE_650).jpeg

**Name:** File:Five mill workers sitting on running board of a car, probably Pe Ell, ca 1920 (KINSEY 987).jpeg

**Author:** Clark Kinsey

**License:** Public Domain

**Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Five_mill_workers_sitting_on_running_board_of_a_car,_probably_Pe_Ell,_ca_1920_(KINSEY_987).jpeg

**Special Containment Procedures:** All historical records of SCP-8912 have been erased, as have those of the towns affected by Incidents-8912-3 through 8.

SCP-8912 is to be inhabited and maintained by thirty (30) Foundation personnel. Five (5) of these personnel are to focus on the maintenance, repair and upkeep of facilities. Five (5) of these personnel are designated as the research team and will be responsible for study of SCP-8912's anomalous properties and keeping log of any anomalies in the area. Twenty (20) of these personnel are designated as patrol and will work in 8 hour shifts patrolling SCP-8912 and the surrounding forests. Trails and roads running through SCP-8912 have been obscured and fenced off under the cover story of the area being a wildlife refuge.

All communication into and out of SCP-8912 is limited to 12 emails calls per day, 2 of which will be a required daily check-in at 8 PM (PST) to send status updates and request supplies. All communication into and out of SCP-8912 is to be sent to nearby Site-███ with no more than three (3) personnel from the site given access to communication. This limit is to be suspended if there is a confirmed sighting of an instance of SCP-8912-1.

Personnel stationed at SCP-8912 will be given a monthly psychological evaluation by an off-site psychologist to determine if personnel may have become instances of SCP-8912-1. If personnel exhibit any anomalous properties, they are also to be designated as instances of SCP-8912-1. In the event a staff member has become an instance of SCP-8912-1, instances are to be treated with Class C amnestics and held in medical observation in Site-███ for 1 week. If personnel no longer exhibit anomalous properties, they will be reassigned to other Foundation work. Otherwise they will undergo another round of Class C amnestic treatment and will repeat the process until no anomalous properties are displayed. Former instances of SCP-8912-1 are to be monitored for potential reemergence of memetic information or anomalous properties.

Mobile Task Force Epsilon-14 (“Private Eyes”) are currently tasked with locating and apprehending SCP-8912-1-309. Members of Mobile Task Force Epsilon-6 ("Village Idiots") are not to enter the state of Washington until SCP-8912-1-309's containment is confirmed, and members of MTF Epsilon-6 are to be monitored as potential targets of SCP-8912-1-309.

**Description:** SCP-8912 is the former logging town of Nineveh, Washington. SCP-8912 was reported to have a population of 412 individuals prior to containment on 6/7/1921. Individuals who reside within SCP-8912 for an extended period and form a sense of identity related to residing within SCP-8912 become instances of SCP-8912-1.

Instances of SCP-8912-1 are Class III Reality Benders. All instances of SCP-8912-1 display consistent anomalous abilities:

* Ability to reshape organic and inorganic matter within their line of sight.

* Ability to manifest objects and materials within their line of sight.

* Ability to temporarily demanifest living entities from our reality. Entities demanifested in this way return to our reality after a short period of timeAverage time of remanifestation is 3 days, with deviations of up to 14 hours observed. with no recollection of their time demanifested. These entities remanifest in the location where they were last present.

* Extended lifespan.To date no previous instance of SCP-8912-1 has died of natural causes, though instances still appear to age normally. (This property seems to persist even after the subject is no longer an instance of SCP-8912-1.)

Instances of SCP-8912-1 who are made to forget the existence SCP-8912 become non-anomalous individuals. However, SCP-8912 may have memetic properties which causes the reemergence of memories associated with SCP-8912, and by extension turning individuals back into instances of SCP-8912-1. This is theorized to happen over a time-frame of several decades, and is also theorized to be the cause of the reemergence of SCP-8912-1-309. (See Incident Report-8912-9 for more details.)

<details>
<summary>Addendum-8912-1: Interview-8912-1</summary>

**Interview-8912-1**

> **Interviewed:** Clarence Stebbins, resident of Moncton, Washington

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Ezekial Dodson

> 

> **Foreward:** In order to research SCP-8912 prior to containment, foundation researchers visited towns surrounding SCP-8912 to ask locals about any nearby anomalies.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dodson:** Thank you again for agreeing to do this interview.

> 

> **Stebbins:** Ain't a problem sir. Always happy to help folks from out of town.

> 

> **Dodson:** So, forgive me for being blunt, but have you seen anything strange around here lately?

> 

> *Stebbins pauses for a second before letting out a short laugh.*

> 

> **Dodson:** What's so funny?

> 

> **Stebbins:** Ya gotta be more specific than that right? Strange things happening all the time around these parts.

> 

> **Dodson:** Tell me about anything strange that has happened. Anything that shouldn't make sense by our natural laws.

> 

> **Stebbins:** Alright... Lemme start with what was the most recent. Just over a month ago, we kept noticing out cows going missing. No hoof prints, no bear prints, no boot prints. Nothing to suggest the betsys was stolen or slaughtered. So me and a couple of concerned citizens stayed up all night to see what was taking our cows. And I swear on my mother's life I ain't making this up. A murder of crows descended from the night. Must have been at least fifty of them. Hooked their talons into her back and lifted her away.

> 

> **Dodson:** Is this still an issue?

> 

> **Stebbins:** Nah, the strangers handled those crows real quick.

> 

> **Dodson:** The... Strangers?

> 

> **Stebbins:** That's what we call the folk from Nineveh. For some odd reason they're just born able to make miracles. A group of five of them came as soon as we said we needed help. They just plucked those crows out of the air and made them vanish. Once they were safe from getting their eyeballs pecked out, they moved their nest deeper in the woods, so they ain't harassing our livestock no more.

> 

> **Dodson:** What else are these strangers capable of doing?

> 

> **Stebbins:** Lots of strange shit, if you pardon my French. I saw one summon a rainstorm to put out Deloris' house fire. I seen them make food out of thin air back last winter. I even heard one of them chased out the Highwaymen by making their leader vanish and letting the bastards know that they were next if they didn't start living honest lives.

> 

> **Dodson:** I see. Could you point me in the direction to Nineveh? I need to ask some of the people there a question.

> 

> **Stebbins:** Just up the mountain. Can't miss it.

> 

> **Dodson:** Thank you Clarence. You've been a big help.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Clarence Stebbins, like many of the residents of the towns around SCP-8912, was administered Class C amnestic treatment.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Addendum-8912-2: Incident Report-8912-1</summary>

**Incident Report.8912.1:** On 6/7/1921 at 08:00, 400 Foundation agents, commanded by MTF Epsilon-6 had surrounded SCP-8912 with intent on apprehending all instances of SCP-8912-1. At 09:00, Commander Olmstead gave all units the order to move on SCP-8912. Commander Olmstead and his unit were the first to enter SCP-8912 and issued an order to all residents to surrender themselves to the Foundation.

Shortly after the order was given, 10 instances of SCP-8912-1 left their homes to meet with Commander Olmstead. The SCP-8912-1 instances refused to surrender and told MTF Epsilon-6 to leave. Commander Olmstead refused and informed the instances of SCP-8912-1 that he was given permission to detain any hostile entities. Commander Olmstead repeated his order to surrender and threatened the instances of SCP-8912-1 with detention. An instance of SCP-8912-1, later determined to be SCP-8912-1-309, demanifested one of the officers. Three more personnel were demanifested. Commander Olmstead ordered his men to use lethal force, resulting in 7 casualties.

Following this, other instances of SCP-8912-1 started demanifesting Foundation personnel. Personnel were given orders to terminate any instance that was demanifesting personnel. Foundation personnel worked to apprehend, restrain and sedate instances of SCP-8912-1. At 21:00, SCP-8912 is considered contained, with instances of SCP-8912-1 being relocated to Site-███ for amnestic treatment. 93 casualties were reported, with 56 deaths, all of which were instances of SCP-8912-1.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Addendum-8912-3: Incident Report-8912-2</summary>

**Incident Report.8912.2:** On 6/8/1921 at 10:14, 20 instances of SCP-8912-1 breached containment from Site-███. According to reports from personnel and other instances of SCP-8912-1, Instance 309 was instrumental in motivating the containment breach. The instances of SCP-8912-1 proceeded to demanifest Foundation personnel and rearranged the structure of their containment units to allow them to escape. Instances were still heavily sedated as to prevent use of their anomalous abilities, so the effort was poorly coordinated. Despite this, the instances of SCP-8912-1 were able to leave Site-███ and steal 5 Foundation automobiles.

The escape party managed to drive approximately 16 kilometers before one of the automobiles collided with a tree, killing the four occupants. The remaining vehicles stopped to inspect the damage, allowing Foundation personnel to catch up to the escape parties. Foundation personnel ordered the SCP-8912-1 instances to surrender. The instances proceeded to demanifest 6 Foundation personnel. Personnel were authorized to use lethal force, with 6 instances of SCP-8912-1 terminated and the remaining instances of the escape party injured. Instances were apprehended, restrained, sedated, and taken for immediate medical attention.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Addendum-8912-4: Interview-8912-41</summary>

**Interview-8912-41**

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8912-1-309

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Thomson Lee

> 

> **Foreword:** This interview was conducted approximately 29 hours after Incident.8912.2. SCP-8912-1-309 has been given medical treatment, is restrained and has 2 armed personnel watching over it.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Lee:** Instance 309, we have provided a list of names for the other instances that were part of the escape. Does this list look complete to you?

> 

> **SCP-8912-1-309:** Call me by my name, fed.

> 

> **Lee:** I am not able to do that. Please cooperate and we may consider dropping some of your charges.

> 

> **SCP-8912-1-309:** What charges? What crimes? The shit I've done ain't nothing compared to the hell you've unleashed! I saw you slaughter us!

> 

> **Lee:** At present you have caused 3 personnel to cease to exist.

> 

> **SCP-8912-1-309:** They're not dead! We keep trying to tell you this, they will be back!

> 

> **Lee:** Instance 309, cooperate with the investigation or you will be-

> 

> **SCP-8912-1-309:** Call me by my fucking name! The one my mother gave me!

> 

> *Dr. Lee sighs.*

> 

> **Lee:** Forget it. Terminating the interview. We're getting nowhere. Sedate the subject and prepare it for immediate amnestic treatment.

> 

> **SCP-8912-1-309:** So this is the thanks we get. We protect these forests and the mountain for 20-something years and this is how we get repai-

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Class C amnestic treatment on SCP-8912-1-309 was successful Subject has been relocated to ██████, Washington. Within 6 months, all instances of SCP-8912-1 were amnesticized and relocated. SCP-8912 classified as Safe.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Addendum-8912-5: Ethics Committee Hearing 8912-1 Transcript</summary>

**Hearing 8912-1 Transcript**

> **Participants:** Investigator Walker, Investigator Merz, Investigator Griswold, Commander Olmstead

> 

> **Foreword:** Following the termination of several instances of SCP-8912-1, Commander Olmstead was suspended for 3 months pending an investigation of his conduct.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Walker:** Thank you for coming Commander Olmstead, and I apologize for the delay in processing.

> 

> **Merz:** Let's get down to brass tacks. We have a few questions for you. Are you prepared to answer?

> 

> **Olmstead:** Yes.

> 

> **Merz:** Were you assigned to the initial containment of SCP-8912?

> 

> **Olmstead:** Yes.

> 

> **Merz:** After initial assessment we have found that sixty-two instances of SCP were terminated under your command. Does this seem accurate to you?

> 

> **Olmstead:** Yes.

> 

> **Merz:** Were you the one who authorized the use of lethal force on the anomalies?

> 

> **Olmstead:** Yes.

> 

> **Griswold:** Can you explain your reasoning as to why you authorized lethal force?

> 

> **Olmstead:** I was told prior to the 7th that these anomalies were capable of removing people from this reality. In short, killing them, at least what we had thought. We weren't yet aware that the demanifestation was temporary, so when one of my men vanished into thin air I had reason to assume we wouldn't see him again. We needed a deterrent to prevent these anomalies from vanishing us. We had to get close to sedate them, so gunfire was our next best option.

> 

> **Griswold:** When did you learn that the demanifestation was temporary?

> 

> **Olmstead:** Shortly after Incident 2, when Romero remanifested where I had last seen him.

> 

> **Walker:** Any remaining questions?

> 

> *All participants are silent for 12 seconds.*

> 

> **Walker:** Thank you Commander Olmstead. We will have your verdict ready by the end of the month.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** A month after this hearing, the verdict was delivered that Commander Olmstead was to be suspended for 8 months without pay. Commander Olmstead complied with the verdict and returned to work as Commander of Epsilon-6 following suspension. 37 of the members of Epsilon-6 resigned or transferred following Olmstead's return.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Addendum-8912-6: Incident-8912-3 Through Incident-8912-8 Reports</summary>

**Incident-8912-3 Through Incident-8912-8 Reports**

Following proper containment of SCP-8912, numerous incidents occurred in the surrounding area. SCP-8912 was temporarily reclassified as Euclid, before further research concluded that these incidents were unrelated to SCP-8912. After investigation of Incident-8912-8, SCP-8912 was reclassified as Safe.

| Incident | Date | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Incident-8912-3 | = 12/20/1921 | = A blizzard hit the nearby town of Hazel, Washington. Residents arrived at SCP-8912 looking for aid. Foundation personnel were unable to assist due to blocked roads and ration shortages. 289 confirmed civilian deaths, 13 missing civilians. The remaining residents of Hazel abandon the town. |
| Incident-8912-4 | = 4/31/1922 | = Trees around the town Moncton, Washington began displaying anomalous animate properties and began attacking civilians. Foundation personnel are dispatched to contain the entities and amnesticize witnesses. 57 confirmed civilian deaths, 12 confirmed personnel deaths. Anomaly has seen been classified as SCP-████. |
| Incident-8912-5 | = 7/15/1924 | = A large fire started in the ████████ Logging Plant in Bente, Washington. Residents arrived at SCP-8912 looking for instances of SCP-8912-1 to aid in firefighting efforts. Witnesses were amnesticized. Approximately 47% of the buildings in Bente were destroyed by the fire. 167 confirmed civilian deaths. |
| Incident-8912-6 | = 10/3/1925 | = The town of Moncton, Washington anomalously flooded overnight despite no obvious cause. 280 confirmed civilian deaths, 41 missing civilians. |
| Incident-8912-7 | = 2/29/1928 | = Civilians in the town of Bente, Washington report that a murder of crows has abducted several civilians. Witnesses are amnesticized and the anomoly is contained, classified as SCP-████. 10 confirmed civilian deaths. The population of Bente decreases dramatically as civilians leave the area. |
| Incident-8912-8 | = 3/30/1930 | = Residents of Bente, Washington gather outside SCP-8912 to protest against Foundation personnel, believing Foundation presence to be a military installation. MTF Epsilon-6 are summoned to contain the situation. All residents are detained, amnesticized, and relocated from Bente. |
</details>

<details>
<summary>Addendum-8912-7: Incident Report-8912-9</summary>

**Incident Report-8912-2:** On 4/5/2025 at 00:14, Lieutenant Quincy Baker of MTF Epsilon-6 was found dead outside the █████ ███ Bar in ██████, Washington. The body was found to have small, perfectly cylindrical sections removed, with the wounds suggesting no tools were used. Following this incident SCP-8912 was reclassified as Keter. The following note was found at the scene of the crime.

> Thought you weren't going to see me again?

> 

> I thought so too. You bastards did a good job erasing what was in there. Took me so long to remember what was lost.

> 

> I almost wish I didn't remember. But it's all back with perfect clarity. The smell of the pine trees, the blackberry cobbler my mom made, the faces of the people we helped. The stench of the blood, the sound of gunfire. The drugs. The nerve damage from the treatment you gave me. I forgot my name for a week. Could only call myself 309 because that's all I got left with.

> 

> But I remember everything. I remember what was lost. Who was lost. And who did it.

> 

> Village idiots, right? That's what you called yourselves? A fitting name because only a damn fool would make a mistake this big. Going after an entire town of the most kind-hearted folk in the world and for what purpose? To secure, contain, and protect?

> 

> Tell that to the folk of Moncton, Bente and Hazel. You failed where we would have succeeded.

> 

> I know who was lost. The folks you made forget, I can find them. And when we're together, you better pray to God we show you the mercy you denied us.

> 

> Nineveh will rise again.

</details>

 

<< [SCP-8911](SCP-8911) | SCP-8912 | [SCP-8913](SCP-8913) >>

> **Filename:** File:Town of Monte Cristo, Sauk River and Hartford Eastern Railroad bridge trestle, Washington, ca 1920 (WASTATE 650).jpeg

> **Author:**  Juleen Studio

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Town_of_Monte_Cristo,_Sauk_River_and_Hartford_Eastern_Railroad_bridge_trestle,_Washington,_ca_1920_(WASTATE_650).jpeg

> **Filename:** File:Five mill workers sitting on running board of a car, probably Pe Ell, ca 1920 (KINSEY 987).jpeg

> **Author:**  Clark Kinsey 

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Five_mill_workers_sitting_on_running_board_of_a_car,_probably_Pe_Ell,_ca_1920_(KINSEY_987).jpeg
