@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Schoolbell&display=swap');

@@ @@

[Canon Hub](Canon Hub) >> [Resurrection Hub](resurrection) / [What A Wonderful World Hub](wonder-world) >> SCP-8726

**Item #:** SCP-8726

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8726 is to remain under the care of Dr. Everwood in the GoI-386 Dr. Wondertainment.  Research Lab of [Site-55](secure-facility-dossier-site-55). The subject is permitted to roam the Site at its leisure so long as it is supervised by at least one Level-2 personnel. Additionally, SCP-8726 is not to be referred to by its SCP designation in person and is instead to be referred to as 'James'. 

**Description:** SCP-8726 refers to a human 6-year-old child possessing unaging immortality. Multiple psychiatric evaluations have indicated that SCP-8726's mental age and capacity have not appeared to progress beyond that of the average 6-year-old. It was determined that the delays in SCP-8726's mental development noted were not as a result of their existing Autism diagnosis. 

SCP-8726 was born to D-class parents under the D-Parenthood Program, meant to supply the Foundation with child D-class personnel for use in anomalies requiring children. After its birth, SCP-8726 was immediately placed in a Foundation-operated daycare and learning program with the purpose of elevating the children D-class to Level-1 personnel once they had aged beyond use in children-oriented anomalies. The subject's anomalous properties first came to Foundation attention in 2020 during a routine pediatric check-up where it was discovered that SCP-8726 (now aged 8) had not grown in two years and underperformed in psychiatric evaluations for children of its age for the second year in a row. SCP-8726's anomalous properties were confirmed during another routine pediatric check-up in 2023.

**Addendum 8726.1:** Due to the high volume of requests for child D-class personnel from the GoI-386 research team and the low numbers of such personnel, a proposal was suggested by Foundation pediatric psychologist Dr. Jackson. The following is a log of the meeting between Dr. Jackson and GoI-386 Research Lead Dr. Everwood.

= **<BEGIN LOG>**

*[Everwood enters the conference room and approaches the chair opposite Jackson.]*

**Jackson:** Hello, Jay. I'm glad you could make it.

*[Everwood takes a seat.]*

**Everwood:** Hey, Marley. How are you doing?

**Jackson:** Oh, you know. Same old same old. Dealing with children has its ups and downs.

**Everwood:** No kidding. I admire their ability to put up with the Foundation's nonsense.

**Jackson:** Yeah. I'm jealous of you, though. They all seem to love you.

**Everwood:** Trade secret. Heh. So what have you got for me?

*[Jackson leans in over the table as Everwood does the same.]*

**Jackson:** Alright, I'll get right to it. I know your department often makes requests for child D-class personnel.

**Everwood:** Right. We need them to research most of our objects.

**Jackson:**  And I understand that. But you also have to understand that there are more pressing objects at hand than the latest Wondertainment product. 

**Everwood:** I know we're low on the totem pole, but this low? Geez.

*[Everwood leans backward in their chair and grabs a pen from the desk. They begin to wave it in front of them, focusing their attention on it.]*

**Jackson:** It's just the way things are, Jay. You know how it is.

**Everwood:** So what, you're just going to cut us off entirely? How am I supposed to do my job if I don't have the necessary test subjects?

**Jackson:** Don't worry, we're not planning on cutting you off completely. We have a solution.

*[Everwood drops the pen onto the table and looks over at Jackson.]*

**Everwood:** I'd love to hear it.

**Jackson:** We have recently discovered one of the kids in the D-Parenting program doesn't age beyond 6. We want to give him to you so you can put him to work.

**Everwood:** Wow, really? That... That would literally solve all our problems. We'd finally have a reliable control group.

**Jackson:** You lucked out, honestly. 

**Everwood:** No kidding. 

**Jackson:** The council typically has apprehensions about letting SCP objects interact with other SCPs.

**Everwood:** Wait, so he's an SCP?

**Jackson:** Correct.

**Everwood:** What a world. Poor kid must have had it pretty rough.

*[Everwood leans forward over the table again. There is a brief silence.]*

**Everwood:** You know, I pride myself in creating a fun environment for kids back at my lab. Everything is colorful and there are plenty of toys, anomalous and not, for them to play with while we work. I realize their lives must suck so I try my best to be a beacon of light for them. So that when they go back to their friends in the program they can say 'I had a great time with Dr. Everwood!'

**Jackson:** If only it were that easy for me. I know I sometimes have to send these kids off to their deaths in dealing with anomalies and it has hardened my heart. I commend you for still finding joy in the world.

**Everwood:** I have to. If I don't, who will?

*[Everwood shrugs.]*

**Jackson:** Yeah.

*[There is a pause as Jackson looks over some papers in front of her.]*

**Everwood:** So, this kid... does he have a name?

**Jackson:** Yes, let me just... Uhh... Oh. James.

**Everwood:** James. Alright. And he's going to be a D-Class assigned to me? Or an SCP? I don't really like the thought of constantly calling him by his D-Class designation, much less an SCP number.

**Jackson:** He's going to be a member of your team. You're free to treat him however you please.

**Everwood:** In that case, I don't want him to be called a number. I want him to be called James, and I want everyone to know that. I also don't want him to be in that orange jumpsuit you make all the D-Class and humanoids wear. I want him to have proper clothing.

*[There is a brief silence. Jackson coughs.]*

**Everwood:** To add to my request, I want James to have a proper dormitory with the rest of the Site's personnel.

**Jackson:** I can certainly try, but do you really think they'll agree to all this for an SCP object?

**Everwood:** You don't understand. This kid has to be happy. It's bad enough that he's stuck living the life he will. I need him to not feel inferior or like he doesn't belong. It's what the Foundation would do for any other proper member of any team. Please.

**Jackson:** Why are you going so hard on improving conditions for one kid and not the rest of the children D-Class we have?

**Everwood:** Because I actually have the power to help this one kid.

**Jackson:** I see... Well then. I'll... I'll see what I can do.

**Everwood:** Thank you, Marley.

= **<END LOG>**

@@ @@

**Addendum 8726.2:** In the months following its induction to Dr. Everwood's research team, SCP-8726 displayed a downturn in mental health. This culminated in it refusing to cooperate with certain members of the team and minor tantrums. It was then interviewed by Dr. Jackson for a follow-up psychiatric evaluation. Attached below is an excerpt from the interview between SCP-8726 and Dr. Jackson. 

= **<BEGIN LOG>**

**Jackson:** How are you liking working with Dr. Everwood?

**SCP-8726:** It's fun. I like Dr. Everwood and Mr. Rex. They're nice to me. But I don't like Ms. May or Mr. Chidi. 

**Jackson:** And why is that?

*[SCP-8726 is silent.]*

**Jackson:** You can tell me everything. I promise I won't tell anyone else or get you in trouble.

**SCP-8726:** Promise?

**Jackson:** Cross my heart and hope to die.

**SCP-8726:** ...I don't want you to die... 

*[Jackson laughs.]*

**Jackson:** I don't want to either! It's just a saying, don't worry about me. I'll be right here for a long time. 

**SCP-8726:** Okay.

*[SCP-8726 giggles.]*

**Jackson:** How about you tell me about Ms. May and Mr. Chidi? Are they being mean to you?

*[SCP-8726 nods.]*

**Jackson:** That's no good.

*[SCP-8726 shakes its head.]*

**Jackson:** So, what are they doing to you?

*[SCP-8726 pauses. It then covers its face with its hands.]*

**Jackson:** Will you tell me if I give you your Nintendo back? SCP-8726's Nintendo Switch had been taken by Dr. Jackson in order to allow it to focus on their session. 

*[SCP-8726 is silent for a moment, it then nods.]*

**Jackson:** Okay. But you gotta tell me, okay?

**SCP-8726:** I will!

*[Jackson reaches behind her to a table and grabs SCP-8726's Nintendo Switch. She hands it over. SCP-8726 immediately reactivates it from its dormant state and resumes playing.]*

**Jackson:** Alright. Now tell me what Ms. May and Mr. Chidi are doing to you.

**SCP-8726:** They keep calling me SCP-8726. Dr. Everwood said not to let anybody call me that but they said it's my desig... desig... designation.

**Jackson:** Do they do it when Dr. Everwood isn't there?

**SCP-8726:** Yes.

**Jackson:** I see. Dr. Everwood is right. They shouldn't be calling you that. I'll make sure to tell them to discipline those two for that.

*[SCP-8726 drops its Switch and moves towards Jackson.]*

**SCP-8726:** No! They'll know I told someone and they'll be even more meaner to me! 

**Jackson:** They are adults. They should honestly be able to follow instructions and not hold anything against a child. Don't worry, James, you'll be okay. I promise.

**SCP-8726:** Cross your heart and hope to die?

**Jackson:** You know it, buddy.

= **<END LOG>**

*Note: Researchers May Waters and Chidi Gueye were reprimanded for not following standard SCP-8726 containment procedures.* 

Despite SCP-8726 confirming that all personnel in Site-55 were "being nice to him"[sic] It is assumed that with this statement, all personnel are following SCP-8726's containment procedures.  following this incident, it remained uncooperative with Dr. Everwood's research team. Behaviors included frequent tantrums, refusal to leave its room, and refusal to interact with any personnel. These behaviors culminated when SCP-8726 stated it was "mad about being an SCP"[sic] and refused to work for the day.

Due to the problematic behaviors displayed by SCP-8726, Site-55 Director Alder suggested shelving the project and returning SCP-8726 to general containment. Dr. Everwood reached out to Dr. Jackson in response to this, seeking to maintain SCP-8726 in their program. Following this, Dr. Jackson reached out to Dr. █████, the lead researcher in [SCP-105](SCP-105)'s containment in an effort to bring it to Site-55 to speak with SCP-8726. Dr. █████ approved of the effort, and SCP-105 was brought to Site-55 the following day. 

Attached below is a log of SCP-105's interaction with SCP-8726 recorded via the Site-55 security system.

= **<BEGIN LOG>**

*[SCP-105, Everwood, and Jackson are standing outside of SCP-8726's room. The door is open and SCP-8726 is facing away from the door. Everwood knocks on the door.]*

**Everwood:** Hey, buddy. Got a second?

*[SCP-8726 is silent and remains faced away.]*

**Everwood:** I brought someone here to talk to you. I think you'll like them.

*[SCP-8726 is silent.]*

**Everwood:** Go ahead.

*[SCP-105 hands SCP-105-B to Everwood and steps into the room, walking towards SCP-8726. It takes a seat on the bed beside it and places a hand on its shoulder.]*

**SCP-8726:** Don't touch me!

*[SCP-8726 turns towards SCP-105 and freezes.]*

**SCP-105:** Hi, James. My name is Iris.

**SCP-8726:** H-hi...

**SCP-105:** Do you mind if I sit here?

**SCP-8726:** No...

*[SCP-8726 turns again, facing the wall.]*

**SCP-105:** So. From what I hear you're pretty bummed out about being an SCP. Is that true?

*[SCP-8726 is silent.]*

**SCP-105:** I can't say I blame you. I was pretty sad about it too.

*[SCP-8726 turns.]*

**SCP-8726:** You're an SCP too?

**SCP-105:** Yeah. SCP-105.

**SCP-8726:** I'm SCP-8726.

**SCP-105:** 8726, huh? Wow, I had no idea there were that many. I guess I'm getting old now, aren't I?

*[SCP-105 laughs.]*

**SCP-8726:** I don't get old. What can you do?

**SCP-105:** I can reach through pictures I take and do things to the area around it.

**SCP-8726:** That's cool.

**SCP-105:** Not as cool as not getting old. If I could be a kid forever, I would absolutely love that. Not have to worry about a thing and have all my needs taken care of forever? Heck yeah, know what I'm saying?

*[SCP-8726 shakes its head.]*

**SCP-105:** I guess you wouldn't know since you've never stopped being a kid.

*[There is a four-second silence.]*

**SCP-105:** So. Like I was saying, I heard you're not happy about being an SCP.

**SCP-8726:** Yeah. It stinks!

**SCP-105:** Oh yeah? I agree with you, there are parts that do stink. But I wouldn't say it's all bad. You're more than just your SCP designation, James.

**SCP-8726:** What does that mean?

**SCP-105:** It means that you're not just a set of numbers. You're a person. A person with hopes, dreams, aspirations, goals, motivations, hobbies... Everything a normal person has. For example, what are your hobbies?

**SCP-8726:** What is a hobby?

**SCP-105:** It's something you like to do, mostly in your free time. I like photography. 

*[SCP-105 motions for Everwood to hand it its camera. Everwood steps into the room and hands SCP-105-B to it, then looks at SCP-8726 with a smile.]*

**SCP-105:** See?

**SCP-8726:** Cool!

**SCP-105:** This isn't even the cool part. Dr. Jackson, can you hand me my file?

*[Jackson enters the room, holding a manilla folder. She hands it to SCP-105, who opens it to reveal various pictures.]*

**SCP-105:** Check this out. I took all of these when I was out on a mission a few years ago.

**SCP-8726:** What's this one?

**SCP-105:** That's a ladybug. The way it landed on the flower without caring that I was there, I dunno. It just spoke to me. So, I took a picture.

**SCP-8726:** Just like Pokémon Snap!

**SCP-105:** What?

**SCP-8726:** Look!

*[SCP-8726 stands and walks towards its desk. It grabs its Nintendo Switch and turns it on, showing SCP-105 the game it was currently playing after it returns to the bed.]*

**SCP-8726:** It lets you take pictures of Pokémons.

**SCP-105:** Oh, that's cool. I don't recognize a lot of these Pokémon. I wonder how many have been added since I was last outside...

**SCP-8726:** I like taking pictures of the Pokémon. Just like you!

**SCP-105:** Do you want to take a picture together, James?

**SCP-8726:** I have a better idea.

*[SCP-8726 leaves its bed again and approaches its desk, where it produces a sketchbook and several crayons. It places them on the ground and lays down, beginning to illustrate something on it.]*

**SCP-105:** Watcha drawin' over there?

**SCP-8726:** It's a secret.

**SCP-105:** Ah, okay, I see. James, I wanted to talk to you about something important while I was here.

*[SCP-8726 nods and continues drawing.]*

**SCP-105:** Some people might... Not exactly like you because you are an SCP. They might see you as a problem, or even dangerous. I wanted to tell you that you shouldn't let those people get to you.

**SCP-8726:** You mean like Mr. Chidi and Ms. May?

*[SCP-105 turns to face Everwood and Jackson.]*

**SCP-105:** Are those the ones who...?

**Everwood:** Yes.

*[SCP-105 turns back to face SCP-8726. It fidgets with SCP-105-B as it speaks again.]*

**SCP-105:** Yes, James. Like them. Don't let them get to you. You're more than your SCP designation. You're an adorable little kid and don't you ever forget that, okay?

*[SCP-8726 nods, continuing to draw.]*

**SCP-105:** Always remember this, okay? You have people here who care about you. You have Dr. Everwood, Dr. Jackson, me, and the other people down in the lab you work at. You've got a great group of people who will support you no matter what. You have friends.

**SCP-8726:** I like my friends. But I don't like Mr. Chidi and Ms. May. They're still mean to me.

*[SCP-105 looks over to Everwood and Jackson. There is a brief silence between them before it speaks again.]*

**SCP-105:** Yeah. Unfortunately, there will be people like them no matter what you do or where you go. But listen. You have friends. And they are what really matters.

**SCP-8726:** Sometimes I wish I had friends who were my age so we could play together when we're not busy with work. I liked playing with Michael and Rosie when I was still with the other kids.

**SCP-105:** Uh... I'm sorry, James.

**SCP-8726:** I miss them.

*[There is a brief silence.]*

**SCP-105:** I uh, I see. Well, I think you should focus on the future rather than the past! And the future for you seems like... a lot of fun. You get to play with toys and spend time with your friends.

**SCP-8726:** Yeah. What do you like about your future, Iris?

*[There is a brief silence.]*

**SCP-105:** I can't do this anymore.

*[SCP-105 stands and walks outside of the room. It is followed by Everwood. Jackson remains in the room with SCP-8726.]*

**Everwood:** *[Whispering]* What are you doing? We need you to show him it's not all bad.

**SCP-105:** *[Whispering]* I can't sit in there and lie to a six-year-old about how great it is to be an SCP! This whole experience took my life away from me, and it's robbing him of his before it even starts! I can't do this in good conscience. I'm sorry.

*[There is a brief silence.]*

**Everwood:** *[Whispering]* I understand. Thank you for trying.

*[SCP-8726 stands from the floor, bringing its drawing along with it towards Everwood and SCP-105.]*

**SCP-8726:** Look at what I drawed!

= **<END LOG>**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**item #:** scp-8726

@@ @@

@@ @@

**obgect class:** safe 

@@ @@

@@ @@

**special contaiment prosedures:** scp-8726 is aloud to play with any of doctor wondertainments toys that doctor everwood and mister rex let him play with. spc-8726 is not aloud to leave the room if doctor everwood or mister rex are not watshing him. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

**descrepshon:** i am scp-8726. i do not get old. i am 6 years old forever but that is ok becuz i can play with toys and spend tiem with doctor everwood and iris and mister rex and all the other nice pepol in the goi lab. they r nice to me and i like them a lot. my faveorit toy is my nintendo switch becuz it has pokemon snap on it and i liek takeng pecshurs.

@@ @@

@@ @@

**adendumb:** my faevorit hobbie is draweing. i drawed the pecshur for my own scp file.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8725](SCP-8725) | SCP-8726 | [SCP-8727](SCP-8727) >>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

> **Filename:** james.jpg

> **Name:** My 6 year old boy

> **Author:** marviikad

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Link](https://www.flickr.com/photos/66543362@N00/8690275238/in/photolist-eeVW4G-2kC25R5-2aAhcEm-61gbyr-FHEhG9-2mif88E-AnF1U4-2mWigMp-2mikjRD-eS6Cv-e6JLr-q2q9KB-TLrmyV-2mibdMj-2n7N9aH-2m7nmJU-2m7h3ST-2knfo27-FPsfJ6-DPWnp-C7W1hv-29KbVbK-M739aN-2bXtwzU-pA2eoG-dqhKCM-gX52ak-bAJ2YS-7wiXrm-2m7kNWr-2n7fGT6-2j4gyDU-2hczLX3-CaBABG-8oUqwb-VhEgBb-2n7SVke-2ki9oZf-2ncehkD-JmHJoA-2mvPid7-BwjLJU-2m8fwVi-2htw12Y-2ki59M1-2hQXojq-R2hB4m-bSk18D-2m8QHA6-27jDv8s)

> **Filename:** jamesart.png

> **Name:** jamesart

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0
